“Then I should have died with him!” He screams to the vast dunes, empty now except for Seb’s body.
The sun sinks behind the western wall as lamp lighters hurry to finish their work. Horse hooves clack and clatter on cobblestones, people pull their cloaks close against the evening chill, and a beggar on a corner asks for change. When John drops a few coins in the man’s bowl, he looks up and cheerfully says, “Elua keep you, sir.” John smiles back at him and continues walking. Three paces later he stops and turns around. He knows that face, he thinks, and that voice. From where, though? It sets him on edge. The pool of lamplight where the beggar stood is empty, and there is no sign of him nearby.
“You know what I mean, don't be an arse. How can you be so carefree about this?” John stands up and walks to the window. He folds his arms across his chest, squares his shoulders, and watches the street below: a soldier reporting for duty.
Sherlock nods. “We can do some research tomorrow on the key, but there’s nothing left to learn here tonight.” He takes John’s hand in his and starts walking towards the door. “Let’s go home. That glass of wine sounds even better now.”
“I don’t.” The thought of John venturing through the often chaotic streets of Night’s Doorstep and Mont Nuit without him was frightening. Sherlock’s waifs were watching him, of course, but they couldn’t defend him. And for all that John was in better spirits today, he still wasn’t himself and people went missing there all the time. It would be all too easy for Moriarty to act. Unlikely, perhaps, but easy. “Let me share a carriage with you. You can leave me at Valerian for the night –I’ll be as safe there as here.”
Elua. How long has he been lurking in the background? How much does he know about their lives and patterns? It was never a stalemate.
She would be in no condition for their usual entertainments, of course. Valerian adepts and apprentices rarely accepted more than one assignation a night, and with good reason. He’ll demand nothing of her, but she will choose him over the comfort of her own room when her guest leaves. He will give her wine, wrap her in his arms, and remind her of how extraordinary she is as she falls asleep. Being allowed to do so on nights like this is an honor not lost on him, and he will be grateful for the company of a friend.
John focuses on steadying the rhythm of his lungs, falling back on childhood lessons of the simplest meditations. Eventually his heart slows and the knot in his stomach loosens its grip a little. It’s all still there – the guilt, the fear, the anguish. But with enough effort, he is able to force everything to a distance.
“I have nothing to work with, John.
John looks to Sherlock, and Sherlock hardly needs to thinks before turning to one of the guards. “Go now. Send Lestrade to Mont Nuit, start with Valerian and Mandrake. I don’t doubt the easy cover for noise will be tempting for them. Ride fast and we will follow you shortly.”
~ ~ ~
John is sitting in his chair by the fire. Brown parcel paper sits on the table beside him, a scrap of parchment is in his lap, and he's turning what looks like a clay coin about in his hand, studying it. When the music stops, he looks up and holds it out to Sherlock. His face is a perfect mask of Cassiline calm. “It wasn’t addressed to either of us, but I believe it’s for you.”
“Sherlock! Thank Elua you’re here.” Lestrade leads them in the front door and up to the second floor as he talks.  “He was taken from his rooms less than an hour ago, pulled through the window and dropped down into a cart that took him on a backstreet. No one was watching the higher windows, and they were near silent. A guard outside caught sight of the cart leaving, but thought nothing of it. The boy’s mother came to check on him and discovered he was missing. My men have been over the entire house, and more are working on tracks through the roads, but I’ve saved his rooms for you.” He motions to the open door just a bit down the hallway they were now in. “Please, Sherlock. Find something.”
“John -”
When John opens his eyes, the room is filled with bright afternoon light. Sherlock’s heart beats steady and slow in his ear and the warmth of his body surrounds him. John’s muscles are stiff, his face streaked with dried tears. He sits up, careful to not wake Sherlock as he untangles himself, and scrubs his hands over his face. When he opens his eyes again he sees shattered porcelain on the floor and his heart sinks with memories from the night.
and that was enough. He whispers his gratitude before getting to his feet.
“Has there been any word?”
He sighs and runs fingers through his hair as he sits up. All of the records of the case lay scattered on his desk, waiting to be organized and handed off to the courts for the Duc de Somerville’s trial. He will most likely be standing trial alone – none of the evidence or statements point clearly enough to anyone else. It seems Sherlock was right that the actual culprits would be long gone with their gold. The only real lead Lestrade managed to find is just a name -
John shakes his head. “Nothing you can help with. I’ll figure it out.”
No doubt feeling Sherlock’s gaze on him, John turns and their eyes meet.
James Moriarty steps down onto the docks in Marsilikos, taking in everything around him with a bored gaze, and brushes a bit of dirt off of his sleeve as he walks towards his waiting carriage. His fitted britches and doublet feel restricting after so many years in the robes of a Tiberian scholar, but he must admit that finely made D’Angeline fashion suits him quite well. Settling into his carriage, he glances at the docks before pulling a curtain over the window. Did he really once wander through this busy, noisy place in awe? How naïve he was. He barely recalls the bedraggled farm boy who begged for free passage across the sea years ago. Can a man change so profoundly that he cannot even remember who he once was?
John startles at Lestrade's voice, but manages to not let it show. He takes a moment to gather himself before standing up. “Lead the way.”
Richard de Somerville was stricken with grief when Sebastian died, but he is a
“It does, doesn’t it? But I have to go. Here, I brought you these. I think they are the ones you asked for?” Sebby picks up his satchel from the wall and pulls out three books wrapped together with twine. James’ face lights up when he gives them to him. He caresses the books as he reads the lettering on their spines.
“Lay down.” A playful scolding. “On your stomach.”
Sebby’s smile is small and shy. “I’m sorry I never wrote you. The time went by so quickly, and I just never got the chance.”
“What will you do with us, now that you know?”
Sherlock watches John move through the ballroom with rapt attention. It is easy to forget that this was once John’s daily life. That the King calls him by his first name. During the winters that Sherlock was doing all in his power to avoid palace events, John was probably at every one of them. He navigates the social expectations with ease, smiling and making small talk, all the while never letting down his guard. He no doubt knows the location of every guard in the room, and not once as they make their way through the crowd does he lose track of Sherlock. He would be able to find him in a heartbeat even if he were across the room. It’s always fascinating to observe this side of him, a Casseline truly in his element, and tonight he is more confident and happy than usual. It’s a beautiful thing to see.
“My lord Duc, how did you find these men you hired?”
Sherlock refills his glass and stokes the fire before returning to his chair. He knows John is safe behind the walls of Gentian house, but he’d still left word with the doorman to bring his messages with utmost urgency. He says prayers to Na’amah and Elua, both to keep John safe and to lead him to the answer he seeks. To make him whole again.
He hears the door open and the young girl greet Lord Shahrizai. There is fear in Sherlock’s voice when he responds, and James grins widely.
Sherlock sits up on the couch and swings his legs round so he can lay his head in John’s lap instead. He takes John’s hand in his and laces their fingers together, bringing them to his lips briefly. “I do want everything with him to end, but I am so afraid of what may happen before it does.”
John smirks; it is the closest to a laugh he can manage today. Lestrade glances at him with concern but doesn't say anything, and they both go back to watching the recruits. Anderson releases the last pair and one of them walks towards John and Lestrade. He is a man not much taller than John with short, dark hair. John didn't work with him today, but from what he saw he was at least somewhat competent with a blade. As he approaches them, his face lights up with excitement.
“I made certain you will be the first one in the shop.”
They spend the walk discussing some of the recruits, who would serve better here or there, how to best train those that need more help. In not much time at all they reach the edge of the palace district and walk in to The Lady. The tavern is bustling at this time of day, but the innkeeper recognizes them and meets them with their usual lager at a front corner table. Settled and with pints in hand, Lestrade gets directly to his purpose.
Sherlock mumbles in his sleep and reaches for John, his arms just now realizing they are empty. John’s heart throbs and tears threaten to fill his eyes.
“Yes. Just tired.” He nods towards the men. “You have some good talent. A couple of them need practice, but overall I think they'll do well.”
John hesitates briefly before knocking on the door.
John’s jaw cleches tight, his voice is rough. “No.”
“She’s fine, love. And now that we know, we can keep her safe.”
“I don’t know what I would do without you, John.”
“I know. Just, stop and breathe for one moment.”
“Ready, Sherlock? The carriage is downstairs.” John steps into the bedroom, still fitting links into the cuffs of his sleeves. He is wearing a simple but elegantly made collared shirt with black tails and waistcoat, fitted black trousers, and tall boots. Sherlock takes in every detail, grateful that the atelier suggested making modern formalwear for them both. It was a style that most definitely suited John. He looked ravishing and Sherlock could not wait to take all of it off him later. When John looks up from the clasps, his blue eyes meet Sherlock’s and he smiles. “What are you grinning about?”
The boy glances again at the hilt of John’s sword over his shoulder, now more curious than fearful, and nods. “Yes, sire.” Filled with the importance of his tasks, he hands the lantern to John and sprints back into the house.
As the three men head down the stairs and into the city, Sherlock brings to mind everything he knows about the Verreuil and d’Essoms families, which is unfortunately little. He knows Lucien and Anatole were both young, hardly past the age of majority, and unlikely to have serious enemies in their own right. Sins of the fathers, then? They are both first sons of nobility. Is the world being lazy, or is someone is killing off D’Angeline heirs?
She is beautiful.
“You surprised me, that’s all. About time you made this an actual competition.”
It is now James’ turn to blush, but he doesn’t look away.
It is all Sherlock can do to not run through the front door. He and John manage to get into the carriage and on their way before all of his thoughts explode outward.
A flash of light, a fire in his chest, and a captain’s scream. John watches blood pour into the sand beneath him, not caring that it’s his.
John takes a half step away and turns around so that he can look directly at Sherlock when he speaks. “That you won't go after this man without me. That you won't do anything the slightest bit dangerous without me.”
The scribe nods and stacks books to carry away as Sherlock empties this last hope for
“Ah.” Captain Lestrade looks at John with a worried expression. “Of course, go. I’ll check in on you tomorrow?”
~ ~ ~
“Yeah, maybe. Chess tomorrow? You almost won last time.”
John watches the Alban coastline fall away as their ship’s crew opens sails to the winds of the Straights. These last weeks had been interesting in ways that John would rather not think about, and he is glad to be going home. Was it really only a month ago that the Cruarch’s messenger had arrived at Baker Street? The attempted political coup at the surface of it all, the case Sherlock was meant to solve, was merely a stepping stone. Almost as soon as they set foot on Alban soil, they fell into a world of monstrous wolves, primal magic, angry spirits, and too many truths. Sherlock was fascinated and solved the case with his usual veracity. John slept fitfully, with his blades close at hand.
in spite of his protests. He takes a quick step forward, but halts at the arrival of the Duc de Somerville.
“Elua. Sherlock, we have to go.”
Sherlock’s lips curve up in a smirk, and press a kiss onto John’s brow. John steps out of their embrace and nudges Sherlock towards the door. “Go. Solve this.”
Surely
His heart skips as he considers his escape routes again. Seb’s presence fills the halls and rooms of this place, making it difficult for him to stay focused. He could be away from the palace, away from
“Elua! He has you after a murderer?”
No Kushiel notes other than I took huge liberties with the location of and layout of the Somerville estates. Hope that doesn't bug anyone too much.
“Sherlock.” She says, matter-of-factly.
John sits at their table looking down at a list of thousands of names and knows this is not the right direction to go. Weeding out nobility and heirs from among the dead will take far more time and detailed knowledge of the peerage than either he or Sherlock possesses. Their best hope lay in the list of 13 names that Sherlock tacked to the wall above the couch. D’Essoms and Verreuil are marked through, as is Lady Fournier since she has no children. Of the ten remaining families, six are still at country estates well over a day’s ride away. Messengers were sent to warn them, but it is unlikely the kidnapper will go outside of the city before taking all of the easier targets within it. That leaves four possible victims, one small boy and three young ladies, who are each under a watch. Surely they are nearing the end of this.
John stands up, sliding his hands deftly to rest on the pommels of his daggers as he does. Sherlock readies himself to intervene if necessary, but stays silent. “Please, Richard.
“Still researching Alba, then?”
The man's smile grates on John's limited patience. “And you still haven't. Though I am certain you will soon enough now that you are in the city.”
“Sleep, Sherlock. I love you too.”
There are also John’s scars. They are
An old oak tree silently guards the grass, wildflowers, and gray stones at the top of a long hill as James walks towards it.  His driver waits with the carriage on the road below, having not questioned the sudden request to halt. He didn’t plan to stop here. It hadn’t even occurred to him that the road from Marsilikos to the City of Elua would pass through this part of the province. He had willfully not thought of L’Agnace for so long that the neatly laid out orchards and smell of falling summer blossoms slipped tendrils of longing into him before he could think to stop them. When they rounded a curve and he saw the oak marking the Somerville family graves, his normally cold and calculating gaze softened and a sad smile just barely touched his lips.
Vigilant and broken? Sherlock will try in vain to save him, when he should be paying so much more attention to his own path. John can’t allow that. For Sherlock’s sake, if not his own, he must pull himself together. Just enough to keep going, enough to protect his charge, enough to not fail again. Even if he will never be whole. Never saved, never forgiven. A life lived at the precipice, forever staring down into the oblivion where he belongs.
“She’s still cross with me for skipping breakfast this morning. I’ll not get away with that twice in a day.”
Lestrade looks at John for a long moment before a small smile curves the corners of his mouth. “So you can. Here.” He hands the paper to Sherlock, who glances at it before passing it to John. The address is uncomfortably close to Baker Street.
“Why are you here? Was it all worth it?” He glares at the stone, unexpectedly angry and shaking. His voice becomes an anguished scream. “
He sees Sebastian’s face on that last day in the orchard. Perhaps it had all been a surprise for him too, to find himself wanting James more than he ever meant to. To feel his heart tearing in two as James walked away.
John looks for a moment longer before giving up. Perhaps he’d recognized John as well and run. Either way, there is little to be done about it now but stay alert and walk quickly. A few moments later he crosses the bridge into the market district. He turns the corner onto Baker Street and sees Sherlock silhouetted through the curtains in the upstairs window. His violin is balanced against his chin and he sways slightly as he glides his bow across the strings.
“Let’s see if you’re still saying that when you’re on the ground again, little lord.”
(See the end of the chapter for
While they say nothing of import before leaving, their interactions are captivating. Like two planets orbiting the same sun, even their most subconscious movements gracefully compliment one another. Lord Shahrizai’s heart resides not in his chest, but within John Watson.
come first. But Sherlock is not certain that Moriarty  will allow him a choice in the matter, and that frightens him.
Sherlock hasn’t moved. He sits in his chair, legs pulled in close in front of him, arms wrapped around his shins. His chin rests on his knees and he stares unresponsively at the mantle in front of them. John gets up and runs a hand lightly across his shoulder as he walks by on the way downstairs. Mrs. Hudson already has a kettle over the fire and is adding the last items to a tray - toast and honey, the best chance at enticing Sherlock with food during a case. John takes the kettle from the stove, pours steaming water into the two cups, and kisses Mrs. Hudson on the cheek before taking it all upstairs.
There was nothing useful in the abandoned building. Sherlock fumed at the work done by Lestrade’s men, but now that they are looking at the Verreuil boy’s body, John is somewhat grateful they weren’t sent for earlier. He was brutally tortured – bones broken, skin burned and pierced and cut – and he can’t be more than nineteen or twenty years of age, so similar in coloring and hairstyle to Seb that it makes John’s heart ache. He doesn’t think he could have handled seeing him the way Lestrade says he was found. Sherlock examines the body for several moments before speaking.
John shrugs. “He was just frightened. Can’t blame him for that.” John averts his eyes, gazing off into the darkness as the knot in his stomach coils tighter. Frightened boys are easy to handle, easier than the possibilities that wait for him in the house.
John stands up and she pulls him to her. His lips meet hers; she tastes of honeyed tea and her skin smells of lavender and sage. Her hands move to untie his robe, his rest on her slender waist. Perhaps it’s the wine, or perhaps Niamh and the feared gods of Alba are already weaving more powerful threads around them. Whatever the cause, John finds himself completely entranced with her. He runs a hand up her back and unties the top of her dress. Silken material slides down her body and pools on the floor at her feet. Soft, cool fingers move across his shoulders, pushing the robe off of him.
“I don’t think you can. Not right now, anyway.” John runs his thumb across the back of Sherlock’s hand on his chest. “I still need you. Just to be here.”
Sherlock traces the lines on John’s arm with his finger. He lets himself breathe, just a bit. In all his planning, all his possible scenarios, things end with he and Moriarty alone and John as far away as possible. But if John is truly hale, then perhaps it doesn’t have to be that way.
"What can you tell me?” Sherlock gets up and gathers the few things he might need as Lestrade talks. John, suddenly no longer sleepy, straps on his vambraces and daggers.
He smiles and does as she asks. He folds his arms under a pillow and rests his head on top of it, closing his eyes. He soon feels her hands spreading oil across his back and he can’t imagine opening them again. She follows Sherlock’s lines at first, working their curves and strokes into her motions. Perhaps encouraging them to aid her magic. She moves slowly and sensually, finding every knot and tightness with skilled hands. The air grows sweet around them and she works until he is languid.
“James, I have to.” James can feel Sebby’s eyes on him, identify without looking the expression on his face. Earnest, apologetic, scared. It makes him warm and anxious all at once, and he needs to move before he does something he will regret. He gets to his feet and walks to the rock’s edge a few feet above the lazy water, stripping away his shirt and boots as he does.
John doesn’t think he will ever be truly ready for the scene that he knows awaits them, but he nods anyway, instinctually checking that his daggers are free in their sheaths. The three men make their way down the stairs and out into the city.
He glances over at John, what little he can see of him in the dark. He is focused, for now. An angry warrior charging to slay the monster. But when the monster falls and the boy is saved, John will fall apart at the seams. All the emotional damage he is ignoring will slay him anew, and all at once. When it does, Sherlock must be there.
He doesn’t have the strength to fight and that terrifies him.
“That day in the barn-” Sebby stops and starts again. “You and I were always just playing at love, weren’t we? But that day suddenly we weren’t, and I should have told you. Perhaps you should have known all along, but I never thought it would matter. I never dreamt that I could be someone you would want. Afterwards, I was selfish, and I am so sorry, James. I wanted to hold on to that day, to remember it as the perfect, beautiful thing that it was. So I just left. I ran away to the city instead of telling you the truth.”
John looks down at him with eyes clear and bright. Eyes that make Sherlock think of the John he never got to meet – the one who hadn’t yet bled out under a Carthage sun. “But that’s what we’re good at, isn’t it? Finding the good endings? How many times has the culprit almost gotten away and failed because of you? How many times have we been in a life or death situation? And yet here we are, still.”
He smiles, thinking of the Tsingani case. A barefoot boy showed up on their doorstep one day, and when the case was solved a fortnight later the boy’s
all come undone at once. Old scars sear to life, angry and red. Still healing wounds tear anew, pulling out gossamer thread Sherlock had so painstakingly woven in place. John’s head sinks lower and his arms tense. Sherlock takes long strides into the room and is a step away from engulfing him in his arms when John speaks. His voice is cold and rough.
“Of course, sire. If you wouldn’t mind waiting a moment while I find her?”
“Fair enough.” Lestrade grabs a scrap of paper from his desk and writes down an address. “I asked the landlord to keep it empty for the rest of the month Brooke leased. Had a feeling it might be something more important that a run-away guard. Just tell him I sent you.” He starts to hand the paper to Sherlock and pauses, holding it out of reach. “What is this all about? Should I be worried?”
“You had an entire crime scene to start on. Why didn’t you send for me then?”
“It seems the stalemate has ended.” Sherlock picks up the box and starts to unwrap it. John stands up next to him and slips his hand around his waist. The wrapping falls to the floor and reveals a lightweight wooden box. Sherlock takes a breath and opens the hinged lid. Inside the box, sitting on a silk cloth, is a long green stem capped with a cluster of small, delicate pink flowers.
John looks away for a second and then relaxes and rests his forehead on Sherlock’s. Sherlock sends silent prayers of gratitude to Elua and to Kushiel, for bringing John home in time. For not letting Sherlock face this frightening, fascinating foe unanchored.
Richard. The recruit who wouldn’t leave him alone.
I look forward to hearing what you think :)
John releases the boy’s shoulder and returns the smile. “I am. It’s good to meet you, Philippe. Go wake the duke for me? Quietly, there is no need to rouse the whole house. And then take our horses to the stables and find us fresh ones. They’ll be exchanged again as soon as possible, I’ll make sure of it.”
“Ready?”
Perhaps. He hesitates, but in the end decides to just ask the question he’d spent weeks trying to deduce. “What is it that still worries you?”
John slips out of his boots, setting them neatly on the ground by a stone bench. His temples ache when he leans over, but that is a vast improvement over this morning. He steps barefoot onto the grass, onto the holy ground of Elua's temple in the City, and breathes deeply to clear the lingering cobwebs from his mind. He walks a path he's followed a thousand times, eyes downcast, each step a wordless prayer.
Sherlock laughs. “Yes, it was.”
The carriage pulls to a stop and the driver hops down to open the door. As James steps out, he glances up at the signboard at laughs. It seems he will be spending his night in Marsilikos at The Lamplighter’s Inn. A fortuitous beginning, perhaps. Either way, tomorrow he rides to the City of Elua to see what type of man Lord Sherlock Shahrizai might be.
Sherlock looks up into pensive blue eyes. Elua
“You don’t have to go. You are my oldest friend, James. Let us find that again, at least.”
He steps to the far side of the road and changes his path to find the edge of the district. Comfort has turned to misery and he must escape. Eventually he crosses a long bridge over the river that ends in the Market District. His spirits lifted by the change of scenery, he follows his nose to a public house and settles into a table near the middle of the room. The people in taverns at this time of night were the type that wouldn’t know much, but most of them would know
~  ~  ~
They sit a moment longer before John pulls away. He looks down at his arm, the curling lines still exposed there. “Niamh was impressed with your work. I don’t think she’d ever seen anything like it.”
The late summer sun warms the field as the boys go round after round. Sebby was first handed a wooden short-sword by his father’s master-at-arms when he was barely more than a toddler, and it shows in the developing deftness of his movements. James is not as good, but he is still impressive given that he has had no formal training. When they finally sheath their swords, they are both breathing hard and ignoring small injuries.
"How’s the book?”
~ ~ ~
be there at the end of the path, no matter how long the journey or how difficult the obstacles that lie in his way.
“That's good to hear. Anderson is an excellent instructor, but you have a much better eye for potential. I'm sure he will tell me half of them are useless.”
His mind fills with images of the three of them laughing in a carriage or walking through the gardens, of hunting parties and chess games and late nights reading in the archives. Of afternoons alone with Seb in his rooms, and nights in desert tents when war called the army away.
“Mrs. Hudson must have left it there for you when she cleaned.”
“What was his name?” Something was shifting at the edge of John’s thoughts.
“An adept, please. Gender and appearance don’t matter.” He’d thought some about this choice and realized he has no real preferences. Sherlock is the beginning and the end of his true desire. Everything else pales in comparison to lean muscles under pale skin, to hungry grey eyes, to ‘
The finality of this place is devastating.
John gives him an exasperated look that he has seen more than a few times before, but then he smiles. “Well then, shall we?”
~ ~ ~
and it is far too much. His heart aches and he stumbles backwards. He steadies himself with one hand on a column and fights to slow his pulse.
“You’re a bit of a mess, aren’t you?”
“John?”
Sherlock's brow furrows for an instant before he understands. “Of course you do.
When they reach the hall, it is alive with music and people. All the ruling houses of Terre D’ange are represented, and quite a lot of lesser nobility as well. There would be no shortage of suitable young courtiers for the Dauphine to dance with tonight. John prays Elua will guide her mercifully through the perils of courtship as a future queen, and that she will find love in a soul worthy of her.
“This is the last of it, sire. Everything we have on Asclepius, his temples, and the blind priest. These are a lot older than the rest, but I trust you will take care with them.”
He watches Sherlock for a long moment, then ignores his better judgement and follows the sound of the other man’s voice.
“No. I know him, and I know his grief. I have to be the one to talk to him.”
James looks up at the sky and closes his eyes, willing the tears to stop. He breathes in the scent of what was once home and focuses his thoughts on other things until they are no longer blurred with emotion. After a few moments his breathing calms and his pulse slows. He opens his eyes and looks down at the ground in front of him. Sebastian is dead just as he has been all this time. No aching heart, no tears or pleading can change that. No words spoken here will reach his ears. Sebastian is dead, and there are more important things to be doing than weeping over dirt and bones.
He rubs his thumb across the edge of the coin for perhaps the thousandth time before slipping it safely into his satchel with his journal. Moriarty is dangerous, especially where John is concerned; Sherlock knows that. He must ensure John stays safely out of harm's way. But that doesn't stop his pulse from racing with excitement as he makes his way to the west courtyard to summon a carriage. If Moriarty's first pawn on the board is a centuries-old obscure language, what other magnificent enigmas might he have in his arsenal? It is a seductive prospect, just as Moriarty intended it to be, and Sherlock would be lying if he said he could resist it.
“Sherlock,” John breathed in exasperation.
Sherlock collapsed on the couch behind him in a dramatic huff, covering his eyes with his hands, refusing to meet John's gaze. He knew what he would find there if he did. Disbelief at first, then a hint of ridicule, judgement, and maybe even disgust. He knew John wasn't the type to act that way but seriously, what grown man in his admittedly late thirties has never been to a party before? He deserved to be ridiculed.
“I don’t know, Sherlock, it depends on the music. If it’s an upbeat song then you’d typically go for a faster kind of dancing. And for slower songs, slow dancing is the go-to.”
"Go ahead. Do what you just saw me doing."
"You wouldn't."
Sherlock realized that he had no plan for what he would have said if John had responded to him. A simple
“Of course I have a reason. People rarely decline going to events without having a reason.”
"And how did something like that happen, exactly?"
"Come on, give it a try," John called out, shaking Sherlock out of his little trance.
Hesitantly, Sherlock listened closely to the music for a few seconds and then over exaggeratedly began nodding his head to the music.
"Well, you don't always have to correct them. Why is it such a problem if a random waiter at a restaurant or a random fan of your blog believes we're in a relationship?"
"Nothing like that, I'm afraid."
John let out a little snicker and coughed to cover it up.
“Yes, dancing.”
Sherlock gave John a playful eye roll. "I imagine they'll be bringing it up until the party that celebrates the one thousandth case I solve for them, unfortunately."
After a moment, John pulled back a bit, suddenly looking very serious as his eyes locked onto Sherlock's. "I don't care if your parents were big on birthdays or not, a kid deserves a birthday party."
Sherlock obliged.
"I've realized something." Sherlock said as they reached the hotel's glass doors.
“No, well, most parties have some kind of entertainment like a live band or a karaoke machine. And you can almost always count on music and dancing.”
"That was supposed to start five hours ago," Sherlock remarked, feeling the light flakes blowing around them.
"We can talk later." John said coolly.
John rolled his eyes and continued. “Okay, so what if I just let you know what to expect, what to look out for. You know, parties really aren’t that complicated.”
Sherlock's dancing progressed into an experimental shimmy of sorts as the next song began. John joined in, showing Sherlock some of his "signature moves" and Sherlock gladly copied them, finding them much more exciting than the head-bobbing. Eventually, Sherlock began to pick up some of his own moves, adding in a bit of a skipping motion here and there, and a twirl every now and then which made John laugh every time.
Sherlock snapped himself out of it with a quick shake of his head.
“Yes,” Sherlock mumbled as he brought his cup of tea to his lips.
“So, let me get this straight, for fast-paced songs you’d use a foxtrot or a quickstep and for slower songs you’d use, say, a waltz? In that case, shouldn’t we be choreographing these dances ahead of time?”
Sherlock stood up too, taking a few paces across the room to lean against the fireplace.
"He went that way," motioned a woman at the front desk.
Sherlock thought for a moment and started to tap his foot to the music.
"That's—that's okay." Sherlock remained fixed in his position leaning against the fireplace, fully intent on watching John move along to the song for as long as possible. This plan was cut short when John shimmied over to Sherlock, took his hands in his own, and started pulling him to the middle of the room. Sherlock obliged as John dragged him forward and then set him free in the center of the room, expecting him to instantly start dancing. When Sherlock remained perfectly still, John raised an eyebrow at him.
“Show me the kind of simple moves that you would use at a party. It would give me a better idea of what’s expected.”
These words seemed to have stunned John. He returned Sherlock's gaze with a nervous uncertainty and eventually flicked his eyes down to the pavement beneath him, fleeing Sherlock's eyes as he came up with something to say. "You know I'm not gay," he settled with. "And I know you consider yourself to be 'married to your work' and all that."
"You won't"
"I love you," Sherlock said softly.
Lestrade downed a mouthful of beer. "Well, that's..."
Sherlock thought briefly, taking himself back to the moment in question. "We were lying on the floor together, pressed shoulder to shoulder, what happened before that is irrelevant, but there we were, laughing together...I don't know." Sherlock shook himself into focus. "All of a sudden I had just reached out and pulled his arm toward me and curled into him without even thinking about it. It was extremely odd, looking back, but at the time it felt totally normal, like it was meant to be happening."
“Alright,” said John, standing up, breaking the spell. “So, let me get this straight: you don’t want to go to this party because you have no experience going to parties and you don’t know what to expect?”
"Then, let's dance."
Sherlock smiled sadly for a second, all of the terrible recollections of his childhood suddenly floating back to him: all the missed birthdays piling up and piling up until Sherlock had given up and abandoned the idea of even acknowledging his own birthday. He had pushed away these thoughts for so long, tucked them into one of the deepest chambers of his Mind Palace, and now it was all coming back to him.
John eyes softened as he took in the weight of these words. He had lost the persistent anger that had driven him out of the hotel and he regarded Sherlock with a gentle type of astonishment. John took a step back, shoved his hands in his pockets and took a long, steadying breath. "It's about time I start being honest with you. And with myself."
"John. Just...wait, will you?" Sherlock rushed to where John was standing. "We really do need to talk."
"I suppose we won't ever hear the end of this." John said after everyone had finally moved away from the hotel's entrance.
“Sherlock, you listen to me.” John said calmly, clearly gathering up every ounce of energy not to lose his patience. “It was very considerate of Greg and everyone to go through the trouble of arranging this party. They really appreciate the work you’ve been doing for them over the years, so would it kill you to show up at a party that they’ve arranged just for you?”
Lestrade plopped down on the bar stool next to him with a grunt, followed by "Sherlock, I know dancing's probably not up your alley but just give it a try for God's sake. You look like a dead fish in an aquarium." Then he addressed the bartender. "And can I get a beer?"
"I will."
Lestrade seemed to be processing this until he asked, "Has anything like this happened before?"
“I wasn’t suggesting that they were.” Sherlock protested lightly.
, thought Sherlock.
He felt John's fingers ghosting over his jaw and tiptoeing up to a spot just behind his ear. John's lips came next, brushing against his chin at first and then reaching up to capture Sherlock's mouth with his own. It was tender, chaste, soft, full of something Sherlock dared to describe as love. Because what they had truly was love, even if it took them so long to realize it.
"Uh, yes, I do, actually." John said, continuing to scrub the opposite end of the table.
could do the trick but he had a feeling John wouldn’t admit to being bothered by something as simple as Sherlock holding his arm. And why
"I can barely hear you over the music and the chatter. We can talk later." John said again.
Sherlock closed his eyes and whispered into the air between them: "Go ahead."
Once their laughing fit had died down and a quiet, content stupor had settled over them, Sherlock instinctively brushed his fingers over John's arm and pulled it closer to him. He never thought anything of it until he felt John tense slightly at the motion. John appeared to be confused by it. And, now that Sherlock thought about it, he was too. He was basically cuddling into John's arm and he had no explanation for what had possessed him to do such a thing. He could barely remember doing it in the first place. But there he was, lying on the floor, curled into John's side with his hand draped around John's arm. John was relaxing into the touch, seemingly getting over the initial confusion.
“The Duc de-?” The Captain takes a long moment to fit things together in his mind. Longer than James needs, anyway. The Duc de Somerville with his vengeance killings and a Casseline-trained civilian named John who is not quite holding himself together at the moment. James had hoped to find some small entertainment eliminating the disruptions to his work, and here he is being handed
That said, Chapter 5 may take a while. More life happening. But I will write when I can, and make sure it's worth the wait when it does go up. :)
“Well, you're rubbish at it. Tell me what's going on?”
’ in whispered baritone. He doesn’t doubt that he will enjoy the carnal aspects of the evening, but the physical nature of his host is not important. “I need someone who is not afraid of dark places. Could you choose for me?”
Richard de Somerville stares into John’s eyes for a long moment. John doesn’t move a muscle, his eyes shine bright and focused. Richard’s brow crinkles and his hands clench into fists in his lap. He glances at Sherlock and looks back to John with an almost pleading gaze. “Do you remember the day his body came home? Were you here?”
John steps out of his boots and walks towards Sherlock. He sits lengthwise on the couch, leaning his back against Sherlock’s chest and resting his head on his shoulder. Sherlock curls in towards him a bit and wraps his arms around his center. They sit in silence for several minutes and it feels like coming up for air. A moment to find each other, to reach across the gap. A reminder and a promise. He pulls John closer to him, and John hums contentedly in response.
She puts her glass down on the windowsill before reaching a hand out to him. “Let’s see what I can do about putting you right again.”
beautiful.
“Yes,” John answers before Sherlock has a chance to say otherwise. “Though we need to talk to you. Can we sit?”
“Not really.”
John stands in an empty room on the second floor of a boarding house a few blocks from their home and tries to not be nauseous. He was right here, all this time. John had sparred with him a few times during drills. He had been toying with them, watching them live their lives so that he could use it all against them in the end.
Careful. Yes, he will be careful. But he also has much work to do.
Sherlock yet again filters through all of the bits and pieces in his mind looking for anything that will make a connection. He is so entranced in his own thought that he startles when a young scribe sets a heavy crate of books and papers on the table in front of him.
“I – I don’t know exactly. I have nightmares, and worse. I can’t think or sleep or do much of anything most days.”
“No. You aren't.”
She tugs gently at his hip and he rolls on to his back. She is stretched out next to him on her side, propped up on her elbow. Her free hand never leaves his skin, sliding up his stomach and chest as he turns. Her warmth envelopes him. He pushes himself up with one arm and reaches for her. He caresses her cheek and finds himself in awe of the softness of her skin, the brightness of her eyes.
It will have to be enough.
Cassilines are trained from a young age to find their center, their calm, no matter the distractions. Thinking clearly in stressful situations is imperative to protecting their charge. Yet John can't manage a harmless recruit without losing his temper, and he hasn't thought clearly in days. If Sherlock were in mortal danger tomorrow, John isn't certain he would be able to protect him. He thought he could lock away the worst of it, just move on like he did when he first returned from Carthage. But he can't. He can't think, he can't sleep. He can't turn away long enough to breath, and he is suffocating.
Sherlock looks up from a manuscript and glowers at the shelves around him. He spent all day ensconced in the archives of the royal library and it seems that the coin's message eludes him even here. He steeples his fingers and rests his chin lightly on them.
A young girl leads him to a private salon and asks him to wait. A few moments later, a man walks in. He is about Sherlock’s height, but with broad shoulders and a more muscular build. He wears the simple cuts and muted hues characteristic of the house, and his mahogany hair is gathered in a long plait down his back. Pale green eyes gaze kindly out from a beautifully angled face.
“You were charged with treason?”
It takes some footwork to locate Captain Lestrade in the city, but before long he has a lead. If Sherlock ran after a clue for the case, it follows that he will find Lestrade again once he’s solved it. All he must do is wait. He finds the Captain and spends several hours tailing him through the night. It’s as exciting as watching mindless ants scurry about for food, but he is a patient predator. Finally, shortly after sunrise, his diligence is rewarded.
A pause, a heartbeat. Sherlock murmurs the name as the Duc speaks it.
John leans back against the headboard of the large bed and watches her as she moves about the room. She drops resin into lit braziers on the wall and the rich scent of opium slowly fills the air. She gathers vials from a cabinet and drips various sweet-smelling oils into a bowl, picking it up a few times to swirl it gently in her hands as she does. She walks over to the bed and smiles at him when he catches her eye.
Upstairs, he sets the tray on the small table between their two chairs. Sherlock glances at it but doesn’t move.
“I’m not hungry. Wine would be wonderful though.”
Sherlock nods. A short time later candles are lit on the bottom floor of the house and Philippe opens the front door again. “He’ll be in the study soon. You can come in.”
The noise is deafening – steel on steel, horses screaming. Scorching heat fills John’s lungs with each breath. A man in Umaiyyati armor raises his sword and John runs him through before he has time to strike. The smell of blood is everywhere.
And the beggar.
~ ~ ~
“Find something, sire?”
“John.” Anguish and desire weave into breathless baritone. Sherlock presses one hand into John’s chest, stopping him, even as he runs the other hungrily down John’s thigh. His brow furrows as he searches John’s face.
He closes his eyes, listens to the silence, and smiles. In his mind, he opens his box of clues about Moriarty and spreads everything out for another inspection.
There. Sherlock and John are talking with a group of people not too far away. James sets his now empty tray on a side table before heading their direction. He is almost to them when he glimpses pale blonde hair in the crowd and hears a woman’s laughter. A young lord addresses “your Highness” and asks for a dance.
Eager to know, but also oddly frightened of that knowledge, Sherlock goes first to pick up the book. A quick inspection shows that time has loosened the binding glue and opened a pocket hidden cleverly between the endsheet and the back cover. He missed it earlier. Heart thumping, he walks over to and picks up the parchment. It is blank on one side, but he flips it over to see an embossed lamp similar to the one etched on his coin. He rubs his thumb lightly over the raised image, very aware of how many centuries might have passed since it was hidden away. What secret was so carefully protected for so long? Curiosity quickly overcomes any fears he had. He sits and gently unfolds the fragile paper.
The sun is falling low in the sky; he should go home. As he is lacing up his boots, he contemplates sending word that he will be out late and hiring a carriage to take him to Mont Nuit. It is still early enough that he can slip into Gentian House unseen, and it may be best to just get it over with. Perhaps by the time the sun rises tomorrow he will have banished his demons. Could it be that simple?
Sherlock notices as well, and John can see him already chasing theories in his head.
Later, still lying in the grass, he makes a decision. He was naïve to believe Elua cared for all D’Angelines the same. Crowns and thrones apparently do matter, quite a lot. So he will leave. It doesn’t matter where he goes as long as the gods of Terre D’Ange and their false promises of love do not follow.
“Don’t disappear completely, Sherlock.” The faintest shadow of worry crosses John’s face before it is quickly replaced with a grin. “Sybille isn’t the only one I hope to dance with tonight.”
So... here's a chapter. It's neither beta'd or kushiel-picked, and honestly it could probably be better but I've wrangled with it for long enough. I'll try to not let the next one take two years. :) If anyone is still reading I would love to know what you think!
“Of course. Thank you.” Sherlock glances at John with a crinkled brow and anxious eyes. John takes his hand and they follow Édouard down the hallway.
“No. I need to do this alone. And I’d like to go tonight, if you have no plans to go out.”
He had declined the docent’s offer of interrupting Molly with another patron. He could have her available for him whenever he wished, at a moment’s notice, but he would never dream of doing so. She is an apprentice still limning her marque, and a courtesan building her clientele for the day it is done. He’s waited before, and he can wait tonight.
Lost. Failed. Condemned all of them in one moment of weakness. The anguish tugs at his center, pulling him towards the dark depths of his mind. He knows what waits at the bottom of the cliff. Sand and heat, blood and screaming men. Sebastian forever looking to him for rescue and forever dying, now joined by Lucien and Anatole. He also knows he will not be able to escape a second time. He doesn’t have the strength.
They ride to Mandrake House, where James is ordered to guard the entrance. He adjusts his new helmet and settles in to do his duty until his prey arrives. A while later there is a commotion when the boy is brought out, terrified but on his own feet. Seems another failure will be on James’ record. The child is quickly bundled into a closed carriage and taken away. The Captain gives instructions to a few of the other men outside, and two more horses come galloping up the road.
John smiles. “Why don’t I go stoke the fire before we freeze, and you get us some wine? Then you can ask all of the questions you’ve been diligently not asking.” When Sherlock looks offended, John just laughs and kisses him softly. “Tell me I’m wrong?”
from me! For what? Favor with the enemy? Money or the promise of power? They need to understand what they’ve done, to feel what I’ve felt.”
John nods. He leans back on the couch as Tristan steps out.
“I am.” It does his resolve some good to say that and honestly mean it again. He is calm, vigilant, and ready for this fight. “You?”
Thank you all for your patience with my abysmally slow writing. Enjoy!
“Its all right, Corinne! She is one of Sherlock’s. Come here, girl.”
“Yes. Just remember I can handle this now if I need to – I'm fine.”
Later that night, his mind sorts through the sights and sounds of the evening on its way towards sleep. He realizes that he saw a server with familiar face several times, but the details are blurry and he can’t figure out whose it was.
“Please, Sherlock.”
“We’re going home, love.” He rests his forehead on John’s and lowers his voice to a whisper. “I’ll catch you. I promise you I will.”
John looks up from the fireplace and follows Sherlock’s eyes to his chair.
Please, what? What could he possibly ask for? Mercy? Salvation? He was granted those once – to expect that he could be worthy of them again is surely hubris. Not with two completely innocent boys now dead.
The one man in the whole world whose duty it was to
“Sherlock.” John’s hand on his shoulder. He turns around. John is concerned about him, but he hides it well. His compassionate warrior, forever a point of strength and stability and
Sherlock doesn’t open his eyes as he leans towards the sound.
“John -”
He mumbles in his sleep and a familiar hand touches his arm lightly. “Come here, love. You’ll sleep better if you’re comfortable.”
A cool breeze blows across his skin, bringing with it the scent of lavender. His wound heals, a scar once more, and he can breathe. He hears footsteps and a moment later Niamh is kneeling before him. Her freckled skin and dark hair take on hues of the desert, but her black eyes burn deep and ethereal. She is somehow
The last thing he will remember when he wakes in the morning is Niamh’s marque as she turns to leave. The graceful gentian flowers climbing up her spine shimmer on her skin, and the bear print haloed between her shoulders feels ancient.
A short time later, Niamh returns and Ansell slips out quietly. She picks up the second glass of wine from the sideboard and leans against the window frame by John. She is, quite simply, exquisite. Her dark brown curls are pulled up in lover’s haste knot, but escaped tendrils fall gracefully across her neck. Her pale skin takes on the warm tone of the room and her eyes dance in the candle light. Her bright, sudden smile dimples her cheeks.
“If you get any more irritated you’re going to anger everyone to the point that they won’t talk to you, and Lucien can’t afford for that to happen. Please.”
“That won’t be necessary. I need to speak with Molly. It’s urgent but I won’t keep her away long.”
“Happy birthday, Princess.” John hugs her back just as enthusiastically. When they separate she looks up at Sherlock.
And so many had been ripped asunder by it.
~ ~ ~
~ ~ ~
A few moments later, Sherlock sets down two glasses of wine on the small table between their chairs and sees a long box wrapped in brown parcel paper sitting on his. A small, printed script across the top addresses it “Sherlock, 221 Baker Street”.
For all that he wants to hate this place, for all that he despises the gods who dwell here, he finds the cobblestone and white stone surrounding him almost comforting. He walks aimlessly, resting in this small bit of peace. A thread of Sebastian lives here. He once called this home.
Of them both coming home alive, because James fighting by his side might have been enough.
as well
“What is your name, child?” John’s voice is steady and gentle, his face as kind as he can make it in the circumstances.
Sebby smiles, uncertainty fading. He pushes himself off the ledge and splashes into the water. He surfaces an arm’s length from James, and catches James’ gaze with his own before speaking. “You are far more than nothing. I could never forget you.”
~ ~ ~
~ ~ ~
Gentian House has more than just a true dreamer among its adepts, yet Sherlock is content with that being all he knows until John wishes otherwise.
John came home later than usual last night, and a little drunk. Sherlock must remember to thank Lestrade for that. Alcohol doesn't solve anyone's problems, of course, but it made John less guarded. More himself than he has been. Sherlock can often be remarkably single-minded when working, but this was an opportunity not to be wasted. John smiled at him, and he led John to their bed weaving prayers to Naamah into every touch.
He tightens his jaw. Of course Sherlock is right, but that doesn't change anything. They are out of time. Moriarty appearing now is not a coincidence. No, this is the path that John was warned of and he must be vigilant. Which means pulling himself together enough for Sherlock to believe he is capable. How in Elua's name is he supposed to do that when he can't even handle himself against new recruits?
Her face lights up when she sees them. “You’re here!” She throws her arms around John’s neck, pulling him into a tight hug.
The Duc falters. Sherlock repeats his question calmly. “Recommended by whom? It won’t save you, but it might earn you some leniency.”
Elua, he is jumpy today. John usually handles other people when he's working; he is no longer used to giving attention to the outside world.
Sherlock looks wary when he sits. “I see that congratulations are in order. Though that is a large piece to have done all at once – it must be bothering you.”
John thinks a moment and sighs. “I’m not all right. But I’m working on it.”
Sherlock looks up as two kitchen maids walk towards him from the orchards, talking cheerily and carrying a bushel of apples between them. For once today the noise is enough to pull him out of his reverie. He looks past the girls to see the sun nearing the tops of the trees. The day is growing late, and he should get back to John.
“His family, then. Are any of them in the city? Lord Verreuil is the key, but the others may have something useful to offer. Lucien’s as well, and I need to speak with whomever saw him last, and follow his path home from there if we can.” Sherlock is as Sherlock always is on a case – impatient, excited, a bit rude, and thinking in a million directions all at once. In less dire circumstances, John loves to watch him work. It really is extraordinary to see. In this matter, however, he just prays that he finds the answer before another life is lost.
~ ~ ~
“The Night Court? I didn't think that was your sort of thing.”
. He sips warm, spiced wine, watches clouds move across the dark sky, and listens to music that drifts up from the salon on the ground floor.
Lestrade leans back in his chair and closes his eyes. Everyone save the night guard has gone home, leaving him alone with a dull ache in his head quickly taking away his ability to think. He should go home as well. He can’t quite remember when he last slept, but there is nothing unusual in that.
He focuses on a point on the wall and on his breathing until he hears footsteps in the hall. The woman who opens the door is perhaps ten years his junior. She is not D’Angeline, but she is still remarkable in her imperfect beauty. Wild, dark hair falls in curls and waves around a pleasant face. Freckles dance chaotically across her nose and cheeks, and her full, round lips look eager to smile. She wears a loose, flowing robe of white and gold that hints at slender hips and small, round breasts. When she turns to close the door, the low cut back reveals her completed marque. Deep blue gentian flowers grow through a galaxy of freckles up her back to wrap around a full moon between her shoulders. She smiles radiantly when she turns back to John.
John ties his robe and settles into a chair by the window. Niamh’s room is on one of the upper floors, lending to a beautiful view down Mont Nuit with the palace walls rising high in the distance. Ansell returns with a decanter and two glasses, and John does his best to just
Sherlock nods and starts pacing the small foyer. The initiate slips quietly down the hallway.
“Of course, sir.” He considers John for a moment, his eyes intelligent and discerning. “I know of just the one. If you will excuse me, I will go find her for you.”
John smiles as they walk towards the great hall. The palace is brightly lit, and its hallways are filled with fall flowers. Dahlias, mostly – painted ladies, camelias, anemones, and pompons are all beautifully arranged in vases or worked into strung garlands. Most everyone in the city knows dahlias are the Dauphine’s favorite flower, and those close to her know that she favors pompons most, but as John walks past one of the round, elegant blooms he realizes that he is probably the only person other than Sybille herself that knows why. It’s because of Sebastian, of course, and it makes John happy to see that she wants them around her today.
“Right.” He drops his hand to his side. “Well, I'm glad to have met you all the same. Aren't you the same Watson that once guarded the Dauphine?”
“What, John? We have no time to waste.”
“Sherlock?”
His heart slows; his mind clears. The life he might have had will never happen. There is no point in wasting time on it. Even here, in the heart of the city he might have called home.
“All right.”
“Nothing. But we’ve just started searching the scene and the rest of the house. If we can manage it I don’t want to question Henri until he’s had some time to recover.”
“The name, my lord.”
James lets out the breath he is holding in a huff of a laugh. “We are D’Angeline, Sebby. ‘Love as thou wilt.’ If I must share your heart with a princess, I will take the lesser half and be eternally grateful that I was allowed so much.”
All but one, anyway.
“How are you, really?”
was lighting up in each of them, but they were both too scared of what it meant to let it be serious. It was always playing, just practicing, experimenting, never real lust, never real love.
Sherlock moans and shifts his weight forward, pushing John off balance while holding him close with a hand on his back. In one swift motion, his twists them both so that John lands on his back with Sherlock above him. Bits of porcelain crush under John’s naked back, sending brilliant fire shooting through his nerves. He gasps at the pain and Sherlock smiles. Ethereal blue eyes look down at him, dark and stormy with need. They devour him.
Instead, he was treated as if he were made of glass. He was led to a quiet, shuttered room where the housekeeper herself removed his bandage and cleaned his wound with a cloth soaked in some ointment which stung but left him feeling more composed. She re-bandaged him and instructed servants to bring warm water and towels.
“It’s our district. They all know us,” Lydia observed tranquilly.
. Startled, Charles halted his mare with much less grace. They stood in silence, looking at the little group. Miss Duplessis’ mouth widened in a ‘O’; initially an ‘O’ of pleased surprise, but changing rapidly to alarm. Charles’ eyes flicked sideways. Darcy was staring straight at the young officer, who stared back in turn. It reminded Charles of two dogs facing off against each other, with fur due to fly any moment.
“I’ve one daughter being married within the hour and maybe another tomorrow. Somehow I didn’t think it would feel like this.” She burst into tears.
impossible. Form letters they might be, but her uncle had written them and seen them delivered, even from Gaaldine. Replies might be managed, somehow.
Frances raised a puzzled eyebrow.
Wickham settled himself on the sopha, in an attitude nicely judged between supplication and weariness.
“If I hear her tell me – in her own voice – that she agrees to you sending her to Castle Cavron, then I shall not oppose you. But please, do your utmost and also ask Anthea to do what she can to protect her good name along the way.”
Those dark brows reached even higher. “True. By the same token, I sincerely
Her voice was slow, her tone deliberate, as if she tasted each word before she spoke it.
“Oh,” Harriet exclaimed. "I had thought –”
she had read her daughter aright, surely just this once? Penelope, too, whose judgement was always so nice? Words tumbled from her lips, unstoppable.
Georgiana cleared her throat.
yet failed. If he could only deliver Miss Darcy to Deadholm Barracks much of the impending disaster, which weighed like incipient thunder in his ears and made his limbs flounder, might be averted.
no doubt. Harriet suppressed a snort of amusement. As if Lizzie would pay the smallest attention to her opinion.
She rang the bell; the servant made haste to bring in a cold collation and a chilled flask of the dry, aromatic, local wine.
“Not wise.” Molly rose to her feet in a flowing gesture her aunt had long urged her to practise, but for the first time achieved successfully. She reached out and, in the face of all the goggling courtiers, took Lady Agnes’ hands in both of hers.
Harriet left Lizzie by the west door of the Cathedral of SS Geraldine and Augusta, giving her the kind of loud, fussy instructions as to what to see and when she should rejoin her at their lodgings which any mama might offer when allowing her daughter a morning’s freedom to see the capital’s sights while she herself attended to her devotions.
Nonetheless, he was the only hope the incarcerated Georgiana Darcy had. And this time he was not going to fail in his mission.
“Nothing of that sort. I find myself quite without appetite.” She rose resolutely to her feet. “Miss Duplessis, there seemed to be a prettyish kind of a little wilderness on one side of your lawn. I should be glad to take a turn in it, if you will favour me with your company.”
“The King’s justice? Perhaps you sense justice would be better served had we a Queen on the throne?”
He ignored the sounds of the Bishop’s arrival, and went down the backstairs to the securely barred cellars, where Vernon, the clerk, and McAllister were methodically sorting through the loot from the convoy and making notes in a ledger: gold, silver, a fifteenth century bronze Triton, packages of pepper, cinnamon, civet and a waxy lump of ambergris. To one side, as Julian had ordered, were set communion vessels, a monstrance like a great gold sunburst set with rock crystal, and two elaborately bejewelled and enamelled reliquaries, ready to be returned to their owner.
“Never said you’d want to. Just pointed out that you
“Perhaps,” she essayed, “something could be contrived when Lady Catherine goes to Court? Perhaps when Miss Hooper returns to Gondal Town, her aunt will return with her?”
so love a wedding, and I fear we may have a very
She neither confirmed nor denied his guess, but ploughed straight ahead, as if she feared her courage might fail at any moment.
What could this officer possibly have to do with Georgiana?
And now to turn the matter round like that! Holy Virgin, he was going to have to admit in front of Darcy – Darcy, who never took any step without considering it from all angles, Darcy who with a reputed income of thirty thousand thalers per year was more prudent than a younger son on a strict father’s allowance – that he had signed the lease of Netherfield before leaving Longbourn. Could he even give it up at the next quarter day? There had been something about minimum lease terms in the document the attorney had put before him, but he could recall nothing of the details.
Without asking, Elizabeth knew those brothers had not come back.
“I do not know his
Mr Bingley was not mentioned at all; Miss Bingley only in passing, and with mild disappointment at her perfunctory attentions to Jane in Town and her cold and repulsive manners. Nevertheless, a sense of quiet, stoically borne unhappiness steamed off every line Jane had written. How dare Mr Darcy boast of his triumph in separating Jane and Mr Bingley, when this was the result?
but it was not yet time, it seemed. The dark figure kneeling at the front did not stir, but his arrival had been noted. After a moment, he stepped forward and knelt beside his cousin, lips shaped to utter the time-smoothed words from which, on this night of all nights, he received no comfort.
Having devoted his life to rising in his trade, he had now achieved the pinnacle of his ambition and found, like many before him, such elevation was a cold and lonely place. Mrs King, uniting a knowledge of the ropemaker’s mysteries and a warm, confiding personality, would have been precisely the woman to win his heart, even leaving aside her handsome house and prospering business. Mrs King, too, was far from unwilling to make a second matrimonial experiment, once she had ascertained that Milord di Sidonia cherished no unreasonable expectations that his wife would withdraw into idle gentility once the ring reached her finger.
“I’d give 500 thalers to be able to say different, my lady, but though I didn’t see either man go off the bridge, I spoke to those as did.”
your attitude is protective, almost paternal, suggesting that the writer is young: someone for whom you both feel the responsibility of a close relative and in whose own parents you place little confidence.
“Where is that man now?” The other’s voice was silky smooth, but Giulio saw the pit opening beneath him, nonetheless.
However, after four days it appeared even this slight relief would be lost to her. With a mixture of chagrin and perverse pride Mr Collins returned from Rosings to say that Lady Catherine’s ward, Miss Molly Hooper, was due on the morrow.
“How can I say, if I don’t know where we’re going?”
Even so, Darcy dropped his voice. “There is nothing you could do otherwise than what you are doing, since Armstrong is a tenant on the Netherfield estate. But have a care. It may be no more than an over-officious young officer exceeding his brief and doing so with scant courtesy. But be alert, in case it is someone who – seeks an occasion.”
“Then, suppose you let me and the Quarter-Mistress in to see him.”
acknowledged at its true worth.
for three whole regiments, the best part of two and a half thousand men. This entire day can have cost Lady Abruzzi not a cent less than ten thousand thalers. Many noblemen of Gondal would consider that a good year’s income.”
Ghostly thoughts for an All Souls Eve, indeed. The Queen dead these ten years, the King laid to rest beside her mere weeks ago, and John as good as dead, far away across the border with never a word of farewell or remembrance to her.
“Do I understand, your grace, that you wish me to appear to have less facility at speaking your language than I do? And to encourage Ch- your wife to secretly improve her English, so she can converse with you and the King with less risk of being understood by eavesdroppers?”
She looked down demurely. “I am delighted our opinions coincide so nicely, sir. It is rare in my experience. A decade ago, when Colonel Moran first paid his addresses, my aunt was puzzled – and not a little angered – when I refused him. But now it hardly matters. To avoid such issues in future, my brother proposes to settle the lands sequestrated from the Duke of Malham upon me as my dower lands. He summons me to Court so he may endow them with all speed. What, sir, am I to do?”
loud, in that one’s case.”
“Why?” Only after the word had been spilt, irrevocably, across this shuttered room did it occur to him that his question was outrageously impertinent.
She burst into tears and for a few minutes could not speak another word.
Which Mama, either from mischief or from maladroitness, countered by observing that, given the pool of suitors even for the Crown Princess had proved self-evidently shallow and foetid, parents of daughters of lesser degree had all the more duty to exert themselves on the matter, and perhaps
"Are you alright?"
"Not what you were expecting to hear? Yes, I know."
"That I love parties."
"I'd say you should go for it."
John took a deep breath and then released it. "No," he said simply.
The party was being held in the event room of a modest hotel in Notting Hill. The room was spacious and airy and Sherlock was surprised Lestrade and the gang went through the trouble of reserving such a room. Its open-concept allowed Sherlock to purvey the room from the bar. He spotted John off to the side, standing in front of a large window, drink in hand, chatting with a woman Sherlock had not cared to notice before. John was being as distant as ever, avoiding Sherlock whenever possible, making excuses to head to the washroom or the bar whenever he sensed Sherlock was on his way to approach him. Sherlock was exasperated. Not only was John ignoring him, he was leaving him to fend for himself in a room full of people wishing to...
Sherlock turned his face into John's shoulder and chuckled, his eyes crinkling as he grinned. He felt John laughing contently against him and suddenly Sherlock felt like he was on top of the world. The idea of this party John had been persuading him to attend no longer seemed like a chore. Hell, even having Mycroft over didn't even sound half bad. At this thought, Sherlock suddenly started to wonder if dancing caused the brain to release any euphoric hormones that could be responsible for such an outrageous thought. Nevertheless, Sherlock felt uncharacteristically overjoyed with his nose rubbing against the cotton sleeve of John's jumper as they lied down on the floor together. He closed his eyes and breathed in the scent of the sitting room, of the floorboards, of John.
"No, my family was never big on birthdays. We never hosted parties to celebrate them and, come to think of it, we rarely even acknowledged each other's birthdays."
"That's the spirit. Go get your blogger!" Lestrade raised his beer glass and chuckled at what he was saying.
"I'm not sure I agree with that logic."
"Well, Sherlock, I can't imagine that two blokes who claim to be in a purely platonic friendship cuddle all of the time." Lestrade took another long swig of beer.
"No, no, no," Sherlock let the word quietly fall from his mouth in disbelief as he skimmed over the message John was threatening to send. "No, absolutely not."
“Of course not. How silly of me,” Sherlock said with a grin as he pulled his phone out of his pocket. With lightning speed, he searched the internet for a
Before anyone or anything could stop him, Sherlock took John's face in both hands and pressed their lips together. It wasn't a long kiss but it proved its point. It was quick but powerful, full of a type of desire Sherlock did not know he was even capable of. John's lips were soft against his, unresponsive at first, but slowly reciprocating before Sherlock ended the kiss. John's eyes, which went wide with shock, had shut sometime during the kiss. They opened the moment Sherlock broke the contact.
They found themselves sprawled out on the floor several minutes later, their chests rising and falling quickly after all of the dancing and their foreheads slick with sweat. Sherlock was already feeling the after-effects of a pulled muscle.
Sherlock sighed into the kiss, deepening it as he took John's face in his hands. Their mouths moved in unison as one kiss merged into the next. Sherlock lost himself in the sublime sensation of John's lips and tongue pressing against his and found himself unable to think of anything but the man in front of him.
"You what?"
He chased after John, pushing past the crowd until he found himself in the hotel's lobby, receiving a series of odd looks from the hotel’s staff.
"It was accidental, of course. A conscious action, perhaps, but nothing was meant by it. However, it seems to have offended him gravely."
Sherlock took a long, dramatic breath and pushed himself up from the stool. What was he even going to say? What was there to say? He dismissed these thoughts, deciding to worry about them after he completed the daunting task of crossing over the dance floor to where John was standing. He would worry about what happened when he got there. He launched himself through the dancing crowd and maneuvered his way to John with an inexplicable confidence he had mastered ages ago. He barely faltered when he found himself standing in front of John.
The party wasn't as menacing and utterly horrific as Sherlock imagined it would be. The first hour, like John had said before, consisted mainly of socializing and casual drinking which Sherlock chose not to take part in. He couldn't see the appeal of tedious pleasantries and fake congratulations being thrown about. It wasn't as if any of the members of Scotland Yard truly wished to thank him for his work. He didn't solve their cases just be nice. He helped them as a way of entertaining himself, not them. Regardless, he withstood his fair share of compliments and astonished comments referring to his accomplishment of solving one hundred cases. After the twelfth congratulatory comment, Sherlock decided it was time to check out the bar.
"That's it! That's it!" John said enthusiastically.
Then, after a minute of uncomfortable silence accompanied by John’s restless flicking through the newspaper’s pages, he spoke up again. “Would you at least tell me why?”
"So, what was it?"
"I'm so bloody tempted not to tell you why but I suppose you have the right to know. We're having company over for dinner." John exclaimed with far too much delight for Sherlock's liking.
"Sherlock," John said as if there was something Sherlock wasn't understanding. "People will talk."
"Nope," John replied happily. "Either tonight or not at all."
This must not have been Lestrade's first beer of the night because based on that comment alone he must have been far more drunk than Sherlock realized. It was absolutely preposterous that Lestrade could come to such a conclusion. John being in love with him? Impossible. John wasn't even gay. Or, at least he claimed that he wasn't whenever someone suggested that he was. But even if John wasn't entirely straight, there was no way he thought of Sherlock as anything more than a close friend, if that.
John let out a sigh as he went back to his breakfast.
"'Go for it', as in what?"
John smiled against Sherlock's shoulder. "Yeah, uh, sorry about that, by the way. I wanted to talk to you. I wanted to tell you all of this, but I couldn't figure out how. I spent the last few days trying to convince myself I wasn't attracted to you and it was just my mind playing tricks on me and that I was still the same old heterosexual bloke I've always thought I was."
"Wait! Stop, seriously, stop!" Sherlock watched as John paused his motion to send the message and looked up at him. Sherlock closed his eyes, letting out a small wavering breath before everything came out in one big, unplanned clump of a confession. "I can't go to this party because I have never been to a party. Not once. Let alone, a party that has been held in my honour. Frankly, I don't know what the word 'party' even entails. Dancing? Drinking? Eating? Singing? Talking? Touching? Who knows! I wouldn't know! The great Sherlock Holmes—the world's only consulting detective and the world's only man who has never been to any sort of party in his whole bloody life!"
"John, do you have to do that now?" Sherlock said quickly with a clipping annoyance.
"Made John realize what?"
"I don't know what is up with you tonight."
“Ah, so you must have a reason then.”
By the time Saturday rolled around, John had spoken to Sherlock a total of three times. All brisk, meaningless chitchat, nothing like the way they had spoken to each other the day John was teaching him how to dance. Sherlock couldn’t make sense of it. One day they were laughing together like they were the only two people in the world and the next, John was giving him the cold shoulder as if he were a complete stranger. It was very odd behaviour.
"Why is that necessary?"
“What kind of dancing?”
"I meant you're always doing things that make people think we're a couple. Always. And I'm always the one who has to tell people we're not. You never say a bloody thing! You just leave it to me to set things straight."
John just shook his head, a dry, humourless laugh escaping his lips. "Oh yeah, you're certainly right about that."
button, but it was enough to send Sherlock into total panic mode.
"No, I'm not. That was the first time I kissed you."
The wind picked up after a moment, awakening them from their peaceful trance. "We should go back inside," Sherlock said.
Sherlock held his breath as he waited for John to continue.
Maybe it was the look John was giving him, or maybe it was the dance music that was still blaring through the flat, but Sherlock suddenly found himself unable to hold in the laughter that was bubbling inside of him. John followed suit with a burst of giggles that sent Sherlock over the edge as he found himself smiling a wide grin and strolling back over to John.
"Never?" John echoed in small, calm voice. "You have never been to a party before?"
"Look up," John said suddenly, directing his attention to the sky above them. Sherlock couldn't figure out what John was looking at for a moment, not until he saw a handful of snowflakes travelling through the air. The handful turned into bucketfuls as they gazed at the dark sky together.
, thought Sherlock.
John gave Sherlock a pointed look, raising an expectant eyebrow at him.
"Yes, I suppose it does."
“John, I refuse to bargain with you about something so pointless.”
“No,” Sherlock said quickly, not missing a beat.
"Since the beginning, I've felt this pull towards you, Sherlock. My life was so ordinary before I met you and then suddenly, there you were, bringing me into this wildly exciting life of crime-solving and criminal-chasing and I just couldn't get enough of it. I told myself that it was nothing more than a desire for a bit of danger in my life but now I know better." John paused, closing his eyes and taking another long breath. "Christ, this is hard to say out loud. Sherlock, it wasn't the danger I was drawn to. It was you. It's always been you. And I've been brushing it off for so long, coming up with excuses, ignoring whatever it was that I've always felt for you but...I can't do it anymore."
“Here. Brandy will steady you.”
“At once, Horatio.”
“He may yet be traced. He and a companion, a youth called Francisco, who, judging by his accent, was not from any of the three kingdoms, arrived in Elbe from Gaaldine aboard an argosy, the
The door closed behind him, and Elizabeth was alone with her thoughts.
my niece’s matter. Go back to your own house, boy, and await my message. Oh, drop that flapping, Paterson. It’s not his uniform the King’s going to be interested in. Order my carriage brought round. And send a footman ahead. We must wait upon his Grace at the earliest possible opportunity.”
Darcy nodded, but Colonel Fitzwilliam knew the impossibility of explaining such things to a civilian. Better to concentrate on what his cousin could understand.
to the War Office. To my father the Earl. He has a seat in the King’s Council; his voice will be heard if anyone’s is.” He looked down again at the camp. “We may still end in disaster, but I will have no-one say we slept while it happened.”
Molly shifted her stance and became once more herself, neither a symbol or a phantom but most truly an enigma.
The giant laughed. “
The district was too small to be exclusive. A father in trade would not have been a great handicap to Miss King’s social success. A mother engaged likewise was an eccentricity too great to be borne. Save with a handful of families of the second rank, she and her mother did not dine out and Elizabeth knew Miss King principally from the public balls of Meryton and her Aunt Phillips’s larger and less select gatherings.
“It hardly feels so. Though, at least, I am acquiring greater facility with the language. Regrettably, perhaps.”
“Even when I elope with a cottager, the loft above the cow stall will always be yours,” Elizabeth had joked.
Their leader nodded. “In there.”
Darcy appeared suddenly to come to himself. “Thank you for this intelligence. I shall send my report to the King, and you, I think, should concentrate on your recovery.”
He adjusted his eyeglasses, polished them, read and read again. Her every nerve crawled at his delay. The courier had, on her order, been taken down to the kitchens, expansively fed and given their best ale. Nonetheless, an answer must be written soon, and if Clarence had a genius, it was for procrastination.
“I disagree with John about shutting down the correspondence. It is too good an opportunity to miss. We can spread confusion among our enemies, and tease out information they may not suspect they are giving. Accordingly, I need you to do two things. First, I will translate the letter John received. Then, I request you read it: read it as yourself, both in original and translation. Your insights as to what its writer meant are invaluable. You have more in common with John’s niece than any of the rest of us; even more than Charis.”
Captain Lennox’s face changed. He stepped aside, and uttered a low-voiced command to the duty officer, who saluted and vanished.
“I take it you will have heard of the affair at the Reaching Beck Bridge?” Julian said.
Happily her mother loudly decreed that her daughters and the two gentlemen should “Go out, take advantage of this open weather, go and lose yourselves in the district” and Mr Bingley, with the alacrity of an acknowledged and indulged suitor, declared himself at one with the programme. Mary declined; Kitty they lost at Lucas Lodge, and – Mr Bingley and Jane finding all-too-frequent excuses to dawdle over some rare woodland plant, strange fungus, or antique inscription on a way stone – she and Mr Darcy rapidly outwalked their companions.
