Tony and Steve went all out on the Halloween theme. Pumpkins with spooky-silly faces sat on each table as a centerpiece. The normally white clothes were switched with black ones and the crystal flutes were exchanged for plastic goblets varying in color and design. Steve held one with an old fashioned green witch and her familiar on it flying over the moon on a broomstick. Tony’s was a mummy in pharaoh’s robes.
And then, when all hopes of language seem lost, Peter draws a symbol. It is the Midgardian call for their warriors: the Avengers.
“Tell me,” Loki says.
He stopped just short out of Anthony's line of vision.
The former Winter Soldier learned that the first time.
Tony coiled himself in and felt cold. The heat was turned up to 82◦ and he felt cold.
“Cute,” says Bucky.
MY NAME IS PETER PARKER-STARK-ROGERS. NICE TO MEET YOU.
“You stink in more ways than one, kid,” he mutters.
“I don’t know if Stark’s coming to see you, but Peter will.”
“Utro, tetya Nat,” Peter says, sounding out each word carefully.
“Gwen, his new friend, goes there.”
“What did this Ursa say,” Mr. Happy says. He looks at Peter in the mirror.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You were the shadow,” he says.
The war's over for the village and his king. Yet, Steve has not let go.
"I'd say a drink is in order," he nods. Loki walks away and Thor shrugs to follow. Steve breathes and follows these strange men.
“Don’t call me that! Don’t pretend to fucking care,” Bucky yelled.
"I cannot abandon this place, for if I could, I would have left this forest long ago in search of my people," he says. Tears come to his eyes, glistening down his round face like moondance.
Steve nods. The voice is clear and crisp almost childlike.
He grabbed his face and made him look into those blue eyes. Bucky shook.
“Bullshit. Peter’ll be top of the class by the third day.”
"It would make me a fine chair or table from this sturdy stuff," he mutters. Steve feels the wood. It grates against his hard hand and suddenly joy comes to him. He has not felt this in ages.
Tony grunted and continued his research on Peter’s file. He also went through several hundred gigabytes of data with JARVIS to see what websites a teenaged spider-boy might visit. Luckily, Peter was enrolled in online courses under his pseudo name: Benjamin Fitzpatrick. Tony went through the assignments and scoffed at a few of them for the immense simplicity. Peter was obviously smarter from the answers and worksheets Tony read through.
“I am a son of Odin. A god, you dull child. I am the one who brought this world to its knees and the Mightiest Heroes almost lost their lives because of ME!”
Bucky froze. He froze with Sam Wilson staring behind him.
Tony uses his self-control not to shoot him in the face. Instead, he lifts his faceplate, glaring at the man. It does nothing (obviously).
Peter sat alone in the atrium as the other kids gathered in groups for lunch. He did not mind. This being his second science camp the sting did not hurt so much of being outted. Peter took out his Captain America tin box with his food. Mr. Coulson had given it to him for Christmas.
“They won’t send give me away,” Peter says, brokenly hopeful.
(See the end of the chapter for
By now, he’s heard everything and “borrowed” the contents of the suit case. He also “borrowed” Pepper’s laptop and read the email. Through all this, the only person to notice him was that kid.
It took Steve a few seconds, but he caught.
Steve stops in his actions. He shakes, tears streaking down his cheeks. The shirt in his hands bunges up.
(See the end of the chapter for
It's back.
Fury nods and waits. Tony and Steve are confused until they both have an epiphany.
“Tony? Honey?”
“Drink this.”
Their friends do notice they are happier. Tony thinks it is because they believe he and Steve have gotten over their “mourning period.”
“You should. Address, Stark.”
The mansion is quieter. Bruce notes this as he enters. There’s no one to greet him in the foyer and he cannot sense any eyes on him. That is good for what he’s about to do, but odd for the atmosphere.
“Damn, kid! You’re like finding a hostile in a Doombot attack,” he exclaims.
“New York. I’m getting Tony back and apologizing to Peter.”
“Oh,” she says. “I’m sorry. About earlier.” She blushes and smiles sweetly at them.
Fandral scrunched his face and then picked up the quiet patter of feet running.
Peter vibrates on his feet a big grin on his face taking the roll. Bruce’s eyes bulge in alarm.
The suit’s now inoperable for 24 hours.
The woman’s face scrunches like a sour taste when Thor ate wasabi.
Waiting outside the Hall of Science for Happy to arrive, Peter saw Gwen get in a car with a light on it. He waved goodbye to her as they drove pass. Peter stood with his backpack and lunch watching the sky and the clouds form swirls.
“Good. Make sure he knows we know and to keep that man under wraps,” Fury says.
He took immense joy in Wong’s startled reaction. Seldom did Stephen have that advantage over the other.
“Oh, by Odin, you are the child of Midgard’s heroes. Which ones?”
Fury groaned. Coulson was doing no better as he almost ogled the Cap’s kid. He stood off to the side, like Fury, but still clutching that gift from the first party.
Loki only hums as he passes the bridge out the island city. His hideout is further away and it helps that the boy is mostly quiet. Once out of the immediate New York sky, Loki talks.
, Bucky thinks.
“no the toaster oven was made in China…..It’s not a freakin’ spy…..damn it, just read the instructions…..No, no, no…..come one man I’m at a wedding……”
Odin stood, Frigga behind him, and said, “Oh, Young Peter! Welcome to Asgard!”
“I am not the director anymore, Coulson. I’m a man with a few good people doing everything to keep the world from burning. James Buchanan Barnes was a good man too before he was messed up. Since his emancipation, there has been no sighting of him beyond harassing a superfamily. I think he’s better off like this.” Fury finishes his cup.
Steve still chuckled whenever he saw Dr. Jello and Mr. Hyde-berry.
“I see them too. I see them and I want to rip the world apart. I saw them when you became Iron Man.”
“Peter likes you.”
Harry held on in the hug as if it would be the last of Peter. The boy in turn, starting to sniffle a bit. Tony would chuckle at the best friends’ dramatics if Norman Osborn did not loom over them. It may just well be the last time the two saw each other, what with Osborn threatening to steal Harry away if they he and Steve are ever together in front of the boys.
He recalled the conversation with Thor:
“I care, dammit. You…you were all I had. For a long time, it was just the two of us. Then the war. But, it was still you and me.” Steve let go and offered his hand. “I have Tony and Peter to think about. It’s not just me Bucky. I will help you, but I can’t force Tony to accept you. That comes later. Right now, his happiness is first. You need to leave before I call Tony.”
“Boys are handsome, not cute,” Peter says.
“I can’t keep this from Tony. I won’t. When he finds out you’ll never see us again,” Steve says. He takes one last puff and puts it out on the sill. He looks at Bucky.
Anthony leaned against. "Go on, please."
Bucky stays in his spot.
“You missed one hell of a party with me,” Tony says deadpan.
Mostly holes and cracks in walls and broken furniture. Things the
“That is too simple of a notion, child. I have taken you from your home and your fathers will not find you. I plan to make you one of my soldiers and to seek others similar to you.”
The blond spotted him first.
“You are dumb; eventually, someone at HYDRA or AIM or whatever acronym will figure out we have a kid. And if, if, we let Peter go to school that’s easier for them to take him.”
“Woah, woah. Peter, what are you trying to do?”
“What things?”
“His school’s a few streets from ours—”
“Nat has a souvenir from one of your run-ins.” The bullet wound in Natasha’s gut is visible in Steve’s eyes. “You were thorough even as a regular soldier.”
Steve looked at Anthony's wrinkled nose. Truly, he would have to watch out for his Willow Man.
He’s angry. There is no doubt. The two of them better have a good reason for taking Peter.
He looked again at Peter’s drawing. They were doing a still-life of plastic flowers one of the volunteers at the VA gave out. She had said bright things were essential to have and decoration eased the transition. Bucky huffed; the few items in his rundown apartment did not pass for decoration. They were necessities; from his table Sam gave him to his pile of history books. The one item which was a luxury was the motorcycle Steve gave all those months ago. And, the scrapbook of newspaper clippings about Steve and his husband. Bucky felt his eye twitch. He squashed the jealously for Peter’s sake.
The memory floats in Tony’s head.
“R.S.V.P for me. I’ll figure it out. I will. I will.”
“It’s fine, just too excited for today, huh, Pete?”
here?” Tony asks. He ignores the information because it cannot be true. Then again, a quick sweep of the room-bottles, bottles, and tissues-has Tony shift in his spot on the unkempt bed.
“Tony, what do you think you’re doing?”
“Oh,” Bruce says.
“Yeah, honestly. He thinks you’re afraid of him,” Tony says from behind Steve in the chair.
8:06 a.m. hate yourself.
Tony agrees as he checks where Peter is; Pooh-JARVIS and him are playing hide-n-seek while Steve sits at a desk and looks ready to give up all hope.
“He has,” Bruce answers. He sags for a moment. “He calls every day asking about you and Peter.”
Tony hands the gift to Peter. He opens it, excited, and it is a picture frame of the three of them on the couch at the Tower.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony,” Happy said. He nudges the man’s shoulder. No reaction is forthcoming. Pepper feels dread pool in her stomach.
The smell wafts in the light breeze of apple tarts and jammy cookies. Anthony gapes and looks down at the treats. He reaches out his arm. This is usually a sign for Steve to hand the Willow Man the new thing. Steve pulls back. Immediately, Anthony reels back onto the branch.
Bucky orders pizza because apparently people are lazy to get their own food. Although, it helps when most nights he can’t drown out the voices in his head telling him to
“I’m not an angel, Tony. I’m not America’s Golden Boy. Never was. That title was given to me and the legend of Captain America. I’m Steve Rogers. I grew up in the slums of Brooklyn and had no father. You know me. You know me better than most.” Steve shifts Tony’s still body in his lap. “Despite everything else, I am a man willing to protect his own. At any cost.”
“He didn’t see May that day, but he saw her at the funeral. He had this blanket and I guess it was from her because he dropped it in the casket,” Steve rubs his hair back.
“Mighty Thor, My King and Queen, and Lady Jane,” Volstagg began. “I Volstagg the Bear of Asgard have the opportunity, ney, the privilege to introduce the son of the Man of Iron and Captain America.”
“Oooooh,” she says, “Puny’s getting better.”
“Yeah,” Peter says. He sips his juice a bit more before taking a smaller bite.
Volstagg searched frantically. One instant the boy was standing to him and then one of the guards, a rude one by that, halted them and had the gall to question Volstagg and his presence. They quarreled for a bit until a smarter guard came to verify Volstagg’s claim.
“All part of parenting,” Tony says. His lips turn up in something.
Phil hesitated.
Hiding Peter was not intentional; in fact the decision was never vocalized. However, it became a necessary after Tony finally got Peter’s medical records and found some oddities.
Peter squeezes his hand. Bruce looks down at the little boy. He’s grown no longer the malnourished kid Steve brought home. Bruce squeezes back as reassurance. Peter looks up brown eyes still so innocent yet soulful.
“I do believe we have an intruder.”
8:05 a.m. cry on the inside for not being there to see your boy.
It is at lunch that the second new name comes.
“What is there to say?” Bucky whispers.
Peter would look up momentarily at the ceiling.
“Mr. Stark, you need to get up,” the drone of Agent says.
The three rush to Peter’s room. Bruce notes it’s the one right across from Tony and Steve’s room.
I can say it lasted longer than most of my fantasies with him.
All which matters is the road ahead and Loki’s deep secreted relief at no longer being alone.
Later, as they flew away from the once evil laboratory, Hawkeye took out his hearing aids.
“Are you fucking kidding me!”
Peter tuned back to his dad. Dad had an angry look on his face and stopped pacing.
“Pops can come,” he says.
Steve takes a breath.
“Don’t cry, pops.”
“You would kill for me,” Tony whispers.
"I tried to kill Bor before her could take away her horns."
"I wanna go home," he said, trembling.
“You’re getting there. What brings you to the kitchen this early, it’s not lunch yet,” Natasha inquires.
It is quiet again.
“Wait, Bruce,” Steve scrambles out of the couch, waking Tony who yelps at Bruce’s presence. “We can explain.”
Steve thinks of it as he again attempts to send the e-vites for Peter’s party. Tony was not happy with that bit of information and the two realized they did not know Peter’s birthdate by heart. They do now, October 15th, and Tony has Steve handling all the party details.
“We can show Peter his Uncle Thor’s house,” Tony mocks good-humoredly.
“The Man of Iron and the Good Captain America, papa,” she says.
“What the hell is going through your head? Bucky, this is Tony’s family. His mother. You killed her under control of HYDRA, but Tony won’t give a shit. He’ll come after you unless you leave now and never come back,” Steve says.
“It was my idea.” Sam tries to assuage the situation.
“I don’t care,” Tony growled. “He was there, Steve. Alone with my son. No matter,” Tony stopped, taking a breath. “No matter the reason Bucky’s still a murderer and a danger.”
JARVIS was his baby. Well, all his A.I.’s were his babies, but JARVIS had exceeded his expectations when he first installed the A.I. in his Malibu house. That was why Tony took him. He needed the voice in the house to feel normal and at home. He made FRIDAY in the timespan between the remote suits and making a human sized terrarium in his family’s old house. FRIDAY was not as sophisticated as JARVIS and had small bugs here and there, but she was adaptable and did the job. Tony left her for the team.
Tony still cringes at that memory. Osborn had walked in on Steve and him sharing a nice kiss while the boys were hanging off of Banner in the living room. The man shouted that it was indecent and kept Harry locked up for three weeks, to where Peter became more withdrawn. Not like it was the first time, but still, each and every separation seemed to dimmer the glow in Peter’s eyes.
“No! Just Widow.”
Steve shoves him away.
“Yeah,” Bruce says. “We’ll have to find him a new one, but for now I think its best he’s tutored by me and JARVIS. And there’s more, but it can wait.”
He sniffs and feels Peter crying against his chest.
“Keeping Peter a secret was…not on purpose,” Steve groveled at the glares he was getting.
“You know I have to tell Tony. You know he’ll come after you. Bucky, answer me, please,” Steve pleads.
The kitchen was in its chaos for the conference and the boy hid too well. The cooks halted in respect of Sif and bowed, but she was busy looking for the boy.
Tony tries but clearly Agent needs him in top shape for the man handles him until he is positioned upright.  A tube is pressed against his lips.
“Yeah,” Steve says. He sniffs and holds Tony tighter. “We can’t let them beat us. You can’t let them hurt you. They can’t hurt you anymore. Peter’s okay. He’ll be okay.”
marathon? Steve, you know Peter’s getting singled out for being new kid
The two stop outside the door. Steve inhales softly, hearing Peter’s full voice. Tony, he knows, shakes behind him.
“No. You have a reason to be suspicious. I…I wasn’t well before,” Steve says.
“Not good and not worse, Rhodesby,” said daddy.
Peter has a confused look on his face.
Loki sighs of boredom on the bed. He put Peter on the lounge chair with a blanket and pillow. Loki returns to his window gazing. A chipmunk passes by with another chasing it. Loki rolls his eyes. Midgardian wildlife has no mischief in it. He looks to Peter, who sits cross legged on the floor, folding the newspaper into hats. Loki has some books, but not for mortals’ eyes. Peter has read the articles that have gathered on Loki’s property. He has read through a fair amount. When he finishes, he makes the newspapers into hats, or boats, or he cuts them with the scissors Loki has for the kitchen.
“Yeah,” said Steve.
Peter looks up abruptly. He blinks a few times and coughed.
He goes through the boy’s entire book collection until he gets to George.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony stares at Steve. His Steve.  His husband and second father to Peter. Tony grabs the man’s stupid perfect collared shirt and squeezes it in his hands.
“I went to the museum,” says the man.
Bucky sways on the hammock. The weather’s getting to be chilly outside with fall in full swing for now though the midday is warm enough for an old man lie down in the breeze. He opens his eyes to the slightest sound. Bucky bolts up. Standing a few feet away is Stark. Behind Stark is Steve.
“Really,” Steve whispers.
Peter who looked more confused before now has the most devastated frown on his face. Tony is aware why Peter knows his parents are being crazy, but the boy has too much curiosity for his own good. And yeah, the tension from this morning and the screaming in the work room probably weren’t endearing.
"Steve! Oh, I know you're there. Please, come talk to me."
“Like what you did for my daddy,” Peter said.
He fell on the hard floor. Where else did he belong?
“Oh, honey. Our arachno-kid won’t understand till he’s dealing with acne.”
“I’m here too,” Tony says.
Small ghosts and spiders hung from the chandeliers and this time, both parents caught Peter before he could start to climb.
Bucky ignores his fighter instincts and relaxes. Eventually, Steve lets go. Bucky looks at him. There is life in that miserable face, but it is muted. Hollow almost.
In that instant, Natasha hands him a piece of string. It is a roll of fishing line string.
“Time to get ready for bed, sport,” he whispers.
“Never, Pete. You’re the best thing to happen to me since Steve,” Tony says. This is all so sappy, but he is glad for it.
Thor chuckled heartily and gave Loki a chaste kiss.
Fury observed as it brought him closer to Peter. Coulson placed the gift down and returned promptly.
He looked around the room and saw the eyepatch glaring at him. Norman gave him a fake smile and returned to watching the kids.
“Nah-ah, first, tell me where you were last Wednesday? You know, when we were supposed to have our meeting.”
“Do you-do you even remember them?” Stark asks.
Steve takes a breath. "I understand. I do," he reassures from Anthony's  glare. "It may not be the same, but I have lost many. My comrades and close friends in battle. Our King is a wise man, but he is no strategist. That was my path. I lead many battles and won...at great costs to myself and my soldiers. So many never returned." Steve took another breath, shaking this time.
“I’ll be smart,” Peter says.
*****
“Yes,” the lady confirms as if Tony should be knowing this already. “For Joseph’s operation. Steven’s father.”
The lights in the clear blue water give it a crystal effect, especially on nights like this.
He wonders what Tony would think if he knew Steve was still reminiscing the night before. Picturing him naked.
Hogan stands in the control room, unable to take his eyes off of Tony. He only flinches slightly when he feels a hand on his back.
There is absolutely no way he can keep up with Tony – or any of these people for that matter.
“So,” Steve moves into Tony’s offered open arm, “what are you gonna do now?”
Steve’s hand falls between their bodies and Tony holds his breath.
Tony grins, crossing his arms over his chest looking every bit as challenging as Steve feels.
Steve slips out of bed, slips on his clothes and slips the SD card out of the camera and into his pocket before making a silent escape.
The bed is larger than any Steve has ever seen, more round than square and the mirrored ceiling is only slightly less daunting than what’s perched on a heavy blackwood table facing the pillows. The lens cap is off but the device is not on, the lack of red light tells Steve this. The video camera’s presence itself tells Steve that Tony hadn’t been joking about actually making a sex tape at all. But all uncertainty evaporates when Tony’s arm comes around his waist, glass of scotch in hand, mouth hot against the back of Steve’s neck.
“Your father is just concerned about you, Tony,” Maria says, placing a hand on her husband’s arm. “We’re all thinking about what’s best for you.”
“Humor me,” Pepper shoots back.
“Where is everyone?” Tony asks with a yawn as he enters the kitchen.
Concern for him?
Steve can’t help but smile as he watches his father inspect the thin tube that’s pierced into his arm. As he twists his arm around, Joseph Rogers winces slightly, but seems to be more concerned about whether or not all his tattoos were still in tacked. Steve looks at Tony who seems uncharacteristically uncomfortable. He’s grateful for the encouraging smile that Tony manages followed by a gentle push towards the hospital bed.
Maria’s heart sinks when Tony’s eyes finally meet her own. There’s no mistaking his desperate effort to hold back tears. It’s almost too unbearable to witness. Knowing that her husband has everything to do with it. Admitting that she could’ve prevented it from getting this far.
“What?” Steve asks without looking back.
Tony seems to take it as invitation enough to grind down against Steve and Steve is only half surprised to feel the other boy as hard as he is.
“Bed, Tony,” Steve whispers firmly, and Tony can’t help the shudder that ripples through him. Steve’s words, Steve’s actions, Steve’s intentions all rushing straight to his cock. He wonders if the two of them can make it to Hogan’s spare room without being noticed.
Steve had thought that the only thing worse than the
Steve rolls his eyes. “Not tonight, Ms., Wanda.”
“I kinda had to stop off at Stan Lee’s studio first.” Tony shrugs casually. He picks up the plate of donuts that his father had placed aside and resumes eating.
“I’ll be there in ten,” Steve nods, feeling a thrilling sort of warmth burst throughout his chest. Growing more when he notices a ghost of a smile touch Tony’s lips, lips that he’s been starving to taste ever since the last moment he was permitted to kiss them.
Steve quickly remedies that by flicking the light switch on, eliminating all intimacy from the situation.
Tony shakes his head as he steps out of the elevator. He can feel Hogan on his heel as he makes his way into the reception area. It became reflex a long time ago to pull his baseball cap down really low and stay hidden in the material of his hoodie whenever people walk past. It was annoying to him in the beginning, but now it’s just second nature, so as two little girls with their father come strolling towards the elevator, Tony stays veiled as best as he could.
“It makes a big difference.”
“Mrs. Cart- I’m sorry, Sharon,” Steve carefully changes the subject, “I know I don’t really have a lot of money and probably not even the experience you’re looking for. But, I’m kind of just asking for a chance here. I’ll give you as much as I can…everything I have. I’m really desperate.”
Steve’s stomach heats up a little more.
“And it will start hundreds of homosexual ones too,” Hogan frowns. “Am I the only one who sees this?”
“It’s a
too.”
“Screenplay, screenplay,” Lee mumbles to himself, carelessly shuffling past it a couple of times before grabbing it and holding it in Tony’s direction.
“We have to do some re-casting,” Lee sighes, not liking any of this one bit. “So it’s just postponed until further notice.”
“He did,” Howard confirms. “Listen, Tony, I know you must feel really bad right now, but what’s important to know is that the people who still care about you, the ones who always have, are still here. Why do you think I had Hogan and Pepper on your tail, I was concerned.”
“I need no explanation from you either,” Howard shrugs steadily. “I did not intend for this meeting to be long.”
Steve wipes his sweaty palms on his jeans, having no control over the way his leg is bouncing up and down. The clock on the wall is ticking far too loudly and the look he’s getting every now and then as Sharon pages through his portfolio is completely unnerving.
All he can do is forget about any correlation he’d ever had with any of the Stark’s for good.
Tony feels his stomach drop, hope dying completely. He wonders when the hell he’s going to catch a break.
“I’ll be alright,” Steve forces a smile, because Bucky looks as though he’s actually going to hug him. But as Steve takes the long taxi drive home, he wonders who he was really trying to convince. As he sinks into his bed for a much needed nap, he’s certain he’d been lying to Bucky and himself altogether.
“Could you excuse us a moment,” Howard says to the make-up artist. Tony muses over how even the kindest of words that escape his father’s lips still manage to sound like a threat.
Tony’s jaw twitches twice, brows slightly furrowed with his cellphone held against his chin. No doubt in an internal debate with himself.
And by the end of it, it’s clear to see who their best candidate of the day is. But it’s even clearer that, Thor Odinson, though terribly impressive, is not at all right for the character he’s auditioning for.
“You went straight to his father!”
“Thank you, Thor,” Rhodey says, “You will definitely be hearing from us.”
Steve looks over his shoulder from where he’s sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Steve’s brows draw in a little harder as his eyes flutter open, clearly annoyed by whatever or with whoever is disturbing him. When he’s blinked the sleep away enough to see who’s in front of him, it takes a moment for him to fully register.
Steve returns the soft smile that Tony’s trying on, unable to completely vanquish the guilt that creeps up despite Tony’s words.
“I’m a shoe-in for employee of the month.”
Tony’s a little startled by Steve’s arms around his shoulders, a little shocked by the kisses Steve is planting on his lips between words. But he loves it so much and would’ve let it go on forever were it not for the fact that they did have an audience in the otherwise empty waiting room.
Pepper sits back, a tiny defeated sigh escaping her lips.
“I don’t know,” Tony finally says. “Does it need a definition?”
*****
The second night was torturous.
How much does he know? What does he think? What will happen to Tony? It’s all that Steve can think about as he swallows the huge lump of fear hanging like a dull ache in his throat.
His father.
Steve lets out a controlled breath, rolling his head to the side as Tony continues. He moves his hands from the ripples of muscle on Tony’s stomach right around to trace the notches of his spine, not remembering him being so toned, but loving it either way. Tony’s tongue brushes up his throat, and when his hips thrust up to meet Tony’s, Steve realizes that he couldn’t have controlled it.
Tony’s in the water, a cyan glow tinting his skin. The smug look on his face as he speaks makes Hogan know that he is undoubtedly taunting the boy on the opposite side of the pool.
Howard Stark, on the other hand, is as terrifying as a rabid cat in a canary’s cage.
“I never said that,” Pepper says defensively with a half-smile as she gets to her feet to make way for the return of Jarvis. “I just want to check it out.”
“Okay,” Steve finally nods. “But, the limo is kinda cool.”
“Was that an insult?” Tony raises a brow, “Because we’ve got over ten million viewers and fans all over the world and if the stats are that high just to see me naked, I’d say that’s a compliment.”
“Was I asleep that long?” Joseph smirks, “Jesus, you’ve grown. Come over here.”
Another four hours on the road with only two stops in total.
Steve smiles thinking about it.
“You want to fuck that kid, don’t you,” Bucky had practically jumped on the couch in complete and utter delight, refusing to let Steve deny it. And the game on the television had been forgotten and the beers became warm and by midnight, Steve had confessed and cried and collapsed with his head on his best friend’s lap. The confession only making their friendship stronger, not ending it like Steve had tortured himself into believing it would.
The lady pulls the blinds apart just a little to cast the morning light on her wristwatch.
“Maybe you should just listen to them,” Pepper moves out of Jarvis’ way as he walks around to spot Tony, “I mean, they might have a point. This is sort of risky.”
“Ready to move on?” Steve asks, looking around himself.
Sharon looks at him and sees a meal ticket. He’s what she’s been waiting for for the longest time.
“Close,” Hill sighs.
“I got an offer from Mr. Lee.”
“Well here’s something that might shock you a little, Tony,” Hogan scowls, “that is exactly all you can do. It’s what you were made for.”
“Please,” Pepper snaps, “no more
Steve thought he wanted things to go back to normal, but quickly realizes that it never will. Tony had given up so much power to Steve and now he was going to spend the rest of his days reminding Steve who is always in control in the real world. Tony is going to break Steve if Steve does not man up and stick to his original plan.
It all feels perfect.
But he finally finds himself speechless.
Tony’s eyes roll back as Steve bobs mercilessly up and down his shaft, leaving him to clutch at sheets. Only because if he touches Steve’s hair he’s sure he’ll get a fair amount of strands out.
“Thank you, don’t mind if I do,” Thor says, his melodic raspy voice confirming what Tony had just been thinking.
Then there’re the freebies. First Edition Nike shoes, custom made designer jackets. Cellphones and watches. All because he is Steve Rogers, Stan Lee’s shiny new toy.
“I’m sorry,” the father says as his daughters openly point and gasp in awe, “they’re just big fans of your show.”
He doubts he’s pulling it off right.
Pepper’s pulse quickens, her heart thumping powerfully as she moves against Tony. She swallows his moan hungrily, replaying the deep, fervent sound in her head. It’s addictive. He’s addictive. She knows she shouldn’t, but she wants more.
Thirty minutes later, Bucky is perched on the edge of Steve’s desk, tears sliding down his face as he tries desperately to calm his hysterics.
The entire audience breaks out into a roar of applause, tears in the eyes of some and smiles on the faces of most.
“Before we proceed,” Lee finally speaks, “I want to know who your tip-off was.”
Maria knows who Tony’s talking about. As shocking as it all still is, she knows he’s rhetorically questioning her about Steve Rogers. In her mind, she envisions Tony asking the same question about Howard as well.
“I dunno,” Tony shrugs. “Maybe.... learn how to play the guitar?”
Staring at the script lying beside him on the bed, Steve is willing to do just about anything to drop all of this and go back home. The feeling only subsides when he thinks about the one thing that made him do this in the first place.
Together.
“I know, I know,” Steven interrupts quickly as if trying to spare Tony the sheer misery of having to say the V word.  Both of his hands are gripping the kitchen island with white knuckles, boxing Tony in so that he can get what he so desperately needs to out. “I know you, Tony. And relax, there’re no roses or chocolates stupid big teddy bears. All I have is a question. And I would’ve done this differently and more beautifully but you crave simplicity. And this is about as simple as things can get.”
“What I need is Anti-Stark medication,” Pepper says with a fond smile, propping her head on her hands and her elbows on the table.
He’s still trying to get around his father’s words.
“It all sounds incredibly exciting,” Natasha says genuinely. “Are you able to share any of it with us.”
“It will help the flow of things,” Tony shrugs.
“Come on, Steve,” Tony grabs his arm again when he turns to walk away. “Is this just because I kissed you? Because that really meant nothing.”
Tony opens his eyes, brows furrowing a little. Their eyes lock for a moment before Tony’s sitting up and Steve’s regretting asking that damn question.
“Don’t forget Charlie Hunnam. But it gets even better with you. You will be a hero to scores of scared, young, closeted boys who think their sexuality is the end of the world.” Lee places his hands on Tony’s shoulders. Hogan stands abruptly, almost knocking down his chair. “They’ll look at you and they’ll say; Tony Stark…maybe there is hope after all. They look up to you, Tony.
“I hate bullies too, Steve. I can’t stand it if they go after Peter. He’s not ready….we need him to talk first. Not like this. Just a few years of homeschool. Dear God, he’s ahead of his age group. We’ll find a place when he’s ten, okay,” Tony says all this in a flurry.
“I know it’s a big day and all, but Hap, you can’t be a run-away groom. Trust me, that movie will never be made,” his dad went on in that manner.
“One of the joys of puberty,” Stark laughs.
Tony enters, hands raised and boosters ready to blast. Steve trails behind him dragging Sam in tow.
“A few years and play dates with Harry. And I think we should let him train with Nat, just basics. Also, no one besides the Avengers can babysit Peter.”
He glances at Peter again. Hogan took longer to get home than expected, so Bruce went to grab Peter’s favorite stuffed toys: Iron Mouse and Captain Americat. They are clutched in his hands as the car drives past the afternoon rush hour. Bruce looks at the gleam from Avengers Tower.
has to go to, she’s still up earlier than she wants to be and holding Tony’s favorite Starbucks crap.
He did not do that, because (a) he first had to calm down and (b) his dear husband would not let him take the first step. What Bruce said earlier rang back to Tony:
“We’ve been able to keep it quiet,” Steve says.
Peter unbuckles and joins Tony on his side. Tony lifts him onto his lap.
Bucky gapes his mouth open. He closes his eyes. For this, he has to swallow his pride.
Natasha sighed. It sounded like JARVIS’s sigh.
“This is where Harry goes,” he says. “So, you and him can raise all kinds of hell.”
I've returned. This chapter was meant as one, but I realized it would have been better as a two parter because it was getting to be over five thousand in the first draft.
“Peter,” he said.
“That is acceptable,” Thor said, grinning.
In the end, it was Natasha with Fury who tracked suspicious purchases of one Tomi Hiddleson that a gruff old ally warned him about. Tony found the name and they sent Barton and Natasha to scout every place in New York, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey. Steve and Sam took Maryland and Washington D.C. because each only had one location.
Peppers drops the coffee and slams the door shut. She then opens the one across the hall and finds it filled to the brim with childhood essentials. The toys they bought, clothes, drawings litter the floor and surfaces. The bed is messily made up and when she looks in the bathroom, there is tooth paste crusting on the sink. It’s Sesame Street brand.
“Getting sleepy there, spider monkey,” he says when Peter pinches his face to hold in a yawn.
By the end, Pepper is calmer. The meeting has started and they are both late. The board will not question or accuse if
Stark stops a few inches from him.
8:04 a.m. worry about Tony.
“Whoof! That woman can make anyone feel chills. And I have no warm blood left in me,” he said.
“Sit down,” he says.
"Wrong, soldier. Thor whined at the size of Loki who was no taller than him. An inch or two shorter to be fair. Loki, angered and insulted, lashed out with not weapon but a quick tongue. And then, a dagger. The two sparred verbally for hours until the snowfall stopped. It was at this juncture Loki told Thor the harrowing news: there were no frost giants. At least not the big ones. He was to be the last true giant since all the others turned mortal. Thor scoffed at this. Said it was preposterous; Loki simply said it was Thor's great grandfather who started that when he stripped the giantess Bestla of her horns and made her his wife. You can imagine, Thor was flabbergasted. However, the stories add up. Bor went into the mountains and returned weeks later with the horns of a frost giant and a rather tall maiden whom he married upon his return."
"I have lived hundreds of years. That is all you need understand. When Bor came and took Bestla I hated him. I hated that she left me alone." Loki stops as their drinks are served. "And, it was the beginning of a divide in our people. Giants don't truly die. Not the way humans do. They become stone in a dormant slumber. Over time they break. That is how the world got its many peaks."
12:15 p.m. Steve finally leaves his bed.
Tony purses his lips and Steve closes his for a moment. He tells what he knows and leaves out the parts Tony has to fill.
“Bucky,” Steve asked strained. “I-I…..what the hell….Bucky. What the fuck are you saying?”
“And Tony…there’s something I have to tell you,” Steve says.
He leaves school and Ursa’s there yelling with others chanting “Puny Parker, Puny Parker.”
“Your stash, Bucky. You had that habit of sneaking a puff every so often no matter how much it fucked up my asthma,” Steve says.
Peter choked on his sandwich a bit. He tried holding a laugh. He took out some chips and celery sticks. Gwen had her poor sandwich. It dripped jelly and Peter could not smell much peanut butter. He passed her some of his celery and chips.
“Coulson, there’s a table designated for gifts,” Fury said.
“One more thing,” Jane said. “Peter isn’t mute and I don’t know what he’s been through, but…”
“This shit goes south, I’m taking Peter to Steve. Don’t tell anyone, but Tony’s coping mechanisms are the same as Howard’s and I don’t want to see a repeat with Peter. Steve’s would be better at this single dad thing,” he says.
Bruce knows his skin is green with sickness as Tony’s shit eating grin widens.
Hi, this is a fluffy filler chapter because I keep forgetting people and an announcement that I am taking a small hiatus from this fic because I am going to write a "Nightmare Before Christmas" crossover for the holiday season. I don't do horror.
"Uh," Steve swallows. "Pastries. I thought you might like them. I've never seen you eat and these are vitriols you cannot have in the woods." Steve opens the top and holds up the basket.
Loki has no care as he backs out and fires the engine. He does not find the silence odd, for he has observed the boy from afar these years.
Steve crushes him against the wall.
with them, and Agent Coulson’s pitiful look when he sees them.
Bruce awaits his ascent to the penthouse. Tony said he was watching movies with Steve, so Bruce has spent more time in the lab alone more than usual. In his leisure time, he has found a way to make some new synthetic material, such as spandex, durable and slightly bullet-proof. He needs to poke the idea with Tony and the man’s ever growing tech skills.
“What?”
There has been nothing to yield so far. The drawings are of two men and one elderly woman; there are houses and rooms, but Volstagg cannot decipher the meaning.
“I see they do not teach the proper greetings,” muttered Odin. He smiled affectionately anyway as Peter let go and took Jane’s and then Thor’s hand in his tiny ones.
“I know. He makes me milkshakes,” Peter says.
Tony is fast asleep and uses Steve’s arm as a pillow. Steve’s breath catches. He looks down at the worn face of this man.  The sun gave him an even tan, despite the blisters and he seems at peace for the first time. Steve sighs. Carefully, he brushes the curly head of Tony. His hair is like crushed satin, smooth and textured. He looks at the sleeping form and notices the small light from Tony’s chest. His shirt’s a bit unbuttoned. Steve unbuttons the rest. He gasps. Inside Tony’s chest….
Tony groaned.
The door to the bathroom opened, steam pouring out. Bucky kept his gaze averted as Steve quickly grabbed clean clothes from the dresser donned in a bath robe.
“Do not think me unprepared,” He says. Loki goes to the bureau and pulls out packages of clothes, all Peter’s size. “I will hang them on the door knob this once. I am not a servant and I am aware you’re Captain father has taught you to launder. I expect you to feed, clean, and entertain yourself.”
“How is that possible?” Tony yelps.
“I can’t get Peter to eat a lot. I’ve been making him small meals, like these, and the others don’t cook much either.”
Steve rose from his permanent place on the bed.
Steve backs away numbness spreading in his extremities.
The warrior stood his ground. He showed the axe. The willow bristled. Anthony was a statue.
“I can’t,” he said.
"He's done some bad things, Peter and hurt a lot of people." Mr. Coulson paused. "He's also really confused."
(I have reread the chapter and made a slight change I thought I had done earlier. The part where they take a swab of spit I change to a small needle of blood. I don't know how that got passed me.) Jan. 23, 2017
Finished! I am done with this piece. I am not done with the idea, but for this piece I am done. I want to say that when I started this story I had no earthly idea of where it was going, but I had superfamily in mind all the way. So, this is two years worth of work. I love this piece and happy to see it finally finished. Thanks to everyone who still read it and left kudos.
Peter smiled with his impish green eyes. He will understand later in life of his origins and his papa's people. And that, the world is full of others like him. But, for the toddler, now is about the night sky, the shining flowers and the love between his parents.
That’s it,
The house opens and reveals itself to be a mansion. The men go off with a Dr. Strange. Pepper stays back; it has been a long day. Happy stays back with her as Jane follows them. A man appears and offers the two some oolong tea.
The brightest spot is Steve. And three days have passed since he came.
Pepper needs nothing else; she fixes out her pencil skirt and stands up from the tiny chair. The table is a nice touch in the room.
“Thor talks about you a lot too. He misses you.”
“Parker, right?” she says. When Peter does not speak, she smiles wide. It is like the Cheshire cat. “Puny Parker,” she whispers. “Puny Parker,” she says louder. “Puny Parker!” she screams.
“I see
"Then come down, Anthony," he says. He knows what the answer will be. Steve needs to goad more for the truth.
“Tell me if I got anything wrong,” he says.
“Pete, how many times have we told you not to go off,” Steve says. He has his full-on Captain Pops voice.
“You got it right,” Steve says, teeth clenching. “Now, why are you here?”
“Hank, how’s it been?” Steve asked.
“Pretty much. The arachnid DNA was less volatile, but still had its impact,” Bruce says, remembering Peter crawling on the wall. “Parker got the notes and the partial serum, added the spider bits, and had to inject it in small doses, probably less than 0.01ml of serum. I could be wrong, but Peter would need to have an injection-or injections-twice a week for years to ensure he would live.”
I'm back. Yes it has been a month, but don't fret. I will not abandon this story. In other news, I have a tumblr now: clevermoondragon is the name and I am taking story requests. Also, this is my shortest chapter after my longest one. More shit will hit the fan soon and I love cliffhangers.
“Hey, JARVIS. I came to check on Peter,” Bruce says. He looks around. By now, Clint or Natasha should be spooking him. Usually Clint. Again, fortunate that this might work.
“No, you can’t come in,” Steve yells, his voice distorted.
Natasha hums. She rummages in the drawers of the large kitchen, passing by Bruce, who awakens from his diligent reading. Peter steps closer to poke him in the ribs.
At some point his eyes watered and it spilled onto Steve’s face.
Bruce was informed on all pertinent details and cringes at what he recalls. The silence lapses when JARVIS, in Pooh’s voice yells,
“Nat, where’s Peter?”
Captain America stopped and found the missing brief case filled with DNA alternating syrups. He slowly approached it, calling the other two. “Target found. Get extraction going pronto.”
Loki will admit that he has been waiting for the fear, even ambivalence, but Peter has been calm, almost as if he is with someone he trusts.
“Mrs. Sellers retired,” the woman says, confused.
“Was it HYDRA?”
“Yes. Do not stress yourselves too much; you are good parents.”
“I fucked up. I fucked like I always do,” Tony says between hiccups.
Clint and Bruce’s wedding. He had an invitation stuffed away somewhere on his work bench. And he saw the registry. Marshmallow launcher was at the top of the list; either Clint really wanted a new toy or Bruce thought of new ways to hit his fiancé. Anyway, he got that and the monogrammed towels he messed with by having the inscription be Hulkeye on aubergine towels.
A shuddering breath escapes Clint; he made the right choice, his family is safe and Laura can find a decent husband who will not disappear for months. Clint looks down at the sleeping face and whispers, “I’ll take care of you too, kid. Don’t ever forget how many of us love you.”
Steve lowers them to the sofa.
“I apologize Mr. Stark, but….Harry Osborn is no longer a student of ours. I know because I did his transfer script. And Mrs. Sellers retired when she got her Winnebago.”
The cooks had a collective shrug and the head chef, Walentyna, came and said, “Lady Sif, there has been no such child to enter these kitchens for weeks. Surely, y—”
“Peter’s birthday is coming soon. That’s when we’ll have everyone come over,” Steve said.
Rhodes looks up unsurprised at Bruce’s sudden appearance. Probably JARVIS alerted him to it.
“Yes,” she said giggling. “There was a young boy at the fountain.” She pointed, showing her free hand, at the center fountain of the city. It was large and high with several spigots of water. “He was so small that I had assumed he was with the delegation. Then I saw this clothes, as is my profession, and I noticed how strange they were. But then, Lord Volstagg came and took the young boy with him. I believe…he said they were going to have an audience with Thor.”
so many lives and I deserve to be hanged, Peter. So, no, forgiveness and atonement are out of my reach. For now, I want to find my memories, get my head fixed, and then begin to make amendments.”
Steve looks up and drops his weapons.
Steve finds him and almost drops his basket. Throughout their interactions, Anthony has been lying like a lazy serpent on the branches; this does not detract from his beauty, though it left some imagination to his full nudity. Today, he sits up legs akimbo and Steve can see all. The sex is proportionate to Anthony's lighter frame and a batch of dark pubic hair nestles perfectly. Steve has yet to see the back but he is willing to wait.
As Steve turns off the bedside lamp, Tony grabs his bicep.
The day feels like a dream at some points. As if the separation never happened. They spend the day together, Peter slowly coming out of his shell and running around like any normal kid. Being incognito helps keep people away as Peter can roam without them worrying about distractions.
Wilson leans back in the chair almost to falling. He does not and sits up again.
Steve’s eyes widen and Tony pushes forward to mock argue with Rhodes about the benefits of having a son modeled after Tony.
"Come with me," commands a woman's voice.
It was monotonous. An interesting rumor did spread from the penultimate group; apparently, one of the delegates claimed to have a child in strange clothing appear and disappear at the gates.
Before he presses the button to alert the residence, Bruce swears he hears a different voice from JARVIS.
“Peter knows better, probably has more common sense than us, and each time there’s been someone uninvited he’s the first to tell us if they are dangerous.”
If anyone is confused by Ursa's reasoning this is what happened: her birth mother,the Vanderbilt, and her other mother had her through in vitro and then the birth mother's family threatened to cut her off if she stayed with her lover. So, they split up and the birth mother had to marry a man. This messed with Ursa because she loves her other mother and not her step father, so she's been taking it out on other students. She targets Peter because he has two dads and she had to lose one of her moms. In her mind, only two moms can have a baby and two dads cannot. Remember, these are eight-year-olds.
JARVIS was quiet again. Tony went back to his work and found Peter’s old Facebook account. The boy had few friends and little posts, however, it gave Tony a good look at the kid before he turned furry.
“This isn’t’ about that!” Bucky yells. “Steve, you idiot, you can’t waltz and expect all this to blow over. Your kid’s been asking for you for weeks and suddenly you show up out of the blue. You think that’s fair to him. You really think he’ll be okay if this happens again.”
. He guessed the blond brute and slender man had to be Loki and Thor because of the height both had. And that mountain, he'd only seen carvings of it, but it was in the Nordic lands where it appeared those two hailed from by their clothes and tales of frost giants. The visit was quiet and it left Steve uneasy. What could Loki and Thor have to tell?
“I-I don’t know,” Jane said.
“Daddy doesn’t like to be handed things unless by me or pops,” he says.
"I am happy. I've been alone for ages and the animals are fine company but not too keen on conversation nor the discovery of new flora," he said. "Most days I wished I had chosen a different path. A tree is so sturdy and unmoving." He stopped and squeezed his hand on Steve's shoulder. Steve placed his over the smooth skin. "I hate it. I hate that I'm bound to this. That I can't leave without fear of...you know...and that I don't know where any of my kin are. I had so many friends. Virginia who would follow the growth of red toadstools, James who was a will-o-wisp and flew around to tell me stories. Bruce, oh dear Bruce. He was the only other who understood the cycle of life and its many distinctions. He was a moss man."
“Really?” Steve says, hope in his voice.
Steve found a pen and paper lying around the floor. He wrote a number and address.
Bruce slid the needle in the lab coat pocket and took out the lollipop he had.
“Whatever. Peter doesn’t need to see his dad like this. That’s why I’ve been here to make sure he’s doing fine.”
“You haven’t done anything to me,” Peter says.
On his tenth visit, Steve sat up with Anthony in the tree's shade. It truly was a magnificent willow. Steve would feel shame when it had to die for his love to come home.
“Steve,” Tony says, smiling.
“Barnes.”
Tony goes to his son and lifts him up. He’s gotten heavier but Tony ignores the ache in his muscles. He looks to Steve. Tony turns back to Bucky who seems…sad to say goodbye.
Except for today.
Tony keens softly and Peter hugs his side.
“Hang on, kid,” Sam said. He flew up, Peter strapped to his chest, and headed south to D.C. He and Natasha could feel the tension between Steve and Tony. They were going to have “the talk” again, which, if Sam was being honest, was good. Peter should be in school with other kids, not cooped up with a bunch of adults. But….what happened in June had the effect of psyching Tony way out. The man barely slept and the sudden move to the old mansion had really messed up the team’s dynamics. Poor Banner was left alone at the tower since Barton and Natasha decided to move in with the family. Sam got that they were trying to keep the two leaders from locking up the place, but Banner didn’t really get out much. Hell, Sam hardly knew the man. Colonel Rhodes was the same. So, that left Barton to visit the doctor. Natasha stayed at the mansion when she was in town, but like him, she had places to be.
"My name is General Steven Rogers of His Majesty's army," he says and salutes.
“It’s gonna be fine,” he said.
Tony groans. “Enough of the bullshit mysterious showman. Do you know what will help Peter?”
Tony does not go to them. Instead, he gestures Steve to follow him to the master bedroom. He still holds Peter in his arms who has fallen asleep.
“Not yet,” said Tony staring at the doorway.
Both parents prayed he was not contemplating crawling up there; one chandelier alone would cost Tony an arm and leg. It was early in the afternoon still and the natural light from the bay windows helped with the setting.
Thor nudges the man's shoulder.
“All I’m saying is that Peter can handle his own, with Nat as his teacher, and that JARVIS had him if Loki did not notice the device. All I’m saying is that Peter was not scared and his spidey-sense did not go off.”
The boy stood up and looked at Thor. He smiled.
“No,” Steve says. “Just don’t, Buck.”
Peter has little time before he is told to bring the rings. He searches again, but the man in shadows is gone.
The boy, unhindered by the stairs, jumps off in perfect landing and runs to him. Steve runs to him and they meet in a crash with Steve’s arms full of Peter. The boy is giggling and nuzzling against his beard.
“Happy birthday kid.” She leaned in and whispered, “Look out if you’re parents decide to send you away.”
And Coulson is alone. For once, the weight of his job, his duty, and the suffering from his resurrection lifts. He stays to finish his fruity drink and thinks about Peter’s smiling at him when he can tell the boy that he will never be taken away. That is a small blessing.
"Peter, moy malen'kiy pauk, please come with me. Mr. Coulson and Barton have some important things to discuss."
“But, you said they made you. Sam said they washed your brain and everything. You didn’t mean to do any of that bad stuff.” Peter looked at him, pleading in his eyes.
“Here,” Peter says.
“I am here for the next 49 minutes 37 seconds because if your marriage does fail Peter won’t be going to neither you nor Rogers. SHIELD has orders to transfer Peter into a foster family under our surveillance.”
Steve can feel himself gagging a bit. The tactic works and Loki smiles.
But, as he sees, it is enough to make the man want to leave. In the village, Steve can properly take him slowly.
Steve and Tony sit across from Strange in the chairs.
Steve put his pointer finger to his lips. He gestured to Tony’s Iron Watch on the nightstand. Tony nodded and placed the watch on, turning into a small glove of his suit.
The hologram follows for a bit. It has a bothered look on its face.
“I understand Jane.” Thor had a look on his face and said, “You do not believe them to harm young Peter. If that what Tony and Steve then I will assure them the leagues of Asgard on their side.”
Pepper stares at Happy. This ordinary, average, man whose stuck with Tony through hell, whose done everything in his power to make Pepper welcome, whose only purpose it seems is to help others, despite the cost of his happiness. This man she has married.
Tony looks at him and wonders why his beard makes his face even more charming and rugged then the soldier’s old clean-cut style. Even the stupid glasses do not hide his blue eyes.
“He’ll have Harry. He’ll make new friends at the camp this summer. And other kids will accept him. Peter’s a hard kid not to love,” Steve said.
They sit together in the plush of the sofa. Slowly, they get horizontal, Steve stroking Tony’s back. Steve picks them up and singlehandedly brings them to the bed where Peter is sound asleep. He places Tony on Peter’s side facing the boy. He lays on the other side facing the boy’s back.
The boy lets go and runs to his parents. Stark kneels on the ground to catch Peter. Bucky feels the sting evaporate completely. This was worth it. Coming back from the dead to see this. He has his new life ahead of him now and a new purpose to find. Bucky feels a smile on his face.
“First, create a distraction when Hogan gets here and drops off Peter. One that will require Nat and Clint’s immediate attention. Hogan will follow them too while I stay with Peter.” Bruce pauses for any questions. Rhodes makes a “go on” gesture. “After you guys are out of the room, I’m grabbing Peter and we’re running across the street where Coulson has a car waiting for us. Then a trip to Avengers Tower.”
Bucky begins to turn.
At this point, Strange changed the image to one of a snowy mountain.
“Whatever comes just remember your pops and I love you. We love you so much,” Tony says. He hugs Peter tight against him. Peter hugs back with the same strength.
“Just us,” Steve says.
They sit in the tavern and order. Steve waits for the men to talk.
"So, I heard from your father that Christmas was eventful," Mr. Coulson said.
“Report,” Fury said after taking his first sip of Americano.
The boy twirls the roll in his hands and shuffles nervously. He looks both ways in the kitchen exits and up to the ceiling. Peter motions for Bruce and Natasha to come closer.
The panel appeared in front of Tony. The file was small and had two grainy off the screen photos of Peter in the city and one video of Deadpool crowding the boy outside of a convenience store. The newspaper article of Peter’s “untimely demise” and the interviews of former employees who witnessed him get bitten by one of the escaped spiders. Nothing concrete for SHIELD to get a team together and Oscorp still being a factor in funding of Weapon X projects but not a full suspect. Tony hissed again and shut the file.
“Sorry man. I don’t mean to offend, but me and kids never got along. Hell, my aunts never let me alone with my
Thor watched as Peter slowly came up to Frigga. He looked from her hand to her face. Carefully, Peter took the hand and shook. Thor chuckled, as did his warriors and the crowd.
Even with the door shut and a few paces down the corridor, Hogan and Pepper can still hear the heated argument going on between Mr. And Mrs. Stark.
Maria nods, feeling too exhausted to elaborate any further. Then her stomach heats over knowing exactly what’s coming next.
The place he’s parked outside of just has to be the right one.
Tony tosses every last loose note from his pocket into the hat that’s placed on the ground beside the musician.
“I don’t have to,” Pepper says, running her hands over his bare shoulders. They seem more defined than before. Probably because it’s been a while since she last held him.
There simply is no rush.
The first two times, the phone had just rung. He wasn’t sure if he was shocked or not that he’s third time lucky.
“Well, Tony absolutely hates clichéd grand gestures,” Steve begins monotonically, “and since proposing on Valentine’s Day is the type of clichéd grand gesture he always says he hates more than anything in the world, I figured he wouldn’t be expecting it therefore rendering it a spontaneous act of love-”
And it doesn’t even ever work entirely.
Tony doesn’t deserve that. Lee knows Tony deserves the truth.
“But you
Tony pulls himself up until his back is against the headboard. He crosses his arms over his chest and crosses his legs at the ankles.
“I don’t need an explanation from you, Hogan,” Howard cuts in. “Apart from not being around when what happened at the Premiere happened, you’ve done nothing but support my views. Pepper on the other hand-”
“On our first date, so make yourself pretty.”
Firstly, even with the discarded lollypop and tossed baseball cap, the other boy still doesn’t seem to realize that he’s talking to Tony Stark.
Tony thinks before answering.
“So you’re crossing over to the dark side?” he continues to chuckle.
“Know what?” Hogan begins, “If Tony-”
Tony gives Hogan one last salute, chuckling when Hogan salutes back.
He’s never felt this way around other guys. Hell, he’d been able to look and appreciate their good looks without anything attached.
The door opens nonetheless.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony, the boy she was once infatuated with is now a young man. The boy she’d offered love not excepting anything in return. Well at least not the way she’d wanted it. Pepper is hardly sure if she’d ever even wanted it herself.
Steve cocks his head to the side, hating the way he’s unable to completely vanquish his smile. He’s looking at Tony thoughtfully and Tony is watching him hopefully.
“Well,” she begins, “you’ve done nothing but make the boy feel incompetent. You’re just as bad as Howard.”
The place holds an uncanny resemblance to how he pictures Sharon Carter.
“That’s the script?” Tony asks with a soft smile and a raised brow, pointing past both men to the thick, bound document on the disorderly table.
have a gay son,” Howard speaks slowly. Tony wonders if he’s the only one in the room who notices how his fathers’ words sound more like a question than a statement.
“Look at me,” Steve pleads, taking Tony’s face in his hands and forcing their eyes to meet. Both boys are still breathing heavily, both still furiously aroused, but the look they share at that moment holds none of the desire that their bodies are radiating.
As Tony pushes his body harder against Steve’s, Steve snakes his arms around Tony, one hand snaking into Tony’s hair and the other pulling him closer around the waist.
On some small scale, a chance that he can save himself.
“I gotta be at Mr. Lee’s early tomorrow,” Steve says, touching Tony’s chest gingerly. He realizes he’s being careful about everything with Tony. He wonders if he can just let go for a while.
*****
“You really like this, don’t you?” Steve finally smiles, relishing in the smile he gets back.
As Steve takes the early bus home, he smiles out the window, thrilled with himself for formulating such a brilliant plan.
Tony doesn’t even  have to think about it for a second.
“Remind me to never sleep in denim again,” Tony grins as he snuggles up against an incredibly baffled Steve.
All eyes fall on Tony and the room falls into awkward silence.
“However,” Stark holds his chin thoughtfully, “I fail to see where lies the necessity for laughter.”
“Tony,” Steve grits out, head falling on Tony’s shoulder. He’s close, way too close. The sound Tony makes is somewhere off in the distance. It’s a moan. A questioning moan that’s dragged out by a frayed breath. Steve hangs onto it.
Tony watches his mother for a moment before smiling. “Work is all I’ve got.”
“You gave my butler orders without my permission,” Tony states more than asks.
Steve groans inwardly.
“Think of how many people you can save,” Lee continues.
Tony isn’t sure if he’s supposed to follow the old lady further into the house, but hesitantly, he does. He’s quickly greeted with an inviting smell of a home-cooked meal, something he’s completely unfamiliar with. It faintly reminds him of the days that his mother would treat the family a new recipe she’d picked up from her culinary classes. And then Howard made her stop after hiring more than one full time maid to take care of , what he called, chores that were beneath a Stark.
“I’m taking you home first thing in the morning.”
“Thanks Jarv,” Tony smiles.
They begin to move perfectly to the music.
And Tony falls back with a grunt when Steve manhandles him back into their earlier position. And Steve has one hand on Tony’s chest, keeping him in place as he guides Tony’s leg over his shoulder, places a chaste kiss on the delicate skin of his boss’s ankle before pushing forward to do the same to Stark’s lips. And it’s gentle and affectionate, a little too warm; Steve realizes he isn’t the only one who noticed when Tony almost fixes in the face he reserves for anyone who’s  stupid enough to walk into a boardroom meeting two minutes late. But it crumbles the second Steve’s finger pushes curiously against Tony’s puckered hole. Then that same finger comes up to trace Tony’s parted lips, the other man wasting little time sucking Steve’s middle finger in obscenely wetly. And Steve has to struggle to hold his composure when Tony sucks hard, one hand traveling up the contoured trail of muscle and settling on Steve’s already hard nipple. The other hand gripping Steve’s arm hard, short fingernails leaving bright red marks.
Tony’s face instantly lightens up and Pepper can’t help but smile as well. She wonders if he actually knows how striking he is.
“Yeah well,” Steve raises a brow, “I’m beginning to think you’re just enjoying kissing me.”
“I have no idea where you store all of that,” Pepper says, patting Tony’s flat belly and then gesturing to the plate of donuts on his lap.
“Says here you’ve done commercial work,” Sharon says.
It all feels way too much.
“Steve,” he instantly recognizes Stan Lee’s voice. “Sorry to toy you around like this, but can you still meet me this morning?”
Some reporters gasp and others just chuckle, their mutual distaste for all things Natasha Romanov delighting in the sickened look on her face.
Steve playfully nudges Tony in the ribs with his elbow.
*****
Picking up his new cellphone, Steve dials the number off by heart.
Steve moves closer to nestle up against Tony’s side. As if just realizing the boy is awake, Tony’s expression instantly changes and he moves his arm to wrap it around Steve’s shoulder.
The soft knock on the door goes unnoticed by both men, but neither is surprised when Pepper and Hogan walk in.
The very thought makes her realize, it has been far too long since she’s last had alone time with Tony.
Even when Thor spots Tony for the first time, he simply gives an acknowledging grin. It’s nothing short of a sly smile. When Hill looks over her shoulder at Tony, he seems to be returning it. No cocky comments. No clever remarks.
“Perhaps,” Tony is suddenly back at Steve’s side. He clears his throat and tries again. “Perhaps you won’t mind staying a little bit longer to help me load it onto my computer. I do like having a head start with these things and I am just dying to see exactly how good it is.”
Tony swallows, smile wavering slightly.
When Steve finally crunches his knuckles into the mattress on either side of Tony’s waist, Tony wastes no time touching anywhere and every inch he can of Steve’s body.
“Yeah,” he grins, “pretty much why everyone else comes here, Mrs. Carter.”
“Never heard of it,” Sharon dismisses aloofly.
Closing his eyes, he wonders how the hell he could have gone on so long without this. What the hell would he have done if he hadn’t found Steve again?
He isn’t about to deny it, he’s rusty. The smile is original, the wave is reserved and he actually has to look where he’s stepping a couple of times.
smile. Then Tony smiles too, unable to keep his mouth moving, desperate to let out a few sharp gasps to gain his momentum. His breath hits Steve’s shoulder as Steve keeps pushing Tony. Tony shudders and shivers before pushing Steve’s unrelenting hand away and pulling on the string that’s keeping Steve’s shorts up.
And it’s true. Nothing in Tony has just. It’s just been awakened.
“I’m fine,” he makes a face as if thinking he isn’t is completely improbable.
*****
Complete silence fills the room as Tony gets dressed. He stops twice, looks as though he is fully about to say something, but then decides against it.
“21 what?” Tony asks, raising a brow as he stands up and finishes off the second last donut.
Tony is silent for once.
As Tony begins to stir, Steve froze.
Tony feels himself go on the defensive, wondering if he actually has any right to at all.
“Less than a week, Tony,” Hogan accuses, “less than a week and already there’s this.”
Steve doesn’t have to think twice before lifting himself up on his elbows and looking down at Tony.
,” Steve blushes, a bemused smile on his face.
. Just not now. Let’s just, relax.”
He didn’t know what to expect from Tony’s mother after receiving an utterly ominous, deceitful greeting from Howard.
“And who started it for you?”
“Pepper,” he whispers. It was a question again.
It’s called
Steve moans his approval, or encouragement, he isn’t really bothered when the absence of Tony’s jacket allows him to run his fingers over toned flesh, muscle he never expected a self-privileged brat would be disciplined enough to break a sweat long and hard enough to attain.
Steve is well aware that he must look several shades stupider than Stark usually makes him out to be because his mind is fully incapable of catching up to anything when Stark is close enough for his spicy cologne to invade his senses. So intoxicating, even more confusing than the fact that Mr. Stark is standing in front of him in the gay section of a rundown video store in the middle of Brooklyn on a Friday night. His usual blue-blooded exterior is adorned in worn out blue jeans and a black jacket that smells of cheap leather, as damaged as his dark boots that too had seen better days.
Steve senses the urgency in Tony’s words though he sees none of it on his face. Tony’s getting better and better at masking pain and Steve hates the fact that he’s part of the reason for it. He hates the fact that he had ever caused Tony pain and doubt and is currently doing it again. He’s torn between what he wants and what Tony wants and it all feels wrong weighing against what is expected.
She shakes her head as if to clear it and gives him a smile, hoping it doesn’t reveal too much of her sudden burst of enthusiasm.
“Oh that,” Tony sighs, sitting further back in his seat. He smiles at his colleagues that slowly bustled out of the Hollywood Cinema. “Do you think anyone noticed?”
“Steve,” Tony pulls away from the kiss, still aware of Steve’s hands in his hair and on his neck. Their eyes lock, neither wanting to look away. While Steve’s look is nervous, Tony is trying his best to look reassuring.
“Hogan, what is it exactly that you have against Lee?” Pepper’s frowning at Hogan now. “You know as well as I do that there is a big difference between making little schoolgirls swoon at your feet and acting in a major motion picture.”
“Please,” Tony speaks. “Let me know now.”
wear make-up, thank you very much.”
The room falls silent for a moment and Tony’s certain he’s just hit the nail on the head. Then his father speaks. “I’m going to phone Lee in the morning, tell him to keep himself and his contract the hell away from you.”
“You’re kidding me,” Clint says. “He’s been with you since the beginning. Why would he do that now?”
“Mr. Stark,” the receptionist’s eyes go wide when she sees what Tony has commandeered, “you’re not permitted to take that. It’s clients’ documentation. That’s illegal. Even if Sharon no longer works here, you could get into a lot of trouble.”
Tony shoves the phone into his pocket and then places his hand over Steve’s which is resting on his stomach.
He doesn’t need to speak to Sharon Carter anymore; there’s just no reason to. Hell, he’s grateful that he no longer even has to tolerate her for a second.
Doesn’t matter.
Stan sighs as he halfheartedly goes to Brock’s rescue. He’s grateful when he sees it’s only Brock’s collar in Howard’s hand and not his neck.
But, as Steve closes the office door, the realization of what he’s decided and what he’s sacrificing comes crashing down on him.
obvious on his face.
As Tony closes the door behind himself and emptiness fills the hotel room, the same feeling spreads throughout Steve’s chest.
“So right,” Steve ignores his friend’s guess and concludes his true thoughts himself.
“Relax, Hogan,” Tony frowns, “I’ve got a handle on this.”
“Tony,” Pepper finally joins the conversation as she slips her phone into her pocket. “I know how this must feel. I know you’re angry with all of us, but let’s just try to make the best of this. We can all just hang out for a while, we report to your father that you’re keeping out of trouble and then all is well.”
Tony looks down at the cereal in front of him.
“Why don’t
They are speaking about him, Hogan and Pepper, neither sounding happy with the conversation.
When Tony does roll off, he lays flat on his stomach just as Steve moves to sit on the edge of the bed with his back to Tony.
How can they when they’re seconds away from seeing Tony Stark, in the flesh.
Nothing he’d expected.
doing is leaving you. I don’t care what the hell you say.”
“I’m confused about a lot of things Steve,” Tony begins. “I have so many unanswered questions of my own. But, I like the clarity I have with you. It’s probably the only clarity I’ve got right now.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupts inadvertently and quietly, once again displaying how he’s been paying next to no attention to Tony’s rambling. “I- I’m a little nervous.”
Tony’s smile broadens when Steve turns just enough to look into his eyes.
“It’s alright,” Tony shrugs. He waves at them pleasantly and they eagerly wave back. When Tony shoots a look at Hogan over his shoulder, Hogan simply rolls his eyes. “Let’s see my father try and do that.”
Seated on the edge of the bed, Tony dials the number one last time.
“That’s impossible,” Tony replies almost instantly. “He wouldn’t just drop out.”
So instead, Steve shocks Tony by wrapping one strong arm around the dark haired man’s waist, and hauling him up against his chest. And at this angle, Steve’s cock lodges snuggly between the cleft of Stark’s ass. And he makes sure the arm around his waist is tight and predatory, as dominating as his hand that wraps around Tony’s cock.
“Keep your hands above your head or I’ll tie them to the headboard,” Steve orders darkly, because Steve’s nipples have always been embarrassingly sensitive and he would be horridly embarrassed if he came like this. Tony does as he’s told, not before giving the peak one last pinch as he lets Steve’s wet finger slide from his lips.
“You know what?” Hogan begins, “I think you should just forget about all that. You have a hell of a track record; you’ll find another job in a heartbeat. And me, I can finally pay a little more attention to my other clients. This isn’t the end of the world, Pepper.”
“Fired Hogan…?” Maria counts the seconds as her words begin to sink in. “
“Tony Stark,” a man with a clipboard and headphones stands halfway through the doorway, “you’re on in five minutes. Please come with me.”
“Come on,” Tony smiles, giving Steve’s shoulder a nudge. “Let’s try and enjoy this circus.”
Steve takes the glass, immediately missing Tony’s warmth when the other man walks away, his own scotch in hand. He swallows his drink in one gulp as he watches Tony waste no time turning on the camera. Tony fiddles with it a little, only looking back at Steve when his haste causes him to cough twice, clearing his throat against the burn.
“Yes, no problem, sir,” he ultimately decides, picking up on the fact that Lee’s question hadn’t really been a question at all. “I’ll be there.”
“Steve?” Ms. Wanda enquires worriedly when he’s quiet for a second too long. Steve shakes his head as if she’s able to see him deny the wordless accusation.
“What did you say to him?” Tony shoots at his father the second they meet in the corridor.
sexuality to take this head on.”
Pepper’s pleased when Hogan continues singing, tiny grin still in place.
“That’s not what I meant,” Tony frowns, nibbling Pepper’s ear.
“Wouldn’t that just be acting?”
“What?” Tony raises a brow, sitting up a little straighter. “But, it’s only days away.”
“Oh Jesus, Tony,” Maria sighs, completely hating the obligation she has to her husband. The one that she once thought she was going along with only to protect her son and now feels like the very thing causing the most damage. “Tony, I need to tell you something.”
“Oh my, my, my,” the lady in front of him softly exclaims, and Tony only slightly takes note of her running a nervous hand through her white hair while straightening her apron with the other. “You’re that young man from the television.”
want?”
“I’ve already spoken to Mr. Lee, dad.” Tony holds his father’s gaze warily. “We sorta already have this whole verbal agreement thing going. I have every intention of signing the contract. You can deal with your
Steve had thought a smile was miles away, especially with the subject being so sensitive. But as Tony’s words sink in, he can’t help but grin sheepishly. Tony mirrors him, a look of satisfaction on his face.
Despite the countless messages, Bucky isn’t anywhere in sight when Steve finally enters the pub. But it’s far from surprising since Bucky was voted most likely to be late for his own funeral in their high school yearbook. And even with the amateur, gothic rock band belting out something depressingly incoherent on stage, Steve feels oddly in place surrounded by all the other dejected-looking, half-drunk patrons occupying the booths and stools and pool tables.
Tony shuts his eyes, irritated by the situation but fully prepared to stay there for as long as it takes. He’s just about to lose himself in his own thoughts until he hears his name.
smile as Steve’s face reddens and he tries to search for words, lips parting and closing but nothing coming out.
As he opens his mouth to speak, Steve’s phone rings and Steve immediately wants to break it.
Tony pretends not to notice the heated undertone in Steve’s voice. If anyone has the right to be angry, it’s him.
“Anyway,” Steve rolls his eyes, “my dad taught me how to play the guitar. I played in the church rock band for a while. But it was never really my thing.”
*****
“What?” both Stark and Bucky say in perfect unison. Bucky manages to duck behind the barricade just as Mr. Stark turns to see why he suddenly has an echo.
“He did, Tony,” Stan nods, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. “So everything is sort of at a standstill at the moment. He had a talk with your father and-”
Steve sees their reflection in the mirror, his cock sliding in and out of an entirely open, entirely wrecked, entirely too beautiful Tony Stark. Steve comes harder than he ever has before.
“Good,” Tony pushes his lips against hers briefly, moving them both clumsily onto the couch. He rolls them over ineptly so that Pepper was straddling his waist, “talking is overrated.”
“Yeah, right,” Steve rolls his eyes, shoving Tony’s white-shoed feet off the bed. “How did the conference go-”
Steve rolls his eyes, clumsily getting to his feet. He picks up his half-finished can of beer and downs it before placing the empty can on Tony’s nightstand. Steve may have beaten Tony thoroughly in the video game department, but Tony had done a whole lot better than his guest when it came to drinking. So much so, that he’d past out for a good three hours.
? The Genius?”
“As a matter of fact, Laura,” Tony doesn’t think twice before nudging a half unwilling Steve to the front line, “this young man right here. His name is Steve Rogers. He’s my co-star.”
“Now will you please excuse me,” Howard says, “I need to have a word with my wife.”
Tony sits crossed legged on the chair; his inability to sit still is making the make-up artist’s job increasingly harder. But her frustration hardly bothers him since he’d warned her conveniently beforehand.
“He lied to you because he loves,” Maria goes on, further confusing her son. “He doesn’t know how to show it Tony, but his heart is really in the right place. That’s why he fired Hogan and Pepper. That’s why he made Steve leave. He did what he thought was best for you in the worst way possible.”
“It was implied,” Tony shrugs as they enter the elevator. Steve is just about to argue before Tony purposely interjects. “So, you going to the premier tonight?”
“Steve,” he hears himself say, a sort of outer body experience. Steve moves a little, nestling further into his jacket as if subconsciously fighting off the cold air from the harsh hospital air-conditioners. “Steve, wake up.”
Brock grins, the female voice immediately shadowing any prior regrets of answering the phone.
It seems to have the intended effect because the moan that comes out of Tony’s mouth when his head falls on Steve’s shoulder sounds like it should be sex’s international anthem.
“She was,” Steve corrects politely, “sort of. She did commercial writing. She was a published author, but every now and again she’d take on a commercial.”
Stan, he can handle. The man has done nothing but make him feel like family from the moment he’d announced that Steve got the part.
The more he dwells on it, the more the beads of sweat stain Hogan’s pillow cases. Hogan’s sheets.
Tony looks over at Steve, really studying him for the first time that night. His face
Pepper quickly steps between the two men when Howard takes a dangerous step towards Hogan.
After hearing about the motorbike accident, about Steve’s mother’s death. About this operation being the only procedure that may give his father the hopes of ever walking again. After all that, all Tony can think about is comforting Steve.
The rough growl that’s provoked from deep in Tony’s throat is enough to make Steve smile. Not a mocking smile at all, but an
As Tony crouches down to his knees and watches Steve, he feels bad that he has to wake him up. What if Steve had been awake all night? What if he’d only just laid his head down and passed out. The boy’s obviously exhausted, Tony knows that. Seeing Steve there like that puts all of Tony’s problems far behind him. There’s only room to feel for one person at that moment.
A few awkward silent seconds pass until Tony finally clears his throat. Because his heart has stopped pounding and his cock has stopped testing the strain of his briefs. When had that even happened?
“I’m not even kidding, Tony,” Steve chuckles, “Thankfully my mom wouldn’t have it, so she said they needed to reach some sort of compromise.”
“I’m not in the mood to cook tonight,” Steve says on an exhale, bypassing the needless task of reminding Bucky that they share an apartment. That banter lost its novelty ages ago. “Why don’t we go all out and splurge on some
“Because Tony is as strong and as stubborn as the man who raised him.”
He sits up when the phone rings again, waking him from a highly uncomfortable nap. The big bag of potato chips slides off his belly and falls to the ground, emptying most of the crumbed contents onto the carpet. He growls a chain of curses as the muffled shrill continues. After a few more rings, he grabs a hold of the cordless phone, digging it out from where it was firmly lodged between the brown couch seats.
Hogan takes a slow sip of his red wine, wondering what the two boys are talking about.
“No,” Tony scoffs. “I’m sick of this. It ends now.”
His hand is shaky as he runs it impatiently through his hair, locks falling back into place either way because even his new mousse overachieves. It’s a mystery to him where all the nerves are coming from because he’s called this number at least a thousand times. But as the other end begins to ring, knots twist in the pit of his belly.
“So your father-in-law is Steve’s father,” Natasha raises a brow. “How are your families taking it.”
Not with the gold he’s holding in his hand.
He’s never had that before. Nothing special like that.
With a teasing smile, Steve leaves the room.
gave me on national television, then the answer is yes. She always found it impossible to be with someone whose hand was constantly down her brother’s pants.”
Pepper shrugs at Hogan, not caring at all for the perplexed look on his face. She shuts her eyes, willing oblivion to merely take over her for a second. Or at least for the duration of the song that she grew up listening to. The one that reminded her of home and her father. The moment that blocked out the complicated jumble her life had become. She’s so deep in that when Hogan’s arm circle her waist, she doesn’t flinch.
“Maybe you should take a little time off,” Maria suggests. “You don’t have to come home like your dad wants. Just, some time away from work.”
He realizes, as a small smile tugs the corner of Tony’s lips, he’ll probably never be done.
“Yeah, well you better start counting your days,” Hogan scoffs spitefully. “Howard is especially not too thrilled with you at the moment.”
She can’t risk letting him find out what a treasure chest of potential he is.
Steve smiles, letting out a breath as they both look towards their scripts.
Steve realizes he hadn’t once thought about asking Tony for assistance. It just never crossed his mind. He had set out to do something, and as always, was determined to complete it himself. He never would have asked Tony either way, even if the idea had come up at the right moment.
Tony grins brightly, deeply aware of the immense trouble that’s waiting for him backstage.
“Oh,” Steve huffs out on a short chuckle. “Oh I’m sorry, I had no ide-”
“I’ll wait,” Tony offers the lady with a smile. He’s grateful when she removes a box of files from a chair and offers it to him.
“I’m sorry,” Tony unclenches his eyes and looks up at Steve past wet lashes, “There’s a first time for everything.”
Tony wondered if they’re still rehearsing.
Natasha Romanov.
“What were you doing out of the country?” Steve asks, skillfully trying to change the subject.
“My father sent me an entourage,” Tony informs spitefully.
“Tony isn’t picking up his phone,” Hogan says. “I stopped by his room at Le Sapphire and he’s not in. Or not answering the door, I dunno. I thought you might know where he is.”
“Well,” Thor chuckles, “I’m not exactly gay, but-”
“Well to reassure you, Sir,” Tony smiles, “I’m nothing like that guy.”
He looks down for a second, thinking everything through as Steve stares at his windswept hair. When Tony finally looks up again, Steve stubbornly looks away.
, he thinks.
Pepper opens her eyes when she feels Hogan brush a stray hair out of her face.
There’s nothing funny about it anymore. Tony is putting all of himself into what he’s doing. It’s no longer about him kissing another guy; it’s about Zane kissing the boy he’s travelled half way across the country for. The boy he loves. The boy he’s just found out is dying. This time it’s completely about Zane and Jake.
“It seems like it’s been quite a ride for you, Tony.” Natasha smiles. “What moment would you say has been the highlight of it all?”
Steve’s padding his socked feet to the door with caution.
,” Pepper watches his lips move, “
“Are you listening to me?”
. And Steve knows he’s just
Steve wakes first, uncertain of the exact time but well aware that it’s Sunday morning due to the fact that the pair have already seen one sunrise before sharing one sunset.
An apologetic nod is all she can manage.
Tony is downright nervous.
“Mom,” Tony raises a brow, genuinely shocked, “what are you doing here?”
“Could you be a sweetheart and have those punched into the system before you leave?”  Stark says, sliding into a grey Armani jacket that compliments his tailored waistcoat and does nothing to hide how perfectly the dress pants incase his thighs. Steve scolds himself for noticing. “Some techy geeks will be in first thing tomorrow morning to integrate that data with some cutting-edge software that’s sure to change our lives, so please do make sure there are no errors.”
“Go ahead,” Tony encourages when Steve gives him a questioning look.
They have all night.
Pepper feels her heart skip a beat. This is where it usually starts at times like this. The tone in Tony’s voice, the way he’s clinging to her. She knows where this was going.
“Could you send him in,” Hill says to her assistantbefore shooting an angry smile over her shoulder at Tony. “And not another peep out of you.”
*****
No doubt the only thing people would find interesting in that column is the name ‘Tony Stark’.
“You mean that’s not allowed?” Joseph raises his brows, “I’ve blown it already then.”
“Well that’s where you’re wrong, my dear,” Tony holds his chin thoughtfully, oozing mockery. “If you’re talking about the orientation that I
“Everything about our relationship was complicated and fucked up,” Steve’s sigh is already laced with nostalgia, “that’s what made it so-”
Steve feels the need to say something, but he can’t. And so he stares back at the television.
“Can I help you?” Tony asks once close enough, his words slightly distorted by the hard candy rounding his right cheek.
“Don’t do that,” Tony frowns, closing his eyes. “You see this is why… Just don’t. Don’t you dare apologize to me.”
“And you’re doing a great job, Scott.”
“Know what?” Tony smiles back, “so am I.”
Tony hasn’t seen one of those in ages.
“Take it easy, Dad.”
Tony grits his teeth, his nostrils flaring. He’s breathing heavily, doing everything he can not to moan. He wouldn’t want to wake Hogan or Pepper for that matter, not really caring that they’d seen neither on their hurried way up to one of Hogan’s spare rooms.
“I think you’re all looking out for yourselves,” Tony points out, calmly.
“I’ve been trying to call you,” Bucky almost purrs and Steve opens his mouth to inform Bucky that he hasn’t once changed his number in the hopes that Bucky would do just that - which is why Steve quickly shuts it. “But, you’re obviously busy.”
Pepper’s paying more attention to Tony’s smile. It’s completely different now as he elaborates his experiences over the past years. As he speaks about Steve and the aftermath of the outing. About how he lost a whole lot of fans and gained a wave of new ones. About a letter he received from an anonymous high school boy who claims that Tony had inadvertently saved his life.
“Tony, please,” a man with a headset and clip board urges him to keep following, “You’re on in less than three minutes.”
The flashes are blinding and coming from all angles. The rants are even louder than before. Steve had thought the fans were bad enough, but the reporters are just
“Well it’s not happening,” Hogan states, matter-of-factly. “Your father would never allow it.”
,” Lee concludes.
“He was talking to both of us, pansy pants,” Tony chuckles, quoting a direct and particularly tasteless insult from the script.
“Not much, actually.” Joseph grins, holding firmly onto his son’s hand. “I dunno, do you think they’ll let me take a souvenir?”
“Give me something worth laughing at and I just might grace you with the honor of hearing me express my amusement.”
He pulls at the string of his jogging shorts and they instantly sagged low on his hips. The shorts have grass stains on them and he knows he’ll be slightly bruised up in the morning. He can’t be the only one who thinks that the football match against Tony and Hogan with Pepper as a partner was terribly unfair. Even if it had been friendly game.
As annoying as Bucky is, the man has a point. He is always, almost ominously, correct when it comes to the art of throbbing loins. It was, in fact, Bucky who ‘outed’ Steve after what Steve had thought was thirty two years of the best straight-acting known to man. All it had taken was one look between Steve and hi-my-name-is-Peter, the pizza delivery guy, and by the time money had been exchanged and the door had been shut, Bucky’s eyes were wide.
“No,” Tony shakes his head, unable to look away from the images.
“Hi,” she giggles for all of a second before quickly pulling herself together as if reminding herself that she’s a journalist before an enthusiast. “There have been rumors going around that Lee has already got a full cast for his next movie. Are there any other faces as glamorous as yours that will be featured in this movie, and if so, are you at liberty to tell us who?”
She doesn’t want any more questions from him. He will either be asking her to sleep with him or worse, questioning her about himself. Pepper knows this. Tony has just too many questions about himself, but they never seem to be the right ones.
“What?”
Of course Stark would take him to a shiny hotel. A really shiny, golden hotel with marble floors and high ceilings, complex patterns etched into everything. What Steve hadn’t expected was to get there on the back of a red and gold Harley Davidson Rocker. What Steve hadn’t expected was the receptionist to greet Steve by the name of Neil before handing him a keycard.
“Who is he?” Brock cuts in.
Steve clears his throat and straightens. He’s fully aware of all eyes suddenly on him and off of Mr. Stark’s lighted projection of the project’s financial forecast in the front of the boardroom. He makes a mental note to kill Bucky later when he sees his friend giving him an equally disapproving look.
“Yes, can I please speak to the incredibly sexy, Ms. Wanda,” Steve says in a voice as deep as he could fake.
“This,” Steve can feel himself shake, his lips trembling mere fractions away from Tony’s. “This is more than just…. I don’t know Tony, just getting off. This… this isn’t a game to me. This means something to me. You mean something to me.”
“I missed you,” Tony hears Steve whisper. It immediately stops his progress and he holds still, letting the words sink in. He smiles down at Steve, and when they kiss again, it’s soft and slow.
This is why Steve is scanning the DVD selection behind the beaded door of the only Video store still standing in Brooklyn. Although his cap is low, his glasses are too big for his face and his hoodie is draped over his head, Steve still feels that same rush he’d felt the first time he’d rented gay porn all those years ago back when he was still in college. It’s the adrenaline rush that keeps him coming back. The sheer possibility of being caught. The tension that builds in the pit of his stomach as the clerk double-checks his choice before giving him a measuring look. As if picturing Steve watching the fireman on the cover fucking the police officer in said overly built man’s arms, hand speeding up and down his own cock. Exactly as Steve intends on spending what’s left of his Friday night.
“I’m sorry Tony,” Lee mutters. It’s so low that he’s certain no one can hear it. It doesn’t matter either way; Tony Stark has already left the office and slammed the door.
“Just come to bed, will you?” Tony said.
Steve hears himself murmur another promise that gets lost somewhere in the back of Tony’s throat. His fingers skimming through the smaller boy’s hair, eager hands cupping his jaw and holding his neck. Anything not to lose this contact.
“I’m sorry Peter,” Rhodey shrugs earnestly, “I think we’ve heard enough. We’ll give you a call, okay?”
He knows he’s angry, his rage is directed at no one and everyone at the same time. Mainly at himself for being so stupid. For not seeing what was right in front of him, offering itself so clearly.
“Let’s get it…done,” Stark turns on his overpriced heel and makes his way back to his office, paying next to no attention to the few employees brave enough to wish him a goodnight.
Steve knows Tony is half awake. He himself has just drifted back into consciousness. When he turns around and looks up at Tony, he suddenly wishes they were both still asleep.
As he stares into Tony’s bright brown eyes and at his even brighter smile, he only just remembers he’d asked the young star to come over. He looks over Tony, hair surprisingly perfect, like it usually does on television.
“Howard, Tony was going to do it regardless of what I said,” Pepper reasons. “Besides, I never once encouraged it, I just-”
If everything would be different if Steve hadn’t stood in that specific doorway.
Steve hangs up the phone, grateful for having a slightly justifiable reason in doing so. He turns around to find Tony eyeing his new Xbox collection. Tony whistles low running his fingers across the titles.
How could he be blamed while seated across Stan Lee and under the scrutinizing eyes of Howard Stark?
Steve remembers how light kisses had led to deeper excitement. He’d taken note of Tony’s hesitance to just let go. As if he was trying to wrap his mind around it all. He’d noticed that every time he pulled back and tried to move slower, Tony would take control. Then when he began to lose self-discipline, Tony seemed to withdraw. Only slightly, but noticeably.
Steve his leg between Tony’s thighs to coax his legs further apart and Tony can’t figure out where Steve’s hands had been before, because they feel far too good kneading his ass.
And that’s when it all falls apart.
“Oh, yes,” she says, turning back to Tony. “Unfortunately, he’s out of town.”
He doesn’t believe them.
When they have a moment alone, Steve resolves as he busies himself by helping with supper.
Even with the blinds parted there’s still something about the place that makes it feel dull.
And now, all of his waiting is about to pay off.
For the first time ever, Steve actually finds himself self-conscious about the way he looks in such a situation solely due to the fact that it’s being documented. But, the way Tony tilts his head up ever so slightly and narrows his eyes, making his already thick, dark lashes seem almost too heavy for his eyelids as he looks Steve over. The way Tony makes a low, nearly inaudible noise that comes from his chest and deepens somewhere in his throat. The way Tony adjusts himself none too subtly as he turns and reaches for a remote control, all of that reassures Steve that his boss is more than pleased with his choice for the night.
“Neil, huh?” Steve thinks out loud, because awkward silences often make him insane enough not to endure them.
“It feels like I know you already,” Joseph’s handshake is firm, almost playfully challenging in a way. “The Series channel hasn’t stopped playing your re-runs all day.”
Steve shoves the phone into his pocket, not caring that he’s pouting.
“Can you please send him in,” Hill asks her assistant… for the last time that day.
“Actually,” the new employee speaks for the first time, voice already dripping with as much pomposity as his overly long face, high cheekbones and prudently constructed posture, “mine is spelt with a p-h.”
Tony holds back a chuckle at the old lady’s blatant sarcasm.
He politely nods his departure before continuing on his way.
“Come on Hogan,” Lee whines, “how can you not see the beauty of this?”
“I will do whatever you want,” Tony’s voice is much deeper than before, “you know this. But the one thing I’m
“Can it wait?” Tony swings the duffel bag over his shoulder, “I was really keen on just heading home and-”
“I wanted to see how you’re doing,” she says, looking her son over in a slightly different way than he’s used to.
Steve and Tony both laugh, oddly at ease enough with each other as the elevator doors slide shut.
Steve’s eyes narrows on their own accord, not devilishly, but thoughtfully. Pondering where exactly all this is leading. Wondering what Tony is doing. How far away he is. When he’ll be able to run to Tony for safety again.
“You two are fucking, aren’t you?” Bucky is practically climbing over the partition in complete and utter delight, refusing to let Steve deny it. And Steve is lifting his friend’s briefcase, dutifully guiding him to the elevator as Bucky demands details incredibly loudly under his breath. Steve is unable to offer any more than a smile knowing full well that it is confession enough for his friend who is ominously gifted when it comes to the art of throbbing loins. And Steve does plan on filling Bucky in on it later because Steve has shared everything with Bucky since the night he made the biggest confession of his life. The confession that only made their friendship stronger, not end it like Steve had tortured himself into believing it would.
“Listen, Natasha, I could be dating Santa-freakin’-Clause, it makes no difference,” Tony states. “My father is the only reason I’m not on the best of terms with him. We’ll leave it at that.”
“You’ve outstayed your welcome,” Hill says sternly once they’re out in the hall and the door is closed.
“I’m fine,” he says dismissively, not wanting to miss a beat of what’s happening on stage.
Accepting it was the hard part.
A few weeks ago he was the nice young fellow who waited tables at the locally frequented deli in his small hometown. And now he’s suddenly worth more than a
“That’s why I’m here,” Bucky shrugs, still watching Tony carefully.
“Yeah,” Steve nods simply, completely truthfully.
Pepper has to turn her back to prevent Howard from seeing the amusement on her face, while Hogan gives Tony his usual warning look.
“Iy Iy, Captain,” Pepper says in the deepest voice she can muster up and Tony finds himself chuckling low again. He can practically see the frown on Hogan’s face through the door.
Tony clenches his fist twice, counting down seconds before ultimately knocking on the front door.
He’s shocked that he feels slightly disappointed when Tony tugs him a little, summoning their continuation down the busy pavement.
Steve barely hears Stephen try his best to correct Bucky’s deliberate error, not when his eyes are suddenly locked with the man’s behind his termination.
It finally becomes clear to Tony what’s been disturbing his sleep. Opening one eye, he focuses on the television screen that’s illuminating the otherwise dark apartment. The flashes are torturous on his sensitive eyes so he pulls the pillow over his face and sighs.
“None of your friends knew where you were. You weren’t at home,” Hogan really does seem angry. “And you weren’t answering your phone. Do you have any idea how worried Pepper was?”
“You’re still playing that?” Tony mumbles against the pillow.
“Focus, Tony,” Jarvis frowns, “you’re arching your back. Don’t arch your back.”
“Relax,” Bucky sobers, “Stark won’t fire you. In fact, I think Starky has a thing for you.”
There’s no doubt that Tony still confuses the hell out of him. Of late, it’s been in a damn good way. But there’s something in Tony’s mood at that moment makes Steve certain that the question he’s been dying to ask for quite a while will never have a better moment than now to be voiced.
“I’ll give you everything you need, right now,” Howard smirks convincingly, “if you’ll leave. Forget everything that’s happened while you were here. And stay the hell away from my son.”
“Bucky,” Steve warns with a sigh. He watches the two boys shake hands as civilized as two civilized young men can fake.
“That’s more like it.” Tony says, as Steve crosses the water, closing the distance between them.
“I wouldn’t be on top of you if we were,” Steve quips.
As Jarvis walks off to another machine, Pepper moves quickly to sit in front of Tony on the ground. She places his foot in her lap, urging him to stretch his leg and roll his ankle.
Steve looks deep in thought for a second. Only for a second, before taking one last glance over his shoulder to the only window emitting light, and then back into the challenging eyes of Tony Stark.
Secondly, they’re still shaking hands, neither bothering with actual introductions.
“So obviously, Zane is distraught,” Tony continues.“He asks around town, he tries everything. But he eventually gives up and totally pretends that he’s alright with everything. But something snaps inside him on the day of his graduation. He realizes he’s about to completely move on with his life, go off and study, fall in love, live. And he doesn’t want to. Not without Jake. So guess what he does.”
What’s done is done.
“Trust me,” Tony whispers, “You never get used to this.”
“Well to be honest with you, Peggy,” Tony begins, “there are a few complications that are preventing us from continuing airing the show. That’s all I’m permitted to say.”
Steve can’t quite wrap his mind around why Tony is trying so hard. A part of him knows Tony is just making an effort to make him feel like he can fit in. Part of him believes Tony feels sorry for him. The most part of him wishes that Tony just enjoys his company. It’s far-fetched even just thinking about it, but we wants to believe that.
Steve feels his tenacity slip and he’s immediately unlaced. Whatever it was that had been blocking out emotion or keeping it at precisely the right distance was completely wrecked now. His heart thumps dangerously hard, pumping fueled emotion into his system, through his veins. He squeezes his eyes shut, battling it one last time.
“Yeah,” Tony says, “he’d been hiding it from Zane the entire time. He’d been going through clinical trials back home without telling his boyfriend, but it finally becomes clear to Zane why Jake had been acting strange prior to his departure.”
But right now, Steve has a very important movie date with his boss, a movie starring Neil Patrick Harris and Sean William Scott. And when he enters Tony’s office to find Stark sitting on the black leather couch, shirt unbuttoned and tie hanging loose, face lit solely by the light from the computer monitor and lips slightly wet from the scotch in his hand, Steve is ecstatic to be the first to know that the movie will most certainly be having a sequel.
more than ever, Tony
“I’m not one of you,” Steve adds quietly, as if just remembering that little fact himself.
He has no idea what to think about Steve Rogers.
? Tonight?”
He feels so guilty for ever doubting Steve. For ever believing his father.
“Tony –”
If little gestures like pouring cereal was going to evoke a smile like that out of Tony, Steve decides right then that he’ll do stuff like that more often. Or as often as possible. He blushes sheepishly as he takes the chair across from Tony.
“Well, you know what,” Tony shrugs, “it doesn’t matter because it’s not true.”
Steve quickly brushes it off, knowing that it isn’t possible.
“Jesus Christ, Stevo,” Bucky interrupts, “death-by-heart disease is completely illogical considering how you got fired from the job you’ve only been planning on quitting since Tony took over. And so what, Stark and you are over. If you ask me he was a closeted, absent dick of a boyfriend anyway. Not to mention he was definitely violating all sorts of workplace moral codes, even if he is a Stark.”
Steve inwardly kicks himself again. He has to stop doing that.
“You know what,”  Tony shrugs his mother off, dropping his bag. “I think for the first time I finally do. So I got used, big deal. It happens all the time to people like me.”
“Must’ve been awesome though,” Tony says thoughtfully.
Being with Tony has shown Steve his generous side too. The side that offers time instead of money, assistance instead of cheques. Steve will never forget how ridiculously rich Tony looked in a stained apron and hairnet as he got hands-on in one of his many side-projects. The types that are so selfless that nobody knows about them simply due to the fact that the tabloids deem them too boring to print.
“Feels longer. I guess the PG rated version of the question on everyone’s mind is, where the hell have you been?”
“So,” Bucky hangs over the partition like he has every single day since Steve and he became cubical neighbours fresh out of college, “since Stark so economically replaced you with another Steven, I guess that means we won’t have to change the name on the locker at the corporate gym.”
, he’s his child.”
Over the past few days, Tony has become accustomed to the look of shock that people give him when they find out that Hogan is no longer his agent. None match his own devastation when he’d gotten the news. But Tony has a new theory in life.
“Let’s get you home,” Tony whispers, getting to his feet and helping Steve up in the process.
The crowd laughed at the face that Tony made. “I would hope that
Pepper watches Hogan carefully, watching his face turn color with emotion.
“Depends on which
“Only the dangerous ones,” Pepper smiles, hitting Tony’s hands away once she finds the key.
“Because….?” Pepper asks, urging Tony to continue.
A few hours later and everything’s changed right in front of him.
Tony sighs, closing his eyes and letting his head fall back. His heart has been beating uncharacteristically slower and faster of late. Jarvis said it was anxiety and that he must take it easy for a while. Tony has a tiny feeling that it just might be something else.
“Good morning,” Pepper says cheerfully, completely unaware of the conflagration she and Hogan have just stepped into.
“Hello Laura,” Tony ups the charm, making the young lady blush brilliantly.
Tony grins.
Steve laughs, not caring the least bit about the blush that tints his cheeks. Mainly because that thought had, in fact, crossed his mind more times than once.
“What does all this mean?”
“There is this one thing…” Tony continues.
“What do you think it’s about this time?” Pepper asks as they walk up the immaculate driveway between lush gardens.
“If your dad finds out you’ve been drinking again you’re in shit,” she says, making an effort not to look at his face. He’s doing that thing again. That thing that Tony does when he’s inebriated. He’s revealing that part of himself that only Pepper knows. The part that scares and excites her all at the same time.
Tony grins when he figures he’s finally gotten her attention.
Tony doesn’t like challenges. He lives for them.
“Steve?” Tony isn’t sure he’s hearing clearly.
This is certainly more enthralling than stealing innocent looks at each other during the day. Even better than the occasional inappropriate groping during their earlier football match.
“Steve,” Tony takes a step closer to the blond boy who doesn’t bother backing away, the threat in his eyes should be enough to keep any smart man at bay.
Steve looks back at Tony, brave enough not to move away even though they are far too close. Tony’s smile is so breathtaking; it has Steve’s heart beating even faster. He looks down at their joined hands for the first time and sighs with the tiniest grateful smile. And then Tony lets go all too quickly in Steve’s opinion, but just in time when he notices the valet swinging the door open.
Tony nudges Hogan on the arm as they walk down dark passageways.
“I’m not done with you yet” Steve says quietly, the gentle words breaking the tension that had risen between the two of them.
As they stroll down the red carpet, he has no time to admire the other celebrities and their shiny costumes. He’s concentrating too hard on not tripping. Not smiling too hard. Trying to remember if he checked his hair before he left his hotel room or his teeth after he flossed.
Tony absently taps his fingers on the armrest anxiously.
Tony moves past the photos, feeling tense relief when the next page of the file gives him exactly what he needed.
It takes Hogan all of five seconds of halting Howard’s advance on Tony before Howard calms down.
“What am I doing?” Tony asks, almost managing to sound as innocent as he looks.
Neither of them are the least bit surprised when the gates automatically open before them. Both can almost feel Howard’s glare burning into them from somewhere off in the mansion.
Steve grins, thankful that she decides to let his blatant slip pass for once.
‘Tony Stark’ Steve was talking about; how had he allowed himself to get so deluded. How the hell could Steve have been so wrong?
“Lee kinda just…” Steve shrugs with a sigh, tossing his phone on the bed. “Where’ve you been, I’ve been tryna get you for the past week.”
has overtly come out of the closet. Ladies and Gentlemen, we’ve all questioned his sexual orientation and now we’ve been answered, as he  takes his ‘outing’ a step further by accepting a gay role from Marvel Productions’ producer, Stan Lee. All I can say is, Tony Stark, it’s about time. More news on this when we return.”
Tony Stark is shattered.
“Let’s try this one more time,” Tony decides, rolling up his sleeves.
“I’m not talking about that, and you know it,” Pepper turns around under the soft duvet, glaring at the side of Hogan’s face. “Why am I even speaking to you, I didn’t expect you to care. You never have. I’m going to check on him because, you know, Hogan, someone has to look at that boy as something other than a complete fuck-up. Since I’ve been handed that role, I’ll run with it.”
Another silent reminder of how he isn’t a child anymore.
“Mr. Stark,” Steve begins, “I’m fully aware of the fact that you don’t want your son to be in the movie. But I have nothing to do with his decision.”
“And how does Steve feel that he’s the reason for your fallout with your father,”
The simplest of words with infinite meaning hit Steve so hard. Steve can’t hold it in anymore and it only becomes harder when the tears in his father’s eyes sparkled as well. Steve finally lets them fall freely, moving his hand over his father’s as Joseph gently wipes his son’s damp cheeks.
High school hadn’t been the easiest time for Steve, as socially challenged as he was and so finding Bucky was easily the epitome of his adolescence. James Bucky Barnes, the misunderstood bad boy down the street who everyone avoided and Joseph practically took in. Bucky who had a brilliants smile and could detail a vehicle even quicker than his father could. Bucky who gave Steve his first kiss weeks after Steve had already given him his heart.
Tony nods easily. Steve assumes this type of indecisiveness isn’t alien to him at all.
“Hopefully for Steve’s sake, your co-star is a girl.”
Then Tony is yanking his shirt over his head as Steve spins them around pressing Tony into the wall. Their lips met again, this time, all hesitation cast aside. As if been taken over by a new wave of avid flame, all that Tony knows is that he wants this. He wants it so badly that he wastes no time unbuckling his own belt after removing Steve’s top.
But Stark is clearly not invested enough to examine the mental condition that he clearly thinks Steve is suffering from. He turns on his overpriced heel and makes his way to the elevator, paying next to no attention to the few employees brave enough to wish him a happy weekend. If the rumors are true, Stark probably has a pretty blonde thing waiting in the limo downstairs with Stark’s favorite brand of scotch in one hand and no panties on under her miniskirt.
Terribly irritated by fact that he doesn’t even remember her name.
The entire time while in the office, Stan Lee had said nothing. Steve had taken the only comfort he could in the sorrowful looks that Stan Lee had given him. Sorrow that could easily be misread as guilt.
“Bucky,” Ms. Wanda nods, not offering him any more acknowledgment before scurrying into the house, “I’m going to start dinner.”
“It’s pretty late,” Steve says suggestively.
“Man, I wish he would’ve given up the bike,” Tony’s still chuckling. “Harley Rogers. I would’ve loved being with you in high school.”
“Where’s Jarvis?” Tony asks, even though he takes the proffered glass. Steve isn’t even offended by the way Tony’s eyes narrow as he sniffs the beverage. He knows it’s perfect. Jarvis privately taught him the technique countless times that week until it was so flawless that Jarvis couldn’t even tell them apart.
Tony opens his mouth to speak, broad smile giving Lee hope.
“You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting to hear you say that.” Pepper says with a sigh. “I think Tony should know that, though. I think
“Way? What way? He’s been that way or ages,” Hogan shakes his head. “Tony is the biggest star since Johnny Depp was in
But he isn’t going to stop. He isn’t about to make Steve stop. Not when for the first time in his life, the person he’s doing
Right then, Tony feels like his life over the past few weeks has just been one big production.
“You could have called.”
“Always,” Brock nods, gesturing unnecessarily towards his apartment corridor, “My hard drive is a vault.”
It’s a misplaced feeling, considering it how it is his job to make money off of the mishaps of others. But it’s different with Sharon.
As Tony releases over Steve’s hand and over his own stomach, all he can think about is the distorted perfection of it all. The dangerous pleasure. The insane normality.
“No, Tony,” Pepper says, her words contradicting her actions when she allows herself to be led back to the living room couch slowly.
His golden blond hair is tied back in a short tail with strands falling out at precisely the right places. His eyes are a deep blue that can be seen from across the room. The light stubble on his chin gives him a slightly rebellious look. Tony can picture this guy on a stage in tight faded jeans with an acoustic guitar and a microphone.
Nothing provocative. Nothing exciting.
merchandise at a music store and then dazzle at a press conference. I was gonna bring you back a shirt but I know how much you
Tony feels Steve’s hand slip underneath his shirt and slide up to his chest, leaving a trail of Goosebumps in its wake. He feels Steve’s warm breath hit his neck and Steve’s chest rise and fall against his side.
“I don’t see why Tony doesn’t just take his old mans’ advice,” Hogan frowns, “it would make things a lot easier on him. In fact, on all of us.”
Who he was to hate and fall in love with was not his choice. The decisions he made were not his own.
Tony almost loses his phlegmatic demeanor, taken slightly off guard with the fact that this is the kid.  This is the boy who’s been chosen to be his co-star. Everyone in the studio has been speaking so much about Steve Rogers, and with twenty days until production, Tony had known he was bound to meet him sooner or later.
“How many times are we actually going to have to do this?” Steve demands.
“And,” Steve spins round and gestures to the kitchen island like the pretty lady in a tight red dress pointing to the car on an old gameshow, “for the piece de resistance, blueberry buttermilk pancakes.”
He’d been expecting the arrival of his parents, returning from their Sunday afternoon bike ride. One they had enjoyed together ever since Steve could remember, and even before that. Instead, Steve had been greeted by two, burly police officers standing at the door with news that altered his life forever.
“What the hell else is he supposed to do?” Pepper shoots back, “Howard isn’t exactly making living at home easy for him.”
“Are you alright, sir?” the young lady asks once turning off her vacuum cleaner, the low hum of the machine disappears.
And with that, Tony was gone.
“Apparently he’s got some master plan to make the world think it’s just another media fabrication.”
The past year with Tony Stark had been anything but ordinary. Nothing short of pleasurable. Exponentially enthralling. And it wasn’t just the sex even though their unsubstantial chemistry in bed was so complex that he’d often thought it should be studied and written about in semantics only the most eccentric of minds would understand.
He looks at his mother. Even Maria’s staring nervously at the television screen in Hogan’s office. Whenever Tony screws up – which is often - while everyone else is doing their utmost to make him feel bad, his mother is always right beside him, offering him sweet, silent smiles.
Steve stops moving and Tony wishes he hadn’t because the second he does, an intense need to thrust against him takes over Tony.
“Sure,” the boy agrees awkwardly as if not offering before being asked is the rudest thing he’s done all year. .
“Look, Daddy, its Robert Downey Jr,” one girl says, pointing a tiny finger at Tony.
“Whatever happened to democracy?” Tony smiles anyway as he turns to leave.
“Well I don’t know about that,” Tony gives a modest grin.
Steve nods absently, and when he looks back at Bucky, he’s now staring, wide-eyed, at Tony.
Steve looks at Tony, almost completely at loss for words.
“Thank you for your time, Sharon.” Steve says with a polite smile.
And Steve lost Bucky.
“Don’t do that,” Joseph gives a sad smile, “don’t make your old man cry.”
Tony looks thoughtful for a second before smiling and shutting his eyes. “And stripping me never came to mind?”
Tony’s constantly asking himself the same question, and so he doesn’t bother answering Clint. He knows it obviously has something to do with the fact that he’d taken on Stan Lee’s role. He’s certain Hogan had a problem with that. And so, he felt, if Hogan had a problem with that, Hogan shouldn’t matter.
“Hey,” Steve nods his greeting, wondering for the life of him why he’s bothered making his voice deeper, “you didn’t happen to see a scruffy faced looking guy come in here? About, five-ten? Long, dark hair? Most likely wearing all black?”
Hogan does’t doubt it.
“You know,” Bucky hangs over the partition and Steve notices his friend is already all coated up and ready to bolt, just in case Stark comes back and makes him stay behind too – guilt by association. Stark has done it before. “He only does that to you because you let him.”
As Pepper and Hogan enter, they’re immediately greeted by a sturdy look from the man behind the office desk. He watches them above the brim of his spectacles, not caring much for their hesitance.
Her red hair falls over slender shoulders, red lips even glossier up close, and though Tony can never quite see Natasha Romanov as a civilized human being, he decides he’ll try to at least attempt to tonight.
“Holy shit,” Pepper completely ignores Howard, her eyes still fixed on Tony. Her smile brighter than ever. All men look at her, Hogan secretly relieved that the attention is off him for a second. “Do you have any idea what it means to get in with Marvel Productions?”
Tony’s acting completely casual. A little too casual considering the situation. But then Steve begins to confuse himself because it’s exactly what he’d wanted. For Tony not to freak out. For Tony not to go back on what he’d said last night.
“Now, whatever you do, do not talk to Natasha Romanov,” Tony goes on. “Few get passed her without shedding tears, and that includes the men.”
He heats up to heights unknown, instantly cooling seconds later in that familiar state of being taken over.
“I’m just really dying to know what that means.
One last sigh escapes his parted lips before he turns his cellphone on.
“Rogers’s residents,” the familiar, motherly voice beams pleasantly, “How may I help you.”
Simply put, it is a terrifying.
“Jarvis!”
Steve is grateful, though he still slips into the bathroom as Tony makes his way to the door.
“What?” Steve asks, half wondering if he’s done something wrong. Half trying to remember if Tony had ever mentioned anything about being lactose intolerant.
Maria can’t help but marvel at how much Tony resembles Howard right then.
“I’ve been busy,” Tony confesses, “out of the country actually.”
the show.”
Somewhere where human beings actually considered the fact that stepping on another man’s foot might cause the guy a degree of pain.
“Let’s get it on,” Tony whispers and this time Steve does huff out a laugh. Because the music had been completely forgotten, blocked out by the blood rushing in Steve’s ears. And Steve is sure a line like that would certainly win them some sort of award in the Painfully Corny Gay Amateur Porn category. But all mirth quickly dies away when Tony gives Steve’s two sure stokes and says, “-open me up so we can get this in me already.”
“There’s nothing wrong, Tony,” she tries to sound casual, just to lighten his mood. Tony’s slipping, she knows. Too much wine does strange things to his mood. She hardly ever understands where all the depression and doubt in himself comes from. Or maybe she does, she just never wants to admit it to herself.
“Okay,” he shrugs after little thought before getting to his feet.
Tony’s been joking like this the entire time, from the second the role was handed over. Even before. He’s been referring to Steve as his boyfriend when in the studio. No one has taken it seriously, assuming it was just Tony being Tony. Now, it makes Stan wonder just how long the little affair had been going on for.
“Tony Stark,” comes a lady’s voice from amidst the entire din. “Tony, can I have a word with you.”
“You’ve got no more excuses, Mr. Rogers,” Tony sprawls his arms out on the ledge of the swimming pool. “I didn’t bring my swim trunks either, but I made a plan. Now get with it.”
“I can read it and get back to you, right?” Tony asks as he holds the stack and views the title page.
“We’re closed,” the lady behind the desk shouts, taking a drag from her cigarette.
doesn’t mean a thing to me. I shoot celebrities. Not
“So anyway,” Tony continues, “where’s Steve, I thought my boyfriend would be here.”
Hogan isn’t sure if he’s more surprised by her actions or by the smile he’s greeted by when he finally looks into her eyes again.
His hair is long, tied in a single, low ponytail. His jeans are worn and the black jacket that he’s wearing seems as though it had been tailored just for him. Tony doubts anyone else can pull that look off, but this guy does almost poetically.
“Uh,” Tony smiles nervously, “Steve, maybe?”
“Going on five years now, right?”
“Nice socks,” Tony practically purrs and Steve practically dies because he just had to have chosen that day to wear that ridiculous pair. One foot, blue with white stars and the other, white with red stripes. It’s the last time he ever keeps a birthday gift from Bucky.
It’s so intoxicating that he wonders if he’ll be able to actually get any sleep.
“Why didn’t
Steve and Tony had been spending most of their time together. They had a bond. They were friends. The kiss was just something else, it was good acting. It was dedication to the art of the business. It was so insanely hot that as Tony lay on his back that night, all he could think about was the stupid kiss. Steve’s lips, his hands. Steve’s body, smooth and hard against his own. Denial was pulling out all sorts of emotions that Tony was completely unaccustomed to.
It might be the sudden rush of fresh air or the loud bustle of busy streets and busier sidewalks, but as Steve scans the bumper to bumper stream of vehicles for something yellow and black, it’s almost as if Bucky only just realizes that his best friend has lost his job. And lost his boyfriend.  Steve looks down just in time to see the most sincere apology mask Bucky’s face without him even having to utter a word. Sometimes Steve prefers the narcissistic, light-hearted Bucky instead of this. This sad Bucky validates Steve’s own sorrow and reminds him that the pain he’s feeling is real.
Maria clasps her hands together, thinking of a good way to approach the subject. She notices that Tony is distracting himself with small tasks, like changing his shoes and stuffing his gear into his duffel bag.
And then Tony moans when Steve pushes back, depth dilated and cock hard, hand more adventurous when he manages to work it into Tony’s jeans. More dominant when his middle finger slips between Tony’s cheeks and the shorter man nearly breaks the skin on his back.
So, Steve very subtly opens his drawer, retrieves a compact disk of his own and pushes it towards his boss.
“That boy is doing everything he can to try to get back into Steve’s life,” Ms. Wanda shakes her head. “Well, now that Steve is worth something in his eyes.”
Steve’s never heard of it before and he isn’t quite sure if the place has always been there. But after Bucky had woken him up from his self-pitying slumber with a string of angry text messages; an unemployed, loveless night of irresponsible drinking with his best friend quickly sounded worlds better than moping himself to death on a Friday night. It didn’t take long for Steve to decide to hop in and out of the shower and grab a cab to the GPS coordinates Bucky had sent him along with the many threats of bodily harm he’d inflict on Steve if Steve left him ‘hanging’.
A familiar looking young man, shifting from foot to other, doing his best to blend in with the hospital walls.
“Should I be worried?” Tony asks offhandedly. Then he feels himself blush for two reasons.
stop the ‘bigot’ rumors about me,” Tony says thoughtfully.
After sitting with Ms. Wanda for the better part of two hours, he’s found out what he’d wanted to know. Steve’s truth. He didn’t really care about everyone else’s.
“Thor Odinson,” Rhodey says, paying next to no attention to Tony as he sifts through the headshots in front of himself.
Tony gives Hogan one last wide grin before following the eager man.
Prolonging the issue wasn’t making it any easier, quite the opposite. And so Stan decides to dive right into it.
Tony smiles, wondering if the short time they’d spent together could have anything to do with it. He would like to think it did.
“That’s not what I meant,” he says calmly, eyes now completely fixed on Tony.
“Oh,” Tony feigns confusion, “I thought we were rehearsing scene eleven.”
“I wanted to,” Tony chuckles. “For the longest time. But time and work. There was never really any time.”
“That boy has no idea how much shit he’s causing all of us,” Hogan frowns, quickening his pace down the hallway and to the staircase.
“Hello,” Steve grudgingly answers, grateful when Tony takes a moment to stop walking so that he can at least attempt to hear his interrupter over the liveliness around them.
“Billy,” the man calls out to some door leading to the back, the kitchen Steve presumes. “Billy Bob, will you come out here and fix this young man his girly drink. I’ll take over inventory.”
From the emotion that flashes over Steve Rogers’s face, Sharon’s guessing it wasn’t too long ago that this happened. She will not dare ask.
Pepper curses, and then laughs.
Brock is still half way to the door, battling to get his pants back on, slightly annoyed by the fact that he’s forced to multi-task. A little more annoyed by the fact that the girl in his bed assumes he’s psychic.
“You sort of passed out” Steve says carefully, “It seemed cruel to wake you.”
“Camera shy?” Tony flashes a grin only slightly less menacing than the red light the camera suddenly offers.
Even so, Steve couldn’t pass up the opportunity and says with a smug smirk, “So, you were worried about me?”
“I… I was… That
Tony becomes excited when he sees that Steve had drawn his bots along with Dodger. Tony points at a particular drawing of Dodger and DUM-E playing a game of tug-of-war, or what was close to one, laughingly saying, “Oh my god, this is gold! We need to frame that. They’re so competitive.”
“Steve?! Shit!”
The man was cut off by gasps of surprise that got drowned out by the familiar sound of flight thrusters, followed by the loud clanking sound of the Iron Man suit landing a few feet behind him.
“I probably should’ve taken you to an actual breakfast or bagel joint over this,” she said.
“Thanks for trying,” He murmurs.
“Oh,” he blinked as if he was interrupted from deep thoughts. “Likewise, Doctor Palmer.”
“What’s wrong with Dodger?”
Unfortunately, awkward situations follow Steve like the plague. There was that time during the war when he thought Peggy and Howard were something more behind closed doors, and he had felt that burst of jealousy coursing through his veins, to the point of having a confrontation with Peggy. Definitely not his proudest moment.
“Well, we will take him to a shelter and hope someone adopts him. And honestly, who wouldn’t? He’ll get snagged up quick just with the publicity from today alone. Also, look at that cute face,” she coos as the dog wags his tail.
“Okay. I’ll go downstairs to get some breakfast.” She nudged her daughter,” Hey, baby. Mommy’s going to go get something to eat, okay? I’ll be right back, and be good for Uncle Happy, okay?”
“Did Daddy wake up?” asked Morgan, her big, brown eyes filled with hope.
Steve shakes his head.
“Of course,” Tony said with a watery smile. “C’mon, let’s pinky swear it.” He held out his pinky towards Morgan. Morgan giggled and intertwined her smaller pinky with his own.
God, he’d blame himself for somehow convincing Tony to come back into this just to lose him in the end. Then there was the matter of his family . . .
Steve looks at him in shock, unsure of what to make of his suggestion.
“No, I still have my apartment in Brooklyn. I’m alright.”
Suddenly, the ominous sound of groaning metal comes from above him and Steve looks up just in time to see the ceiling collapsing in on him. He attempts to jump out of the way, but it’s too late. He’s caught underneath it and he feels, what must be, a support beam fall on his back.
Yeah, Steve’s got it bad, and he’s aware that there’s a big, goofy smile on his face.
or something.”
He remembered a distraught Peter, crying -
Steve sighs. He finishes tying up his running shoes, grabs his drawstring bag and StarkPhone, and makes his way out of the bedroom door. He goes down to the communal kitchen to get something in his stomach before his run. It feels like one of those days where he might be running longer than usual.
“I don’t know, Sam. Barnes may have a point.” Rhodey snickered. “You definitely sound like you need it. Poor, Groot.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sure, but in the meantime…” Tony grabs the tennis ball from Steve’s hand and throws it.
Though sometimes he wants to kiss him to shut him up.
Despite his exhaustion, this spurred Steve’s need to do something. “We-we need to get him to a hospital fast,” he urged and took a step forward.
But Steve’s face was the last thing he saw before he blacked out.
“And now you know why.”
Tony rolls his eyes before they land on the sketchbook.
a hospital. However, that should have been expected with the pitiful disguise of a sole baseball cap he was donning.
“Yeah, I remember.”
Tony snickers and Steve rolls his eyes.
“You were literally right there in front of me and didn’t even warn me, asshole.”
There’s an indescribable feeling that Steve gets when Tony easily used
,” Tony says breathlessly, and Steve is floored.
? You're incredible in every imaginable way and I just want to be wherever you are. You kind of filled this void that I didn’t even realize I had. And there’s the way you make me feel. And your drawing of me, the way you see me, I just—”
he said as he lifted his arm so she could get closer to embrace him and extended his hand towards Pepper, who tried to compose herself but failed as a few tears trailed down her face. “Pep, it’s okay,” he said as he waited for her to grasp his own hand.
He’s safe in his bedroom in the tower, then. “JARVIS, thank you,” he says as he makes a move to get up from the bed. “What time is it?”
“Tony, when was the last time you went to bed?” Steve asks, trying to mask the accusatory tone of his voice.
Steve frowns and moves closer to the dog to scratch behind his ears.
“Yeah, I did. It’s not exactly rocket science, Steve.”
“It’s fine, really. I should have seen that coming,” he said with a slight smile.
Neither of them notice Dodger trot out of the medical bay.
However, he suddenly becomes nervous because he knows what’s coming next.
sleep, bud.”
“Well, I just want to make sure you understand, Captain, that if the owner does turn up within the month and the shelter doesn’t find anything wrong when it investigates the circumstances behind this dog being at the park, you will have to surrender the dog to them.”
“Good morning, Captain Rogers. How may I be of assistance?”
Until it wasn’t.
Steve’s heart wrenched at the thought of Natasha.
“Because he’s...
Pepper forced a reassuring smile. Those eyes were definitely her father’s. “No, baby. He didn’t. He’s still sleeping.”
In this case, however, he wanted to wipe it off his face. It meant something different, and he didn’t like it. That look didn’t belong there. And Tony tried to do so - tried to offer a sarcastic quip to change the expression on Steve’s face, but all he managed was half a smirk - the pain and exhaustion prevented him from conveying what he wanted to.
I’m so sorry that this chapter took this long to post. Like I mentioned before, I was traveling, but I also started another class at uni and it so happens to be a long Saturday class where I have projects due every week up until my bday which is November 18 lol. I should have more free time to write after the 18th since both of my classes will be concluded and it’ll be the holidays. Yay! But don’t worry, I’ll continue to write in between then.
“Truly an intelligent animal,” Thor booms, feeding Dodger a piece of Pupperony Jerky.
“No, it’s okay, JARVIS. I just need to go out for a run,” he says in a rush. He changes into some sweats and a t-shirt. He needs to clear his head and he doesn’t need to unload his nightmares onto Tony Stark.
He’s positive now, he wants to keep him.
He heard the unmistakable, frantic clicking of Pepper’s heels drifting away, but he heard quiet steps coming closer, and then the sound of a chair scraping closer towards him.
, Steve wonders.
bigger bed. Mine’s free, by the way, and far more comfortable.”
“I had to go in there and get him, and see him lying unconscious and bloody under a mountain of rubble…” Tony sighs deeply to himself. “When are you going to get it through your thick head that we need you?
“Nothing… just, after your favorite baseball team?”
“Welcome to your new home, Dodger.”
And here he was again; robbing Pepper of her moment to be the one Tony wakes up to - his actual long-time partner and wife, who had been there for him longer than Steve ever had. However, Pepper, gracious Pepper, only glanced at him with a strange look that was there for a second and continued to walk into the room to stand beside her daughter and husband. There was no scandalous reaction and simply put, it was because Pepper was who she was - a person who handles things with professionalism and class.
Steve really doesn’t know what to make of anything in this exact moment because, one, Steve could have sworn that prior to all of this, Dodger was lounging on his dog bed, and two, he couldn’t tell if this really was a coincidence or purposeful, that Tony would walk in while he was thinking of him in such a way that was beyond friendship.
And just as he heard the tapping of Pepper’s heels coming closer, he opened his mouth and groggily said, “Steve?”
That morning, Steve wakes up to find his door open all the way.
If anything, everything Tony was experiencing was a complete and total blur.
“Or maybe—ya know as they say—he’s very
Actually, now that he thought about it, this had happened before.
He walks back to his bed and lays down for the second time tonight. He pats the empty side of the bed and Dodger follows the cue to jump on the bed and curls up next to Steve.
“Wait. Don’t move him,” a voice called out.
” Tony argues as pink begins to bloom on his cheeks.
“Tony it’s,” he checks his bedside clock, “5 a.m. What’s going on?”
“I’m positive,” he says and adds a reassuring smile for good measure. “Anyway, I’m going to go for a run, I’ll be back later. Call me if you need me!” He turns to get into the elevator and doesn’t hesitate to press the ‘close door’ button just in case Tony tries to dig some more.
“One day, Tony. I’ll find a way to break that habit of yours.”
“Wait,” Steve finds himself saying. He pats the space next to him. “C’mere, sit.”
,” Tony rounds back on him, his expressive eyes shining. “Drive me crazy. Literally. What the fuck was that back there? I told you that the building could collapse at any minute and you just didn’t listen. Why can’t you follow a single goddamn order for once in your life?”
I'm currently in the process of writing chapter 2. We'll probably get to see Tony there. lol
Tony simply stares in response.
Steve and Tony look at each other with lingering heat, reluctant to let go. Tony sighs and gets off first and Steve sits up on the bed as he watches Tony walk towards the source of the ringing.
Not that he would ever resent Dodger for coming into his life at all. He was grateful. These past few weeks, Dodger has been there, trying to wake him up before the nightmares get worse. He comforted him through the night, almost keeping the nightmares at bay. Steve hasn’t slept this peacefully since…
Tony’s gaze shifted from Pepper to Steve in acknowledgment. Steve could see that Tony was trying to say something, moving his lips to form the words, but Steve placed a hand on his leg and said, “Don’t, Tony. Save your strength.”
The silence that followed was companionable, which was fine and all, but it felt as if it was lacking the vibrancy that Tony carried with him. If Tony had been here with them, he would have deflected the allegation with his sharp wit. They would never hear the end of it.
“Ugh, fine.”
The shrill sound of a cell phone ringer goes off making the two men jump apart.
“That’s because by the time I normally wake up it’s already brewed,” He says pointedly.
“JARVIS, he’s a
“Oh. I thought it was like, still nighttime,” he says yawning and rubbing at one of his eyes. “Well, morning Cap.”
The vet nods and proceeds to hand him the adoption paperwork for him to sign.
Steve raised an eyebrow at that.
“Why?”
“Nothing?” Tony asks.
The only reason why they started spending so much time together was because of Dodger. If Dodger hadn’t come into their lives, they would’ve continued having civil conversations as housemates and teammates but not as the friends they are now. Steve would’ve stayed the same, alone and trying to assimilate into his new life.
The missile makes contact with its intended target and all Steve can see is a fiery explosion.
Because they had done it; they finished Thanos
“There. See? Now I can’t go back to sleep until you come back. Now go, and bring me something back. I’m starving.”
“Honestly? I think you should,” Tony says with a slight smile. “Anyway, you can think it over more on the way back to the tower, Happy’s waiting for us in the car.”
“Well, I’m sorry I interrupted your game,” Steve says sheepishly to DUM-E and Dodger.
“I know what you did,” he says coldly, lowering his voice and not breaking eye contact. “I’m willing to bet I’m not the only one.” He shifts his eyes towards the crowd. “All of these cameras and cell phones… we’re living in an age where information travels fast. I’m sure someone else here caught what you did, and it’ll be all over the internet in less than a minute.”
“So it’s official?” asked Steve.
Anyway thanks for reading! Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated! ❤️
“No… I’m just very sleep deprived. You know what they say about operating heavy machinery and all of that,” he absentmindedly waves his hand around and takes a seat on the floor and Steve follows suit.
All chattering ceases and most of the people shake their heads ‘no’. From the corner of his eye, he sees a burly man in a groundskeeper uniform try to blend in with the crowd to make an exit. He narrows his eyes and projects his next words onto him.
at the attempt while he
“Honestly, ‘Tasha? It’s too late. Tell Thor I need five fingers of that mead, I’d like to blackout now.”
The suit takes off into the sky and Tony motions to Steve, “Well, let's go Cap!”
He’s in the cockpit of the Valkyrie. No… it’s the cockpit of the Quinjet?
“Oh. Sorry. What were you saying again?” Steve asked, shaking his head to try and clear it from his previous thoughts.
“Yeah.”
“Do you have any idea where Dodger is?”
“Deal.” He says warmly.
“Yeah, yeah,” he waves him off and steps out of the elevator. He looks towards the direction of the kitchen. “Did you just make fresh coffee? You never make coffee.”
Regardless, Tony hasn’t ever expressed any kind of interest in him beyond friendship. Sure, he flirts but he does that with everyone, even Bruce. And Steve doesn’t know where to begin to show him that he is, in fact, interested in him.
Tony rolls his eyes.
Steve sighs, “Tony, you need to start taking better care of yourself.”
Morgan’s expression fell. “Oh,” she said. She then turned her face towards her father. She reached out with her tiny hand to grasp the hand that Pepper had been holding previously.
“Hi, sweetheart,” greeted Pepper as Morgan approached her. She reached her arms out to embrace her daughter and lifted her onto her lap.
Shaking his head from these distracting thoughts, Steve opens his sketchbook to the first few pages, presenting Tony with his initial sketches of Dodger. Tony stares at them in awe, the occasional comment of praise leaving his lips, making Steve blush. This is personal, and it was time that he shared this part of himself with Tony.
“Well, I don’t stand for anyone that partakes in animal cruelty,” he sneers. “And Stark is one of the best men I know, so you’d do well to never speak of him like that again.” If it wasn’t for the dog in his arms, he’d have grabbed this man by the front of his shirt.
They’re laying there in silence with Dodger in between them. Steve is stock still. He wants to get closer since this is definitely the only chance he’ll ever get to sleep in the same bed as Tony, but he can’t. They’re just friends. It’s probably for the best that he doesn’t get a taste of the closeness he craves. He’s not sure he’d be able to go back to sleeping alone.
“Yes, mommy.” Morgan got down from Pepper’s lap.
“That’s perfect, let me just cut to the chase, then. The reason why I’m calling is because a month has already passed, and I just wanted you to know that no one has claimed Dodger as theirs at the shelter. So, therefore he’s officially-”
Steve doesn’t respond, he just smiles, nods, and their lips meet once more.
“We need to get up there. Now.”
The next time Steve awakens, it’s 7 a.m. and his bed is empty. Steve groggily gets up and looks around the bedroom. “Dodger?” He calls out.
to his owner’s emotions,” he says as he reaches out to scratch behind the dog's ear one last time before stepping into the elevator.
“Shut up. I’m just saying that it’s not weird or anything,” Tony shrugs nonchalantly.
“Oh, okay,” He looks back at the armor. “Did you really have to take the suit to come here?”
“Uh-huh.”
“There’s currently a chemically induced fire in the city that emergency personnel can’t seem to control and they require the Avengers’ assistance for evacuation immediately.”
As she passed by the nurse’s station, which was by the elevators, she heard a loud commotion coming from the opposite direction. She saw other nurses turn their heads to the source of it, and she couldn't help but do the same.
“Hawkeye, status?”
Dodger, a dog, has outsmarted Steve, a master tactician and Tony, a literal genius. They thought the first occurrence was a cosmic fluke, but Dodger keeps proving them wrong, again and again.
“Uh-huh. If that was the case, you’d actually go to bed at a reasonable hour instead of tinkering down here for more than half the day.”
Steve tries to control himself and says, “Well, I guess he’s yours for the night.”
“Maguna,” he lifted his left hand, placed it on Morgan’s head and ruffled her hair while giving her the most reassuring smile he could muster. “Go and get a snack with Uncle Happy. I’ll still be here when you get back.”
Groaning in exasperation, Steve brings his head down to hold it between his hands as Tony drapes an arm around his shoulders and kisses his temple before bursting into laughter.
Steve furrows his brows at him.
“Oh… Uh…” Steve looks over at Tony for help, “What do you think?”
“The way Happy explained it - it sounded exactly how he woke up last night, too.”
“I felt like he needed some space,” he said lamely,  the
Steve seethes in anger. The crowd continues to look on and cameras are still flashing and recording. He knows he needs to reign it in, or it'll be an Avengers PR disaster with a headline more or less saying “Captain America’s Anger Management Problem?!”. He can already imagine the teasing jeers from his teammates. He’ll probably never hear the end of it from Tony, Clint, and Natasha. He might even get a call from SHIELD, and Nick Fury is the last person he’ll want to defend his actions to.
“Awake?” she asked, softly. Her brown eyes, just like her father’s, held a certain type of unease in them and it nearly broke Steve’s heart. If things hadn’t worked out as they did - Steve didn’t even want to think about how the repercussions could have affected Tony’s family.
Nothing they came up with works in the end.
Steve had been giving him words of reassurance, but Tony was able to hear the worry in his voice; see it in the tight smile he gave him, and the doleful look in his eyes.
“You just want me around to feed you.” He sighs dramatically.
“Oh.”
“Hello?’ He groggily answers.
“You’re always drawing in that thing. When are you finally going to show me what you’re working on?”
“It is currently six in the morning, sir.”
Natasha rolls her eyes, smirking at that.
It was like an out of body experience at the time, because of the pain, but he remembered watching Pepper, clad in the blue Rescue armor, her eyes full of worry, scanning his body, and kneeling down close to him, whispering words of comfort.
“I really do think Tony should decide what he’d want to do,” she interrupted her, gently. “I mean, like you said, his condition has been stabilized and the limb won’t affect his condition from here on.”
“Okay. Yes, there’s about half a pot left. But Tony, you should really go to bed.”
“Man, have I mentioned that I can’t stand you sometimes?” Sam jokingly grumbled as he shrugged his hand off. “You’re usually the one who needs saving.”
He and Pepper chose to sit at a table near a window that had a view of the city life. People were milling out in the busy streets, getting to where they needed to go for the day. This had been the most mundane thing Steve has ever done in a while; people watching and drinking coffee.
“F-former?!” The man cries out just as two city cops make their way to detain him.
“Cap, get the fuck out of there! That building is going to collapse any minute!”
Since a long time ago.
Even the pain.
Again.
“What did he do?” He asks, almost dreading the response.
Oh, he’s definitely in for it, he knows he is.
Tony had gone a bit overboard with the pet supplies. There were way too many toys and different kinds of dog food and treats, but Steve didn’t have the heart to say anything about it. So, he just thanked him, he was grateful for Tony’s enthusiasm. The rest of the Avengers took to the new addition at the tower very well. Thor, being the golden retriever of the bunch, was
“Oh.” Tony nods and then shifts his gaze down towards Dodger who has moved past the doorway and is now lying on the ground between them.
Suddenly, Steve hears a distressed whirring sound coming from behind him. He turns to see DUM-E opening and closing his claw and lowering it towards Steve’s hand that was still holding the tennis ball.
“Well, uh, okay. This is going to sound weird, which is an understatement when it comes to him, by the way,” he nods at Dodger, who begins to roll on his back, tongue sticking out, almost in glee, as if he knew Tony was talking about him. “But I was in the kitchen, right? And he shows up and starts jumping on me and starts to pull the bottom of my pants? Like he wanted me to follow him or something. And I thought that something must be going on with you because you didn’t come up with him, and now here I am,” he finishes lamely and starts to shuffle his feet. “So…”
“You said it was my call.”
Steve shrugged, “Honestly, it’s not that bad. Besides, you’ve been here all night and this was closer than actually going out and finding a place to eat.”
That seems to settle the dog in his arms, and Steve turns around to make his way out of the pond. More people with cameras had arrived, and the crowd was bigger. Ignoring them, Steve settles the dog on the ground to see if it has a collar or any injuries. He doesn’t, but he makes a move to climb back up into Steve’s arms and attempts to lick his face. “Alright, buddy,” he says with a small smile.
“What about the rest of the Guardians?” asked Steve.
Dodger takes the opportunity to lie his head on his chest and Steve pets him, the motion soothing both him and Dodger.
What the fuck? He was sure he left it there last night.
Steve hears Tony groan underneath him.
Steve nodded, turned back to Tony and watched as Pepper referred back to the A.I. once again. “FRIDAY, could you please remove the armor?” she quietly asked.
“Captain Rogers!”
Steve hears a groan in response.
Of course, that peaceful slumber doesn’t last because that’s not how Steve’s life works. JARVIS wakes them up a few hours later.
“Well, who knows how long he’s been out here or if he’s had his shots! He has no collar, which means no owners, and he needs to be taken to the dog pound!”
“Ha-ha, very funny,” Tony says. “Can you come up here and get this troublemaker? He won’t get off me and I’ve tried pushing him off.”
Too bad Tony doesn’t like him like that.
Also, Dodger has become his companion. Tony was right when he told him that he should keep Dodger, he was good for Steve.
However, the information that Steve had been itching to hear the most is about Tony’s road to recovery. Any time Rhodey would call him and give him an update about the cleanup efforts, he didn’t have much positive news on Tony’s condition, and Steve hadn't seen Tony since Doctor Strange took him to the hospital in New York City via portal two days ago.
?” He scoffs in disbelief. “Do you know how many times you say that when I know you’re really not? God, Steve.” Tony starts pacing and Steve takes a quick glance at Dodger who stares back at him before lowering his body onto the ground with a small growl.
“Sir? Captain Rogers?”
“Where are you going?” he asked.
He’s trying to keep calm, but the uncertainty of Dodger’s whereabouts eats at him. He quickly runs back into the bedroom to get a change of clothes, but when he reaches his dresser, he notices that Dodger’s leash is missing.
The A.I. responded, “Boss needs immediate medical attention. His condition is critical.”
Steve, even though he felt like he was intruding (which was exactly what he feared was going to happen), smiled at the bittersweet sight in front of him. He was happy for them. Tony was finally able to be with his family without the heavy weight of remorse and regret that he had felt for not having tried hard enough on behalf of the rest of the world that “blipped” out of existence.
“Yes, Ms. Potts,” FRIDAY replied, and the nanotech reverted back to the housing, except for what was left of the damaged iron gauntlet on Tony’s right arm. “Those will need to be removed manually,” the A.I. said.
“Happy advised me to go take a coffee break and get some breakfast. So, that’s where I’ll be going,” she said. “Technically, I’ve been here all night. He woke up for a second yesterday after Morgan spoke to him. I was hoping that he would do it again soon, and I wanted to be there when he did.”
He hears a yelp and a splash.
keep.
“However, if we do find out who the owner is,” the vet continues as she pulls out the scanner, “the shelter won’t release the dog to them immediately. We have to find out why he’s been stranded in the park for so long.” She holds the device against the dog’s right side, and then to the left and mutters, “Damn.”
She sniffed and said, “God, Tony. I was so worried.” She closed her eyes and held Tony’s hand tightly with her own.
Steve took a moment to glance at Tony’s face, and judged by his expression that he, too, was moved by the innocence evoked by his daughter.
Rhodey. His best friend. Rhodey had been the first to reach him when he collapsed against the rubble. He remembered the hand he placed on his shoulder. He was silent, but his eyes conveyed the uncertainty and worry he didn’t vocalize.
“Cute and
The idea of that was… very endearing to Steve. It was downright
“N-no, Captain America, sir. No collar, no owners. He’s been loitering around the park for days now.” The man is visibly afraid as Steve towers over him, but he still manages to say all of that almost confidently.
