Castiel sucked in a breath like he had just been punched in the gut. "Any life, because I care about you Dean."
Dean cleans up in the kitchen and even starts on a mountain of dishes while Castiel attempts to take a shower on his own. After the damn shampoo bottle slips and falls for the fourth time, it's time to lend a hand.
The boy shook his head " No you go! " He whispered loudly and embarrassed for his life right now. Dean simply relaxed against the wooden chair and made a hand gesture that made the boy furious.
Castiel swallows, not having an explanation for once. "Where you friggin' mad at me for something?" he shakes his head, "Then what, you never friggin' hurt me before Cas!" he pushes him.
Dean peeks into his uncles room one more time to check that he's actually sleeping, which he had been. He grabs his jacket on the way out and makes sure to step over where'd buried his pet on his way into the woods
Castiel can't help but love the smile on his face- he looks younger than usual. By now he's taken off that large hoodie and steps out of the car wearing jeans and an old Metallica shirt that belongs to his dad. He doesn't know why he still wears his old clothes.
"I'm so confused!" Dean whines, burying his face in the older man's neck and grabs at him with need. Holding on to him for dear life.
A breeze blows around him, giving him chills and he rushing back inside- where he's safe. By then it's pretty late, all the lights are off so he knows both Bobby and Castiel are in their rooms. In the kitchen, a bowl of noodles covered in foil waits for him. He heats it up and heads for Castiel's room, "Can I hang out with you for a while?" he asks, stepping into the room with his bowl of soup.
Dean appears to be thinking about it before getting an idea. "Kinda wanna feel the sand in my toes again-" and if Castiel didn't know any better, he'd assume he was high or drunk off his ass. But no, his pupils were completely normal, showing more green than black. "Please?"
Castiel exhales loudly, "Fuck-" and blinks the stars away that flood his vision. Once his eyes focus and he sees what he's done to his love, he laughs wholeheartedly. "Baby-" he laughs some more, the teen joins in too. "I'm so sorry-"
It must have been the middle of the night when he's awoken by a sound, after opening his eyes to the darkness he can hear something kind of wet in the silence of the cell. Dean listens to it for a while, wondering what the sound was until a soft groan is heard above him and realizes that his cell mate was jacking off. He tries to stay quiet, even tries to fall back asleep since he's going to have to get used to this.
His hair is getting yanked back and it's painful, "Agh-" he groans because his scalp stings and it's only serving as a reminder to get his head shaved. This is what he gets for trying to get a shower in after dinner, luckily the guy didn't get the chance to have his way because his cell mate walked in and pulled him off. Dean quickly gets up even though he's completely naked and runs out of the shower, pulling on his khakis on the way back to his cell.
Castiel took that as a sign to proceed, he pressed the head against his parted lips. “Open.” he said, barely audible. He was not used to having control like this over another man. He just lost his virginity to him hours ago.
Dean lets go, his lips are swollen and dark pink- saliva and pre come dripping down his chin. Blue eyes wipes it away with his hand. "Daddy." Dean looks up at him, he's so pretty and innocent at times. "Ruin me, come on-"
"M'sorry-" John says eventually and that's the first thing he's said since leaving the station. Castiel looks over at him, before refocusing on the boy. His cellphone rings, making quick work of stealing the phone back from small hands.
Castiel kisses the top of his head, keeping his nose buried in the clean smelling hair. "Dean, not all men are going to do
Castiel quickly grabs a dish towel from the kitchen and begins to clean up the mess. Oddly enough, he's extremely disappointed that he'd just blown five bucks on a coffee that ended up on the floor. "It's okay-" he sighs, wringing out the towel in the sink after he managed to soak up the mess. "Is he down the street?" and he means the bar around the corner, the mechanics usual hang out spot- most likely because it was within walking distance.
The man exhales loudly in frustration, "I lost it-" they both look down at where his pants should be tented. "I'm sorry baby, I don't meant to keep disappointing you-"
His eyes open wide in fear because Castiel does not have dog breath, his father does- that spicy hot breath was unforgettable.
Castiel spanks him, causing him to yelp, "You have the cutest ass baby-" the comment makes the teen blush,  "Ready?" he nods, "Perfect." so he lines up his cock with the teens hole and enters slowly.
"You didn't take your car-" Dean stands up, he'd been crying. "Did he die?" He shakes his head. "Of course he didn't- friggin' roach." He's pacing around the waiting room for a few seconds before charging towards the double doors that would lead him to his father.
"You're beautiful-" Castiel breathes out, thrusting slowly and gently in and out- being careful as to not hurt him, eventually brushing up against his prostate.
"Yea, dad had him over to watch a football game. Mom wasn't happy about it." She asks why he thinks that is, he shrugs. "Cause it wasn't the last time he came over, he started coming over every Sunday to watch the game-" she nods. "- I didn't know much about him, obviously. I was too young to think about it much I guess." she nods. "I didn't even think my dad was gay-"
Castiel licks his lips and ignores his own food, focusing more on his coffee and the boy sitting in front of him. As soon as Dean's finished with his food, he hopes off the chair and shuffles to the living room for some more cartoon watching.
"Baby girl, tell me you love me." Castiel's hands are kneading his ass cheeks like dough- it makes his boy moan like a whore.
That pisses him off and he's being forced to roll over, his face shoved into the pillow. "Stop-" his muffled plea is barely audible. John pulls down his boxers and rubs saliva against his hole, before pushing in without any prep- not caring to help him along. "Stop-" he begs again, struggling against he man holding him down but getting free was hard to do with his hands being held behind his back.
"If he misses, that's fine- because next time there won't be an ambulance save you." Castiel walks out of the room and John just watches him walk away for what might be the last time. He hopes to God it's the final time they ever see him again. If they never do, it'll still be too soon. He goes to the waiting room and to his surprise- finds Dean and Bobby there. "What are you doing here?"
Castiel yells at him as well and he just lets them both have it until they tire themselves out and eventually, they do. "Do you understand me?" Castiel says, Dean nods from where he sits on the couch. "No more fighting-" he nods again. "Alright then-" Castiel shakes his head, "Better get some sleep before work tomorrow. Dean rolls his eyes because all the man does these days is
Castiel sighs heavily before getting back to work right there in the cafeteria as if nothing had happened. It's not very long at all before that nurse who saw them kiss comes over and takes a seat in front of him at his table.
Castiel rasps the words, "Submissive bitch-" under his breath before bending the boy in half, causing him to whimper loudly in fear. "My bitch-" his fingers dig into the meaty flesh of his bottom.
The next morning Castiel does call to get information on the house and it turned out he could afford it, even if he wasn't going back to work yet- his savings could more than pay for the place for a long while. The house was run down but he'd be allowed to make repairs or paint the place if he wanted. The five bedrooms would be going to waste though, he'd just occupy one because Dean wasn't going with him- that breaks his heart. Two major changes are coming and he doesn't want to tell Dean, but he's got to. When Dean goes to Robin's house for the day, he meets the owner at the house for a small tour.
Dean sniffles, "Will you visit me?" then looks over his shoulder. "What about him, are you gonna visit him too-" he's referring to
"Your dad hit you-" Castiel removes the towel and is relieved when it comes away clean. "Is that why you're like this?" the teen gets offended, putting his head down on his pillow in shame. "I can tell someones hurt you-" his large hand runs up and down the boys arching back. "Boys your age aren't this docile unless they've been beaten down by someone-"
"I remember-" he takes a large gulp of his wine as soon as he takes his seat at the table. "We had plenty of good times."
Dean pockets the cash before signing in and takes a seat one of the chairs in the waiting room when Castiel walks in not long after, letting him know that he has to go into work already because of an emergency. He nods, waving him off and not feeling at all guilty for keeping his money when the visit was going to be absolutely free. After he's all done here, surely his uncle will come pick him up.
"That's disgusting." Castiel looks away from him, laughing. When he looks at the teen again he starts laughing for another reason.
He says,"I'm too young-" even though he doesn't really care about that since he's with a much older guy already. Or he was-he will be-he's fully intending to get back with Castiel eventually. He's just making him suffer for a while first, right? Is that all he's doing to Castiel?
"John Winchester?" one of his teachers comes up to both men and begins to gush about how smart the mans son is. "-he shows real promise, the boy really loves his Science."
Dean blinks away the sweat threatening to roll into his eyes from his forehead, "Such a fucking slut for me aren't ya Cas-" and the man loses it, instantly getting up and man handling the teen where he just was on the bed. He yelps, "The fuck-" because his step father is climbing on top of him and begins to ride him. "Ugh, Cas-" his eyes roll back in his head for a few seconds as he gets used to this new position.
Seems like the man earned himself a well deserved blowjob that would be coming sooner rather than later.
It wasn't until Dean started wearing his fathers necklace that Castiel stopped him on his way to school "What is this?"
Dean stayed angry and drove off. The thought that he would be considered abusive in what he thought began as a tender moment infuriated him, sure he is into alot of bad things such as rough crazy sex. Hell he know's he's an adrenaline junkie and live's for hookup's and random fling's but he doesn't want that with him.
"Don't you think I'm lonely too?" Castiel pulls away, his strong big hands cupping Dean's cheeks now- "I'm just as lonely."
"He's sick." Castiel says softly, "I don't expect you to understand-your father, he's not the only sick human being in the world."
Dean rolls his eyes, shoveling another spoonful of ice cream into his mouth. "No one's ever home to feed me." Pink ice cream is melting at the corners of his mouth.
Dean blinks away the tears because this is a fucking touchy subject. "I had a dream-" he somewhat feels very stupid saying it out loud. "About Cas-"
Castiel actually chuckles and a smile is displayed on his face for Dean and the heavens to see. "I guess I could use the rest-" they get comfortable in bed with the teen on his chest. With a sigh, he says "I love you-" another sigh. "So much-"
Castiel calls out "Boys, come eat-" and he quickly thinks how wrong that sounds. His mind is definitely in the
Castiel chuckles, "I scare you?" and he seems to take it as a compliment. "You have until tonight, I want a yes." and he leaves the teen alone in the closet.
Bobby laughs, "The boys jealous. Always has been-" Castiel looks at him in confusion, "-when Dean was a little boy, John used to drop him off here once in a while." he laughs again as he recalls the memory. "Next door we used to have a neighbor that had a little boy about Dean's age, I was babysittin' that kid and I made the mistake of givin' him more ice cream than I gave Dean-he went nuts-" he laughs louder, "- he kicked and screamed until I gave him extra." Castiel nods, a smile on his face. He liked hearing old stories like this. "Don't worry about him gettin' upset, he just likes all the attention on him-"
"I mean it, Dean. No crawling into my bed at night, No more sneaking around-" he licks his lips while looking at Deans, "No sex, we can't do anything. Not while he's home."
Dean nods, "I just- it tastes different than what I thought." he admits and he begins to palm Castiel's cock.
"I love you too Bobby. But I'm sorry, for everything."  Bobby nods and goes back to his room for bed, he really only came out to see that his boy had gotten home and Castiel is about to move in for another kiss now that they're alone again but Dean stops him. "I want to Cas-" he looks at his lips for a few seconds, then back up to his eyes.
Castiel instantly stops, "I-I didn't hear you come in-" and his heart is racing, suddenly feeling he'd gotten caught doing something really horrible to the mans son.
Castiel goes after him and says, "I wasn't saying you were a baby-" after they both make it outside. "I know you're not a baby."
"Cas-" Dean begs, "Please-" he licks his dry lips, rolling his hips in tandem with the hand that is working him over. "Make me come-please-ugh-" Castiel pushes his legs open while still milking him and goes from pressing kisses to his thigh to now pressing soft wet tender kisses to his hole. "Mmmmmmph-" he cries louder, "Shiiii-" he comes all over his bare stomach, even getting it all over his shirt- thick white ropes shoot out of him as his second orgasm hits. He's now a twitching mess, his hand is gripping the couch pillow behind his head. "Fuck."
"I know it feels uncomfortable but it's okay- just finish eating." He nods and resumes eating and Castiel pulls his chair up next to him in case he needs any help. Bobby doesn't approve of certain
Dean rents a U-Haul for Castiel's boxes, he insisted on his huge desk be brought to his place. He's had it forever and can't part with it. It was extremely hard for Dean to carry boxes, with his broken leg and all. He refused to use crutches and was walking around using a cane. Castiel and Sam kept making fun of him, mocking his use of the cane when he wasn't looking. Dean resorted to basically organizing and throwing away things into a donate pile.
Dean takes a few seconds to respond, "Nah-" another soft laugh as they continue to rock against each other gently. "Feels nice-"
Castiel's breathing heavily above him, thrusting in and out of the tight heat slowly. "Give it a minute-"
When they arrive at O'Riley's Bobby orders him inside with a list of the things he needed- he stayed in the truck since his knee had been acting up again since waking up. Dean walks in, the door buzzes as it always had when someone entered.
Castiel takes it upon himself to get the teen the drivers handbook so he could study and he does after he's given the death glare that gets him into gear. He skims through a few pages a day and tries to remember everything, eventually the handbook ends up under his bed somehow. Dean was just overly confident that he would pass his drivers test the first time, which he very well may but the written portion is in the wind.
"Yea?" it warms his heart, "I can almost promise I won't get her pregnant." he jokes- he just has to. He loves messing with the man.
Dean whimpers and stands up, pulling his boxers up to his waist and then makes the humiliating duck walk back to the bedroom to hopefully catch another few hours of sleep.
Dean takes a final sip of the sugary drink before setting it back in the cup holder and once again, Castiel tries not to groan at the sight of the string of saliva that broke between his lips and the straw. The boy gets up on the seat and leans over, planting a firm kiss on his cheek.
Dean goes to find Castiel in his room- he was laying in bed. "Cas?" Castiel looks his way, "You okay?"
"Happy?" he asks cheerfully while they pull up to the house. John was already home too, but it didn't phase them because surely the man would like dogs.
Castiel makes a face at the cereal, "I'm too old for lucky charms." and looks inside the fridge and finds nothing. "It looks like I'm going grocery shopping today. Will you come with me?" the boy shrugs, "Great, finish up in here and meet me in the car." he throws his car keys at the boy. "I need to get dressed-"
Castiel breathed in, he stepped off the bed so he could drop his jeans and boxers. He turned around. All he heard was a single groan from Dean at the sight. He hadn't noticed when the man got behind him, "Bend over the bed for me." Castiel obeyed. His milky white fingers clutching at the sheets.
The music begins and he follows the lead of the other boys, though the other boys sing insecurely and softly. Dean takes over and sings the loudest- his voice smooth as honey and loud. His green eyes looking up to meet Castiel's every once in a while- the man actually has his mouth open. You'd never think Dean Winchester- the boy with the temper and edgy looks would have the voice of an angel.
The teen grabs the book that was on the mans lap, flipping through the pages mindlessly. "Think reading all these books is gonna do somethin'-" then throws it across the bedroom. "You're a dweeb, Cas-" his voice is getting louder. "A fucking geek-" the mans chest is rising and falling heavily. "Bet ya never got laid in high school huh-"
Although he does want to answer the question because he's an evil little shit, he goes with- "You're a little young to be wondering about these things, give it a few years-" instead.
"Cas will you stop it, it didn't hurt while you were fucking me so drop it." He sets the plate aside on the bed, "Uhm-I kinda like the bruises and these-" his fingertips trace his neck lightly where the love bites were. "I just got pissed because when Bobby sees he's gonna ask who gave them to me."
Castiel murmurs in his sleep, looking over his shoulder and smiles because his love is with him. "Love you baby-" his words are a little slurred from awakening from deep sleep.
"Have you eaten anything yet?" Dean shakes his head, "I thought that might be the case-" he says, holding up a plastic grocery bag with supplies. "If you want, I can come in and make you a sandwich, got everything right here." Dean opens the door wide enough to let the man through and he follows the boy to the kitchen, "John always comes home late, is that right?"
Castiel looks down at him, "What's the matter buddy-" he refocuses on looking through the jackets for kids. "How about this one?" he pulls out a jacket that was dark brown, "You like brown? or how about black?"
Castiel quickly follows and waits until they're sitting in the air conditioning of the car before he asks- "How did it go?"
"Come on-" he's speaking so low that no one would be able to hear the kind of statement he's making. "I want you to record us fucking- " his stepfather is thinking about it, not convinced or maybe not wanting to admit that he'd so love to do something like this.
Dean laughs, "I'm not a serial killer-" Castiel glares. "-well maybe sometimes." he winks. "You just might be my first victim-"
John and Castiel don't speak for about a week, at least not until Castiel walks into the same bar where they first met up outside of the hospital for beers. John was there because it was his usual hang out spot and Castiel showed up because he was hoping to find someone to hook up with. Anyone other than John Winchester.
Dean mumbles 'I love you' back to him and holds onto him until he falls back to sleep. Once he's sure Dean's fallen asleep, he soon follows. They both sleep way past noon the following day and its alright, they have nowhere to be- except in each others arms.
Dean's leg healed nicely, the cuts and scrapes all over his face and arms healed as well. You wouldn't be able to tell he had been in such a bad accident. After a few short months he went back to work, they both were happy. Sam and Dean worked together, everything just fit nicely in their lives now. There was no drama, no arguments. Dean even cut back on the drinking and completely stopped hooking up with anyone that wasn't Castiel. He loved that young man to death.
"We're here-" the car pulls up to the front of the building that didn't quite look like a prison, it looked more like a big hospital.
Dean clutches to the back of his uncles flannel for dear life, "No-" and then says, "Why do I have to be so fucked-" he believes something is wrong with him, for going after a grown man at such a young age. Castiel said it himself,
Unfortunately Dean fell asleep again before he could respond to the question and Castiel can't seem to help himself and ends up kissing the boys forehead before leaving the room.
"I might've-" Dean looks up at him, "Hurt her wrist." Castiel's eyebrows raise a little in surprise. "I wasn't tryin' to! She came up behind me-"
Dean had been in his room, flipping through the pages of an old playboy he'd stolen from the gas station a while back when his phone pings with a message. It was from Castiel, simply asking him to come over if he could manage to get away. He types up a quick response of-
"Do you think-" he pauses, "-think you can, you know-" he closes his eyes and his hands pull up the hospital gown to reveal his soft cock.
"I know what you're going through." Meg says, logging into her computer beside his. "I know it's hard to leave-"
Apparently the mans education never seems to stop because every other month he's taking some kind of seminar or workshop that's obligatory by the hospital. Dean supports him furthering his career, even if it meant less time at home together but maybe that will change in the future. For now, his duty was to be as supportive as he could be because he still holds some guilt for being so much trouble the last few years.
Dean speaks when he's finished, "You love that job more than me-" and he said it right in front of his uncle. Castiel looks up at Dean, then at Bobby. "-admit it."
"Will you just drive-" John groans in anger, "-we'll talk about this later." but they don't, he was just buying time in hopes he would forget about this, which Castiel did. When they get to the house, he invites Castiel in and whatever happens, happens.
"Casss..." Dean hissed, a cold hand trying to sneak it's way into his jeans, fumbling with his belt. "Stop."
Outside the room he was kept in he heard the nurses fighting over not wanting to treat him and who would be the lucky one who would have to go in and take care of him anyway. None of the nurses ever return to his room, but a doctor does. He hears muffled whispers right outside the curtain of his room until it finally rips open to reveal a dark haired young man. Definitely younger than he had been.
The teens head hits the pillow late that night after watching a movie with his uncle on the couch and his thoughts are somewhere between blue and
Dean makes a comment about salad being rabbit foot. Castiel looks over his shoulder, clearly not agreeing. "Dad said-"
"Get dressed-" Castiel orders, they get up and start pulling on their pants- which was hard to do when they were drenched in sweat. "Damn it!" he curses the air when he looks at his phone, it was almost ten at night. "Bobby-"
I've been dealing with health issues so updates will be a little slower but I'm Still here, still writing <3
Castiel notices it too. "Do you still want to or is the smell that bad-" Dean yanks him down so that he falls over him, "Mmm-" he mumbles between kisses, "Baby-"
Castiel takes a deep breath before he goes off running after him, "Wait up!" Dean wins of course, he ran the whole stretch of road that's about a mile long- he's standing there, ready to gloat by the time he makes it to the finish line. He's panting, "You win again-"
On the drive home, he hadn't noticed the teen in the car with him fidgeting in his seat the whole time. It's not until they get home and Dean's walking up to the house that he notices- he's walking funny. He ignores it, for now.
Dean swallows again, his lips feel all sticky and gross because his face always gets so damn red and puffy when he cries. "Because I'm always gonna need you to be my-" he blinks, tears fall. "I'm always gonna need you to be my friggin' dad-"
Once in the shower, the older man is washing his chest and shoulders with a loofah to get him clean. Dean speaks up, "Do you like it when I call you daddy?" Castiel's a bit taken by surprise by the question.
Castiel smiles, "Of course not. It's summer, and I have some sick days and vacation time- better use it."
Castiel bumps shoulders with him, "Nothing. Not if you don't want to-" there's a pause. "-but I like you, don't want you getting hurt by one of these assholes."
Before it gets too late Dean stands up, stretching out his back and yawns. "I better go-" they hug it out before he's on his merry way with the last box of his things under one arm.
He sees Dean and his uncle at the kitchen table- eating. There's a big sandwich in front of Dean that appears to already be half eaten- good. "Work up an appetite?" he asks smugly as he takes a seat.
Robin helps him off the floor where he had fallen over with said box, "Ignore them-" she says as the crowd of employees begin to abandon the scene one by one. "-not much happens around here, you getting injured- well, that's the most fun they get around here."
Both Dean and Castiel sat in the car parked next to the Impala for a few moments, exchanging worried glances between then until finally heading inside. Surprisingly the home was intact and clean, nothing seemed to be out of the ordinary.
Castiel and John don't see each other for a while and Castiel is more than fine with that- although he's been extremely lonely, he does not want to break up a family so he cuts his loses and doesn't go over on Sundays anymore. He'd missed about three games in a row.
"You've got to be kidding me." Castiel shuts his eyes in frustration, "I'm a lot older than you, don't you understand?"
"Sure-" Castiel makes a turn so they can go pick up some food. When they get there he pulls up to the drive thru, "What do you want baby?"
"You know, if I didn't love you I probably would have ended up with her-" Dean smiles sadly, looking down now. "She reminds me of my mom, why wouldn't I-"
Castiel yanks the teens jeans all the way down to his ankles and tosses them aside before sucking down his cock. "Mmm-"
"N-not your fault." he tries to breathe in deep but he feels like his lungs can't expand all the way. "Panic-" he tries to say, pointing at his chest. "Sorry-"
"Ughh, Caa-sss-" he stutters, he notices the boy's legs start to tremble. "Oh-Fuck, CAS!" Dean squeals suddenly, digging his fingers into Castiel's back. "Ugh, CAS!" Dean squeals again, thin ropes of white come shoot out of him, coating his belly and chest.
Castiel pushes in completely once he was sure his hole was prepped enough- he was right, as always- because Dean moans loudly into the silent room. A slow pace is kept, he didn't want to just fuck him tonight, instead wanting to take his time, drag it out and enjoy it a while before making him come. "So tight-" Castiel comments before placing his hand on the teens lower back, guiding him down lower.
Continuing to work at the diner wasn’t healthy for him and he knew it. Seeing Benny go about his life as if they didn’t have sex was too much. Dean gave him his virginity and Benny took it and ran with it. He knew it was wrong to sleep with his Dad’s friend- his now boss, but he couldn’t help himself for falling in love with Benny. It was only natural with all the time they had been spending together after his dad’s death.
"You're so fucking tight-" he pushes in as deep as he can, at an angle that has Dean crying in pleasure. "-love this ass so much." he continues fucking his boy until he comes inside the wet heat, though he continues until Dean has to come. "You close baby?"
Castiel sighs heavily, "Of course not-" instantly the teen on the other end of the line is happy and gushing about something entirely unrelated to their plans for the night. It was a dick move trying to flake out on the teens big day but hey, he tried to anyway.
Apparently he's taking too long in the bathroom because Castiel comes to look for him, knocking lightly on the door before peeking inside to find him sitting on the toilet with his pants up. He walks in, closing the door behind him. "You okay baby?"
Dean can't bare the thought of having to move her, so he digs right where he'd found the animal. Once the hole is deep enough, the shovel is used to roll her over into it, making the most disturbing thud when she hits the bottom of the earth. The teen glances around like he's burying a human being, guilt bubbles up in his gut once more as he uses the shovel to smooth the dirt flat.
"Excuse me, I didn't hear you-" he already looks pissed, like he already knows what he means but wants him to say it anyway.
Dean moans, his eyes fixed upon her. Their encounter was disrupted by a knock on the cars window and he pulls his hand away from between her legs on instinct. The passenger side door flies open and the next thing he knows is he's being yanked out of the car by his step dad. Dean falls onto the floor and Lisa pushes her skirt down, turning red all over from shame.
Dean looks up at the man besides him, "I wish I could have him-" one of his small chubby fingers traces little patterns on the glass.
"I'll get the kitchen cleaned up before I go to bed-" he smiles down at the boy. "There-" he lets Dean see his pumpkin. "He's happy."
John hadn't been sleeping at the house lately, sometimes he would show up and sometimes he just wouldn't. Castiel tries to ignore the gossip going around town, the ones that mentioned the mechanic in the arms of another
Not long after they're tucked in bed together- Dean whispers, "Don't wanna be a victim all my life-" his face shows his insecurity in the moonlight that comes in from the window.
"That's my boy-" Bobby ruffles his growing hair, "Time for a hair cut-" he laughs. Dean goes to his room, leaning against his locked door. Before he knows what he's doing he grabs his backpack and shoves a few things in there. Two shirts, pair of jeans, his phone's charger- his eyes scan the bedroom, looking for anything else to take but he finds nothing worth holding onto. The ring Castiel gave him, that he doesn't need to pack since he's wearing it right now.
"-Happy birthday to youuuu!" The small circle of Dean's friends shout obnoxiously around him and his cake, "-And many moree!" Sam adds.
"Desk goes in here-" Dean gestures to his spare bedroom he used as an 'office'. "We can share my office." Castiel starts to unpack his things slowly, he feels sad to leave his sister Anna by herself, but he's so thrilled for this next chapter in his life. He's back in school, pursuing his dream of becoming a doctor. Lord knows he's got the grades and the brain for it. Dean insisted he not go back to work as a cashier, that he should focus all of his time on his true goals. "Let me take care of you." Dean kept saying, after much convincing, he accepted. After all, when he becomes a doctor he would be taking care of Dean when he needed his help.
Dean comes over to Sam and the cat, "Aww, she's a fatty." he coos, "She's so cute." and is already looking for a stick to poke her with.
the name is moaned innocently but he obeys once again, his wet fingers wrap around himself and begins to stroke slowly. His head falls back against the pillow, his lip catches between his teeth. "
"Fuck-" Castiel whispers. The next thing Dean knows is his head getting yanked backwards by a large hand in his hair, tugging it. "Fuck Dean-" then he sees white, landing on his eyelashes and everywhere else. "Fuck-"
"I think we should break up-" she wipes a tear from her face, "I don't wanna do this anymore. I'm not gonna let you use me to keep your secret if you're gonna start keeping them from me." she walks off, ignoring when Dean calls her name. He thinks about going after her but decides against it and lets her cool off.
"Then why are you sucking my dick in the car-" the man looks saddened, but understanding and not at all angry. "Why are you showing up at my house like this. Is it that fun to get me worked up?-"
Now that Summer was in full effect and Dean wasn't in school, he and Sam had been spending almost every day together. In order to be home more for the boy he had begun working shorter days at the hospital and that left him feeling left out and lonely. But Dean was happy spending all day with his best friend, Castiel would hear them laughing together in his room as they did God knows what. Dean didn't have a TV in his bedroom, only a laptop. He assumes they were online looking up stuff they shouldn't be.
Dean lays on his back now, continuing the same hand movements, taking his sweet time. He's not eager to come, he's enjoying every sensation of his own hand on his cock. He opened his eyes for a quick second, he saw Castiel's hand doing the same on his own cock. "Mmm-ugh-" he moans softly again. One hand is working on his cock, the other lazily rubs up and down his own thigh- he brings it up to his sweaty chest and starts to rub his wet fingertips over his pale colored nipples.
For a second there, Castiel thought the boy was going to mention those little cheek kisses that he receives on occasion. His mind goes to the gutter always and something should be done about it.
The older man says, "Hey-" a little too casually and flashes him a smile through the barrier between them.
Two days later all the windows in Castiel's house and Bobby's are boarded up, trashcans have been taken in, as well as anything outdoors that could be knocked over by the wind. "Come on Cas-" Dean rushes Castiel as he grabs a bag with enough supplies for the next few days. He was going to wait out the storm with Dean and Bobby, secretly he was happy about it- more time with Dean. Yet he's also worried, the last time they waited out a storm together it ended in tears, a lot of them.
in order to find it so. "Your life is so exciting, Cas-" the words are dry. "Can we go now?" and he's already standing up and slipping into his jacket.
There's a knock at the door which they both can clearly see that it's Castiel. Bobby opens the door in no time at all, "He really get lost or is he lyin'-"
"I'm really horny-" Dean whispers even though no one's around and it's completely dark now- His hands are rubbing up and down Castiel's chest in eagerness.
"Because-" Castiel chuckles, "-every time I poke fun at you, it gets you all worked up." Dean pouts. "It's okay baby, some people get off on it-" he presses a kiss to his hair. "-we can have some real fun, now that I know about that little kink of yours."
Though it had been one year he still had Dean's leather jacket hanging in his closet. He would wear it from time to time when he felt cold or lonely, or just wanted to go back and remember him. The inner lining of the jacket smelled of cheap cologne, cigarette smoke and car exhaust for some reason. Maybe black coffee too. So many years of wear on a simple article of clothing that meant so much to Dean, now it meant just as much to him.
"No you're not." Castiel sits down and takes the book from him, "Why are you really learning about the brain?"
Castiel is almost completely unaffected by Dean standing before him with no clothing, it's as if in this moment he's simply Dean's father figure. "Get in." he smiles.
"This is gay." Dean laughs as they walk down the shore, sand between their toes and fingers laced together. "But I like it."
"Shut up it hurt my teeth to say it the first time." Castiel leans over and kisses him, he flinches. "It's not you, this is just-"
Thanksgiving is approaching fast, and he'll be damned if he doesn't give the boy a good one. He'll make sure there's plenty of food on the table, plenty of laughs too.
"M'not too young-" Dean steals the remote and he sits on it so it can't be taken away from him. He looks so enthralled by the passionate scene.
Dean can't look the man in the eyes, he knows he's a coward. His eyes remained focused on his boots.
That strange sick feeling that came over him is gone just about as fast as it came and now he's simply feeling spent and exhausted. "I gotta go-" the words are rushed because he just needs to get the fuck out of there and go somewhere that feels
Jody squints a little bit, head tilting as her brain works to process the information but doesn't look the least bit. "Interesting-" she writes something down on her notepad. "How long have you been in love with your stepfather-" her eyes are cast downwards because she's still scribbling away.
"I'm sorry Cas. I had no idea." Dean rests his chin on his chest, maintaining eye contact. "If it makes you feel any better, it was hard for me too." Castiel laughs softly. "It was-"
Once Dean is under the covers he pulls on Castiel's arm, "Stay-" he begs softly, so he sits down on the edge of the twin bed. He wants to get the hell out of there but he couldn't see no to that adorable face.
"Castiel!" Dean runs up the porch steps, "Castiel! Can I have a dollar for an ice cream?" and his gaze looks back at the approaching truck.
The bartender walked by again a few moments later. He ordered a black coffee as well. Suddenly it was all he was craving for. After getting his coffee placed infront of him, he lifted the cup to his lips; and drank.
Soon a very large hand is rubbing up and down his thigh that still had some baby fat on it. He shivers, eyes wide as hell. "It feels funny-" he protests quietly, making a certain kind of face that conveys mild discomfort. "I don't like this game anymore-"
Dean goes into character right away as soon as he approaches the older man in bed, "You're such a fucking nerd, Cas-" and Castiel looks up at him, "Fucking four eyes-" he takes the glasses off the mans face, setting them down on the nightstand.
Soon he's sitting in front of his little brother and his father, who looks less than thrilled to be there. Sam leans in close to his big brother and asks, "Whose the guy you came in with?" both he and their father are staring at Castiel.
"Nah-" Dean says, "But you can chill in here for a while-" Castiel nods and closes the door behind him, unsure of what to do now. "Sit over here you fuckin' nerd-" Castiel smiles before sitting down next to him on the bed.
It's not long before sunrise when they hear gun shots outside- Bobby's rifle. They meet each other in the hall way and they go to Dean's room- it's empty. They run outside to the porch and and find him out there in the dark- shooting a target. "Damn it-" Bobby sighs, clutching his chest. The rifle damn near gave him a heart attack- the sun wasn't even out yet. "Boy! Come in here and get to sleep!" he shouts.
There's reddish hand prints molded onto his hips and he sort of likes them. It was a good fuck so the reminders are accepted.
"Oh no- you don't wanna go campin' there." Bobby shakes his head, "If you think it's creepy out front at night, by those woods- no way in hell I'm goin' in there."
Dean closes the only browser open to see that his wallpaper had been changed to a picture of them at the park. He smiles sadly because the picture was so old and he was merely twelve years old at that point. "Damn you, Cas-" his eyes sting with tears before closing the computer and it's obvious that the guy deserves a blowjob.
Dean was on his last day of Sunday school which turned out to be a fun two hours since it was more of a party taking place rather than the usual boring stuff. The teacher requested that every teenager in the class bring a food item to contribute to the party which put Dean in charge of chips and dip. Kevin brought the sodas, while the rest of the class brought candy or cookies.
Castiel ignores him again, "You weren't home-" and uses a napkin to pick up the mess the boy spit up onto the floor. "Where were you?"
“No Cas. He was a lot older than me and I was a teenager. That’s why I didn’t want to date you, I didn’t wanna do the same thing to you that he did to me. I was very...hot and cold about getting involved with you.”
Dean wraps his arms around him and starts licking into his ear, "Dean, please stop. I'm not comfortable with this-" It's not long before Sam joins them, pressing nervous kisses to Castiel's neck. "Stop-"
Though one night Dean seemed frisky, he kissed him passionately- begged for him. Castiel gave in, he was needy and so eager to be with him again. He tried to be as gentle as he possibly could- so it wouldn't hurt. So that he could make Dean feel good.
"I want to, but we can't- not here." Castiel swallows his arousal. "He'll hear us and you're not exactly discreet when we have sex-"
Especially Dean, regardless of how terrible a father John had been- Dean looked up to him in a way. It was more of an odd fascination- his father had a cool car, a cool jacket, cool music and cool boots. Boots he'd hoped to fill one day and now he's glad he'll never wear them ever again. Those boots ended up in the trash along with everything else his father owned.
A little before five in the afternoon the house is ready for his love to come home to and hopefully be pleased by what he has done. There's a slight chance he will be mocked for this, for being so cheesy and cliche over the holiday but he doesn't care to be ridiculed, not even the slightest bit.
A few days without his fix and hes beyond anxious, his hand tramples and he sets down the wrench his uncle just gave him. "You alright?" hes asked and he nods but the paleness of his face says otherwise. "Go inside boy, you helped me enough today."
"He sat down-he kept asking me about my parents and why I was all alone." Dean sighs heavily, wiping the last of his tears away. "He asked me if I wanted to work for some money, I said yes but I-I thought he meant work like, mowing his lawn or somethin'-I know it was stupid but I knew the fifty Bobby gave me wouldn't cover the cost of the cars-"
Dean's looking up at him intensely, unable to blink and moans. "Ughh-" his hands are rubbing up and down the mans chest. "Mmughhh-"
"I'd like to be part of your life, Cas-" Dean stops walking, both of them do. "Bobby told me I need to let you have a life." there's a short pause, "I know I've been a nightmare, you couldn't really do much-" he shudders. "I had too many issues and stuff-"
Sam and Dean both knew the guy probably had as much sex as humanly possible given his age, but they agreed anyways. "Yes sir!" they all yell back unison.
Is he though? Castiel isn't sure, not in the least and his fingers type up a quick response that feels like a lie.
Tears are falling down the boys cheeks yet again, Castiel reaches for Dean's spoon and goes to feed him. Blowing on each spoonful so he doesn't burn the kid. "Here."
It's only six in the evening when Castiel leaves the house to go have dinner with his hospital friends and that of course included Meg Masters. John quickly began to despise her with a passion because she was getting in the way of his relationship with the doctor.
Castiel shrugs, "I wanted to watch you die." he lies. "Why have you been spying on Dean? You know you really scared him- he's been thinking he's going crazy. Almost every night he saw you out there-"
"In a bit." he smiles, "You go." Dean spends some time, thinking- about that day. He thinks about Gordon Walker- about the train tracks. He thinks about his hands- they got so dirty trying to get away. And he thinks about all the time it took just to walk back to the house- the wind makes a rustling sound- he looks around but there's nothing.
The teen waves him off almost aggressively, still pacing back and forth. Eventually he looks up for a moment and walks back to the house. "Yea?" his voice is slightly annoyed.
Bobby watches him from the kitchen table, "Mornin'-" the gruff voice has the teen looking up while zipping his jacket. "Ain't it Friday?"
Castiel hadn't noticed when his hand had wandered underneath the waistband of his boxers. The thought of being with someone his own age excites him, even if it was a woman. Curiosity is normal, that's all this is.
These days Castiel tells him to study for his driving test because his eighteenth birthday is approaching and that it would do him good to have it. Hell, the gift he's planning on getting the teen depends on him having that damn license. This will be the best Christmas ever and he might just pat himself on the back this year for giving into Dean's wish of a new truck.
"You will eventually." Castiel assures him. "Are your teachers nice?" that's when the boy sniffles. "What's wrong?"
"Yeah, that's how we met-" Castiel sighs over his cup of coffee- Bobby wouldn't let him drink any more than he had already. "-started some bar fight, ended up in the ER where I was working-I thought he was-" he pauses for a second. "-different."
Since Castiel wasn't home tonight it's his duty to do the dishes, the laundry and clean up the house before he gets back. Hopefully it shows that he's
When the Impalas loud engine cuts the silence just outside the home, Castiel sighs and Dean makes a bad joke about his father coming home only because he smelled the pizza. It was still a pretty funny joke and he would have laughed if he wasn't dreading his presence. Soon John enters the home regardless of how he feels about it and he doesn't look happy but when does he ever look happy.
"This is unfair-" Castiel gets out as soon as the impala stops by the Emergency entrance. "-you can't do this to me." he hauls his bag out of the backseat and adjusts it over his shoulder. "I need my own car-" his eyes are pleading with the man without having to actually beg with his words.
He's afraid that if he goes to investigate, he might just see John at his kitchen table drinking a cup of that motor oil crap he always made. Eventually Castiel starts to drift away but a sudden creak has his eyes flying open to see Dean standing by the open door in the darkness with a cup of coffee in hand.
An hour later Dean comes out into the waiting area and yet again his eyes look red and glassy like he had cried. "Come on, let me buy you breakfast." Dean nods. They drive to diner in silence, Castiel knows not to push him right now. Instead he gives him space and time. When he wants to talk, he will. As soon as they walk through the familiar diner, Robin comes over to escort them to their usual table.
Dean covers a nostril and leans over, snorting it up his nose. "Shit-" he suddenly feels relaxed and hyper at the same time, it's an odd feeling to have at once but he can't help that he does like it. Brady licks some off his card and moves in like he's about to kiss him again, because he is when Dean holds him in place about a foot away from him. "Don't be gettin' gay on me now-" Brady shrugs and shoves his tongue in Dean's mouth anyway- Dean moans and kisses him back. Mostly because of what's in his mouth, once he can no longer taste the power on his tongue he pushes him away- "Friggin' fag-"
Castiel agrees to keep his eyes from straying towards the blond and busies himself by distributing snacks and drinks to everyone in the class. He was doing a good job of keeping his eyes off Claire until she actually comes up to him, tapping on his shoulder to get his attention. She's all smiles and pretty hair, right there in front of him.
"It was nice to get that off my chest-" Dean sighs, smiling. His food is placed in front of him and they eat while sharing a few laughs, when they've finished their meal they continue talking at their booth for a good long while. The air feels light and cool, no heaviness to it at all. They too felt as light as air, little did they know it was only because they were miles away from
Castiel shrugs, "I got matched for residency here, Anesthesiology." he sips his coffee, "After my residency-" he pauses. "I just never left-"
Dean looks around again, "Some kinda fire happen here?" the older man becomes very uncomfortable and he knew this because the guy nods, not answering his question. "Sorry, I shouldn't ask-"
Dean laughs, "Someone's had too much to drink." he gets up and grabs the knife- he cuts the cake- giving Castiel a big piece. They enjoy the cake and and they all have seconds- Bobby and Castiel enjoy their gifts too. Pajama set for Castiel, a card and a six pack for his uncle.
"I broke Brady's nose-" Dean says that without any emotion. Castiel takes the seat next to him and Bobby sits on the other side.
"He knows!" Dean hisses, his face pale. "Oh my God- he threatened to shoot you didn't he- son of a bitch Bobby-"
"S'okay, boy-" his tone is one of understanding, "I ain't tryna pressure you into nothin', I was just sayin'-"
"Go away-" his voice comes out sounding stuffy, from crying. "You're so friggin' mean-" the bed dips at his side so he looks over his shoulder in a glare that conveys
Everything was strictly platonic, at least that's what it was supposed to be. Soon the week is over and Sunday comes along once again, they've got plans to watch the game. It wasn't Castiel's thing by any means, he'd rather be at his place curled up in bed with a good novel over a cup of coffee or hot chocolate after a long week of working. Castiel knocks on Johns front door on Sunday afternoon, he waits a while before the door is opened.
Dean puts the box of waffles he was handed into the freezer, "Uh, Cas?" their look at each other. "Am I gonna move in with you after my birthday or-"
He does a quick sweep through the house and can't find Dean, "DEAN!" he roars like a lion, "Where are you!?"
When Dean gets his cast on, he screams in pain. Castiel knows that the child screaming down the hall of the ER is Dean and it saddens him, they wouldn't let him along for moral support because he wasn't the father. But he sure will be paying the hospital like he was though, which seems unfair. When it's over and done with, Dean's escorted back into the ER room looking pretty traumatized.
Back at the house Dean's moping around, following Castiel through each room in the house as he picks up the mess and cleans. "May I help you?" he looks over his shoulder with a smile. Dean shrugs, watching him work. "Wanna help me?" he'd been sweeping each room and Dean shakes his head. Castiel looks at his watch, "Your dad should've been home by now-"
"Well Cas, guess I'm happy for you." Dean leans over and hugs his step dad. Bobby chooses that moment to walk by and stares at their embrace, he looks up and sees him watching. "Cas got a new job-"
"Has it been twenty minutes?" he looks over his shoulder innocently, knowing it has not even been fifteen minutes.
After dropping Sam off at home, they head over to the hospital and Dean wasn't happy about it- he'd been in the backseat, staring daggers at him through the rear view mirror.
for some strange ass reason, this isn't the kind of pillow talk he imagined after some hot sex. So he fills him in on what happened the previous night and the reasons for coming home so late without giving him a heads up to his whereabouts.
"Here's the quote-" the guy smiles, "He'll need to pay this before my guys start working-" and comes close enough to hand the teen a slip of yellow paper.
"I get it, please don't say it." Castiel looks over at Dean who had already began to cry, he scoots over on the couch and wraps an arm around him. "He told me a few years ago, but we never spoke about it again- I didn't want to pry." She nods, her facial expression one of compassion. "But I tried to be there for him as best I could, given the circumstances."
"Yea-" Dean says quietly before he looks up at his uncle, staring down at the both of them interacting this way because he had missed it.
Once they're inside and everything had been brought in, Castiel sighs and lets himself fall on the couch. The teen sits on the other side of the couch, kicking off his boots and Castiel says nothing about how he's not wearing socks. It's no surprise to him that he often wears his boots with no socks and for a while, he wasn't wearing any underwear either. In his defense it was because he got so hot, not that he cared since it made things easier for him when they had sex.
Dean nods, "Let me guess, you made his ass bleed-" and it's meant to be a joke but the older man doesn't take it that way.
Castiel sits up, holding his glass out to the other man. "Another." his glass is filled and he chugs that down. They all wish the storm was over. Another large gust of wind after the other howled outside- followed by the falling of rain.
"Ahh!-" comes the loud childish squeals that are half laughter, "Ahh!-hah!-hah!" and he's squirming in the center of the twin bed, legs kicking everywhere and yes he does kick the tickle monster in his chest by accident.
"You turn into Martha fucking Stewart or what?" The mechanic laughs after seeing the home made cookies on the table. Castiel ignores the comment and just watches his dirty hands grab a few cookies before going to the bedroom.
Castiel nods, understanding. "I won't pressure you to take me back. Anyway-" he sighs, "-we leave for our trip tomorrow morning, think you'll be up for it?"
"That's sad-" Castiel says in all honestly. "-you should have taken them out more often, they're great." a pang of guilt hits him since he was basically a homewrecker and he doesn't say anything further. John slides over on the bench that was connected to the table.
Later that night Bobby and Castiel are talking in the living room, by candlelight. The power wasn't on yet though they heard from the power company that someone would be over early in the morning to fix it. Dean finally exits his room, he goes to the bathroom.
"Lucky you." John sighs. They watch the game, Castiel could care less about it- he'd been more interested in the delicious meal Mary had prepared for them. The aroma of the food in the kitchen kept wafting over into the living room for quite a while before she called them over to the table.
The boy was still cute as ever, even if he was technically a man now but twenty is still pretty damn young. Castiel and Tommy are allowed one hug on arrival and one when they say goodbye and he takes full advantage of that. They hug and he manages to relish in the feel of his tight young body against him and resists the urge to moan in front of a room full of prisoners.
"I-" Dean laughs, finding the humor. "I don't remember anything, Cas. If the lights are off- assume I'm asleep."
"Excuse me?" now he glares right back at him hatefully. "Why would I be calling Gabriel?" Bobby just watches them interact, not wanting to get involved.
Dean nods quickly before rolling over on to his back, pushing his pants further down to his ankles. Soon they're both jacking off side by side, lazily at first while exchanging heated looks into each others eyes. While he's stroking himself insecurely, the mans large hand squeezes his thigh before completely taking over the task. "Relax-" and he nods in submission, relaxing completely.
Bobby cuts into the conversation, "Boo hoo princess." they look at him, "I had to drop outta school so I could work and help my parents."
Dean squeezes him, pulls him close. "Buddy, It's okay-" Jack looks into his eyes and he can't help but lean in close and press his lips against those of his friend. Before he realizes what he's done he pulls away and whispers, "Your sister's gonna be fine, they both are." Jack nods, still looking up at him so he decides to give him another kiss. It's soft and sweet and short. No heat, no passion- just comfort. "Are you gonna be alright by yourself?"
After getting up out of bed and moving around the house, he comes to realize that John never came home last night. Guess the rumors around town were true and the mechanic had found himself a chick to fool around with.
Dean sucks in an aroused breath, "Love it when you get rough with me-" and he's pressed against the door frame. "Just like that-" and they kiss sloppily for another few minutes before he's thrown out of the house before things have a chance to escalate further. "Bye!" he yells at the shut door, half laughing.
"...I-I went for that beer. We became friends, John was loud and outspoken. Didn't care about anything. I was always so shy and quiet, I spent a lot of time alone." He kisses the boys head.
"You're right, just- keep it friendly. Don't teach him anything-" he looks him up and down, "Sexual."
Castiel had to admit that one or two of these women were pretty sexy and could have either of them if he wanted. It was tempting and his eyes manage to follow the movement, every time one of these women uncross and recross their legs because they knew blue were were watching.
Once the door slams shut in the distance, Castiel pulls the teen close to his body for an embrace, completely oblivious to the fact that the teens uncle was peeking through the curtains and spying on their interaction.
The darkest secret he'll ever have, something his father used to do when he was just a boy. Dean's eyes are open now, but somehow the dream is still running, still playing in his mind. John Winchester is above him, kissing his neck, those large hands of his running underneath his damp shirt to feel his young flesh.
"What's wrong?" she places her manicured hand on his thigh and he flinches. "Seriously, what's wrong?"
and that in particular seemed to scare him something terribly even though he would never come out and say it because he didn't want to hurt his feelings.
Dean makes a quick sprint to the bed before letting himself fall on it stomach first, his ass no doubt jiggling with the movement. "Just get over here-" he then rolls over onto his back, one knee drawn up as if posing or something. "Are you deaf, I said come over here-"
Dean's so worried, by the time Meg comes out she smiles at him. "Castiel's fine, we just need to wait on the results of his EKG- Hey, he's okay-" she says, she notices Dean is trembling. "I'm actually more worried about you right now, do you feel okay?"
Dean's staring at his hand, "Snot came out of it-" then peeks under his covers. "It's all over-" and his eyelashes are wet with tears.
"God-" Dean wipes under his eyes with the sleeve of his flannel. "-they started fighting when dad started drinking again, he forced Cas to babysit me cause he always wanted to go to the bar next to our house."
The day his stepfather brought him to Bobby's he was so out of it, mentally and physically. The thought alone has his eyes burning with tears. "Fuck my life-" he sighs under his breath. His hands run up and down his thighs aimlessly, for no reason other than to feel something. His cock was hard between his legs but it doesn't matter then, he wants more than just to touch himself.
"Fuck-" Castiel keeps pumping into her until she's completely spent and pulls out before he comes on her thigh. "Ohh shit-" he sighs heavily and takes a moment to calm down before standing up, blinking the stars away from his eyes. "Shit-" he picks up his pants and quickly pulls them on. He was only human, and he'd like to think of himself as a good one at that so the guilt was setting in almost instantly.
Late in the afternoon Castiel comes home to pick up Dean and they head over to the dentist office. The day flew by before Dean finds himself sitting in the dental chair, prepped and ready to get his seventeen cavities filled in one go. The waiting seems to be the worst part until he sees the dentist come in, he's preparing his tools and he sees four large injections on the silver tray at his side.
he was family and Dean loved him like a father. A few minutes go by and he must have been lost in deep thought because he doesn't notice when his stepfather reaches over to hold onto his hand, interlocking their fingers
Castiel sighs and resumes his place at the table, he picks up his coffee mug. Dean is still watching him hatefully. "What, you need to charge your cell so you can call work- talk to your friend Gabriel."
"Wuss." Dean covers his face, "Hospital did me no good, I still feel like shit." Castiel goes to the kitchen, when he comes back he hands him a bottle of something he grabbed from the fridge. "What's this-Candy?" he examines the bottle. "Gummy vitamins? Are you joking-"
Dean settles for a slice of bread with peanut butter, he'd made the sandwich without noticing the blue eyed man on the couch until he turns around. His eyes go wide.
Castiel scoffs at the question because of course he does. "It's obvious that I do-" his voice is gentle, very fitting for the intimate moment.
Dean comes in and crawls on the bed next to the grumpy man, "My chest feels weird." he says, hand over his chest.
The mechanic must have heard the front door creak open, regardless of how quiet they tried to be because he peeks out of the kitchen with a coffee cup in hand. "Where ya two been?" at least he wasn't pissed like he had been yesterday. "Been callin' you for hours-" his eyes are fixed on the younger man.
Castiel doesn't rush to answer the question, instead he's silent for several minutes as he sorts through his memory. Eventually he confesses something that had weighed on his soul for years. He doesn't want to tell him about this secret but if he's going to marry Dean, he's got to.
Castiel inhales and exhales slowly, eyes fixed on the older man by his side. John's eyes examine him and his thumb brushes against his kiss swollen bottom him. It's what comes next that surprises him.
"I couldn't sleep all night, I was thinking about what you told me back at the cabin. You being homeless-"
Dean sucks in another drag, "Yea-" and exhales through his nose once again. "I don' either, got an uncle and a-" the sentence dies down. "You'd like my uncle Bobby, fixes cars too-"
Dean takes a seat on the bed, Castiel stands in front of him and starts listening for his heart beat with the stethoscope- it was cold and it made him flinch- "All normal-" he listens to his lungs next before it's wrapped around his neck again. "It's time for your injection, and your medication." Dean snorts because he thinks injection means something else, something dirty but Castiel actually pulls out a needle and prepares his vitamin shot.
"Answer me. I know guys like you...You're so tough and manly, you feel you can bully smaller guys like me."
The unhappy teenager rolls his eyes again, "It's not-"  before he starts stomping to the bathroom to grab the trash in there first, "-cash is cash right-" after that he goes to the kitchen and grabs that trash bag too, "Nothin' else?"
"Oh yea?-" he takes a large gulp of his root beer soda and does it again just to piss him off. Bobby does it too, though it wasn't as loud. "Nice try Bobby-"
that peeks his interest. Much to Castiel's surprise, the boy had a very refined taste in literature, for a teenager that is. After some looking, Castiel decides on a classic,
Apparently he had no clue that that he'd been a victim of a dumb prank. It looked like he just wanted to celebrate the holiday with him like they did every year. Dean can't help but feel jealous of the woman who was in here tonight but at least he's not in trouble.
Dean blushes, shoving his hands into his front pockets and looks completely beautiful in the suns final rays of light. "Thanks, Cas-"
"Don't hate you-" Dean looks over at him. "I hate what you did but I don't hate you." Castiel pulls him close so he can hold him against his chest. "But you're still an asshole-" and before he knows it, he's out for the night.
Castiel just smiles because he doesn't know what to say. "I better go-" and those words are Johns cue to get the hell out of his car, now. But the man leans in close enough to kiss him. The kiss wasn't sweet or gentle, it actually made him want to die right then and there. He exhales heavily and the man exits his car. Castiel stays behind long enough to watch the guy walk through the front door.
times, like when Dean was much younger. "Here we go-" Castiel serves him on a plate and he doesn't forget the large glob of ketchup- he'd always loved ketchup. "Eat up, I need to take a quick shower-" Dean nods.
"He's your boyfriend-" he turns over again to lay down, "not mine." and resumes playing on his phone.
Lunch is eaten in silence and now Castiel is feeling a lot like Mary had, what the poor woman had to endure at the hands of this man. He'd only just moved in a week ago and they were already starting to have problems. Minor things, but they were still problems and John would fuck him so good that he didn't care what issues popped up, he'd put up with anything just to have a boyfriend and a warm body to touch at night.
Dean pockets the money and rolls his eyes, "Obviously." Both teenagers jump out of the car, Castiel sees Dean wrap his arm around her protectively as they walk up to the theatre. He can't help but feel happy for him, yet there's a pang of sadness.
"How's your recovery?" she starts and it's a stupid question because he hasn't been home a full twenty four hours yet.
He manages to eat a little more than half the burger and all the tots, he sits back with his hand resting on his stomach. "I'm done."
They all relax as they listen to the rain and wind hitting the home roughly. As expected- the weather girl on the screen affirmed Bobby's prediction. The tornado warning ended, but the storm still raged outside. Bobby suggested they sleep in the basement just in case and no fought him on it.
who you really have the hots for." Dean looks confused and she looks over at Cas. "I'm not an idiot."
Dean notices the large wallet, filled with receipts and random little scratches of paper. "Lemme get it-" and pulls out his own, taking out a few bills to pay with plus tip. "Ya gotta start lettin' me treat you Bobby, you're my uncle and I wanna pay you back some-"
"Shut up Cas." Dean sits down on the sand that still feels warm, and Castiel sits behind him- wrapping his arms around him in a loose embrace. "Love you." Dean leans back against the strong chest that holds him up. "Always." he adds.
Castiel smiles warmly, pouring some on a loofah for the boy and when he's given the loofah he just stares at him. "Right, I keep forgetting you're handicapped-" he jokes and Dean is uncomfortably silent while he washes the boys hairless body. He runs the loofah over every inch of his skin, avoiding his butt and privates of course. "You can wash there yourself, can't you?"
Castiel hovers close over him, "Shh, go ahead and come-" and doesn't fuck him harder or faster, just keeps the same pace and lets Dean get there on his own. "Come when you feel like it-" Castiel french kisses him lazily, "I love you so much-"
the soft whimper escapes those parted pink lips. Castiel notices that the boys eyebrows were knit together in what seemed to be pre-teen arousal or confusion. "Can you do it again-" he asks softly for another bite.
"Don't think Cas would like me hangin' around her." Dean pours cream and sugar into the black coffee that just arrived for him. "He's scared I'll get someone pregnant-"
Dean laughs, "Yea I know-" more silence. "FYI, I'm wearing nothing but those little briefs you got me-" the man groans on his end, in frustration. "Alright, I'm done messin' with you, Cas. You just make it so damn easy-" the line goes dead, which makes him smile proudly. Pushing the mans buttons has always been one of his favorite hobbies and always will be.
They arrive home, and Dean's stripping off his jacket and his button down shirt as he makes his way to his room. Castiel doesn't say anything else about Jo, he feels if he does he may let on that he's jealous. "You gonna eat anything?" he asks Dean, who now stands in just his jeans.
Eventually saying, "Alright, Bobby-" and sits up. "I think we get the point-" but the bearded man makes no effort to turn off the movie and was quite into it. "Fine, Goodnight you two-" and the front door slams shut behind him.
It's late in the night when Castiel is finally walked over to their locked cell by a one of the guards. Dean had been awake because the paper thin mattress underneath him is beyond uncomfortable.
"Then I'm coming in." he yanks open the stall door- it was unlocked- and comes in, crowding the boys space. Castiel looks at him for a moment before saying, "-what the fuck were you thinking, messing around with that girl." and pulls the nervous teenager up against his body aggressively.
Dean's slipping into his jeans which now fit a little baggy on him, and he's slipping on his hoodie too. Which fits him baggy as well. He says, "Sam found this dead cat near some trees by our school- we're gonna go poke it-"
Goosebumps pop up all over his arms and he's growing worried, his body feels so heavy to lug around, like he'd just ran a marathon or finished a work out. He's now making his way back home after finding not a living soul next door, taking his time walking up the dirt road. The wind was non existent too and he hugs himself the whole way back.
"Not gonna kill myself, Cas." Dean doesn't touch his hot dog for a while, that comment struck a nerve. The conversation around him between the two adults continued as if he wasn't there, eventually his anger passed and he ate his dog-  "I'm gonna go get another root beer, you guys need anything?" Bobby asked for another beer. He goes inside the farm house and searches the fridge for another beer, virgin for him, regular for his uncle- He secretly takes a swig before he heads out.
He begins to pant as he strokes himself harder and faster, his other hand gripping the steering wheel. He's got to hold onto something after all. Dean catches the look of pain Castiel gets when he burns his hand a little bit when he opens the oven, in any other situation he'd laugh but right now- nothing is funny. It's almost like Castiel can feel eyes on him, the man turns around and looks him right in the eye. Dean stills, like he's caught but in reality he can't see anything from the chest down. He breathes out, Castiel waves him over from the window. Dean smiles and shakes his head, "Come on get a grip." he mumbles out loud and stuffs his chubbed up dick in his jeans again. "How the hell am I gonna hide this shit-" he whines, locking the car door before making his way inside.
"Do you want to get fucked again?" he shakes his head, he's already fucked out for the day. "That's what I thought." he smiles back. "Take a shower."
Castiel takes a few seconds to calm himself, his hand rubbing and grabbing at the plush ass on display just for him. The sudden light slap of leather against Dean's bare ass makes them both moan. "You okay?" he nods, looking over his shoulder innocently. "Fucking gorgeous-" another slap, still not hard enough to cause any real pain. "My kitten-" another slap.
"It was." John sulks, still acting through his teeth. Maybe if he makes the doctor feel bad for him, he'll let more things slide. Things felt awkward on Castiel's end, he doesn't know what to say. The guy fucked and hit every bit of sympathy he had for him it seems. "I love you, please don't ever leave me-" Castiel blinks, gulping. "-don't leave us. Dean would would never stop crying if you left."
Dean laughs, "Well you have been. Alright Cas- because I love you so much and I don't want you to have a heart attack because of me I'll do you a favor."
Luckily Bobby hadn't been home in that moment or he would've tore him a new one for destroying the car they were working so hard day in and day out to repair. Castiel bursts through the back screen door, "Dean!" and yanks him by the arm, away from his car. "What's wrong with you?!"
"Nineteen-" at least he was honest about it. "-does that turn you on?" he turns around now, facing him as he grinds against him to the music.
"I'm sorry for what I did to you-" he whispers softly into the darkness and the candle relights itself almost instantly as the apology was made.
Sex wasn't the end game, it never was in this room because all they ever do in here was hump each other to climax. Well, Castiel's climax that is. Yet something felt so different about tonight, like they both knew that their usual routine wouldn't satisfy either of them this time. They both wanted more and it was going to happen, it was going to happen right
"Yep-" Dean looks through the aisles until he finds what he's looking for, his eyes land on a box of blue pills. "He'll need these soon enough-" he mumbles to himself, luckily no one heard that. His eyes land on a bottle of cherry cold medicine, he's got no idea if it's any good, it's the generic kind but he likes cherry flavored anything so it will do. "Found it-" he calls out in the middle of the store, looking through every aisle for his uncle and finds him in the chips aisle. "Got it-" he holds up the red bottle.
" Yeah ok. " His ego felt crushed, little did he know he was going to feel even older the more time he spent with this boy.
"I should spank you-" his tone is one of extreme arousal. "Wait, what did you steal from me?" he sits up in the bed, blue eyes looking up at the standing teen.
His thoughts quickly go to Dean as he lathers up his hardening cock and lets it go completely because he really isn't going to pleasure himself with thoughts of a child in his mind. "Damn it, Dean-" his eyes begin to water, stinging his eyes or perhaps it was the shampoo still in his hair.
"I meant you were getting big as in, growing up-" and she smiles at him carefully. "You probably misunderstood me, you were thirteen the last time I had seen you before-"
Dean states, "No-" firmly but his eyes are cast downwards to his boots in an odd shame. Jody doesn't seem to believe him because she's just watching him, expressionless. "Can I leave?" the question is asked suddenly while biting the skin on the side of his thumb and still not looking her in the eyes.
Dean blinks away the sweat from his eyes, not responding- his eyes still looking over the dirt road where the trees are. "We outta take him to the hospital-" Castiel nods.
Castiel's hands are on his hips because they're both treading on thin ice here, "You don't hang out in here when your father-"
Dean blushes profusely, eyes cast downwards when suddenly strong arms embrace him. They sway a little bit and he finally looks up, giving the older man the prettiest smile. His friends are across the yard, watching them intensely but they don't make fun. Maybe Dean's not the only boy toy he's had in here, "I'm still hungry-" he admits, might as well take advantage of his good mood.
"Take those off too baby-" he looks at Dean's boxers as he undresses himself. Once he's standing there naked, Dean watches him turn on the water in the large tub. "Come here-" the look Castiel has in his eyes is something else, he's hungry. "-don't be scared, it's just me and you." he whispers, holding him close- his nose in Dean's hair. "We have to cut this hair soon." he mentions, running his fingers through it.
"Is that bad?" Jack's voice cracks before he takes the second drag of his life. Dean takes the cigarette back between his fingers, before he can respond he says "I bet you've been with lots of girls-"
Castiel was so used to Dean being a little more than musty after fixing a car or even when he was younger and came into the house after playing all day with Sam. But Robins a girl and girls don't like when boys stink, all that fussing over him- he could just picture it. Coming home after a long day of working and sweating his ass off at some shop, and then her nagging him to get in the shower before even getting the chance to kiss her. It would drive him
Castiel should really make himself scarce before he's asked about girls once again or worse, gets asked if
"Come on-" Castiel groans, pushing the bowl of jello away. "Please, stop crying." he whispers, handing her a napkin. "I didn't tell you to make you cry-"
"Okay I guess-" the boy shrugs, pulling the shirt way over his knees to his ankles as if to cover himself up completely and he really just looks like a brown blob. It makes Castiel laugh and he looks up at him in wonder. "Why are you laughing?"
That night they fall asleep together in bed and snuggled for warmth and comfort. Castiel does his best to keep him calm throughout the night when the boy wakes up crying because he's scared of the storm or because his dad isn't home yet, every time he's reassured that everything is okay. Dean must believe him because he always snuggles in closer and goes back to sleep.
he's feeling himself getting horny. He kinda likes when Castiel is firm with him and playing it cool.
They all nod and secretly cast hateful glances at Mildred for ruining their evening because they actually liked Castiel and were becoming his friends. It didn't start off that way at first though, they saw that he was a doctor and who wouldn't want to bag one of those but the more they talked to the man and spent time with him, they saw that he was a great person.
"Are you sure baby?" the teen nods, biting his lip again. "We'll go slow-" he nods again. "Do you want to get in bed?" he agrees and so he guides the teen out of his clothes into the plain bed, helping him lay back against the pillow. "Can I kiss you?"
"Ughh-God-" he cries softly, involuntarily fucking backwards on the two thick fingers inside his body. "-shit-"
Before his uncle could respond or apologize for his insensitive words, the teen gets up from the table and storms off. "Dean!" he follows him outside, just in time to catch him running off next door. If he didn't have such a bad knee, maybe he would have run off after him but pissed or not he's just too old to be running after a moody teenager.
She smiles, pulls out a chair and sits across from him. "Do your best, and I'll try to help. Sound good?"
As soon as he walks through the door, Bobby is all over him and is asking him a whole bunch of questions. "Relax, I was with a friend-" but the man doesn't believe him for a second. "Alright fine, I got lost and Cas came to bail me out-" the clock on the wall was reading almost ten in the evening which wasn't helping his case. "I swear, Bobby. We didn't do nothin'-"
Dean's heart began to race, "Yeah?" and couldn't help the smile that peeked through his worrysome face. The teenager thought he almost looked
Dean looks up at him for two second before refocusing on the flickering screen. A large hand is squeezing his shoulder, he doesn't seem to notice it or just doesn't care. Though when the mans hand rests heavily on his thigh, he looks up at him again.
After a while he assumes Dean has fallen asleep because he's no longer crying and he hasn't moved either so he picks the teen up, carrying him all the way to the bed. He'd changed out the sheets and freshened up the room while Dean had been in the shower, otherwise they wouldn't have been able to use the bed to sleep on. As soon as they're in bed, under the covers- Dean rolls over to Castiel's side and uses his chest as a pillow, draping his leg over his body.
"Like to the train tracks?" Castiel read his mind, setting a plate in front of him that contain eggs and toast. He nods. "I'll make sure that you don't do that." He kisses the top of Dean's head. "But I think I need to get you into therapy."
Dean sits up, snuggling the animal against his chest. "I was rakin' the leaves and I found her-" after a beat, "I get to keep her right?" and his tone sounds like a guilt trip for his uncle waiting to happen. "I never had a kitten before-"
Castiel blushes, "What?" he feels the steel toe boot pressing up against his groin from under the table. "Stop that." he begs. The waitress comes back, perfect timing- to hand them their coffees. Regular for Castiel and decaf for him.
"I don't want to hear it, Dean. Next time you'll get kicked out so you better behave." Castiel starts walking away knowing Dean will follow him and he does. He takes the Ice pack with him. "Were you fighting?"
Dean hesitates before nodding, "Yea-" a full emotional breakdown is on the surface but he's pushing it down. "Cas doesn't know about my dream, I didn't tell em'-" there's a few moments where neither of them speak because he begins to cry. "I don't know how to live without him-"
He's taken by surprise- "Excuse me?" that sounded more defensive than he meant. "What are you talking about?"
-" the soft whimper escaped him because a large hand had gotten carried away while rubbing sunscreen on his inner thigh.
"Guess not-" Castiel has his hands clasped together under the table, on his lap. "I'll have a beer-" he asks one of the semi nude waiters that passes by them.
"You sound like a girl-" Castiel huffs, he's already spilled deep inside of Dean's hole a while ago but keeps plowing into him for some extra fun.
Castiel makes quick work of taking off his own clothes, then Dean's. After putting on a condom, he spits on Dean's pink hole- as soon as he feels it pushing inside, he moans loudly- they both do. Soon a comfortable but quick pace is set, making the headboard knock into the wall every single time he punches into the teens ass.
Dean looks down in shyness, "Stop-" his shoulders hunch up like he's trying to hide himself away. "You're jus' makin' fun of me-" he's forced to look up into the mans blue eyes, the next kiss comes and his jaw loosens up so their tongues can become one.
Castiel kisses him on the lips once, suddenly taking into account how cold his hand was. Instead of worrying, or annoying Dean with his concerns he pulls him in close to warm him up- being mindful of the IV lines.
Castiel licked his bottom lip before inching closer to Dean, "Don't be." he grabs hold of the side of his face, kissing him. Firmly but gently. "Shhh, It's okay."
“I drank so much when you left.” He said sadly. “I didn’t know what to do. I felt like I was falling in love with you. Then you’re gone and I have to move on-before we really started.”
Castiel's stomach is hurting pretty fucking bad when he walks into the dimly lit club and the loud music takes him back. He really doesn't want to be here but Dean wants to have this experience and he'll be damned if he robs him of it. It doesn't take long before his eyes land on the bearded man and the young love of his life.
Even though the words the two adults exchange between themselves about him is a lot nicer that was his dad used to tell his mom, It still pissed him off that Castiel would answer the phone for Bobby and not him. The excuse he's always given is that he's always busy with work. That work is
"For fuck sake Bobby-" Dean groans, "I'm friggin' in love with him- what don't you get?" Bobby stays silent though it looks like he wants to respond but doesn't know how so he just gets up and leaves him alone. Not two minutes later his door opens again, he came back.
Dean's basically hugging the pillow and biting into it to keep from being too loud, not that anyone was around to hear what his stepfather was doing to him but more so because the home felt extremely silent. Any sound would feel out of place and quite strange. He eventually comes with a strangled whimper that catches in his throat and rolls onto his stomach in relief, not caring about the mess on him or the hand that just made him
As soon as Castiel stumbles into the kitchen for some coffee the next morning he sees Dean is already up- "Been a while since you've been up this early." he pours himself some coffee and begins to fumble around in the fridge for something to eat.
Castiel laughs softly, "Shower? we both need it." he grabs the teenager by the arms and pulls him up so he's standing. "I'll clean you up."
Castiel laughs, "I bet-" he grabs the boys workbook and looks over his answers before he leaves. "-looks good. Anyways, tell Sam your new friend says hi." and he gets up, walking towards the door and the boy trails behind him.
Dread settles in when it's time to clean up the mans desk, coffee cups and candy bar wrappers littered the space. "What a fuckin' pig-" and get's started to tossing all wrappers and cups into the wastebasket, accidentally managing to toss a few important papers in the process. His defense would be that everything looked like trash if he was asked about it.
"See you later baby." Castiel gives him a sad smile before exiting the bathroom. When Dean finally exits the bathroom a few minutes later he sees that Castiel is talking to Lisa and goes straight to the kitchen.
Dean rushes into bed next to him and pulls the shirt over his legs when he catches the older man checking them out. "Stop eye raping me-" his tone is soft, shy almost.
Castiel sticks around until he's done eating breakfast, "Ready?" and stands up, chugging the last of his coffee before they head outside. "Cutie-" Castiel wraps an arm around the teenager as they make the walk down the road to his place. "I really miss seeing you everyday-"
Dean spent most days outside shooting beer cans with the rifle or helping his uncle with a car- he'd been learning a lot about cars from Bobby.
Dean opens one eye in annoyance, "Can't eat right now." his chest rises and falls slowly, deeply. "Maybe later." his hand goes to cover his eyes like he's in agony.
Castiel wasn't paying attention to him because his eyes were glued to a pair of pink overalls that had little hears on them.
"Be careful, fooling around with a grown man is different than messin' round with a boy." Bobby goes to the kitchen, he follows- and his uncle starts making himself a snack.
Any onlooker would think there was something inappropriate going on between the two young teens because they looked to be a little too
After a quick glance at his gold watch, he shuts the book that was on his lap and remembers nothing about what he'd just read in the last half hour. When his eyes look up, they meet the pretty eyes of a woman who looked to be his age. Against his better judgement, he smiles at her and the smile is returned.
Castiel nods, "You're pretty smart." he comments. "Not many eleven years old would show much interest in the water cycle." the comment makes the boy blush and he noticed it because his ears were red. "You just started middle school, sixth grade right?" the boy nods. "Any electives?"
Dean smiles before pulling the man close to him and holding his head to his chest. "Stop being a little bitch, you're not disappointing me-" his fingers are in his hair again, "There's other stuff we could do-" his words sound extremely suggestive.
Castiel nods, "You've been better for a while now, you just didn't notice-" and he regrets it, hoping not to trigger him in any way by implying that he looked better. The teen could take it to mean that he's gained weight, which he has of course but it looked good on him. "So-" he sighs, a smile on his face. "Movie night?"
Castiel states seriously, "No Dean, I'm not. Jimmy was and I'm not jimmy anymore." His eyes refocus on his daughter in the distance. "Look how happy she is-" both of them watch her from afar, "I'm not going to ruin that-"
he got up, along with his coffee and walked over to the guys table. Who knows what possessed him to do this. Maybe it was loneliness.
"I ate too much-" Dean lies, he does want to have sex but he can barely get a deep breath in- and he's lightheaded. A fucking from Castiel is not something he can endure right now. "Sorry-I want to, just-" Castiel kisses him softly, "You're not mad?"
He woke up in a better mood than when he had fallen asleep so he jokes with his uncle as usual while they work on a car. By noon Bobby tells to go relax in the house for a while, that he could handle the rest of the job so Dean does as told and goes inside. After he has a root beer he calls out to his uncle, "Is it cool if I go next door?" Once he's got the all clear he walks up the road and relief floods his veins when Castiel's car is there.
When they're sitting down at the diner for lunch as usual Castiel asks him, "Do you want to make some extra money?" in that moment their food arrives and they dig in, continuing the conversation. "Since I'm rarely home I was thinking about giving you a key to the house, you can come over and take out the trash for me, laundry, clean-" Castiel takes a bite of his sandwich, "-stuff like that."
All he knew is that he needed to find him and fast because the world is a big scary place with big scary people.
Castiel takes a seat at the table now, "I think that's everything-" Dean glares. "-if I remember anything else, I'll tell you." Just then his phone rings, "What's up Bobby?" he speaks into his cell, Dean got up to pull out supplies for sandwiches from the fridge and he watches the boy make them. "Really?" he groans, "At this rate I'll be out of a job- thanks for letting us know, bye." he hangs up.
Dean is sitting on the couch awkwardly while his stepfather escorts the herd of cackling hens outside to their cars and he's just about to stand up to go home before the man comes in, telling him
"Of course-" Castiel pushes aside his computer and leans closer to the young boy. After working for a while John comes home for lunch, expecting a home cooked meal.
Dean sighs, "Awesome-" and the man under him starts becoming uncomfortable, something was wrong. "What?" he pulls away, eyebrows knitted together in confusion. "Don't tell me you gotta poop right now-"
