“Oh! Oh, I’m so sorry, I didn’t see you there! Not that you aren’t worth seeing, not at all. I just haven’t seen Sherlock in a while so I was all eyes for him, like. Well! Partner! Does that mean you two are...I mean...is he one of your...no, no, you wouldn’t bring...Doctor! Are you an ‘ouch, I’m bleeding, fix it’ doctor or a ‘wow, look at all those equations, that’s really complicated’ doctor?”
After a quick shower, John exited the bathroom in jeans, rubbing a towel over his head, to hear Sherlock on the phone finishing up a breakfast order.
an epilogue. It is also not written yet, and I'm job hunting, so have patience and have faith...it's a'comin', I promise.
John reached one hand into Sherlock’s hair, playing with the loose curls. Sherlock began to deep-throat him at the same time as moving to the other nipple, flicking it with a fingernail.
Sherlock slithered up off the couch, drawing John up with him into a standing embrace. “I think you’d better get undressed then, hadn’t you.”
, with classic illustrations by Robin Lawrie; the quote and picture are from page one in the 1994 Puffin Classics edition; Penguin Books, England. (Yes, this edition didn’t exist at the time this story is taking place, but the pictures are the classic pictures that I remember from the 70s so it’s all good.)
Sherlock heard it a block away, but somehow he didn’t piece together the impact it would have. They were chatting about the number of tattoos on the street busker they’d just passed when a racket that was different from the Chinatown parade became evident. There was shouting, and a loud rhythmic banging, and drumming, and whistles, and all of it sounded angry. As they rounded the corner to the block with the hotel’s entrance, Sherlock groaned.
“John, Molly taught me to meditate. She taught me to value myself when I had given up. She was—” Sherlock hesitated for a fraction of a second. “She was the only one who saw me as a person instead of a dirty drug-addicted whore. Including myself. I owe my life to her.”
I’ve taken a job serving at the New Forest Inn. It’s quite interesting, getting to meet all different sorts who come to stay here! Mostly they come to see the forest or to see where Arthur Conan Doyle stayed when he was writing his book. Your Da is still working extra shifts. The money you’ve been sending has been quite a help, ta, but make sure you keep enough for your own needs, love.
Lestrade was still amazed at Fawnlock’s speech. In the short span of three months, he had gone from stammering about as well as a human toddler to sounding like he had gone to the poshest boarding school and straight to uni. He had begun demanding that Lestrade bring him stacks of college-level textbooks. At first, Lestrade had not believed that the deer boy could possibly understand them; it wasn’t until he started quizzing Fawnlock (for a lark) on a chemistry text that Fawnlock proved he had absorbed and was surpassing the level of the books brought to him.
John’s fist flung out and cracked against Sherlock’s cheekbone. Sherlock let out a muffled yelp and fell backwards onto the floor.
“Turn on your front, please, John, and scoot up so your face is in the cradle.” John complied awkwardly. He saw Sherlock had changed into loose cotton trousers and a tight black t-shirt. He heard a strange wet sound and looked up from the padded doughnut-thing, craning his neck back to see where Sherlock was standing behind him, on his left, rubbing his hands together briskly.
John ended up relaying most of the story of his and Sherlock’s time together that week, hinting at but not detailing his erectile issues and the reasons for his PTSD, but expounding upon the rest. He already knew that she was aware of Sherlock’s occupation, so he wasn’t worried about outing him.
I know nothing, nor did I do any research, about how often a “healthy male under the age of 60” ejaculates, either on purpose or in sleep, though I do remember reading that Gandhi, who tried very hard to force his body not to ejaculate, was furious at himself for a few wet dreams (over which, if you ask me, he had no control and therefore should not have held himself accountable). I also know nothing, nor did I do any research, about what it means if someone’s ejaculate is clear, although I did ask my boyfriend who speculated along with me that that probably indicates little to no sperm. I do not know if that indicates a prostate exam should be done—probably unrelated, actually—and I do not know the age at which regular prostate exams usually start, though I would imagine it’s around middle age, and I also imagine that John, as a doctor, would start them earlier.
Just as he thought this, he tripped over a great big branch and he screamed. His leg was on fire! What had happened? He looked down from where he was sprawled on the ground and his leg looked funny; his shin was bent at an angle. It looked frightful. He tried to stand up and fell down immediately, and he began to cry harder than he’d ever cried before, even harder than that time he’d got lost from his mum in a supermarket.
Sherlock tucked his shoulder under John’s good arm and pulled him to his feet. They stumbled to the room and into the bathroom, where Sherlock placed John on the closed toilet lid.
John buried his face harder against Sherlock. Sherlock put his hand against John’s forehead and carefully pushed his head away. He pulled the gag slowly out by the base, not wanting to hurt John’s teeth. Eventually John let it go and immediately put his face back against Sherlock’s neck.
Johnny was breathing hard. He was out of the rain. The creature was watching him, still holding tight to his wrist. It dropped his backpack down on the floor of the cave, and then it moved until it was but a few inches in front of him, gazing at him with huge green eyes.
He couldn’t stop laughing, and he kind of tipped over onto the ground, squashing more of the small tomatoes, which made him laugh even more. The deer boy threw up his hands and stalked off while Johnny caught his breath. He plucked one of the undamaged tomatoes from the pile and gave it a taste.
John chuckled. Sherlock opened the door and ushered John into the restaurant with a hand on the small of his back. Sherlock watched John shiver a bit at the touch. Then John was distracted by an old song, “Unchained Melody”, playing through the speakers mounted overhead.
When they were both cleaned up and dressed and ready to face the world, Sherlock coached John on how to talk to Mycroft.
Sherlock was on his knees, and he pulled John up against him, and they were touching, skin to skin, no clothing barriers. With Sherlock kneeling, their height differential wasn’t as great, but Sherlock still had to bend his head to ravish John’s mouth. John was thrilled to feel Sherlock’s hard length pressed against his belly, just above his own cock, which was raising itself with interest. Sherlock pressed one large hand against the back of John’s head and wrapped one long arm around John’s back. John clutched at Sherlock, trying not to lose his balance. He began to stroke Sherlock’s back with his fingertips, marvelling at how very long his torso was.
! I love that movie! Wait, are these pictures the same as the drive-in that Curt and Steve hung out at?”
“My, don’t I feel special.” But John gave Sherlock a cocky grin and began climbing the steep stairs of the narrow entrance.
“You’ll see, John. Just wait.” Sherlock was practically vibrating with anticipation; he bounced a little on his toes, waiting for John to climb out of the cab. This was his favorite place in San Francisco, and he could not wait to share it with John. He had been thrilled when he had stumbled upon it himself and had spent many happy hours inside, revisiting his favorite niches or just revelling in the quiet and thinking.
John ground again, inelegantly, feeling Sherlock’s hardness pressed awkwardly to the side in his jeans. He let the nipple go only to take the other in a full-mouthed suction of the entire area. Sherlock’s head jerked up sharply.
Fawnlock glanced up and saw where Lestrade was staring. He put his hand up, felt what had gone wrong, turned and bolted.
Hundreds of kilometres away, Fawnlock gazed at the moon through the open window in his new bedroom. He rubbed thoughtfully at the hated nubs of new antlers. He really would have to come up with some formula to keep them from growing anew each year. A breeze swept in, bringing with it the scent of primroses. Fawnlock found himself thinking about last spring, about sitting at the edge of a clearing and watching a certain boy gaze up at the moon. Then he thought about that same boy doing things behind the canvas of what he now knew was called a tent, noisy things with other humans that made Fawnlock feel more alone than he’d ever felt. He looked down from the window and went back to studying the acid solutions outlined in the most recent issue of the Royal Society of Chemistry’s “Analyst” that the Lyndhurst Public Library had (several years old; he really needed a university connection), and he stopped thinking about primroses and human boys’ backyards.
He reached down and mouthed at one of John’s arsecheeks and sternly told his cock to be patient. Coating a third finger in some excess lube in the crack, he slowly tried introducing it to John’s hole. There was some resistance at first, and then the muscle released and he was in. He held very still.
Their agent was shouting at the mob to get out of the way and let them through. Her voice carried and would have been instantly obeyed in a more orderly, quieter situation. She was also using her elbows and knees effectively.
Sherlock was amazed by the experience. Yes, John had been very slightly musky at first, but mostly he had tasted faintly of soap, and now he tasted like nothing. But the skin at his entrance was so very, very silky and smooth; it was an intensely interesting sensory event when combined with the irrational taboo of licking the arse.
to eliminate the need for difficult-to-read translation. (Well, it will in some places. And not in others. I’m fickle.)
“Would you like tea?” A young woman started pouring Oolong into their handleless cups before they could respond. “Ready to order?”
Now he had to think of another way to bring Sherlock close to orgasm. He looked back down at Sherlock’s weeping, angry cock, which looked about one mild breeze away from coming all over Sherlock’s chest. He leaned over Sherlock and peered at the floor.
He’d read about The Stud in a few of the racier travel blogs about San Francisco when he’d been preparing for the conference, and the flamboyant name had stuck in his head. He’d never dreamed of going to the raunchy bar, but now he realized there was nowhere else he wanted to be. Sherlock wanted to play gay sex games, did he? Well, he’d show Sherlock just how well he could play gay sex games. Let Sherlock come and try to find him at a naughty gay bar. Maybe
“Aww, there’s no need for that.” Sherlock pulled him down into his arms and kissed him, again and again, until the pout succumbed to warm, soft lips and tender licks.
“It would be my pleasure. Give me a moment.” Sherlock stepped back in his room, turned off the lights, and came back to John wearing soft cotton sweatpants, tied with a drawstring. He closed the door and followed John to the bed.
“Fair point.” John took a sip of his admittedly exceptional tea and sat down on the sofa with a contented sigh.
“Come come John, we haven’t got all night.” As John fumbled for his wallet, Sherlock scoffed and pulled out a thick roll of cash. He paid the bill and handed the cashier a $100 bill.
“Look at you. You’ll take whatever I give you, won’t you. So docile, so biddable. You’ll let me feed you, water you, pet you. You’re so very, very good, John. Slip deeper under for me. Let me control you.”
“Very clever, that Sherlock,” Molly said. “I wouldn’t have thought of that. The illusion of being bound—the freedom of feeling held, combined with the freedom of movement. Fantastic! You liked it, right?”
Sherlock stared at him. “That’s highly unusual. A healthy male under the age of sixty will at the very least ejaculate in his sleep at least once a week.”
“Of course you do. But you certainly don’t like her.” It was working; he’d broken the panic attack by surprising John.
Sherlock shifted so that he was sitting beside John, his leg pressed warmly against John’s, and took John’s hand in his.
They walked to stand on the corner of the sidewalk, and John stared up at the flag. He didn’t take his eyes from it. He stood there for a few minutes, silent.
“Here, I’ll show you how it works,” Johnny conceded when he had a firm grasp on it again. “You make the needle point to the N, like this.” He pivoted the compass around, keeping it more or less horizontal to the ground. The deer boy peered at it with interest.
“Fine! I don’t care! Do what you want!” Johnny turned his back on the deer boy and stomped forwards a few more meters. Then he stopped and looked around. The sun was almost directly overhead by now. Unfortunately, that was of no navigational help to him whatsoever. Taking a deep breath, he picked a direction and ran. He began to yell while he ran, venting all the fear and frustration of the past day and night. Yes, he’d done what he set out to do; he found Pan! But Pan was just a stupid kid; it was all just a fairy tale after all, and now he might never make it home. He might have to stay in the forest for the rest of his life, eating nothing but sour berries.
“Right, I can let you, a stranger I just met, see me at my worst, and I can use you for sexual services, and then in a few days I can go home, good as new, is that it?”
“Okay?” Sherlock asked, turning to look at John while stroking his foot soothingly. John gazed down towards his foot. He couldn’t see the cuff—Sherlock was deliciously blocking his view—but the feeling was quite strange. He had just gotten used to the heaviness surrounding his wrists; the restriction around his ankle seemed to tip the balance for his brain into some kind of warning.
“I think I can take care of that. Just relax and let this happen,” Sherlock said in a deep, quiet voice that made goosebumps rise across John’s skin. He pulled back a bit and met John’s lips in a kiss, his tongue licking its way into John’s mouth. John opened to him and Sherlock’s tongue slipped across his own, warm and soft, thick and wet. John let out a small, muffled moan.
“You think I’m some kind of religious saint, don’t you, John? I’m a practitioner and employee at the Zen Center. That’s not really a religion, though many of us are also Buddhists. It’s a
She grimaced slightly at his utterly happy expression. “Yeah, you may regret that. I’ll see you then, soldier. Till then,
Sherlock was sat at the desk in his room, typing on his laptop. He was sketching out a plan for returning to London.
And then John couldn’t keep up. He was trying to count, and lick at Sherlock between the drops, and Sherlock gave up and just started sucking John continuously, and John swatted weakly at Sherlock, who had the nerve to grind up at him, and then a bunch of ice shifted and a stream of
The man stood and smiled softly; he placed one hand on each of the boys’ heads and held them there for a moment. Johnny closed his eyes and felt utterly and completely loved. The man lifted his hands and stepped back; he bent down to pick up his pipe, and as he began to play, Johnny felt the weight of the entire adventure upon him. The dappled sunlight was warm, and the deer boy behind him was soft and comfortable, and he felt himself drift off into a dreamless sleep.
I had the dig-under-the-skull therapy once. It was for an excrutiating hour. The therapist told me a long, harrowing story of his origin country—I think it was Liberia? It’s been years—to distract me from the really quite difficult pain. I wish I could remember his tale; it was intense, very personal, and I felt very honored that he shared it with me. My head felt so very light after he broke up that knot. I wish I could go see him again, some 20 years later, as I am back to daily migraines.
“More likely all the toes we stepped on and shins we kicked.” John laughed to himself. “God, I wonder how old Murray is doing.”
Warning: the rating will likely change to E in the next chapter, with teenage sexuality involved (for characters aged 13 thru 18).
“The only way I was able to...extricate...Sherlock from the situation he was in was to get Moriarty to agree that Sherlock would never set foot in London again. Well, there were several other agreements made, but no need to go into that. If Sherlock returns, there is no way I can protect him. He will be in
that was good. John had always had sensitive nipples, but his lovers had never been particularly interested in them. A good hard pinch had him bucking into Sherlock’s mouth in earnest, and Sherlock
“Irrelevant. You are the most interesting person I’ve ever met. If my feelings get hurt, that’s on me; I’m not supposed to have feelings.”
They both nodded slightly at each other and headed towards the elevator, an agent on each side. Wiggins and Angela were in a heated discussion at the check-in desk but watched them carefully as they moved through the lobby. Sherlock caught their glances and gave them some sort of signal—John couldn’t quite see what it was—but it seemed to ease their fears, and they turned back to arguing with their supervisor.
John’s comment about bisexuals not having to come out is consistent with my own personal experience. I do not intend any bisexual erasure, nor do I intend to imply anything about anyone else’s bisexual experience. It’s fiction, darlings.
He and his dad grew very close, though they didn’t talk much about anything other than forest skills. They could spend a whole weekend setting up a tent, tending a fire, fishing, cooking, eating, and reading with barely a dozen words between them. It was an easy, comfortable relationship.
“She said it was an utter disaster. It was impossible for them to maintain the solemn atmosphere past the soup course.”
“No, John, you wanted to hear it, so I’m telling it. You want to hear about the slicing? Or the breaking of already broken bones? Or how about the acid--”
When John had done his best to try to eat up Sherlock’s stomach, sides, and armpits, he slid over to Sherlock’s chest, and they both stopped laughing as his lips connected with one of Sherlock’s nipples. Sherlock gasped and John stilled, his teeth holding the nub firmly but gently in their grasp.
The one agent who was still standing rubbed a hand over his face, very unprofessionally; his other hand was pressed to the comms unit in his ear. “No need; he is making it clear that another team is on its way now.” The agent slipped into a more formal, somewhat toneless delivery as he said: “I apologize to both you, Mr Holmes, and to Dr Watson, for putting you in danger by not doing our jobs well enough. I am certain that the next team will be unimpeachable in their service.” These last two sentences were clearly dictated to the agent by whomever was speaking to him through his earpiece.
The drips came faster and in wildly irregular clusters, and John got to punish Sherlock a few times, slapping his prick hard enough to make it shift towards his hip at about a 20 degree angle from its proud, straight bearing up along Sherlock’s belly, hard enough to make drops of pre-cum fling out across his abdominal skin. It couldn’t have hurt, but Sherlock was startled the first time, and yelped around the solid flesh of John’s member in his mouth; the next few times, he simply grunted.
Johnny stepped out into the heat of his back garden. He glanced around at the dispiriting sight of tired brown grass, a rusted swingset, a kiddy pool full of green murky water, and various balls scattered about. He hadn’t come outside much this summer due to the heat, and the garden was looking a bit neglected. Some tomato plants he had installed near the house in the enthusiasm of May had fallen over, limp on the ground from lack of watering, though he did see one small squashed fruit on one of the stems. He made a face.
John grumbled and turned over without waking, but his breathing evened out. Sherlock slid out of bed and went to the in-room sink, splashing his face with cold water and then scrubbing wet hands through his hair. The room was dark from the closed curtains; John was a long lump in the bed.
for continuing to patiently fix all sorts of mistakes in my drafts. I went and got all fancy with Fiona's accent
John slept very deeply. Sherlock watched over him the entire time; he kept John cradled in his arms, kept the covers tucked around John’s lax body, and watched the expressions shift on his face as he dreamed. He was surprised to find that he was not, for even a moment, bored. From time to time, he brushed his fingers softly through John’s hair or leaned down to kiss him tenderly on his temple. Sometimes this made John snuffle and snuggle deeper into his pillow. Or sometimes it made him sigh a little and press closer to Sherlock, which made Sherlock’s heart feel fancifully as though it was swelling, each time. He even found himself, absurdly, with tears in his eyes when the act of rubbing the backs of his knuckles oh-so-gently against John’s cheek made John smile in his sleep.
“Well, no, not exactly...I’m not sure I am built for monogamy, John.” Sherlock paused, staring into John’s eyes searchingly. “Does that shock you?”
John stumbled out of bed, aiming straight for the refrigerator. He was so parched. He opened it and grabbed for the first thing he saw: a neon yellow plastic bottle that turned out to be full of Gatorade. He gulped half of it down before returning to the bed and nudging at Sherlock.
“Meat substitutes, my friend. The wontons are filled with a delightful mix of chopped walnuts, water chestnuts, and mushrooms. Much nicer than the usual meatballs; no wondering what parts of an animal you’re eating. The ‘pork’ is wheat gluten, and the ‘chicken’ is a combination of soy protein and tapioca starch.”
“I suspected as much. Feel free to close your eyes.” Sherlock laid his hands against the top of John’s head again. “We won’t do nearly as much work on the front. You’ve been through enough tension release, and many people are uncomfortable with having any sort of massage in the thoracic region. That’s a delicate art, as it is primarily composed of organs more than muscle. First I’ll be waking your skin again; just a light touch all over.”
“This was his Berlin phase. He was doing some serious soul-searching, with Brian Eno’s help, actually. Eno did the ambient piece earlier, with Harold Budd.”
The other boy stared at him, then sat down and started eating some of the berries. Oh. Maybe they weren’t poisonous. Johnny tried another.
The days are getting shorter and the air has taken on a chill. Fall is upon us once again. I wish you could see the colours of the leaves out back. I know you always loved the forest.
“They can get back in their car now and be on their way. We are deeply sorry for the trouble they caused you, and they promise not to do it again.”
John nodded slightly. Clearly he was not going to be sharing any time soon. Sherlock held back a sigh and adjusted his hold on the fragile man in his arms.
“Three!” John bent down and gave Sherlock’s cock a long, leisurely pull with lots of tongue, getting a couple of icy drips on his own head for his trouble.
As he counted, he dipped a flannel in the water and gently began to wipe the paint from John’s skin. It was on his face, his neck, his collarbone...it was in his hair, but Sherlock decided to save that for last. Now John’s eyes didn’t leave his; John was staring at him as though to even blink would spell disaster.
, you mean.” Sherlock stepped out of the bed with as much dignity as he could muster and stalked to the bathroom, shutting the door firmly and starting the shower. He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror and had to allow that perhaps John had a bit of leeway to tease when it came down to it.
Sherlock glanced over. Once again, he saw sadness in John’s eyes, but no pity. He wasn’t sure how John managed that, but he was grateful. He leaned his head on John’s shoulder, and John stroked fingers through his hair.
“‘Night Mum, ‘night Da,” he called as he headed out the back door. They were speaking quietly to each other over the kitchen table, heads together.
When they stepped back out on the sidewalk, dusk had fallen. Sherlock linked John’s hand in his elbow and turned to the right. As they strolled, John’s head swivelled as he watched men in shorts and sleeveless vests parade by, with the occasional mullet-headed or crew-cut woman interspersed.
, god, I’m so dirty, I’m filthy, please please please let me feel it—” and then it really devolved into a lot of not-very-understandable mutterings. Sherlock decided there had been plenty of build-up and laid the flat of his tongue directly against John’s pink furl.
“Oh yes, that’s absolutely where we were.” John rolled his eyes. He sipped his tea, thinking. “Okay, you do have one point.”
“Here we are.” Sherlock pulled off at an exit in Novato. A few turns, and he was in the car park of a McDonald’s.
He felt his immoveable sense of duty pushing against the irresistibility of Sherlock’s logic. What this odd, attractive stranger—who appeared in his life unexpectedly, in the role of what was essentially “prostitute”—had said, was rational. He took a deep breath, felt the ache in his shoulder, and told his sense of duty to shove it.
"I don't know if it was a librarian cleaning out archives or something more sinister, but it doesn't matter now."
As John was putting his toiletries in his bag, the fire alarm went off. He glanced up at the flashing emergency light, then over at Sherlock.
I understand that the culture I was raised in and live in doesn’t happen to value the medicinal properties of deer penis, and I also understand that as a meat eater, I am a hypocrite for being squeamish about killing animals for eating. However, I still feel that vivisection is cruelty (vivisection is purported to be useful to aid the medicinal properties, according to my inadvertent research).
“Fantasizing does not mean you want it to happen in real-life, non-consensually. You are not betraying anyone who had it happen to them against their will.”
“Yes it is. You need to know that from the start. He is horrible, fat, absolutely useless, untrustworthy, unreliable, and has had it in for me since the day I was born.”
“That’s no reason not to go slow.” And go slow John did, easing his fingertip in and out once, pushing in just a little further the next time, using such tiny increments that Sherlock snarled in frustration.
--once I became a Companion, I was too busy to be bothered talking to the police, who would’ve ignored me anyway.”
that it was an earthquake, and a bloody scary one, too. Are you people insane? You live out here with this sort of thing? The whole fucking building was moving!”
. I am ashamed and appalled at what already happened. I knew within two days what was going on and it took me
The stag shifted to walk a few steps towards them. His antlers were magnificent and enormous. Moments stretched as they regarded each other through a pane of crack-resistant glass.
“Uh, okay,” Molly said, just as Greg chided “Fawnlock! Be nice!” Fawnlock rolled his eyes and went back to exploring, pulling down on the handle of one of the floor-to-ceiling doors at the back. It opened to a refrigerated room that was empty. He shut that carefully and opened the next, which revealed a sheet draped over something on a table with wheels.
John blushed again. “Yeah. Those. And. Um. That worked pretty well. And then he put some kind of bitey thing on them.”
John raised his head from where he’d been staring at his nearly clear semen. He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, which were more green than blue in this light and had sparkles of gold.
John nodded again and let Sherlock undress them both down to pants and then help him into bed. Sherlock moved the forgotten carryall to the floor, lay down by John’s side, and pulled him into a hug, stroking John’s hair. Sherlock looked out the windows, where lights were just starting to come on in the nearby skyscrapers, shining fuzzily through the fog. He thought about how far out of his depth he was. For the first time in over a year, he thought of Mycroft and wished he could ask his brother what to do. Mycroft had always understood emotional issues so much better than he.
“Thank you, Tim.” John watched as Sherlock slipped a $100 bill to the kid who looked like he was all of 15 years old.
“Oh, sorry, baby,” she crooned and pulled her hand back. “Go find your mum now, there’s a good wee thing.” It trundled off, and she looked up at Johnny, and they chuckled.
“Surely this isn’t customary treatment for one of your clients.” John cursed himself for his conversational misstep. He might as well have said “Do you love me?” He guessed “Let me take you away from all this!” was coming next if he didn’t get hold of himself.
“No harm done. Here, allow me.” Sherlock snagged it with his own chopsticks and brought it to John’s lips. John ate it from the chopsticks while gazing at Sherlock, who coughed a bit and moved his chair back to its original position.
“John. Stand down. We do not need to prove anything to anybody. You need to breathe, and you need to think about something else. Tell me why you hate your sister.”
John almost ran back outside; he could feel how hot his face was. Sherlock joined him on the sidewalk with a rather smug expression.
“Yeah, all right. It’s Alice who told me about him. I told her I was tired of bein’ a virgin, and Alice said go see Johnny Watson, he’s the boy to take care of it. And I said right, he’s a footballer, but he’s never seen a pussy in his life. And she said just you go and try him out.
The onset of adolescent hormones threw Johnny into a spin. The world was abruptly confusing. Social interactions at school became bizarre. He felt bursts of unattributable joy or anger at random times during the day.
Johnny sat up quickly. It was likely just a rabbit or something equally non-threatening, but his dad had taught him not to underestimate wildlife. His fire had died down, and the fog had made things rather dark. He peered into the mist.
John’s eyes had gone wide and dark, staring up into Sherlock’s, which were deep blue in the shadows of the curtained room. He arched his back and moaned as Sherlock pressed in a little deeper, slowly letting the stretch of just one finger take hold where nothing had penetrated in quite some time. He felt Sherlock’s thumb teasing over his ball seam and he closed his eyes tightly and whined, then opened them as Sherlock took his mouth in a thick kiss, thrusting his tongue slowly in and out of John’s mouth.
He spent his days wandering aimlessly in the forest, noting this year’s patterns of disease in trees, watching the social behavior of the animals and the birds, and avoiding Moosecroft. Nothing held his attention; everything in nature was immediately understandable, no mystery, no puzzles. There was a dark time where he huddled inside a hollowed log during an extended storm, not eating for three days. He forgot to drink, too, which led to delirium, which in turn led to a humiliating experience with Moosecroft dragging him out of the log and forcing water into him from a nearby stream.
“Well, with such enthusiasm before me, I think room service,” John responded cheerily, pulling out the menu. He picked up the phone. Sherlock grabbed for it, and John danced away, keeping it out of his reach.
. I don’t want to rule anything out. But you are what I want. I am certain of that. I have never had a relationship before, and I do not want another one. I want you. Do you understand?”
Sherlock climbed back on the bed and simply gathered John into his arms. They sat like that for a long time. Eventually, Sherlock got up and ripped the soiled sheets off the bed. He turned off the lights and helped John to lie down. Then he pulled the duvet over them both, and settled John back against him.
Sherlock was driving the little car very fast through a twisty, hilly highway with a great deal more traffic than John would have anticipated for this time of night. They were very close to the car in front, but then everyone was driving that closely to each other. John tried to push his frustration down and focus on the scenery--what little he could see in the dark, anyway.
“She cleaned out our bank account,” his mother blurted. “Nothing left, no savings, nothing to live on ‘til your Da’s next paycheck.”
“Obviously.” John went back to nibbling his way up Sherlock’s neck, ending with sucking on Sherlock’s earlobe and letting him feel a bit of tooth.
On the back of a postcard with a photo of the gate sign, reading “Army Foundation College Harrogate: Initial Training Group]
Sherlock buried himself against John. He pulled his legs in tight and somehow curled himself up small enough to be held; John could almost imagine Sherlock seeking comfort in a warm lap as a child.
“Luckily, it’s the right sort of tail.” Sherlock leaned in and spoke directly into John’s ear to counteract the wind and the crash of the waves. His lips were hot against cold skin, and John shivered.
“It’ll take more than some rookie with a chokehold to scare me. I would’ve gotten out of it if it weren’t for the damn gun.”
There was another rustle, and a break in the clouds allowed a bit of moonlight to beam down. Johnny saw a figure just behind the tree. It was difficult to see any details in the gloom, but it was definitely something at least two meters tall. Johnny jumped up, grabbing one of the sticks off the fire, waving the glowing ember towards the tree.
that was too fat, too short, and was missing its proper end-crook. Fawnlock shuddered, wondering what kind of accident must have befallen Dreadful Boy. Then Dreadful Boy parted Johnny’s artificial fur to reveal a similarly deformed
“I have one of these inside me?” he asked. His usual condescending tone was absent; his eyes were bright, intent.
“Bollocks!” Sherlock threw on his jeans and a t-shirt, grabbed his room key, and sprinted down the hall to the service elevator. It opened immediately, and he made it downstairs in time to see John come out of the main elevator lobby. John didn’t spot him; first he looked toward the front doors, where the protest was in full swing; then he turned and headed for the back of the hotel. Sherlock followed at a distance.
The woman from the Zen Center came running over to him and grabbed his arm. Tonight she was dressed in jeans and a rather tight black t-shirt. Her shining brown hair was loose around her shoulders, and she wore a necklace with a small double-headed axe on it.
“Oh, very unlikely. Even if we did, we probably wouldn’t feel it here in the car; most of them are very small.”
“I know you didn’t, but then you’d be trying to figure out how to ask about the difference between the looks and the name politely and it’s distracting and a waste of time. Might as well be up-front, right? And you are…?”
Sherlock held up a hand as they neared the other end of the hall. The two agents there were involved in a fierce physical battle with several people whom John assumed were there for Sherlock.
“Yes, I’m very interesting, Sherlock. Glad I can entertain you.” As John ripped open a new tea bag—”Awake” flavor didn’t seem very apropos, so he selected a “Zen” flavor—Sherlock’s words finally sunk in.
The lieutenant overseeing his company never questioned whether it was in Private Watson’s best interests to be pushing himself so hard. The one time John’s situation came to his attention was when he was asked to sign off on Watson’s continued orderly service after six months, and a faint thought went through his head about the Army getting their money’s worth out of the boy. The lieutenant had over 100 souls in his company and had bigger problems than worrying about overachievers who kept their noses clean and did everything that was asked of them.
Things became hazy, and it seemed they sat there for hours, though the sun was still high in the sky when Johnny’s vision cleared for a moment. He felt the deer boy’s arms tighten around him.
The deer boy shifted to a crossed-legs position, laid his hands on his own knees, and closed his eyes, breathing deeply.
When the worst of the paint was off, Sherlock stood up and guided John to scoot up. He resettled behind John, wrapping his arms carefully around John’s torso, not tightly, and not around his arms. John’s breathing was more normal now, so he simply began murmuring in John’s ear:
“As you wish.” And Moriarty smiled his terrifying smile. Mycroft waved a hand and watched the water cloud and then return to a calm reflective surface.
He hadn’t even smiled; he had just gazed at Moriarty with eyes that he had known were shifting colours bewitchingly in the low light of the room.
John obliged by sucking it off, swallowing, and continuing to suck and lick until Sherlock was moaning, his nipple pebbled hard in John’s mouth. He bit and pulled until he could feel it was puffy and then held it in his teeth as before, flicking it with the tip of his tongue as fast as he could.
“I told you, John, you won’t hurt my feelings by asking for what you want, including when you ask me
“Good. I won’t do too many today; the point of this is to care for you, not to bring you more stress. But I think relieving a few of these key spots will help you feel better when we’re done.” Sherlock did the same procedure at two points in John’s lower back: first under his good shoulder, down by his scapula, and then at the base of his neck, right under the occipital bone. There he dug in his fingertips and held, leaning over John’s head.
John dug into the travel satchel slung across his good shoulder and pulled out the reservation information that he’d barely skimmed. He flipped to the accommodations page and found a bullet point list of amenities:
John did something that felt even more intense, and Sherlock was barely aware of a third finger sliding inside at the same time as he was bitterly reminded of the strip of leather keeping him from coming. He must have moved his hands towards his cock because John made a negative sound.
John blinked, and was about to say something—anything—when he realized that the call was disconnected. He gaped at Sherlock.
the British government. He will tell you he is a minor government official. That is, of course, what he needs everyone to believe. Not worth arguing the point with him. He lives for his club, which is a group of stuffy, farty old men whose sole purpose in life is to shush anyone with an original thought and do nothing but read newspapers. There is nothing Mycroft cannot do, and there is nothing he is willing to do for me, ever.”
Then Sherlock knelt and thoroughly washed John’s legs, rubbing them slowly with his palms and fingers, letting John feel as much touch as possible. He soaped up into the crease of John’s inner thighs and down to caress his knobby knees; he stroked warmly around John’s ankles. He lifted each of John’s feet, one at a time, and soothed slowly along the soles, digging his thumbs in, pulling on the toes, slipping his fingers into the between-toe webbing, sliding around the skin again and again. He made sure one foot was thoroughly rinsed, for stability, before lifting the other.
A hand grabbed his. He opened his eyes and in a stark white flash of lightning he saw a creature towering above him, with giant antlers and strange markings. It had hold on his wrist and he couldn’t wrench his hand away. Johnny began to wail, and the creature pulled at him hard enough that he was lifted onto his feet. Thunder boomed nearby and the creature grabbed his pack--his pack!--and began dragging him away. They weren’t a few meters from the tree Johnny had been leaning on when there was another flash of white and a tremendous CRACK and a whiff of ozone. Johnny looked back to see the tree where he had been sitting smoking, breaking into two with a terrifying groan. Johnny's wailing became rhythmic, pulsing with his breath.
John went back to sucking the full length but kept his middle finger pressing behind the balls, rolling the balls as much as he could with with the rest of his hand.
. If somehow you have not yet read this, I highly recommend it as one of the absolute classics of the johnlock fandom.
John thought he could see Sherlock visibly refraining from rolling his eyes and hid a smile in an unpleasant gulp of tea.
When Johnny began staying in a tent on his own, Fawnlock was pleased to find that the youth talked more to himself than he had to his father. Listening to Johnny murmur to himself, night after night, Fawnlock learned various new words like “piss” (“Oh fuck, drank too much water after dinner, gotta take a piss. Goddamn it”) and “shit” (which evidently meant “Ow, I stood up much too fast and hit my head on the pole of my tent”), and he learned the moods that Johnny’s tones of voice indicated. He also became acquainted with deep moans that intrigued and disturbed him in equal measure.
After a long time, John’s breathing evened out as Sherlock slowly slid his fingers through John’s hair. When Sherlock could tell that John had finally fallen asleep, he leaned forward and pressed a light kiss against the top of his head.
John pressed up against Sherlock, relishing their nakedness. They had gone straight to bed after the shower. John began to rub against Sherlock’s long, muscular body, and he had almost aligned their swelling erections, when Sherlock pulled the sheet between them abruptly.
, then pushed that depressing image out of his head. Fawnlock was what, thirty-two? Clearly he was quite intelligent and had been fluent in his own language; he simply needed a bit of ramp-up to become conversant in English. It seemed as though his brain was absorbing new ideas like a sponge.
“Ah, tit for tat, eh? Why did I become a doctor...Okay, if we’re going for bald truths here, it was to get away from my sister. She went to the local college, and the only justification for me not going there as well was if I needed a school with a specialty. I liked biology, so I chose medical school.”
“He’s a medical doctor, he was a client but now he’s not, and he’s both magnificent and fragile, so you can stop terrifying him now, Molly.”
Lewis Hamilton is a Formula One race car driver in the UK. He is the best as of this writing, according to Wikipedia.
“With mine own two hands, my darling.” Sherlock lifted said hands from the wheel, making John huff. He took the wheel again. “And my violin.”
“Would you like room service?” Sherlock reached for the phone, which he had of course retrieved as soon as John wasn’t looking, the night before.
“Never really thought about it before,” John said as a plate was set in front of him and he cheerfully dug into his sandwich. The scent of melting American “cheese” and substandard coffee wafted over Sherlock and was familiar and oddly comforting.
He felt the deer boy’s chin resting on his shoulder. When the next lighting flash came, he glanced over and saw that the exotic green eyes were shut tight, and when the darkness reigned again and the thunder rolled away, he could hear soft snores next to his ear.
“Well? You just gonna sit there, or you gonna have a feel?” Christine’s words would have been intimidating if not coupled with her gentle tone. She reached out, took Johnny’s hand, and placed it firmly on her breast.
The beast man knelt next to Johnny, set down a cluster of wooden pipes on the grass, and reached for Johnny’s leg. This time Johnny didn’t make a murmur of protest. The deer boy’s head was resting on his shoulder as he watched the beast man, unblinking.
John set his middle-of-the-night lunch tray down on the long, laminated table and stretched, reaching his arms high and then bending side-to-side. He didn’t mind the night shift so much. It was a bit quieter, usually, and he could get some studying in. He wouldn’t be taking any serious medical classes for some time—the Army insisted that would-be military doctors go through the equivalent of university first—but it couldn’t hurt to start memorizing anatomy now. He’d heard that it was a shocker course for new medical students, trying to ingest all that information in a very short period of time; the more he studied anatomy now, the easier it would be when he had four or five other medical classes to pass.
“Not at all. I brought him here so that he could meet the person who saved my life, especially since we’re about to leave San Francisco forever.”
A hand dropped onto Fawnlock’s head and he shook it off, irritably. He was sat on a bed of leaves, his arms tight around his legs, chin on his knees, curled into a ball of misery. He gazed through the trees at a tent lit from inside by a flashlight, which was throwing the silhouettes of two young humans. Sounds from the tent rang through the clearing.
. You have one point, which is that I am here in San Francisco and this is sort of a week out of time, an unexpected holiday. Why shouldn’t it be a time of healing? Perhaps I
“Do not keep anything else from me, Sherlock. Not pertaining to our safety. Do you understand?” John’s voice was steady and quiet, but he looked up at Sherlock with a stare that had sent fear into the hearts of his soldiers and Taliban fighters alike.
John brushed his teeth and washed his face before he noticed that there was utter silence in the room beyond. He wandered out, drying his face with a towel, to find Sherlock completely still on the bed, his eyes closed and his mouth shut in a thin line.
The deer boy looked down as Johnny wiggled his wrists, and slowly he unclasped one but kept a firm grip on the other. Johnny sighed.
“Fine, no discussion. Then what would you like to do next?” Sherlock was amused to find that he had absolutely no idea what John would say, and he watched him with interest.
John plopped down on the couch with a sigh as Sherlock took off his bespoke suit jacket and laid it over the desk.
Johnny watched his mother. She was furious; her face was red and her hand crumpled the paper as she held it.
“I’ve heard,” John said with some mumbling, his mouth being full of toes, “that this is an erogenous zone. It is, isn’t it? You liked it in the shower, right?”
I haven’t been to the Zen Center. Interior completely made up from internet research. Bad author, bad!
“We have about two minutes’ lead time before Mycroft’s algorithms spot us in that store on their CCTV,” Sherlock said, jerking the little car into reverse. “You can play with my feet when we get some distance on them.”
Sherlock scrubbed his fingers rigorously through his hair, resulting in John choking on tea so badly that it came out his nose.
person would do.” He grabbed at the phone and did just that. John shrugged and worked on consuming the rest of the sports drink.
“I need more advanced book,” he told the Book Man at the book building the next Saturday, without preamble.
“Just listen, John. Do you hear the tension, the yearning, the sadness? This movement is based on the lament of Mary.” Sherlock noticed John flinch a little at that and filed it away. Lapsed Catholicism? No, he would have seen other clues long before. A general dislike of the topic of crucifixion? Seemed too abstract, given John’s atheism. A little mystery for another time, then.
Their food was delivered. John looked down at his deluxe hamburger. He was quiet so long that Sherlock took a bite of salad just to have something to do.
. It’s as though we were having delightful, raunchy sex, and yet from afar, Mycroft was watching and silently judging. He’s not actually interfering, yet it’s still unnerving and patronizing.” Sherlock’s eyes got wide; he stopped talking, walked over to the sink and started fiddling with the coffee maker.
Sherlock looked away, towards the glass door leading to the street. He felt hurt. It was strange. He had drummed the ability to feel hurt out of himself years ago.
“John. I need you to pay attention.” Sherlock touched his head lightly. “I’m going to begin the tough work now. We won’t go as hard as you probably do in physical therapy, but nonetheless, it’s going to hurt. I’m going to unlock some of the knots I’ve found. The pain should not go over a 6. Will you tell me if it does?”
it’s going to be hot. But you can’t really imagine it until you have to stay in that heat for months on end. The air is hot, the sand is hot, the fucking water is hot.
“Yes, Sherlock, that really bothered me.” He turned around to see Sherlock staring at him with narrowed eyes, as though he was studying an unusual lab animal. He turned back to the coffee maker, pulled a clean mug from the cabinet, and placed it with a decided
just the sex thing. That was just too personal; the only thing he could think of that was worse would be asking Sherlock to wipe his arse after he used the loo. Well, that settled it. There would be no partaking of sexual services, then. He could live with—well, enjoy, even!—the rest of it.
Sherlock guided him, with a barely there hand on his lower back, to one of the sofas. Before John could sit completely, he was rising again as a young woman in a bright yellow dress came over to them. She was smiling in a way that lit up her eyes and immediately pulled Sherlock into a hug, which he inelegantly returned.
For long minutes, Sherlock continued to rub and move muscles all over John’s body, and he began to drift again, floating on the soft low music and the overall tingle of having been touched continuously for longer than he could ever remember.
“Me. Home. You take.” Johnny gestured broadly. The other boy watched his hands and then turned his head back to stare into Johnny’s eyes. It was kind of annoying, how this kid could stare, seemingly without blinking.
“It’s a compliment.” Sherlock indulged himself by brushing John’s hair from his forehead as he finally got John propped back against the pillows.
Instead, he began rapping lightly on Sherlock’s fruit-covered nipple with the bowl of the spoon while he dug into the navel with his tongue. Sherlock moaned softly. He hit the nipple harder and began rubbing the other, already abused nipple with the pad of his free thumb.
He pulsed his tongue against the entrance for a while, letting John get used to the feeling of something touching the outside. Then he used the tip to start probing the smooth folds. He took advantage of the unexpected use of his hands to tickle and tease at John’s balls, allowing his fingers to slip, every now and then, up to caress John’s shaft, which led to aborted arse movements.
, with the light, when a turning Muni bus nearly clipped him and honked loudly. Sherlock saw John startle and hurry across the rest of the intersection at the back of the crossing crowd. The Muni bus completed the turn and hit a cab that was stopped in the left lane. More honking ensued; the cab driver got out and started yelling at the Muni driver, who also got out, along with some of the Muni passengers. One of the passengers drew a handgun and shot into the air. Sherlock saw John stagger up against the side of the Old Navy store, and Sherlock broke into a run. When he reached John, he wrapped an arm around John’s side, holding up his other arm for a cab, which glided to a stop right in front of them on Market. He bundled John into the cab and convinced the driver to take them the mere three blocks by handing him a $100 bill and telling him to keep the change.
John leaned on the concrete wall at Ocean Beach, Sherlock strong and warm behind him with his hands propped next to John’s.
John peered around Sherlock’s shoulder and sure enough, he spotted a glint of light in a window up and across from their room.
Sherlock was watching when John shifted from the last of his REM sleep into the relative peace of a theta wave stage. He saw John’s brain slide slowly into consciousness, easing back into awareness of the world. Sherlock was thrilled; he had never gotten to observe this happening in another human. Eventually, John’s eyes opened, leisurely, and immediately found Sherlock’s.
Lestrade won that argument, but only after he checked out several advanced texts on the effect of hygiene on modern life expectancy, along a medical book with really graphic pictures of such things as the result of an
“Okay, no group. That’s fine.” The librarian spread his hands to look harmless, and Fawnlock stopped moving but stood a few steps back, watching warily.
Sherlock carefully pulled out his fingers, wiped them heedlessly on the sheets, and drizzled the rest of the lube on his cock, trying not to touch himself for fear that he would come before he entered John.
“That’s it, John. So beautiful. So perfect. You are so gorgeous like this, so debauched, so willing. Let me see you. Let your artifice drop away and let me see the real you.”
“That’s only for HIV. And I trust that you have followed your insanely careful safer sex practices the entire time you’ve been a Companion. Were there any mistakes?”
When his brain was fully back online, he looked up at Sherlock. “Wait, you didn’t...do you want me to…?”
“You saw something out of the corner of your eye—a shadow, a glint of light where there shouldn’t have been one, a movement of air that was wrong.”
As John pulled off his clothes, he watched Sherlock fiddle with the thermostat and felt the heat come on. Then Sherlock disappeared into his own little-used room, so John clambered naked onto the bed. Wait. Should he be on top of the duvet, or under the covers? What would Sherlock want? It felt odd being naked on top of the duvet—dirty, somehow—so he squirmed until he was underneath. Then he worried that that looked as though he was ashamed, so he kicked all the bedclothes to the end of the bed.
Fawnlock had memorized the book. He could sing the alphabet song backwards and forwards. The whimsical pictures in the book helped him understand the story, and he was utterly bored by its childishness. But he was too angry to have anything to do with the humans.
He was staring straight ahead, with not even a glance at John. In the flashes of illumination, John saw that his expression was blank.
His brain finally clicked over to the state where instead of being unable to let the thoughts go, he was unable to hang onto more than the start of a thought.
“B-but we do. You’re leaving in two days—one and a half, really. And...and I can’t bear the thought of...of being without you, John. I can’t...I can’t be parted from you. Something will happen, I know it. And I’ll never see you again.” Sherlock’s face began to crumple. Molly scrunched over so that she was pressed against Sherlock’s other side.
As they walked closer, Sherlock saw that there was a larger-than-usual protest crowd blocking the little driveway where hotel guests could leave their cars for the valet.
When he came to the outskirts of the village, he pulled on his human costume again. Walking carefully and swinging his arms as he’d seen humans do, he made his way down the road to the little brick building. He watched some humans push on the door to enter and then did the same.
The male agent sighed almost undetectably. “I assure you, sir, your brother is already well aware and has made his opinion on our performance clear. We are to escort you to your room, if you please.”
John started to protest—this whole tea service thing wasn’t his idea—but Maureen was already on her walkie talkie, and she’d been through enough; it seemed impolite to decline.
Darling readers! We are now caught up with what was prepared. Now we venture, together, into the unknown. Two chapters left. What will happen to our intrepid boys? I have some idea, but they do tend to have minds of their own. I have high hopes of finishing up this week; we'll see if real life lets me.
“We could go several directions at this point. I could order you to lift yourself onto your knees, so that I could have full access to your cock, which would doubtless be full and thick by then. I could begin fingering you. Or I could simply put on a condom and start fucking you.”
you’ve been, I have to go get ready now and try to catch as much of the rest of today’s sessions as I can.”
Johnny turned the leaf, and there was another drawing, but it was impossible to figure out what it was meant to depict. Fawnlock frowned.
John decided to do just that, tentatively waving his arms a bit and then his leg. He felt a little foolish; it was obvious, of course, that he wasn’t attached to anything. But proving it to himself made him feel a little better. Sherlock resumed stroking near the ankle cuff. He began twisting it around, letting the fur brush against John’s skin, making him unable to ignore its presence. John felt his penis incongruously filling out a bit.
Fawnlock nodded. This human wanted to talk to him some more in three days at that building over there, when the sun was above them. He hadn’t given up on Fawnlock. There was still hope.
From now on, International Animal Person speech (which is the same as Deer Person language, as they have been the ruling sect for centuries) will be denoted in
“Don’t worry about that, Molly. I’ve found my Polymnia and I’m following him. Isn’t that what you’ve always told me to do? Isn’t that what you’ve been training me to do for the past year?”
Sherlock lifted back up off of John, leaned down, gave his neck a light bite, and began to fuck him in earnest. John started grunting in time with each thrust. The bed, which was built
She realized she had an opportunity to hold this over his head, but she couldn’t find it in her heart to make someone feel bad for wanting to learn.
“Come on, let’s initiate you into the open expression of sexuality in San Francisco.” Sherlock tugged him up to the counter and bought the thing, chatting easily with a middle-aged woman who looked like a classic librarian—glasses and somewhat frumpy hair, bright arm tattoos notwithstanding—who handed Sherlock a bag (after charging him twenty-five cents extra) and a complimentary packet of lube.
He stood holding the door open, actually groaning in frustration, as she finally exited the cab and ran to catch up.
“What I want you to do is listen to my voice. It’s a lovely voice, isn’t it? Deep, resonant, sultry…”
“That was so good, John. You are trusting me so well. You took that gag so beautifully; it was amazing to see. I am so impressed by you; you are so good at this. Just keep floating, John. Just ride with this. Feel the cuffs grounding you; let the gag free you. Listen to my voice and feel my touch. You are allowed to let go, John. I am watching over you.”
“I have an idea of what might help with your libido. But first I want to try something completely unrelated. Have you ever tried meditation, John?”
Sherlock seemed unaware of his regained consciousness, so he took the time to study the face before him. Verdigris eyes that shone even in the dim night lights reflected from the fog; sharp cheekbones; lush eyebrows; and a strong, masculine nose perched above the most beautiful cupid’s bow lips he’d ever seen on a man—or a woman, for that matter. This face, that he’d never seen before Sunday, seemed somehow familiar now. John thought about how the person in front of him had saved him from nightmares, had held him in bed without pressure or question again and again, had rescued him from two panic attacks in public and helped him through the aftermath without judgement or disgust. Was two days enough time to feel this close to someone? Perhaps; how long did it take to recognize a soulmate? Was this just to be expected of the services of a Companion? Somehow John thought not.
“I have an eidetic memory, John. Living in San Francisco, one is exposed to this sort of information.”
It was a miracle that he was alive to hold John in his arms today. He bent his head and kissed John’s hair, feeling more grateful for surviving than he ever had in his life.
As he rubbed over the large scar on John’s shoulder, stimulating the odd combination of numb patches and overactive nerves that sent confusing, not-quite-pain signals, John realized this was the first person to touch the scar who was not a medical professional. In fact, Sherlock had seen him with his shirt off several times now, and John hadn’t thought twice about exposing his scar. He’d been self-conscious about it up until now, refusing to show Harry when she indelicately demanded to see it, and wearing a shirt when he went to the pool for therapeutic exercise. Why didn’t he mind if Sherlock saw it? He guessed it was because Sherlock was a stranger, someone he didn’t care about; he had nothing to lose if this man found the scar hideous, as he’d never see this guy again after this week. He shrugged a little to himself, and Sherlock immediately ceased the movement of his hands, though he didn’t lift them from John’s skin.
“What are you going to do to me?” Sherlock licked a stripe up John’s cock, which twitched in response, filling out even more. John raised up on his elbows, looking down at Sherlock with inky eyes.
“Yeah, that’s the one. And I had on m’ best pants and a bra that does up in the front. And I went in his tent—”
“It doesn’t have to be something you use with me,” Sherlock said soothingly. “It can be a souvenir you take home. Have you ever tried one?”
. I am sorry for the delay.” Sherlock got up stiffly and, with an incredibly fake smile, proceeded to set up the coffee things.
Fawnlock did not deign to reply, but he watched the rest of the heart dissection with rapt attention. Molly smiled to herself. It was always magical to be present when someone learned something, especially something that changed their worldview.
“Now some naan.” He dipped it in the curry and smeared it over John’s mouth before pushing it in. John let his jaw fall open and Sherlock pressed two fingers onto John’s tongue, keeping him still, making him taste but not chew. John responded by sucking on the fingers, and it was odd to feel the bread inside John’s mouth; intimate and new.
Finally, he attended to John’s beautiful cock and balls. John’s penis was half-erect. Sherlock lovingly washed his perineum and soaped around the testicles, pulling oh-so-slightly. He washed outside the shaft, using an overhand stroke with both palms; then he carefully pulled the foreskin down and soaped underneath, rinsing quickly in case the soap stung. John was very close to fully erect, now, but that was not Sherlock’s goal, so he left John’s penis with a tiny pat, as if to say “Okay, you’re clean now,” and turned to pour out a large measure of shampoo.
Mycroft watched the Contact Pool shimmer into an image of Moriarty and the star-strewn sky behind him.
“Now, this is a little trickier. If you want to go forwards or backwards, you’ll need to use these two buttons, here.” The book man pushed something and the box whirred. He pushed the bit that made the voice come on and opened the book to the first page.
I've been working, off and on, on this story for about six months. I was quite ill and it has helped in my healing process. It means a great deal to me.
Sherlock shrugged on the t-shirt even as he was herding John to an exit. “When we get outside, we need to run. Look for a tiny black car.”
He caught up at the edge of the forest, panting. Fawnlock was standing almost entirely behind a tree, clutching at it.
. All of his limbs were shackled. He was startled to feel his cock jerk once. He felt a little floaty.
Sherlock smiled enigmatically at John, took his hand, and led him to the front door. Inside, it was cool and not as tranquil as John expected; the entrance hall was filled with the sounds of comings and goings, quiet greetings, office work, and low telephone conversations.
“John and I are having survival sex and will be for the rest of the day and night. Keep your goddamn minions away from the door. I don’t give a fuck what they hear, but John has delicate sensibilities. The curtains will remain closed. No one will be getting in or out; your idiots will see to that. There is no need for them to see or hear what is going on inside this room.”
It wasn’t that she had that much else to do. In fact, before he had started invading the lab on a daily basis, she had been bored, reading medical journals and running little experiments of her own. She liked to investigate nature, collecting pond water and cataloguing the creatures that swam in the microscopic view, or putting autumn leaves through the spectrometer.
One evening, Moosecroft caught up with Fawnlock hidden in the trees near a wide stream. Across the stream, a campsite had gone up in flames. Fawnlock was watching the trees catch and burn with fascination. He observed how the wind helped the sparks move, and he was cataloguing how the fire was beginning to create its own wind: a self-sustaining system.
--” John’s protest was cut off as Sherlock sunk to his knees on the grass in front of him. He felt hands expertly unbuttoning and unzipping, and then his flaccid cock was engulfed in wet warmth.
Sherlock did things to his cheeks, his eyebrows, and finally his forehead. John let his eyes close and thought of nothing but the feel of fingertips caressing him. To his alarm, he felt tears prickle and seep from under his eyelids, but Sherlock made no indication that he noticed.
But on his birthday proper, as he lay awake in the night trying not to listen to one of his roommates wanking under a blanket, he thought about how much his life had changed. He didn’t feel seventeen; he felt fifty. It was like a giant blade had fallen from the sky and cut his life in two the day that Harry pulled her magic trick of making all the family money vanish. On one side of the artificial divide: a fairly idyllic childhood, filled with loving parents, dreamy days of books of fantasy and science fiction, and the deep pine smell of his little tent. On the other side of Harry’s theft was adulthood, too soon and utterly unwelcome. His father didn’t make very much at his job in the forest service, nor did his mum pull in much dosh with her new job. Johnny was responsible now for keeping his family afloat. It was a heavy burden: one he shouldered with pride and without complaint, but one which weighed upon him nonetheless.
“There was no reason for it. None. I should’ve been able to…” She trailed off, looking over his shoulder at nothing.
. And I didn’t know nobody did that, right? I never read no books or nothin’ before that. Like, sexy books. And then he moved my legs apart, and he started lickin’ me,
The alarm was still blaring, but the shouting and screaming were blocked by the thick fire door, so it was almost peaceful in comparison.
try to listen. Here, do you want to see this website? It’s very engaging. They already have 200 responses.”
Mycroft's agent's car was parking a slight distance away. John wondered if the woman would stop them from committing a felony or just let them do what they would do.
“I’m going to bring you close to orgasm, over and over, until you are sweaty and desperate and begging me to take you. Then, and only then, I will enter you and mark you as mine, just as you marked me.”
This chapter deals with underage fictional characters having sex. If this bothers you, please skip this chapter.
“Either, I suppose. I didn’t think it was possible to bug Mycroft’s phone, but Mor—” He cleared his throat. “Mor
“That’s awful. Why would someone do that? Why kill yourself in a way that causes trouble for others?”
, even for tourists. We are dry, folks. Bone dry. I don’t take showers any more; I take Navy-style showers with
“I checked out a book for us to work with today. I know this book is for little kids, but I think it’s an okay place to start out. Don’t want to start too hard and get discouraged, right?”
“Not exactly. Arousal does not equal consent. You know that a rape victim can be physically aroused, right?”
“—with you, naked, and fall asleep until the sun is high in the sky, get up and get a very large breakfast, and then we’ll tackle all the tough stuff. Can we do that?”
As they rounded a bend, a stag leapt into the road in front of them. Sherlock slammed on the brakes, and they came to a stop about ten feet from the creature. The deer turned his head and stared at them calmly.
The night Johnny turned fourteen, he asked to be allowed to camp out back, in the woods, alone. His parents agreed readily; he had proven quite able to handle himself in the forest, and they understood a young man’s need for privacy.
John thought about what he’d shared with Sherlock. How Sherlock had been the first person to help him sleep; how Sherlock hadn’t turned away from his nightmares, even when they resulted in accidental violence. He thought how Sherlock had made himself vulnerable to John--possibly the first person Sherlock had ever let in behind the fierce barrier of uncaring that he presented to the world. He remembered how their fantastic sex--the first he’d had in over a year, when he’d all but given up on ever having it again--had turned into intense connection. And then into love.
Eventually Sherlock began stroking John’s hair. John had stopped crying and had resettled his face against Sherlock’s neck but showed no signs of moving, and they sat there for over an hour. The breeze quietly surrounded them with the fragrance of eucalyptus and pine trees.
and my partner R who continue to listen to my whining about this story and give me encouragement and fantastic ideas. Take a look at spudqueen's fancy Old West Mystrade
“I am not keeping you from London, John. The first week or two would be exciting, honeymoon phase, lots of grand sex, and then you would begin to resent me, to pine for your beloved city, and you would begin to wonder why you gave up all you loved for this stranger in your bed, and I would be left alone, and we are back to my broken heart and ashes in the Bay.”
. He knew it was turning into irritability that threatened worse, but there was nothing he could do about that.
John was nicely laid out on the bed, stretched out on his stomach: a pillow under his hips to make his arse that much more accessible; his head comfortably pillowed as well; his arms at his sides. The room temperature was ideal for nudity, and lube and a bottle of water were lying next to his thigh, ready for Sherlock’s use.
They walked for maybe an hour as the sun dipped lower in the sky; the air was filled with an orange glow. The birds’ songs were becoming quieter as they settled themselves in for sleep. Johnny ambled easily behind his new friend, unaware that this journey almost never happened due to a broken leg.
“You’ve decided to use all my services except the sexual. A mistake, if you ask me; I’m quite good. Well, that’s an understatement. Your decision is a bit of a disappointment; but, as promised, you have not hurt my feelings, and I want you to be comfortable. What would you like to do next? A shower, perhaps, or maybe a luxury bath with salts and aromatherapy? Some television with a beer? Perhaps you feel tired from the flight; maybe a foot rub? I could work on that psychosomatic pain in your leg.”
“To start, an autumn vegetable salad and cream of artichoke soup, followed by a grilled Berkshire pork chop with braised pork belly. I’ve paired this with the Côtes du Rhone, the 2008.” Sherlock opened the wine and poured a bit into a glass; he swirled it, smelled it, and tasted it.
“Yeah, it's pretty cool, isn't it, even if it's ruined,” Johnny allowed. “Hey, I bet you can’t read.”
When it came right down to it, all the services Sherlock had suggested were reasonable, if superfluous—it really
Sherlock paused, whenever his mouth began to get dry, to take sips of water. He wanted this to be an extremely wet, slippery experience for John. At one point, he filled his mouth with water and then drizzled it slowly into John’s arse crack, leading to a lot of groaning and cursing.
More screams, but John couldn’t look back to see if another civilian was hit. Sirens were getting close now, and the shots stopped. John’s chest was covering Sherlock’s head, his pelvis covering Sherlock’s back; bone structures positioned to protect Sherlock’s brain and heart. He could feel that his own heartbeat was slow and steady, as it always was in a firefight. Time felt molasses-slow. He could taste the concrete dust and the copper of adrenaline. He smelled the stale urine underneath the planters and Sherlock’s sour sweat. His breathing was deep and even; Sherlock was panting a little, far less than he would expect from someone new to this. He could hear police officers pouring out of their sedans, an ambulance arriving, official helpers asking questions, panicked people yelling answers unnecessarily loudly in their fear. It had been three minutes since the last shot. Sherlock was not asking questions nor demanding that John get off of him.
He gasped as his eyes opened to a darkened room, city lights reflected on the ceiling he was staring at. He was panting; his heart was pounding. For a few moments he could feel the piercing, unbelievable pain of the fresh shoulder wound; then it faded into the exaggerated ache that always came after these nightmares. He curled over on his side and tried to calm his breathing. He pounded his fist into the mattress, once. Not a single night...he couldn’t have even
“Are you sure it’s ok if he works in here? He can be a right pillock, actually, but he’s bright and needs something to occupy his mind.”
He glanced up to see Sherlock gazing at him, his eyes now glittering green in the twilight of the room. Evidently the endearment had wiped the unpleasantness of the tickle-fight away, because he was looking upon John in amazement. John smiled up at him, and Sherlock flopped down beside him.
They made it through the hills and at last the highway stretched out before them, straight and flat.
He soon learned the purpose of the dental dam when he found that Sherlock was able to keep most of John’s cock in his mouth and still reach down with his fantastically long tongue to lick at the seam between John’s balls.
“Biology is a science that any child can study in their own backyard,” the voice said. Fawnlock recognized a few of the words, and he realized the voice was reading out the book. The book man pushed the bit of the box—no, the
“Good thing I didn’t lose our tail then, wasn’t it. Good thing I didn’t go running around trying to ditch our protection.”
“John, you’re having a panic attack. I’m going to get you out of these clothes and get the paint off you. You need to focus on me. You’re here in a hotel room in San Francisco and you’re completely safe.” Sherlock felt as though he was babbling; it was clear that John wasn’t really hearing what he was saying, and he realized he was saying it as much to keep himself calm as to impart any information to John. Swiftly, he pulled John’s t-shirt over his head and dropped it to the tile floor. He had to lift John bodily to stand him up and remove his jeans and pants, then clumsily sit him back on the toilet and crouch to pull off the trainers and socks.
John grabbed his suitcase. He glanced at Sherlock, who nodded, and they both filed obediently out behind the woman. By now, John was dressed, but Sherlock had only managed to pull on some jeans.
“Leave it. It’s ruined now and we don’t know if that’s beer or something less palatable.” Sherlock knew it wasn’t actually ruined, but it was deactivated enough to need some time with rice to dry out, and the point wasn’t to ruin the phone but to leave it behind. John wouldn’t know the difference.
. Why didn’t you fucking tell me, you goddamn berk?” John was furious, but he pulled Sherlock’s other foot to his lap with doctor-gentle hands and began treating it.
He hoped he had been right about saying that Mycroft had not had audio. The St Regis system was, of course, set up with an audio feed so that if a Companion needed to use the emergency phrase or, God forbid, was crying out in panic, help could be sent immediately. Sherlock knew that Mycroft did not really have time to listen to an audio feed and most likely had had Anthea monitoring the video; she was definitely too busy to be listening to what was basically a porno soundtrack.
He had been expecting bald monks in saffron robes chanting in small bundles of righteousness on the floor; stern admonitions for “Quiet!”; chastisement for his lack of faith in Zen, or Buddhism, or God, or whatever it was these people believed in. He looked around the large room. A few people, dressed in ordinary clothing, stood together, holding coffee and chatting in low tones. Through the windows he could see a green, shady garden that had been hidden from the street. Once in a while, one or two people walked through the room in a decidedly unhurried fashion. It could almost be any ordinary office building, although he
John grinned as he shoveled food in. He was eating more than he ever had in his life; his schedule led his body to demand 4000 to 5000 calories to keep up.
“Sex was always something fun; something you just did. I’ve been with women and men—more women than men, for what it’s worth. Never had a serious relationship, never wanted one.
Maybe he himself needed some perspective. He really wasn’t sure what had gone wrong. The scene that afternoon had been spectacularly fulfilling; why couldn’t he sustain it this evening? Why had John taken to it earlier and rejected it now?
“I think you’re ready for the last cuff,” Sherlock said. His voice was deeper than usual, smooth and soft. It was reassuring. John sort of wished he would keep talking. Sherlock reached over for the bag with his absurdly long arm, not leaving his perch under John’s foot, keeping his other hand on John’s ankle. He gently moved the cuffed leg onto the bed and brought the final free limb into his lap. John felt the soft leather under his heel; felt Sherlock’s long fingers stroking against the top of his foot and rubbing briefly into his arch. He groaned with pleasure.
. Useless. I needed knowledge of the body, so I took an anatomy class, which was practically remedial, but the hands-on work with corpses supplemented what I already knew from my own studies. There’s a knack to finding where nerve bundles are, where muscles connect, how to break up adhesive tissue, that cannot be learned from books. Things the fingers have to be trained to do.”
On the second night of the full moon in March, Moosecroft stepped into the sacred clearing and sat by the Contact Pool. He took some time to settle himself, breathing deeply and slowly as he was taught: four counts in, eight counts out. He had not had to think about breathing this way, consciously, in many years; the rhythm was ingrained.
“When we get up there,” he said, once he was sure his voice would sound its normal bass note of confidence, “we shall have to go to a room in the basement of the university library. I have passports, money, and some other things that we will need, hidden at the bottom of an archival box of Native American history. Then we can book a flight out of the miniscule airport to wherever takes our fancy. Well, I
“Yes. Really, John; it’s no big deal. This was a nice one; should ease some of the pressure on the San Andreas a bit. Much better than the stupid twos that no one can feel unless they’re in Daly City. Still can’t understand why anyone built houses out there.” Sherlock went back to tapping at his tablet.
cold water dumped through the towel onto Sherlock, who carefully did not make any movement with his mouth, remembering the delicate material within, and John laughed in surprise and covered Sherlock to protect him, pulling his cock from Sherlock’s mouth by accident and receiving the benefit of the whole bundle of ice, as the towel knot gave way, to the back of his neck in recompense.
“Yes, please.” John moved his cup closer to the edge of the table; Sherlock just put his cup down in front of himself. John poured the contents of two plastic cream containers into his mug and stirred.
Slowly, he sat up and rubbed his face. Usually, at this point, there was no hope of going back to sleep; he would have to pass the rest of the night watching uninspiring wee-hours television and trying to forget the images that kept flashing across his eyes. He could still smell the ghost-scent of his own cauterized flesh.
says that men up to the age of 21 can be vaccinated against HPV; let’s just assume that a San Francisco with legal Companions would provide vaccinations for such workers at any age. (I’m fairly pissed off that I’m not allowed to get one at 50.)
“He said he’s been warning the Americans about this for months and they refused to listen. I believe something happened to his contact here, and he has been dealing with more traditional bureaucratic channels. I expect this debacle will help him make his case for future negotiations, though things will only truly be solved when his contact is reinstated or he develops another. All real governing is done between individuals. The rest is for show.
Sherlock looked as though he was daring John to do...something. To contradict him, or to shower him with platitudes, or to reject him. To tell him he was a bad person, to tell him he was wrong, to tell him this wasn’t going to work.
“Um. You were talking, and I felt your hands...and there was your voice, and...weird, I could feel my
They both sang the chorus lustily when it came around again. John made the two-finger salute as they drove past the lights of what must have been Ukiah.
He saw Halifa sigh because her sigh was so heavy it was audible, but he ignored it; he was using the somewhat self-aggrandizing language deliberately. In an unprecedented event such as this, the fact that he held the seat of the Power was important to emphasize.
“Thank you, though I do not guess. May I work on your leg?” Sherlock helped John turn so that he was leaning back against the arm of the couch, his bare legs stretched onto Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock rubbed some scent-free oil from a small bottle onto his hands and began stroking softly over the skin of the recalcitrant leg. He ran his fingertips up and down the calf and knee, over and over, and then began the massage proper, using just the right pressure—firm, but not painfully so. John watched as skilled fingers carefully probed between the muscles, stimulating the blood flow and releasing the phantom ache.
“I think I’d prefer to hear how it’s done, myself.” John gave Sherlock a smile, the first since he’d encountered the man, and Sherlock looked a bit smug for a moment before he schooled his features back into a pleasant concierge-style expression.
“Don’t be sorry,” Sherlock said softly. “Do you want to talk about this? Or do you want to just move on to other things?”
This past week saw the legalization of same-sex marriage in the U.S. I was able to celebrate it at San Francisco's Pride celebration. Regardless of where you stand on marriage, this is a stepping stone to more acceptance and more rights for all of us.
John had no idea how he would enforce such a threat, but he saw Sherlock’s eyebrows crease with a concern that was incredibly satisfying.
“I’ve been well, Molly.” Sherlock was smiling, half fondly and half indulgently. “I’d like you to meet my partner, Doctor John Watson.”
“I think we might need some help.” He hopped up and retrieved the somewhat damp cock strap they had used earlier. Sherlock caught sight of it and groaned.
I’m so sorry to say this, but we won’t be able to come up to parents day. Your Da has to work on Saturday, he’s taking extra shifts to try to make ends meet. We didn’t get the loan. I’m afraid I don’t have the money for the petrol to make the trip myself. But we’ll be thinking of you that day and every day, you can bet on that, love.
The seawall was well-lit by the streetlamps in the car park. Though it was full night, there were plenty of people about, strolling along the sidewalk or clustered around bonfires. John detected the singular scent of marijuana as one couple strolled behind them, and he smiled into the foggy darkness of the beach.
“We should probably talk about what happened tonight, but maybe that can wait until tomorrow. It’s been a pretty tiring day for both of us.”
“Yeah, I know. It’s the only thing you want to do, right? Feel a calling, want to help, be a service, blah blah blah.” She sighed. “Study hard, and pay attention on shift. Pay
“And you are quite wrong in that I have thought rather a lot about this decision. This is not something I am doing lightly. I have learned all I can learn from being a Companion. San Francisco, while it is a pleasant enough city, is not my home; London is my home. I forsook it for specific reasons, which I shall reverse. It will be good to return. I do not understand this grip you have on me, and I would not let you leave my side until I have dissected and digested this phenomenon to its very atoms and understood it to its bones. No one has ever mattered to me before, and I must know why you are so important. It is imperative that I continue to study you,”
Sherlock moved to the kitchenette, pulled a bottle of smartwater from the refrigerator, and poured it into a large, art deco-style glass.
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand again and opened the door. They ran around the corner and in the small, alley-like street, there it was. In under a minute Sherlock had beeped open the doors and they were inside.
“You do want to try it, right? You know that you’re quite clean; we were very careful about that in the shower, and you know that I am very,
“WHAT?” John sat up quickly and peered at the clock on the table next to him. “Fuck! You were supposed to wake me at eight! What happened?”
“I haven’t had sex or inappropriate needle sticks in fourteen months,” John said. “Well, I hadn’t, anyway, before I had sex with you. I’ve been tested at least three times in that fourteen month period.”
The moment Fawnlock was in the forest, he pulled the carryall from where he’d hidden it behind a big rock and gently laid the one shiny, colorful leaf and the bundle of bound leaves—er, the
Sherlock started laughing as John took off his seat belt and began to climb over the center console, reaching for the music player.
John felt something brush against one of his nipples, then press against it. Then there was a sudden white-hot
“Mycroft won’t have been tapping into the system until this afternoon. He will have tried to access previous footage, but there isn’t any. When security destroys tapes for me, the recordings are irretrievable. I trained them well. So all he’s seen…”
John slammed the door closed and ran to the driver’s side. He took off so quickly that the little car jumped as he pulled it all the way back onto the pavement. He made a U-turn, as the police officer watched with a gaping mouth, and hightailed it back to the freeway entrance.
Sherlock pulled smoothly off the highway onto a side road. He parked by some trees on the edge of the pavement.
this on the test. Okay, so there’s the corpus cavernosum, and the corpus spongiosum, and the urethra.” Johnny was using words that were unfamiliar to Fawnlock, and he was pointing to black squiggles on the picture that were similar to the black squiggles that filled most of the leaves in the strange piles. What did that mean? Fawnlock sat back down to think.
, he thought. Mindful of the last time he went stumbling about in a state, he climbed in and named the first place he could think of:
No offense but I’m glad you didn’t come to parents day. It was just like Bill said, some of the lads lost their balance after seeing their folks.
“You’d better go wash your hands to be entirely safe. You don’t have any cuts, do you? A bit late for me to be asking.”
“Hardware can be used for many things, John.” He led them over to an aisle with big bolts of chains in a display on the wall. A bearded man, dressed entirely in leather, was holding a length of silvery chain out, discussing something seriously with an older woman in a flowered dress.
“Please. I’m begging you. I can’t take this any more. Please—” Even as John was saying this, Sherlock’s palm was pressing firmly against his hardening cock. He’d been bundled into bed fresh out of the shower; Sherlock was touching his bare skin.
John heard Mycroft’s voice break just slightly. He wondered at Sherlock’s characterization of Mycroft as someone who hated him, who wanted nothing to do with him. It seemed clear that Mycroft loved Sherlock as passionately as one brother could love another.
NOW. He got up and walked as unhurriedly as he could around the room, clenching and unclenching his fists. Periodically he growled, trying to release some of the tension.
“John. John! I need you to listen to me. You’re in subdrop. It happens sometimes, it’s perfectly natural, and it makes sense since this was your first time doing a scene. I’m going to take care of it; I’m going to make it better. But first I need you to drink and eat, and to do that, you’re going to have to let me get up. You do not have a choice about this.”
John leaned over and kissed Sherlock’s forehead softly. “I’d like to open you up with my fingers, slowly. And then, if you want me to, I’d like to fuck you, so you can see what it feels like when someone’s not trying to ram their cock in and use you to jack off.
On the sidewalk, it was chilly enough that Sherlock was certain John would regret not bringing a jacket or a jumper, like most tourists.
vetted managed to make it into this hallway. Are you having some confusion as to your directives? Shall I call my brother for clarification of your mission for you?”
“So I wrote to the police as M. Sigerson. Used a post box of a nearby town. And I was right so many times they had to start listening to me. Dropped it all when I hit puberty, though. That’s when my mind started racing; I couldn’t concentrate. I read as many books as I could; performed experiments day and night, ran for hours through the woods near our house. Nothing worked. It was unbearable; I could not stop thinking, observing, processing. Of course I was withdrawn from school. They tried therapists. They could have written
“It’s simple; let me teach you.” Sherlock opened John’s chopsticks for him and shifted his chair closer to John’s.
Sherlock looked straight into John’s eyes. “You’ve been back from the field, either Afghanistan or Iraq, for a little over a year. Between your night terrors and the pain from your injury, you haven’t slept more than three or four hours a night, usually interrupted, in all that time. You are running on fumes, using nerves and adrenaline to power through an ever-increasing sleep deficit and psychic exhaustion, and if you don’t change something, you are very close to a total collapse.
of the languages of the animals of New Forest, England, and some of the tongues of the flora. Fawnlock found that the rhythm of human-speak wasn’t all that different from the speech of his own people, and he picked it up fairly quickly.
“Well, one of them is one of Mycroft’s. We’d lost them at the last exit, but they’ve picked us up again.”
“So he has me take off all m’ clothes, yeah? And then he takes off all his clothes, and we lie down on the floor, kinda like this.” Fiona touched Brandi’s arm briefly, gesturing to their relative positions. “And then he says, ‘Look, Fiona, don’t you let nobody tell you different, it’s not about just shovin’ it in and movin’ it in and out and
“A little firmer work on your legs. I won’t be doing a foot massage; we can do that later tonight if you like.” He went on to knead the muscles, mostly in John’s thighs, and John felt a little more tension drain out of him, though he was very aware of the proximity of Sherlock’s hands to his towel-covered prick.
Sherlock sighed. “In the tub and in the bed. All right? I’m here, and I want to help. You’ve been carrying too heavy a load all by yourself for too long.
“Good, yeah, thanks,” John said. His body was tense, all muscles coiled as though ready to spring from the bed. Sherlock’s bare chest pressed against John’s bare back, the skin warm against his own. The fragrance of Sherlock’s faint cologne replaced the remembered smell of his dream. He laid his hand tentatively on Sherlock’s forearm and took a deep breath.
They walked into the small café, and Sherlock sat in a standard chair so that John could sit on the funky padded bench surrounded by colourful throw pillows. They ordered a meal—John got another malt—and settled back, sipping ice water out of small glasses.
“Sherlock. Stop. What’s going on?” John took the coffee pot out of Sherlock’s hands, set it down, and gripped his forearms. “What did I say? I thought we were past that.”
The server walked away without another word. John grinned at Sherlock, victorious in his excellent meal choices, and went back to dragging his spoon around the table.
Fawnlock knew the word “kiss” from Johnny’s tent activities. He’d seen Johnny “kiss” several girls. But there was something about Johnny kissing Dreadful Boy that hurt Fawnlock’s heart in a new and sharper way.
, oh gods that’s the most disgusting thing I can imagine, Mycroft’s flabby white buttocks moving in—”
“And I’ll not see my only child in the military,” his mother choked out. “I won’t lose you as well.”
The deer boy frowned a bit, but Johnny went back to the cave, grabbed his open and empty bag, and strode out into the forest. He had no idea which direction to go, but the most important direction at the moment was
Sherlock reached down to palm John’s arse, jerking him close again. He reached between them to adjust John’s cock so it was fully upright, pushing against Sherlock’s pubic bone.
“What’s that?” John asked, peering down the block at the overhead signs. “‘Good Vibrations’. What is that, some kind of hippy store?”
Molly watched John as Mark placed something that looked like wine in front of her. Or maybe it was grape juice; it was in an awfully large, ordinary glass, was quite purple, and was producing plenty of perspiration that slid down to soak the tiny bar napkin underneath.
John hummed in agreement, which made Sherlock pedal his legs against the bed. John concentrated on the heavy feeling of Sherlock against his tongue, filling his mouth. It had been so long. His own cock throbbed at the feeling of sucking on something warm and throbbing. He felt alive; he felt aroused. He felt connected to another human being. It was fantastic.
“Sherlock...please...I’m not kidding, I think my heart is going to break, I’m so empty...please, please, please come inside me, I’m so alone…” John began to cry.
“Really? Well, yes...I suppose it is.” Sherlock’s smile was smaller and a bit shy. “That’s not what most people say.”
“It is quite settled, John.” Sherlock crossed the room and crowded up against John. “Quite settled.”
Harry in any way, but her complete lack of shock soothed something in his subconscious, and he began to accept that he had sexual needs and that they didn’t make him a bad person. He realized that his urgent sex drive didn’t have to define who he was in the other areas of his life. When the new school year began, he came out of the shell of misery he’d curled up in, and he tried out for drama and the rugby club and found that he made friends easily with both boys and girls.
"IN THE CAR! NOW!" The agent already had the car at their side. They dove into the backseat, a tangle of bruising limbs, and the door slammed as the car took off. Bullets pinged off the trunk.
Fiona interrupted her story to roll over and take a sip of the soda on her bedside table to build some dramatic tension.
As they reached the outskirts, several people crowded up against them, waving picket signs and flyers in their faces.
Angela’s last name, Rushman, is after Natalie Rushman, Black Widow’s alias when she is working for Tony Stark in
Sherlock grinned in the dark with sudden insight, teasing strands of John’s hair lightly through his fingers.
“So you keep telling me.” John put his hands on his hips and twisted as far as he could in one direction, then in the other, hearing his back pop. “Make us some coffee?”
“Come on, let’s get you back in bed. If you want me to leave you alone, I will. But if you’ll let me, I’d like to hold you for a while.”
Then he straightened his small shoulders, adjusted the straps of his pack, and strode forward to the woods behind the house.
“What, because he’s too lazy to get off his fat ass and do anything about it? Or just because he doesn’t want to see me, and this is a convenient way to keep me far away?”
“On the contrary, Lestrade. With items that matter, I am exceedingly deft,” Fawnlock pronounced, his back to the two as he peered into the chemicals cabinet. Greg rolled his eyes.
(Unfortunately, Google Translate does not translate this language yet, but if you figure out what the language is, there is a translator online)
I didn’t realize just how disgusting living with a bunch of other boys could be. Good job I wasn’t in boarding school! A fellow called Bill Murray bunks next to me, helps keep me sane. His brother was through here a few years ago so he knows the ins n outs. We had meatloaf tonight, but I have no idea what was in it; it surely wasn’t meat. At least there’s always pudding and it’s usually fairly decent.
As they walked down the hall, Sherlock snagged a passing staff member and quietly ordered an expensive Russian vodka and a full tea service to be sent to their room. He opened the door and led John to the couch, then sat next to him, holding him as he shook. A few minutes passed before a quiet knock came; Sherlock rolled the service tray in himself, poured a half-cup of tea for John, and filled the rest with the liquor.
eager you sound, I do think we can coax a bit more out of you tonight. It’s been months, John. It’s all saved up.”
I’m sending some shortbread biscuits; you’ll have to let me know if they survive as anything more than crumbs.
Hidden by the trees, but near Johnny’s tent, Fawnlock practiced walking. The trainers felt alien upon his feet, and the trousers rubbed uncomfortably in strange places.
I am, after initial posting of chapters 1-11, adding dates to all the chapters so that things are easier to follow (I hope)...which means that this chapter ended up skipping forward and backward a bit because I wrote myself into a corner. Ah well, the excitement of serial posting!
“Okay, I’ll see you here tomorrow. Have a good evening, Fawnlock.” Lestrade turned away reluctantly and started back into the village. There was so much he wanted to ask the boy! But he felt he had pushed him as far as he could for the day. It must have been so alarming for him, to be revealed. In fact, Lestrade felt pretty privileged to have been allowed to touch Fawnlock at all. He grinned to himself as he walked back through the town to the library. This extra-curricular tutoring was getting interesting.
John sighed. “I’d say he needed to face reality, to take steps to treat his condition as legitimately as any physical disability.”
Lestrade sighed. He still wasn’t used to how Fawnlock did this sort of mind-reading, fortune-telling thing he did, but he had been doing it for a month now and had read Lestrade’s own life to him backwards and forwards. Fawnlock said it was entirely from “deduction” and explained several, sometimes embarrassing, deductions with threads on his pants or crumbs in his scarf or other ridiculously small “clues,” and Lestrade had made his peace with it.
John pressed his palm against it, warm, firm, and could feel Sherlock’s pulse pounding beneath the skin, his chest rising and falling quickly with his breath.
John burned his mouth sipping from the too-hot tea when a commotion sounded in the stairway they had just climbed up. Sherlock clapped his hands in delight.
“And the college fund?” He felt awful asking about his own welfare when his family had exploded around him, but he had to know.
feeling good at this point, I might start trying some other things. I might see how some light tapping feels, similar to when I was waking up the skin during the massage. Perhaps some pinching, which when we talk about it now might sound unpleasant or cruel, but when I do it in that context might simply be interesting or actually erotic. In fact, slapping at this stage, on the buttocks or the upper thighs just underneath the buttocks, can be incredibly arousing. We could experiment with that.”
“Ah, that must be what I’m doing.” And John went back to tickling, just a little, on Sherlock’s sides with his fingers.
“Thanks, man.” The boy grinned and did some complicated hand shake/bump maneuver with Sherlock, who mirrored it perfectly, and then left the room. Sherlock rolled the cart in and began to pour the tea. John grabbed a cream puff.
“I think while we talk about this, I’d prefer not to be observed by black ops, or whatever it’s called these days,” he said, and he moved to close the slat curtains over the windows.
Sherlock began to move his fingers in and out of John, slowly. More incoherent howling happened. Sherlock couldn’t wait any longer; he crawled up until his groin was flush with his wrist and started humping in time with his thrusts. He needed to get inside John so badly that he felt like he could taste it; it tasted like copper and coconuts. Some part of him realized this was not logical; the rest of him was focused on the plight of his cock.
“What do you want from me, Sherlock? There’s no reason for me not to go in there. None at all. I’ll prove it to you. Let’s just go back in and get it
When they got back to the hotel, Sherlock went first to his own room to change. He wandered into John’s room, dressed in fresh black trousers and a plum shirt.
“No. Nothing doing. This song...they used to put it on every time we came in the pub. It was funny the first 50 times and then it started to get old.”
“Please get inside as soon as possible, Dr Watson. It’s been lovely speaking with you. I do look forward to meeting you one day soon. I never dared hope for a brother-in-law.”
John was very annoyed that he felt so warm at the praise. He was trying to be angry with Sherlock right now, not fall in love with him all over again.
“I had been, once, to the local Zen Center. I knew of meditation, of course, but never had thought it would be achievable with my neurological makeup. I was lucky; the day I happened to return to the Center, for unrelated reasons, the greeter was a deceptively mousey-seeming practitioner who has the perseverance of a grandmaster chess instructor combined with the discipline of a Dominatrix whip wielder. Molly managed to teach me how to meditate the way a river creates a canyon: through incessant, unrelenting pressure. Of course, she would be appalled to hear it described that way; she would say that she helped me get out of my own way.”
“Maybe we do, but I’m forty years old; don’t think I’ll be doing much more myself. I might as well take care of you.”
“It’s no trouble, John. Would you like me to lie behind you?” Sherlock positioned himself on the bed on his side, curled towards John’s back, not touching.
“Now. In the immediate vicinity, we have…” Sherlock pulled out the larger-than-customary bedside drawer. “Condoms; several kinds of lube—all latex-friendly; gloves; and dental dams. If you’ll give me a minute, I can pop into the next room and get the deluxe toy bag.”
John turned around and looked. Indeed, the woman who had helped them out on the road a couple hours ago was behind them, looking irritated.
He forced himself to do the slow breathing he had just been practicing in his meditation. It was incredibly difficult; his body was urging him to
“John!” Sherlock stuck his hand in John’s pocket, pulled out the phone, dropped it on the ground, and smashed his foot on it.
Sherlock had lasted a year and a half before he had been unceremoniously “excused” from Cambridge and had turned his sights to Parliament, where Mycroft had been busily nosing about. It had taken but a few days before he had uncovered the animosity between Mycroft and Moriarty, though he hadn’t bothered digging deeply enough to find out why the feud existed. (By the time he did find out, it was far too late.) It was obvious what would irritate his brother the most; conveniently, it was also obvious what Moriarty wanted the most. He had slid into a booth next to Moriarty in an elegant restaurant one night, dressed in his most form-fitting black suit, a hair-thin silver chain around his neck, subtle eyeliner and barely there lip gloss adorning his face.
“I should have said something earlier, John. At first, there was no need, because you were a client. And then, there was never a good time.”
Brandi turned on her side, propping her head on her arm, which had the added benefit of keeping her nose out of the fluffy pillow.
He was in the middle of messing up his hair in an attempt to fashion it into sexy bedhead when a baby raccoon ambled into the tent.
. And then we will be on Highway 101, and we will get rid of any other annoying tails, and we will make our way up to Humboldt County.”
He withdrew his fingers, fastidiously wiping them on a paper napkin, and plucked a samosa from a box. He held it up to John, who started to bite into it, but then Sherlock pulled it away. John followed, but Sherlock only allowed the tiniest bite of one corner. John glared at him. So, not entirely in subspace. Sherlock chuckled. He toyed with John, bringing the fried pocket of spicy food close and then pulling it away, over and over, until John gave up and sat back against the sofa, arms crossed. Sherlock put one corner in his teeth and leaned in, holding it up to John’s mouth, who began to nibble at it from Sherlock’s lips. As he ate, Sherlock reached down and casually rubbed John’s cock through the cotton of his briefs. John became agreeable again, and when he finished the samosa, he was kissing Sherlock.
“Fear not, John; you are in good hands.” Sherlock smiled and flexed said hands, then set about pulling a table straight out of a piece of wall.
The unused materials went back into the bag; John left his gloves on and gathered the bloody cotton balls and other detritus and walked across the lot to put it all in a brown trash receptacle, followed by the gloves.
We’ve applied for a loan to help us pay some of the bills. Mrs. Hudson’s been so nice, letting us go late on our rent, but it’s not enough to make ends meet. Maybe the bank can help.
He risked a quick look in the window at the scene. Johnny was sitting on his bed, his back to the wall that had the window in it, and Dreadful Boy was sitting next to him. A little too close, at that. Their arms were touching. Johnny had one of those leaf piles on his lap. Fawnlock looked more closely at the two leaves displayed, and he saw that there was a drawing of a human on one. The human in the drawing had none of the artificial fur coverings that Fawnlock was accustomed to seeing; the pink skin of human faces and hands was extended to cover the entire body in the drawing. The drawing had a strange-looking
Sherlock sighed deeply and, acting as though he had been asked to drink bleach, began to sip at it cautiously.
John looked at Sherlock oddly as he took a bite of his hot dog. What was with this persistent belief that his brother was an asshole? He would have to dig more into that at some point. If things went the way he was starting to hope, he would have his whole life to do the digging.
“I can’t imagine that they are thinking of anyone but themselves in those final moments. Quick, John, the second tower.”
“Ah, that’s the radio button. It turns on radio stations, you know, broadcasts over radio waves?” Lestrade frowned a bit at Fawnlock’s continued incomprehension. Must be the language barrier. Although, the kid did act as though he’d never seen a tape player in his life. Weird.
“You’re awake.” Sherlock’s gaze dropped to meet John’s eyes, and John smiled happily. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked a bit in return; he looked pleased but a bit bewildered.
“Lubricant? When did you get lubricant? Ah, at the chemist! Excellent planning, John. Excellent. Excellent.” His voice dropped from a chuckle to a low rumble of praise as he coated his fingers liberally in the goo, then slid them along John’s crack, slicking the skin.
“It’s brilliant in its minimalism. Glass uses layers and repetition to achieve complexity in a way that no other composer has dared in the modern age.”
Most of all he hated the way she invaded his otherwise beautiful, magical existence. Every night when he went to bed, he made a secret prayer that he could be an only child--without hurting Harry, of course, more like just nullifying her out of existence so that he and his parents could be a happy, calm family unit.
He was still puzzling over the meaning of the hard lumps that opened up to reveal many artificially rectangular leaves. Johnny spent a lot of time staring at them when he was in his room, but they looked utterly boring to Fawnlock. The leaves were all attached to a single “branch”, and they didn’t change colors with the seasons. Fawnlock knew that Johnny wasn’t completely brainless, so he deduced that there was something about these seemingly useless artifacts that he hadn’t figured out yet.
He stayed up all night, alternately sitting on his sleeping bag, wanking, and then lying back with his head out the flap of the tent, gazing at the stars. A fog crept in, making the little clearing ethereal and pretty. The stars disappeared, and he felt his eyes start to grow heavy, when there was a rustling behind a nearby tree.
“We always start in the chest cavity. Heart problems are the leading cause of accidental death. I’m opening his heart right now, if you want to see.”
John retaliated by taking Sherlock’s arse in his hands and grinding up against him, and Sherlock melted into a deep, tongue-caressing kiss. John moved his hands up into Sherlock’s curls and they rolled a bit, rutting against each other, humming into each other’s mouths. Sherlock moved a sock-covered foot to stroke up the inside of one of John’s legs, and John spread his thighs in response, which made Sherlock reach down to feel John through his boxers. He was delighted to find that John was mostly
It wasn’t three years till he saw her, though. He began to notice her around the hospital at night. Usually she was far too busy to look up from her work, but one evening she was hurrying down the hall with a white coat over her uniform, a clipboard in her hand, and he stood up from where he’d been mopping and saluted. She looked over and gave him a wink, never breaking stride.
‘spoon’ the operative word, darling. It’s been about 18 hours, I’d say? Don’t worry, my delectable waif. Daddy Jim will take care of you.” Moriarty had run a possessive hand slowly up Sherlock’s inner thigh from knee to crotch and then had boldly caressed his cock through his jeans under the table, stroking firmly until it came to life.
Fawnlock continues to learn; Lestrade the Librarian also learns something; Johnny is becoming John; and Mycroft solicits help.
“She up and went, Johnny,” his mother confirmed. “Took the car, the telly, the computer, Da’s wallet.”
, arriving exactly one minute after she opened it and not leaving until she forced him out in the evening. He treated her like an assistant, ordering her to hand him things and procure chemicals and demanding that she explain things to him.
“I didn’t ask if you could take it, I asked if it was too much.” The ploughing continued. “Is it over a 3 on a scale of 1 to 10?”
The moment when Moosecroft knows he is ready to communicate through the Contact Pool is when he feels his
“All the more reason to study them, then.” Fawnlock stood up slowly until his legs were steady under him, and then he turned and walked away from Moosecroft. Slowly, but with dignity.
Sherlock slid a keycard into the reader and opened the door to a suite that looked to be larger than John’s entire flat back home. He wandered around the room, admiring the modern design and the pretty view of skyscrapers wrapped in fog, with glimpses of the bay beyond.
He was even less sure about the veracity of his characterization of Mycroft’s sexuality, or lack thereof. Sometimes he was certain that the Ice Man persona that Mycroft cultivated with his political rivals and his staff was indeed the real Mycroft; sometimes, though, he thought he glimpsed something else. Any thought of his brother having actual feelings, particularly sexual ones, made him extremely uncomfortable, and so he simply ignored any hints in that direction.
John smiled a little. It really was easier to allow himself to be vulnerable with a stranger—with this stranger, anyway.
Johnny came awake with his eyes still closed. He felt warm and comfortable, and he nuzzled against his pillow sleepily. His pillow was so soft; it felt furry.
for Phase 2 RAMC-oriented training. When it comes to what would happen during Phase 2 training, I am, unfortunately, totally guessing. If anyone has more accurate knowledge, let me know and I’ll update the story!
“Ha! And modest, too. Well, here. Here is the tape player and this week’s book. Huh, no wonder you didn’t know what a tape player is, or what radio is...looks like we’ll need to do a little cultural education as well, eh? No worries, I can handle that. It’s refreshing to be around a student who actually wants to learn. I think maybe I need to get you a waterproof bag to keep your things in. May I meet you here tomorrow, at noon?”
. Dreadful. Luckily, John made up for it by being fascinating and by giving and having the most interesting orgasms.
“Do you feel this is too much of a chance?” Sherlock sounded like he honestly wanted John’s opinion.
“Sorry.” Sherlock leaned up and kissed near each tender nub instead. Then he lay down on his side next to John and looked over at him, head propped on his elbow. His lips were red and swollen.
Abruptly, Dreadful Boy jumped from the bed, pulling together his artificial fur. He leapt up so quickly that Fawnlock did not have time to react, and for one terrible moment, Fawnlock looked right into Dreadful Boy’s eyes. He was pleased to see that Dreadful Boy looked appropriately terrified.
Sitting up slowly, he saw the deer boy tucked in just behind him, yawning and stretching. It looked like Johnny was stuck here in these woods for another night. He knew he should feel alarmed at the prospect, but he just felt sort of hazy and happy.
The first song was fairly inoffensive: an early jazz recording with the gentle backbeat of a banjo. Somehow, the understated melody, with a simplistic 4/4 time, was precisely the right accompaniment to the quiet, dark drive. Fewer cars were on the road now, and Sherlock was certain he had lost their following car.
Once the table was cleared, John stretched and sighed with satisfaction. “I think I’ll retire now; it’s been a long day.”
John took the phone out of Sherlock’s hands, thankful it was already unlocked. He navigated to the contacts screen and found “Mycroft Holmes”. Shrugging, he just used Sherlock’s phone to make the call. Then he extricated himself from the suddenly clingy and very unhelpful, moaning, limp form of a lover, leaving him writhing in agony on the bed. He had to go into Sherlock’s room to hear himself think.
He put his hands on the curls in front of him, barely able to make out Sherlock’s face in the shadows. Sherlock was using every trick in the book: suction, tiny flicks of the tip of his tongue on the frenulum, and then deep throating. He
Fawnlock didn’t show up for his reading lesson the week after he got the book. He watched from the edge of the village as the book man went into the building and then exited a good while later. He watched the next Saturday and the next, too, and then the book man didn’t come to the building any more.
Eventually, he managed to settle John in the tub with hot water filling it. He stepped into the tub in front of John, heedless of his Farragamos, and bent down to hold John’s face firmly in both hands.
“Far as I know. He’s the one who got me back to base. Kept his hand in the hole in my back the whole fucking drive on that jeep. I was out of my head, hallucinating. They tell me I fought him the whole way.”
This worked exceedingly well to push out disgusting, incest-laden thoughts. Johnny’s comics began to look a bit worn. Johnny’s mum was discreet enough not to say a word about how much more toilet paper Johnny was using up now.
Okay, so that would be a checkmark in the “good” category. He recaptured Sherlock’s length in his hot mouth and set to sucking again, stroking against both his balls now, rolling them carefully, pressing up between them to rub at the very base of Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock was moaning continuously now, writhing but being careful to keep his pelvis still so that John could keep performing his magic.
Sherlock blinked slowly and realized he was breathing shallowly. Stress breathing. He took a slow, deep breath, and tried to let his mind drift clean.
He tried not masturbating for a few days, calling a moratorium on the kind of indecent activity that would lead him to think of his own parents’ body parts whilst abusing himself. That lasted until the day they were required to strip down in the shower after gym; the physical education teacher had decided that the boys were far too smelly after footie practice and could no longer get by with a quick wipe-down.
John pulled off to lick the crown again and poked his tongue carefully into the slit, as much as he could with the condom in the way.
“Follow me,” Sherlock said, and John read it from his lips, there being no way to hear each other. Sherlock began adroitly slithering around shifting feet. John tried to drag his suitcase and follow; after about fifteen seconds, he gave that up as a bad job and abandoned it. His body almost immediately remembered how to low crawl, and he managed to follow Sherlock through the mob.
“I’m learning to read. I’m learning human-speech. I know more than you already.” That was an exaggeration—Moosecroft undoubtedly understood more human-speak than Fawnlock did, but he was fairly sure Moosecroft couldn’t read.
“I know I should be grateful,” she said, as if challenging him to argue. “But it is not as if they are even trying to provide remotely healthy options. I get a better meal eating MREs in the field, for Christ’s sake. This is
“We have a perfectly good kettle right here, I’m going to make us some tea, no need to be calling room service.”
John sighed heavily as he exited the bathroom in a fragrant cloud of steam, wrapped in a thick terrycloth robe. He definitely felt better for having washed his travel day off. The products for the shower were of a quality he didn’t know existed; the scents were subtle and spicy, the feel of the liquids silky and rich, and his skin felt renewed and tingly from the scrub sponge he’d found. He fell upon the couch and put his feet up on the low table in front, noting appreciatively that Sherlock had put a football match on the large screen TV. Sherlock sat down next to him and handed him a pint glass with a head of froth on a rich, very dark stout.
. That is not an exaggeration. Yes, I’m just his little brother, but this is an excellent safety drill for them. If they cannot assemble reasonable security on a moment’s notice
“You want to know about the sexual aspect. You want to know if this is ethical: whether I am comfortable with this job. The sexual services are optional; you will not hurt my feelings if you decide not to indulge in them. It is entirely ethical and, in fact, legal in the city of San Francisco. I am paid well and, as I mentioned, your gratuity was more than generous. I have been a Companion at Saint Regis for a year now; I am extremely good at my job—I daresay the best in the Companion business—and I enjoy it immensely.
Hope your loan comes through! Could you send some ginger beer? They don’t have any on the base. They’ve set the date for parents’ day: September 28. It’s a Saturday. Hope you can come!
“What. What. What did he say? Did he turn you against me? Oh my God, he did...he told you that he’s smarter than me, now you want to be with
course of five tedious days of sitting in dim, overheated rooms populated by bored strangers with halitosis. Or, you can spend this week investing in yourself: resting, refreshing, restoring, and then go back to England with renewed energy, able to take in that hour’s worth of new information in some concentrated reading on the plane, able to make quicker and more accurate diagnoses and able to help far more people than you would working at a tenth of your strength, as you are now, or worse, languishing in a ‘rest facility’ after a complete nervous breakdown. Which makes more sense?!”
“John? John, are you there? I’m sorry to disturb you, but I seem to be having a bit of a medical emergency. ...John?”
“I’m going to put the gag in now, John. You can let it out any time you like. You are completely in charge of this. But while it is in, you have the option of not talking. You don’t have to say anything at all, but you can make as much noise as you like; you can bite down on this as hard as you want. I will do all the talking for both of us. You can trust me to know what you need. If you are okay with this, open your mouth for me.”
McIntyre grinned, shook her head, and headed to the exit with her soda can, filling it again from the flask.
“Exactly. So why can’t you treat yourself with the same compassion you would treat any of your patients?”
“Yeah, I guess you can have that, it's pretty much done for now. I’ll have to get a new one...it’ll take me days to save up.”
Sherlock blinked, his tongue halfway buried inside John. He’d completely forgotten about the plan for fucking. He was abruptly aware of his own throbbing cock, leaking pre-cum all over the sheets. He couldn’t wait any longer. He needed to be inside John
“And I had to help Clara get to her mother’s, and then get her set up in another county, and then listen to Harry pounding on my door, night after night, drunk and screaming and begging me to tell her where they were, until I got a non-molestation order for my own fucking sister, which she of course ignored, which got her locked up.
This is the chapter where Sherlock remembers some bad things that happened to him. It's in the past, it's hinted at, and we don't see exact details, but if this type of thing bothers you, I recommend skipping this chapter. You can leave me a comment or contact me at the email address in my profile and I can send you a version of this chapter without the bad bits.
“So we’ll go on up to Humboldt. I know a lovely little café in Arcata, I think you’ll really enjoy it—”
“Oh, God, John, I’m sorry!” Sherlock paused and reached under John. Upon feeling John’s weeping-wet cock, he took the time to stroke and fondle it for a few moments while John wailed in protest. Finally, he unsnapped the leather strap and John gasped. Sherlock went back to fucking, experimenting with his angle until some eloquent yelling let him know he’d found the prostate.
“There’s nothing to keep you here. The young human let you down, as I knew he would. Come home, and I will provide you with things to keep your mind busy.”
It's hard to describe how much your comments and kudos have touched me. I've been carrying them around in a warm little nest in my heart all day today, pulling them out and treasuring each one and rubbing my cheek against them and cuddling them and just grinning my ass off. Having written this on a couch, alone, often in the dark, with only my beloved cousin to cheer me on from across the continent (thank goth for her!!!), was one thing, but sharing it with all of you and hearing from you has been spectacular. Thank you so much for reading and responding. I hope you continue to enjoy. I am hoping to get the rest of what is already written posted this weekend. Fair warning; the last two chapters are not written! We'll all just have to see what happens together! (I always
This is the chapter where John talks about something bad that happened to his sister’s toddler. It was an accident, it’s in the past, and we don’t see the scene in detail, but if this sort of thing bothers you, I recommend skipping this chapter. You can leave me a comment or contact me at the email address in my profile and I can send you a version of this chapter without the bad bits.
“Go on, it’s only Felix,” Molly said, nudging John. “Funkytown” started playing. John, embarrassingly, found himself squealing.
Fawnlock hated the Dreadful Boy the first time he heard him. Several days before, this vile interloper had begun visiting Johnny
Sherlock looked down and saw that John was completely soft. What had he done wrong? Everything had seemed to be on track.
Lestrade smiled. “‘Book Man.’ Makes sense. I’m called a librarian, Fawnlock. It comes from the Latin
At first, as he walked, he looked up at the sunlight playing hide and seek with the tall trees, listening to the bird song all around, noting how there were no paths and feeling like the first human to ever enter this forest. The summer’s heat was tamed by the shade, and a cool breeze rustled the leaves and fanned his fringe. As he made his way deeper, he was absolutely certain that he was the first human to explore this area, and he felt proud.
He stared down at his feet for a long time. Fawnlock watched from a few yards away, unseen in the shadows.
Sherlock fastened that rope and the second one to the bed frame. John tested the bondage by trying to do a pushup on the bed. He couldn’t get his knees underneath himself. This resulted in a lot of groaning and writhing and grinding against the pillow under his hips.
. That sort of thing is beneath him. And for him to be claiming it now...after all I’ve been through, after some of the things I suffered...after the work I did to get clean, to become a Companion...to learn the path of compassion and mindfulness…”
“How are you going to stop him?” the Addler asked, lounging against a rock in the moonlight, examining her nails.
“It got funnier after a few shots. We used to belt this out, all of us recruits. Managed to get the whole pub singing, one night. Of course, that was the night Murray and I were kicked out.”
“I may have been a bit too...effective,” Sherlock confessed. “I will have to analyze this and assess which variables I left out. No time now.” He helped John to his feet and they began running down the stairs. Within two floors, they joined a flow of people who
Sherlock looked away from John but pushed his head into John’s hands. “He said...he implied that everything that’s gone on since I’ve been here has been...overseen...orchestrated, by him.”
“Don’t tense up. I won’t pull very far; this just eases some of the pressure between the vertebrae. An inverter table is better at working on the whole spine, but this is very good for the neck.” Slowly, he rotated John’s head a little to the right, then the left, then pulled a bit harder straight back. He eased John’s head back onto the table and then repeated the process a few times.
There was a person sitting in front of him, warm and breathing, who was baring herself for him, who wanted to have a sexual encounter with
Sherlock was pulling John to him with one hand while he reached between them with the other and clumsily found John’s erection. It was hot and thick in his hand, and he only stroked twice before John was howling again, his channel squeezing tightly and rhythmically around Sherlock, who began to empty into John in turn.
“Good, John, oh that’s so good. React however you want, let yourself feel, let yourself continue to float. You are safe with me. Feel your cuffs, keeping your limbs anchored to the bed.”
“Yes, hello,” he said a bit breathlessly. Sherlock was in danger of winning the handset with his ridiculously long arms, so John went flat on the floor and crawled into the corner between the underside of the bed and the edge of the bedside table. “We’ll start with the oysters, then have the steak—medium, please—and the duck, and finish with the trio of sorbets and some coffee. As soon as possible, thanks.” He pressed the disconnect button, slid the phone further under the bed, and sat up, smiling innocently. “Problem?”
In fact, this fic has spun out to be rather bigger than I expected in my head, at least 10-15 chapters' worth. Updates will be terribly erratic due to starting 2 classes in the fall along with 3/4-time work (first time I've had to do 2 classes while working).
They stepped onto the marble floor in the cool, large entrance, and John stared up and around for long moments.
“Only in San Francisco, John. Actually, there are several similar restaurants in New York City as well, but this is a quintessential San Francisco dining experience. I take all my clients here.”
, please for the love of god--yes, yes, just like that, oh fuck, no, harder, harder! Oh holy saint Mary yes, fuck me goddamn it...make me yours again…”
But then he remembered the things Sherlock had said while he’d fed him, and he knew that Molly had some good points.
John glanced over at Sherlock, tightening his hands on the steering wheel. Sherlock reached over and laid one large hand over John’s smaller fist.
When he’d stopped cumming, she sucked her way up his shaft and off the tip, collecting all the semen. She waited until he looked up at her, and she swallowed, licking her lips after.
based on me. They tried 20 therapists before they gave up. Waste of time. I spent years trapped in my own mind.
John was stretched out, back against one arm of the couch, his feet solidly in Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock had been rubbing said feet for the duration of the film. John’s socks lay carelessly on the floor by the couch.
Sherlock continued to frown—to pout, really—until John stood up, lifted the t-shirt Sherlock had thrown on, and blew a loud and awfully rude noise onto Sherlock’s flat tummy with wet lips. Sherlock tried to protest, but John added some very tickly nibbling that resulted in Sherlock collapsing on the bed, giggling and pursued by an intent, hungry John.
John shifted to licking the webbing between Sherlock’s toes, which made Sherlock twitch and snicker. John held Sherlock’s ankle steady so there wouldn’t be any accidental kicking.
He felt the barest flick inside and his whole body arched in time with his cock leaping away from his abdomen.
Sherlock grabbed the lube with his free hand and poured more all over his embedded fingers and John’s arse crack, slipping the second finger in further and holding it there.
Once John was in bed, hair washed free of paint, dry and warm and curled tightly around Sherlock, breathing softly in a light sleep, it was Sherlock’s turn to shake.
The bed began to shake, and a soft rumble filled the room. John heard a banging sound and glanced over to see the metal slats of the draw-curtain hitting the windows.
“Here, drink this. Slowly. Sip it.” He helped Sherlock to a sitting position, propped against the bed.
He glanced at what he’d grabbed—watermelon—and looked down at Sherlock’s straining member, foreskin completely retracted, precum drizzling out the tip to make a sticky string. For a moment he mentally flipped through the statistics on acquiring STDs via blow jobs while making a quick visual examination of the penis in front of him, lifting it and viewing the underside, and felt a heady recklessness overcome him. Just as he was about to pour the cold liquid over Sherlock, he was startled to see an unwrapped condom held in front of him.
“I’m having the cuttlefish noodles. Normally, one wouldn’t have a red with seafood, but I happen to like this pairing.” He twirled his fork in his bowl and ate a single noodle. John tucked into the salad and immediately froze after a forkful.
I have no idea if the Helmand province is ever damp. I would imagine not, but I know that there are areas of Afghanistan that are utterly lush; perhaps the river creates fog at night? I am completely stealing the headcanon of John at
John was now as far across the room from Sherlock as he could get, pseudo-casually standing in the corner near the door, holding the glass of ice water with his free hand on the doorknob. Sherlock was sitting on the sofa in a relaxed position, keeping his body language open and non-threatening, his posture as small as his tall and lanky frame would allow.
“Being a drug addict was exhilarating. And then it was mind-numbing. And then it was...bad. And then it was just how I lived. And then I stopped. I don’t think there’s anything in that story you can use to help anyone else, or to understand anyone else. I am in this, as in all other things, unique. Sorry to disappoint.”
This formerly quiet, unassuming piece of flesh that had existed simply as a useful conduit for urine had a personality change and became capricious, demanding, embarrassing. He found that if he didn’t jack off at least three times a day, unexpected erections made his life extremely difficult and undignified.
“A requirement for a Holmes child,” Sherlock said softly, watching John, and resumed the wordless melody.
“I’m not proposing a scene. But I think some very light bondage, just to help you stay still, might be in order. Let me wrap some soft rope around your upper thighs. If you prefer, I don’t even have to attach them to the bed. If I do attach them to the bed, you can easily undo them with your hands, which will be perfectly free. I can even give you scissors. What do you think?”
Sherlock mentally bundled the entire problem of John as the Reluctant Client into a ball and carried it to the Sorting Room in his Mind Palace, shoved it in without looking, and slammed shut the door. He proceeded to match his already rhythmic breathing with the frontal lobe clearing that he had learned was counter-intuitively useful in providing focus for the rest of his non-meditative, waking hours. Slowly he let the flurry of stray thoughts that appeared gently waft to the floor of the palace like so many autumn leaves, packing down to create a rich imagined loam on the spongy floor of his brain.
He had never felt this way about another person, ever. He wanted to protect John, to carve a space inside himself for John and carry him around, safe from the world. He wanted to snarl and claw and, quite frankly, obliterate anyone who would even look askance upon his—what? lover? boyfriend? (ugh!) ...
“Oh, hi, you must be, uh, Fawnlock? Is that what Greg said? You’re here to practice chemistry?” A human woman wearing a white overcoat appeared in front of him; he hadn’t noticed her in his ecstatic scan of this wonderful room of possibilities. Her long, glossy brown hair distracted him for a moment, but he quickly lost interest in that and began to open cabinets, noting the contents and nodding to himself happily.
“But he got a little too full of himself. He got a taste of power and wanted to continue the scene after it was done, without getting your explicit consent, without checking to see how you felt about it.”
When the main dishes came, Sherlock served both their plates. Usually, Sherlock refrained from eating while entertaining clients, but the Lotus Garden, and John, were worth making an exception. He pulled his disposable chopsticks from their paper envelope and broke them apart, scraping them together to remove any splinters.
“Thank you, kind sir,” she said as she grabbed the banister, and John laughed and replied, “No problem at all, I’m sure.”
The man rested furred hands on Johnny’s shin and began to sing softly. Johnny couldn’t understand the words, but he felt as though his chest was filled with warmth, almost as if his heart was glowing, and he sensed that somehow everything was going to be all right. The pain began to ebb in his leg and he watched as the strange angle of his shin straightened, and then there was no pain any more, just his good old leg the way it should be. The man rubbed his hands gently up and down Johnny’s shin a few times and finished his song.
Sherlock rolled said eyes, then closed them with a put-upon expression. John immediately swiped lemon-ginger ice across his lips, which Sherlock licked off. John leaned down to kiss-chase the cold.
John heard a horrible grinding sound, the kind that happens when someone is stripping an engine’s gears to the point of mechanical fatality. Sherlock chuckled, and John moved to get a look at a remarkable, ancient bus entering the lot. It was decorated with crazy painted designs; John squinted, and yes, it also had...
“We leave tomorrow morning, just before dawn. The staff will cause a distraction so that we can escape down the stairs. We’ll just go a couple of flights, in deference to your leg; we can take the freight elevator the rest of the way. Karl will have the car ready for us at the staff entrance. When we leave, we will of course be followed. I am going to take you to Ocean Beach, because you need to see the Pacific from San Francisco before we go.”
“Be assured, we’ve got the real thing now. There are two operatives in the hall that are quite difficult to see, and I suspect we are being guarded by some that even I cannot spot, though I certainly can guess where they are.”
“Yes yes, Mycroft, thanks ever so much, see you soon, take care of the British government, ta ta,” Sherlock said, hanging up the phone and bending back down to suck the waiting cock in front of him.
“Well, throughout human history, food has been closely linked with sexuality. Humans have intertwined feeding with sexuality in many practices, explaining of course why nipples are so sexualized. In fact, I’d say you had some practice yourself with sorbet. If you like, I could show you some of the deeper psychological implications of figs.”
“Who is more likely to understand what is going on here? Me, who has known Mycroft my whole life, and who has admittedly far more intelligence between the two of us? Or you, who has had a twelve-and-a-half minute conversation with an expert manipulator who has more intelligence than even I?”
Mycroft uses the Moon to Contact people and decide upon punishment for Moriarty's transgression. Fawnlock makes a major advance in his cultural acclimation. John and Fawnlock gaze up at the same moon on the same night.
Fawnlock shut his eyes and drew in a few deep, healing breaths. He opened them again and re-evaluated: if both humans had this horrible disfigurement, then perhaps it wasn’t an accident at all; perhaps it was the average human form. With his need to keep himself concealed, he’d never managed to get the correct angle to see Johnny’s
“Nothing wrong with country music.” John turned on the radio and started pushing the scan button. It started from the top of the dial.
John woke with a start. For a half-minute his heart pounded, his breathing was fast, and he was completely alert and looking for the danger. Then he realized that he was inches from Sherlock, whose relaxed face and shut eyelids were golden in the afternoon sun blazing through the large windows. He shut his eyes and waited for the pain of the jolt of adrenaline to squeeze his heart as his system reacted to not using the extra energy.
“Well, that’s good, then. Okay. So we’ll get tested when we get back. Good. Right.” He kissed Sherlock clumsily and forcefully, and Sherlock grinned into it, which ruined it more, and it was an utterly perfect kiss.
He brought them back to the foot of John’s bed as his hummed song came to an end; he tilted John’s head back and leaned down to press a gentle kiss to John’s lips.
He pulled out the compass and studied it. He needed to make the needle point to the N, right? He turned around, holding the compass out in front of him, until the needle wobbled around near the big, fancy N. It was hard to get it to stay on the N, but eventually he found just the right position and held his breath and the needle settled.
“You were very brave out there,” he told her seriously. “Always knew you were made of steel and sterling.”
Sherlock threw the phone across the room, where it hit the wall but did not break. John could see that tears were streaming down Sherlock’s face. He hopped out of the bed and picked up the phone. When he heard Mycroft’s frantic voice, he held it to his ear.
“Well, far be it from me to tell a grown man that he cannot move to London, I suppose.” John smiled at Sherlock, and Sherlock gave him a warm smile back.
Sherlock paused. John was breathing hard; he had almost walked out at “cuffs” and “gag” and Sherlock had rushed to the “not attach” and “not tie” parts very quickly.
Greg had explained, when this arrangement had started, that Fawnlock was self-taught and might be lacking in some general knowledge. Something about his parents being dead and he and his brother being on their own; somehow they had never ended up in school. So she wasn’t completely surprised to find that he didn’t seem to know anything about biology or anatomy; he seemed to have focused entirely on chemistry to the exclusion of all other fields of study.
Harry looked over at where he was attempting to hide his erection under the hem of his shirt, chuckled, kicked the door closed and opened the medicine cabinet.
“‘Golden’ refers to the entrance to the bay itself and is a moniker given in the century before the bridge was designed. The paint colour is ‘International Orange’ and was chosen in part to make it more visible in the fog.”
“Yes, I like it well enough. I’ve never brought a client here. They always want to go to the famous places, like Orphan Andy’s or Moby Dick. Tedious. This is a bit understated for standard tastes.”
“Put some butter into your grits before they cool off.” Sherlock stirred some butter in for John since both of his hands were occupied. “And turn this other sandwich half over, otherwise the bottom piece of bread gets soggy.”
“Yeah, you, Pan, the horriblest host of the forest! I bet you’re not even nice to lost baby otters any more!” Johnny’s breath hitched on a bit of a sob. It was time to take matters into his own hands (if for no other reason than that he wasn’t going to give this boy the satisfaction of seeing him cry).
They scrambled back into their tiny car and pulled out of the lot just as the agents were exiting their black sedan, hollering at the bus people to move out of the way. John looked back to see one agent shake his finger at their car, and he laughed.
“Oh, yes, thank you,” John stammered, reaching for his wallet. (He'd been warned about tipping in America.)
So Johnny wanked. A lot. At first he didn’t have to do anything other than wrap his hand around his turgid shaft, move the foreskin up and down a few times, and bang, success! After a few weeks of masturbation, though, he noticed images creeping into his mind’s eye, unbidden--an accidental glimpse he’d once had of his sister’s firm, pink-tipped breasts when she’d forgotten to lock the bathroom door; the small penis on the statue of David in one of his art books; the sway of a classmate’s ass in the short skirt that got her sent home from school one day. Then his brain became entirely unacceptable, serving up memories of his own father’s dick spied while pissing on camping trips and of his mother’s breasts gently wriggling in a low-cut blouse while she gardened. He drew the line at such visions.
by Kenneth Grahame as an intro to this story, though it is absolutely not required. The haunting quality of Grahame's beautiful scene is unforgettable (unless you are the hapless Mole and Rat).
“Anything that you might need during your stay. I can arrange transportation to local attractions, make dinner reservations, run errands, see to any secretarial chores you may have, wake you if you wish, provide massages, attend to sexual desires, take notes in conference sessions, see to laundry and dry cleaning, and take care of anything else that you can think of that would make your stay more pleasant.” At the end of this pronouncement, Sherlock smiled widely.
Sherlock scoffed, changed their positions so that he was leading, began humming a waltz, and started twirling John around the room. John stared up at Sherlock, astonished. He found himself moving effortlessly, guided by Sherlock’s hands, his feet shifting in time to Sherlock’s quiet tune. He felt almost as though he was floating.
“Some of that was the low blood sugar, but some of it, I think, is being overwhelmed from going from such an altered state back to reality too quickly. I’ll have to work on that transition. That’s on me, and I’m sorry. However, from my point of view, it seemed that overall this was mostly a success in our objectives. When you feel up to talking, I would be very interested in hearing your experience.”
Before Sherlock could explain, though, there was a knock at the door. Sherlock (still in just his pants) opened it to find an unmolested tea service being pushed in by an unmolested staff member. John looked into the hall and saw professional-looking agents, dressed in their obvious black suits with obvious black indoor sunglasses, standing like statues.
“Yes, John, yes. These are the layers we were talking about. I’m going to keep going; you’re going to keep feeling. Just keep floating and let me do my work; keep listening to my voice.”
“Well, I’m glad to hear that, but of course I wouldn’t believe you unless I saw a series of negative drug tests.”
John woke slowly. Faint sounds of city traffic filtered into the room. He kept his eyes shut and stretched luxuriously, feeling both his morning erection and his full bladder competing for his attention. Poor mindless penis; that was never a fair contest. He rolled to the side of the bed, opening his eyes to the soothing view of San Francisco fog wafting past the windows.
Sherlock sighed and began to undress himself. This, he would make seductive. He might not be a Companion any longer, but there was no reason to waste his talent. He licked his lips and was pleased to see John’s eyes snap to his tongue. He caught John’s gaze with his laser-like focus and began to unbutton his outrageous shirt, revealing his chest one tantalizing inch after another. John’s eyes were locked on Sherlock’s fingers. Slowly, smoothly, he pulled the shirt tails out of his trousers; then he slid the shirt off his shoulders, twirling a little in an exaggeratedly feminine move that made John laugh. Grinning, Sherlock flung the shirt over to John’s wardrobe chair.
“You could never be too much for me,” he said nonsensically. “Ugh, this carpet is scratchy as hell.”
your decision to make. I’ve missed the opening remarks! I have ten minutes to get ready and make it down there for the first session. Shit, this is
“Massage oil. Minimizes skin-to-skin friction. I use unscented. Though there are some proven psychological benefits to aromatherapy, I don’t feel it’s necessary in a massage.”
“Yes, John, everyone gets it. No one alive has seen that movie and no one ever orders it because it is the stupidest thing on the menu.”
“S’ok, Johnny,” his dad said quietly while his mother helped his plate with bangers and mash. Johnny noticed that there was a lot more mash than bangers—one sausage, to be exact. His parents had a half-sausage each.
“You’re right, Sherlock. You’re right that I have been focussed on the sexual aspect of your job. It’s not for the reason you think, though. I’m not a prude. And I’m not disgusted, well, not by that, anyway. I am very sorry to hear that you were involved in cocaine, however. Are you still?”
Sherlock moved so that he was sitting at the end of the bed, holding John’s foot in his lap. “Breathe,” he said, but he did not remove the cuff. He stroked John’s leg above the cuff and around where it rested on his ankle. “Let yourself feel these cuffs on you. Let the implications of them sink into you. Remember that they are not attached to anything. You are free to move. In fact, move your limbs around if you need to reassure yourself.”
He was vaguely aware of his leg being lowered. John’s fingers were removed, and he whined, but then they were gloriously replaced by a hot thickness—oh God, it was John himself, beautiful wise and wonderful John, his perfect cock, pushing into him and filling him and making everything
“Dr Watson. I wanted to apologize to you personally. There have been some inexcusable problems that have now been handled. If anything else goes wrong, you or Sherlock are to call me immediately. I am appalled at the performance over the past few hours and I am very, very sorry for the danger in which you have been placed.
Large, warm hands covered his whole face briefly, but before John could panic, fingertips were pulling on his cheek muscles and moving them in circles. He had to fight to heed Sherlock’s direction and not try to sculpt his features back into a non-ridiculous expression.
“Is that what my brother paid for?” Sherlock sneered as soon as they were inside. Wiggins and Angela were gaping at the newcomers.
“I’m so sorry. That’s usually one of the first things I do, when people get here. An earthquake can happen at any time; you need to get into a doorway if you can. If you can’t, find a table or a desk to duck under. If you are inside, stay inside; if you are outside, try to stay away from tall buildings.”
“There we go, much better.” He gave the bound cock a few little pats; Sherlock growled. John saw that Sherlock seemed to be emerging from the state he’d entered as John had restrained him. John wanted to keep him off balance; a diabolical plan bloomed in his mind.
Sherlock was astonished to find the sun high in the sky when he woke. In fact, he was astonished to be
“For what, four more days? And then what, Sherlock? Are you going to come back to London with me and look after me there?”
“Well...I woke up from my nap, and he ordered some food. And then he said he was going to feed me, which I thought was weird, but I decided to play along. And then it was kind of fun, and kind of sexy, but then he started getting really pushy. And he said something about...let’s see. Something about how ‘docile’ I was, and what a good ‘pet’ I was, and how he wanted me to ‘let him into my brain’ or something like that. And I ordered him the fuck out my room and came here.”
to succumb to such things, nonetheless began to squeak. Sherlock’s timing was ruthless and metronomic; he pounded into John with the perfection of a drumbeat.
“That’s not going to do us any good! We don’t know what’s northeast of here! ...Oh, I guess it doesn’t matter, just so long as we find a place to sleep for tonight,” Johnny sighed. He straggled along behind the other boy.
“The scene would use a combination of simulated bondage and sensation play. I would put cuffs on your wrists and ankles but I would
When John was freed from the ropes, he rolled over, off the sodden pillow, and put one arm up over his sweat-drenched forehead. Sherlock kicked the pillow off the bed and clambered up to lie next to John, gathering him into his arms, kissing his damp hair and murmuring:
Sherlock watched as John’s pupils visibly expanded, as quickly as another person’s pupils might contract when exposed to bright sunlight after shadow. Fascinating.
“From a local brewery. It’s called ‘Back in Black’. Advertised as a rebellion against the British IPA.”
“Pulse fast and weak,” he said aloud by habit. He pulled Sherlock’s eyelids gently apart, yanked out his phone, and activated the light. “Pupils normal and reactive. Sherlock! Did you take anything?”
“I’ll get the door, shall I,” Sherlock muttered sarcastically. “Perhaps you’ll want to cover that up.” He gestured vaguely to John’s poor purple cock rising proudly out of his pants.
The Watsons lived on the edge of the New Forest National Park. Johnny often ventured a few meters in to play cars or soldiers in the pine needles and fallen leaves, and Harry went in at night, which led to great screaming rows with his mum. He wasn’t sure what she got up to that made his mum so angry, but he had found broken bottles and cigarette butts in a bit of a clearing once, so he figured that was somehow related.
Mycroft quickly shut down the communication and rubbed his own head ruefully. Well, he had the agreement of three of the principles, so he could go ahead and prepare the ceremony. Tomorrow he would let his lieutenants know; they could make it work on the last night of this Moon. No use waiting any longer.
The music shifted to something electronic and more upbeat. John tapped his fingertips on the wheel. They started to climb into the dark hills.
They had both managed to put on pants by the time there was a commotion outside the room. They heard arguing, and then shouting, and just as the shouting got really angry, Sherlock flung open the door.
“I have the feeling that your reactions are involuntary, at least now, before you’ve experienced this a first time. I would like to try something.” Sherlock was pleased to see John’s pupils instantly expand from their already wide state when he said “I would like to try something”; clearly he had John’s trust, even after the feeding mishap.
The Addler appeared to ignore him, but she knew Moriarty was very, very dangerous, and she resolved to keep all her options open.
Once he was out of sight of his hated brother, he found a berry bush and fell upon it, stuffing berries into his mouth, well aware that he had let himself get into a state where he almost hadn’t been able to refuse the order to return home.
Sherlock realized he’d pushed a little too far as he felt the penis in his hand wilt just slightly, and he stroked more firmly to try to make up for it and went back to kissing John as intently as he knew how. John’s cock twitched and filled a little more, and John started to make desperate noises, when—there was a knock on the door.
“It was a perfectly reasonable reaction, John. Nothing to be embarrassed about,” drifted in from the next room.
“I’m not averse to sex, per se. I’ve had quite a lot of it, actually. They used to call me ‘Three Continents Watson’ in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.”
“Headlights have a unique signature. The distance between them, the shape of the cover, the diameter of the lamp--”
“Molly. It was amazing. I thought it was going to be all, tie me up and beat me, which I couldn’t have allowed and would have hated. But he...he came up with this idea...he put on cuffs, you see, but didn’t attach them to anything. He…” John felt himself flush, but forced himself to keep talking; maybe it would help him get some perspective.
“Just raising the table,” Sherlock warned as the table indeed lifted under him. “You won’t be too high, but it needs to be at an ergonomic level for me. I’m going to touch you now, John. Very lightly, just on your exposed skin, just to wake it up and acclimate you a bit.” Sherlock began doing that, laying large, warm hands on John’s back and stroking slowly, without pressure, all over his back until it was coated with a thin layer of oil. He carefully pulled John’s left arm up onto the table.
John realized he didn’t like hearing this. He hadn’t had any time to process what had happened this afternoon, and as Molly was saying this, part of him rebelled. He totally wanted to do all that again! He’d never felt anything like it...he’d never felt as close to anyone as he’d felt to Sherlock. He’d never felt so
John began wrapping a long bandage around and around Sherlock’s foot, having decided there were too many nicks and cuts to make individual plasters feasible. “That’s not all you saw.”
Sherlock was breathing deeply, slowly, using a meditation rhythm even though he hadn’t intended to head for that mental space yet. The breathing stopped the shaking, which was simply adrenaline at having to care for someone in a panic attack, a new and unrehearsed Companion requirement.
“So I has to come out and say it, right? So I’m like ‘Yeah, well, Johnny, I wantcha to do it with me, Alice says you’re real good with first-timers.’ And he kinda smiles, like kinda almost sad, and he says ‘Yeah, we can do that if you’re sure, but it’s just th’ one time, see? It’s not gonna lead t'anything. I’ll show you how but then you gotta go find someone else to fall in love with.’ But, like, Alice warned me beforehand, that’s what Johnny does; he shows girls how to do it and then talks ‘em through findin’ a proper boyfriend, right? So I was ready for that.”
John thought about how Mycroft described what could happen and decided: no way would he “spit it out.”
“He used to be way in the back on the third floor, but they recently moved him here to the entrance under pressure from city leaders. A committee was formed to decorate the niche. It’s freshened every week. But let me take you upstairs, to the 80s wing...it’s heartbreaking, you can’t imagine, so many young men…” Sherlock turned to see John walking out the front entrance.
John switched to nibbling thoughtfully on Sherlock’s little toe. Nothing ouchy, just little tiny bites.
He hadn’t let on, but he’d been astonished to see the time that had elapsed when the massage was finished. Giving massages was a necessary evil. They were expected of Companions, even though the hotel retained a perfectly good massage therapy staff (well, nowhere near as good as Sherlock, of course, but that was to be expected). Massages were tedious and tiring. All bodies were essentially the same; the minor variations in configuration or strength of vocal reaction were not enough to hold his interest.
And then John pulled away. Sherlock saw him wipe his mouth with the back of his hand—his lower face was covered in drool—and he was panting, which made Sherlock feel better; he wasn’t the only one affected.
Apologies to Yeats’ “The Second Coming” and Thomas’ “Do not go gentle into that good night”, whose words were twisted for Sherlock’s snark.
“John,” Sherlock said quietly. “You are in San Francisco, at the Saint Regis hotel. You are with me, Sherlock. You are safe. You are tangled in the sheets. Take a few breaths and let me help you get untangled.”
A limo had been awaiting John at San Francisco Airport’s International Terminal; he was the car’s only occupant, and he’d partaken of the 25-year-old Glenlivet in the back with some measure of guilt, thinking of his colleagues toiling away back at the NHS clinic. After a quiet ride through busy city streets where he glimpsed views of the Bay Bridge and the famous pyramidal TransAmerica building, he found himself deposited in an elegant lobby furnished with black and silver. This was all enjoyable, and along with the first-class Virgin Atlantic ticket, absolutely out of his experience, but not terribly surprising. The gentleman leading him into the elevator, however,
Sherlock leaned in for a kiss and John reared back. “Morning breath!” he mumbled, holding his hand against his mouth.
He was brought back down to his body for a moment as teeth bit into his other nipple, and he welcomed them, screamed his happiness into the cock gag, because he knew what was coming—and there, there it was, that burst, that incredible feeling. He loved Sherlock, so very, very much. How did he live without this incredible creature? He focused on the beautiful sounds coming from the angel underneath, nearly wept when he felt those long, sublime fingers stroking his purpled, throbbing cock far below, marvelled when cum spurted over his chest and onto his own chin. He knew that should have been the climax, as it were, the pinnacle of this experience, but it was a minor joy in the panoply of this paradise of whatever state he was in. He watched as tears streamed from his eyes, feeling fond of the fragile body he inhabited so much of the time. He saw Sherlock remove the nipple clamps—ouch! that really hurt, almost killed his buzz!—and lie down next to him, pressing his body all along John’s, stroking him and murmuring to him, that voice never stopping, a lifeline, gently removing the wrist cuffs, entangling his leather-bound legs with John’s, tenderly rubbing the blood back into his abused nipples, holding him close.
, if I needed to, see, I could just let it fall out and tell him off if I needed to. Hell, I could get up and walk out the room—well, put on some trousers and walk out the room—any time I wanted. But Molly.
s continued, some hitting the top of the road barrier, some hitting the sidewalk, coming closer to them. They reached the planters and John crawled on top of Sherlock, shielding his body with his own.
“If you wished, you could grab hold of the headboard and spread your legs as though you were tied, but it would not be required. I would, of course, not blindfold you; we’ve already established that that is not an option. You could close your eyes if you liked and then open them at any time. If you were enjoying the cuffs, I could tie some scarves loosely around your upper thighs for more of the ersatz bondage.
John rocked Sherlock a little on the sofa as they clung together. The sunlight snuck fingers in-between the slats over the windows when the fog left gaps, making the light in the room as uncertain as their future.
“Molly told me once that in college, she and her flatmates tried to use this as background music for a dinner party. They were very serious about it--set up special scented candles, selected a pretentiously vegan menu, made sure that no one spoke throughout the meal.”
