you instead of with you, and I royally screwed us up, but Tony-”
Sam nods, cracking a half-smile. “Yeah, I remember,” he says, his voice barely above a whisper.
When he opens his eyes, he’s standing in the middle of his English class, and everyone is staring at him as though he’d gone mad. Ms. Hill walks over to him, her mouth thin with concern.
Tony shrugs. “Nope. But that doesn’t mean that I
“Oh, was it that handsome guy from this morning, Appa?” Maushmi asks, excitedly.
“Yeah?” Steve says, his voice rough.
“Europe, mainly,” James explains. “There’s a lot of area to cover there, and the borders aren’t exactly airtight either. I was in France for a little while, then, Germany, and Italy, Denmark, Sweden, Iceland, Greece, Russia. I finally ended up in Bucharest, when they made a move.”
Steve smiles, half-heartedly, the gesture making Tony shift uncomfortably.
Tony shrugs. “There are worse things to be, and we’re in love. Besides, I think you need to stop thinking these things in binary terms.”
Word Count: 4300
His lungs begin to burn, and his cowardice wins out again.
Steve frowns, peeking up from the menu. “Mind what?”
not a murderer,” Tony retorts, his body heavy like a graveyard. “I’m not the awful person that
Tony’s throat flexes around the lump that forms there. “Thank you,” he says, roughly, full of emotion. “You’ll never know how grateful I am.”
Steve pushes forward the throttle, and the mine car moves through the tunnel, picking up speed. As the Nazis raise their guns to fire, Tony opens up his gun, peppering the area with lead. As the mine car is about to disappear into the tunnel, Steve’s hand falls to the back of Tony’s head, and he finds his head being shoved down, just as the car flies through the tunnel, strands of his hair scraping against the ceiling.
Tony and Steve nod.
James makes a disgusted noise at the back of his throat. “It was my fault,” he grumbles. “I wasn’t paying as good attention as I should have been.”
“Yeah, uh, Steve thinks that a friend bought it for me. Sometimes, the kids play with it,” Tony says, his hands fluttering in the air awkwardly.
“I left because it was the only way to protect you; you don’t think HYDRA realised that someone was helping me out in Boston?” James asks, incredulously. “You think they thought I was capable of hacking that water plant the way
, let’s go and have a chat.”
Obadiah turns to Tony, unable to comprehend what he’s exactly seeing.
Tony stops fidgeting when Obadiah sends him a dark look out of the corner of his eye.
The heat from the glare that Steve sends his way could strip bark off a tree.
Steve looks at him out of the corner of his eye, before darting back to the road. “How you holding up?”
She tosses her hair away from her face, her hair sunlit red, and then, Tony’s eyes are drawn to the pale, lean line of her throat, a familiar gold necklace wrapped around her neck. It’s the same dark tone that Indian gold has and looks so similar to the one that Steve had given him for his birthday, and the air is rushing out of his lungs.
“I woke up, and I heard voices,” Peter says, simply. He stretches out his hands for Tony to pick him up.
Tony nods, solemnly. “I’ve been dying for some good, old fried potatoes.”
Tony blinks at him. “I’m sure we could sneak into the bathroom and fuck in there.”
“Is this smart?” Tony voices the question out loud. “Having sex so quickly after everything that happened between us?”
“The fuck,” Tony says.
“Hi, babies! How was school?”
He falls silent.
“Tony,” Steve begins, his voice ice-cold.
Steve’s smile grows teeth. “Did you pick me? Or were you outvoted?”
Tony is full of nausea and confusion, staring up at him with eyes big and round as the moon.
He can hear Steve’s voice echoing upwards, the closer that he’s pulled towards it.
Tony kisses him, his fingers on Steve’s smooth, high-boned cheek, before he presses his forehead against Steve’s.
Tony climbs out of the bushes, only to find Natasha cornered in the middle of the streets by a number of police in plain clothes, one of whom had been the guy that Tony had observed reading his newspaper.
“Then, he has to deal with the consequences,” Wanda replies, easily.
work out.
“Itchy,” Toni replies, conspiratorially, stretching her arms out so that he can climb into her lap.
Steve’s face sets in resolve and he nods. “I will kiss you then, and before you ask, it is because I want to kiss you. I have… I have thought about kissing you a lot.”
Tony wonders how many years she’s obsessed over this, obsessed over blaming Howard for this, for bringing this man into their lives, for not doing the things that needed to be done so to prevent this man from getting his hooks into them.
take it slow, remember? We let James go and see his therapist, deal with the conditioning and the brainwashing and so, he could get his memories back in a safe space, without having to worry about we think or what we’d say. James, what do you think?”
When the show is done, Tony waits in the crowd wanting to meet the bright and shining Captain America. He peeks through the throngs of people just in time for a camera to snap a photo of Steve holding a crying baby. And then, the baby is pulled from his arms and replaced with another baby.
Tony stares up at him through the dip of his lashes. “You followed me out here, didn’t you?” he retorts.
He touches Tony constantly, a hand on his thigh, on the small of his back; sometimes, he runs his hand through his hair, and when he’s feeling particularly brave and untouchable, he runs his thumb over Tony’s lip.
Jarvis raps on the door.
Tony rubs the back of his neck, awkwardly. “My father thought you might need my assistance,” he offers.
Tony presses his lips to Steve’s cheek, and when he pulls back, he memorises Steve’s face like this, memorises each and every moment in the last seventy-two hours that led up to this one, the one that has left him more satisfied, content, fuller in heart and mind than he’s ever felt in his entire life.
Tony frowns. “See what?”
Tears sting at the backs of his eyes, much to Tony’s shame. “But why?” he demands, hoping he doesn’t sound petulant.
Steve straightened, as though he was about to go charging into war. “We want to adopt Peter, formally, legally. We want him to be our son; we want both of you to be ours, not just you, Toni. We would never dream of doing something like marrying you without wanting your son to be a part of our family too. He’s not, and I really should stop calling him
Tony lifts his eyebrow.
“Great,” Tony mutters. “Now, we’re stuck here.”
way to look at it,” Tony replies, coldly.
He’d forgotten that this day was fast approaching, that it was coming up.
“There we go,” Steve urges.
Tony is helping Peter and Maushmi do their homework, when JARVIS alerts him to a new presence on the grounds.
Steve slings an arm around her waist from behind, as they walk over to the elevator to take them to the second floor where the bedroom sits. He presses his lips to the bare curve of her shoulder where one half of the shirt sits loose.
“Like he’s not worth respect. He’s not a goddamn gerbil. He’s a human being, and he’s worthy of your respect irrespective of his physical capabilities.”
He can smell charred meat, and he realises that it’s the whole left side of his body.
Rating: Explicit
“She’s not dead, champ,” Steve replies, smoothing his hand over Peter’s head. “She’s just not feeling well, so she’s in hospital.”
Natasha remains silent, which means he has confirmation of all of his accusations.
“No,” Tony chokes out.
The kids are comfortable in their beds, their eyes closed, breathing normally, steady, and it fills up all the hollow, throbbing, empty spaces in his body, in his chest cavity and his gut and his ribs, and he’s on his knees, crawling forward, so that he can stretch himself out in a long line across the soft carpet.
The Nazis react, turning to him, and that’s when they realize that he’s got a bazooka propped upon his shoulder.
“What? Why?”
“Won’t you, won’t you love that baby more than you love me?” Peter asks, blinking up at him, and there’s a sheen to his eyes.
with you?” he demands. “I just admitted to not only
“You and your friend have to disappear,” Rhodey urges. “
to think, because the rightful alternative is to blame themselves for their incompetence and their reckless behaviour and their selfishness.
Steve nods, carefully, each movement so precise.
Tony bares his teeth in offence. “Excuse me?” he asks, his voice inching into coldness.
“Here!”
“You’re a beta. Being an omega is very different. It means understanding that in matters of chastity, fidelity, basically anything that an omega does with that place between their legs, is always doubted. We are incapable of telling the truth. If I had told you what Grant was doing to me, what would you have done?”
Steve just stares at him for a moment, a pale, thin shadow after Tony’s let loose all of his nausea and rage, and it’s as if all the thoughts in his head have ground to a halt and he doesn’t know what else to say.
He reaches down, threading their fingers together and raising them to press against his arc reactor (Steve, Pepper and Rhodey are the only ones who have tried and succeeded, because he knew, in his bones, that they would never hurt him the way that Stane hurt him).
“He’s cheating on me,” Tony says, suddenly, before he even realises what he’s saying.
“He goes on conferences, and we haven’t had sex in ages, Wanda. So, I don’t… so, yeah, he’s cheating on me with this redhead,” Tony finishes.
Tony’s mouth grows dry to hear it.
“I’m glad,” James tells him, his voice brittle.
“I’m gonna put this on the fridge,” Tony declares and swipes the pieces of paper from James’ hand, sauntering over to the fridge and finding spare magnets to keep the pages up. “There we go,” he says, approvingly, as he steps away.
on the other hand, blame him for serial killing his way through Asia).
“Even the slightest attention from you means so much more than what Tony does because they know, when the chips are down, Tony is there. You are… to them, unfortunately, a flight risk, so they take as much from you as they possibly can while you’re there.” She turns back to Tony. “That doesn’t mean that they love you any less. It just means that you’re stable and
“You don’t have to be fine, if you don’t want to be,” Tony murmurs. “You don’t have to be anything you don’t want to be. I just… I love you, I hope you know how much I love you.”
Not much anymore.
“I told you, I
He pops it open, and the sound goes straight to Tony’s cock, as he lets his head tip back. Steve drizzles a decent amount of lube onto his fingers, which he presses between Tony’s thighs, past his perineum, at the furled rim underneath. He pushes insistently, until he feels the muscles flex and part for him.
. Krishna lived in the
His fingers clench and unclench around hair, as if imagining Steve’s throat between them.
“Tony,” Steve says, quietly.
“Contrary to popular belief, I do know what fatherly responsibilities entail,” Howard drawls. He pauses. “How are you feeling?”
“You don’t have to be.”
“Tony, you grew up in the city too,” Steve complains.
Tony stares at him. “So, what did you dream about?”
“There is someone at the door.”
“It’s hard to tell with the normal skin,” Steve points out.
Peter sends her a fearsome glower. “I know
“We… she was helping me pick out your birthday gift.”
“Oh, God, Tony,” Steve gasps, making a soft, desperate noise at the back of his throat. “Tony, you feel so… you feel so good,
Steve groans, and it’s as though there’s a floodgate breaking, because Steve melts into the kiss, and then, in a move that surprises Tony, crowds him back against the front of the house.
“He came to pick the kids up?”
“Of course,” Ms Lewis says, softly. “No one knows your children better than you do, and anything that can help me understand them better is good.”
“So, then, why don’t you believe us when we say that we think you’re the most beautiful person we know, both in body and in mind?” James coaxes, his eyes implacable as a glacier.
over,” Stone protests.
“I’m coming. Just… wait, I’m near the Hayden Planetarium. I’ll meet you at Prospect Park. Can you get there?”
Maybe he is getting too old for this.
“Doesn’t it bother you?”
“He’s also a rapist,” Tony replies, coldly.
Their scents are mingled in the air, thick, cloying, strong, and Tony sits up, pulling him close, kissing him hard.
“Of course,” Wanda says, almost immediately.
Tony sends him a scathing look. “Oh, yeah, because homewreckers usually stop at
There’s a large clamour downstairs, and then, Tony and James hear, “we’re home!”
“Pull him… out,” Steve says, carefully.
“Are you in love with him?” Tony asks, curiously, his hands dropping to his sides, unguarded but still somehow protective, paranoid.
Obadiah brings his hand up, and when it comes down, Tony swings with the machete in his hand, slicing Obadiah’s arm at the elbow. The half-limb hits the ground and rolls across, the knives making that high-pitched, sharp sound that metal makes.
“I am,” Tony promises.
“Well, that depends on how reasonable we’re all willing to be. I want Rogers, and I want the gem, and I want safe transport to England.”
Steve’s grin flashes at him, bright as sunlight. “Only if you’re sure.”
“Hi,” she says, smiling shyly.
“Of course I remember,” Steve snaps.
Steve doesn’t relax his grip even slightly.
“Should we head to my hotel?” he offers.
He decides on the latter.
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “To be fair, Steve,” he drawls, “I could be out all day and you wouldn’t notice, because with the exception of today, you don’t come home until midnight.”
So, this is the chapter that deals with the referenced child sexual abuse, so fair warning.
Steve doesn’t hesitate; he slides the knife across his throat, from ear to ear, slicing him open, so that blood gushes out, drenches his front. He digs the knife deeper until he’s cutting through the brainstem. Stone chokes, blood dribbling from his open throat and his mouth, out of the corners. Steve watches him with interest, watches him struggle to breathe, to keep the blood still in his body, and smiles when he fails.
“Do as I say!”
“Do you trust that we’d be able to pull it off?” Steve clarifies. “Tony, I… I know you, and I love you, and I trust you. If you tell me that we can do this, that it’ll work, then, I’ll back your play.”
Bucky sniffs, haughtily. “Well, that’s one thing that you learned in seventy years. I’m guessing Stark had something to do with it.”
The woman’s face falters just the slightest, which makes Tony feel like a dick, and then, it brightens all over again. “Caroline, remember? Your twins and my Bill are in the same class?”
“So, is that what we are now?” Steve asks, miserably, running his hand over his face, the one not covered in lube. “A sexless couple?”
“Dinner with your kids?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Of course I did,” he says, scathingly. “What was the other option, exactly? Have you tell me to my face that it was
“Oh, for fuck’s sake. It’s not like I’m asking you to take your clothes off!” James retorts.
“No, not yet,” Tony finds himself saying, his voice breathless and pained.
He faces Steve then, breathing hard, breathing heavy, and Steve is staring up at him, like this is the first time that he’s seeing him, seeing how hard this has been for him, how much this has destroyed him, made he reconsider reality itself.
No, he started off like a normal kid, if sickly; he got sick constantly, was in his bed for a lot of the summer, while the kids in his neighbourhood played, screaming and screeching, loud enough that Steve could hear it from their modest one-bedroom apartment.
How could there possibly be something untoward about the way Grant acts towards him?
Tony blinks, and then, there’s no blood.
for SHIELD?” Tony asks, bewildered, his voice breaking messily. “You… you’re
me for being able to get the kids up and to school, how apparently I don’t have to work, so it must be so much easier, how it must be so hard for me because I’m a man. You know, the usual shit that these rich housewives have to keep biting at each other to make themselves feel better about their shitty lives,” Toni says, waving his hand dismissively.
“That’s my boy,” Steve says, fondly, and it fills Tony with such a sudden rush of pleasure and satisfaction that he feels the goosebumps rise across his bare skin. “Now, why don’t you get on your knees for me?”
,” Steve insists. “And to be fair, Tony, you never came out and told me that you had a problem with how often or how much we were having sex. You could’ve said that to me, you know? You could’ve forced me to listen, told me how you were feeling, and that you felt like I wasn’t paying enough attention to you, that you wanted to have more sex. You could’ve said
the idea of being powerless, of letting someone else fight his wars for him; Steve always has to jump first, throw the first punch, shoot the first bullet, or he feels like shit.
His tongue traces the hot, throbbing vein beneath the head, which makes James groan and clutch at his hair. The sting of his firm hand against Tony’s scalp spirals down his spine and settles in his cock, making him agonisingly hard between his legs, and a sudden wetness makes him peer down to see that he’s left streaks of pre-come over the underside of his belly.
“Neither do I,” Tony says, coldly. “That piece of shit had to die. But I saw everything, and something tells me that whatever fucking programming that HYDRA gave you was telling you to off me too. The drunk girl was negligible; there was no fucking way that she was going to remember anything the next morning. Am I correct?”
“I didn’t-I
James peers over his shoulder. “What are you making?”
Stone swings around, and Steve punches him hard enough in the face. Stone goes down like a sack of bricks.
“Nowhere,” Steve growls. “You’re never leaving this bed if I have anything to say about it.”
Time slows and stretches, and around it, Tony bends, but he still can’t quite seem to process exactly what Steve just said aloud, his words widening the gulf between them.
Tony and Steve both nod.
Natasha smiles a smile that sets Tony’s teeth on edge. “You couldn’t see the bastard,” she spits out. “You could just see all of the cuts happening, all at once.”
Steve is below him, his eyes wide, a torch in his hand, which he drops and lunges forward, bracing and getting ready to catch him, for some stupid fucking reason. Tony and Steve collide with a dull, painful thump, and his weight knocks Steve to the floor, sending a cloud of dust rising up into the air.
“What did I say you were to call me?” Steve asks, quietly.
Maushmi peers up at him with his eyes and a feminine, softer, rounder version of his face. “Why were you coming from the guest room?” she asks, confused.
“He said that if I only spent as much time on something that was important – the key word here is weapons, of course – instead of my fascination for robots, I’d be a great man one day. That was three days ago,” Tony replies, his voice muffled in his pillow.
Tony was stronger than him in so many ways, maybe in all the important ways.
Tony glares at him. “You believe in the Boogey Man?”
for being in love with more than one person.
, and then, regret floods through his body, leaving him limp and trembling and generally feeling like a dick.
Tony flicks a hand in his direction, dismissively. “I’m done with this conversation. I’m really tired, Steve, and I’d like to go to bed. Conversations don’t just happen when you
“I can say, definitively, that you’re a lot more handsome than that chimp,” Tony drawls.
“Tony!” someone is screaming.
“I never want you to go anywhere either,” he manages to say, his mouth a slack, wet smear against the bare curve of Steve’s shoulder. “I want you to stay here, right here, with me, inside me.”
“I mean, as long as you understand that sex workers deserve respect and are not, by any means, considered lesser because of what they do for a living, and that there’s nothing actually wrong with sex work, as long as everything is safe, sane and consensual.”
have done. “Because we killed him, that’s how we know.”
“I wasn’t always sixteen!”
He asks FRIDAY, and FRIDAY tells him that the closest male relative is meant to light the pyre. If Tony had a son, the son would have burned the body. Tony doesn’t have a son, but he does have Peter, and Peter was the closest thing that Tony had to a child of his own body.
Tony doesn’t see him often anymore, not in the months that followed the kids’ kidnapping and everything that happened after that.
So, he did.
James looks at him, his eyes clean and clear. “Tony, I don’t… I don’t have anyone else.”
AI, and he does whatever you want him to do, say whatever you want him to say?” Steve points out, his voice sharpening at the edges.
“I wouldn’t have left you!” Steve barks at him. “I wouldn’t have done that. I don’t think about you like that at all. I don’t see any of the things you pointed out. I still think that you’re the most handsome person I’ve ever met. I
“Yeah, sure,” Tony replies.
“What the fuck?” he hisses, stumbling to his feet and helping Steve up.
“You’re asking my AI if I’m lying to you,” Tony says, sharply. “That’s not just asking. That’s intimating something. That’s crossing a bunch of fucking boundaries, Steve.”
Steve nods at the table, insistently.
“They’re cute kids,” Natasha offers.
“Okay, okay,” Tony calls out, and he hopes that Steve can’t hear the fear-ridden waver in his voice. “Okay, I’m going to drop.”
He visits Bucky.
“Okay, fine,” Steve says, heavily. “I can accept that. I can accept that I looked at those photos of the two of you and came to the wrong conclusion, just like you did. I’m
in that situation.
“And I would rather have him out of the keep within the next moon, but it is difficult to get what we want,” Obadiah says, with a shark’s smile.
Tony stares at him, and Steve stares right back, and there’s practically only a foot or two between them.
“You want to know what I think of you?” he asks, carefully. “You sure about that?”
,” Steve insists, his voice sounding thick.
“Tony, just… just listen to me, okay,” James says, softly. “Sit down with me, and I’ll explain everything.”
“Maybe,” he says, carefully. “How much would you be willing to part for it?”
Maushmi’s expression shutters, and her legs fall off the edge of the couch, so that she can sit up.
that you’re here for them, that you’d do anything for them, that you’d protect them from anything. I don’t think it’s fair to pick that apart. They’ve given you no reason to.”
feel, how good we feel together–”
Tony nods, curious as to how he might react.
“Aerial reconnaissance has proven unfruitful. As a result, I must declare Captain Rogers killed in action.”
“I mean,
“Look at me,” he says sternly.
friend,” Tony says, his voice thick. “I loved her, but the fight she and Nat had at lunch today wasn’t that serious. It wasn’t… you guys make it sound like Nat was planning this, that she was planning on disembowelling her fucking girlfriend tonight, and she wasn’t like that,
“Then, why didn’t he just say that to me?” Tony demands. “Steve doesn’t… God, Wanda, there are so many days where anything could have happened to me, and Steve hasn’t cared. Why would he care now?”
“You want something a little less plastic filling up that filthy slut hole, don’t you?”
Maushmi directs the question at Steve.
Tony dumbs the photo album onto the coffee table, open to the picture of everyone at Tony’s fifth birthday party.
“Then, please, don’t do it,” Steve pleads. “Let me try instead.”
“Yeah, you know I like a tight cunt,” Steve says, approvingly.
it yesterday when he dropped the kids off. He didn’t look like someone who didn’t seem interested in your feelings or had suddenly stopped loving you. He looked hurt, he looked angry; you don’t feel those things if you don’t love someone; it’s
Peter starts shivering again and crawls into Steve’s lap so that he can seat himself fully. “I was so scared, Daddy,” he says, solemnly, as if Steve couldn’t possibly be aware by now.
“I’m approaching my heat,” he says, bluntly. “As in, it’s going to hit in the next twelve hours. I was in town, and I saw that your show was here, and I was wondering, and only if you want to, if you would like to share my heat with me?”
Steve touches his cheek, just his fingers, like he’s terrified that Tony will push him away (he wants to, he thinks he should, but Steve isn’t like his brother, Steve is kinder than his brother).
The emotion that floods into his throat, forms a lump at the base, makes a suspicious rime of salt appear across his eyes.
“You did what’s
Steve’s jaw hardens, and he looks the other way.
Grant purses his lips, a split second of hatred entering his eyes, and Tony grinds his teeth, something sharp and anxious clamping around his body like a vice, as he is very much aware of him being in between two warring alphas.
“Why didn’t you say anything?” she asks, quietly, in the stifling, shuddering stillness of the room. “You could have, you could have
Grant erupts in a gale of laughter. “Well spoken, my lord,” he drawls. “You are everything that I was expecting and more.”
“What?” he asks, his voice sliding high.
And then, he’s running, even before he knows it, knows what his legs are doing. He throws open the front door, barely hearing the heavy, rapid footfalls behind him, as he hurtles down the porch and towards the car.
James curls his hand around the nape of his neck, firm and full of resolve. “Never,” he says, fiercely. “I am never letting you go, both of you, not again,” he promises, looking between the tw of them, hiding so much pain and want behind his blue-grey eyes. “This is it for me, you two and those kids of yours. You’re it for me.”
Tony scowls and feels a hapless, frantic swell of panic when Steve reaches out and grips the gun in his hand, the muscle in his arm flexing.
Tony reaches out and pats him on the hand. “You don’t know how much that means to me,” he says, quietly.
“Theoretically,” Tony says, vaguely.
He wills it away and smiles.
to do; it’s because you know what it feels like to have a bad father, and you’d never want your kids to feel like that. You’re a good father, Tony. You’re the best one that they could ever have.”
“So, it’s not bad enough that he can kill us in our sleep; you want him to kill us while we’re awake?” Steve says, dubiously.
“I know that too. So do I,” Tony replies, flatly. “You have no idea how much I want to protect them or how much I do that already. One glass of wine is nothing for me. You know what my tolerance is like. And frankly, if I was really interested in endangering his children, or being a shitty father, I’d have downed some Prozac instead. I’m sure I have some stashed in the back of our closet or something.”
“Wow,” Peter says in a low, awed voice. “You knew him for that long?”
“You’ll have scars,” Tony comments, pressing the tea towel to each wound, cleaning it of blood and any dirt that might have tracked inside.
Of course, they still have to sign a marriage certificate, and all of those documents need to be filed with some legal authority, but for all intents and purposes, they’re married.
He almost looks mournful, but there’s a furious edge to his glance.
Bhim nods, accepting the task.
A voice presses against his ear.
James groans, and he clutches at him, his fingers digging into his hips to the point of bruising, and Tony’s arms tighten around his neck.
Of course, it all goes to shit when she finally gets to the front of the aisle, and just as Thor begins to officiate the ceremony, Bucky and Steve’s phones begin to ring, shrilly.
, that I had wrenched away from him some of his dignity or something, that I’d made him feel less important. So, he gave me an ultimatum. He told me that if I didn’t end things with you, he’d ruin my career, he’d make sure that no one ever looked at me twice for a gig; he’d make sure that I disappeared into obscurity and spent the rest of my life working as a bank store clerk or something, trying to make ends meet. And I told him to do his worst, because I didn’t like the bastard, and I sure as hell wasn’t scared of him. And then, he told me that he would ruin
He knows he sounds like a hypocrite; he knows that by his own logic, he should trust Steve, but he can’t; there is a lot more evidence against Steve than there is against him.
“Yeah? You that desperate for my cock, sweetheart?” Steve asks, digging his thumbs into the divots at the base of Tony’s spine.
“Steve,” Tony cries out, as Steve’s next, hard thrust catches his prostate, makes him clench around the length of his cock.
He’s running at a full gallop, running blind through the streets. He trips, which sends him flying into a sandbox, because he’s suddenly in a fucking playground. The cement sticks to his ankles, his legs, and he can’t barely pull his feet loose.
Tony’s arms fall from his chest. “Yeah?” he says with an unsure tongue.
Tony clenches the edge of the window hard, feeling the rim press deep into the palms of his hands to the point of pain.
Obadiah clutches the door to the heater for dear life, and when Tony brings it down again, he lashes out with his claws, slicing the shovel in half. The metal edge tumbles to the ground, and Tony stares at it, stunned, for a moment, long enough for Obadiah to lunge for him, taking him down to the ground.
Steve shrugs. “So? Let me just wash up, change into some night clothes, and I’ll get started. What were you thinking for dinner?”
He waggles his eyebrows, and Peggy finds herself smiling as well.
“I do, I do love you,” Steve says, with effusive fondness. And his voice is almost awed, when he goes onto say, “and you love me.”
“Turtles,” Tony corrects.
“What a bitch,” James offers, in full support of him.
“Yes?” Tony says, carefully, confused.
“Once I’m clear, turn this thing around and get out of here!” Steve shouts over the incomprehensible din of the gunfire.
“You got a plan?” Tony asks Steve.
“SHIELD,” Tony replies, watching him carefully.
“So, who is she?” Tony asks, carefully, tempering his tongue as much as he can, eyeing his husband, evenly. “You’ve never mentioned her before.”
Natasha shrugs, but he can see it clear in her face that he’s hit the nail on the head.
“First of all, I’d really like to clear up this misapprehension, but we’re not sleeping together,” James says, firmly, pointing to himself and Tony in turn.
The phone rings, and Pepper answers it.
“I don’t know yet.”
“What?” James says, frowning deep.
Maushmi stares at her, flatly. “I want Daddy.”
Jarvis squeezes him back. “You are very brave, sir,” he says, roughly. “So very brave.”
Steve smiles down at their daughter and smooths back her curling, frizzy hair. “I can see that. Thank you very much.”
Tony sighs, and all three approach the bush. The scratching begins again, and Tony stops. Pepper backs away towards the house, but Natasha stays with him.
“Did you miss me, Tony?” he murmurs, mouthing at Tony’s neck (not for the first time, he realises that Grant shies away from the bite on Tony’s throat that Steve had left on his body, their bonding mark; any true alpha would never dream of touching another alpha’s bonding bite – it would be a worse sin than coveting your brother’s omega). “I missed you. I thought about you every night. I can’t even fuck the whores at the brothel anymore, because all I want is you, wrapped around me like a vice.”
Steve opens his eyes and peers at them. “Excuse me?”
Tony chews his lip in anticipation.
Tony frowns. “How did he make it all the way to the door?”
“Rude,” Tony huffs. His eyes light up. “We could do the anal train; you both could DP me, but I have to pick up the kids later, and if we do that, I might not be able to sit down; of course, that’s easily solved by either of you picking them up. I could suck off one of you, while the other fucks me. What’s your poison?”
His mother had borne it, quietly, her mouth a thin, pinched line, noting how they were all white women, younger, brighter, happier, unburdened by being Howard Stark’s wife and the mother of his child.
“Take this transponder,” she says, all business. “Activate it when you’re ready, and the signal will lead us right to you.”
“I felt filthy, I felt used, I felt like he wasn’t my husband, I felt like he was just paying me for my time so that he could feel like more of a man,” Tony says, with a flat certainty to his tone, and drinks the rest of his tea in an attempt to quench the fire in his throat. “I confronted him about it, and we fought again, and I slept in the guest room. That was the night before. The next morning, Maushmi saw me, she saw me coming out of the guest room.”
Steve’s cock had flagged inside him, and Tony knows the feeling, the feeling when the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak. He can see the tautness in Steve’s expression, the knowledge of the reason why he’s going slightly soft inside him, and he has no interest to setting them back half an hour.
“And I’ve noticed lately that he seems to be down. To be honest, I’m worried about him,” Natasha says, carefully.
Steve sits up. “Oh?” His voice lilts with curiosity.
James enters the lounge in a leather jacket and jeans, and then, Tony watches as Steve’s face pales in a rush.
He adopts the tone he takes with the kids when he’s trying to get them to come to a conclusion all on their own, and it seems to work, because Steve nods.
Steve looks at him and does a strange thing with his mouth like he wants to cry, and he doesn’t want anyone to know. And then, he makes a soft noise at the back of his throat, as if all the frustration is leaking out of his body, and Steve is slinging an arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him forward. He slants his mouth over Tony’s again, and Tony feels as though he is streaked with fire inside and out, goosebumps racing across his skin.
“I mutilated the bastard, and then, your father shot him in the head, and Ana, Jarvis and Melina, Natasha’s mother, cleaned up the scene. We all knew about it. All of us, Sarah, Virgil, Patricia, Melina, all of us knew what had happened, and what we’d all done, and none of us regretted it for a second,” Maushmi says, a savage, animal edge to her voice. “You want to me stand here and apologise. I won’t. I
“Tony,” Steve drags his hand over his face. “Tony, you remember that time when you dressed up in that… uh, that teddy, and we played rent boy and customer?”
“Well, it isn’t in the first one. And in the second and third, to be fair, you can’t get drunk on mortal liquor, and I have built up a heavy tolerance after decades of being a lush.”
That’s when the car door opens violently, Obadiah’s hand thrusts through and yanks him out of the car, dragging him onto the lot, which is now filled with this sort of fog that Tony doesn’t remember from when he parked. Tony shouts, struggling against Obadiah’s grip, before he ends up on his back on the gravel, Obadiah straddling him.
“In more than one way,” he says, his voice like acid. “She wanted to prove to me that she was fucking you, and like an idiot, you let her do that. You couldn’t even be smart by having an affair. You couldn’t keep your mistress in line; if you had, I might never have found out, might never have put the pieces together, might never have looked at what you were doing too deeply.”
“I’m sorry. I’m hurting you,” James says, watching him carefully.
He boils water for the noodles, and he hears footsteps behind him. He looks over his shoulder, slanting a warm smile at Steve.
Dread, awful, grisly, dread sinks low in his belly, like a sack full of stones. “I… I told you, I had to go to Stark Industries-”
“You don’t have many things to do with your time, Tony. You don’t have to run Stark Industries. God knows that your mother doesn’t expect you to help her at
“I’ll delete it,” Steve promises.
James nods, briskly. “Yeah, and one of them got away before I killed him, and I know that he came back here. So, I followed him. I… I wasn’t intending on making contact with Tony, especially when I found out that he was married and that he had kids. But then-”
“If we could help it, none of this would never have happened,” Tony manages to say, his mouth tasting like ash. “But you were so brave, and you were so good, and you listened to me, and I am… your father and I are very, very proud of you, aren’t we, Steve?”
“You would have been able to do other things,” Tony says, confidently.
Her eyes narrow, and the sunlight above catches her deep red lipstick.
“Oh, yeah, I owe you plenty,” Steve says, sarcastically.
Phillips turns to Peggy. “Faith, huh?” he says, smiling wryly.
To her credit, Ms Lewis doesn’t bat an eyelash when she sees James picking up the kids, or James with Steve or Tony at one of the parent-teacher meetings or one of the other events held at the school.
“I guess that depends on your definition.”
Grant smiles. “Good. That’s good. We belong together, Tony, we really do. I know the things have been hard with us apart these last few moons, but they will be better now, now that Natasha is gone, and you can be all mine.”
“Take my word for it, Tony. She’s sleeping like a baby. She’s not going anywhere.”
Tony’s head snaps around just in time to see Steve jumping out of the plane.
Tony’s mouth is as dry as sawdust.
Tony’s hands wind their way into Steve’s thick, golden hair, tugging at the strands, as Steve continues to kiss him, kiss him like he’s starving for it, and when he finally pulls back, when they both recognise the need to breathe, Tony’s lips are dark and bruised, and he runs his thumb over the curve of his lower lip, feeling the flesh hurt under the pad of his finger.
“I was with a friend,” Tony says, calmly, even if his insides are jittery.
A scowl edges over Steve’s mouth. “Do you have to be such a dick?” he asks, sharply.
“We have reason to think there might be something weird going on,” Steve says, keeping up the lie without missing a beat, even if his personal opinion is that Tony is a lunatic.
“Just a little.” Toni punctuates with her thumb and her index finger. “A little.”
but then, he remembers the fear, bright and sharp, reaching into his chest, slithering against his lungs and belly, when he’d rushed into Wanda’s house and found it devoid of children and he had no fucking idea where they’d gone, only that they were gone and he’d failed them; he remembers the sight of those HYDRA assholes waving the gun in the kids’ faces, the comforting weight of their bodies in his arms as he walked out of the warehouse, as they clutched at him like he could protect them.
“You stupid little fuck,” Obadiah snarls. “I was going to have my fun with you first, the kind of fun we used to have, but now, now, I just want to fucking kill you–”
Tony’s belly clenches with heat, and he feels himself getting hard in his jeans. He swallows past his dry throat.
thing.
Steve falls silent and folds his arms over his chest. “You would never have done this, this morning. You would never have kept anything from me,” he retorts, a little pained. “You’re only doing this because I look like this now.”
He smiles when Steve comes home; he kisses him goodnight and goodbye in the morning, and he pretends like he’s not dying on the inside.
Tony careens into the parking lot of the police station before screeching to a stop right in front of the entrance. The two of them jump out and head into the doors.
“You gonna take that?” Steve asks, casually, taking a sip from his coke.
“Fuck,” Steve moans, dragging his hand over his face. “You are… so fucking filthy,” he rasps.
fit again, one day; one day, it
Peggy and Tony exchange a look.
The noise that escapes Steve is nothing short of the sound that escapes a cat when it’s dying, and his face is hard and white as stone.
Steve shakes his head.
He grips the base of James’ cock, tight enough to make a vice, like it’s Tony’s ass that he’s wrapped around, and James ruts against the grip. Tony’s hand works at his cock in lazy, upward strokes, as Tony’s mouth sucks gently at the head, swiping his tongue over the slit, and then, he removed his hand, letting himself swallow James’ cock down to the base.
“Tony, wait,” Steve says, his voice building into a protest, reaching for his hand, but he misses Tony’s fingers just by the width of a hair.
They reach the guest room, and they can hear Natasha crying out on the other side, “I’ll kill you!”
“Herr Stark, surely you don’t think you can escape from this base.”
He smiles, smugly; he’s still got it.
“Tony,” Steve murmurs. “Tony, I told you that I wouldn’t leave you.”
“That’s pretty dark,” Tony comments.
The lights get brighter, and the viewers shield their eyes.
There are a number of photos there, photos of Steve as a baby, smiling with his gums in the sink, as he’s bathed.
things to protect them, but you left us a sitting duck and I’m just…”
on me?” Tony demands, offended.
“And did he like me?”
Peggy lets loose a string of swears that surprises even Tony, who desperately hauls on the throttle.
“How are you going to get that truck?” Tony demands
“Betty,” Peter chimes in. “Betty said that her parents stopped talking to each other and then, they started sleeping without each other, and then, they got a divorce. Appa, what’s a divorce?”
“He would have,” Tony agrees, dumbly. “He would have done that and not blinked.”
He drives along the street until he spots the car he remembers from the security camera footage, and Tony’s stomach begins to flutter, anxiety clamping around his body like a vice.
Tony falls into the awkward silence.
“I don’t care what you told me. You
“I’m going to find them, okay? Steve and I are… we’re going to find them,” Tony reassures. “I just… I promise you, I’ve called the ambulance, they’re on the way. But I can’t stay.”
The next morning, Hodge and his friends show up for breakfast.
Square Filled: T5 - AU: HYDRA Won
Only Rhodey and Pepper and Steve remain.
, you have to ‘member that I called you
Steve nods. “But that wasn’t the first time I’d seen him. I’d seen him in the park, and he was teaching this little girl… she wasn’t allowed to play with the boys, because they were pretending to fight with swords, and she didn’t know how to. So, he sat with her and he taught her to strike and dodge and defend, and then, he watched proudly, as she went back in and kicked all of their asses.” He laughs. “I thought he was a good guy, so I stalked him a bit, saw him running around the memorial at the crack of dawn, and I joined him, went running past him. God, he hated me for it–”
“Yeah.”
“I love you both so much, you know that, right?”
“Let the police know, for fuck’s sake,” Sam snaps.
“That’s not what I said either,” Steve retorts.
“Or me.” Steve yawns.
Tony huffs. “I
Tony cuts himself off before he goes on, because he knows that Steve won’t take it the right way, will see things in it that aren’t there.
Steve looks horrified. “No, no, never, I never thought–”
Tony nods. “Yeah, uh, the twins… when we fought after that night, the night where we had sex and I objected to his form of dirty talk-”
“Noodles?” Tony offers. “With some stir fry. I bought that Malaysian sambal paste.”
“I like beauty,” Tony says, bluntly. “Nothing else, nothing more. You are beautiful.” He sets his teeth on Steve’s lower lip. “Please, Steve–”
“I think you know exactly where I got that. Look in the box,” Tony orders.
Steve returns, eyes bloodshot, mouth turning down at the corners; he brings Tony back a HYDRA minisub, which Tony starts to take apart in the corner of a warehouse, while Steve is in the other, having one of the SSR doctors and nurses draw blood from his arm.
, for afternoon tea.
Tony’s chest begins to burn, and his expression freezes on his face, turning jagged.
“They’ll be fine. You’ve reassured them. You’ve comforted them. That’s all you can do. I’ll take good care of them.”
“I’m coming back,” Tony replies, his voice shaking in his throat. “Okay? I just need to go and find that box. Just… a minute, give me a minute.”
“Oh, okay, where are the kids?”
Steve nods, takes it on the chin, and unless Steve has become a terribly competent liar (except for the SHIELD lies, now that he knows about that), Steve takes it the same way that he does.
Steve flushes.
“Where are you gonna get it?” Steve asks, gaping at him in disbelief.
“Oh, just working on some code for the next update for the StarkPhone. How was dinner with Bucky and Sam?” Toni wonders out loud.
“What?”
Tony salutes him and heads in that direction, closing the door behind him once he finds himself in the room, alone with Loki, who is sitting, his hands chained together with a pair of cuffs that seemed to glow every time the light hits them.
Tony steps forward, cautiously, towards Steve’s body lying on that chair. He shakes his head.
“The end of the tunnel,” Steve says, breathlessly, as it approaches at a frightening rate.
Hodge snorts. “You’ve seen the other recruits, especially that cripple Rogers. You really think that they’re gonna put us in jail because we fucked one brownie omega that we shouldn’t. Who gives a fuck who he knows? Like I said, hold him
“You’re an idiot,” Tony growls out.
“How did you ever walk with that?” he demands.
“I know you have,” Tony says, easily. “So have I.”
Tony has the sudden urge to throttle him. “You don’t know anything about him,” he hisses. “You don’t… you have no fucking clue.”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Tony hisses.
Time stops for Tony, and then, his mouth spreads wide in a gleeful grin.
“It’s not, but it is when the recommendation is for a woman who looks like that and who looks at
Tony kisses him, a little sloppily, a little messily, everything damp, and he slides his fingers between his legs, finding where he’s slick the most, using that to ease the way with Steve’s cock.
to you.”
“I’m back, aren’t I?” Steve shoots back.
If Tony wasn’t hard yet, he’s definitely hard now, stretching at the lace of his underwear. “Yes, sir.”
Tony knows who is believed when such things are given voice, and the newly bonded omega is never believed.
Tony bites his lip, burying his face in the pillow, his mouth a slack, wet smear, but he keeps his hands there, spreading himself open, even if his arms begin to strain.
Ms Lewis nods. “I saw the newspaper articles, you know, about the circuit boards and the engines and the guns.”
anything. I’d never told him about my feelings, and he’d never… I mean, I never knew if my feelings were reciprocated, and… by the time that I’d even had the courage to tell him, he’d left for Afghanistan, and then, he was… he was MIA. I’m the one that got the call from the Army. I just… I didn’t deal with it well, didn’t deal with the idea of him just being gone. I actually, I almost went after him, went to Afghanistan to look for him. I figured if the Army wasn’t going to do anything about it, wasn’t going to help him, just leave him there like some empty fucking body even though Bucky had given them his entire fucking life, I would do what they couldn’t. I’d go and find him.”
And then, he realises what they were looking at.
Phillips approaches, with that permanent grouchy expression on his face. “Rogers, you just embarrassed a senior senator in front of a dozen reporters and ten members of Parliament.” He shoves the medal into Steve’s hands. “You should get a medal just for that.” He nods at the cartridge in Tony’s hand. “You figure out what this is, yet?”
“Steve.” Tony’s voice is unsure.
Tony feels him smile instead of seeing it.
James nods and pulls out a glass chair from his satchel, covered from top to bottom in a material that looks like cotton candy. He rattles it, revealing the sharp, clinking sound of the recording devices as they come into contact with the walls of the glass jar, even through the material that it’s contained inside.
“Peter and Maushmi,” Tony says, slowly.
“He’s right, Tony,” James agrees, folding his arms over his solid, broad chest. “There is no… I mean, we’re not individual relationships within a wider threesome or something. We’re all in this together.”
“The last surveillance flight is back,” she explains. She lays down aerial pictures of the disintegrated HYDRA camp. “No sign of activity.”
“It was okay. The kids had their parade,” Tony says, almost absentmindedly. “They looked so cute. I took plenty of photos. We can take a look at it later, if you want.”
Steve hangs his head. “I’m sorry.”
Tears are stinging at the backs of his eyes, before they overflow, running down his face.
Tony is late returning from the mess hall one night to his quarters, when a sweaty hand curls around his mouth, arms wrap around his body and drag him into the darkness. A number of hands slam him up against a brick wall, and Tony is struggling, shouting against the hand covering his mouth.
James’ smile is laced with pity. “If you say so.”
“Don’t,” Tony warns. “You don’t know me well enough to plead on my husband’s behalf. What I believe or don’t believe is none of your fucking business.”
Toni scowled.
For weeks, they don’t speak much.
Warnings for this chapter: past implied/referenced attempted sexual assault of a third party, issues around consent when Tony was younger, implied/referenced past drug abuse.
Tony pockets his wallet with a scowl. “You know, you might be the most annoying person that I’ve gone out with.”
“Hi,” Steve replies, softly, and then, they’re kissing, and Tony is surging up against Steve’s mouth, draping his arms around his shoulders.
“It didn’t work,” Howard says, flatly.
“I dreamed about him fucking me, taking control, dominating me.
He sobs out when he sees Pepper’s slack, mumbling face, Natasha’s mouth open in an ever-constant wail of misery.
One of his hands tighten around Tony’s throat, and he’s choking, his lungs burning, his body hot all over, and he can’t breathe, and he’s swiping at Obadiah with all of the strength he can possibly muster, but it doesn’t seem to be enough to remove his hand, to force him to withdraw.
“Fuck, you’re tight,” he grunts. “Thought you’d be loose as fuck, since you’ve been spreading it for God knows how many johns.”
“Steve,” Tony says, gently, sympathetically.
, both of you,” Tony says, breathing hard, his lungs aching with the effort, as he rubs at his temples. “I can’t believe… I can’t believe you both are doing this, doing this
. All I had in the world was you, and then, we had the kids, and
Then, Steve shakes him awake, and he’s lying in the middle of the pharmacy aisle, Steve’s concerned face looking down on him. Tony stares at him, then, chokes, before throwing himself into Steve’s arms, which close around him.
Tony lets his tongue loll out and lick up whatever come he can reach, his cock twitching at the bitter taste.
“You sure it works?” Steve asks Tony, presumably because it’s his name on the side of the transponder.
“And I know about those phone calls okay,” Tony runs roughshod, the adrenaline pumping through his veins. “I know that she calls here constantly, and you always answer it, and you always leave the room so you can talk to her privately, and I know that your conversations with her are suspicious, that you talk about secrets that you can’t tell me, that you have to leave and go to her immediately. Is she one of those Fatal Attraction types, then? Did you fuck her at some conference or some retreat and now, she won’t leave you alone? Is she going to be boiling bunny rabbits on the fucking stove now? Is she going to try and kill me? Should I be watching out for that?”
Tony unbuttons Steve’s jeans, pulling the zipper down. He slips inside the waistband of Steve’s underwear, palming his cock until he swells up fully between his fingers. Steve grunts, and his cock jerks into Tony’s palm.
Steve’s face brightens. “Really?”
Steve looks at him like he’s terrified, like he thinks Tony’s going to do something awful like hit him because he feels betrayed – this whole thing with Natasha has made them very careful around each other, careful with going too far, touching nerves, pushing boundaries that shouldn’t be pushed, and Tony hates that, he hates that Steve should feel scared around him, scared of his reaction, and he hates that he feels like that himself.
“Then, clearly, it wasn’t my first time, but as far as I’m concerned, it
“Yeah, I kind of do!”
“Now, I’m here.” Steve hesitates. “I didn’t think they allowed omegas to work for the army.”
“You are unbelievable,” Steve declares. “You are so fucking unbelievable. You’re trying to hide the fact that you’re fucking someone else; you’re trying to hide the fact that you’re a fucking terrorist, like your boyfriend, and you’ve been using me as your fucking beard this whole fucking time, so you’re turning it back on me. You’re accusing me before I have the chance to accuse you, right?”
“I’m not, Tony. Natasha and I are… we’re friends, just friends, I swear.”
“So, you could get killed by the horror movie villain that stalks these woods for new victims every time someone makes shop here?” Steve deadpans.
James smiles a smile that is no smile at all. “A picture of you and me, at that fair we went to. You remember?”
He grins at Steve and backs out of the mess hall.
Tony’s eyes widen. “Yes,
Well, good luck to him, because Tony is a master of avoidance.
Tony flees into one of the side rooms in his chambers, when both Bucky and Natasha arrive, seeing the carnage on his bed, and the dead body lying beside him, their lord’s exact image pale and numb and blood drenched and drying over his front.
, he thinks, but he follows her bemusedly into the house.
“Not like this, not when you’re trying to prove something,” Steve tells him, his voice solemn.
Steve pulls him away from the wall, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist.
“We are, uh, we are bonded, and I assume that we will spend the rest of our lives together. If you wish me to call you Tony, then, I insist you call me Steve.”
“–collapsed because I recently got stabbed in the belly by an alien warlord who came to decimate half the universe, and you pissed me off?”
Omegas are never innocent, never the victim in these situations.
Tony’s fists clench by his side. “I don’t need your permission to leave this house,” he grinds out.
“I came back,” James agrees. “A couple of months ago, the HYDRA guys that were on my tail cornered me in Bucharest, the same guys that HYDRA that I was trying to protect Tony from, and they saw a photo.”
Tony pauses, and then, pales in a rush. He runs to the door, grappling for the edges of doors to keep him upright, until he finally reaches the front door and pulls it open, and it’s James, standing on the other side, blood matting his hair, his front, and his eyes drifting shut.
“Didn’t we just explore all the reasons why that would be a terrible idea?” Steve calls out from behind him.
And then, a shadow appears between him and the sun, and Tony pulls his hand away, staring up at Steve who seems to blot out all of the sunlight with his broad frame.
“You’re such a white boy,” he teases.
Tony falls onto the bed, and the knife rolls across the unmade sheets. He grapples for it, but Grant is on top of him before he can think, hands around his throat, choking him. Tony fights back as best as he can, kicking out. Grant is momentarily stunned when Tony’s foot catches him in the ribs, but he manages to climb full on top of him, knees pinning Tony’s legs down, hand over Tony’s wrists, pinning them above his head.
turned Steve into this?). “Don’t make me say it out loud, or I might break something,” he says, darkly, grim-edged.
“The, uh,
Steve lifts his eyes, almost defiant in the tilt of his face. “I’m just saying that I hope you had good time with the bastard, you know. I’m hoping he gave you what you wanted, especially considering that you left the kids with our friends to go and get on your back for that asshole-”
Tony peers at Rumlow. “It won’t work, you know?”
But Tony’s ignoring him; in his hands is a folder labelled,
“He came though, and he dealt with it much better than I did, and he shot the bastards.”
“We wanted to get permission.”
He’s waiting on their floor, pacing around the living room, in a pair of sweatpants that ride low on his thin, slim hips and a t-shirt that can only be Tony’s, considering that anything that fit his prior physique would have probably left him swimming inside it.
Natasha nods.
“It was one night,” James explains. “It was after we’d stopped HYDRA, and I was crazy in love with him, and I knew he loved me too, and I shouldn’t have. I should’ve remembered who I am,
“Don’t panic,” Steve warns, his jaw set in determination. “There’s plenty of time for that later. Wave that at anything that slithers.”
Steve comes down the steps.
“I ruined it though,” Steve complains. “We were supposed to take it slow. Remember what Eshe said-”
“You feel so fucking hot and tight around my cock. You’re gripping me like a vice,” Steve murmurs, softly. “It’s like we were always meant to be like this; you were always meant to take me inside your body, Tony. Nothing will ever feel like this, nothing will ever be as good as this, for either of us. You promise?”
the first thing that came to your mind?” Steve demands.
Steve gapes at him in disbelief.
The tunnel is twisty, and within moments, Tony peers into the black, seeing Zola and a few more Nazis huddled up in another mine car in fast pursuit of them. The tunnel goes slightly uphill, as though headed for the summit of a rollercoaster. The low cross beams and the higher sections in between are causing the Nazis to alternately stand and duck in their efforts to get a clear shot at the lead car. One Nazi times it wrong and gets whacked.
“Oh, yes, I do. You’re thinking you’re not as hot as we are,” Steve says, confidently.
Maushmi pouts. “Do you have to go, Appa?”
“Okay, then, uh, I got an idea,” Tony says, untangling his legs from Steve’s hips and putting his feet back on the ground.
weapons in the world,” Tony says with cold resolve.
“Yes,” Steve says, warily.
Tony moves forward again, cracking the shovel again on his knee.
It’s never too hard for him to love Steve Rogers, though.
Grant looks displeased and thrusts harder, his hands tight on Tony’s hips. Tony’s body rocks with the force of the movements of his hips.
“Yeah,” he clears his throat, “I’m sure. I… I want to stay here. I want to stay in this house that Tony and I made our home. I want to stay in this house that Tony wanted to be
“It fucking sickens me, because you didn’t protect me, because you hurt me instead. You hurt me worse than anyone has ever hurt me, and the reason why it was the worst thing that I’d ever felt was that I thought you, of all people, wouldn’t hurt me. I thought you loved me, and then, you didn’t. So, when you say that you did those things, that you hurt me in that way because you were trying to protect me from some worse-off fate, I think that’s bullshit. And frankly, it’s insulting. It’s insulting to tell me that you were trying to protect me because I don’t need you to protect me. I don’t need you to tell me how to feel, what to do, how to think. I am capable of doing all of those things for myself, Steve, and I am capable of protecting myself. I am a grown adult, and I have my dignity, and you robbed me of it, and you are still robbing me of it by telling me this condescending bullshit that you were trying to protect me. And the worst part of your fucking story is that you humiliated me in front of my father who was just looking for a reason to treat me like shit. And you just
“What about the others? You’re planning a rescue mission?” Steve wonders out loud.
Tony had told him the stories all those years together when he was more than just Steve’s colleague’s son.
Tony, on the other hand, had raged, within the four walls of his room, raged hard and long and honestly, for every time that his mother had slunk away into her room, humiliated and hurt and hands shaking because she didn’t know what she had done wrong, why he didn’t want her, why he would want to hurt her when they supposedly loved each other, he wished his father dead.
“We went to the planetarium, all four of us, and we were getting lunch, when I got a call from James. I lied and told Steve that it was a call from my PA, Pepper, that there was something really serious going on at Stark Industries and that I had to go and sort it out.”
Grant closes the door behind him.
“I’m fine!”
“It is not a Jehovah’s Witness.” JARVIS hesitates for an agonising moment. “Miss Romanoff is at the door.”
“I always knew you were a tits man,” she teases, kissing him softly on the mouth.
“You two get us transportation to the States, a plane, a ship, anything.”
“No,” Steve insists, clutching at his hand, his expression solemn and strained. “No, don’t go, Tony. Don’t go, please, stay with me.”
“Amma, just, just hold my hand,” Tony insists.
“Yeah, yeah, of course,” James says, quickly.
Tony gapes at him, not knowing how to answer.
“We were just introducing ourselves to your omega,” Lady Natasha says, her green eyes flashing, as she gives Lord Steven a smile, one that has a lot of teeth.
Toni shakes her head, her hair tickling his skin. “I’m up, I’m up. I have that meeting with the board today about this… this stupid fucking deal they want to make with Viastone.” She pauses. “I don’t care about how much we need this advertising space; if I could spend the rest of my life without having to see Tiberius Stone ever again, I would.”
He’s breathless when he finally reaches Peter and Maushmi’s classroom, knocking on the door.
, and he kept coming closer and closer to me, and I was like ten seconds from throwing my drink in his face and smashing the glass over his head, and he put his hand on my thigh, dragging it up so he could grope my dick in my jeans, and then, Steve was there.”
“Hello, Mr Stone,” Steve says, cheerfully.
“If you guys are staying over, you can take one of the guest rooms,” Tony tells Pepper and Natasha.
Tony’s lip quivers. “So much for saying that you love me; you just fucking called me a naïve little idiot, you jackass,” he says, coldly.
“What? How to kiss? How to have sex with my partner?” Steve demands. “Guess what, Tony? I didn’t really have a lot of fucking experience with either of those things the last time I was like this, but in any case, it’s not something that I would easily forget or ignore. You made assumptions, just like you said I did this morning. You made assumptions and they were the wrong ones.”
Tony peers at him. “What did
“He didn’t have anaesthetic or antiseptic, but he made do with what he had. I have an arrhythmia, atrial fibrillation, and ventricular tachycardia. My heart, in all these years, hasn’t returned to its normal rhythm. It’s probably similar to the palpitations that you get. I get tired very quickly, myself, and I can’t run up more than two flights of stairs. Hell, even that’s…” he trails off, “that’s hard sometimes too. At around one flight, I feel a tightness in my throat, and my legs and arms start to tingle. I’m fairly sure that’s my blood circulation cutting off, because my legs turn to stone, and it’s too hard to keep moving. I can’t survive without the arc reactor, but it gives me a lot of shit to deal with at the same time. Half my ribs and sternum are gone. The blood vessels in that area are all distorted, which means I get blood clots sometimes. Normally, when you get blood clots, you take blood thinners, but I can’t, because thinning my blood would actually make things more dangerous. And if those blood clots detach, they can become embolisms that can cause a stroke or be fatal. I have to monitor them very carefully.”
Tony clears his throat, because he’s
Tony nods and he rests his head against James’ chest, as his hand stretches, the joined pair with Steve’s, flattening against Steve’s pectoral, where he can feel his heart beat in a steady, inexorable rhythm under his skin and bones and muscle.
“And now, you come here, to my chambers, in the middle of the night, wearing that robe and not much else under it, to accost me over my supposedly
“You’re seriously making this a
Tony runs his eyes over Steve, hungrily, checking for any wounds that need immediate medical attention. He seems unharmed, if a little tired, in body and mind; his uniform hangs filthy and torn, his shield battered and bent, but he lifts his head high, confident that he’d done the right thing in the end.
Steve laughs. “Homely? That’s not exactly a word I’d use to describe you, Tony.”
“You left me alone,” Tony says, lifting his eyes to catch him in a terrible glance. “You… you walked out of the house constantly, each day, at dawn, and you didn’t show up until midnight, and you missed… you missed everything, and you left me alone, with the kids, you left me to take care of them; you took advantage of the fact that I wanted to be with them, and you decided that you could back out of all of your responsibilities. You did that,
“No, I was just…” Steve sighs. “Where are the kids?”
Tony nods. “Like I was some fancy, strapping businessman and not a really young genius college student who was almost at the legal drinking age and who ate too much chilli cheese fries and often threw vodka cranberries at stupid people.”
“You don’t talk about him,” Steve reminds him. “Peter, I mean. You don’t… you don’t mention him at all.”
James grunts, and suddenly, he’s surging up, fingers tangling in Steve’s hair, and his body is a work of art, moving gracefully like a dancer, and before Tony even knows what’s happening, their bodies are twisted up, together, and James is sitting astride Steve, mouth crushed against his, and Tony has a sudden, wicked idea.
Tony’s birthday is actually great.
Tony feels fever-hot, his brow damp with sweat, twisting his head back and forth against the pillow, the muscle in his throat taut against the skin, especially when Steve’s thumb rubs slow, soft circles against the sliver of skin behind his balls and just above his rim.
“Phil. Phil Coulson? He’s, uh, he’s our handler down at SHIELD. We thought, well, a couple of years ago, we thought the Winter Soldier killed him,” she explains, rocking back on her heels.
Tony doesn’t ask him about the necklace; he doesn’t think he’s brave enough to have that conversation with Steve, the fact that Steve might actually think that the people that he fucks are a dime a dozen, and so, they should receive a dime a dozen gifts.
Tony shakes his head. “He… back in college, we met because I was helping him with something, something dangerous. I threw him out in the first instance, because the kids were still at home, but once I dropped them off at school, I went to his apartment-”
“Wow, that makes me feel great,” James retorts. “You just fucking replaced me with some bodybuilder
Phillips purses his lips. “I spoke to the President this morning. As of today, the SSR’s being re-tasked.”
“I thought I’d changed it up for once,” Steve closes the menu with a flash of his pearly-white teeth. “No reason to get complacent with food choices.”
He doesn’t hesitate, pulling the engagement ring out of the box and slipping it onto its left hand.
again, not your father.”
… you were on the outside. In Peter’s second draft, of course.”
Tony stares down at the tiny slip of paper that James had handed him that morning and looks up at the decrepit walk-up in Flatiron.
He lets his hands skate all over Steve’s chest, the way he wanted to in that laboratory, groping the muscles, and Steve’s eyes are trained on him, on his hands. He moves lower, hesitating, because even with all of his lust, this is where his mind fails him.
Ms Lewis returns after a moment with two xeroxed sheets of paper, which she hands over to him. He folds them into neat little rectangles and places them into his wallet.
Three months into Tony’s bonding, after he has had a chance to settle in Steve’s castle, make friends with the servants, takes charge of the household, Steve comes to him.
Tony gapes at him, and then, he feels the offence like a flood of heat into his body, like he had swallowed a whole, lit much. “It would be
first, ‘cause our birthday is coming up-”
“Tony,” Steve says, his voice agonized.
Tony gnaws on his lower lip. “Yeah?”
Steve didn’t and doesn’t love him the way that Tony loves Steve, and that was just something that he just needs to accept.
Tony shrugs. “I have a picture of how I want this day to go, and you guys are too slow for my tastes. Get back to what you were doing. Make out like teenagers all you like, and I’ll get things going over here.”
“Where the hell have you been?” Steve demands, and then, turns his face into the crook of his elbow to cough twice, his entire chest wracking with the sensation.
just want you tell us when you’re scared.”
smart.”
Steve looks at him,
that we go upstairs and have sex if you weren’t included in that offer?” He looks at Steve. “You coming?”
“You’re sure?” Steve’s voice rumbles, alpha through and through. “You’re really sure about this?”
alpha, his mother would throw him out onto the streets without a second thought), “my name is Agent Carter. I will be supervising your induction today.”
Phillips raises an eyebrow. “Like what?”
Tony shakes his head, desperately. “Yes, yes, please, give it to me, give it to me, Steve.”
“I am afraid that your lover may need to come to terms with his… metamorphosis, because there is not anything that can be done to change him back to what he was earlier this day,” Loki says, slyly.
“I am sorry for your loss,” Lord Steven says, immediately. “I… I suppose this is my lowborn way of thinking, but I thought we should speak before we spend the rest of our lives together, and I wanted to hear your thoughts on the match before we go ahead with it.”
He comes across what looks like a settlement, with several, concentric, silk tents, creating a flowing maze effect. The innermost tent has at its center a three-foot-high, tapestry-covered altar.
“Tony, Tony, you know I think the world of you, but you’re an engineer, and sure, you’ve got more muscle mass than most people and you’ve got some self-defence training, but these guys are in my realm of skill,” James tells him, with a certain bone-deep weariness.
Tony meets Steve Rogers in person one night in the mess, when he decides to grab his tray of rations and drop them right in front of Steve, who is sitting on his own, for lack of friends among the recruits.
“I’m fine,” Wanda says, sternly. “Now, did you talk to Steve about your problems or what?”
, but they both loved each other’s
He doesn’t say or do any of that.
cock?”
Steve’s shoulders slump. “Oh,” he murmurs.
Steve looks at him and presses on, unhindered. “You didn’t answer my question.”
“Mouse?” Tony asks, looking at his daughter.
“What do you think of that?”
A lump forms in her throat. “That’s not going to happen here,” she says, fiercely, reaching out to take his hands.
He flings one last look at Wanda’s prone body and God, he’s a monster, right? He’s such a fucking monster.
James shrugs. “Am I happy that you’re married? Of course not. But I’d never begrudge you those kids. You… you were always going to be a great father.”
not a
“If the Nazis can’t have it, I don’t see why anyone else
“What do you mean?” Tony demands.
“Get off the gas! Steve!”
Tony shrugs. “I guess… I guess it bothered me that she was so focused on making Steve feel better that… well…”
“Get out! Get out!” he shouts.
“Steve,” Tony gasps, rocking back against Steve’s fingers.
Tony’s face floods with colour.
“Excuse me?” Tony’s flicker cracks with surprise.
him,” Steve stresses, twisting his head so that Tony can read the truth in his eyes. “He was… he was an arrogant, crude prick that hated his only son because he knew his son was smarter than him and he couldn’t stand that. He set his eyes on
Steve keeps splashing oil the rest of the way to the wall. It lights, and Steve pushes Tony over to the wall. He pours the remaining oil in a circle around them, creating a safe zone there.
It’s all Loki’s fault, to be honest.
All he wants is for Steve to come back; somehow, with those nights they spent in the same bed, even if they didn’t touch, he felt safe with him – he wonders if he thinks that because it’s easy to think, like he’s made up a false Steve in his head to cope with what Grant is doing to him.
“I think your husband is broken,” James comments.
friends, James. Too much has happened, both between us and after.”
Jarvis finds him screaming.
It starts slow, what happens between him and Grant, unwilling on his part though it may be.
“Tony-”
The man just continues to smile. “Gonna get you,” he says, slyly.
“I don’t like anything more than I like you,” he says, bashfully.
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “You haven’t been watching
That afternoon, Tony comes for parent-teacher interviews.
Tony grins. “Yeah, he’s going through a Roald Dahl phase,” he says, fondly. “But Maushmi, she’s reading Ahimsa, by Supriya Kelkar. I think she only picked it out because it had someone who looked like her on the front cover. But Peter’s got The Conch Bearer next on his list, anyway.”
“You don’t want to know, Steve. You don’t want to know.”
“For fuck’s sake,
“Tony, do you know why I find you attractive?” James asks, reaching out to smooth his thumb over Tony’s sharp, defined cheekbone.
He falls asleep just like that, hand pressed to his heart, like he’s keeping it inside his body.
Tony shudders like a wildcat.
“Of course I’m making this a race thing,” Tony says, his voice ugly and loud. “Everything that happens between us has a
James’ hand tightens like a band around Tony’s throat, not to the point of pain or even discomfort, but enough that drives him closer towards an edge, throws a spanner in the words, but not a terrible spanner, a fucking amazing spanner, because he didn’t even know breathplay was one of his things.
could pick them up. Does that sound like two kids who don’t think the world rises and sets with you? Because I can assure you, you are their whole world. They
Tony flinches and nods, bowing his head.
He squeaks when Steve pinches at his ass.
“There’s no reason to hide anymore, Tony. There’s no reason to pretend.”
compromised. I… I thought the Winter Soldier was hurting you, and I was going to go into that apartment and kill him for it. I thought you’d fooled me all these years; I thought you were screwing around with the Winter Soldier and using me to get intel. I thought you were honeypotting me, and I was going to let you leave.”
He hates that, he hates that it’s now on his head, to forgive and forget, to make everything better, to make everyone comfortable, to be happy with Steve, even if he hurts him, disrespects him, offends him, and he hates that Steve put him in that position, holding him hostage to a completely different result.
Natasha sighs. “Tony-”
“In the
“I do, I do.” Tony presses his forehead against Steve’s. “We’ll fix this, Steve. Someone will come through, and if we don’t, if we can’t,” he feels Steve shudder against him, “well, I’ll love you, I’ll always love you, and nothing will change.”
Warnings for this chapter: implied/referenced domestic violence (not between Steve and Tony), marital problems, lingerie kink, almost sexual content.
“Choices for
He spots Strange holding back the deluge of water from the lake flooding the entire battlefield, and it’s as though something is connecting them, across this moment, because Strange turns his head, catches his eyes.
Steve’s pupils bloom wide. “Okay,” he says, submissively, and backs away until he’s perching on the edge of the bed.
Tony gnaws on his lip. “No, I think… maybe I just need to cut my nails or… dip into my mother’s stash of pills,” he says, quickly. “I’m fine, Jarvis. I promise.”
He’s about to push past him, when Steve stops him, becomes a veritable wall blocking him from leaving the house.
James lifts an eyebrow. “Hey, you were the one who was questioning whether we were emotionally healthy enough to make this decision. You sound pretty self-actualised yourself.”
“Tony, you okay?” James wonders aloud, approaching him carefully.
“Ah, their last will and testament.”
lie to you about this?” Tony demands, gesturing to James. “He openly admitted to being in love with me. Why wouldn’t he just tell you that yes, we’ve been fucking, yes, he’s been cheating on you, yes, we’re in love and running away together? Because honestly, it would’ve broken us up, and he would’ve been the consolation prize, and it makes sense why he would do that. But he
don’t take this seriously?” Steve demands. “You didn’t,” his voice cracks, “you didn’t see them, you didn’t see her, you didn’t hear that, you have no right,
“You’re sure the guy’s nowhere near the kids?” he says, shoving the point of his finger into James’ firm chest.
“Steve,” Bucky says, alarmed.
me, it sickens me.” Steve flinches.
“You fucked up,” Tony says, feeling like a strung-out washcloth. “You hurt me, and you hurt the kids. I have a feeling you’re going to be paying for this for a while.”
Peter purses his lips thin, his brow furrows. “Papa,” he says, after a moment. “I think I’d like to call you
Finally, he gives up and throws the pillows onto the floor with a disgusted sound.
was real, which means my God
“I’m pissed,” Tony tells him, “because I thought you were my friend.”
“I went to James’ place after that. I wanted him to know that I was going to tell Steve everything, and then, I rushed back, and Steve… he had pictures, pictures of James and me meeting each other, and he knew about the Winter Soldier, and he had a gun on the table in front of him.”
Steve growls. “Would you just shut up and listen for a second? I want that piece your father had, and I’ll pay you for it.”
“No!” both Tony and Steve shout.
“Good,” Lord Steven says and bustles towards the roaring fireplace.
A guard exists, pushing a card of food trays. Tony and Steve wait until he’s gone, before they look at Natasha, who looks a lot duller than she did this morning, her red hair pulled back away from her face in a braid, her face devoid of any make-up, her eyes having lost their shine.
. She, who was so interesting, and where you didn’t have any responsibilities. You could just be any red-blooded man, and I would think about you fucking her and laughing with her about me, and it would just… I would want to threw up. I’m pretty sure I did throw up a few times actually.” He shakes his head. “And that night, at the restaurant, I felt
Coulson sighs. “I thought when I took the night shift, I'd have peace and quiet for a change.”
Wanda’s mirthless smile guts him.
Tony directs his gaze to the counter. “You’re right,” he says, quietly, relieved that it isn’t him saying it out loud. “Don’t… you know, don’t die out there,” he grinds out, his voice sharp-edged. “Don’t get hurt, and if you do… don’t hesitate to come to me. We’re friends… that means that I help you when you’re injured. We don’t have to… we don’t have to be more, we don’t have to fuck for me to be a decent human being to you, James. You… you can always come to me. That’s not going to change.”
“Of course not,” Tony says, almost immediately. “This is just…”
“I’ve missed you,” Grant groans, and there’s a slick sound from where his hand is on his cock, getting himself ready. “Did you miss me, Tony?”
“No, no, you don’t have to do this. I’ll go away. I’ll move away, go to a different fucking continent or something. I’ll never talk to her ever again,” Stone insists, tears in his eyes as he realises that the end is approaching.
“Uh, in the most high and palmy state of Rome–” Thor begins to read aloud.
“I love you, and I love our kids, and I would… I would die for them in an instant,
The ‘something’ that he puts into Stone’s drink is fast-acting, and before Steve can even blink, Stone is off his face drunk, stumbling around, slurring at everyone. The security guards exchange a look about who’s going to deal with this guy, and instead of escorting him to his room, they take him to the elevator and push him inside.
,” they blubber and clutch at his legs. “We don’t want to fall down the drain.”
“Just stay with me. I lived years without you, and it was half a life, and I don’t want that life anymore. I’ll never leave you again, Tony. I’ll never lie to you. I’ll never do anything that you don’t want me to. Just stay with me.”
His alpha’s companion is standing there, a man named James Barnes, tall and fierce, with a metal arm welded to his right side, hair pulled back from his face.
“I’m sorry,” Tony mouths, lacking the strength to get his tongue to work.
“She was screaming,” Tony whispers. “She was screaming; she said… she said that they were in the house, that they wanted the kids-”
Steve runs his knuckles down the length of her bicep. “I can’t deny that. When do you have to go to work?”
“A few nights ago, Hodge and his friends attempted to force himself on Mr. Stark over here. It is only with Agent Carter’s timely intervention that it did not happen the way that Hodge had envisaged. With the serum in his veins, who knows what kind of harm may fall omegas in the future?” Abraham points out, gravely. “We have a duty to keep the serum away from that man at all costs.”
are the one who is going to war, Steve.”
“Yeah, that’s fine. Let her in,” he tells JARVIS.
“I wouldn’t have… wouldn’t have judged you or anything–”
The next morning, Tony comes down the stairs to the kitchen, just as his mother taps out one of her antidepressants, swallowing it dry. Ana is cooking breakfast, while Jarvis is emptying out bags of groceries.
“Yeah.”
, and that’s what you should be for your kids. You should be
Tony leans with a pleased sound rubbing up against the back of his throat and kisses him, his hand smoothing down from Steve’s cheek to his shoulder and then, the length of his arm until their fingers can tangle together.
, Tony thinks, bitterly.
Steve cracks a half-smile, even if the grief hangs heavy behind his pale blue eyes. “I know, baby, but you can sleep on your own. I know you can.”
Toni blinks, uncomprehending. “Why do you say that?”
Sam stills. “I feel like I already know that I’m not going to like this story.”
“Tony,” Steve says, dubiously.
Tony nods again. “They’re safe. They’re at home with Steve.”
Sam whistles, low. “Can’t imagine he liked that,” he mutters.
Steve shakes his head. “Tony,” he says, sounding like he doesn’t want to hear it.
Tony cocks his head in confusion.
But Steve looks at him with no less affection or lust in his eyes than before he’d decided to give him a hand job.
“Yeah, we, uh,” Natasha and Pepper exchange a look, “we’ve got things to discuss.”
“You, uh, I don’t know if you remember, but when you were in hospital, after we came back from Titan,” Steve rubs his hand over his hair, which is longer, darker at the roots than Tony remembers it being, at least before their two-year separation had occurred, “but you said that I should ask you out?”
“Seven, eight, gonna stay up late! Nine, ten, never sleep again!” they sing, and Tony feels it in his bones.
for your own sick research methodology.”
Peter returns the fist bump. “Are you going to wear a suit too, Uncle Rhodey?”
“In any case, you should probably tell the doctor that you’re awake. He might want to give you some other medication.”
“And you decided that you knew better than Tony on that front? That he wasn’t capable of judging the danger for himself and making according decisions?” Eshe asks, curiously.
smiling face, in that ridiculous costume, all red, white and blue, stars and stripes, and a mask with goddamn wings.
“That’s my babies,” Tony says, fondly. “Okay, pyjamas off, and in the shower!”
Tony has his bad days, and so does Steve, and sometimes, they can’t even drag themselves out of bed. So, on those days, the other stays with them in bed, makes them comfort food, and they just cuddle away the day.
“Of course, Hamlet's response to this, and to his mother's lies, was to continually probe and dig–just like the gravediggers–always trying to get beneath the surface.  The same was true in a different way in Julius Caesar. Thor, go ahead...”
“Yeah, but Appa said we have to check with you first. Can we go the Planetarium, please?” Peter asks, his eyes glassy like he’s about to cry.
“I hope they weren’t too much trouble,” Tony says, lightly.
Something clicks into his memory.
“–kept touching me?” Tony offers. “As in, you would like to move to the main spectacle of the night?”
“Yeah?” Tony says, licking at his lower lip.
“I know it sounds creepy, but I have watched you with them,” James reminds him.
“Appa said a bad word,” Maushmi sings.
Tony nods. He looks away, finding a place on the wall that seems more interesting to him. “He’s in love with him, you know?” he says, woodenly.
He falls asleep before he can even try to keep his eyes open.
He twirls the knife between his fingers, gracefully, and his eyes catch Steve’s, pupils fat, blown black, and the same heat from the expo rears its ugly head, spreading like fire through his veins.
The silence is stifling, suffocating, within in the four walls of the bedroom.
Tony could see it before him in stunning technicolour.
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Tony soothes.
Peter wrings his hands together in an anxious gesture that reminds Toni of being his age. “What if, what if you have a baby with Steve and Bucky?”
Sometimes, Tony feels so low that he considers throwing himself out of a window, thinks that no one would mourn him, that Grant may lose his whore, but Tony will be at peace (it has been many moons since Steve was in this castle, and he must have found a camp follower or a brothel worker to spend his nights with, considering that he was at war, his blood was up, and it wasn’t as if he was able to find gratification with his bonded omega; Rhodey and Pepper would have forgotten about him without a single raven on his end).
Tony leans forward, eager to hear the story.
“That’s because you’re a good person,” James says, with a wry smile tugging at his lips. “I wasn’t… in a good place, back then. All I knew was revenge. All I wanted in the world was to get back at the people who’d taken everything from me, and you were there, and you brought light into my life. And I fell in love with you, and I knew you were in love with me, and I know… I know you would’ve taken anything I’d given you-”
“Okay,” Tony says, slowly, even if unease settles in his gut.
“Because of my lived experience,” Tony says, grimly. “Leave it alone. They won’t change. The only reason they let me through those doors is because I’m a Stark, and I’m with you. Otherwise, they would’ve been very polite in saying that my kind isn’t welcome here.”
“What do you mean? What’s wrong?” Sam asks, worriedly.
“You asked me to come,” he points out.
Tony’s hands are shaking, and there is something volcanic and messy building up within his chest. “You still
He waves his hand in a gesture that is indecipherable to Tony, and then, he’s being shoved up against the bar, face down, a hand tangling in his hair and pressing his face down against the wood.
Tony’s throat flexes.
“Because he’s dead!” Maushmi finally shouts. “He’s dead, Tony. Obadiah Stane is dead, and I’m sure, wherever he went to when he died, he’s suffering for it, so, you see, you don’t
Tony takes it from him, his hands suddenly hot. He drinks some of the scotch in an attempt for artificial courage.
“And you know what really fucking galls me, Steve? All these times you’ve accused me of screwing around on you, I could’ve,” he snarls, suddenly, baring his teeth. “I could’ve slept with someone else, Steve. I could’ve slept with a thousand other people if cheap, hot sex was all I wanted. There are a million people in this world who would kill to sleep with me, who would
that my best friends left my wife like that on the floor without waiting for the fucking ambulance, but I understand why you left her, and I can’t blame for-for wanting to get your kids. I know Wanda wouldn’t either. I guess I’m just pissed at the situation, pissed that you guys were involved in something that brought those assholes to my house and let them assault my wife. I’m
nightmare,” he says, his voice sharp around the edges. “He’s not dead.”
, Steve,” Tony says, digging his nails into his palms, leaving half-moon marks in his skin. “You lied about your job, where you were going, what you were doing, the people that you worked with. It’s like… it’s like you had this whole other life, and we were… we were just a tiny, insignificant part of it. It’s like we were unimportant, and you had no problem with that. It was like it was so easy for you.”
It is the least he deserves. Kinslaying is a great sin amongst his people – Steve is right to punish him, even after what Grant did to him.
He feels the need to say that again and wonders why he has to keep justifying that part of the story, constantly, and maybe, there is something happening, something that he doesn’t want to acknowledge, even though he hasn’t touched James, wouldn’t touch James.
Tony bites back a curse. He plasters a false, thin-lipped smile on his face. “Must have gotten my wires crossed. Thought it was my day to pick them up.”
Tony jumps to his feet. “Oh, fuck off,” he mutters and goes on down the hallway.
“We were wrong, Steve,” he says, his voice muffled by Steve’s shoulder. “He’s a monster. He always was.”
“No, no,” Tony says, roughly. “Fuck me, I want you to film me. And it’s the StarkPhone, right? The one that I gave you. It should be safe; no one’s going to be able to hack you.”
He slides knuckle-deep with some difficulty, and then, there’s two fingers filling him so full, so tight, stretch skirting the edge of pain. Tony moans and grinds back against his hand, his fingers fisting in the sheets. Steve curls his fingers, almost searching, and then, the pads of his fingers manage to rub against his prostate gland, and Tony grunts, banging his fist against the mattress.
Tony and Steve nod.
“She wishes to speak with you, I believe. She did not tell me what her specific agenda is.”
“Yeah, it totally was,” Tony says, avoiding Steve’s gaze.
Tony and Bhim exchange a look.
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Steve sobs, his voice harsh and ugly like there’s something scraping against the insides of his throat. “I’m so fucking sorry.”
“This is really bad, isn’t it?” Tony asks, woodenly, unable to take his eyes off Maushmi’s sleeping, slack face.
“Bye, Appa,” he says, softly, kissing him on the cheek, leaving a damp streak in his wake.
Steve pulls back, and Tony wants to whine at the loss.
So, today, when Tony second-guesses himself, his husband, his marriage and this family that he has built painstakingly for himself, he tries to remember that first night, how easily Steve had come to his defence, and forces himself to remember that Steve loves him just as much as he loves Steve, that whatever distractions life may hold, Steve will always come back to him.
“You are my
“Steve,” Eshe says, sternly. “That’s not fair. Tony is entitled to his emotions, even if they’re not something you would agree with.”
Tony yawns, silently. He quietens, burrowing closer to the desk, when the teacher’s eyes angle on him.
He’s not some lunatic, snapping the necks of puppies or strangling kittens.
“Why… I mean…” Steve trails off. “Have you been saying something to them or…”
Steve pauses, his head tilting. “What else?”
“Jamie, if I didn’t patch you up, I might have contributed to your death, and that’s not really another black mark on my conscience that I need,” Tony points out.
“In fact, I’m pretty sure that the same reason why you’re, uh, struggling with, well, you’re struggling right now is very similar to what I’ve been struggling with since I came back from Afghanistan,” Tony says, quietly.
He makes his way into the lounge, and his pale eyes catch the gun in Steve’s hand. James goes straight for Tony, touching his shoulder with the tips of his fingers.
“Because I’d just watched a video where your best friend murdered my mother and father and made it look like a car accident, yeah. I can imagine it was difficult to excuse that in any way,” Tony mutters under his breath.
He wakes up again to the sound of screaming, at the same time that Steve hurtles awake as well. There are cries ringing through the whole wing, and he and Steve hurtle out into the hallway.
Tony frowns and gets up, staring down at the box. He blows off dust to reveal the words,
No one can ever say that Tony isn’t polite; his mother raised him to be polite.
“Maybe we should shut it down,” Tony insists.
“Well, then, you’re a fucking idiot,” Tony says, venomously.
“I did,” Tony agrees. “The night ended when I dragged Steve back to my apartment-”
“But not as hot as you think we are?” James pushes.
The third one, Peter’s second one, has Steve’s entire figure scribbled out in dark, thick, black crayon.
“Yeah, well, if we’re gods, you’re a nymph.”
“HYDRA,” Phillips says, gravely.
Steve crawls through mud beneath a barbed-wire net, and Hodge kicks out the support, which results in the net fall on top of Steve. He grapples with it for a moment, before managing to shift onto his belly, plodding along.
you going to tell me, Steve?”
“They have student records going back for decades...” he trails off.
Stone doesn’t even realise that Steve’s in the elevator with him; he’s busy muttering to himself, singing, even, and he’s still completely oblivious when the elevator doors slide open into the penthouse apartment and Steve walks out with him.
Abraham clicks off the microphone and nods to an omega nurse, who opens a case, revealing a gleaming aluminium syringe. She taps the needle, checking the liquid contained inside, pulls back the plunger, and injects Steve in the arm.
Jarvis narrows his eyes. “If you’re certain, sir.”
“You defend her so easily,” Tony says, softly, his smile turning hard and reckless. “I wonder if you’d defend me so easily as well, Steve.”
“She liked it rough when she was fourteen?” Steve asks, flatly.
“Good, ‘cause we have work to do,” Tony says, sharply, pushing past him into Steve’s apartment. “Where’s Sarah?”
“My mother had previously threatened to remove the use of his tongue should this happen again. It appears she will have to come through on her promise,” Thor tells him, sadly.
Steve tightens his hands around him. “You sound like you’re going to say goodbye,” he says, worriedly.
Eshe finally smiles. “Okay, good, good, that’s progress.”
Steve purses his lips. “Then, this is the guy, right? He’s the guy who killed them, who killed Pepper and Natasha. Obadiah Stane. Do you know who he is?”
Tony cups his face in his hands, kisses him all gentle and lingering. “I
, though, with what was happening between
Tony manages to make it onto the airplane, hiding amongst the crates, making his way through the body of the plane, until he’s in the cockpit, just as the pilot leans out of the window, his gun aimed outside, clearly waiting for a clear shot at Steve.
“Not at all,” Tony grunts.
Steve’s face contorts into an expression of agony, and he slips off the couch, crawling towards her, landing in front of her on his knees.
Steve looks ill, sicker than what he had looked like five minutes previously.
“We’re just deciding some of the minutia,” Toni stresses.
A scowl edges up over his mouth. “Okay, fine, do I think that sometimes Tony puts himself in bad situations and that means that he’s in danger and he needs help, sure. Do I think he’s an idiot? Of course not. No, this has to do with the fact that I think he doesn’t realise how important he is to people, how much we love him, how much we’d hurt if something happened to him.”
with every moment that passes, because the kids aren’t here, right? Because the kids are gone; whoever did this to Wanda has our
“And I’ll bet Natasha helped you come to this conclusion out of the goodness of her fucking heart,” Tony bites out, his voice snide.
“Good?” Steve checks, his voice rasping like gravel.
,” Steve says, passionately. “And it really fucking kills me to know that that’s what you thought, after everything,
It’s easy to do that, to treat Steve like he’s one of Tony’s children than his husband, his husband in a marriage with all those problems that need to be resolved.
Tony has an obscene amount of road rage.
Steve snatches up one of the torches, still burning, handing one to Tony, who takes it with pale hands.
“I’d fuck you on this table if I didn’t think you’d be cold for it.”
“Look, Steve,” Tony says, gently, “maybe it’s just a good idea if you take a step back right now. For the most part, the bunnies are gone. Thor’s handling Loki, and between Clint’s arrows and the Hulk, I think we’ve got this sorted. Just take a breather. You don’t have to continue being the Captain of Captains right now–”
He dies a little inside at every sob, every scream, every scrape, because those two look at him like he can fix everything in the world, make everything in their lives, good or bad already, better. When there’s a problem in their life, they run to him, they reach for him, knowing that he’s their hero, their greatest shield, their greatest protector and their greatest champion. Even if it’s painful and scary and brutal and he doesn’t know what he wouldn’t do for them, and he knows that he’s capable of terrible, inhuman things if it would keep them safe and happy, it’s not something that he would give up for anything in the world.
He winces, pain flaring across his handsome features, before relaxing within the machine.
“Nothing happened between us. He just needed my help with something.”
, all thin and tall and blonde and white and perfect, the kinds of omegas
, you fell asleep.” Tony rubs his hand over his face, and then, his shoulders deflate, sinking onto his torn bedclothes. “I must be going insane,” he says, breathlessly.
“It’s the building’s original heating system,” Tony murmurs.
“Tony,” James says, sternly. “Why does he have a gun in his hand?”
Tony nods to himself and laughs a little, self-deprecatingly. “I should’ve…” He drags his hand over his face, and then, rage hurtles through him, like an indomitable wave that starts from nothing. “You, you, you…
with you?” Steve asks, disgusted.
Tony runs away before Ms. Hill can chase him.
“You didn’t do anything wrong; I just loved you too much. You didn’t force me into anything; I was a very willing participant, and it was not a one-night stand; it was the best night of my life,” James says, quietly.
At the end of the dead-end, they can see it, a large farmhouse repurposed into a school, with a sign out front.
“I’m sorry,” she says, after a moment of thought. “I’m sorry, I should have realised that there was something wrong, that something was wrong. You suffered because of my negligence.”
James gives him a dubious look.
Tony just bangs his fist against the mattress to signal his agreement.
Steve nods, like there’s something missing in his body, like half of his spirit has left when James walked through the door, and his hand relaxes around Tony’s, falling back to his lap.
“My lord,” he pleads, looking over his shoulder at Grant, “please, Lord Anthony can see–”
James shakes his head. “He never said anything about staying away from you. He was just… worried about you, and he wanted me to be careful, so I told him that I would never dream of doing anything to hurt you-”
Steve frowns. “What about the paradox?”
Steve’s shoulders slump, and he covers his face with his hand.
“That’s definitely true,” Tony says, his voice flat, gravelly.
Tony puts aside the tablet. “Steve,” he begins.
Tony’s hands are shaking.
“Because while I love you, you are also capable of overreaction,” James explains. “I’m just trying to put things into perspective for you.”
“That’s what I thought,” Tony says, triumphantly.
“No, no, get some sleep,” Steve says, yawning. “We need sleep, now that there’s no creepy child molester trying to kill us in our dreams.”
It all sounds too good to be true.
And then, there’s a man on top of him, huge and shadowing and heavy, pressing against his hips, wearing a grimy old sweater, a hat pulled across his scarred face, not low enough to hide strings of salt-and-pepper, greasy hair.
It’s one that Tony agrees to, happy enough to let all those burdens off his shoulders.
“-built like a line-backer?” Tony teases, finding humour somewhere inside what he feels is a cold, burnt-out body.
“And he’d live with us?”
Steve turns to Tony, pleading and pained. “Tony, Tony, shit, I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have… I shouldn’t have kissed him without talking to you first, and I know, I know we were supposed to talk about this and take this slow, and you, Bucky, Bucky, you’re still healing, and you’re probably not ready for this step, and-”
Howard hits a button. The Cadillac rises, floating in thin air as though controlled by an otherworldly force.
Tony nods.
me. I loved you, and I know you loved me, and I knew you would hate me for it, but I walked away because I loved you and I wanted what’s best for you. That couldn’t be me, not when your father was dangling me over your head like a fucking noose.”
Steve shifts closer to him. “Tony,” he says, unsure, but then, stops before saying anything else.
him. You called him Uncle Obie.”
Steve’s shoulders slump, looking tired, defeated, his hand covering his face.
“Got into a fight with the HYDRA bastard,” James slurs. “Don’t worry, he’s worse off than me, but he managed to escape. Slippery bastard.”
who must have been imprisoned by HYDRA, followed by ragtag vehicles, carrying the rest.
this; he wants to learn ballet, and if he’s showing interest, he should. Actually, ballet’s pretty good in terms of physical acuity. I could teach him and Mouse to fight as they grow older, and the ballet will make them quick and flexible.” He shakes his head, as if he were going off track. “But it’ll be good for him because he’ll start to learn how to stand up for something that he believes in, that people won’t always likes the choices he makes but he’s gotta stick by ‘em if he wants people to take him seriously.”
Wanda pats his hand for comfort.
Tony moans and covers his face with his hands. “I shouldn’t… God, I shouldn’t be here. I shouldn’t
Fear is slithering in Tony’s lungs, and he’s screaming, screaming as loud as he possibly can, until his throat is going hoarse, and there’s a hand tugging at the waistband of his slacks, sliding underneath to grope at his cock, pushing underneath where he’s dry as a bone.
“Well, if you’re so opposed to the idea of having lavender in your house, maybe I should just take that bouquet away–”
“I’m off the publicity circuit,” Steve says, defensively.
“Room 29,” Steve mutters to himself.
Toni looks over her shoulder with a withering look. “Seriously, what is the point of having you as my maid of honour?”
James’ smile down at the twins is just shy of blistering, with just a hint of teeth.
He doesn’t know much anyway.
made me think that I was
“By all means,” Thor concedes, immediately.
for you. You can trust me.”
Steve reels back as if he’d never expected Tony to come at him with that.
He grabs Steve’s hand, and Steve’s eyes track the motion before flying up to meet his eyes.
“We can be friends,” James offers, kindly.
“Maybe it would have been better if I’d just died,” Steve says, stubbornly, glaring at him. “But I know what I look like. I’m a shrimp.” His voice is thin with disgust. “You could poke me, and I could break a bone. I’m short and thin and have no muscle anymore. I’m the last fucking person that Tony Stark would want to have sex with.”
But Tony catches the small edge of worry in his voice and resolves to talk about this more with him once the kids are settled back at home, safe and content, even if it will take a lot more to rid themselves of the memory of this ordeal.
with it, you dumbass. I was okay with it all. I would’ve gone anywhere and everywhere with you, because it was
“Do you believe he is an intelligent human being?”
you to kiss me, but only if you want to. That night, I forced you. I thought about what I wanted, what I needed, and I had no thought for you. I wanted to prove something, not only to you but to myself as well. I was foolish, because I thought I could not show any weakness, because I had to be strong. I was wrong. I can be weak. I am allowed to be weak. I am allowed to heal.”
“Well?” Tony asks.
He draws his steel from its scabbard, until the flat of the blade is seated in his upturned palms. He offers it to Tony.
“Nah, Tony, it’s all because of you,” Steve says, sleepily. “I love you.”
Title: gatekeeper of an endless war
His husband is so handsome.
“You came pretty close to it, you know,” Tony points out. “The me hating you thing.”
“Yeah, it’s my body wash, but that doesn’t mean you can
Steve pouts. “But I wanted oatmeal.”
“Papa, that’s
it to him.”
“I’ve been in a car with both of you, and no offence, but you drive like great-grandmothers, and I feel like we’re on a time limit,” Tony muses, as he pulls the car into a drive and pushes his feet against the gas pedal.
“Fuck,” Tony hisses, banging his fist against the mattress.
Peter nods, a little more fervently. “Yeah, yeah,
Jarvis squeezes his ankle one last time. “Sleep tight. Don't let the bedbugs bite.”
“Well, yeah,” Steve says, awkwardly. “I guess… I just thought that after everything, things seem to be, well,
!” Tony spits, relishing in the way that Steve’s face falls.
“Of course you’d say that;
Steve just sends him an obscene grin and crawls towards the edge of the mattress, opening up the drawer of the bedside table and fishing out the lube bottom, squeezing out a generous amount onto his fingers.
He runs away between two tents.
“Let me guess, Natasha is an expert,” Tony says, with the slightest snide edge to his voice.
“So?” James demands. “In that week I was watching you, I barely saw him with you or the kids. He didn’t help you out at all with them. All I saw was you getting up at the crack of dawn, getting the kids up, getting them ready for school, taking them to school, going to pick them up and take them to each of their activities and waiting for them to finish, and then, bring them home and feed them and put them to bed and go to bed yourself, only to start the next day the same way, all over again. And him? I saw him leave the house at six in the morning every day and return close to midnight. That’s it. Never saw him spend any time with you or the kids-”
“What happened to them?” Tony wonders out loud.
“Appa, where are you taking Mouse?”
“Oh.” Steve frowns. “Why?”
Tony grumbles under his breath. “Maybe there’s going to be a natural disaster. Don’t people like have this weird sixth sense before something seriously fucked-up happens?”
Steve trails his fingers over the bare curve of his shoulder. “Are you smooth all over?” he asks, lowly.
“I hope you don’t mind me going into your kitchen,” he says, quietly.
Tony clears his throat. “I don’t mind him, from first glance,” he says, carefully. “I haven’t actually interacted with him much, but he doesn’t seem like a bad guy. I suppose I’m just curious as to why he is your choice.”
Tony closes his eyes in an attempt to free himself of the weight of Steve’s stair.
“We got married, had the kids, and everything was fine, until it wasn’t. I don’t know if you know this; I don’t know whether Wanda or even Steve has told you this, but he and I are having problems, marriage problems.”
of a terrible and irresponsible father,” Tony says, crossly. “Besides, Pepper needed the specs for that new body armour we were going to sell to the Air Force – please don’t start with the
“Appa, are you coming or
Tony narrows his eyes. “Seriously?”
“Yes, I do,” Abraham says, vaguely. “Besides, I did not think you would be so quick to discount him. You have a few of those problems yourself.”
“Not yet.”
He’s stretched so full and taut around the wide girth of Steve’s cock, and he can’t halt the rise of his own hips to meet Steve’s, every drag of his cock catching on Tony’s prostate in a way that makes spots dance in his vision.
Natasha scowls. “Steve is my friend-”
Blood pours out like a river from the gaping hole in Grant’s throat, covering him with something that tastes sharp, hot and metallic. The red sinks into his skin, into his hair, his eyes, his mouth, all over him, soaking into the sheets underneath them, and then, Tony, with strength that he didn’t even think himself capable of, pushes Grant off.
“Steve,” James says, soothingly.
He says it with a passion and venom that borders on madness, and that’s how he feels, how he’s felt all these months, that he’s going fucking mad with all of it.
Peter nods. “Uncle Rhodey told me that when people get married, one person gives the other a diamond ring to ask them to marry them.”
There’s an awkward silence.
There’s no answer.
,” Steve murmurs, and his voice is so unbearably soft that it makes his chest hurt. “I love you too, not more, not less… just… I love you.”
“So, from what you’ve both told me, you’re in love with this person that goes by James for Tony and by Bucky for Steve, and that he used to be the Winter Soldier. Is that correct?”
“You know what this is, don’t you?” Tony accuses.
The clock on the bedside table reads:
Tony lowers his eyes, takes a deep, steadying breath and shakes his head. “No, no, he… he wants to say something. Let him say it; he… he should say it. I can… I can respond when he’s done,” he says, quietly.
“Tony,” Sam sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Tony, I’m sitting here at my wife’s bedside in the fucking hospital, because some guys broke into our house, trashed it, beat up my wife and stole the kids that she was baby-sitting, because their parents are involved in something dangerous. I don’t have time or the energy to make you feel better.”
Steve looks down at the photos, his brow furrowed, and then, Tony watches, in stunning technicolour, as his face contorts, his eyes emptying out like drying pools.
There is a sheen of tears in Steve’s eyes. “Of course you can call us Daddy. We’d be honoured, Pete,” he says, his voice rough with emotion. “So, uh, what do you think about us adopting you?”
Steve leads them to the massive bed, laying him out, before climbing onto the edge on his knees.
Steve’s brow furrows.
Tony walks down the sidewalk, alone, edged with thick flowering brush. He pauses, feeling goosebumps run across his skin. He looks across the street.
“Which means that I am incapable of being a primary caregiver?” Tony lifts his eyebrow.
“I don’t mean to, uh, interrupt, but I thought that if we were going to have any conversations, we should probably do it while the kids are sleeping?”
Steve kisses him.
Tony huffs. “Of course I didn’t, you idiot,” he says, scathingly.
Peter shrugs. “Because you love Steve and Bucky, and they love you, and aren’t you supposed to get married when you love someone.”
Then, he starts sprinting.
“Can’t have you waking up, can we?” he taunts. “Not until I’ve had my fun.”
, I’m great. You can go now.”
Coulson fumbles with the lock to the door, with Tony hovering at his shoulder. The three of them rush down the corridor, and that’s when they see her, Natasha, swinging from a bedsheet taut around her throat, her head limp, her eyes shut.
That’s all he’s ever wanted, to keep his family whole, to keep them loved despite everything.
Tony flings himself forward and presses his mouth to Steve’s. It doesn’t feel like the times that Grant had kissed him; Steve feels firm and supple and more than anything else, submissive. His arms are as stiff as boards by his side, as if he’s refusing to touch Tony, and when he pulls back, Steve’s face is as stoic as Tony has ever seen it.
Steve hefts him higher up his back. “Who said I didn’t need to stop?”
The second that the lights turn on, Tony has the sudden and immediate urge to vomit.
“You’re not in any condition to drive, Tony. You’re shaking. Let me drive you, and you can pick up your car from here when you’re feeling better. You’ve had a shit day, let me help.”
The three of them run into a hiding spot behind some water barrels near the Command Tent. They peek their heads out at the sound of activity. In the big space near the command tent is parked an open German staff car; inside is a blond driver and an armed guard. Directly behind it is a canvas-topped troop truck. At this moment, Rumlow and another Nazi are supervising the careful placement of the crated gem in the back of the truck, as if they are terrified to let it fall into open hands.
Steve considers him for a moment. “So, what do you propose?”
.” Toni gnaws on her lower lip. “How about we, uh… actually, Steve and Bucky are on their way over here. I wanted to talk to you first, but how about when they come, you run up to them and you give them a big hug, and you call them Daddy?” she offers. “But only if you feel comfortable doing that.”
“Most of it’s not my blood,” James offers.
Pepper pokes at the flame in the hearth at the sitting room in Tony’s wing, and Natasha pulls back the drapes at the window.
“Tony?” comes Steve’s voice through the room’s speakers.
In his mind, he writes the names down, one by one.
“Are you fucking insane?”
“Do they not want me to?” Peter demands, a pout forming.
“No, don’t,” Tony urges. “This isn’t worth getting kicked out of the program for.”
Tony lifts his head. “What the fuck are you talking about?” he demands.
He hadn’t slept much last night; he hadn’t slept at all, too scared of a nightmare, unable to get the image of Pepper’s body out of his head, the stench of fresh blood, the cold air coming from the window, the bile that was still in his throat.
Tony purses his lips thin. “You got the bugs on you?”
Tony lifts his head. “You’re okay with this, aren’t you?” he asks, wondering if he’s too heavy for him.
“Well, I hope that’s a great comfort to you when they shut this division down.”
“I’m gonna enjoy this,” he growls in Tony’s face, his breath stinking of cigarette smoke. “You uppity rich bitches are all the same, flashing your scent and your ass around until we take notice, and then, pretending to be a fucking virgin when we pay you a compliment. What do you think Daddy’s gonna say when he finds out that you gave it up to a guy like me? You think they’ll find some glitterati to put his teeth on you after I’ve fucked you bloody–”
The problem is that he’s also not just
“And not just one or two items?”
“Coils are at peak,” Tony muses, staring at the readings. “Levels are 100%. We may dim half the lights in Brooklyn, but we’re ready. As we’ll ever be.”
“I didn’t mean-” Steve takes a deep breath. “There are two kids upstairs,” he repeats, his voice thin and taut.
“What?” Tony asks, surprised.
Tony shrugs. “He has a knack for the sciences. What else could I have possibly done?” He hesitates. “We didn’t just come to you for shelter though. We need your help?”
Tony flushes and looks away. “Give me a break. It’s not exactly an easy conversation you have with your husband.”
The pain is unbearable, flaring hot between his legs and stretching up into his spine and his throat, and there are tears in his eyes, leaking out steadily from the corners. He grits his teeth, refusing to allow Grant the satisfaction of hearing him shout.
“Shut up,” Grant says, gruffly.
It is done, and Tony and Lord Steven are bonded.
now. I would consider that a perk.”
Tony narrows his eyes; the man doesn’t take his eyes off the newspaper.
Steve considers him carefully, with an uncomfortable, thoughtful intensity.
Tony smiles to himself and stretches himself out around James and Steve’s joined bodies, his thighs on either side of Steve and James’ knees. He reaches down his body to grip the base of James’ cock and presses the head between his legs. He parts for James like a ripe peach, and James’ entire body goes tight, like it’s all too much for him, the pressure and stretch in his body from Steve and the hot, sweet flex of Tony’s hole around his cock, like he’s trying very fucking hard not to just rut into him.
“Man to man?” Tony taunts, like he’s somehow less than that, because he’s always on the bottom when they fuck, and Steve, Steve’s the real man in this family.
“I can’t let you go on your own. I can’t sit here, sick with worry over what might be having. I can’t…” Tony looks over, drags his hand over his face. “I can’t sit here, I can’t wait. I can’t think of the thousand possibilities that might be happening, wondering if they’re going to come home, if
Tony perches on the edge, primly, folding his hands in his lap.
“I’d like for Steve to fuck; can we factor that into the positions?”
“He’s our man!” the other Nazi protests.
, that Tony didn’t do anything to push him away, that he just fell out of love with him and fell in love with her, that he still loves Tony, that despite the fact that he doesn’t want to be married to Tony any longer, he’ll always be there for Tony and the kids.
He catches Steve, watching him with sharp, irritated eyes.
“You like that, huh?” he pants, sweat dampening his brow, his hair.
Tony rolls his eyes. “You know I didn’t mean it like that. I mean, it was rushed. We didn’t take a long time to really explore each other; we were just… we were just in a rush to have sex, after everything, after all the missed moments, and we just lost ourselves in each other. But you didn’t really see me that clearly that night, and even if you did, I don’t look like what I did back then.”
Phillips rounds on Tony. “What’ve we got?”
When they pull him out, he promptly throws up the lining of his stomach, because it’s not like there’s anything else in there. He pants, loudly, a high-pitched wheeze to every breath he takes, as he claws desperately for more air.
“You can’t get this anywhere else, can you?”
“That is definitely creepy,” Tony agrees.
“Her name’s not Natasha Romanoff,” James tells him, almost delighted to throw this secret out into the open. “Her real name is Natalia Alianovna Romanova. She was part of a secret KGB program called the
Steve climbs into the bed, shuffling under the covers, and Tony’s not going to lie, it’s a bit strange, getting used to Steve’s shift in appearance, his smaller body, knobby knees, thinner arms, but they make do. Tony shuts off the tablet, placing it on the bedside table, before he turns onto his side, splaying his hand, warm palm, over Steve’s bony cheek.
Steve frowns and looks up from Maushmi to fix Tony with a confused look. “Open day?”
would you want me to think that the two of you were screwing? Were you trying to
“This greedy fucking hole of yours is just mine, isn’t it? You’d never let anyone touch you the way that I touch you. No, of course, you wouldn’t. I just worry sometimes, because you’ve got such a pretty cunt, and you take care of me so good, always, and you look so fucking beautiful like this, you look like you’ve been fucked good and hard and put away wet, just like I wanted you to be. It’s not what I wanted,” Steve growls, “not the way I wanted to do this, but you’re right, watching you take my fingers like a fucking pro, watching you swallow me in and tighten up around me and fuck back like you want everything that I can give you, well, there’s nothing sweeter than that. There’s nothing sweeter than you.”
Tony’s heart begins to hammer in his chest, like a hummingbird.
“You really think that’s how it worked, huh?” James gapes at him in disbelief. “You really think that it’s so fucking easy, so fucking
. I have never once doubted that, not from the moment that she told me that she loved me. I don’t need to, and I don’t need to believe your bullshit about
He says no.
They meet at the door.
Steve flushes. “Yeah, you’re right.” He looks at Tony, running his knuckles over his cheek. “I’m sorry. I ruined tonight, didn’t I?”
“Yes,” Tony says, relieved. “Yes, of course, Caroline, sorry. I guess I’m just having one of those mornings.”
“Is this what you wanted?” Steve rasps.
“Do you love me?” James asks, cutting him off, pushing him into stunned silence.
Timely’s a small enough town that they reach school within a matter of five minutes. At the front of the school, a few grade-schoolers, no older than five or sex, all blonde-haired, blue-eyed, the perfect Aryan dream, are playing jump-rope, singing a haunting song that returns the knot to Tony’s belly.
“If you would like to kiss me, I would very much like it if you did,” Tony says, almost shyly.
Tony’s throat flexes.
“So, you lied to me about some fucking emergency at Stark Industries to go and play terrorist with your assassin boyfriend,” Steve says, coldly. “You lied to me and left the kids with you so that you could go for a fucking booty call. And you have the fucking nerve to accuse me of being a shitty father, when you’re the one who stood there and smiled at the twins and
Toni stares at them. “Are you seriously saying that you want to walk out on our wedding so that you can stop this diner from going up in flames and stop something horrible from happening to this girl?”
“Clearly, I failed on that front,” Steve retorts. “Because look at what you were doing when I wasn’t around to pay attention.”
“Any doubts?”
Steve’s throat flexes, and he folds his hands in his lap. “I wanted you to have a better life than the one that I could give you,” he says, honestly.
about myself,” Tony whispers. “I used to… I was stripping myself naked in front of the mirror and staring at myself, at my body, and cataloguing all of my imperfections, all of the reasons why you didn’t want me anymore: my grey hair and my wrinkles and the new fat and how unsexy I must be when I was teaching the kids how to read
“Let me take care of you,” Tony says, seductively.
, I really need your help.”
The plane lurches to the left when Tony steers the wheel sharply in that direction, just as the radar detects anti-aircraft guns hammer the plane.
The nurse slides the needle into his skin, beginning the stitches, and Tony grinds his teeth.
Tony reaches over and spreads the image wide with two fingers.
Tony nods, moaning around Steve’s fingers.
“Are you going to have two weddings?”
To paraphrase Cersei Lannister, it is his fucking turn in the sun, and everyone else can go suck it.
“When we were at Fury’s grave and Natasha gave me the Winter Soldier’s file that she’d found…
Steve’s head jerks up. “Of course I do,” he says, affronted.
“Do you have any idea where you’re going?”
. There’s a crucifix, which Tony assumes belonged to Sarah Rogers. There’s a movie stub from Tony and Steve’s first date. There’s dog tags that have
“You might’ve gone back to Stone,” James retorts. “And then, I would’ve had to kill him, and that would’ve been messy, and I would’ve had to clean all of that up without any of it falling on you-”
Toni snorts. “Oh, yeah, because I’m sure DUM-E’s going to have a field day with the fact that your two best friends are getting married to each other.” She pauses. “Actually, scratch that, because he probably will.”
“Then, that’s progress,” Eshe says, gently. She turns to Steve, who looks almost afraid with what she’s going to say to him. “Steve, do you accept that you have this urge to protect Tony from everything, possibly including yourself, and that urge to protect him means that you often make decisions
“Stretch me,” he orders.
Steve turns around, hearing the noise, and when he sees Tony, his eyes widen,
“You promise?” he asks, roughly, his voice wet, and he pretends like the strange dampness in his eyes is sweat from his hair, his brow. “You promise that neither of you are going to leave me? Not after this? Not after we’re done together.”
Steve grunts, and his cock twitches in Tony’s hand. Tony raises his feet, with a hungry, pulsating intensity, the blood hot in his face, and uses them to drag Steve’s pants off his hips and his ankles, leaving him blessedly naked and pinning Tony to the lumpy mattress below.
“They do have fun. They have a lot of friends, and they seem very happy,” Ms Lewis agrees.
lead now, Steve. And I’m not saying this to compare experiences with you. I’m really not, but I
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Tony asks, flatly. “That’s how you want to start the conversation?”
“What do you say?” Steve asks, hopefully.
,” he says.
? I mean, what’s happening between us, it’s good, isn’t it? Like I said, I love you, and I want the rest of our life to be just like this, and...” He squares his jaw. “I mean, we’ve lost so much, both of us, people we love, and we can’t change that, but we have to keep going, and I want to keep going with
At first, Sam just stares at it.
doctorate?” James teases.
“Come on, Howard,” Maushmi rebukes. “We have raised him well. He might have some… odd pursuits for an omega, but it’s nothing that an alpha would baulk at once they see Stark Industries coming along with him. This would be a good opportunity for him. Who knows, he might be able to find a good alpha officer that will like him, odd pursuits and all? We shouldn’t risk this opportunity.”
Steve’s throat flexes. “I don’t know, the lingerie, the heels,” he leans down, sliding his hand up Tony’s calf. “And you fucking shaved.”
“It was so scary,” Maushmi says, hysterically, abandoning all of her dignity and false bravado. “There were these guys, and they were screaming, and they hurt Wanda, Appa. They hurt her, and they took us, and we bit them, and we were kicking, and they were really, really
“No, Tony,” Steve says, quietly. “I chose
what a disservice that would be to you.”
“How did he take the engagement news?” Steve asks, his hand falling to her hip.
one more time and gets ready for bed.
“What is it?” Toni asks, gently.
,” Tony says, pathetically earnest, but it’s the truth (he knows that, he really does; at the end of everything, even if Steve has gone so far away from him and the life that they were building together, he knows that Steve loves him, will never stop loving him; Steve just isn’t that sort of person). “Things are… things are bad, they
They follow him up the stairs to Tony and Steve’s master bedroom, and Tony throws himself onto the bed, smiling to himself at how he bounces for just a few moments.
kids. They were here, because
believed I was that genius
Tony lifts his head, his smile sad. “I don’t think we could ever be
“For fuck’s sake, don’t
Sam considers him, carefully, and then, the lines of his face, the lines around his eyes in particular, soften.
Tony considers him for a moment. “Come back tomorrow,” he says, after a moment.
The hours pass, and then, days, and Tony is constantly sick, constantly vomiting into a bucket, constantly crying, the grief sickness taking its toll on him.
An omega’s nakedness is nothing to be ashamed of before other omegas, and Tony steps into the bath, the hot water immediately scalding his skin. He sinks in with a sigh, resting his head over the edge.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
He does everything for them; he’d throw himself between them and a train, but it’s
Steve clears his throat. “Yes, it was,” he says, breathlessly.
After a while, his lungs start to burn in protest, and he’s forced to rise desperately through the dark water. When there is no further to go, his hand and his head only hit solid rock, no real air. He feels along with the ceiling of rock, finding nothing. Everything is submerged.
It takes them a couple of months before they bring it up with the kids, after the kids turn five. James becomes a central part of their lives, all of their lives, and it was what Steve and Tony decided to wait for before telling them.
“You definitely look… it, taller, that is,” Tony stammers. He then remembers the clothes that he’s holding. “Here.”
She even groans.
All three adults hold their breath, waiting for the twins to respond.
Natasha nods, solemnly.
“Have you kissed her?” he asks, his voice strained.
Tony makes a face, because it’s not her at all; he loves Wanda. If Tony and Steve have couple friends, they have Sam and Wanda. It’s just that what he’s planning as a surprise for Steve is a little embarrassing, playing into the kinks that had made their sex life so good once before.
Steve does not like this.
“What?”
He makes suggestive comments about how Tony intends to spend his next heat without his brother there to make it all better.
“Yes,” Tony says, immediately, without missing a beat.
Antonia Stark wants him, wants to be with him and love him and have sex with him, Steve Rogers, with his asthma inhaler and body that looks like a good fall would break all the bones on his body and a set of lungs and a heart that makes walking up a flight of stairs painful.
“I thought you might like Italian, but if you’re not feeling it, we can always–”
“That’s not true,” Steve says, with a passion that borders on madness. “Tony, Tony, I love
. I thought, I thought after your heat was done, we could…” he trails off. “I thought… I don’t know what I thought.”
Toni scowled again and held the ring box close to her chest. “Look, if I wanted big diamonds, I would buy them for myself. I don’t need you to do it for me. I like this ring.”
“How do
Tony, out of patience, kicks at his cabinet and sits down on a box to start looking through the files of a bottom-most drawer. When he scoots forward a little to reach the next drawer, the box rustles, as though there is something inside it.
“Yeah,” Tony clears his throat. “Yeah, I was wrong.”
“He’s…” Tony takes a deep, steadying breath. “Steve, he’s having an affair.”
“Fuck, you’re tight,” he wheezes, his hand tightening around Tony’s hip.
Tony is still awake, peering at his tablet, and he looks up, blinking in surprise at the shadow of Steve lingering in the doorway.
, Steve.”
It helps that there are no more lies, no more secrets or skeletons hiding in the closet, no more terrible confessions for them to put out into the world, but it’s important all the same, important for them to make that promise to each other, to promise that there is nothing too awful, too troublesome to keep from each other.
“You are not going anywhere,” Steve says, coldly.
Wanda laughs, high and lilting. “You know, my husband is a counsellor at the VA. You pick up a few things along the way.”
“You’ll tell me, if you need anything, if anything changes,” he says, his voice stern and unmoving.
Steve nods, shyly.
your nurse.”
Steve obeys her, wordlessly, and she reaches out and grabs James’ flesh hand without a hint of fear. Peter takes a little longer, more cautious than his sister, but ultimately takes James’ metal hand, blinking up at him.
stretched very much to the Stark household as well (not that it mattered in the long run, because Tony became terribly competent in getting away from the assholes who were willing to kidnap little children, and it usually ended with the kidnapping location burning to the ground). He barely remembers how she did it, but there’s a ratty old notebook with every page in his mother’s handwriting in his bedside drawer that should help him out.
“Of course not-”
, Grant. I wanted you to stop–stop harassing me the way that you’ve been doing, and that’s the only reason that I, I even came here tonight. You’re wrong. I don’t
Tony stops, when he hears the sound of something clawing at the window. He looks over into the dark of the kitchen, seeing the killer prying at the glass with his knife-fingers, trying to crack the window from the frame.
“Cold,” Maushmi replies, while her brother says the opposite.
Peter’s brow furrows, and his eyes seem over-bright. “What’s going to happen to me?”
Tony’s lips twitch, tip up at the corners, as his eyes brighten. “Don’t you dare stop,” he rasps.
Steve shrugs him off.
Steve falls back onto the mattress, and Tony goes along with him, curled up on his chest. His voice catches, when the knot shifts inside him, when they go down, stretching him almost painfully, still throbbing, still coming, and Steve murmurs a wordless comfort.
“Your son is refusing painkillers,” the nurse says, her voice terse and clipped.
Tony’s throat flexes. “Like I said, my best friend was brutally murdered in my house tonight. I don’t know how I am,” he says, dully.
“Okay, you’re going to get mad at us–” Steve says, soothingly.
“Drop it down here,” Steve advises, motioning towards the nearest side cabinet in the corridor, filled with ceramic vases and strange potted plants and framed drawings that the kids made at school.
Tony claps his hands together. “Okay, I’m happy now. Let’s have sex.”
“We can be friends, can’t we?” he asks, painfully, in a small voice.
, not because of your looks. I’m not going to deny that the abs are a perk, because they were, but you have perks now in the looks department too.”
“You wouldn’t understand. You’re a kid,” is the way that Phillips dismisses him.
hot. You made me think that I was getting ugly, with each day that passed, and
Tony looks down at his hands, clenching hard in the denim of his jeans.
Tony and Steve’s heads both twist in the direction that the voice is coming from.
“That happened on Titan,” Tony murmurs, tasting bile, bitter, at the back of his throat, as he settles back against his pillow.
Tony’s smile digs into his cheeks. “We’ve met before.”
“That’s my boy,” Steve says, with that savage, possessive edge that makes Tony want to come right the fuck now.
Howard’s brow furrows.
job; it’s not like I’m responsible for the livelihood of hundreds of thousands of people across the world; it’s not as though that I revolutionise the world every time I invent something or theorise something. But no, it’s nothing compared to what he does. And I really screwed the pooch by expecting my husband to contribute to our children’s child care, even slightly. He clearly thought I was a shit husband, a shit father, and that I was just drinking wine and watching TV while he was at work and the kids were at school, so why the hell couldn’t I pick the kids up?”
Thor is pulling him away. “Man of Iron–”
It’s like he can’t find words to form on his tongue, and a great sob rises in him, rumbling through his chest and spilling out of him before he can help himself.
that I didn’t kill you?” James asks, incredulously.
Tony sighs. “But there are no monsters in here.”
“-and then, one month later, after we foiled HYDRA’s grand plan to poison Boston’s water supply, you fucked me and then, left the next morning, because you were done with me and I’d outlived my usefulness,” Tony says, coldly.
And then, Steve let him go, smiling pleasantly, folding his hands behind his back.
Steve’s hand travels upward with his phone so that the camera can catch the view.
you, Tony. There is no deserve or not deserve here. It’s just you and me, just the family we have together.”
Tony winces but nods again.
Tony laughs to himself, because it’s either that or his hands start to shake.
“Yeah?” Tony smiles shyly.
He sends Steve a little glower through the dip of his lashes.
Finally, it’s too much for Steve to bear, and he bats Tony’s hand away, leaning down to mouth at Tony’s cock himself. Tony moans and lets his head tip back, hand working its way into Steve’s hair for purchase, unable to keep the lust off his face, flushed and panting and writhing. First, there’s a little sigh of air over the length of his cock, nuzzling at the join of his thigh, just shy of his cock, and then, Steve licks at the head, where the pre-come is beading vociferously, tasting the earthiness.
James blinks up at him. “Are we really going to do that?”
. He even put himself in lingerie that made his ass and his chest look amazing, and he gave his husband a fucking rent boy fantasy, and it wasn’t enough.
She pulls back and pinches his ear, making him wince.
for you, because it means that you’re
?” James stresses.
Maushmi studies his face for a moment. “Did you sleep?” she demands.
Pepper looks up with a flinch. “Fingernails?” She laughs a little, a nervous edge to her voice. “That’s amazing, you saying that. It made me remember the dream I had last night.”
“Shit, shit,” Steve mutters, “okay, uh, we need to get you to a hospital. Come on.”
Tony inclines his head. “Very well.”
Steve kisses him, hotly.
Tony is practically running, his bare feet skidding across the floor, and he rounds the kitchen door, and he’s immediately assaulted with the smell of chilli and boiling pasta.
“Underground,” Tony and Bhim say at the same time.
“I love you,” Steve says, so fiercely that Tony feels it in his bones. “I love you so much.”
Tony’s just watching him throw himself in front of the train. He narrows his eyes.
“Sometimes, I feel like you like this more than you like me,” Steve says, mournfully.
Both can be true at the same time.
“She… she didn’t say, she didn’t get a chance. The last thing was a scream, and then, a thud, and the phone was going dead,” Tony stammers.
Bucky had a poker face on, so she turned to look at Steve, who could always be trusted to spill the beans because he couldn’t lie for shit, and he had a guilty look plastered all over him.
kids from school? Are you angry that I was out and you didn’t know where I was? Are you angry that I was out at
“You should have seen the judgment in his eyes,” he says, the words grating out of him like steel on stone. “Like I should have been waiting at home with the kids for him like a good little husband, preferably with a hot meal ready for him to eat. Like I should never have expected him to pick up the kids, because all I do is play with metal in my workshop, right? I don’t have a
He decides to use it as leverage, memorising the image of his sire whispering sweet nothings to one of the omegas who giggles, her hand curling in his sire’s suit, forming for herself all kinds of dreams where Howard Stark breaks his bond with his brown omega to bond with
“What do you guys want?” he asks, curiously.
“Believe me, you made a mistake. If you would just give me something to placate them. Some bit of information.”
He opens the door and climbs out, leaning over the edge of the window to peer at them.
There’s blood everywhere, up the walls, all over the ceiling, soaking the sheets, pooling in a dark, red-black puddle where Tony had slipped and fallen.
The power flickers on, and Tony is standing in the boiler room again, dank, lined with pipes.
Steve is smaller than specs for the machine, much smaller. He looks over at Abraham. “You save me any of that schnapps?” he jokes, his voice thin.
Steve reaches out, his long, pale fingers sliding into Tony’s hair, and Tony finds his eyelashes fluttering, a sigh building on his lips, his head tipping back.
“Why’d you stop?” he asks, his voice but a whine.
Tony would want him to feel everything and anything that he feels.
“Look, I don’t mean to get involved in your marriage-”
Neither does Tony.
A resident shows up in the room, stares at the situation, and then, proceeds to round on the nurse. “Why is he still up for God’s sake?”
God, sometimes he forgets just how kind Sam and Wanda are.
“I’m sorry?” Tony offers. “I know what Bucky means to you.”
“Those omegas, the ones that you dance with,” Tony begins, chewing on his lower lip, “God, I could see their ribs through their clothes. And I’m a little–”
Tony reaches for Steve’s hand, tangling it with his own, and then, they hightail it out of the office before Fury decides to have them arrested.
There’s something unpleasant churning in his stomach.
to be sorry about,” he says, fiercely. “You saved us. You saved all of us. Fuck, Tony, you saved the whole universe.”
“Wait,” Steve says, when Tony clambers to his feet, tries to escape. “Please, Tony, please don’t leave like this. You don’t understand, you don’t understand what I mean. I don’t mean… it’s not
“Poor Steve,” Obadiah’s voice rings through the boiler room. “He must have been tired.”
He grabs a tea towel out of the drawer, finds the first aid kit under the sink, and runs the towel under the water.
“Uh, Tony, you might want to be careful-”
James scowls. “Don’t talk about yourself like that,” he says, sounding displeased. “All I meant to say is that I always thought you had a thing for dark-haired guys.”
Tony uses the hand that was gripping the arm of the sofa to fish underneath the base, and with a short, thin noise of triumph, he retrieves a small bottle of lube, which he presses into Steve’s hand, almost breathless with anticipation.
He sets them down, his hands falling to the tops of their heads, threading his fingers through their hair.
He drags his eyes down and lingers on his crotch.
“Really?” James asks, his mouth turning down in displeasure.
who didn’t think you were worth being with back in 1940 was a fucking moron.”
“I do,” Toni agrees.
Tony remains silent.
“You’re perfect,” Steve says, decisively, resolve in his eyes, and he kisses Tony’s stomach just to prove a point. “So fuckin’ perfect.”
He says it with such great resolve that Tony sways towards him, out of a desperate need for some human, tangible comfort, but Steve squeezes his hand, and Tony pulls away.
“Yeah, I can reverse the feed. Besides, the bugs are all connected to what I presume is SHIELD’s network, unless they’re monitoring you from a separate network, which I would assume is highly unlikely, because it would require a lot of extra infrastructure. I’m going to rely on an 87% chance that they’re using their own network.”
, he wants to say but he knows it would be too much, crossing a line.
“You were a pain in my ass when you were five too, Rogers. Why don’t you just fucking die?” Obadiah rasps, his face twisted up in hate.
Judging by Steve’s silence, neither does he.
Tony sighs. “I mean, you know about my history?”
What he should do throw the bitch out on her ass for having the temerity to sit there right in front of him with those luminous green eyes of hers and lecture Tony on his marriage, while she’s the one fucking his husband, she’s the snake in their garden (or maybe she’s not, maybe she just took advantage of the fact that this marriage was rotten and fetid for a while, and that’s on him, not on her).
The only thing that stops him is the gun on the table, the gun that hasn’t been addressed yet.
of her ghosts.”
Tony climbs to his feet, a new panicked energy in his body.
Peter huffs. “Of course we do.”
, so it makes sense.
James says it so earnestly that Tony is almost tempted to take him up on his offer, so tempted to let James take care of him, but then, reason wins out, and he shakes his head.
“Just like this is flesh. You are still
“You gave him all the ammunition that he needed. You humiliated me and made me look pathetic and worthless in his eyes, and I could have taken it, if I knew that the reason why you dumped me like I was some whore you were done with was that you weren’t in love with me, that you weren’t interested in being with me like that, but now you’re saying that none of that was true, that you
“Hi, Tony,” she says, carefully.
Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip and reaches between their bodies, grasping at Steve’s cock. The muscle in Steve’s jaw begins to tense, and Tony lifts himself up onto his knees, so that he can position the head of Steve’s cock at his rim. His throat flexes, as he bears down, the blunt pressure of Steve’s cock filling him with friction, the stretch enveloping his body.
Steve breaks character and leans forward, kissing him swiftly on the forehead, and Tony thinks,
“But I thought–”
. He told me that he had to leave because people were after him, and if he’d stayed, if he’d taken me with him, he’d have put me in danger.”
,” she murmurs.
Grant lifts his eyebrow. “What behaviour is that?”
Instead, she looks normal, with her hair pulled back in a braid. She wears a khaki-coloured jacket and jeans and a simple cotton t-shirt.
“You, you were-”
James’ face is gravely earnest. “I’d still kill him if you asked it of me.”
Steve is still Captain America, because at the end of the day, what he was as Captain America was nothing physical, had nothing to do with the serum or his muscles or his ability to forty miles per hour – it has everything to do with what’s on the inside, all the things that Tony loves about him, his kindness and his goodness and his sense of justice and honesty and his persistence and determination, especially where those he loves are concerned.
“Yeah, you would be. Are you okay with that?” Bucky asks, scrubbing the tears from his eyes.
“Tony, you need a hall pass!”
It makes Tony uncomfortable to say the least.
“I told you, fucking hold him still!”
“I love what you do to me in this bed,” he demurs, staring up at him through the dip of his dark lashes.
raises Toni’s hackles.
Tony nods.
“I guess… I guess I would’ve thought that I was a rebound,” he says, recalling how earlier he’d said those words aloud, even in the present context. “I guess I would’ve thought I was second choice, that he was just using me to get over his first love, that I would always come second to him. I probably would’ve thought I was the consolation prize. I… I have settled for a lot of shit in my life, and I probably would’ve settled for being Steve’s rebound, but it doesn’t mean that I would’ve been happy about it.”
He’s not Steve, but he still has its secrets to hide.
Tony startles. “What are you talking about?”
“Absolutely not,” Tony declares.
“I can never thank you enough for what you did for them, Wanda.”
“Online,” Tony explains, breezily. “A very discrete store that sells these sorts of things. Steve,” he says, gently. “Are you really curious about the consumer market for men’s lingerie? Don’t you want to, uh, make use of the purchase that we already have?”
all the reasons why you should leave me?” he asks, incredulously.
“Fuck,” Steve sighs, his hips pressed right up against her, as he finishes coming, and when he withdraws from her, some of his come leaks out.
Steve grinds his teeth, and there’s a little strain to the gulp of air that he takes in.
Tony scowls. “Don’t talk about him like that.”
“Tony,” Steve says, reaching for him, and then, he’s on his knees, in front of him, hands resting in Tony’s lap, head bowed. “Tony, I swear to you, on our children’s lives, that I have never touched Natasha, not in the way that you’re thinking. I have never slept with her, never thought of her as anything but a friend.”
“You don’t understand.”
, at least.
Wanda tilts her head in his direction.
that anyone would even think to take them. They’re four, they’re fucking four and they don’t know anything and they’re probably scared, and I am
“I said
fucking Natasha. Stop changing the subject!”
Howard’s face falls.
“Why didn’t you tell Tony about Bucky, about who he was to you, what he meant to be you?” Eshe asks, patiently, fearlessly.
Steve shifts so that Tony can rest his head on his chest, his hand cradling the crown of Tony’s head. “I never doubted you,” he says, honestly.
James scowls. “What did I tell you about thanking me?” he asks, sternly.
“I won’t,” Tony swears.
“Let’s get out of here!” Steve calls out.
But it’s almost anti-climactic the way that Stone dies, and he just wants to see Toni, to wrap his arms around her and kiss her until she’s making that whining noise against him or watch some dystopian movie with her, so that she can mercilessly mock each and every character’s decision for the full two and a half hours.
“Okay, then, I’ll be back at 11:30 for the parade,” Tony says, watching the entrance carefully, before his eyes dip down to catch Peter and Maushmi’s eyes.
“That’s not how my father saw me,” he says, derisively. “He never let me forget how stupid I had been. So, you look at me and you saying that you left for my own good, that you couldn’t let him ruin my life for me, I think that is
,” Tony says, sharply, “no, I know what I saw, and I know what I think, and I think… I need to go and speak to Natasha. She’s the, she’s the only one who knows what happened in that bedroom last night, and we don’t, we don’t believe that she killed her, right? We don’t believe that Natasha killed Pepper?”
Tony doesn’t know how to answer her.
He looks over his shoulder and walks over to the door, making sure that it’s suitably locked so that they won’t be walked in on. When he turns back around, Steve is already through her window and planted on his bed, stretching out like a cat. Tony throws himself on top, so that he can drape his arms and legs all over Steve.
Tony smiles, widely, a faux, thin-lipped one. “You know me. I’m always absent-minded, especially when I get into something. I was doing something in the workshop, and I must have lost track of time, so I went to the kitchen to fix myself something to eat, and I guess I just left it in the bathroom.”
The teacher glares at them until they fall silent. “Can it,” she snaps.
“So,” Tony lets his voice slip into a sultry quality. “What would you like me to do for you, baby? I’m all yours for tonight.”
“I want you,” Tony says, bluntly. “We haven’t had sex in ages.”
Steve snorts. “They really wouldn’t agree with that,” he mutters under his breath.
“It’s okay.”
Caroline clucks her tongue. “I understand. God, getting these kids up and to school, it’s a job of its own, isn’t it? Is it just you today?” she asks, mock-innocently, as if she doesn’t already know that it’s always Tony who comes to drop the kids off at school and he’s always alone.
The faux Hitler rushes at him.
, Tony thinks, as Bhim approaches.
“I explained that,” Steve says, stonily. “I was told that we couldn’t tell
“This is proof.” Tony’s throat flexes. “This is the palace in Dwārakā. This is an underground city. This is the palace that existed in
“If?” Steve raises an eyebrow.
Steve sinks onto the bed, perching himself on the edge, running his hand through his thick, golden hair.
Tony twists his hand, and Pepper, who always has his back, who knows his mind even before he knows it, presses the band into his hand, the same time as Steve is turning, with his ring clutched between his index finger and thumb.
for me? Are you fucking kidding me?” Tony laughs, short and sharp. “That night, you came to bed; you fucked me, and then, when I woke up, the bed was empty. It was completely fucking empty. The apartment was empty. There was no note. I was scared something had happened to you, so I went looking. I went to your place. I went to the university. And then, I realized that something hadn’t happened to you at all. You’d
Word Count: 4427
“Look at him! He’s making me cry,” Phillips complains.
“Sam… was really not okay with the idea of me flying to Afghanistan. So, one night, he said that we should go out for a drink; he wanted me to have a nice night out, preferably a drunk night out, so that I could let go of all the, uh, stress that I’d been feeling, I suppose.” Steve rubs the back of his neck. “That night, I met Tony for the first time.”
James leans forward, his face curdling. “What sort of life is that, Tony?” he hisses, full of rage. “Being a doormat, a fucking doll for him to play with? Is that what you really want from life?”
Steve pushes himself out of the bed, looming over him, naked and unashamed.
“Of course.”
Before Tony can even do something smart, like fist his hand in Rumlow’s shirt and drag the bastard down with him, Rumlow is pushing him down, through the hole, and he yells out, as he’s suddenly caught in freefall, tumbling through something like thirty feet.
“And I said,” Tony grinds his teeth. “I said I can’t do this here. I can’t do this around my kids.”
“But it
“No, no, he didn’t.”
“No, Appa,
“I remember.”
“What? I’m just asking,” Steve says, defensively.
“Tony,” Steve says, sternly, “you know the rules.”
“I know,” Sam tells him, generously, and reaches out for him, squeezing his shoulder. “Thank you for telling me everything. I really do appreciate it.”
need to do.”
Tony jerks up, his eyes blinking fast and wide. “What?”
“James, are you angry at Steve?”
,” Bucky says, his shoulders slumping.
Maybe he’s as much of a shitty father as he is a shitty husband.
So, now, to be faced with the beautiful redhead, with a heavy bust and a gorgeous, searching smile and a well-toned body, much more toned than Tony, who might have slowly let himself go as the children started to get older and there always seemed to be peanut butter everywhere. A beautiful redhead that can steal Steve off at work, unattached and carrying no strings, is able to focus all of that steely attention on Steve and Steve alone, who could show Steve the life beyond bedtime stories and sandwiches with the crusts cut off and fuck him senseless to boot.
“Okay, that’s good, isn’t it? That’s what we want,” Steve insists.
Steve sits on the couch, his hands folded into his lap, primly. In front of him, on the coffee table, is a yellow envelope and a gun.
smart for Mensa. When you first came to me and asked me to help you, I realised that I was getting myself involved in some serious shit, that I was pissing people off that would probably try to kill me because I tried to meddle. I
“Still, when we started dating, we set ground rules. If I asked you out on a date, I got to pay, but if you asked me out, you got to pay. Considering that I asked you to dinner today, I’m pretty sure the obligation where payment is concerned falls onto me.”
He thinks that Tony is just going to believe some tall tale about how Natasha is the receptionist that takes care of everyone in the office, how they barely know each other, how she grew up in the south so she’s a little more touchy-feely than people in New York might be.
Maushmi stares at the photo, a rapid-fire sequence of emotions passing over her face, before it twists up, mutinous.
“His arm is badly cut. Look, just let me stay with him. He’s my boyfriend–”
“That… you think that was a fantasy?”
James nods. “Same guy.”
Natasha grins, fleetingly, showing her straight white teeth. “You’re right.” She falls silent. “I don’t have feelings for him. Not romantic, just friendly ones. I love him, but I’m not in love with him.”
“When I got back from what I was doing with James yesterday, Steve had already dropped off the kids. We fought, we fought a lot, and I explained some of it to Steve, but he… he was really convinced that I was sleeping with him. I got angry with him for not trusting me, and I tried to leave, but he grabbed by arm. I got irrationally panicked when he did that, or maybe not so irrationally. I have…” He looks away, staring at the nearest wall like there’s something there that really interests him. “I have a history with it, the abuse, an ex-boyfriend, my father. I have a history with that sort of thing and I didn’t react well when he grabbed my arm.”
Steve looks like Phillips just punched him across the face, his face falling, his scent souring.
“I look forward to it,” he says, breathlessly.
When he looks up, Steve looks shocked, and then, his face crumples so quickly, so painfully.
Tony shrugs. “I’ll sleep in study hall. You know I know everything already. Besides,” he hesitates, “I’d rather keep busy if I can.”
“Yeah, well, I’m a slut. I’m okay with that, though, because it means that I know exactly what I’m talking about and what I’m doing when we have sex.”
, I’m not denying it, but he… he really does love me,” Tony says, stumbling over his own words.
Steve nods to himself. “So, uh, does that mean that you’re free to go out to dinner tonight?” he asks, straightening, lips pursing thin, jaw setting in resolve.
“I don’t know. I’m not an expert on fucking mine trains, Tony!”
“So, you lied,” Peter accuses.
Steve flinches. “I didn’t. I haven’t,” he says, softly, earnestly. “I know… I know I kept things from you. I know I should’ve told you about SHIELD. I can tell you now that I was trying to protect you, to shield you and the kids, but… I would never have touched anyone else, Tony.
Tony shrugs. “Wealth doesn’t make that easier, you know? When people treat you like shit, and you begin to internalise it, and it’s all you know when you think about yourself.” He clears his throat. “After a little while, I met Steve at a bar. You were there that night, remember?”
Steve nods, and his eyes are dark at the memory, just a pale blue ring around his black, black pupils. “I filmed me fucking you, how your hole wrapped around my cock,” he says, his voice barely a rasp. “How you fucked yourself like I was just a glorified fucking dildo, the only thing that put air in your fucking lungs, how you moaned and sobbed for me, all the filthy things that you let me do to you.”
Eshe nods. “So, not in any substantial way?”
Tony can feel it, feel his erection, pressing up against the dip between his thigh and his hips – this isn’t how it was supposed to be.
Tony blinks at him, and he only sees Grant; he doesn’t see Steve, he promises himself.
