Dean cleared his own throat and stepped forward, holding out a hand palm up to Castiel. “I—can’t believe I’m gonna say this, because it’s so corny, but…can I uhh. Have this dance?”
“I’ll allow it,” Dean sleep-slurred back. He shifted, turning his head to face Castiel, squinting open one eye. “Time’s it?”
“I’ll text him,” Dean deflected, and Sam threw up his hands. “Claire’s at school keeping an eye out. Apparently, it’s pep rally day. Go Vikings,” he added, deadpan.
“She’s not picking up,” said Jack from the doorway.
Sam shook his head. “Well, whatever, that’s not really how Power of Attorney works. It’s more for—”
“I know ya did,” answered Dean with a little chuckled sigh.
“Yeah, well,” said Dean. He shrugged. “Cause it is.”
“It’s—” Castiel started, then slowly sat up. His eyes were beginning to mist over as he looked from Dean to the turntable and back. “When you were—”
Castiel blinked, eyes narrowing curiously. “What?” he parroted.
“I picked up a few things while I was human,” Castiel answered. “And I have a lot of energy.”
“You’re gonna cook for me?”
“Can we—I was wondering—” Castiel tried, but finally broke the kiss to pull back and catch Dean’s gaze.
“Uhh…” Sam turned to Jack, who was swaying on his feet, eyes closed. “Jack?
"Dean, I've flown through galaxies and nebulae. I've skipped across time the way humans skip stones on a pond--I've been in the spaces where the ripples touch, where circles upon circles collide and multiply into infinity. I've fought countless wars--I was assigned to be a soldier, and before I met you, it was all I'd ever known. The mission. The Holy Decree. And I never questioned it. Never once. And then I was handed down a mandate from Heaven to pull a man from Hell--the man meant to be my brother's vessel, who'd bring about the apocalypse and defeat the Devil once and for all." A strange kind of shame crawls across Dean's features, and I shake my head. He tries to draw his hands back, but I tighten my grip.
“No, you’re not hearing me,” Dean growled low. “I mean I
“Exactly,” said Sam. He held up his palms. “I’m not saying he’s not dangerous. I mean, he’s
“M—fine,” said Castiel, catching his breath as Dean snagged him around the waist. The pair of them staggered into the bedroom and over the bed, Dean lowering them both in a heavy slump to the mattress. Castiel groaned and flopped onto his back.
“Flirts with you.”
Will the years treat us well
“I’m—” Castiel began, but his climax cut him off. He angled his body backwards and held onto Dean’s thighs for purchase, letting out a loud wail of pleasure as he came.
Castiel moved to get the empty cups, but Dean reached out and caught his hand, saying, “Don’t, it’s okay—” before he realized himself and quickly released Castiel, dropping his hands to his lap.
Dean blinked at him, so Castiel smiled and continued, voice softening fondly. “I’ve thought about this, Dean. And I have a lot more practice at it this time.”
“I guess he just doesn’t think it’s, I dunno, practical or something,” said Dean with a shrug, unconsciously mirroring Sam’s posture. “He just like, mojos them clean or something.”
“It ain’t for the taste,” said Dean with a smirk. Castiel gave him a side-eye and he shrugged, downing the rest of his glass. “Alright,” he said again, reaching for the bottle. “Who’s up for round two?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “C’mon, man.”
“Semantics, Sammy,” said Dean. “They’ll getcha every time.”
“Hilarious,” said Dean, rolling his eyes. They kept shuffling down the hallway and finally paused before Dean’s room while he carefully reached to fidget with the handle.
“I agree with Dean,” said Castiel, finally, quietly.
Position: Song 3 on side 1
“Yeah,” said Sam, chewing on the inside of his cheek. “Cas, we don’t like it either. But we—”
“Your lips are blue,” Castiel said softly. “And you’re shaking.” He shrugged away the towel on his shoulder and reached to fold Dean’s numb hands in his own warm ones. “Dean, you’re
“You…guess?”
“Dean,” Castiel goaded again.
Album: Abbey Road (1969)
“Come on, man. Don’t change the subject. This is important—”
“It happens,” said Dean, smirking, watching Castiel. From the bedroom, a soft guitar found its way to the shower, muffled beneath the sound of the water. He let his hand trail lazily out of Castiel’s hair and down the side of his face, fingertips grazing stubble. He stopped there, briefly, to thumb over Castiel’s jawline, then let his fingers trace their way down Castiel’s goosebumped arm. “Hey,” he said softly, taking Castiel’s hand.
“Mmm,” Dean hummed into Castiel’s neck. Castiel slipped one hand up into the back of Dean’s hair and took a slow, deep breath, savoring the moment. After some time, Castiel murmured something in Enochian softly into Dean’s temple, then kissed him there.
“I think—” Cas tried again, and again Dean made it difficult on them both: rolled his hips, twice this time, quicker and more rhythmically, and he grazed his teeth along the side of Cas’s neck.
“Tick tock,” said the shadow. “I’m not a patient man.”
“Not anymore,” said Castiel with a grin.
Dean finally emerged from his room and snagged a few books from the War Room table. No one said anything when he retreated to the library to read them, alone and in silence, in front of the growing crystal’s soft purple light.
Castiel tilted his head. “I’m just getting started,” he said. Without looking away from Dean he slipped his hand between Dean’s legs, palming slowly up over his length through his jeans, and Dean gasped. Castiel smiled, and it was dark. He broke Dean’s gaze just long enough to find the button and zipper of his jeans, and made quick work of them both before hooking the fingers of both hands into beltloops and jerking them partway down.
“We’ll get him back,” said Sam, insistent. “We’ll figure something out.”
“Can’t even insult me right,” Dean smirked, mumbling.
“Messy? Painful? Frustrating?” Castiel cut him off. “I know. But it’s also what you are.”
They fell into silence after that, sipping coffee, and avoiding each other’s gaze.
Dean snorted and shook his head, smiling awkwardly. He looked down at nothing and after a moment, his face smoothed over seriously. Dean licked his lips and looked back up to Castiel. “How about now?”
“Cas,” said Dean, cutting him off. “This is great. I just don’t want to stay that long, you know? Not ready to be away for a while yet.” He took Castiel’s hand and settled beside him.
“Get over what?”
Sam shook his head. “No. But I’ve called all the burners twice. He has to have heard one of them.”
Castiel huffed out a breath and grit his teeth, and slowly the pain receded into a dull thrum, almost like a throbbing bruise deep in his core. “Nothing,” he said, and stood. “How are
“What?”
Sam and Jack stood staring slack-jawed at Castiel as his shoulders heaved with rage. His face was coated in a thin layer of ash from standing too close to the fire, and though he was no longer crying, the evidence of tears was in the clean lines carving through the soot on his cheeks. He started to pace around the burnt circle on the floor.
“Northeast, with Bobby,” said Sam. “I wanted to keep her out of this thing with Michael. Keep her safe until we knew you and Cas were both out of the woods.”
Rowena smiled and cast a glance over her shoulder at the shelves of books. “Fret not, Dean-y. I’ve plenty to keep me busy.”
“Just
“You’re the one who said ‘yes,’” Dean reminded, grinning.
Sam rolled his eyes but went to snag a pan and moved to light the stove. “Jerk.”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed and he sat up, rigid. “What about Belial? That’s not a name I’ve heard in—well, millennia.”
Castiel needed no more in the way of explanation. This universe vibrated as Heaven had before their father left. It sounded pure, perfect—whole. “I understand,” he said softly.
“Hey,” said Dean, setting the book aside. He reached to cradle Castiel’s chin and lift it to bring their eyes together. “We’ll find something. We will. We’ll fix this.”
“I’m sorry,” said Castiel. “But we have a role for you, still.”
When the shot from Claire rang out, the final wolf, the one fighting Sam, seemed to deliberate: it leapt backwards from Sam and hissed, defensively, seeing that it was outnumbered. It seemed he was about to attempt an escape when his body went rigid, his eyes grew cloudy, dark, and fixed with violent rage. At the same time, from somewhere in the darkened exterior of the warehouse, a phrase in Latin rang out.
Jack grinned and passed Castiel a slice, and then Sam, before cutting his own. “I’m very good at following directions.”
“Samuel,” said Rowena, finally lifting her hand from the angel’s mouth. “Get the syringe.”
“S’a song,” said Dean.
“Okay,” said Jack, looking wide-eyed from Castiel to Sam before turning to take off down the hall.
“Okay,” said Jack, and turned around to face stacks of books and papers scattered across the library floor. “Uhh. Which one?”
“Dean, he needs to breathe.”
“Um—that book in the floor,” he said tensely.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said again, voice low. “It’s—”
“Promise?”
“He will, Dean,” said Sam. He tapped the syringe in his finger idly, then moved to put a cap on the needle and set the entire thing down into a larger jar to keep it upright while the grace separated.
“Yeah,” echoed Dean, too tired and overwhelmed to emote more than that, though he allowed a seed of relieved hope to plant itself in his chest.
Michael’s smile slipped away into a dark, quiet rage that unsettled Dean to his core. “You still have something that belongs to me,” he said. “And I’d like it back.”
“Hey, two for one sale,” Dean Winchester said, flashing a shit-eating grin over his shoulder at the angel in the trench coat behind him. He proceeded to snag four, not two, bags of spicy pork rinds.
Dean looked up to find Jack seated on Castiel’s shoulders, the pair of them staggering awkwardly around as Jack stretched for a tree branch, trying to shake down the stuck frisbee. He smirked and shook his head, draining his beer. “They’re gonna hurt themselves.”
“What?” panted Dean, sitting up just slightly. Castiel curled his fingers inside him, and he shivered.
“Forty years in Hell time,” nodded Dean. “What would be, like, a day?”
Dean snorted. “Right.” He stared at the little oasis, grinning wider than he meant to, and finally beamed back up at Castiel. “Thank you. Where’d you get all this stuff?”
“Uh-huh.”
“Oh, come on—”
“Is it good?” asked Jack, eyes widening. “I followed the box exactly.”
“So…was that it?”
Song: "Dancing in the Moonlight"
“No,” said Sam, firmly. He leveled his gaze with Castiel. “He won’t last without you. This is as much for him as it is because we care about you.”
“It’s not like,” Dean started, still fighting back the creature beneath his skin, “It’s not like I didn’t—like we didn’t know, you know?” He swallowed. “More profound bond, or something,” he quoted awkwardly. “Just—I don’t know, Cas. To say it makes it true.”
” Dean repeated, yelling.
Dean kissed the back of Castiel’s hand and lay back on the blanket, looking from the stars to Castiel and back. “Well, you got me alone,” Dean conceded. “What are you gonna do with me?”
It was Castiel’s turn to find himself smiling unintentionally, but instead of being caught by Sam or Claire, it was Dean who looked up to notice the angel’s heart-eyed gaze. “Uhh—Cas?” Dean mumbled, his own ears growing hot and red.
“No you don’t,” said Sam simply, slamming the door. Before Dean could make a counter-argument he’d started the car, and Dean slid into the passenger seat in defeat.
“We need to regroup,” Sam finally said after a few minutes of uncomfortable silence. “Figure out a plan.”
Dean smiled again and closed his eyes, not sleeping, but content to listen as the tape settled on something gentler with flutes and soft acoustic guitars. The train finally passed and the car once more rumbled down the road. He was nearly asleep again by the time a few songs had played through but was jarred from the easy comfort of the music and the Impala’s vibrations when the tape suddenly stopped, then started again a few moments later at the beginning of the song that had just ended. Dean didn’t think much of it until, minutes later, the song was rewound and replayed a second time, and then a third. He opened his eyes and looked over to Castiel, now bathed in darkness, one hand on the wheel, the other hovering near the tape deck.
“I’ll get started on the hex bags. No use wasting the night,” he continued, wishing bitterly that in that moment he had his wings, that he could just disappear. The walk to the door felt like a humiliating slog through a river of molasses. “Cas!” He heard from behind him, and Dean’s scramble to rise, but the barely-furnished home was small; he was at the threshold more quickly than expected, shutting the door behind him and disappearing into the suburban almost-darkness, envying the fireflies their flight the whole walk down the drive.
“I’ll get you another,” said Castiel, reaching out for the cup. “You’ve been possessed by an archangel who doesn’t need to eat or drink,” he said as he went once more into the bathroom, his voice dulling around the corner. “Your body is realizing it.” Castiel came back, this time with a second paper cup. He gave one to Dean and set the other on the nightstand, then sat on the edge of the other bed, facing Dean. He watched as Dean quickly gulped down the second cup, then reached for the third and chugged it as well.
Late that evening, Castiel was lounging comfortably in bed, shirtless and cozy in flannel pajama pants, reading the paper when he stumbled across what might be a case: a possible haunting at the local morgue and crematorium. He leaned forward and pulled the cap of his pen off with his teeth and spread the paper on the bed between his knees, moving to circle it. As he did, Dean opened the door and stepped into the room, smiling when he caught sight of Castiel.
“Soccer moms,” grumbled Dean. “They’re all insane.”
Castiel stared back at him, then smiled—a little proudly and a little sadly. “I think you may be right,” he said, turning his gaze back to the horizon.
“A third?” Dean asked around a sip of coffee. “We have a second already?”
Dean was silent for a moment. He took a large sip of his whiskey and shook his head, grumbling finally, “Can’t argue with that one.”
“Huh,” said Dean with a little breathless laugh, watching Castiel. Castiel said nothing. His smile faded into a thin, resolved press of his lips and he lowered his chin, arching one brow at Dean and staring at him, eyes intense. “What—” Dean began, but found himself strangled, his back arching up off the floor unintentionally, as Castiel reached beneath his boxers and gripped him hard, never breaking eye contact.
“How many more times must we wound each other, must we
“Absolutely,” said Sam.
“Hey, you’re up,” said Sam with a little grin. “How you feeling?”
“What?” asked Dean.
“Warehouse, corner of Fifth and Maine,” said Sam. “Bring witch-killing and silver bullets. And an angel blade. Gotta—” and then the line disconnected in a fuzzy crunch.
“The Sons of Darkness and Sons of light slaughtered each other,” continued Sam. “Down to the last demon and angel. Except,” he held up a finger and reached to tap a paragraph toward the bottom of the book in front of Dean, “for Belial, and the commander of the Sons of Light: Michael.”
“More dead ends,” sighed Sam. “Plenty on how to remove angelic grace. Nothing on how to do it without removing Castiel’s too.”
“Let him go,” Castiel growled.
“Okay, it’s just—he isn’t good at this, you know th—”
Sam took a step forward and grabbed Dean by the shoulders again, giving him a hard shake. “Take a breath and
“How do you know?” said Dean, voice a cracked whisper. “How am I supposed to know?”
“Then we make a new plan,” said Sam. He cleared his throat. “Look, man, I know you’re spun out—I am too, but we gotta—”
“What?” asked Dean, accusatory.
Back in the bunker, he dropped the beer and one of the bottles in the fridge and filled a couple of glasses with ice, toting those and the second bottle back to his room. Sam was standing over Castiel, his hand on his forehead, and Dean’s stomach turned.
“Thank you, Sam,” said Castiel, reaching out to take the vial almost ceremoniously. He rolled it in his palm for a moment, then looked back at Dean. “It’s—strange,” he said softly. “I’d actually gotten used to being human.”
Castiel looked up to meet Dean’s gaze and stared blankly for a moment, but then curled his lips into a small, challenging grin. He arched a brow. “Are you?”
Dean didn’t answer immediately. He searched Castiel’s features for a long while before finally asking, “You want this?”
“I know you do.”
“You got it,” said Dean. He clapped Sam on the shoulder as he stepped around him and out into the hallway, feigning nonchalance. Once outside, he hesitated a moment and then angled his head to peek back into the room, casting one last glance over Castiel, watching as Sam took a seat in his chair and hunched forward to watch the angel. Finally satisfied, he nodded to himself, and struck out for the garage.
“Okay,” said Dean, skeptically. “Can you open your eyes?”
“Cas, don’t listen to him! It’s a trick! You know it’s a trick,” called Sam, and suddenly there was a hand on his shoulder, pulling him back from the fire. “You know he’s just trying to get under your skin. Don’t let him.”
In the kitchen, Dean sighed, and Sam saw his shoulders slump as he opened the fridge door, pulling out two beers, then hesitating, and snagging a third.
“That’s a good idea,” agreed Castiel, though he didn’t look away from Dean. He dropped his hand from Dean’s cheek and gingerly slipped it and his other beneath both of Dean’s hands, lifting them up to inspect the damage.
“Is it working?”
“I’m fine,” said Castiel, stoic. He didn’t even look up from the book.
“Uhh—cut up some limes?”
“What’s wrong?” Jack asked, brows knitting. He pushed a bunch of witch hazel and aster into a coffee mug that read, in Old West lettering,
“Yes,” said Castiel. He nodded tensely. “It’ll take more than one.”
“Okay, let’s do it,” said Dean. He leaned forward to steal another quick kiss before scooting off the bed.
Dean shivered with his whole body and nodded into a deep, hot kiss, licking and gasping into Castiel’s mouth like it was the first time, or the last. He braced an elbow beside Castiel’s head for balance and ground his hips into Castiel’s erection, pulling a loud moan from the almost-angel.
He stopped short at the door and his stomach dropped. Castiel was sprawled on his back across the seat, head lolled backwards, mouth open. Blood and grace ran out of his nose and closed eyes in an odd mixture—the grace hovering like smoke, the blood drying and cracking beneath it. His left arm hung limply off the side, knuckles dragging the floor. His left leg, too, hung off the seat, and his right crooked at an odd angle that Dean was sure meant something in it was broken. Dean stood staring, unable to make himself move.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean grumbled, still holding Castiel down. “C’mon c’mon c’mon.”
Across the street, Castiel stared back in silence. It was interrupted by an old truck wheezing between them, then the quiet resettled, and Castiel spoke. “I thought I’d be home before you woke.”
“I’m alright,” Castiel answered. He snorted. “Very human.”
“You don’t like it?” said Castiel, more confused than crestfallen. “I don’t understand,” he mumbled, almost to himself. “You love chick flicks.”
“Yeah, that’s not happening,” interrupted Dean, his voice a low growl. Behind him, Castiel gripped his arm and squeezed.
“Yes,” said Castiel, eyeing Dean. “I—realize it sounds too obvious—”
“Are you alright?” called Jack from across the room, where Sam had instructed him to stay. “It felt like an earthquake…”
He blinks at me and shakes his head. I press on. "Please, Dean. Would you like me to stop?"
“I know,” said Sam, broken. He wrapped both arms around his brother, too tight to be an embrace. Sam was becoming Dean’s straitjacket. “I know.”
He turned away from watching his brother and his angel in the kitchen to go back to his room, and he wondered if they disappeared entirely when he wasn’t looking. If a tree falls in an empty forest, does it make a sound? If Dean Winchester hallucinates his family, do they exist only when he’s there? He couldn’t know. If he turned around, he was sure they’d still be there because his mind thought they
“Okay,” Sam said, gaze shifting from the angel to his brother. “Well, if you need anything, Cas…”
“Mmm. Sour,” said Dean. “You got a name for this, Cas?”
He’s human now, but he still notices the way Dean looks him over, the way his eyes linger a little too long when Cas is unbuttoning his shirt. And Cas wants him to notice—but he doesn’t want Dean to know he wants him to notice—and the whole thing feels very mortal and messy.
“Yep,” said Sam. He knocked on the doorframe as he left, the pulled the door closed behind him.
“I suppose I didn’t die, then,” Castiel said simply, then sat up, loosening Dean’s grip. “Why am in a tub?”
Minutes passed, and back in the library, the flash returned, along with Sam and Dean.
“Yeah,” said Dean, though he sounded unconvinced. “Still.”
“So what does that mean?” asked Sam. Jack returned from the air conditioner and took a seat beside Castiel.
“You’re going to be on the phone with us, yeah,” said Sam. Jack tried to protest, and Sam held up a finger. “But—you’re going to be tracking Michael. We can’t focus on all those spells at once. This is really important, Jack. You up for it?”
“Oh, interesting. Your Nephilim’s still powered down.” Michael tilted his head in genuine interest. “Tell me—Jack, was it? What’s that like?”
Castiel turned to Sam then as well, winking at him out of Jack’s view. “Thank you for your part as well, Sam. What a lovely surprise.”
” Jack beamed, and a warmth spread through Dean with the realization that this was Jack’s first experience with Funfetti.
Cas reached up to snag one of Dean’s arms and pull him down, sending him crashing into his chest. “That you’re too far away,” Cas whispered.
“You know I do,” said Dean, taking Castiel’s hand.
“I’ll get you some water,” said Sam, loping out of the room.
“I don’t care,” snapped Dean. “Eat. We’re leaving in five whether you’re finished or not.”
“Cas—” Dean gulped, starting to thrust his fingers and hips in a slow rhythm.
“Seriously?” Dean balked, but Sam was already walking away, Claire in tow. He blinked back to Castiel, who was already heading the other direction, back towards the Impala.
The high of the morning’s victory wore off quickly, and Dean’s impatience reached its peak. Again, he found himself pacing back and forth in the library, chugging coffee, unable to focus long enough to join the others in their research. Rowena promised to stick around and help with researching ways to kill an archangel until they’d gotten Castiel back in one piece, just in case, but spent most of her time outside the bunker—“communing with the elements for guidance,” she said. Dean thought it sounded like bullshit, and he told Sam as much.
“Hungry,” said Castiel, meeting Dean’s gaze with dark eyes. “And not wanting to get caught.”
“As I said,” said Rowena, thinly patient. “It could be a few days, it could be a few weeks.”
“I dunno,” said Dean. He sighed and hung his head. “Make some coffee. Start diggin’ in the lore.”
“Are you uncomfortable?” Claire wondered, passing over a bottle.
“Okay, c’mon Cas.”
“Huh,” said Dean, taking a few steps toward the sea to let an incoming wave tickle his toes. “Water’s warm.”
, and then worst pain he’d ever known of a different kind—something deep in his human chest, threatening to split him apart. Finally, Michael’s voice in his ear, taunting,
A soft purplish light settled like a haze over the room, and Michael’s face contorted like he was choking. “What—” he coughed, and then his eyes rolled back, and his head hung forward. The archangel was bound and silent.
They had the hotel until check-out at noon, so after the boys had eaten their fill, Castiel suggested they catch a few hours of sleep before they hit the road for the fifteen-hour drive home. Sam took one for the team and borrowed a roll-away cot from the front desk to give Jack and Dean the beds, and despite his time spent unconscious, Dean was the first to fall asleep, followed closely by Jack. They were both snoring contentedly, dead to the world, before Sam had finished making up his cot. Castiel sat quietly at the table, idly flipping through the pages of a spell book they’d brought along.
, didn’t—”
“Come a little closer,” beckoned Michael. “These flames won’t hold me much longer, and my quarrel’s not with you. Well—unless you keep pestering me about the vessel. You are
“I’m so tired of being in that room,” said Castiel in answer.
“I told him to crash a couple hours ago,” said Sam, toasting Castiel before taking a swig. “That spell did more of a number on him than he wants to let on. Where’s Dean?”
“And what’s in it for you?” interrupted Belial, paying Dean no heed.
“Dude, what happened with Cas?” Sam demanded as soon as Dean arrived at the library the next morning.
“Wait, why me?” asked Sam, settling.
“Okay,” said Sam. He nodded at Jack and the pair of them grabbed half of the stack each and settled at the table opposite of Castiel, beginning to read.
“It is,” said Castiel dryly. “I did the math. He has an eighty-nine point seven seven nine percent chance of landing in the circle.”
Castiel was quiet for a moment, then mumbled, “Fine,” but Dean didn’t relent.
“Whatever,” said Dean. “Don’t wanna talk about this.”
“See you guys in the morning,” said Sam, and at his voice Dean stuffed himself back into normalcy.
“We need a spell.”
“Different kind of spell,” said Dean. He pulled out an old compass and opened it, then pulled out two small vials—one containing a few dark hairs, the other full of some kind of pulpy, green liquid. Dean knelt and set the compass in the grass, placed one of the hairs inside it, then poured some of the liquid over the whole thing while muttering something under his breath. While he corked everything back up and put it away, the liquid began to steam and hiss, and beneath the glass, the compass’s arrow began to spin wildly—finally stopping and pointing resolutely off in one direction.
“I’m gonna kill him,” Dean hissed. Sam hauled him to his feet, and Dean let him—let himself be all but dragged back into the bunker. He heard nothing but his heartbeat in his ears, the sound of Castiel’s wails and bones breaking. He saw nothing but red. “I’m gonna rip him apart.”
Rowena set them up in the dungeon, surrounded by Devil’s traps and warding sigils. Instead of the interrogation chair, in the center of the trap was a small, round table draped in a black cloth with white occult markings. In the middle, a bronze goblet etched with more sigils. Four black candles flanked the goblet, a black scrying mirror was propped behind it, and a silver ritual knife sat near the edge.
“It isn’t fair,” he said, and opened his eyes to glare at Castiel.
Position: idk I don't have this vinyl T_T
“Cas—” Dean interrupted, staring wide-eyed at the angel, but Castiel lifted a hand and clenched it, and Dean’s voice disappeared. Had Castiel been more himself, he’d have noted how strange it was that even in Dean’s mind, his powers worked.
“The thing!” Dean said, waving a hand at Castiel, whose head tilted further, lips parting, brows furrowing. “THAT!”
Sam watched Castiel carefully, silently, and finally nodded. “Love, being human—it’s complicated,” he said softly. “More complicated, I’d assume, when you’re not human to begin with. How are you—”
“Yes,” Dean whispered through a breathless sound of pleasure, and Castiel released his hip to wind fingers around Dean’s other hand and force them both more prone.
“Dude, come on,” said Sam. He stepped around to stay in Dean’s line of sight. “I saw—” he began, then lowered his voice. “Cas is wearing that ring. So
“…or maybe a push, or—”
Bearing his teeth in a grimace, Michael used just enough of his grace to heal the slice to his artery. He ripped the bottle from his gut with guttural groan, and then growled out in a yell, “Dean Winchester!” From the pocket of his vessel’s coat, Michael pulled a pendant—a spiked, glowing purple crystal on a leather string, and looped it quickly around his neck.
Castiel nodded and cast a glance at Dean, who curled his fingers over his shoulder. “Alright.”
” asked Sam, annoyed. “That’s all I get?”
On day three, things got complicated. They’d spent more than a few days in one place before for a hunt, especially when it was more than one monster, like a werewolf pack or nest of vampires, but this case was threatening to extend to a week, maybe longer. They’d expected it in some respects; it’s why Claire had thought to squat in a house rather than have them living out of cheap motels. What if someone wanted to come by? Couldn’t really keep up a front if you had the neighbors over for drinks on the porch of the Super 8.
“Then I suggest you look more closely.”
Sam cleared his throat. “Yeah, maybe. Lost count,” he grumbled.
Album: None (single)
“And you let me keep blaming it on old wiring?”
“I love you too,” came Castiel’s muffled voice through the door a moment later.
“I wish it could always be like this,” said Jack. He couldn’t see, but the contentment slipped of both Dean’s and Sam’s faces, replaced with a soft, familiar sadness too old for their years.
Sam was turning to put away the syringe when his phone buzzed, and a text let him know Jack was out back. He leaned against the counter, the grace to his back, and texted Jack back to ask what he was doing. Behind him, Michael’s golden grace shimmered, the spell no longer needed, and turned to blue.
“Come on, you love it,” said Dean, still wearing his grin. He rose from his kneel just slightly to crawl into Castiel’s cross-legged lap and straddle him, a knee on either side of the angel’s hips. He looped his arms around his neck and bumped their foreheads together.
“Sam, you sit too!” Jack commanded.
“You wanna go outside? Fine. Let’s go to the movies. Or the grocery store,” grumbled Dean.
“Uhh—what?” He said, pausing.
“Yeah?”
“Do it,” Dean continued, gripping the neck of his beer bottle tightly. When Michael didn’t make a move, he smiled. “But you won’t. Because you’re still banking on getting me back—on getting back your sword.”
“Not in the way you’re thinking,” Cas answered, looking at Sam once more. “Angels do copulate and bear offspring, obviously. You’ve heard of the Nephilim, I’m sure—the forbidden children of humans and angels. But remember,” Cas gestured down to his body, “We don’t look like this. These are vessels. Your ideas of sex are—well, frankly, limited. And birth is more like the creation of stars. The bonds of parenthood are tenuous at best. And gender, of course, is a human construct, fully irrelevant to angels.”
“Yeah,” said Dean softly. His face started to flare red, and still, he sat up and tugged the folded paper sack from his back pocket, tossing it behind him to Sam without a word. He kept drinking, staring straight ahead at Castiel.
“Duffun loo lie nuffin,” mumbled Jack, returning to the bathroom, unaware of the face Dean made at his back.
Dean reached blindly behind him to open the door and he tumbled out backwards, only then opening his eyes to squint at Castiel. “Cas?” he yelled over the ringing. “Cas!”
“Wanna come?”
Artist: Jethro Tull
“Good morning,” said Castiel, voice gruff with sleep—or maybe pain.
“He just needs—I don’t know, time…”
“Tell us what?” asked Jack, leaning in, looking worriedly over to Castiel.
“What’s it look like I’m doing, Cas?” Dean snapped, turning around to face Castiel, features hard, angry.
“Maybe not in comparison to other humans. But in the grand scheme of it all?”
“I was dying,” Castiel said, his voice darker than he meant it, his whole body tense. “I was dying from a stab wound from a Knight of Hell, and
Castiel was silent for a long while, watching Dean. Finally, he cleared his throat. “So, what’s this plan Sam mentioned?”
Sam stared at Dean’s back for a moment, squinting, and finally relented. “Fine.”
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment, thoughtful, then opened them again to look at Dean. He nodded. “That was it. I’m human again.”
“How about here?” he wondered cautiously, angling himself into the crook of Castiel’s arm.
When everything was ready, Sam pulled out his knife and sighed. “I hate this part,” he grumbled as he held it to his palm. “Dean, you—Oh, shit!”
are a miracle, Dean. Beautiful and vast and anything but unimportant.”
“Or maybe he just likes them.”
The men were ready to leave not long after, and Sam made a point to leave Dean and Cas alone a little longer than necessary for some grace-healing of their own while he packed up the car.
The cops stopped her at the caution tape, but it was all well enough; there were witnesses hanging around, and Claire was decent enough at faking sympathy to get them to talk. Sam watched her disappear into a small throng of onlookers, and then turned to peer after his brother and the angel, and the icy way they walked, far apart and speechless, towards him.
“It’s not.”
Sam turned and descended the stairs, quickly and quietly, and ducked into the too-bright room.
Dean snorted. “Shut up,” he gently teased. He mustered a small smile and sat back on his haunches, straddling Cas’s lap, and cupped his hands over the ones on his cheeks. “I don’t know, man. It was weird. It was
And if he was being brutally honest with himself (and as quickly as he’d been drinking that whiskey, he was more honest than usual), he had a thing for the angel. He’d wished more than once, even when sober, that Castiel had picked a female vessel—but then it wouldn’t really be Cas. And that was the problem. It’s what Cas had been saying to Claire.
Dean shot him a glare. “Sammy…”
“You’re too young to remember her, boy,” said the old man with a chuckle, beginning to slip the records into a paper sack. “America’s darling in the forties and fifties. A real doll. Bluest eyes you ever seen. They knocked you flat on your back.”
Castiel didn’t answer. Instead he pulled his face away and opened his eyes to stare into Dean’s. The song faded out into something quieter, slower, and Castiel tilted his head forward to drag the tip of his nose down the bridge of Dean’s. He hovered there for just a moment before dipping his chin down to press his lips gently to Dean’s.
“You don’t have to.”
“Hey. How’s he looking?”
Dean picked his way across the floor, littered in flannels and overturned boxes. He crouched next to the crate of vinyls that
“You haven’t spoken to him in months. It was your choice.”
“Well,” Rowena started. She smoothed her skirt and floated around to a nearby workbench where she sat and daintily crossed her legs, twisting the vial of grace in her fingers. “That’s the story, isn’t it? Don’t forget I’m the one who tipped you off to Michael’s little Cajun country hideaway in the first place. And I’ve not been around, but I’ve been keeping tabs on you boys all the same. Need to know what my favorite angel and the hunters are up to, don’t I?”
“Shut up,” said Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam nodded, and Dean disappeared briefly, returning with a pistol tucked into his jeans.
“First, you ought to think about what exactly grace
Dean sat back, appalled. “I told you not to read my mind!”
“Just—shhh,” said Dean, opening his eyes to glance at Castiel. “Listen. Close your eyes. It helps.”
“Based on the ideas of the ancient Greek philosopher Epicurus,” said Castiel. “The belief that the soul does not survive after death, therefore allowing a life of guiltlessness, as there’s no eternal punishment without a soul.” Dean blinked at him, and Castiel shrugged a bare shoulder. “He was wrong, of course. I happen to know Epicurus is in Hell for preaching a false doctrine.”
“On it,” Dean replied, abandoning the jars. He went to lean over Castiel, nudging Rowena out of the way.
“I don’t know if that’s—” Jack began, but Castiel interrupted.
“Mmm,” Castiel smiled, humming his approval against Dean’s lips, vibrating them. He rolled his jaw, opening Dean’s mouth to deepen the kiss. They dissolved into a passion of palming hands and gripping fingers, breathing each other’s air so closely neither could tell where one’s inhale began and the other’s exhale ended.
Castiel sucked in a breath, watched Dean carefully. “How?”
Castiel’s eyes flew open, wide and red with pain. Within his pupils danced a multitude of sparks: bright yellow from the spell and two barely discernable shades of blue. Castiel’s fingers gripped the arms of the chair hard—hard enough to crush the end of the one closest to Sam. He shook violently, a low scream muffled in his chest behind Rowena’s hand over his mouth, and then he stopped.
“The onions go in strips!” said Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It took a whole bottle of aspirin to kill a hangover,” said Castiel, remembering.
“Dean…” Castiel’s voice softened, and he shook himself out of his trance to step hurriedly across the room. Once he moved, Dean could see where Sam and Jack were standing behind him in the shadow of the hallway, their faces a mirror of Castiel’s terror.
“Doesn’t mean you can’t say it.”
“Dean…” said Cas, stepping forward. “Why does this matter now, after everything?”
Sam glanced up at the movement in the doorway, and then perked up further. “Cas, hey! How are you? How long have you been awake?”
Castiel made a low noise in his throat and pressed his lips into a line, pointedly avoiding looking at Dean. “Mmph. I think I might have.”
“What’re ‘Bette Davis’ eyes?” Dean asked over his shoulder, not really caring, but making small talk nonetheless.
“Where do we know?” Dean answered, rising.
Castiel shook his head, lifting dirty fingers to pinch at the bridge of his dirty nose. “No, he wouldn’t,” Castiel answered softly. He sighed through his nostrils and stood in silence for a moment, thinking, and then dropped his hand to look between Sam and Jack. “He looked at me,” he said. “Dean did, when I yelled. He saw me.”
“I can’t get to him unless you put it out!”
“Was it bad?” Dean asked softly.
“Instinct is not the same as freedom, and you know it,” said Castiel.
Dean’s eyes opened slowly, blinking back against the light of the fire. Sam and Castiel watched as he gained his bearings, and an uncharacteristically open fear twisted his face.
“Huh,” Sam said, chewing the inside of his cheek, resisting the urge to peer over at Dean, who he could practically feel seething beside him.  “Did you ever have any kids? A—partner?”
“Can you even fall asleep?” Sam asked, sighing. “Because I can’t.”
Dean groaned and leaned forward into the table, burying his face in his arms.
“Yeah,” he said. “Alright, come on.” Dean sat himself in the chair and leaned down again to hook his arms underneath Castiel’s, and Sam backed away.
Castiel grabbed his chest as if he’d been punched and took an involuntary step forward. “Why couldn’t I feel it?” he said, brows knit.
“Probably something sassy,” said Dean, petulant. “Cause you’re like a teenage girl sometimes, man, with that eye-rolling.”
“You let him drink?” said Castiel, brows knitting.
Light poured blindingly into heavy shadows of the warehouse, the large windows on the wrong side of the sun to let in much natural light. It worked in Dean’s and Castiel’s favor, momentarily; the sudden brightness was briefly disorienting to those inside, and it gave the pair just enough time to find cover against the wall behind some concrete blocks before the door swung shut and buried them in the dusk-like darkness once more. Castiel’s angelic vision saw the problem before Dean, and while the hunter’s eyes adjusted, he described the situation at hand.
“Rowena?” huffed Dean. When she turned, he cleared his throat. “Stay out of trouble. And—thank you.”
“No she doesn’t—” Sam started, but Dean cut him off with a lift of his brows.
“You can’t seriously think we’d consider that, Rowena,” said Sam, folding his arms. “He’s our best friend and we’ve already lost him too many times.”
“What?”
“You know it,” answered Dean. He leaned in to claim another bruising kiss, pulling Castiel’s bottom lip between his teeth and eliciting a moan from his lover before he backed away, winking.
The record player stared back, indifferent. Dean looked for a few more seconds, then let out a loud roar of agony and anger. He reached for the record player and grabbed it by its sides to yank it from the desk. The lights flickered as the strain on the cord shifted the plug until it came loose, and Dean hurled the whole thing at the opposite wall. It slammed into the cinderblock with a loud, hard crash, then hit the floor with a smack. Dean rounded on it and slid to his knees before the broken player, then roared again as he began punching the largest pieces still intact, over and over and over. Broken plastic sliced into his knuckles. He didn’t relent. When a large piece lodged itself between his middle and pointer finger, he ceased his punching and picked up another chunk, hurling it at the wall beside the door which, a half second later, swung open so hard it smacked into the wall.
“Because I know, Cas.”
Dean felt a little surge of warmth from Castiel’s palms, and then sure enough, the headache was gone. “Oh—uhh. Thanks, Cas.” He opened his eyes again and looked back at Sam, then up at Castiel, and then finally around the room. “We’re home? In the Bunker? Like—our Bunker? Not some Donnie Darko world?”
“Well, I’ll come with you,” said Castiel, trailing along behind him.
“That’s not what I said!”
“A wee one of naught but two centimeters can take up to
“Heard that,” grumbled Dean, peering up from beneath his brows to glare at Sam.
"Yeah, I uhh--don't want to talk about it," Dean grumbles, head hanging forwards again. "I'm glad you're here, Cas," he adds. The tightness in my chest releases--opens like a flower inside me, fills my gut with TV static. I still have the most difficult time figuring out what words to use. Humans are so complicated. So wonderful.
“Yeah. Actually, I dunno,” answered Dean. He pulled out his phone. “I’ll text him.” He began thumbing out a message and was almost through when Castiel started reaching for the phone, though he only touched and didn’t take it.
“So,” said Castiel. He pushed his palms down the front of his pants—not his dress pants, but a pair of Dean’s jeans. “Michael’s grace is gone now,” he said quietly, gaze level with Dean’s. “Or—not completely gone. But low enough that it’s useless and will be gone within the day.”
“Something like that,” said Castiel. He smiled. “It’s an imperfect metaphor, of course, as I can hear multiple ‘stations’ at a time, but—yes, that’s essentially it.”
it,” Sam began, hesitating beside his brother’s bed.
Castiel grinned and opened his eyes. “She mentioned Sam. The rest was just mumbles.”
“Why—do you do this?” he gasped.
“Can’t I?”
Dean’s cheeks flared red and he looked up at Sam, but his brother brushed it off and continued. “Anyway, Belial was the leader of one of the most powerful companies, second only to Lucifer’s own, called the Sons of Darkness.”
“I’m always right,” said Dean, and Castiel opened his eyes to find him smirking.
Castiel smiled back, the first real one he’d managed in months. “He would,” he agreed. “I’ll bring some back if we—when we’re coming back with Dean.”
Song: "Amused"
“Yeah, bring it here,” commanded Dean, though after a look from Sam he added softly, “…please. Give it to Sam.”
“What are you doing?”
“Gonna have to mix it up then,” Dean joked softly, and dipped his chin down for a kiss.
At the sound, Castiel blinked himself out of his deer-in-the-headlights stare and slowly turned to look at Dean, mouth agape. “That went well,” he said, completely wooden.
“I didn’t—”
“Good morning, Sunshine.”
“Of course we do,” said Castiel with a smile, answering for both himself and Dean. “You did all this yourself?”
“Tracking spell,” answered Dean, digging through his pack.
“Try me,” said Castiel, and grunted as he pushed the tip of the blade just barely into his chest. Small spots of blood began to bloom across the white of his dress shirt, and light shone through the fabric.
“I don’t know, Sam. This time feels…different,” said Cas. “I think he believes he’s dead, and this is his Hell—getting everything he wanted only to have it unravel around him.”
Song: "I'm Gonna Crawl"
Dean’s cheeks flushed, and he knew Castiel could sense the change of heat against his neck, because he felt his lover smile against his temple. “You writin’ poems now, Cas?”
“I’m finished talking about this, Sam.”
Castiel flipped them both, his need winning out over his desire to draw it out, and he rolled hard and fast into Dean, keeping rhythm with his hand. He made a low noise in his throat and then said, “Again,” and Dean found himself empty, then on his hands and knees, and then painlessly full once more. Castiel’s chest was flush with his back, his left hand somehow holding them both up, fingers wound through Dean’s on the blanket, his right still stroking Dean with the same new fervor in which he drove himself inside.
“Doesn’t matter,” Sam answered. “We’re testing the crystal. You want in?”
“Dean, where are you going?”
“Dean…”
Dean slammed the car door and shifted into drive. He didn’t look out the window at Castiel; he thought he might change his mind if he caught a glimpse of his eyes, so instead, he pushed the Impala down the road. Only when he was out in front did he check his rearview, and his stomach twisted with guilt and love when he saw Castiel standing in the middle of the road, watching him drive away.
“I’m sorry,” said Castiel, gaze sparking a bit as he looked down to Dean. “That was abrupt.”
Dean blinked away the shock, then looked up to Castiel, grinning like an idiot. “Sammy’s gonna be pissed.”
“He won’t hear us,” breathed Castiel. “Not this far out, and over the water.”
“I’ve my reasons for lying low,” said Rowena. “And anyway, it doesn’t matter
“It doesn’t have to be that way,” said Rowena, chiming in again. She leaned forward in her seat. “The archangel grace will buck up Castiel’s own grace. Like your footballers and their steroids. And with Michael still siphoning off his own grace for the spell…”
“I hoped it would be,” said Castiel, still watching Dean.
"And this, here, with you," I hush, unable to speak anymore--my lips are too close to Dean's, and he's breathing away my voice. "This is worth my wings."
Castiel nodded. “So what’s the connection, besides the PTA? That can’t be the only reason.”
“Castiel,” Jack began. “Are you—”
“Nothin’ to be ashamed of, Sammy,” said Dean, taking Castiel’s hand again. He glanced over and winked at his lover. “She’s not bad lookin’. You do have a thing for gingers.”
“I’m alright,” said Castiel. “I like watching you sleep.”
“Yeah,” said Dean, grinning. “You wanna get the tortillas out? Throw the beers and some ice in a cooler while I finish this?”
“Oh,” said Castiel. He nodded. “I see. Sarcasm?”
“Well—yeah,” said Dean, and his cheeks began to flush. He rubbed the back of his neck. “Y’know. Thought you’d like it.”
“Uhh—okay,” said Sam, blinking at Jack. “Thanks.”
“No,” said Dean, swallowing. “So do you want revenge, or should I hang up?”
“And?”
hot.”
“I’ll be in the Dean Cave,” said Dean, waggling his eyebrows a little. He squeezed Castiel on the shoulder and then turned for the door, waving Sam and Jack into the hallway and pulling the door closed behind them.
“I just—I forget sometimes, you know?” said Dean, rubbing the back of his neck. “That you’re—you know. What you are.”
“Seriously? You fucking child, Cas,” Dean spat. He cranked the Impala and sped off out of the parking lot even as he dialed the phone company to turn on GPS tracking. “Hi, I need to—don’t put me on hold—damnit!” He drove around the small town, hitting every side street and back alley he could find, searching out any place that might be a haven for a vampire. All the while, elevator music played from the speaker of his phone on the seat beside him, the nearly thirty-minute hold mocking him.
“I like her,” chimed in Jack.
“Sit,” said Rowena, taking a chair for herself. “And then I’ll need a wee bit of Samuel’s blood.”
Castiel nodded. “Yes. Verses I always found lovely, but never understood why before you. The words of King Solomon and his bride, adoring one another.” He smoothed his hand up into Dean’s hair. “It’s like worship. It’s holy…” He trailed off, drawn to Dean as if by a magnet, unable to keep from kissing him.
“No,” said Dean, and Sam rolled his eyes. “It’s nothing, alright? We’re all just tired.”
Dean didn’t answer verbally, but he started at Castiel, nodding and panting. Castiel nodded back and leaned forward to kiss Dean’s forehead, disappearing into thin air as he did. As disorienting as it always was, Dean reveled, briefly, in the cool rush of air Castiel’s departure left behind. Within seconds, though, Castiel was back, the Impala shifting and creaking with the sudden re-addition of weight. The blanket from Dean’s bed was bunched beneath an arm, and in each hand he held a bottle: one whiskey, one water.
“In my head what?”
“Well, drink it when you can,” said Dean. “You gonna be okay?”
“I use cassettes…”
“What are you talking about, Cas? Sam? Why’re you being so weird?”
Artist: Led Zeppelin
“It’s just—I dunno, to be cute?”
“And that was you at the end too?” wondered Dean, finally looking up to meet Castiel’s gaze. His face was etched with stress and pain, and fear. “In the dark? That wasn’t a dream?”
” said Rowena. She gave her hair a dramatic toss. “I was beginning to think you’d forgotten who I was.”
“Tonight, when this is over,” Dean said, starting off down the hall, Castiel beside him, “and you’re all fixed up, we’re gonna get blackout drunk and laugh our asses off at nothing.” He reached out to take Castiel’s hand and give it a brief squeeze. “And then tomorrow night, we’re gonna hole up in my room and put on a record, and we’re gonna dance.”
“Dean…” said Sam, sighing. “C’mon.”
“Are you gonna be okay?”
The alarm clock radio crowed its taunting song into Dean’s room and he threw an arm out to silence it, groaning. Once the sound cut out he picked up his head to gaze at the time. 5:15 AM. Seven hours from the time of Rowena’s spell.
“Yep.”
“Dean—”
“That makes sense,” said Sam, and his face looked more at ease than it had in months, despite his brother’s state on the other bed. “I’ll go on a run. Cas?” He turned to look at Castiel, then Dean. “How is he?”
“Great,” said Sam. He brought the cups of coffee over and slid one over to Cas before seating himself as well. Cas dipped his chin in thanks and lifted the mug to his lips, sighing through his nose as he sipped the hot liquid. “That do anything for you?”
“Rowena?”
“When Lucifer had her in that other world. You were so certain she was gone,” Sam explained. “But she wasn’t. So, yeah. I really think Cas is alive.”
When they arrived moments later Dean exited to pull open the hidden garage door. Castiel drove in, and Dean shut it behind them, locking up. Castiel had just put the Impala in park, but hadn’t turned it off, when Dean got back into the car.
from the three voices on the other side of the fire, Dean Winchester slipped back into still silence.
angry? And what makes you think I’m not?”
“NO!” the wolf engaged with Claire bellowed, which afforded Claire the in she needed. From beneath the body of the slain wolf, Dean watched as the blonde hunter flashed across the floor to the gun that had apparently been wrangled away from her. She was impressively fast, and impressively accurate: as the grieving wolf lit out for Dean, Claire fired, hitting it squarely in the back.
“The hell do I need rest for?” Dean scoffed. “I spent the last six months asleep!”
“It never is.”
“Belial,” said Sam. He tapped his finger on an old drawing in the open book before him and turned it to Dean.
Artist: HUNGER
“How come?” asked Sam, seating himself on the edge of the desk.
“No, hey—come on, man. Look at me,” pleaded Sam. Castiel lowered the book and met his gaze, and he continued. “I heard what Michael said about that grace you swallowed. And something’s obviously up with you and Dean—”
God’s creation,” he growled. “All of it. Humans.”
Song inspiration:
Sam snorted without humor. “Don’t mess with them about that,” he said.
“What do you mean?” asked Jack.
Sam cut himself off with a brusque sigh as the stairs squeaked with Castiel’s descent. The angel lingered at the bottom of the steps with his hands in his pockets, peering over at Sam and Dean on the couch. The younger hunter rose and looked seriously between them both. “You guys need to talk. So, talk,” he said, and loped past Cas, taking the stairs two at a time.
“No, you spent the last six months as the vessel of an archangel,” growled Castiel. “
“Mnngh.”
“Ready?” asked the angel.
With that, Castiel pumped himself harder and let go of his resolve, giving himself over to sensation. He abandoned Dean’s pleasure for the moment and instead braced his hand on the floor, curling slow and deep into Dean for the final few thrusts, and then he was coming, his climax shaking his whole body. Before he came down completely, he reached back beneath Dean and stroked him hard and slow, and before Castiel was all the way finished with his own orgasm, Dean was coming too, crying out into the t-shirt bunched on the floor. Castiel held him through it, and then he slipped carefully out of Dean and collapsed on the blanket beside him, both of them sex-drunk and out of breath.
“For seven years of Tribulation, and then—"
“I am,” said Dean, and he cringed with embarrassment. He looked up to find Castiel staring at him, and he broke. “Marry me, Cas—Castiel. Please. If you want to,” he forced out, voice almost a whisper.
“That
Dean stared back at Castiel and swallowed. He looked over his shoulder into the empty backseat, then back to Castiel, quirking a brow. Castiel nodded, barely visible, and Dean let him go. He wrenched open his car door and the sound of pouring rain was once again loud and raw as he stepped outside, and Castiel followed. Dean shut the front door and opened the rear one, staring over the roof of the car toward Castiel in the rain, and when Castiel opened his door as well, Dean stripped out of his shirt and threw the sopping thing to the Impala floor, then crawled onto the seat on hands and knees, pulling the door closed behind him.
“No…” said Sam, furrowing his brows. “What’s with you?”
“—figures out it’s here—” Sam bobbed and weaved through trees, fully running from his brother now.
“Trying to get me out of my head, angel?” said Dean, a grin splitting his face as he was dragged along with Cas’s motions.
“Never,” Castiel answered, low and intense.
“Sam was up early to go for a run,” said Jack.
Album: Stormwatch (1979)
Sam shook his head and let out a soft chuckle. “Yeah, you can. I think everyone knew before you two did. Been a long ten years watching you guys flirt.”
“Whatever you want,” breathed Dean, sighing at Castiel’s touch.
Track: 1
you. I want a normal life—whatever normal means for us—with you.” He thumbed at Dean’s cheeks, the skin flushing red beneath his fingers. “Is that too much to ask?”
“Not like this,” growled Castiel.
Slowly, Castiel unstuck his feet from the floor and made his way to the couch, seating himself at the end opposite Dean, but angled in to face him. He watched as the hunter wrestled, again, with that many-tentacled beast locked inside his body, a hand coming up to swipe his face.
“What about me?”
“Because today’s the day you made a mistake,” answered Michael, that smug grin partially returning.
“Of course not,” Castiel grumbled aloud, crestfallen, but simply texted back a single
The woman Cas had been talking to laughed and said, “My Blake’s the same way. Good to meet you both—you make such a lovely couple.”
“Could you not summon me like some commoner?” Rowena’s voice trilled out from the hallway, and she appeared moments later, her heels clicking on the tile. “What is it?”
“Well” Jack answered, half-thoughtfully, half-grinning, “I guess I get it from my dads.”
“Not without your powers,” said Sam quietly. He hung his head in guilt.
Sam cleared his throat and lifted the coffee pot to tap it, and when Castiel nodded Sam meandered on down hallway toward the kitchen. Castiel turned around and looked back at the books with a sigh, returning to his chair. Another half hour at the table and he found himself suddenly hating both the chair and the table, and he dragged a stack of books into the floor and sat cross-legged, making a semi-circle around himself with the volumes.
“Good,” said Dean, at a loss. “’Cause I don’t.”
“I went to get something to eat,” said Castiel softly. “For the hangover.” He shook his head gently at Dean. “I didn’t want to wake you.”
“Damnit,” Dean muttered, dropping his gaze.
Dean approached protectively, and Sam held up his hand. “It’s alright, Dean,” he said softly, and looked to Castiel. “We don’t know how you’re gonna react, and if it’s bad—”
“I’ll do it,” Castiel repeated, louder. When they still didn’t stop, he finally broke down and yelled, “Hey!”
“Stop,” whispered Castiel. He pulled away just enough to look up at Dean’s face, and he angled his chin to kiss away the tears streaming down Dean’s cheeks. “You have nothing to be sorry for. Please believe me. Please just—”
“This is stupid,” Dean said with a sigh.
“Yeah, m’great,” said Dean, recovering by throwing up a devil-may-care smile.
“When’d you get so smug, dude?” Dean asked, turning his head just slightly to peek at Castiel. When the angel’s mouth opened in protest, Dean cut him off. “Trick question, you’ve always been a smug asshole. Downright sassy. S’why I like you.”
When they finally rolled up to Verona High’s parking lot, Dean hung his head—a moment of defeat he’d been staving off with anger all day.
I’m—I’m breaking apart, man.”
Just in case, a definition:
“Dude, what?” Sam rolled his eyes, turning back to Dean, who was doling out dollar bills to the cashier.
“So you found one,” said Castiel, half-bitterly, half resigned.
Dean rushed forward then as well, fully expecting to move through Castiel’s form as if he really was a spirit. Castiel must have believed the same, because they both appeared equally shocked when they bounced off something cold and flat and hard.
“That’s just it, though,” answered Dean. “Things
“Do—what?”
Castiel bent down and kissed Dean hard. “Show me,” he breathed against Dean’s lips.
Dean watched him a moment longer, then glanced over at Sam still struggling with Jack in the tree, and then down to his watch. “Wanna go for a drive?”
Dean’s pupils blew even further open in the dark, but he obliged, shifting his weight to move his hand between them. He pushed his lips back into Castiel’s, then rolled his hips and pressed his wet fingers against Castiel’s entrance at the same time.
“Shh, no,” said Castiel, his cheek pressed against Dean’s, arms holding his lover tightly to his chest beneath the blanket. “So much has happened, and for you, so quickly.”
“Think the words you’re lookin’ for are ‘I do,’” Dean grinned against Castiel’s mouth.
“Yeah, well, I ain’t a role model,” Dean scoffed, and then settled. “C’mon, man. I don’t want to fight with you. Not right now. Not anymore.”
I arrived at your little party, only that I’m here. And I’ve got something you need.”
it began. Dean snorted. “Solid choice, Winchester,” he said to himself, and retreated across the room to continue digging through a shelf he’d abandoned to follow Cas. He settled cross-legged before it and started pulling out the books it contained, stacking them off to the side: Slaughterhouse-Five, The Odyssey, Cat’s Cradle, On the Road…all his favorites. Nothing seemed out of place, except…
“The liquor store.”
Jack’s face fell as he looked down to the table. “Oh,” he said simply.
Dean rose with Castiel and knotted his brows, placing a hand on his stomach. “I
“C’mon Cas, you don’t have to do this. We’ll figure—” Sam began, but was cut off.
“Close in half an hour,” said a gruff voice from an old, balding man at a fluorescently-lit counter as Dean stepped inside, ringing bells on the door.
“Well, you—” started Sam. He glanced over at Cas, who took the hint, and finished.
“Jack,” Castiel sighed, and put a hand on the boy’s shoulder. “It’s just not a good idea.”
“Yeah, Jack,” Dean answered without turning around.
“You’re bluffing,” Michael said again.
than Lucifer,” Castiel spat. “He makes the Devil look like child’s play. Belial—”
“Hmm,” Dean laughed a little through his lips. “Can’t argue without calling the kettle black. Guess that makes me the pot.” Dean felt Castiel’s head turn against his shoulder, and he opened his eyes to find blue eyes looking over at him.
“No no, thank
“They’re not so bad,” said Castiel, murmuring into Dean’s hair.
Castiel’s head whipped around and his blue eyes blew themselves wide, chapped lips parting, but making no sound. He looked from Claire, who wore an expression of extreme self-pleasure, to Dean, who was making a face and unintelligible mocking noises at the girl before barking, “Go to your room” without seeming to realize what he’d done. Until Claire snorted and turned to bound up the stairs, and Dean’s face clouded over in a moment of bizarre self-reflection.
“Nope, me,” said Dean. He scooped up the compass and stood, meeting Sam’s incredulous gaze. “What? I read,” he defended. “Let’s go before it’s dark.”
“What?” balked Sam.
Michael smiled and shook his head. “Ouch,” he said. “Dean can handle me just fine, but two of us in there? He’s going to feel that tomorrow. What did you think would—” he stopped short and stared at Castiel, suddenly full of rage. His own wings erupted from his back, though they were smaller than they should have been. “You’ve got something that doesn’t belong to you, Castiel,” he growled and took a predatory step forward. “I can see my grace in you, fighting to get home. Give it to me. Now.”
Artist: The Beatles
Dean waved his brother off flippantly; nothing that prevented him from walking was broken, but he was definitely concussed, and the dizzy spells, as much as he hated it, meant he needed a balance.
“Alright, well, for the record,
Dean’s eyes widened and watered as he stared at Castiel, and to dam the flow of tears before they began, he cleared his throat and looked away, down to Castiel’s chest. “First time I saw you scared the crap out of me, to be honest,” he said.
Finally, Dean broke the silence. “I saw you,” he said, and swallowed. “In my head.”
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck and sighed into the kiss, feeling like his chest might burst open from love. He used the kiss to nudge Castiel, gently guiding him to roll onto his back, and when Dean was on top he melted against the angel, letting his whole weight fall to Castiel’s chest. Castiel’s hands trailed over Dean’s back, crushing them still closer, and Castiel parted his lips to pull the breath from Dean’s lungs. Dean shuddered and grazed Castiel’s bottom lip between his teeth, and Castiel gasped. Something warm and wet touched Dean’s cheek, and just as he thought the angel might be crying, a wave of grace rolled through Castiel’s body, so hot and full of static Dean felt it brush against his own skin.
The closest liquor store was a good fifteen-minute drive with no traffic—not that there ever was any, even now at half-past five—and Dean took his time, enjoying the early October breeze with his windows down. Driving had always been his solace, his way to think through things, good or bad. In the calm of the cool, early evening, not quite sunset yet but no longer afternoon, it was easy to forget that there were monsters or angels or even death.
“Whassat?” Dean said, his mouth muffled into the crook of Castiel’s shoulder and neck.
“Thought Epicurus didn’t believe in anything,” said Dean.
Castiel was sure this was where the fantasy would end—things would get too real for Dean and he’d back away, and Castiel would see the mirror of his own hurt and shame played out in front of him. He braced himself for the vicarious pain, already feeling the familiar, pre-existing tendrils of it clawing at his heart, but to his shock they halted: Dean had followed and was crawling on top of dream Cas in his bed.
“And I’m terrible at dancing.” He took Dean’s other hand and started to shake his hips totally out of rhythm, then sang along with the song, lowly and very off key, “
“True,” said Rowena, and her smile grew. “But we haven’t reached the best part.”
“I like that,” said Castiel. He clinked the rim of his glass against Dean’s. “To us, and free will. Which I think, in truth, are one and the same.”
Sam grimaced and turned to Jack. “Hey—go to my room and get the green metal box from under the bed and bring it here?”
Michael sneered. “Of course I did. And Dean was a fool to let his guard down.”
“Took Cas out to the lake,” said Dean. And then he lied, “And drove home slow ‘cause of the storm.”
“What’s our cover?” Claire interrupted, limping up to the pair and the unconscious man. “They’re on their way, and we look like hell.” In punctuation, she spits out a spray of blood.
The sound of the bunker door squeaking open stopped Sam short, and all three of the men suddenly rose from the table and bolted into the atrium. Clicking heels on metal stairs gave away the intruder with certainty.
“You wanted control,” said Dean, clarifying.
“You want four pies?”
“First, we get somewhere warded,” Rowena said, rising. “He’s going to notice it’s missing any minute now, and I do
Castiel must have felt it too, because he panted out a soft, “Wait,” to Dean as he gave another push inside. Dean stopped, breathless, and looked down at Castiel. “Put your hands on my hips,” Castiel instructed. Dean did, and then Castiel said, “Sit up.”
“I think you can know something and still be sad about it,” said Jack. He pulled his ankles up to sit cross-legged in the seat.
“Mom used to sing this to me to get me to fall asleep,” he said, and he stood there and let it play through the first chorus, but then began to fast-forward through it. Behind him, Castiel’s face lit up with the memory of Sam’s earlier words, and he made a note to ask Dean to play the whole thing for him later.
“It’s me,” Castiel answered Sam, voice ragged. “What’s—Dean!” Cas pushed to his feet and staggered to Dean, leaking grace in places where the other angel had managed to slice.
“But not losing your shit,” said Sam, pressing his lips.
Sam stared at Dean, incredulous, and finally rolled his eyes. “Fine, whatever.” As he turned to leave, just before Dean’s door closed all the way, Sam caught sight of the door to Dean’s bathroom opening—though he didn’t think anything of it at the time.
I want so badly to help. Seeing him like this--the man I've given everything for, and would give everything for a thousand times over--breaks me down. And suddenly, I wonder if he knows what he is to me. If he can possibly understand. I slowly seat myself beside him, lean up against the island. He still looks down at his beer, and I let my head loll back. Close my eyes.
The room fell into an uncomfortable silence. Castiel opened his mouth to speak and got out one low syllable before something hot and wild shot through his body, and he shivered hard, doubling over in pain. The archangel grace was pushing against his skin from the inside as if he was a balloon, slowly inflating beyond its capacity. He felt stretched out and thin.
the damn grace. So why not? What’s the catch?”
“What are you doing here?” Sam asked again, exasperated. “And what’s the catch?”
“So how do we give you a leg up?” asked Sam.
Dean blinked. “What?”
Dean nodded, and Sam turned for the stairwell. With a groan and a glance toward the grace in the cabinet, Dean slowly followed behind.
Castiel smirked. “I’m glad for it,” he said. “Death does concern me, but it’s not the most pressing issue.” A clearing came into view up ahead, and Castiel slowed again, meandering to the side of the road, and finally off into the dirt. Beyond the clearing, the Kansas foothills spread out seemingly forever, the grass rippling in bright yellow-green waves, almost like water. He let the car idle for a moment, then put it in park and turned the key. He ticked his head to Jack, motioning for him to get out, and then they both exited the car. Castiel slid himself onto the hood of the car, and Jack climbed into a seat beside him. They were both quiet for a few minutes, watching the last orange leftover from the sunrise fade into a bright blue as the sun rose higher in the sky.
