“Not for nothing, Dean, but the last person who looked at me like that— I got laid.” Cas even winks at him after that statement and something twists painfully inside Dean’s stomach. It’s not a real coming on. He knows Cas well enough to know that the words are some kind of twisted joke, probably a play on something Dean said at some point in the past and the angel is now using against him. It’s in his eyes, something challenging, daring him to remember, but Dean doesn’t. He doesn’t even want to try, knowing it would hurt more than it has any right to. It makes him painfully aware of the fact that Cas doesn’t forget things and he doesn’t dare to think about how the angel most likely remembers every harsh word and act Dean ever subjected him to.
“The other always does,” Cas says and then drops his gaze again. “At least in my experience.” It is said with a small shrug of one shoulder, a terrifyingly human gesture, but the easygoing motion doesn’t retract from the heavy weight Dean feels settling over them.
Dean glances at Cas, the former angel’s expression is as impassive as it always is when faced with a situation like this, but his eyes are bright and clear, and he gives no signs of backing down. Cas has dealt with archangel’s threatening him without flinching, Dean knows he won’t give an inch while faced with the likes of Walter. Still, Dean feels his own fury simmer in his gut at the condescension in Walter’s tone.
Eventually, after another long pause Cas adds: “They were happy, too. For a while...” and something about his tone doesn’t sit right with Dean.
“And whose fault is that?” Castiel answers, voice icy, unaware of how it makes Dean’s jaw clench. “After all, y
This time it’s the angel who drops his gaze, which either means Dean pissed him off, or Cas thinks he has a point and doesn’t want to admit it. The way Cas’ jaw is working tells him that it might be both. Dean rubs a hand over his face and presses his lips together into a thin line before he steps closer to Cas and comes to lean against the edge of the table, facing the former angel.
All of this doesn’t change the fact that Dean is a mess for the entirety of Cas’ absence, barking orders left and right in a tone that makes little sense to anyone who hasn’t seen him worried out of his mind before, and that is just about everyone at camp. Dean only realizes he is close to losing it when Chuck of all people musters up enough courage to put a hand on his shoulder and tells him to go and find a distraction for all of their sakes.
Some of the people talk about leaving on their own, although Dean doubts they have any more of an idea where to go. These people are also the ones who constantly moan about being given too little food or toiletries, their talk of leaving no doubt rooted in selfishness. They don’t see egotism will get them nowhere except lying face down in a ditch somewhere while a Croat chews on their flesh.
But alas, like supplies, rationality is not something they have in abundance either. Most of the people at camp are afraid of what is to come, rightfully so, but because they can’t handle their fear they channel it into anger, and this anger seems to be primarily directed at Dean.
Lost in thought Dean didn’t pay much attention to Cas’ actions. So he starts with a hiss when the former angel is suddenly beside him and applying disinfectant from the first aid kit to the cut with a little too much force.
“What’s going on?” She hisses and frustration is clear in her voice, her posture, her eyes. Then, her expression shifts. “Talk to me, please.” She pleads and he pushes past her, not able to look at her.
His shoulders drop. It all comes down to this, doesn’t it? Other people paying for his mistakes, over and over. He abandoned Sam, believed it would keep Michael and Lucifer from destroying the world in their grand battle, but leaving Sam led to him saying yes to Lucifer and that led them here. For years he’s been fighting with a handful of survivors, barely scraping by, himself holding on by a thread to not drown in his anger and grief while the people around him keep dying on a daily basis.
It’s been a long time since Dean last saw this side of Cas. This isn’t Cas the resident addict and love guru. This is Castiel the angel. His powers might be gone, but apparently his angelic fury is still there.
Cas almost laughs at the notion. Dean doesn’t need him, hasn’t needed him in years, if ever. No one does. He furrows his brows before he pinches one of the white pills between his thumb and index finger and brings it to his lips. He’s not an angel anymore. He’s barely even a person, really.
A few years ago hearing Cas speak like this would have him shatter the tumbler against the nearest wall in a fit of anger, but that was back when Dean had still enough fight in him to actually get angry about Cas doing this to himself. Nowadays, Dean is mostly angry at himself for letting it come to this, but it’s not the flaring sort of anger, the one that comes in bursts and makes him break things. This one is deeper, darker and tied to something he can’t let himself name.
They sit in silence for while and he hears Cas sip on his drink a few times. Dean doesn’t have to look up to know that Cas is furrowing his brows at the taste. The former angel shifts in his seat, and out of the corners of his eyes Dean can see one foot restlessly twitching where Cas’ legs rest on the table, crossed at the ankles.
Cas walks past him to the kitchenette, slowly and silently. He grabs two glasses from next to the sink with one hand, before curling his other around the neck of the half finished bottle of whiskey that is standing on the counter. It’s one of the last at camp and doesn’t even taste all that good, but it does the trick when it’s needed. Cas returns to the table and pours both of them two fingers before he sets the bottle down on the table.
with letting Cas take a small squad to Bobby’s to pick up whatever they can on lorebooks from the late hunter’s house, but there is no one else he will trust to do it.
He can already feel his chest tightening with long-repressed emotions. He doesn’t want them. He is as afraid of them now as he was when he first begged Anna to help him understand, maybe even more so. His gaze falls to his palm again and he is closer than ever to giving in to the urge of swallowing the pills to fight down the darkness that creeps into his mind.
“Is that so?” Dean feels the sudden need to move. So, he walks back over to where his bag is sitting on the table. He begins unpacking, solely because he needs to give his hands something to do.
“Uriel was wrong.”  Cas avers.  His voice is low and so full of devotion that Dean can’t help but draw in a sharp breath.
Dean knew they would eventually, but he has no answers. He doesn’t have a plan. At this point he doesn’t even have so much as a vague idea of what to do next.
Dean’s lips part at that briefly and he glances at Cas again, before he inhales and then exhales in a sigh. He probably shouldn’t be surprised that Cas knew. “Yeah, well... Turns out I still have some fight left in me.”
, and Cas knows him, far better than Dean is comfortable with at times. Cas knows that no matter how often something like this needs to be done, and no matter how clinical Dean seems to go about it these days, it doesn’t get easier, not for Dean. It’s perhaps the only thing that hasn’t changed in this godforsaken world.
Cas, in fact, doesn’t stop pouting, but he does turn his attention back to his own book before saying: “You wouldn’t talk like that if you were actually able to perceive an angel’s true form.”
There must be something in Dean’s expression that shakes the former angel, too, because even with the limited light around camp at this hour Dean sees the blue of Cas eyes regain focus, regain brightness, and just like that Dean makes a choice. One he wasn’t even aware of in the first place.
Maybe Cas is able to keep himself so collected because he's always been this all powerful creature. Maybe it's just hardwired into him, maybe Cas instinctively keeps everything firmly contained because of the scale on which his fury would strike if he didn't. After all, where Dean would go and wreck a car with a crowbar in his anger, Castiel was once able to wipe entire cities of the map.
The man that steps forward, Walter, was once part of Yaeger’s posse and ever since Dean shot Yaeger the little band of misfits wound tighter around Walter and started to question Dean’s every move.
Dean flinches at the memory and raises a hand to pinch the bridge of his nose. He feels old frustration tensing up his shoulders and neck, the beginnings of a headache pulsing at the corners of his eyes. His teeth clench. It’s not like he had a choice, right? Besides, Cas didn’t want his help. They fought about all of this so often Dean lost count and it had taken so much out of him that at one point he just stopped trying to reason with the former angel. Cas had been selfdestructing at a rate Dean couldn’t stop and he certainly couldn’t focus his attention on one member of his team while everyone else was looking to him for guidance. Even if that member was Cas. He simply couldn’t fight another losing battle. So, Dean stopped trying and just watched from afar, holding Cas at arm’s length while the other made his choices. Dean watched Cas fall apart, and it hurt, but as long as the former angel was sober enough to not get himself killed on a mission that was enough for Dean.
Dean’s breath catches in his throat. It’s not an empty threat, either. Cas looks and sounds like he is about ready to rip Walter apart right here in the yard with everone watching.
The only real improvement is to be found in Cas, which is a development Dean didn’t expect after their recent falling out. They haven’t talked about it, which comes as a surprise to no one. Neither of them apologized or even made so much as an attempt to. Dean doesn’t even know if he wants an apology and he certainly hasn’t found the courage to extend an olive branch himself.
To Dean any sort of touch on it never feels like much. It doesn’t hurt, it doesn’t even do as much as tickle. The scar tissue is simply numb to sensations.
The motion causes unwanted friction against his cock via the fabric of his pants and he clenches his teeth against the urge to reach down to unbutton his jeans, curling his fingers tightly into the sheets. He stays like that far longer than he cares to admit.
. Cas seems more awake than he did when they first entered the cabin a few minutes ago. His gaze, while clearer, somehow also seems darker. Broken, Dean realizes. His chest tightens at the realization.
Cas’ words have a finality to them that make Dean swallow thickly. They look at each other for a long moment, until Dean falters again. He masks it by pouring himself another glass of whiskey. Then, he hears Cas resume his way to the door, the wood creaking under his feet, footsteps heavy.
Maybe it’s a remnant from when he was still an angel, back when his real voice could shatter people’s eardrums and one look at his true form could burn eyes out of skulls. Cas once told him human emotions were overwhelming to angels, but Dean only saw Cas lose his cool once and that was when Dean was about to say 'yes' to Michael.
“Hey Cas, just making the rounds and asking if people need anything in particular from the next run.” Chuck says, barely looking up from his worn clipboard as he jots down some notes.
Cas aborts his action and pulls the pill back from his lips. For a long time it didn't matter how dazed he was, how little he behaved like an angel, because he had nothing to lose and at the very least some soothing apathy to gain. Most of the time Cas even enjoys himself while drowning in endorphins, or at least he thinks he does, his memory of the past two years is patchy at best. With good reason, he reminds himself.
Dean’s mouth opens slightly at the sharpness of the gaze that meets his and he feels his breath getting stuck in his chest. There are no questions in Cas’ gaze, no doubts, only sadness. Something akin to regret colors his voice as he says:
What makes it worse is that only a few hours ago, Dean saw a glimpse of the old Castiel shining through this facade. He wishes now that he had said something, anything, to Cas in that moment, even though he can’t even imagine what that would have been. It’s not like he can fix what broke between them. Hell, he isn’t even sure what that was in the first place.
His eyes flick back to Cas, who is dutifully reading the text in front of him. His eyebrows are furrowed in concentration, his lips slightly parted as his narrowed eyes skim the pages. It reminds Dean faintly of that day at the barn where they first met, when Cas had picked up one of Bobby’s books, idly flicking through the pages while Dean tried to wrap his head around what was happening at the time.
“Shit...” Dean mumbles as the sharp pain in his arm finally becomes too much to ignore. He looks down at where blood is currently coloring the sleeve of his jacket and raises his hand to inspect the damage.
“I don’t have one.” Dean admits and hears Cas breathe out in an exagerrated sigh. A moment later the former angel flops down in the same chair he chose earlier today.
But maybe it’s what Cas is trying to do, because for a few weeks now the former angel managed to keep himself up and alert as far as talk at camp goes the orgies have stopped, too. Not that Dean cares about that. Cas can do whatever he wants, but the fact that he doesn’t is just more evidence that his behavior is shifting. And this sort of shift, along with the fact that the former angel seems more levelheaded than usual, is enough for Dean to trust him with leading missions again.
He had left Castiel to deal with his grief on his own afterwards, because Dean could barely look at him without guilt tightening his throat so much he could barely breathe. In the end, he simply added the guilt he felt for Castiel’s inevitable spiraling into depression to the pile of repressed feelings that would hopefully never see the light of day again. There wasn’t time to stop and mourn anything or anyone anymore. Why would this be any different?
After Cas leaves, Dean turns off the ceiling light and eventually finds himself sitting down bonelessly on the edge of his bed, hanging his head in frustration as their conversation replays in his head. The memory of Cas’ expression is still clear in his mind, the hurt, the pain, the resignation.
“Chuck!” Dean cuts in and puts a hand on the man’s shoulder when Chuck looks at him like he’s about to cry. “I know, okay? But something seems fishy here. I need time to think of another plan, because I have a feeling the one I have won’t work.”
Walter sneers as they load up one of the trucks for the mission. He tilts his chin sharply towards Cas and Dean doesn’t even have to turn his head to know that the former angel is now squinting his eyes at the bulk of a man in return. Walter has about a head in height on Cas and him, but Dean barely keeps from rolling his eyes. He doesn’t answer, only takes the last two bags Cas is offering him and throws them into the truckbed.
“I don’t know, Cas, half of the time you are blitzed out of your mind. So, excuse me if I question your judgement as of late.” The words come out a lot harsher than he intended, everything does when Dean talks to Cas for some reason.
Cas watches her cross her arms in front of her chest and he tilts his head at her. “You’re upset,” he observes.
The silence between them has grown cold and Cas suddenly feels a lot farther away than the span of the table between them. Dean returns his attention to the matter at hand, aiming for a conversational tone as he speaks.
Dean stares. The pain in his arm is pushed to the backburner as he takes in the former angel’s face. Cas looks downright terrifying. His expression is dark. His jaw is set and his eyes burn with intensity so bright Dean is almost convinced he can see his grace flare in them for a second.
“Nothing,” he says eventually and even though his voice is flat and he feigns nonchalance perfectly it tightens his chest with old guilt and a sense of longing he thought he squashed long ago.
It is perhaps the thing Dean regrets the most out of everything, even more than not saying yes to Michael when he still had the chance.
Cas looks at him then, open and curious. For a moment Dean’s entire vision is filled with bright blue as the angel tilts his head at him, no trace of the anger left in his expression. Dean is more than relieved to see Cas’ gaze awake and alert, but his scrutiny still makes Dean shift in his seat. He averts his eyes, feeling a little too warm all of the sudden.
Once he’d bought a new charger and plugged his phone into the shiny new power bank that the guy serving him had convinced him to buy (which was a great idea, Dean had to admit), he decided that rather than lock himself back in his room, he would explore a little. He was feeling a lot better than he had when he’d first woken, and he wanted to see what the town was like now. Would much have changed from when he was younger? He already knew there were a few new places, like the diner he’d just eaten at and the electronics store he’d just bought his charger at, but what else?
“You really need to talk to Cas, Dean,” she said finally. “This isn’t my story to tell, and the rest of it absolutely needs to come from Cas. Give him the chance to explain and ask him all the questions you’re bursting to ask me right now. You want to talk to him, we both know that, so let all of this come from him instead. It’ll help you both, I’m sure of it.”
“Did you ever think about getting back in touch with Dean? Like, maybe after the probationary period was over and the court order was finalized?”
“Could you please text Dean on Saturday morning to make sure he’s okay after hearing everything I have to say? I’m more concerned for him than I am for myself if things don’t go well.”
Then, like the chicken-shit he had already told Charlie he was, he fled the scene before he could change his mind or before Cas could read what he’d written.
Now with something to look forward to, Dean felt better about shutting himself in the hotel room for the day. He took a deep breath and got to work on making sense of the jumbled sentences and fragments that drunk Dean had left for him the night before. If only he could stop the painful twangs that kept happening when he saw Cas’s name scrawled across the pages where he’d poured out his heart.
“Fuck. I just hope it goes okay. I need to be able to start putting my brain back together at some point.”
Cas washed up the plates and bowls from his and Jacob’s breakfast while giving Charlie time to finish eating hers. He gave her ten minutes just to make sure she’d had enough time, then he hit dial.
Dean puttered around his hotel room delaying getting into bed because he had decided that that’s when he was going to text Cas back. And he was a whole damn bundle of nerves over it. Anything that would keep his hands or his mind busy, it was getting done. Despite the fact that the hotel had a maid service, he used some napkins to wipe down the desk in the room, and made sure that all the trash was in the garbage can. He picked up any of his clothes that he found around the room and in the bathroom, and put them in his duffel bag. Deciding that wasn’t quite good enough, he then unpacked his duffel bag and separated out his laundry to put in a plastic bag ready to be washed. Of course, then he opened the drawers of the small dresser in the room and actually put the clean clothes away.
“Can it with the sarcasm, Winchester. I might smite you. Now, get off the damn phone and go sort your shit.”
Putting his energy to where he felt it belonged, he went onstage and played his heart out. He performed songs that he hadn’t played live in years, but that felt fitting due to all the emotions that were bubbling up inside. Charlie would catch his eye occasionally, and it helped keep him grounded while he sang.
“Okay, go do that. I’m gonna get Benny to announce the live act. It’s only two minutes before he’s due on, so get him to down that quick.”
Charlie thought quietly for a moment. “I’m really glad you’ll get to hear Dean’s songs live tomorrow. I think you will understand them so much more with all of Dean’s added inflection during a live performance.”
A voice broke through the silence of the night around him. It wasn’t loud, but it was unexpected enough to startle, and it sounded quite familiar.
Cas could hear her dissolve into a fit of cackles. She couldn’t talk for what felt like ages, which actually made Cas feel a lot better about his own laughter earlier. Clearly this was just a situation where laughing was the only response, and with the guilt removed, Cas allowed himself to smile.
The pain and confusion flowed out of him, morphing into lyrics of a song with the melody already forming in his head.
Jacob’s face popped into his mind and he immediately knew what he was going to make. Cas moved around the kitchen, grabbing ingredients and a bowl as he went. As he reached into the cupboard that contained the waffle iron, he heard the door to the kitchen open.
“I gotta take a drink over to the performer, I think he’s a bit nervous. He’s never seemed nervous in any of the videos I’ve watched of him online, but maybe he’s just good at covering it or something because that boy is
And for a moment, Dean wondered, as he had done many times over the years, if he meant that. Did he still wish he could burn away the sight of Cas? To burn away the memories of the time they had together? It would be easier to live with and he had definitely wanted that in the past, sure, but is that what he genuinely wanted now? Dean didn’t know.
Leaving Jacob to play LEGO Marvel Heroes, Charlie waited until Cas was seated with a cup of tea before bringing up the idea of Dean playing for Jacob’s birthday.
I got it on video,” she said with a smirk. “How about having a short party for him at the bar? We could shut it down to the public for a night and have a buffet style meal with cake, balloons, and pizza. If we keep it to a couple of hours, hopefully it won’t drag on so much for him and he won’t get overstimulated or burnt-out. I could even see who’s around so we can have someone perform live music seeing as Jacob loves it so much. And if at any point he does get overwhelmed, we can have his PlayStation set up in my office with his ear defenders on standby.”
The minutes ticked by, and gradually Dean was able to get his breathing under control. “It’s just another gig,” he told himself.
“I don’t know if you made the right career choice, Dean. Sure, hell of a singer, but hot fucking damn, the boy can act, too!”
the town I need to be in, I get to sleep in pretty late as long as I don’t have new music to practice or something, but the days I’m traveling are a nightmare of waking up at times that shouldn’t even exist. I even tried doing one of those tour bus things with the beds in it at one point but it made me hurl so bad that I ended up still getting zero sleep and had the pleasure of feeling like a strong wind would take me down all day as a result. Now I just drive myself,” he informs her. He starts fiddling with the label on his bottle. “I was wondering, how come Cas went to college to become an accountant? When we- when I left, he was due to start art college not long after. I don’t get why the change. It just seems so
They laugh together for a moment, and Cas is once again struck by thankfulness toward his best friend for always being there when he is having some kind of panic. He has a tendency to panic, so it’s happened a lot and she’s never once made him feel like a burden to her. He thanks her for reassuring him that it’s okay to laugh sometimes, says he’s looking forward to seeing her later, and gets off the phone.
He remembered how it felt to be wrapped in Cas’s arms, dreaming of the future life he hoped they would have together. They would talk about what that future would look like, sharing kisses and holding each other close. Cas would teach their children art, and Dean would teach them how to work on cars and play guitar. They had even spoken about how it was ridiculous to be having conversations like that given that they hadn’t even been together for all that long, but had both brushed it aside as inconsequential in relation to how they felt about each other.
“Okay, I saw him having breakfast with Jacob earlier and I kind of gave a waitress my number on a note and asked her to give it to Cas,” he admitted.
“Great. Now, I’m going to get back to work so that you actually have money in the right accounts and can pay the other employees.” He turned back to the computer, looking much more content than he had all day. He then looked back at Charlie for a second. “Thanks for checking in, Char. It means a lot.”
“I know you do, but you can’t wear it to school, Jacob. You know this. You have a uniform and you have to wear that, it’s the rules.” Cas was starting to get slightly frustrated. They were already running late because he’d overslept, having finally fallen asleep at around 3 o’clock in the morning and even then he kept waking up from how vivid his dreams were. Jacob didn’t often have tantrums but he sure as hell knew how to demonstrate how pissed off he was at any given moment. His stubbornness and refusal to give up was something Cas often admired, you know, when it wasn’t directed at ignoring his instructions.
While he waited for a response from Cas, he looked through some other Ts in the same area. He told himself that he would give Cas 15 minutes to respond, just while he browsed and found some T-shirt’s for himself, and then he’d carry on with the rest of his shopping. Luckily, Cas’s reply appeared rather quickly.
Once he’d relieved himself and ascertained that he wasn’t going to puke, he went and sat back down in bed to drink a bottle of water and take some ibuprofen. The water settled his queasy stomach, and he began to feel like he might be up to taking a shower at some point in the near future.
“I know,” Charlie agreed. “I swear it was just yesterday he was this tiny eight-year-old who insisted on sleeping nude and never allowed a door to be open for longer than the time it took someone to walk through it. Now look at him.” She let out a contented sigh. “What are the plans for his 16th birthday, anyways?”
Cas glanced down at his watch. “Look, I’ve laid out your entire uniform. You don’t even have to get it out yourself. All you have to do is put your clothes on so that you can go to school. Now, get dressed and I don’t want to hear another word out of you until you are completely ready for school,” Cas said with finality. He briefly wondered if he should tweet the singer to tell him of the bizarre, nonsensical drama that was the result of the young Danny fan’s obsession. Realizing that he didn’t have Twitter and that Danny Gruff would likely not find his situation even remotely interesting, he pushed the thought aside and went back into battle.
“I don’t know if you saw but there was a man sitting by the window,” she said, holding a piece of paper in her hands. “He was real pretty with green eyes? He just left, but he asked me to give you this.” She put the paper on the table and Cas eyed it warily.
“Awww c’mon, Sammy, don’t do this to me.” Sam responded with silence. “Ughh, fine. Honestly… it was really great talkin’ to him last night,” Dean rushed out, clearly nervous about admitting such a thing. “I haven’t felt that kind of easiness with anyone else. But that’s just how things always were with Cas. We always just kinda got each other, y’know? And it’s nice… havin’ someone get you without explaining yourself all the damn time. But I’m not stupid enough to let a little easy conversation make me wanna relive the heartbreak.”
He shot her a quick text to ask her if it was an okay time to call her because he needed to vent to someone about how absolutely outrageous Jacob had been this morning.
Cas, however, was desperately trying to keep a straight face while he attempted to explain to Jacob that it probably wasn’t the greatest idea to go around showing his pits to people. It’s okay to be proud of your body and to love the things on it, but not everyone in life is going to want to have a hairy armpit in their face, no matter how cute the person who owns the armpit is.
“Would you like me to read it with you and help you with any words you get stuck on?” Charlie asked Jacob.
“I know, sweetheart. I do. I can’t even imagine having to make the choice you did, and gods, Cas! Do you have any idea how strong you are? But you have
“You could play at the bar again on Friday night? Please? You were so great, and I got incredible feedback about you. Plus, you made a few people cry and that made them buy more drinks. It’s good for business.”
,” Cas said, shaking his head lightly. “We also talked about what he did at school today. They’re apparently learning about the function of the brain, so Jacob asked me what brains do. I told him that he’s the one learning about them, so he should tell me what they do. Do you know what this ridiculous kid’s response was?” Cas asked.
Dean’s face was unreadable, but Castiel’s was an open book. His emotions changed faster than anyone else could keep up with, but Dean knew every inch of that face better than his own.
He figured that it was a good time to go to sleep, you know, before any other buried feelings and wants decided to make themselves known through prose.
By the time Sunday morning rolled around, Dean was feeling a lot better. Okay, yes, he was still in emotional turmoil, but at least now he’s spoken to someone else about it. He vowed to himself that rather than spending the day beating himself up over Cas’s actions and his own reactions to those actions, he was going to sit down in his hotel room and write as much as he possibly could. If he was able to get a new song or two out of this whole mess, at least it wouldn’t have been a complete waste of time, energy, and emotions. And he definitely had a hell of a lot of emotions spilling out of the trash can in his mind.
Seeing Cas being so nurturing and loving towards a child had him doubting himself and whether what he’d written in that note was the truth. Was he actually ready to talk? He thought about the hurt he’d experienced when all the dreams and hopes for the future had been ripped from him. If he was honest with himself, that’s what caused the loss to be that much more excruciating, turning it into something he’d always struggled to move past. It wasn’t just the love of his life that he’d lost; he lost his best and most trusted friend, an entire future they’d been planning together, and he lost someone he never thought he could lose. His trust in others and in himself had been shattered to pieces in the process.
Cas had one hand fisted into Dean’s shirt, clutching it tightly and holding Dean as close to his own body as physics would allow. The other hand was still resting against Dean’s face. He felt the tear fall, gently brushed it away with his thumb, and continued to stroke Dean’s cheek with so much softness and sweetness that it made Dean ache inside. Cas wrapped an arm around Dean, pulling him into a loving embrace as he continued to kiss him over and over. The feeling of safety was one that Dean had not felt in longer than he could remember, and he wanted to drown in it.
“YES! Chocolate chip waffles! I love chocolate chip, Cas!” Jacob whooped while throwing his arms around Cas’ middle.
“We didn’t actually talk or anything,” he clarified. “He was just in the diner when I was having breakfast with Jacob. But he left his number with the waitress and asked her to give it to me.” He picked up his mug and took another sip, the smile appearing back on his face.
After Benny headed back home, Dean sat at the table a while longer, slowly picking at his bowl of fries.
“Dean,” she said with a pointed look. “This is Cas we’re talking about. He just gets an idea of how something is in his head and it’s hard for him to see that he might be wrong. It’s not even him being stubborn I don’t think, it’s really like he can’t fathom that other people might see things differently or that… his plans aren’t always that well thought out.”
Dean left the diner feeling pretty okay about the olive branch he’d extended to Cas. He took a slow stroll back to the hotel, thinking about Cas the entire way. It felt fine at first, but his thoughts quickly devolved into memories of their time together. Images assaulting his mind, one turning into another.
“Always,” she huffs into his chest. She then takes a step back from him but keeps a firm grip on his arm. “Okay, so, we are absolutely going to get all the talking about Cas and what the hell happened last night out of the way first so that you won’t be stressing about it for the rest of the night. We can just rip the bandaid off and then spend the rest of the night doing whatever the frick we want, and it’s going to be better without a weight hanging over you.” She looks up at him, her face set and her eyes daring him to argue with her logic and reasoning.
“Ahhhhhhh! I love you, Charlie!” He yelled, flinging his arms around her waist. She pressed a kiss to his brownish-blond curls and hugged him back as tightly as she could. Jacob wriggled free and ran out of the room, mumbling something about telling Jack.
“I’m going to ask Dean to just listen to my story in its entirety, and will offer to answer any questions once I’ve managed to get the full story out. I don’t know though, I’m pretty nervous because I don’t think Dean is going to react well.”
“No, brother,” Benny said, amusement shining in his eyes. “Can’t say I’ve had that one. My fiancée is a big fan of some special diet she’s on so we don’t tend to eat that kinda stuff. Looks good though, I might have to give it a try.”
Dean was having a pretty good morning. He’d finished a song he’d been working on, and that was always enough to put him in a good mood. He knew it was a bit angsty, but seeing as that’s kind of his aesthetic, he figured it was okay.
Jacob plonked the container on the bench Cas was sitting on so that he had both hands free, and he started signing the word ‘share’ at them.
He hoped that by interjecting a little dramatic phrasing, she would see that he was well enough mentally to joke and that might ease any concern she may have had over him not responding for so long.
As Cas kissed him, it was exactly as he remembered their kisses feeling, only this kiss was filled with hunger and desperation. Cas moved his tongue gently across Dean’s lower lip, and Dean opened his mouth to allow their tongues to join. The languid dance between their tongues was sending sparks of fire throughout Dean’s entire body. The taste of Cas was intoxicating, and Dean would have sworn he could feel himself becoming dizzy from the flavor alone. He wound his hand tighter around Cas’s waist, if only to gather some strength and stop his knees from buckling.
“Of course it did, Dean. You loved him. He was your first love and it ended badly. It’s okay that it shook you, and it’s okay that you still have some empathy for him when you see him unsettled. Kinda shows what a big, soft heart you have,” she said with a kind smile.
“And hairy,” Jacob said through giggles, pulling the costume aside and proudly showing Charlie the wispy hairs that had started to grow on his armpit.
His heart felt like it could beat straight out of his chest with the speed it was approaching while he waited for a response. Luckily, Cas didn’t keep him waiting too long before he sent a text back.
Dean smiled to himself, and wasn’t even surprised to find himself thinking that he hoped he was still in town by that point. It would be awesome to be able to give Jacob the shirt in person to see his reaction, too.
“My cat appears to have eaten his way through the window screen and gone on an adventure outside. He’s an indoor cat so I want to find him quickly. I’m okay though, I’m sure he’ll turn up soon.”
At the end of the episode, with his pizza long since gone, Dean settled at the desk with a sigh. He poured himself a drink, straightened out his papers, and picked up his pen.
“I can’t promise that I’ll stick around after the gig, but I promise with all my heart that I will not leave without saying goodbye this time.”
He would recognize those eyes anywhere. He had seen them up close as he’d brushed his fingers across the man’s cheek. He’d stared into them while out for a walk during a full moon and had sworn he could see all the stars in the night’s sky reflected in them. He’d seen them roll back and close slowly as he sighed in pleasure while Cas' tongue had dragged over the exposed skin of his hip bones.
“Nope. You can do it. I’ll watch,” Jacob announced, yanking out a chair from the table with quite a bit more force than necessary. He sat down in the chair with a loud thump, then blinked up at Cas expectantly with a beaming smile on his face.
it strange to offer to buy someone else’s kid a shirt? He hadn’t seen Jacob in years… but at one point he’d been pretty close with the kid, so it couldn’t be that weird, right?
By the time their food arrived, Dean was nearly finished with his, but he slowed down in his eating so he could continue to steal glances in their direction. He occasionally caught Cas’s eye, but would turn away immediately in an attempt to avoid any awkwardness. Dean knew he should stop watching, that he should just finish his food and make a move back to the hotel to write, but he felt drawn back to them, repeatedly. He found himself, for one brief moment, wishing that he could just walk over and join them but shook the thought from his head. Watching them was as far as he was willing to go.
“I can understand why you’re nervous, but if he’s said he’ll talk to you then I’m sure it’s because he’s ready to hear what you’ve got to say. Have some faith in him, and yourself for that matter.” She reached out a comforting hand and rests it on top of Cas’s over their shared desk. Then, quite without warning, Charlie’s eyes lit up. “Oh my god! You’re going to get to hear him play!”
That night, Charlie went over to Cas and Jacob’s house to visit with them before she had to head into work for the evening. Jacob was as happy to see her as he always was, and chatted animatedly about how he’d tried making Gabriel a new collar, but that the cat had eaten it. Jacob sighed dramatically, an expression of forlorn so clear on his face that Hollywood’s best actors would be jealous, and said he probably wouldn’t make the next one out of Cheerios.
“Okay. That’s fair. I’ll text him. Sorry for putting you on the spot like that again, Char. But in fairness to me, this time you did kind of start it,” laughed Dean, trying to inject some ease back into the conversation.
Dean arrived back at his hotel room and decided to have a shower before worrying about the rest of his evening.
Dean’s hand found its way to Cas’s hip, and the other dragged up along his neck until it was carding through his hair. He gripped as tightly as he could, like he was terrified to let go.
“Hey, Benny! Goo’t’ see ya,” Dean forced out, grinning around the huge mouthful of food. He swallowd and then tried talking again. “Have you tried this? Because you wouldn’t be making fun of me if you’d had it. It’s like angels dancing on your damn tongue.”
Dean resigned himself to finishing his set and hauling ass out of town at the first available opportunity.
Charlie laughed at his enthusiasm. Live music at the bar happened a lot and Jacob was always just as eager to hear it, regardless of who may be performing that week. His love for live music was such a precious and infectious thing.
It was right in that moment, seeing Jacob’s face alight with curiosity and happiness, that he decided he would text Dean. He would ask him if it would be okay to attend his next gig at the bar, and also if he would let Cas buy him a drink after.
“Well… okay, honestly I didn’t think you’d mind seeing him. And with Cas, I just thought it would be better if he didn’t have the chance to freak out about it and get inside his own head. I figured he’d be fine once he got over the initial shock. All that stuff happened so long ago, and you’re both in such different places in your lives now.” She glanced back towards the door. “But, Dean, I really can’t get into this. I’m worried about Cas and the way he just took off like that. I haven’t seen him get so worked up over something in… I don’t know. A long time. Fuck, I feel like such a dick.”
“Okay, but for future reference, exes - especially ones who don’t talk anymore - normally like to know if there’s a chance they might bump into each other. You honestly can’t be that shocked by Cas’ reaction! If you thought he’d be okay with seeing me, you’d have told him! You know you would have.” He ran his hand through his hair and groused a little in frustration.
“Maybe we should try the next street over?” Dean suggested. “It’s not like a cat wouldn’t stray too far, waiting to get picked up and taken home.”
“Yes!” Jacob repeated, nearly shouting this time. He tucked back into his food and had to be reminded to slow down while he was eating so that he didn’t choke.
“And you’re just as easy to annoy as ever,” he retorted. Then he smiled at her, his eyes going soft. “I’ve missed you, kiddo.”
He couldn’t very well just keep standing here, and he was too close to the hotel to want to go back for his car or to call a taxi. Plus, it sounded like Cas was looking for some kind of animal, so he didn’t really have the option of just standing here and waiting for Cas to go inside. It was likely that Cas would come this direction in his search for the animal, anyway. Defeated by his own logic, Dean took a deep breath and kept on walking.
“Don’t like rules. I like Danny Gruff.” Jacob sank onto the sofa with his arms crossed and a defiant pout on his lips. He stroked over the lettering of Danny Gruff’s name on the bright yellow shirt he was wearing. He’d worn the shirt to bed last night and Cas figures he should have been suspicious when Jacob was
“I know he’s not, Charlie. That’s the part that kills me.” He moves over to the couch and throws himself onto it. “So, can we do that thing where we don’t have to talk about Cas or the kiss or the yelling, now?”
Staying away for the last seven years had been hard. It had been made harder by him disconnecting with anyone who might have accidentally given him updates about Cas’s life, which meant he’d lost a lot of friends too. But in that moment, with tears pouring silently down his face, Dean knew it had been the right thing to do. He never would have survived otherwise.
Benny thanked him with open sincerity and they continued to talk for a while. They talked about how long Benny had been working for Charlie, and he told Dean his favorite part of working for her is how generous she is. Dean could understand that. Her heart was pure gold.
Jacob was standing by the lake while Cas sat on a bench nearby. It was a beautiful day, and the sounds of the excited ducks made Jacob smile with glee. He was holding a Tupperware container of seeds and cut-in-half grapes, and he was showing Cas how he could hold so many more seeds in his hands than he used to be able to. Every couple of seconds he would toss a handful for the ducks, and then would laugh hysterically when several would go for the same piece of food.
The knowledge he now had of Cas’s new life, even just this tiny slice of it, was causing Dean to feel like he was gripping the edges of the world as it violently tried to fling him off.
Images started flashing through his mind before he could get a firm grasp on them or stop them in their tracks. The police coming. The social workers. The doctors. The lawyers. The background checks. Those
They sat there talking for way longer than the half an hour that Dean had originally agreed to. They ended up ordering lunch, and it was right around their fourth cup of coffee that Charlie asked Dean if he really had to take off today, or if he could stick around for a while so they could spend some more time together, and so that Charlie could introduce him to Dorothy.
“Ah, you’re probably right. It’s definitely better than giving myself a hernia from trying to keep the laughter inside,” Cas relented. “Honestly though, I can’t believe how grown up he’s getting.”
Cas had gone pale and rigid, his eyes trying to find anywhere to look that wasn’t Dean’s pain-filled face.
His jaw line is more defined, his muscles have filled out, and his face is lightly stubbled. Dean’s features are still delicate, but his looks have gone from that youthful beauty to handsome and remarkable.
“You did so great, Dean! Your songs are always so beautiful and full of life and feeling. Judging by the way the crowd reacted, I’d say they were impressed, too.”
“Are you sure that’s all it is?” Sam asked. “Are you absolutely sure you’re not crushing on Cas again?”
He thought to himself about his week back in his old town and couldn’t help wondering if leaving this place all those years ago had actually been the best idea. It’s not that he didn’t enjoy his life, because he did. Being paid to do something you truly love and that brings you so much joy while being an incredible outlet for your emotions wasn’t something that many people got to do, and Dean was grateful for it. There was just something soothing about being back here that called out to Dean’s soul.
“I know what he said to you. He told me, and I’m not going to say that what he did was okay because it absolutely wasn’t, but at the time he didn’t see another way to handle things. He made a snap decision, one that he thought he’d thought through, but that should have been dealt with differently. For what it’s worth, he’s been so different since Jacob moved in with him. He properly thinks things through now and carefully evaluates what the consequences are to every damn thing he does. It actually gets a little infuriating at times,” she chuckled lightly. “He can get a little
“You like eating food without having to do any of the work, is what you like,” Cas countered. He carefully measured out the chocolate chips as he spoke, but then dumped another cupful into the batter. They both liked extra chips, and Jacob loved watching the melted chocolate pour out to cover his strawberries. Ah, strawberries! “Jacob, you can get the whipped cream and strawberries out of the fridge. There are still some in the bowl and they’re already cut, so just put them on the table.”
“I can help if you’d like,” Dean said. “I mean, if you need it and you’re okay with…” he trailed off.
Dean was stunned by what had just transpired. He had been so caught up in how it had felt to catch sight of Cas when he wasn’t expecting it, and how it was going to affect him to see Cas properly after all this time, that it never occurred to him that Cas himself might find it difficult to be in the same room as him. But he worked here, so he must have known that Dean was the one performing, right? Or had Charlie hidden it from him too? Gods, this was already a mess.
He tried to force all these thoughts out of his mind, deciding right then and there that he wouldn’t think about Cas for the rest of the day, his resolve lasting all of seventeen minutes before he grabbed his phone from the nightstand and threw a text at Charlie.
“I didn’t- I,” he stuttered. “Charlie, I wasn’t thinking about anyone else. I just wasn’t. I know that sounds bad and selfish, but it’s the truth. I didn’t even know where I was going at first. Took me three days of driving around aimlessly and sleeping in the back of my car before I realized I was heading towards Sam. I mean, I wasn’t at first, it really was aimless, but then on the third day I hit Nevada and was like, oh, guess I’m going to California.” Dean looked at Charlie and saw that she genuinely didn’t look angry.
“Speaking of live music acts… Dean is going to be playing at the bar again on Friday night.” She eyed him cautiously as she spoke. “I think it’s probably best if you take the night off.”
Cas grunted in what appeared to be an agreeable way, so Charlie rested her head against him and sat with him in silence.
“Okay, sure, he’s not an idiot. He’s an exceptionally intelligent boy who just doesn’t know how to not make a fucking mess of a drink, that’s all.”
“My other concern is if Dean takes it badly, which is likely - because let’s face it, I was a dick - he’s going to end up leaving town again… so while I think it will be awesome if it all goes well, I don’t want to tell Jacob
“I love how sociable that boy is. I’ve never seen someone with so much sunshine in their smile. Ya know, it
“Well, maybe it’s too fucking late and I don’t want to hear it. For fuck’s sake, Cas! Do you realize how little I thought of myself? Someone who said they loved me, who would say things to me about how I was their soulmate and that they didn’t understand what real love was until they met me, someone who would plan a future with me… that person told me they didn’t love me. Two days after that night where we- you know what, never mind, I can’t think about that.” Dean took a deep breath. “That person broke up with me and told me they were leaving my life for good. Doesn’t exactly scream the best things about me, does it?”
“Tell me about it!” Cas bursts between the laughter that he felt better about letting out now that Jacob had left the room. “Do you see the issue? It happens so often. I should be giving him advice or trying to set a good example, and then he comes out with something like that and I’m reduced to a mess just from the effort of not laughing!”
“You’re preparing yourself though, right? Dean is a forgiving person, but like I said, you made a choice that hugely affected his life and didn’t consult him on it. Whatever reasons are behind that, he’s not gonna be happy about it, and he’s likely going to be pissed off with you because it just wasn’t your choice to make. Not for him.”
“Cas. You have to tell him. You can't let him go on thinking that you rejected him like that! It doesn't matter how long it's been, you have to tell him everything. He deserves to know the truth, he deserves to know that someone he loved and trusted didn't just one day wake up not in love with him anymore. That really fucks a person up. None of that is fair on him. You made a choice for him that deeply affected his life, and honestly I’m a little pissed because that wasn’t your choice to make. He deserves to know.”
Jacob leant on the door jamb for a second before walking into the kitchen, his hair stuck up awkwardly at a million different angles. His slight curls were shrouding one eye, and the other was being rubbed while Jacob let out an adorable yawn.
Dean looked down at the ink-splattered page. The words he found confronting him were revealing the true inner desires of his heart, yet they felt foreign. He felt like someone must have snuck into his room and written them, somehow forging his own handwriting perfectly.
“Okay, enough out of you,” Dean said with an eye roll. “I need to get off the phone so I can go do some work.”
They both start giggling, and Cas wraps his arm around the kind-hearted but completely ludicrous redhead. How her business was doing so well was anyone’s guess. She seemed to run it on the idea of rainbows and butterflies with a side order of love and harmony rather than any legitimate business model.
He sat down for a couple more minutes, trying to slow his heartbeat a little and thinking of what needed doing around the house that he could put this extra time into.
“Yay! Oh my god, I’m so excited right now! You get to meet my love, and I get to introduce her to the only boy who ever broke my heart!”
Once on the train, Jacob waved at everyone they went past. A smile spread across his face and his waves became more vigorous if the person waved in return. Cas took countless photos because Jacob just looked so sweet when he smiled like that.
“Yep, I totally understand and I’m telling you, Cas, you gotta stop beating yourself up for laughing. He’s getting older and his sense of humor is developing more each day. It’s okay for you to let him know that you find him funny. As long as he’s not causing himself or anyone else any harm, I don’t see the issue with it. You explained that it’s probably not the best idea to do it to people outside of his friends and family, and he acknowledged you. Seriously, you’ve got nothing to worry about. Let the boy hear you giggle!”
“Every day. Every single day. But I hurt him so badly, Charlie. You didn’t see him that night. You didn’t see the way he crumpled. It was written over every inch of his face. There’s no way he would have forgiven me, and I couldn’t risk a heartbreak that might put me into a spiral. I still had social workers visiting me once every three months until Jacob turned about fourteen. Even now they still check in on occasion through his school, for fuck’s sake. What if I became viewed as being emotionally unstable and I lost him? What if he lost me after everything else he’s already lost? Plus, what if Dean and I had gotten back together and then broken up? Losing him once was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do... I don’t think I could survive losing him again. And of course if Jacob bonded with him and then our relationship failed, that could've ended up hurting Jacob too. It was all too much. The thoughts used to chase each other around my brain until the early hours of the morning, each one twisting and turning until every single option felt like too big of a risk.”
“It’s nothing, Cas, really. I used to love hanging out with Jacob, you know that. He taught me a lot about the world. And some of my best fart jokes came from him.” Dean said, a grin spreading across his face. “I want the world to be a better place. This was just my way of contributing. But it’s not a big deal, plenty of singers and bands donate profits to charities at one time or another.”
As the caffeine flooded his system and the ibuprofen kicked in, he began to feel a little more human. He could even look out the window without hissing at the sun like a vampire from a 60s horror movie.
He was tempted to just leave, but the waitress brought his food over and it smelled so damn good. Dean was strong, but not strong enough to walk away from bacon. He thanked her, then went back to watching Cas and Jacob who had seated themselves over in a booth and as far as Dean was aware, hadn’t noticed him.
Cas stood up and put his hands in his pocket. He turned his entire body to face Charlie, and after a few moments of looking at her in silence, he simply nodded.
Dean texted Charlie to ask if she was free to hang out, and after receiving a resounding “yes” he went to the bar. He headed up the stairs to the apartment over it that Charlie lived in, thinking about how much he loved being there. The bar was cozy and felt like a family home, one that he’d been welcomed into with open arms. His heart felt full at the very thought.
Thinking that was probably for the best, he got out of the shower and set about getting ready to leave his hotel room. He should probably go check in with that Garth kid and tell him he was going to stick around for another day or so. There was no way in hell he’d be able to drive anywhere else today.
“Yes, they’ve been in the fridge,” teased Cas. “Okay, first two are ready.” He brought the plate over to Jacob who grabbed a knife and fork from the cup on the table. Cas had long since learned that having cutlery in a separate drawer only lead to having to re-wash a lot of it due to Jacob’s issues with proprioception. He watched fondly as Jacob selected another set of cutlery and placed them at Cas’ spot on the table. “Thank you, Jacob. That’s very kind of you,” he encouraged.
“I can’t talk about it. I can’t let those emotions get to the surface. If I seem like I’m not coping, I could lose everything I’ve worked so hard for. If Jacob ever found out the choice I made, or that I didn’t recover from it, he could think I blame him for how trashed I am inside. Or he could blame himself for it. I honestly don’t know which is worse, but I do know that he doesn’t deserve that kind of baggage. I chose him. It was the right thing to do. That’s the end of it.”
“Charlie, I can’t handle seeing him. I can’t do it. I know everyone thinks I’m fine but… I don’t – I haven’t ever -” Cas held back a sob and pressed his palms to cover his face. “When I saw his face, it was like I was right back there, breaking both of our hearts.”
Once he was settled, Cas continued working, noticing that he was much more efficient now that he’d had a chance to voice some of his concerns. He heard his phone vibrate but chose to ignore it in favor of getting as much work done as he could to make up for the time spent talking to Charlie earlier. It’s only when he heard it vibrate again that he reached for it. Whoever it was had sent two messages in such quick succession that Cas was concerned it might be important. Instead, Dean’s name and an icon showing he’d sent a picture message were visible in the notifications. Without even realizing he was doing so, Cas smiled softly as he clicked to open the message thread.
Everything about this town reminded him of the man he’d once loved. Still loved. And despite the pain that those memories brought, Dean couldn’t deny that he missed this place.
As he lay there waiting for his breathing to slow, he wondered why he’d had such an explicit and intense dream about Dean. Cas was pretty used to seeing Dean’s face in his sleep, but it hadn’t been since they first met that he’d had dreams where they’d each stripped the other naked and worshipped each other like that. With a frustrated sigh, he realized that his body was probably craving closeness with Dean, and his dreams were the outlet it was using to protest their continued distance.
“You’re right. I get it, and I’m sorry. This is a disaster and I really should have seen it coming. But... I have to go find him, Dean. I’m really sorry to leave you like this, but please stay and have a drink or whatever. I’ll see you later?”
“Oh my god, no way! Really? You’d do that?” She asked, practically bouncing on the soles of her feet. “Jacob absolutely
“Of course, it does,” he muttered, trying his hardest to not look impressed but failing spectacularly.
Cas could feel Dean’s eyes on him and Jacob, watching them while they were eating. He tried to keep his attention solely on Jacob and mostly succeeded, but it was still incredibly distracting knowing that every time he looked up, he would be able to see Dean. He looked beautiful. He was relaxed back into his chair with the sunlight streaming through the window, casting a golden light over Dean’s hair and making his eyes shine. Every time they accidentally made eye contact, Cas would have to quickly look back to his food, knowing that if he really started to look into those eyes, he would never be able to pull himself away. It had always felt that way.
Dean felt a pang of guilt at that, but allowed Benny to continue talking about the epitome of kindness that is Charlie.
“I uhh- I was heading back to my hotel after my gig at Charlie’s tonight.” Dean said, his cheeks flushing. He knew that Cas would have been informed of his request that he not be there this evening and he felt a little embarrassed.
it felt. It had always felt incredible to kiss Cas, but after 7 years of pining for it? It was like air to a man drowning.
“Fine,” Dean grumbles. “But as soon as we’re done, we are both going to pretend that Cas doesn’t exist for the rest of the night, deal?”
“I loved him, you know. I loved him so much, Charlie. He’d only have to smile and I felt like nothing could ever go wrong in the universe. Even the way he said my name made my heart race, and it never occurred to me that there was a chance I could lose him. The thought just— it never entered my mind. He understood me better than anyone, and he taught me things about myself and about love that I never even knew I needed to learn. I would have actual daydreams about waking up in his arms for the rest of my life. I would think about slow-dancing in the kitchen in the middle of the night rather than going out to clubs, and it being perfect because we were together. He was everything to me, Charlie. He was my home.” Cas twisted his fingers in his lap and swallowed hard, trying to keep his emotions in check. “Walking away from him was the hardest thing I’ve ever done, even if I count dealing with the aftermath of the accident and taking Jacob on. It just never even compared to what it felt like to walk away from him the way I did.” Tears started to spill and run unchecked down Cas’ cheeks. “I just- I never…”  He paused to regain control of his voice, ignoring the tightening in his chest that was seven years of unexpressed hurt.
He went back into the bathroom and applied a moisturizing face mask. Dean used one about once every week or two, especially if he’d been crying at all. It was a secret that not even Sam knew about, (and it was going to stay that way, he wasn’t going to give Sam more ammunition to fuel his “Dean is a diva” joke collection) but he loved the way his face felt so smooth and soft after using one. Also, the smell of the mask was pretty delicious, and he liked to use one when he was particularly stressed out because the delicate scent helped to ground him into the moment when he felt like he was floating untethered in his own mind. He’d read about the idea on a mindfulness blog, tried it once, and had been using this method ever since.
another word out of him,” Charlie said, barely able to construct a sentence through her laughter. “You’ve gotta give the kid credit, that was a pretty genius move. Definitely worthy of wearing his chosen shirt to school,” she teased.
“YES!” Jacob burst out, sliding down the bench of the booth a little as he lost himself to a giggling fit.
They had gradually moved closer together, drawn towards each other like they always had been before.
He remembered how angry he was that Cas had lied to him and led him on when in reality he obviously didn’t want that future with Dean. Did he want it with someone else? Was Dean just someone to pass the time with and give Cas a bit of an ego boost? He couldn’t imagine a world where Cas would be that cruel, but nothing makes sense. And why would Cas have kissed him like that? The way he’d kissed had felt like he’d been starving for it and had finally found something he’d been seeking desperately. Could Cas have felt he’d made a mistake and regretted breaking up with him? If that was true, then why hadn’t Cas sought him out any time over the last seven years?
“I- wow, Dean. That’s amazing. I don’t even know what to say,” Cas said, his heart fluttering at the kindness and beauty that filled Dean from the inside out.
“I’m pretty great as it goes. I love my bar, I love my friends, and I have a great girlfriend. Gotta say though, I have missed your obnoxious ass, even if you did hurt me pretty heckin’ badly. I was angry with you for a really long time, and it wasn’t until I started hearing your songs and seeing how much pain you were in that I was able to forgive you. Like, I get that it was Cas you were running from after he cut you so deep, but it wasn’t just him that you left behind, ya know?”
Draining the last of his tea, he realized that Dean was likely upset, angry, and alone. The thought sent him into a mild panic, and his breathing became fast and shallow.
I hope you’re all doing okay in the current climate. I might be slower with updates (though I actually do have the story completely finished) because unfortunately I managed to get Covid-19. I’m doing really well and I’m now on the road to recovery, but it’s taken it’s toll on my energy levels among other things.
Winchester. You’ve got this. Also, I know you don’t need reminding but you did promise to think about hearing him out. I think this is all your mind’s way of telling you that you’re ready to really listen to what Cas has to say. Don’t you kinda want to be able to put this all to rest, even if it does cause a bit of pain at first?”
“So,” said Dean, watching carefully for Charlie’s reaction. “Are you going to tell me why you look like you got even less sleep than I did if everything was really okay last night?”
“That’s so great to hear. He’s crossed my mind a couple of times over the years,” Dean said. “Actually, I did a tour the year before last where I donated all the profits to a charity that supports people with Down Syndrome and helps them with work training and stuff. They also do this thing where they pay for accommodations for parents whose kids are in hospital wards where parents can’t stay with them overnight, so that the parents can stay close by and not have to commute so far to be with their kids.”
“I swear to God, Charlie, if you take his side right now, I think I might start pulling out my hair.”
The song Dean sings in this chapter (that also gives this story its title) is by a band called Blue October. I do not own these lyrics, nor do I have any rights to their music.
Dean snorted and then buckled over laughing. His eyes were scrunched shut, his hand was covering his forehead like he was trying to hold himself together and failing miserably. As the laughter continued, Dean’s face filled with a flush of the most stunning color. The freckles that dusted his nose and cheeks popped against the red, and they were even more prominent than usual. Cas felt breathless. Watching Dean laugh had always been something he’d loved, but in that moment, he remembered exactly how much he loved the sound of it, too. He loved the way Dean didn’t ever hold back a single chuckle. He loved that he was completely unapologetic, and Cas was convinced it was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He couldn’t take his eyes from Dean, who was now trying to stand upright. He reached out to steady himself using Cas’s arm, and Cas instinctively pulled him closer, one hand flying to Dean’s face to cup his cheek.
“I am, Charlie, I really am. I know things aren’t going to just be fine and fuck knows I’m not expecting him to want to be friends after this. But I meant what I said, and however hard it is and however much it hurts me, I owe him this. For the record, even though at the time I couldn’t see a way to tell him the truth without either dragging him down and having him waste years waiting for me; or having him think it was all his fault outside of just thinking we were incompatible… I would do things differently if I could go back and do it again. I truly would.”
“It’s not a game, Dean. I’m so sorry, I really don’t know what came over me. I’ll let you go. I’m just- I’m so, so sorry.” Cas said, his face a picture of distress and regret.
Dean thought to himself as he awoke the next morning. His head was pounding, and he was pretty sure he could actually hear colors. He rolls over as slowly as he possibly can, gingerly testing his muscles and assessing damage. Rolling over didn’t help his head any, but nothing else felt too out of sorts aside from his stomach churning with the movement.
“It’s a communication tool used for people who are struggling to talk to people for whatever reason. Jacob has one because he’s difficult for people to understand unless you know him really well, so it’s to help him get his thoughts and needs across to people who don’t know him, or don’t spend a lot of time around him. People who aren’t as familiar with his speech patterns and don’t know sign. Other people might use it if they’re completely non-verbal or something like that. It’s really cool, actually. It has tons of pages and each section is color coded and is a different part of a sentence with pictures or symbols next to the words. Important people in his life have their own little cartoon version of themselves next to their name. Basically, he points to the word or symbol, turns to a different page and then points to another word or symbol until his sentence is complete. It has all his favorite foods, places, and activities too.”
it if you would slow down a little while you eat!” Cas gently chided. He dipped the napkin in his own glass of water and reached across the table, taking Jacob’s face carefully in hand so he could wipe the offending stickiness away.
“Let’s go ride the steam train,” suggested Cas, hoping to cheer Jacob up. The small train ran on a track around the lake and Jacob always loved being able to see the entire thing without having to put too much energy into it.
“I promise, we can listen to as much Danny Gruff as you want once you get home from school, but for right now you really need to put your uniform on. Your bus is going to be here within the next ten minutes.” Cas knew they were going in circles and couldn’t see a way out of it. His brain wasn’t performing at full capacity thanks to the lack of sleep. He wouldn’t be surprised if Jacob’s head suddenly turned into a giant coffee cup with how badly he was craving caffeine to give him a little boost. He’d woken up with barely enough time to grab a cup as it was, and that was
After he waved goodbye to Jacob and the front door closed, Cas sat down at the breakfast table and pressed his head to the surface in a mixture of exasperation and a fair amount of guilt for not being the most responsible adult earlier. Laughing at something he should probably have been chiding Jacob for wasn’t sitting with him well, but he couldn’t help it. That child was about 96% sarcasm and sass, and honestly at times he was just so cute while being an absolute little shit that Cas wasn’t capable of doing anything more than chuckle. To be fair, he had at least left the room before breaking down into silent laughter.
Thank you also to PrettySin who was on hand to assist with smut, and to DarknessBound who checked for speed, clarity, and reality. Without you, this chapter would probably have sat staring at me for another month.
“All right, I get it. Jacob comes first and always will.” She said, looking at Cas with love and sympathy in her eyes. “Damn, you really did right by that kid,” Charlie stated. “Who’s watching him tonight?”
“I don’t know, Charlie. I get what you’re saying, and I trust you to not ask me to do something that’s going to end up with me in a worse place than I am right now… but I’m honestly chicken shit. Seeing him last night was so fucking hard. It was hard because it was so easy. Yeah, it was a bit awkward at first but we fell back into our old patterns of talking and teasing so quick it was like being slapped back into being twenty-one and in love. I can’t afford to feel or think like that.”
He decided that going clothes shopping was a necessity if he was going to stay here much longer. Seeing as how he kept finding excuse after excuse to not leave town, well, clothes shopping was what he was going to do.
Cas had to fight an eye-roll at that. Even after all this time, Dean still couldn’t accept a compliment or someone praising him.
That was the last that Charlie was able to speak for several minutes. Her fit of laughter was so strong that at one point it genuinely occurred to Cas that he should offer her an inhaler, or maybe suggest that she goes to the bathroom.
With all the dignity he could muster, Castiel turned on his foot and fled through the back door into the cold of the night.
It had been a while since he’d made something fun for breakfast, so with that thought he jumped up to go get it started.
“That’s really mature of you, Dean. It can’t be easy having to relive what’s caused you so much pain.”
Yet, so much anger still filled him. Cas had kissed him, and he’d allowed it. He shouldn’t have let him! Cas had no fucking right to do that, especially considering he was the one who told him that he wanted nothing to do with him anymore. He’d made it abundantly clear that it was
Jacob screwed up his face in concentration as he slowly and carefully picked up the sopping wet bread and transferred it to the pan. “Look, Cas! I did it this time! No splashes!” His face was lit with an ecstatic glow, and Cas’s heart melted a little. All annoyance from having to take a second shower today instantly dissolved. Jacob had to work a hell of a lot harder to reach his goals and learn new things, so when he succeeded there was so much more to celebrate. Learning to cook French toast was absolutely fantastic, and despite his teasing he was really pleased that Charlie had caught the whole thing on video. She continued to film him until the entire stack of bread had been transformed into the finished product. It looked a little messy, and some bits were more cooked than others, but Jacob made the entire thing himself with only minimal adult input.
as my boyfriend. I actually shouted it at him,” Cas finished. The look on his face continued to betray the remorse he felt over the reprehensible act he had committed in his efforts to do what was right in an impossible situation.
so closed off with people, and for the first time he was really seeing the benefits to that practice as long as it was around people he trusted. Opening up to other people, even in small ways, was helping Dean keep his head on straight. He also just loved having genuine friends in his life, ones that weren’t just people he had to be around because of his job.
Dean didn’t often fear his own thoughts anymore, but the ones he’d been having since seeing Cas and Jacob at breakfast had terrified him. Getting at least some of them out and on paper had helped him to face them, and he was eternally grateful for having that outlet. Things didn’t feel quite so brutal, and it was with a newfound sense of ease that he finished his drink, picked up his guitar, and set back to work.
“Here, boy! Come on, we’ve got to get back inside. It’s cold out here and I have treats waiting for you. Don’t you want some treats?”
He saw when Cas picked up a napkin and shook his head in a half-adoring, half-exasperated way. He saw him lean across the table and take Jacob’s face gently in one hand. He saw when he tenderly and lovingly wiped syrup from Jacob’s face.
know that Jacob lived with him? If he already knew, then all Cas had to do was explain how it came about and the reasons behind it. It might be a little less shocking for Dean if he already had an inkling.
“I want yellow! I love Danny Gruff and yellow,” Jacob announced stubbornly with a frown on his face.
He had also seen them red, swollen, and with tears clinging to those preposterously long lashes on the night he had told him he was leaving. He had felt the guilt in his gut, knowing that he had been the one to cause that anguished look in them.
“And the fact that it’s still over a week away, that’s not got anything to do with it right?” Charlie asked, a glimmer in her eye. “Seems to me like
“Dean! It’s so good to hear from you!” Sam’s voice trilled through the phone. “How have things been going?”
It’s not that Dean hasn’t been doing laundry, because he absolutely has. The issue is that he was only planning to be away from home for about four days, so he only had enough clothes for four days with him. Even with doing his laundry frequently, he felt like he was wearing the same three shirts over and over (because he was).
“Speaking of singing, I heard from Benny that you were looking for someone to play at the party for Jacob. I- uhh.. I’d like to offer to be that someone. If you and Cas are okay with that, of course.”
Dean had been playing around with a melody for the lyrics he wrote earlier. His eyes were red and puffy, and his face was stinging from the salt of his tears. He was finally getting somewhere though, and the music and lyrics were slowly coming together.
Having drained the rest of his drink, he put his empty glass on the bar and headed off to find Charlie to say goodnight. He found her talking to the man who had introduced Dean to the audience both nights he had played there. Dean was pretty sure the guy’s name was Benny but didn’t want to make an ass of himself if he got it wrong, so just reached out to shake his hand, then pulled Charlie into a tight hug.
“Dean,” she sighed. “It’s not my place to go into any of that. I really do think it’s sweet that you want to check up on him and make sure he was all right after he left last night, but other than telling you that he’s safe… I just can’t say more than that.”
“It felt a lot like it does with you, actually. The ease of it, I mean. It’s was a lot more natural and comfortable than it is with anyone else, except maybe you.”
“I don’t normally do those kinda gigs,” Dean said with a thoughtful look on his face. “But I do like doing them. So much personality and feeling - plus there’s just something special about being a part of such a hugely important day in a person’s life.” Dean’s face turned wistful, his eyes becoming slightly glossed over and a barely-there smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “You know what? Give me the date. If I’m free, I’ll do it.”
“I know, I’m thoroughly looking forward to it. It’s been a long time since I heard his voice. I don’t count the time that caused me to have a meltdown,” he joked.
“Jacob, this is really good,” Cas said after swallowing his first bite. “Making dinner for everyone was such a lovely thing to do. Taking care of your family and friends is a wonderful way to show them that you care about them. Thank you very much.”
“Yeah, yeah. I’ve missed you, too. So, what do you think? Wanna play another night for me?” She said while batting her eyelashes in an over-the-top way.
“Deal,” she concedes. She then turns around and marches through the bar towards her apartment upstairs, not even checking to see if Dean is actually following her.
Collapsing into bed seemed like a really good idea, but Dean decided that this flurry of emotions could be put to better use by fuelling them with some more alcohol and sitting down to write.
Cas laughed with him and told him that was a brilliant joke, but inside he was trying to stop himself from crying with happiness. Jacob was able to remember the entire thing and was able to tell it to Cas. He was telling real jokes now! It thrilled Cas, and he was completely overcome with pride in his little cousin. He managed to hold himself together and when Jacob’s head reappeared from beneath the table he pointed at Jacob’s chin.
“Sweetheart, I know. It wasn’t about us. You were doing what you needed to do to survive at the time, and I can’t hold that against you,” she said sincerely. “How is Sam doing these days? Did he ever marry that girl? The super-hot one from San Francisco?”
Resigning himself to having to interact with the public today, he once again dragged himself off the bed and into the bathroom once more. He was a little pissed that he wouldn’t just be able to go pick up his car and then spend the rest of the day holed up in his room eating junk food, but this was clearly his punishment for having gotten so drunk last night. As he showered, he very deliberately did
With each word, he felt his heart accepting and embracing the events of the night. He was crying, but allowed himself that, knowing that he always wrote his best pieces when his emotions were raw and unrelenting. Anger layered on top of heartbreak and confusion had wrecked him to his core, and this time it felt like there would be no coming back from it. He had spent so many years trying to push the memory of Cas as far from his mind as possible, and in one night he had effectively torn the seal on those memories. They weren’t just from the distant past, now they were blended with fresh ones. He could still smell Cas on his jacket, could still feel Cas’s hand on his face, could still taste him on his lips. And the part that hurt the most was how
Dean paused for a moment, his mind racing through all the follow-up questions he now had, and then something clicked, and he only had one question he wanted to ask.
“She talks about you a lot too, Dean. Always goin’ on about how proud she is of you for doing so well. You can see how much she cares, and how much she misses you. Honestly I can’t believe I only just met you ‘cause I feel like I’ve known you for years with how often she goes on ‘bout you.”
“You don’t have to decide right now, Dean. Just consider it. That’s all I’m asking. I honestly think it would help you both,” she says gently. Dean wonders what Cas could need help with, knowing that it must be something just from the way he was going back and forth with his reactions to Dean’s presence, but he decided for now that he just didn’t have the energy to ask.
“I do. I really do,” he sighs. “It threw me, seeing how Cas was with Jacob. There was so much sweetness in everything he did. Did you know we talked about having children together?”
Instead of just rinsing his mask off in the sink, he figured that a hot shower would be much more calming than just splashing some water on his face. The water pressure was marvelous and felt amazing as it beat down on him and pounded the muscles in his back. They were aching from how much tension he was holding in his body over the stress of talking to Cas and fretting over what he was going to say to him. He massaged body wash into his shoulders, slowly digging out as many knots as he could. Then he raked shampoo-covered fingers through his hair, scratching at his scalp and groaning at how good it felt. Once he was fully washed and pampered from head to toe, he stepped into one of the fluffy hotel robes. He briefly considered asking Garth where it was supplied from, because god
“I already ordered drinks. Figured you’d still be a strong black coffee kinda guy,” Charlie said with a grin that didn’t quite make it to her eyes.
There will be other songs by other bands in later chapters used as songs that Dean wrote, but all songs will be credited to the original artists.
Dean needed a distraction. He turned on his heel and marched back out of the park, heading towards the record-slash-coffee shop. He’s greeted by a young guy who does a doubletake when he recognizes Dean’s face. Dean smiles at him and starts browsing through their music collection.
“Theme nights? Dean interrupted. “Oh God, Charlie! Please don’t tell me you host karaoke nights. Please. I don’t think my soul could take it.”
“Oh, I absolutely am. Thanks, I need it. I can’t even tell you how awful the coffee I tried drinking this morning was. I’m not convinced they weren’t trying to poison me if I’m being honest.”
He headed out into the bright sunlight, thinking about the pancakes and bacon he was going to have in order to fuel his day of writing. Once he arrived at the diner, he seated himself at a table by the door and placed his order without even having to glance at the menu. While waiting for his food he read through his emails, saving the ones that were requests for him to perform so he could respond to them later.
“It’s important to people with Down Syndrome. It’s important to the people that love them,” Cas insisted. “You’re sending the message that you care and that they matter. That’s pretty fucking important if you ask me.”
“That’s you. That’s my Charlie. Charlie has red hair. I like Charlie, she’s cool.” Jacob was pointing to the Charlie statue’s hair and the black t-shirt with a happy face on it. It was pretty well done as it goes, and Charlie was asking him questions about the other statues. They decided that they would build some animal statues, and the first one was going to be Cas and Jacob’s pet cat, Gabriel.
“’Kay. Later, Red,” Dean said. He then hung up the phone and went back to work on his song some more. If he kicked his ass into gear, he knew he could finish it before bed.
Dean got to his knees and took Cas’ cock into his mouth, winking at Cas when he saw Cas watching. He always did look so beautiful with his lips stretched around Cas and the spark of cheek in his eyes. Dean used his tongue to get Cas completely wet, then stood back up to lock onto Cas’s lips once more. Cas took both of their cocks in hand, and slowly moved in rhythm with the way their bodies were grinding. They moved in this way, clutching one another, their sweat-drenched bodies slotted together until they were keening in ecstasy. Cas was losing coherent thought at how Dean fit with him in a way that no other body had before or since.
He didn't realize it at the time, but he still found comfort in his siblings simply beeing there, even when they resented him for his actions and his choices. But now that they are gone, Cas finds he doesn't enjoy being aware of things anymore, especially the loneliness he feels. There are few upsides to being aware if the only things to be aware off are pain and suffering, his own and that of others, Dean’s especially.
“If I have to read about the ‘glistening radiance’ of an angel’s true form on more time I’m gonna puke,” he groans and Cas gives him an offended look from across the table.
Dean’s jaw is still set when Cas offers him one of the glasses, but he takes it from him eventually, resolve faltering along with the tension in his shoulders because damn, they both know he needs that drink. “To Yaeger.” Cas says, after he sits down and props his feet up on the table. He holds his glass out to Dean.
Cas’ eyes not being clouded over helps more than it should to calm him. Their gaze is sharp as he stares the other man down. He could speak up if he saw the need, but even rugged and without his grace Cas is above the nonsense Walter keeps spitting at him and Dean finds joy in the fact that the lack of a reaction clearly makes Walter uncomfortable.
Reports of their scouting party tell them Lucifer is no longer at the location Dean pulled from that random demon’s brain and like before they lack clues on where to search for him next. But without the means to kill him there is no point in looking anyway, and newfound hope or not, they are back at square one. Without something bigger to work towards Dean can see his people becoming restless and he knows some of the more unstable ones are just one fatality away from going ballistic.
Dean strokes him until Cas is trembling and whining and squirming away. Still, Dean wants to touch him. Needs to touch him. So he wraps his arms around him to make Cas lie over him, and spreads his legs until they're as close as they can get.
“You’re sure you don’t want a beer?” Dean asks again. Even as an angel, Cas seemed to enjoy the occasional beer.
The thought that he could do this, that he could provoke the same fear into a little kid's mind always makes him want to puke. Even though Jack isn't his kid, even though the situation isn't the same, he still managed to convince that amazing kid that he wasn't worth Dean staying.
“Let’s go to my room,” Dean says, pointing to a door at the end of a small corridor. Cas nods and walks straight to it.
"Then we'll sell it too," Dean decreates. "We can sell them both and buy a bigger one. Get out of this nightmarish suburb and go live in the forest or something."
"Hey, what's up buddy?" he says, grimacing when he can feel Jack's wet face and snotty nose against the collar of his suit jacket. There goes the nice suit....
, Castiel wants to say. He can’t deny that a part of him is scared that anyone that will read that manuscript won’t be able to like him anymore. Charlie has the biggest heart he’s ever known. If she can read about that part of him and still like him, then maybe Jody can. Maybe
The next morning, Dean has a moment of panic when he wakes up and realizes they're tangled up around each other again. This time the hard dick is against
When Dean sends him a quick look, he's still leaning against the counter, the corner of his lips slightly raised up and eyes fixed on him. Dean's heart makes a summerault in his chest and Dean….Dean grabs the basket and flies to the bedrooms before he can start analysing what it could mean. Or worse: hoping.
to do. That boy hadn’t thought about anything but his brother’s needs since he was six. That just ain’t right,” Bobby affirms vehemently. Repeating his last words a second time in despair.
Cas' hand is still in his hair, not pushing, but pulling harder and harder. Dean loves it. He's always loved it when women would grab his hair like this, pushing his head closer between their legs. It feels just as good with a man, and Dean wishes Cas would just take what he wants from him, fucks his mouth until his throat is raw. He knows it’s too soon, but Dean is looking forward to being experienced enough that he can allow it. Hell, he's looking forward to all the training he'll have to do to learn to take more and more of Cas in his mouth, in his throat. The thought alone makes him moan around his mouthful, the aborted little thrust Cas makes in answer giving him a rush of adrenaline.
him. That's not Dean Winchester. Dean Winchester is a cocky motherfucker. He knows how to charm the pants off anyone and loves to flirt. He's good at getting laid. Hell, it's one of his greatest talents!
"What am I even doing here? Jesus," he grumbles, getting frustrated as he struggles to put his shirt the right side on.
Dean’s eyebrows go up. Castiel has never been the warmest boss, but he generally at least asks his employees how they are doing, especially in the stressing context of a worldwide pandemic.
“This is demon magic, no angel can use that spell,” Cas says as he walks to the map room and looks at the open laptop. “What is this?”
“Really? Because I can remember you asking for at least one first,” Dean teases, grabbing the last chocolate pudding. In retaliation, Cas slaps the back of his hand and puts the pudding on his own tray. He ignores Dean’s pout and goes to sit at their table.
"Like you said, it was a nice evening," Castiel says. He seems to hesitate before he nudges Dean's ankle with his foot under the blanket. "What happened before was also a nice surprise."
"Yeah, don't worry, I don't give a fuck what they think of me," Dean reassures, strangely touched by Cas' worry. What a strange little man.
"I know what you're gonna say. I've seen that movie before, Cas. You're going to bring me to that party, so you can parade me around like I'm some earned price or some shit. Meanwhile you get to appease mommy dearest and the clan of hyenas putting pressure on you to find a husband, while still having the satisfaction of giving them a huge fuck you by bringing a guy like me instead of the golden boy they're dreaming of."
I'm super excited to announce that this fic will no longer stand on his own, but will become part of a series named "The Art of running away"!
“You have to trust us on this, Castiel. Please,” she begs, shaking his hands until he looks back at her. “We’ve worked too hard to come this far. You’re in a better place than you’ve ever been. You have friends,you’re doing well at school. Hell, you’ve just had your first outing with friends today, that’s huge, kid!” she encourages, “but you need to take one step at a time. It’s all...relationships are hard. For
“Hi, ma’am. I’m Dean, and this is my little brother Sammy,” he introduces, shaking her hand in front of Cas’ nose and pointing at Sam.
Dean isn’t saying anything and his presence should not be comforting given their last exchange, yet it is. Castiel takes a deep breath and tells him what he's never said to anyone.
“Okay.” She nods but looks a little disappointed. “I’m glad.” She leans over and plants a kiss on his temple. She gets up and is nearly out the door when she stops and groans in frustration. “No sorry, I have to say it. I want to support you, you know I always do,” she says softly, “but I don’t think that dating Dean is a good idea,” she finally admits, almost reluctantly.
"Feels like you still gave those pompous asses a good time," Dean rasps. He hates the burst of jealousy in his guts at the thought.
“You don’t have to do all that,” Cas grunts, rolling his eyes. He may be nervous, but his friends are being overprotective and a little too dramatic. He’s just a survivor of a Cult led by a psychopath, not the president of the United States, he can go to Math Class without a bodyguard. He doesn’t tell her that though because he already told her many times and she doesn’t listen.
The fact that he acts pretty much the same with Cas is a little reassuring. Dean already feels so guilty that he can barely sleep at night, can barely
“Well it’s not like I intend to go to College anyway so…” Dean grumbles to his plate, just loud enough for Bobby to take it as a taunt.
Castiel obviously didn’t have time to brush his hair that morning, because it is all over the place. Now that he’s sitting in front of him, Dean has to make a fist to stop himself from straightening it out. Who knew he was that fussy about hair. Because that’s obviously what it is. Just plain old fussiness. Yup.
“That we do, buddy,” Dean says, raising his eyebrows a few times with a grin as he drops his pants. Cas blushes a little before grabbing the pants of the second outfit and throwing them at him. “You know, people generally want me to take my pants off, not put some on.”.
Castiel moans, just like he always did when Dean imagined it, closing his eyes for a second before he catches himself, blushing a little more, embarrassed.
“What the hell happened to you?” Dean said, grabbing his shoulders to stop Cas from going after the ball.
From then on, Jo becomes an integral part of their little group, while Kevin’s girlfriend comes back, rendering the other boy’s presence at their lunch table more occasional.
"Okay, first: this isn't a car, it's blasphemy," Dean says, pointing angrily at all the screens and lights around them. "Second: we're supposed to be dating, shouldn't you at least know what my job is?"
Castiel goes back to his room and lies down with a picture of Jimmy. It’s the same that was on TV, because it’s the only one he has. Maybe the only one that exists where Jimmy is still alive.
"No," Cas snorts, "I did throw a frog at him once though, does that count? He's strangely afraid of frogs."
It’s not easy. They have questions that Cas can’t or isn’t willing to answer to. The confinement also means that while the digital files are available, every hard copy is unattainable in the Edlund Tower Offices at the moment, because it’s on lockdown.
“Eh, I’m not gonna force you, kid. I just want you to know that you can talk to me. Or Pamela. I don’t want you to feel like you need to keep it a secret.”
It takes Dean two hours to make a path through snow from the house to the gate. By the end of it, he's freezing again.
," Castiel says, sending a teasing smile over his shoulder before he slides down under his side of the blankets.
Dean already seems over his disappointment, grabbing a glass from the cupboard and turning back toward the fridge.
"Are you sure? Because I've heard this kind of price can only be enjoyed with the help of a sibling," Dean says. "It's not half as fun alone."
Or not. Maybe he hasn’t even heard Dean. Or doesn’t care. Yeah, it’s probably that. Why would he, right? He probably has tons of more important stuff to think about than Dean and his blurb. Like pancakes for lunch.
It's harder than he thought to coordinate the movement of his mouth and that of his hand. He can't go as deep as he would like, can only barely fit the head into his mouth before it feels like too much, but Cas doesn't seem to mind. Dean is breathless way too soon, so he lets go of his mouthful to gulp in some air, hand still stroking as he trails kisses along the length instead.
“No. Cas,” Cas corrects. The hunter throws his head back a little in a laugh that turns into a gasp when the angel aligned his hips to his, their cocks sliding alongside each other for the first time. Cas trails his lips on the long neck suddenly exposed to him. Dean’s hands on his hips are guiding him to move in a languorous roll against his groin, the friction it creates making Cas’ head spin as all his blood rushes between his legs.
Dean smirks, taking a few slow steps closer, until he can grab the front of Cas' ridiculous jacket, "Actually, I think it's called propositioning."
"Will it?" Cas' eyebrow is dubious, but there is a smile on his lips that Dean can't help but kiss. They get a little carried away and Cas has to push him away. "Only twenty minutes left now," he reminds, feinting reproach.
Jack and Claire latch onto him as soon as they see him though, and they look so eager to spend the day with him, that he can't bring himself to disappoint them.
"What do you mean that doesn't change anything? Do you know how long it took us to even find that damn car?" Bobby reproaches. Yells, really.
"The what now?" Dean blinks dumbly for a second until his brain catches up to what is happening. "Dude, no, I'm done!"
Cas is opening his mouth to ask her if she’s being humorous or if he should be concerned, when Meg appears behind him, trailing her hands over his shoulders.
Dean’s soul comes closer to the Wave as it hovers in uncertainty. He reaches for it and the Wave immediately reaches back, grabbing eagerly at the tendrils of soul Dean is extending its way. They get closer and closer. Dean curls himself up and nudges against the center of the Wave. The Wave doesn’t move for a moment, poking curiously at him, so Dean’s soul nudges back. It doesn’t understand. Dammit. Dean concentrates, elongating until his form can reach the edges of the Wave and pull it close around him. The wave executes itself warily, enclosing his edges around the soul. It’s hugging him, holding it in its center, yet it’s not moving in the direction Dean wants it to. He doesn’t know how to communicate with it.
, Castiel thinks, gulping around a dry throat, the erection he refuses to touch throbbing between his legs. He takes a deep breath, and closes the tab.
When Dean turns back to him, Castiel diverts his eyes. His cheeks look even redder now, but it's probably just the heat of the water or the humidity or...something.
“Awesome. Come on!” Dean grabs his arm, nearly making him overturn the whole glass on himself as he drags him to the living room. What is it with this family and manhandling people?
Dean stays curled up there for a long time, on his knees with his forehead laying on the cold concrete ground, head buried in his arms. He doesn’t know if he prays or begs or if his thoughts are too much of a mess to get out of his own head. He just knows that in less than an hour he’ll have to get back up and he doesn’t know if he’ll be able to.
Dean doesn't go far though, something tackling his legs and nearly sending him to the floor. He huffs and grabs the kid hugging his legs, raising him in his arms until he's cuddling to his chest instead.
"You're welcome to come back anytime, if you want," the guy invites earnestly. With a last nod, he turns around and leaves.
“Cas!” Dean screams, rushing to their side. He grabs Cas’ arm, pulling to try and make him release his brother.
He discreetly clears his throat, eyes dropping back to his work as soon as Castiel starts to turn around. He can see the other man leaning back against the counter, watching him, but Dean feigns being focused on his laundry folding. He doubts he's fooling Cas by playing up his disinterest in the conversation, but what else is he supposed to do? Fall to his knees and thank the Gods?
Castiel starts to take off his shoes, making Dean mumbles "You're a godsend," into his pillow in thanks.
“No, you were right. I thought I had good reasons, but I could have handled this better,” Dean admits.
That night, he dreams of dark hair and blue eyes on a dozen different faces around him. Some are scared but most are resigned. When he looks at the ground, he only sees red and his own blue eyes looking back at him, devoid of life.
All in all, it's a very good day. The best Dean has had in the whole year, probably longer. By midafternoon, they all start to walk back at a more leisurely pace, all exhausted by their day, muscles relaxed from the springs, and bellies full of good food and wine.
Jody doesn’t let him take his book with him, so Castiel is pouting as he rings the doorbell of Jo’s house. A man with a beard and a prominent belly opens the door.
It feels like every time he blinks he sees Jimmy behind his eyelids; his shaved head and blue eyes; his gummy smile that looked just like his. It makes him long for the past. It makes him want to go
“Why don’t you want to go?” his foster mother asks, curiosity picked and a sudden frown between her eyes. “Did someone bother you?”
“I can’t believe my cousin didn’t tell me he was banging you,” Jo says, sending a reproachful look to Dean’s table, like it’s a great offense not to divulge the identity of any person you’re having coïtus with to your family.
Next chapter will be posted on Sunday! Not to spoil it but there will be a lot of cheese, cute kids and bed sharing!
The bed isn’t made, but the sheets look clean. It would be presumptuous to sit on someone's bed without an invitation, so he sits on a red leather armchair in the corner and starts to take off his shoes.
He's pretty sure that offering a stranger's kid to check under his bed would land him right in jail. Although Castiel didn't seem to care about leaving his child alone at Dean's house so who knows... Dean still doesn't feel comfortable going upstairs uninvited though.
"Good for him," Dean nods, watching Gabriel make an exaggerated reverence to a woman and kiss the back of her hand. Cas told him earlier than he's already been married twice, so contrary to Cas' situation, Naomi dreads him introducing a new girlfriend to the family. He's apparently brought some pretty colorful characters to their table in the past.
“We’ve got a case. We leave in 30, move your asses!” he announces once the two bedrooms doors are open and all the lights are on.
“You know I wouldn’t do this if I had any other choice, Jody, but we’re grasping at straws here,” Agent Henrikson is pleading.
She does that sometimes, when she needs to remind herself that he’s okay, like the fact that he has hair on his head means that he’s doing better. It’s probably true, because the last time he didn’t have hair, everything was horrible.
“Your disbelief is bordering on offensive,” he notes, “but yes. And they’re sports players. You’ve seen the movies, there is probably going to be alcohol and sex at this gathering. Maybe drugs,” he adds, sensing that Jody is changing her mind which would not be convenient for him.
“What are you talking about, Cas?” Dean says, looking confused. He looks ill at ease somehow, and Cas realizes that he can probably feel the intrusion of his Grace, unusually brusque and powerful. He holds back a little and Dean seems to relax.
“I am, thank you. I honestly don’t know how I lived without you for so long. It’s very big of you to just jump back in to being my counsellor even though I was a pig-headed asshole for so long.” Dean points out.
Thank you to Leah, my beautiful Alpha. She always knows how to give my ass a kick when I’m stalling. I don’t think there are enough words to say how much I treasure you and your input.
After a few minutes, the flashing images stopped and his heart had slowed. Cas exhaled slowly and moved to the mini fridge to grab some water before forcing his mind back to the numbers in front of him.
Cas kinda melted a little, holding one arm out to wrap around the teen. He kissed Jacob on the top of his head, and his eyes went soft when Jacob hummed in response.
“He might not. And that’s okay, he’s allowed to feel whatever he feels about it. This was a big thing for him and it’s affected his life so damn much, Cas. But always know that you’ve got me and a whole bunch of other folks supporting you, whatever happens.”
Castiel’s dreams were often about Dean. The ones he could remember had always filled him with pain and guilt. He had relived the way Dean’s face fell and the tears he cried during the moment of their breakup so many times over the years, and the last couple of weeks had increased that number exponentially. He’d heard Dean screaming at him in anger and betrayal, the hurt strewn across his face and marring his otherwise stunning features. He would wake up damp from sweat, the screams still echoing in his ears, clutching his chest, and wishing with all his heart that he could go back to that night and change the way he’d left things.
Charlie looked a little freaked when she caught sight of Dean making his way over to her after he performed his last song. The final note had barely stopped ringing through the room before he was stepping off the raised platform and making a beeline to where she had been watching.
Cas laughed, and when the waitress placed the muffin in front of Jacob, Cas laughed again at how wide the boy’s eyes got.
“No,” Dean interrupted him. “You don’t get to tell me what you did or didn’t mean. You don’t get to try anything like that with me! Are you trying to see how much more you can hurt me? What the fuck kind of game is that, Cas?”
She was visibly upset but still tried to pass off a little smile at Dean as she reached out to hug him.
“Slow your roll there, buddy. He’s the manager at the bar, I emailed him the schedule for the week pretty much as soon as you agreed to it. It’s fine, it’s just how things are done. How did Cas get your number, though?”
They moved around together, with Dean using the flashlight on his phone to look into and under bushes while Cas held the branches out of the way. They made small talk as they looked, and before they knew it they had searched most of the block.
“That’s a great idea! Jacob will be excited either way, and if it all goes to plan then he will have that extra boost at finding out its Dean!” Charlie beamed at this, and Cas could see her trying to contain her excitement. This girl and her love for parties was pretty damn adorable. “And how are you feeling about him? Like… you know, emotions-wise?”
to get ahold of himself or he was going to start spiraling. He picked up his Mindfulness rock that he stored on his desk, focused on it,  and continued to breathe steadily.
Charlie playfully smacked his arm. “Dammit, Dean! You haven’t changed at all, have you? Just as irritating as ever.”
They were both smiling into the kiss, neither daring to stop or speak lest this moment come to an end. Dean’s fingers moved to the hair at the top of Cas’s neck and he continued moving his fingers in soft circles. His hair was exactly as soft as Dean remembered, and Dean felt crazy with the need to keep touching it.
“Dammit, Charlie,” Cas says with a smile. “Him lacking in experience and reminding you of a literal infant is not supposed to be a pro in the ‘should I hire this kid?’ column!”
Confusion. Surprise. Betrayal. Then last of all, anger flares through those eyes - sparkling blue, even from this distance.
He’d then feel bad for the ones who had missed out, so he would throw some more just for them. Cas admired the size of Jacob’s heart and the depths of his empathy. He’d never known someone with so much kindness inside them. Usually when you came across someone who seemed so kind, their kindness may be mostly real but there was always some sense of judgment or performative air about them or their actions. With Jacob, there was never anything even remotely false about it. He was kind, he never judged, and his happiness for others was one hundred percent genuine. Cas thought, as he often did, that the world would be a better place if there were more people as beautiful as Jacob.
“Wait, you know about Rowena? Yeah, they got married last year. It was a really great day, even if the ceremony was held in the woods and Rowena insisted on casting some eternal love spell as part of it,” he rolled his eyes at that. “They’re happy. I go visit as much as touring allows me to. I have an apartment in the Bay so I’m close to them when I go home, but I don’t get to spend as much time there as I’d like.”
"Mother told me she came to see you, and...I couldn't stand to wait any longer," he admits. "I don't mean to rush you or force your hand," he makes clear, "I just...I wanted to see you. I needed to know if I'm ever going to see you again or-or not," he finishes, hanging his head.
He’s taken aback at the expression that provokes on Dean's face. He’s seen those blown pupils and that particular mouth twitch before. Generally right before Cas has to close the lid of his laptop to leave Dean’s modesty intact.
Castiel frowns. He used to have a lot of siblings, and he knows how much work taking care of a kid is. He can't imagine doing it alone.
"Let's hope he's not in too much of a bad mood already or we'll have him on our backs for the whole day," Anael says as she walks away with Naomi.
But first, he leans down and takes his first taste of those lips. It's just a kitten lap, just teasing. It makes Cas' grips his hips harder, one thumb sliding under Dean's shirt and making him shiver. He looks up at Cas' eyes and there is not much blue left, dark pleasure having taken over.
Cas' eyes slides to Dean’s lips and it suddenly feels like he’s never wanted anything more in his life so he nods, wordless.
Thank you for all the feedback you're giving me, it reassures my low self-esteem to hear you like this story.
Dean stops on the sidewalk in front of the coffee shop, pondering if he should walk to the bar a few streets down or the motel. Sometimes Benny, the owner of the bar, lets him use the sink in the back to wash up. If he's lucky, he'll even get some leftovers from last night. It's generally just some stale pretzels, cold fries on good days, but it's still better than nothing. He's got two cans of beans and a car with an near empty tank to his name right now, so he's not picky.
“If Tamiel was killed, this might help us detect the power surge of his Grace as he died. Show me,” Cas orders. Sam rushes to execute himself, taping on the computer to bring on the right screen.
"I know," Dean says, more gently. "Cas told me about his dad." Naomi seems surprised by that. She's good at hiding her reaction, but he can see the way her eyes get wider for a second. "You don't own me any explanations either. What's done is done now," Dean tries to dismiss. He doesn't get why she's here or what she wants. He feels like everything that could be said on Cas and him has been said already. "And I get it, you know. I don't think I'm good enough for Cas either, so," he waves it off, getting up and hoping she'll follow suit.
"Is that why you were reduced to stealing in the past?" she asks, looking genuinely intrigued. She doesn't look like she pity him though, and Dean is glad because that would have just pissed him off.
Cas has seen the man Dean is in his personal life; how much he cares about his family, checking on them every day; how funny he can be; how he can put himself to work when he really tries. Why is he throwing all that work away now?
Dean has no idea how that happens, but the next thing he knows, he's lying half-naked on a massage table.
That afternoon, Castiel is having such a good time listening to the others endlessly teasing each other, that he doesn’t even think to look at the time.
"Dean," she says as what is apparently a sufficient goodbye. Thank God. "I'll be sure to see you on Saturday," she reminds just as they walk away.
Concerning the tags:  Dean explains to Cas that the only way he'll forgive him is if Cas masturbates in front of him. While Cas accepts, he's very nervous about it. He gets into it pretty fast and it ends up as consensual, but it does begin as coercion, hence the dubcon tag.
“Dean…” Sam warns. “What happened?” he insists. “It wasn’t about the whole liking thing was it?” he asks with a grimace.
Admittedly, there are a lot more knights than princesses at this party, although there are some slutty looking wenches going around and a few lady knights. The first one isn't very appropriate for a children's party, but neither are the couple guys dressed up as trolls with fake blood dripping from their mouths. The important thing is that Jack doesn't seem fazed by it, making the rounds to inspect everyone's costume and compliment people. Dean goes with him, wary of how people might react to Jack's outfit. His time with Jack has taught him that some people don't mind being assholes to little kids.
It feels like a new beginning and Castiel is determined to give this life a chance, to make it better than the last one.
“You’re not going to get high from that, Cas,” Dean explains more calmly, sipping at a red cup that mysteriously found its way to his hand without anyone noticing. Suspicious, Castiel grabs it from him and sniffs it.
There are so many things Dean wants to say, to ask about, but the one that gets out is the worst one.
Dean hurries to take the glass. "Huh...thanks," Dean says, looking at what looks too orange and thick to be an actual lemonade. There's an unidentifiable green thing floating on the surface of it.
Castiel is lost in his thoughts, blaming himself for his idiocy and his incapability to act like a normal person, when he opens his front door and hears one of the voices he dreads the most.
The guy mutters something that Dean can't catch, although he's pretty sure it goes along the lines of 'I'm not his dad.'
“Which I’m obviously not since I like you,” Dean grumbles to himself, searching for the Impala’s keys in his pocket.
“Dean, what’s happening?” comes a little voice. Cas looks up and only sees a blur, but from the mop on the head and the size, it can only be Sam.
Castiel is impressed. Both at the social ease that Winchester seems to express, as with the fact that he is doing actual work. On a Saturday, no less.
"I know you think my family is close-minded, and that their judgement of you has been harsh and unfair." He looks up at Dean, and nods to himself when Dean doesn't try to deny it. "You asked me to turn my back on them, not understanding why I could never do that."
“Fiona helped.” Of course, she did. “And-," Cas seems to ponder what he’s going to say, “-Sam gave me the money for the deposit and first month,” he admits, watching Dean carefully.
He gulps, takes a deep breath and slides forward until he's kneeling right in front of Castiel. He didn't think those blue eyes could get any wider, yet here they are, nearly bulging out. It would be funny if Dean's heart wasn't panicking in his chest too.
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asks, sounding worried. Cas realized that he’s been satring at that receipt for way too long. His eyes are moist with emotions when he looks up at the hunter.
Dean can feel Jack's hands relax on the back of his shirt as he takes a peek by his hips to check who's left in the garden. He seems to deem it safe enough, because he trots away to the vegetable garden on the right, squatting and poking at a growing tomato.
“I can give you back the physical version if you want, but I thought it would be easier to get it around once digitized,” she explains, a little hesitant as she gives him the key. “I also edited a few typos.”
There’s the sensation of something pushing him, a distinct rush sensation and everything disappears around him. Dean tries to grab his surroundings, to stay. Even this miserable place is better than the nothing he was in before. Images start passing all around him, as if he’s running from one scene to another or living his life in flash forward. He can see
They exchange a small smile before a shriek from further down the lake catches their attention. The girls have managed to both get on the same floater, though their equilibrium seems precarious. Castiel can’t help but smile when Charlie notices them looking and waves hello their way, her movement making them topple over completely. The girls re-emerged from the surface of the water with Jo glaring and Charlie laughing.
Jody comes and sits on the bed behind him at some point. He doesn’t look up, sitting on his desk chair and staring at those sheets. He can hear the sound of her voice, but can’t understand her words, never even consider answering. It reminds him of those first eight months they lived together, when Jody kept taking care of him and being kind to him when he couldn’t even find the will to say a single word to her.
“Well, you choose the best day to come back! I brought us premium meat for tonight and some cherry pie. And not some gas station’s cherry pie. Pie from an actual
Cas' rolls his eyes with a smile. "I'm serious. I'm not sure if...I hope it will please you and not torment you in any way."
Plus, if that guy can get away with that kind of decor, the neighbors probably aren't the nosy, controlling type. Which is a plus for Dean, because he hates it when people get all in his business.
"Are you kidding me?" Dean exclaims when he finishes moving the pile of metal junk from the garage to the bin, like Bobby asked, only for the old man to show him another pile of junk.
Castiel is a few feet to Dean’s right. The hunter has never seen him look so enraged. Dean has never felt so enraged himself than he is when the angel holding Jimmy puts a blade under his throat as a warning not to approach.
) at home. You can buy raclette cheese cut into slices. Everyone has their own little pan where they put cheese and potatoes and cold cuts, then put it into the machine to melt. It's a very popular and a friendly kinda meal. I had one last week. It's awesome and delicious and you can't have a good winter without at least one raclette!
“Stop screaming,” Cas moans, as someone wipes at his mouth with something. It’s not clear who, because he can’t open his eyes anymore.
"I-," he hesitates. He feels like crying. He's never felt so desperate before, so hopeless, so scared for his own life. "The cops, then," he says, sniffing. He hopes that guy will believe it's just because of the cold, he'd like to at least keep the tiny bit of dignity he has left by not sobbing in front of a stranger.
"I know," Cas interrupts him. "Of course I know that. It was all my fault. I'm sorry I ever caused you any wrong. You're a good man, Dean. No matter your past actions, I know that in my heart," he swears. "I won't regret those days with you, I never could," he adds, shaking his head. Like he can't stop himself, he cradles Dean's face again, pushing their forehead against one another.
A plate with a huge burger is put in front of her, and Jody’s smile grows larger, radiant. Cas has never seen her like this. She moved her whole life away from everyone she has ever known for him. She’s never happy anymore.
"Now I'm getting inside because my balls are about to freeze. You're welcome to join me once you get your head out of your ass," Bobby declares, turning around and going inside.
Dean can feel his breath literally get caught in his throat. He suddenly can’t breathe, it’s like his whole throat closed up, and oh my god is he having an actual allergic reaction?
He feels like burying his head in the crisper drawer and never getting out of there. He suddenly understands where that urge comes from for ostriches. He coughs again to try and give himself some time, but this is Castiel, he’s not that easy to deter and when he wants an answer he’s ready to wait endlessly for it.
“Thank you for taking care of him,” Cas tells them sincerely. “The problem seems to be that now he won’t stop doing it,” the angel says, teasingly scolding his son.
"Dean?" Dean startles at the touch of Charlie's hand on his arm. "Are you okay?" She frowns at him, looking worried. He realizes that he's raised up, that his breath is shallow. He looks up and Castiel is walking in his direction, looking concerned and having probably noticed Dean's distress.
Yeah, that sounds exactly like the conversation he was hoping to avoid after his blurting out fiasco.
Naomi squints at him like she isn't sure if it's supposed to be an insult or compliment. To be honest, Dean isn't sure either.
That didn’t sound very professional. Maybe Castiel should have a talk with Winchester about professional conduct regarding their clients.
They haven’t said it yet. It seems so obvious, body and soul, that it should feel natural to say those words out loud, yet they haven’t.
“No,” Cas says, gulping as he’s already noticing some people throwing him looks as they walk toward the building.
"Come on Ricky, you owe me that money!" Dean says on his phone, taking a step forward when the line of the coffee shop shortens.
She takes a little card from her jacket's pocket and slides it on the table toward him. It has Castiel's name and contact information on it.
Castiel must not be very spiteful though, because he gets back to work a second later. Dean throws his head back, biting his bottom lip to try and stay as quiet as possible. He's never been very loud in the bedroom, has certainly never been a screamer, yet there's a shout in his throat right now that the whole family would probably hear if he dares to let it out.
"What about your father, couldn't he have cared for his own child?" Lucifer asks. Like always when Lucifer talks, the bluntness of his tone grates on Dean's nerves.
“How could they have gotten inside? This should not be-” Sam despairs, thinking it over. He gets up so brusquely that Dean nearly falls backward. “I need to go check the wards, see what happened,” Sam says. He vacillates, grabbing the table again to stabilise himself.
“Meg,” he salutes. “I’d like to get up, please,” he asks, as amably as possible despite his irritation. She has straddled his hips, an arm on each of his shoulders. It’s making him even more uncomfortable than the fact that the underwear from the girl next to him is now on the ground.
In answer, Cas pushes Dean's knees a little higher. He releases them suddenly, making Dean scramble to catch his thighs in his own hands or have them flop down the side of the bed, as Cas goes to search the nightstand. A few seconds later, he's kneeling back in front of the bed again, right between Dean's legs, a bottle of lube in his hand. Dean blushes when he realizes he's basically presenting himself, holding his legs spreaded and pushed against his chest. How wanton he must look. He can see nothing but heat in Cas' gaze though, see it burn even hotter when he feels himself clench and release under the observation.
The next thing he knows, Dean’s on his ass on the floor with a throbbing eye and an ex-angel in his lap. He looks up, dazed at what just happened. Castiel has one hand massaging the back of his head where he bumped it, the other one on Dean’s shoulder as the hunter’s hands are still gripping the front of his shirt.
Before Dean has time to react, Castiel is getting up. He's grumbling and scrubbing at his eyes. His hair is in more disarray than ever, and from Dean's view on the ground the tent in his sweatpants is very impressive. He doesn't pay any mind to Dean, except for grunting what kind of sounds like a hello before he drags his feet to the bathroom.
"For trying," Cas says, releasing Dean's finger and starting to step back. Dean grabs the front of his shirt to keep him in place. "And because I wanted to," Cas confesses, more coy than Dean has ever seen him.
There's a picture of Sam with his arm around a pretty blond girl. He looks like a man now. Last time Dean saw him, he was in his late teen, scrawny and gangly. Now he's filled up, his features sharper. His hair is still too long and shaggy for Dean's taste, but that makes him smile. How many quarrels did they have about Sam's  hair? Dean used to tease him relentlessly and hassle him to get a damn haircut, but Sam had a weird thing about hairdressers ever since he was three and one nip at his ear with the scissors.
deliberately avoided any hints into his personal life. It was a way to protect himself. Cas knew that he’d never moved on from Dean, but that was because he hadn’t wanted to give him up in the first place, right? Jesus, the entire reason he’d said such cruel things to him on that night was so that there would be enough anger to enable Dean to hate him and move on with his life! Had he not even accomplished that? Had he really just doomed them both to years of misery, and confusion with some pretty deep feelings of worthlessness for Dean?
After they said their goodbyes, there was a knock on the door. Dean dove into the pizza with gusto, watching Firefly on his phone while he ate. He knew he was going to have to start writing once he was done, so he allowed himself some time to chill. He needed a break from his emotions before jumping back into them.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake, I’m getting all misty eyed over here! I love that boy so damn much!” Her voice did sound a bit thick as she said the last part. “He melts my heart, Cas.”
Charlie and Jacob were both sat cross-legged on the floor with a tray between them holding snacks and drinks. The reading for school was long since done, and Charlie had written the word’s that Jacob struggled with into his reading record booklet. Jacob was now talking Charlie through all the things he’d created in this world, including the statues.
A waitress appeared with their drinks. Dean made sure to be as dramatic as fuck as he tasted the coffee. Sighing as though in complete bliss, and holding the mug with both hands like it was the most precious thing he’d ever held. Charlie snorted at his theatrics.
Before Charlie even had a chance to look through which characters had made the cut, Jacob enthusiastically pointed to the picture of Spider-Man and said “that’s me!”
“Oh, right.” Dean was puzzled by this revelation but brushed it aside. Inias was probably out for the night and had left Cas to babysit. “How is Jacob doing these days? God, he must be so grown up now. It’s been such a long time since I’ve seen him.”
He could feel the rush of emotions as his own words from the past came to meet him in song. Tears pricked his eyes, but he kept on going. His eyes glancing around the room, searching.
Jacob rolled his eyes at the adults, looking back and forth between them. Charlie, though still breathless, had just managed to sit upright on the floor instead of being curled up and face down on it. Cas was bright red in the face from the strain of not laughing. Shaking his head at them as though they were being absolutely ridiculous (which, okay, maybe they were a little, but dammit that kid was so funny sometimes!), he declared that he was going to go get ready for bed and promptly left the room.
Thinking that it would be completely fruitless to point out the fact that at school he would have no way of playing any of the songs for his friends, Cas kept quiet about it. Jacob wasn’t a fan of logic that didn’t fit his desires.
Cas woke up gasping, already on the verge of coming. Without pausing to think, he reached his hand into his sweatpants and fisted his hand around himself. A groan escaped his lips at the contact and he ached for more. He replayed the events of his dream, and the image of Dean taking his entire length in one go had him inching closer and closer to release. He was desperate as he fucked into his own hand, so much precome having dripped down his shaft that lube was completely unnecessary.
“Jacob will likely burst with excitement at getting a birthday present from one of his favorite singers!” Charlie exclaimed. “I really hope I get to see his face light up over it! He loves you so much. I swear it must drive Cas bonkers at times. But oh my gosh, Jacob is just going to be beside himself. You’re going to see the ‘Jacob’ smile and your entire heart is going to squee!”
“That’s what I like to hear,” Dean grinned at her, helping himself to a beer. “Benny mentioned Jacob was a fan and that you were looking… so, yeah. Let’s do this.”
“You have chocolate syrup all over your face,” Cas said while reaching for a napkin. “You’d probably get more food
When he came out of the bathroom, he reluctantly made some coffee. He knew that it was going to be less than pleasant but he was absolutely not in a fit state to traipse into the world to hunt down better stuff, and he seriously needed a caffeine fix.
,” grumbled Cas with an over-the-top eye roll. “But yes, it was… awesome. It just felt so easy to fall into conversation with him. You know how much I struggle to connect with people. You know what a big deal that is to me.”
He walked down the hallway and back into the kitchen, a towel still being rubbed against his head trying to dry his hair off enough that it didn’t drip all over everything. He could hear Charlie’s words of encouragement and the musical sound of Jacob laughing with glee.
“Charlie, Cas texted me and he wants to come to my next gig at your place. I only just agreed to play for you again this morning! Holy fuck, I am freaking the fuck out,” blurted Dean as a way of greeting.
They ate their waffles together, talking about everything Jacob was hoping to do at school. Cas was once again hit by the overwhelming sense of rightness. Whatever other personal and relationship issues it had caused, there was no way he’d ever regret having this incredible little human enter his life.
There was the park where they’d fallen asleep side by side on the grass. Cas had declared that he could find as many constellations in Dean’s freckles as he could in the sky and then pinned Dean down so he could attack him with a pen to prove his point. They’d both laughed until they were breathless, then fallen asleep clutching one another. He walked through, assaulted by memories so vivid he could almost feel Cas’s weight against him.
He wrote and wrote and wrote. He crossed out words and reorganized lines. He added more lines, and moved them around until the words on the page reflected what was happening in his heart. When he was finally done, he moved his hand to the top of the tear-splattered page and wrote one more line; the title.
“Nope. Danny Gruff shirt. I want to show my friends! My friends don’t know him, so I can show them his songs!”
“Does Dean know about why you really broke up with him? Does he know about Jacob and how he came into your life? I mean, I always assumed he knew, but the way the two of you were tonight and the way you’ve been speaking… I’m kind of getting the impression that I assumed wrong.”
He wandered around the store grabbing some standard and basic underwear, socks, jeans, and a couple of flannels to go over the top, but wanted to get T-shirts that he’d genuinely wear again.
“Share! You have to share,” a frustrated sounding Jacob told them, tossing a few more seeds to a duck on the edge of the group.
“I firmly believe that it’s going to be fine. You both want this and you’re both preparing yourselves for it. You’re also both probably going to cry, but that’s okay too.” She pauses for a moment before continuing. “Are you planning on texting him again before you see him?”
“He still insists on sleeping nude most of the time. We’ve come to a compromise that he has to at least wear boxers, and he has to put a t-shirt on before he leaves his room in the morning.” Cas said in exasperation. “And as for his birthday, I haven’t actually gotten that far yet,” he says, scratching at the back of his neck. “I want to do something really special for him and have a celebration with everyone he loves, but it wasn’t all that long ago that he had his Bar Mitzvah. As much as he loved being the center of attention during the service, the actual party itself was really overwhelming for him. There were just too many people around. I’m sure you remember how he was feeling by the end of the day. He just wanted to go home and listen to music. I just worry that it will be much the same now.”
“Fuck!” He was going to have to go buy a new charger today. Apparently during his drunken rage, he’d tried to plug in his phone with just a tad too much vigor. The cable was almost completely ripped open near the end, and the wires within were exposed and frayed. The phone, of course, was completely dead.
Cas threw on some clothes after his shower, marvelling at Jacob’s ability to cover him in French toast batter even when Cas was sitting five feet away. He should probably at least be relieved that none of the mess made it onto the drawing he was working on, but seriously, Jacob? The hair? Did it have to go in the hair?
During the course of their conversation, Dean filled her in on his talk with Cas, and about the shirt he got for Jacob.
A cursory glance in the mirror showed that outwardly, not his was different. He looked good, his hair wasn’t the bucket of sweat he was expecting, and the sudden rush of adrenaline had given his cheeks a bit of a flush, which actually didn’t look too bad.
He was becoming more able to keep his emotions near the surface in a healthy manner, too. Dean was very familiar with needing constant access to his feelings as it helped him as a writer, but often it meant that they spilled out when he was least expecting. Sometimes they were suddenly unloading at inopportune moments. Because of this, he often avoided conversation with others in case things got deep enough to scratch the thin surface. He was much better at talking about them than he used to be when he was younger, though. Writing his feelings so often had caused him to not be
Dean orders a coffee, and while he waits for it to arrive, he powers up his phone to see who might have been trying to contact him while he’d been living in his own little world. The first thing he sees is a message from Charlie that had come last night asking him if he was okay and saying she was there if he needed to talk. Judging by the timestamp, it must have come while he was in the midst of his rage-induced writing incident. Hmm. Cas must have said something to her. Wanting to put her out of her worries, he responds to her message.
“I might be, kinda depends on the tour schedule. Some are booked way far in advance, others pop up only a night or two before. Why? What did you have in mind?” Dean asked him.
“Guess I won’t be finding out then. I don’t have any plans to speak to him after what happened last night. I don’t even want to see him.”
“No. He doesn’t. I know Dean well enough to know that he would have fought for us. He would have said that it didn’t change how he felt about me, that we could raise Jacob together, that he would stay away but wait for me until the two years were up and I could be in a relationship without risking residence. I couldn’t do that to him. I couldn’t ask that of him and telling him the truth was as good as asking him, because he’d have done it without hesitation.” Cas took a deep breath, his face twisting into an expression of regret and self-loathing. “I uhh- I kind of told him that I didn’t want him at all. He asked me if I just didn’t want to be tied down while I was getting my art degree, or if I thought he would be a distraction. He thought I was trying to get space because I was 21 and only just starting college and wanted to take it as seriously as I could. But I needed him to back down, not fight, and not ask questions... so I told him that it wasn’t that I didn’t want a boyfriend, it was that I specifically didn’t want
It was 5:40am, and he had to be up in twenty minutes to get Jacob ready for school. Definitely not worth it to get back into bed.
“Dean, I’m going to say something right now that you’re not going to want to hear but I want you to just humor me for a second.” She widens her eyes in question and waits for Dean to nod before continuing. “There are things that you don’t know. Things that I can’t be the one to tell you. I know Cas really wants a chance to talk to you and explain things, and I really want you to consider letting him. Do you think you could do that? You could get the answers you’ve been craving at least as long as you’ve been back in town, and you might gain even more than that out of it. I don’t know for sure, but it’s gotta be better than what’s going on right now, right?”
He owed Dean the truth, and Jacob deserved to not be hidden from anyone. He was just too much of a light in Cas’s life to appear as though his role in it was being kept as a secret. Cas also didn’t want to have their living situation and the life Cas has built around Jacob be something that Dean found out through someone else. That was bound to happen eventually, this town wasn’t that big, and everyone knew each other.
“There were just… things. I wasn’t allowed to date, but there was more to it. I was told that he… No, It’s not my story to tell. I don’t hold it against him, and I know he would have done.” Cas scowled to himself briefly. “I honestly thought that with what I actually did, he would just hate me for a bit and then move on. How the hell was I ever that naïve? Dean is different.” Cas paused, dragging a finger up his mug to wipe up a drop of tea. “I should have known he was different. That
He sees the small café that Ellen and Bobby used to run before they’d packed up and left town to retire, before even Dean himself had left. It was still open and running, but with faces he didn’t recognize in the place that he’d known so well. He walked past the bakery where he and Cas had once bought eclairs, only to make such a huge mess eating them that they’d dissolved into having a frenzied make-out session while they licked each other clean. There was the record store he’d dragged Cas into after discovering his abysmal taste in music. The place was now half record store, half coffee shop which Dean thought was kind of a cool venture. He makes a mental note to check it out on his way back past.
His answer comes in the form of a literal horde invading his lawn the next day. They are about thirty people dressed up in middle ages attire. Jack's eyes when he takes a look into the garden bulge out and he lets out a happy scream that manages to make everyone shuts up for a second before they answer with a roar of 'Happy Birthday!', raising fake swords and axes in the air.
"Yeah, that sounds like an even worse weekend alright," Dean admits. He looks down at his lap, scratching a nail against a stain near his knee (damn mini eclair). "I don't know, Cas. How far are we supposed to go? What if your family finds out about the lie?"
this. What the hell is even sexual identity when confronted with something this good? Who the fuck even cares anymore?
When he arrives on Dean's doorstep, the man's eyes pass over Dean's salmon polo shirt and beige khakis pants before he grumbles something in his beard. In the next move, he has an arm under the kid's knees and is lifting him up on his hip. Dean can only blink at his back, dumbfounded as the man stomps back toward his house.
"Okay…" Jack says, still pouting a little and hugging Cas' neck. He looks like Dean took a shit on his coloring book.
Daisy's looking up at him with huge brown eyes, her chin resting on his thigh. He throws a look at Bobby on the other side of the table, but the old man seems engrossed in his newspaper, like every morning. Dean discreetly cuts off a piece of his bacon and slides it under the table. It's immediately gulped down by the dog.
“I’ve never tried it,” Cas says, distracted because he’s still trying to answer the first question in an appropriate manner. “Dean, I don’t know if I should be h-”
Dean smirks against his mouth. “Damn, those powers really come in handy,” he whispers, getting back enough to be able to look into Cas’ eyes without getting cross eyed.
He looks around, searching for another witness to this weird display, but there is no one around, just a bunch of houses that look exactly like his. He's not a fan of the generic look with the beige walls and white porch, but it was the most decent house he visited in his price range, so it will have to do for now. Like the real estate agent told him, it has 'potential', a blank canvas that he gets to decorate to his taste.
He couldn't help but find the scandalized face Naomi made when Daisy was a little too enthusiastic in her hello and left a bunch of muddy paw prints all over her pristine pants hilarious. She's still trying to brush them away with her hands. She probably knows it's useless. It looks more like a nervous move as they walk through the chaos that is Bobby's living room. Her eyes linger a little on the couch. The sheets and pillow are still rustled from last night, and Dean's backpack is at the foot of it.
“I mean, there’s nothing exactly pulling me away right now. I have the next few weeks off from touring so I could focus on writing. I find I don’t write as well if I’m exhausted from being on the road, funnily enough. I could stay a little while longer. Maybe even write a little while I’m here.”
Dean froze as he read through the text several times in quick succession. His mind started racing, and his heart was beating so fast in his chest that he had to sit back down. He breathed through his panic and reminded himself that he was the one who gave Cas his number. He offered to talk to Cas and to hear him out, and this was just the result of that offer. That was all it was. He stored the number in his phone and tried to keep his breathing slow and even. As he felt himself calm slightly, his phone vibrated in his hand and another text came through.
He didn’t bother even trying to slow down or hold back as the heat pooled in his stomach, and within moments he was panting through his climax, whimpering Dean’s name into the dark.
Cas tried to remove the thought from his mind. It was something he would have to worry about later, and really, would it be the worst thing in the world if Dean
“You’re worth it, and I know it wasn’t personal. Plus, I’m basically a goddess and a goddess has to forgive her worshippers for their misgivings and transgressions, duh.”
As he was going through the T-shirt’s, he came to one that had the Death Star as a Pokéball on a black background. Dean immediately snapped a photo of it, and before he could think better of it, he sent it to Cas.
After his chat with Benny, Dean felt like he could do with some more socializing because being around other people was feeling pretty fucking great. It wasn’t something he usually allowed himself to do, and at that moment he couldn’t think of a single reason why he should continue in that way.
“Okay. Well, thank you so much for tonight. You were amazing as always! I’ll speak to you soon,” she said with a smile.
He finally turned to look at Charlie and was surprised to see that she had a few tears running down her face, too.
It was fierce, it was hot, but more than that it felt like coming home. His soul had been craving this feeling for so long, and a single tear fell down Dean’s face. Dean didn’t dare move to wipe it away, fearful that if he stopped kissing Cas for even a second that the world might actually end.
“Ughh. I was hoping you wouldn’t ask me that,” Cas said, covering his face with his hands. “I’ll admit, I’ve been experiencing heightened feelings for Dean again since seeing him. And I’ve got a lot of relief coursing through that Dean hasn’t just written me off because of that kiss. At least I know myself well enough to be really fucking certain I’ll never put Dean in that situation again.”
His phone was silent for a good while and Cas wondered if he’d screwed up enough this time for even Charlie to despair of him. He moved over to the couch and slumped into the cushions, crooking an arm over his face and trying to drown out all thought.
Dean growled in frustration at his own thoughts, furious with himself for liking that kiss so much. He could try to convince himself that he was just focusing on a tiny part of how he felt because he needed to let things flow freely so that the words could come out on paper, but even that was a weak argument with himself. He knew that he had loved having his hands in Cas’s hair, and that his entire being had wanted to curl towards him when he let out that quiet, breathy moan. A moan that had been caused by Dean’s fingers teasing at the soft skin on his back.
