I mean, I’m not used to seeing you in anything but dress clothes.” God, did he sound as idiotic as he thought he did?
“Ah, I see.” Cas grinned, and felt his heart strings being tugged on. “So, your favorite day would consist of camping, cheeseburgers, pie, Smores, and stargazing, then?”
And Dean just felt more and more guilty as the meeting went on, because try as he might, he couldn’t keep his eyes off of Castiel.
“I love you, too,” she said. “That’s why we’re getting married in a few months.” She looked down at the ring on her finger and beamed, holding her hand up. And despite the fact that they both had morning breath and had vowed not to kiss each other until they’d both brushed their teeth, they pecked each other’s lips gently as it seemed the occasion called for it. Then they both smiled and climbed out of bed to get ready for work.
It took Dean several moments of looking back into Cas’s eyes before he finally allowed himself to slowly push himself up to sitting. He took the bowl from Cas, ignoring the smile on the other man’s face, it just made him feel even more uncomfortable, and ate. Cas wasn’t a great cook by any means but the soup wasn’t terrible either.
Dean gave him a small smile. “It’s no trouble at all,” he said. And he let out a deep breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding when Castiel grabbed his back pack and left the room.
“I take it a library, donuts, and coffee would be your perfect day,” Dean said, coming up behind Castiel as he looked around.
Dean’s eyes went wide and he swallowed. He hadn’t seen one of those in years.  He stepped away from Castiel as he started to panic.
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered as he brushed Dean’s cheek with his fingers. “I’m so sorry you felt like you had to hide this from me. From anyone. You don’t, Dean. You are so beautifully flawed. Whoever made you believe that you are less than, I’m so sorry. I’m here, Dean. And I’m going to take care of you.” He ran his fingers through the other man’s light brown hair again. “Dr. Singer says you are going to be okay. I’m not going anywhere.”
Dean cringed a little when he found out about Cas’s love for dogs, because he was not a dog person.  Hell, he wasn't an animal person, period.
“He-hello,” the man said, timidly, blinking, as if he wasn’t sure what he was looking at. And Dean realized that people must not be used to seeing others wearing animal masks. But Dean was certain that however confused or frightened the stranger was by his appearance, what was under the mask would be much more terrifying for him, and so he kept it on.
“Dean?” Cas said, searching his boyfriend’s face, and his hands went to his mouth when Dean reached in his coat pocket and pulled out a silver ring and held it up.
“I’m fine, Cas,” Dean insisted, laying on his side, his hands tucked under the pillow. “Go to sleep, okay?”
Dean and Castiel both received apologies later that day from the students involved in the newspaper article. The girls were blushing fiercely and looking thoroughly embarrassed when they entered Dean’s room.
Dean looked at him, and his eyes were so soft, and so genuine, that he found himself relaxing slightly already. “Distract me, maybe,” he said, and God he hoped that didn’t sound inappropriate. He really hadn’t meant it to.
Cas smiled at him softly. “I love you, Dean,” he said. “And I am so proud of you. I know it hasn’t been easy, these past few months, but you are doing it, and you may not have noticed the change in yourself, the progress you are making, but I have. And it’s beautiful.
“Could I maybe . . . take you out to coffee, or something, to say thank you for helping me and all?” He didn’t want to make it sound like he was just asking him to say thank you but he hoped that maybe this would make it easier for either Dean to ask him on a real date or for him to segue into asking Dean.
. It had been five years since he’d seen the boy, but holy fuck, Cas wasn’t a boy anymore. He’d grown up, and if it was possible he was even more handsome than when he was in high school. Same tousled dark hair of course and striking blue eyes, even from a distance, but his face was now covered in stubble and he was more filled out, more toned, less cute, Dean would say, and more strikingly handsome.
because he found the man with the fox mask to be somewhat intriguing, and because he’d finally found someone who shared his love of books, and made the world's most delicious tea.
“You don’t have to believe it yet, Dean,” Cas said. “But I want you to practice saying it anyway. The more you say it, the more you will come to believe it. It’s going to take time, Dean, to get your father’s voice out of your head, to get his lies out of your head, but I’m here for you, and I will help you.”
Once again Castiel found himself being so very thankful for his sister and he squeezed her hand as she left the cottage, and he returned to Dean’s bedside with another cup of tea, his medicine mixed in. He roused him as much as he could, just enough to get the liquid down his throat, cleaned off the inevitable spills again and then pressed his lips to Dean’s scarred cheek, unaware that the other man wouldn’t have felt it, even if he had been awake, and climbed onto the bed next to him once again.
Twenty minutes. Twenty minutes and he would be standing at the alter, waiting for Lisa to walk down the aisle.
God, it was getting hard to breath. And his hands were shaking as he sat on the bed and slipped his dress shoes on.
Cas slid off of the bed and onto the floor now, his heart shattering into pieces for the beautiful man in front of him. How had Dean lived so long with so much pain, so much grief, so much torment? He didn’t deserve this. He deserved love and acceptance, and most of all the truth. The truth about who he was on the inside, and the outside.
There was kindness in his green eyes, and in his voice, and Anna found herself reaching for the dress, and standing, and he gripped her arm, and helped her to her feet.
It was fall, and Dean loved fall, and everything that came with it, especially pumpkin spice, so he got in line to order his favorite pumpkin spice latte and that’s when he got a glimpse of something, or rather, someone in the corner of the cafe that made his heart stop, and he stared.
Cas swallowed. His heart rate picked up. Especially when Dean’s eyes roamed over his face, and fell on his lips, and his hand moved to Castiel’s other cheek, stroking it with his thumb.
“This?” Cas asked, brushing his thumb lightly against the corner of Dean’s lip as he looked at it, and he could see the other man’s chest rising and falling, could hear his breathing getting heavier.
“So did I, Dean,” Castiel said with a smile. And he wasn’t sure what came over him, or maybe he was and he just couldn’t help himself anymore, but either way he reached up and placed a soft kiss on the side of Dean’s mask, and he heard the other man’s breath hitch.
And when he woke up the next morning, he was concerned for the briefest moment that he’d scared Castiel away, because his side of the bed was already empty, but then he saw a piece of paper on Castiel’s pillow with a single word written on it.
“You’ve made me happier than I ever thought I could be, Dean,” he said. “I hope . . . I hope I’ve made you happy, too.”
Castiel shrugged and turned to face him. “If you went to prom with someone who swung the other way, and you didn’t know it, wouldn’t it kind of ruin things for you?” he asked.
“I’m sure you will,” Castiel said. “That’s okay. Tears are never wrong, Dean. Especially when they help us heal.”
“Music,” Dean said, and he closed his eyes, once again resting his head against the back of the seat, and Cas smiled. And the other man started to snore softly, and eventually his head fell to the side and rested gently against Castiel’s shoulder. And Castiel let him stay.
Dean grinned. “Really?” he said. “You’re sure it had nothing to do with your grades or SAT scores, or any essays you wrote, or extracurricular activities?”
Dean was sitting in an early morning teacher’s meeting a few weeks later, barely able to keep his eyes open and sporting the world’s largest cup of coffee that could be, wondering what on earth they all to be in at seven in the frickin morning for on a Wednesday, and on top of that hating himself because for the past three weeks he’d had the same dream about a certain dark haired man with blue eyes that he just couldn’t seem to shake and it was driving him insane and making him feeling tremendously guilty at the same time. Not that it was his fault. He knew he couldn’t control his dreams, and it wasn’t like he was searching Castiel out or having little trysts with him behind Lisa’s back or anything, but still, part of him couldn’t help feeling bad that while she was busy planning their wedding and asking him about flowers and decorations and music for the reception, he was having erotic dreams about another dude.
Castiel ate the lunch Dean made for him, and then decided to head for home so that Dean could get some food in his stomach too.
“It’s not that bad,” Castiel said. “It would take a lot more than snow to keep me away from you, Dean.”
“Hey,” Cas said, running his fingers through his hair as he walked into the room. “You just get the formal apology?”
And he left, feeling slightly less relieved than he had the first time he’d said goodbye to the man in the fox mask.
“Was it just me, Dean?” Cas said, taking a step closer now. “These last six years. Was it just me on my prom night that wanted to dance with you . . ?”
Dean released his grip on the arms rests but he couldn’t hide the fact that his hands were shaking, and he leaned forward and folded them together on his lap instead, and then started running his fingers through his hair.
“You ready for a new adventure?” Dean said. “California. You’re going back, huh? That’s a long way from home.”
Cas smiled and left, and not for the first time, he wished the next two days would go by a little faster.
“Dean, are you okay?” the other man said, and only then did Dean realize that he was biting his lip, hard, and bouncing his leg up and down, and his hands were gripping the seat rests so tightly his knuckles were turning white, and they hadn’t even left the ground yet.
He’d never had any sort of even semi erotic dream about Cas before, even with all of the feelings he’d had for the boy in the past. And they
Dean stood. His hand gripping Castiel’s tighter now. “No,” he said. “I lost you once to California, Cas, and it took me five years to get you back. I can’t let you go.” He stepped close enough that there was barely any space between them and planted a kiss on Castiel’s forehead, and the other man closed his eyes, trembling, and crying.
Dean swallowed, but nodded. “Would you like to come in?” he asked. And he had to fight to tell himself not to ask Castiel to go away instead. That he deserved this. Deserved friendship, deserved companionship, deserved love. Deserved Castiel. Everything in him told him otherwise as the voices,
“Are you okay?” he asked his sister, looking her over from head to toe for any sign of injury or mistreatment. “Are you hurt?  What happened?”
“I, uh . . .” he found himself at a loss for words, and swallowed, because Dean’s gaze hadn’t faltered. He was staring directly into Cas’ eyes.  And his eyes, Cas was noticing, were warm, and green, and his face was covered in freckles. Beautiful freckles. He swallowed harder.
“You ready?” he heard, and looked up to see Castiel standing in front of him. And apparently the meeting was over, and he hadn’t even noticed because he was too busy freaking out like a frickin thirteen year old girl. A thirteen year old girl who’d been having spicy dreams about a coworker that is, so okay, maybe this was a slightly different scenario, but Dean still felt like he was back in junior high. He had to pull himself together. He’d done it once, for an entire year, kept his feelings for Castiel in check, and he could do it again.
Castiel’s chest felt tight. He had knots in his stomach. He knew he needed to do this, but he hated it. He hated that he needed help, especially with something that it seemed like no one else needed help with.
“I just want you to be happy, Cas,” Anna said, resting a hand on her brother’s shoulder. “It just seems like you are either working or stuck inside reading all day. I’m just saying there’s more to life than books and your job, and maybe you are missing out. You never know what’s out there until you look.”
They headed inside after that and changed into fresh warm clothes, and Castiel drank the tea Dean made him. He made it a point to leave right after so Dean could have some as well and promised he’d be back the day after tomorrow as long as the weather didn’t get worse.
A moment later he heard his phone buzzing and saw that it was a text from Lisa. He knew something was wrong when instead of excitement he felt guilt and fear, but he didn’t have time to deal with either of those emotions right now so he buried them and opened the message.
Dean flushed and was hopeful that somehow Castiel didn’t notice. “Oh,” he said. How the hell was he supposed to do that? Not that he couldn’t find a million and one good things to write about the boy but he just felt like any letter of recommendation from him would be a tad biased. Still, he felt like he owed it to Castiel to be a damn professional about this. What was he going to tell the kid?
They arrived in DC in the evening and headed straight to their hotel to check in. Dean and Castiel were not the only chaperons but they were the only male ones and as such they would be sharing a room. They made sure their students were settled and knew the rules. No loud noises, no sneaking out, no drinking, etc. Fortunately they had a good group of kids and weren’t worried about their behavior. They were only allowed to go on this trip if they were trustworthy and reliable after all, and they knew if any of them acted up or misbehaved they would be getting hell from their parents who had payed a bundle to make this trip possible in the first place. Half the students had worked their asses off to pay for the trip themselves.
“I killed my mom, Cas,” Dean said, his voice shaking, tears filling his eyes anew and spilling down his cheeks. “It’s my fault. She’s dead. She’s dead, Cas, and it’s all my fault.” And he found himself burying his face in the other man’s shoulder and sobbing.
“Here, drink this,” Dean said, handing the woman with the long red hair a cup of herbal tea and sitting next to her on the bed. Not to close though. He wasn’t used to strangers and he wanted to keep some distance. She seemed kind enough, but he hadn’t spoken to or interacted with anyone in years and he wasn’t sure what to expect. Still, when he’d found her unconscious in the woods, soaking wet, he couldn’t very well leave her alone. She might have died.
And when it was finally finished Castiel stood over his handiwork proudly and gestured for Dean to test it out.
Dean looked up at him, his green eyes searching, as if trying to see if Castiel was telling the truth.
Castiel couldn’t remember the last time he’d cried. It had been years. And maybe he was naive, and foolish even to think that after all these years Mr. Winchester- Dean, might still be available, and that if he were available he’d have any interest in dating a former student. But Castiel had had a hopeless crush on the man since his senior year. It had scared the ever loving shit out of him when he’d realized it. When he’d realized that Mr. Winchester was the one he wanted to ask to prom and no one else would do. When he’d imagined what it would be like to kiss him, and hold his hand. When he realized that the man’s smile made him week in the knees. He had a passion for teaching and learning that Castiel had found infectious and a love for his students that was nothing but endearing. He’d been more than a teacher to Castiel. He’d been a mentor, and a friend, and Castiel had hoped, dreamed, that maybe, after graduation, after college, they could be something more.
And Dean just looked at him for a long moment. “I don’t know how, Cas,” he said eventually. “I want to, but I don’t know how. And I can’t help feeling like . . .” he glanced down as all the self doubt and self hatred came flooding back, eating away at him again, his father’s voice burrowing into the recesses of his mind.
Dean blushed fiercely under his mask and bit his lip. He wasn’t accustomed to being flirted with, but he was pretty sure that’s what Castiel was doing. And he didn’t mind one bit.
Cas nodded. “Okay,” he said, although he still felt weird about the idea, but not weird enough he was going to lose a whole nother night of sleep over it. He couldn’t afford to.
“Oh,” Castiel said. “My parents died a while back. I miss them a lot too.  Anna and I, we kept each other going. I think Anna did more for me than I did for her. I was kind of a mess, honestly, and being the oldest she picked up the slack, but we got through. I don’t know what I’d do without her.”
“No,” he whispered. He looked around frantically in the carriage to find any sign of what might have happened to his sister but there was nothing. And she could be anywhere.
“It’s getting dark,” Dean said. “And these woods are dangerous and easy enough to get lost in even in the daytime if you don’t know them well. It would be safer it you stayed the night.”
Castiel sighed. “Okay,” he said reluctantly. He felt guilty but he knew how stubborn Dean could be and this argument was getting ridiculous.
“Sorry,” Castiel said, catching a glimpse of Dean, who turned bright red and looked away, clearly flustered at the sight of him. “I had pants in there but they got wet so I have to find new ones.”
“Yeah, but it’s been a long time,” Castiel said, awe in his voice, as he turned back to the shelves of books. “And I don’t think it will ever get old.”
But Castiel was beaming at him and wouldn’t stop telling him how proud he was, because afraid or not, mask or not, he was here, and that’s what mattered.
Cas wiped away more tears as he sat at the airport waiting to board his plane. He’d left the church after talking with Dean. He couldn’t stick around for the wedding after that. Didn’t think he should. He’d just made out with the groom after all, and then been rejected. Surely Dean would understand. He’d told him to go after all.
. He didn’t know what to say. This was so . . . sweet of Castiel, to offer him something personal of his. And after Dean had practically kicked him out of his home the last time he’d visited. If anything he felt like he was the one who should be making amends, not the other way around.
Cas chuckled at that. “Seriously?” he said. “I thought it was pretty obvious from our first interaction that I was interested in you, Dean.”
Dean and Castiel exchanged glances with each other as they sat, and Dean could tell from the look on Castiel’s face that he was just as perplexed as he was.
“Scouts honor,” Castiel promised, giving Dean a salute. “As soon as 4’oclock rolls around, we’ll peel out of the school parking lot together, race home, and you can show me how the old people get down and dirty.” He grinned at his husband.
Meg looked up as the bell above the door to her shop rang, indicating that someone had entered, and she smiled mischievously. She never tired of seeing Castiel in her store and today was no different.
Cas grinned. “I also know that you, Mr. Winchester, are nothing if not well versed in the art of self control, and we have to be at work in twenty minutes.” He pressed his lips to the tip of his husband’s nose, and unwrapped his legs from around his waist, and Dean huffed.
Anna took the bed that night and Castiel slept on the floor next to her. Dean slept in the kitchen, curled up on the floor. And Castiel noticed he still was not removing his mask even as he slept. And he was getting more and more curious. But even stronger than his curiosity was his exhaustion and he found himself drifting off to sleep in the strange man’s home.
“Can I talk to you for a minute?” Castiel said, and grabbed her by the arm, taking her over to the corner of the small cottage.
Cas moved his fingers to Dean’s jaw line. “This?” he asked, looking into the other man’s eyes as he did.
Dean nodded. “You’re welcome,” he said. “You are lucky to have each other.” He sauntered over to the counter and set the basket down on it. He was eager to try the banana bread and the cider but that would mean taking off his mask and he was not willing to do that in front of Castiel. He hadn’t eaten any of the soup the other night for the same reason.
“I love you, Castiel Novak,” Dean said softly, pulling away. “And it’s time for me to take my own advice, and chase my dreams. In this case literally, all the way to the airport.” He smiled and cupped Castiel’s face in his hands, and looked into his eyes. “You are my dream, Cas,” he said. “You’ve always been my dream. The boy in the front row of my classroom with the raven hair and the sapphire eyes. The boy with the infectious laughter and the heart of gold. The boy I wanted to dance with on his prom night more than anything in the world, and kiss stupid under the stars on that tour bus around DC. The boy I want to wake up next to every single day for the rest of my life. Please, Cas. Please don’t leave.”
And his chest began to hurt as Dean’s hair tickled his jaw. Because he knew this was as close to the man he loved as he would ever be.
“Sorry for the early morning everyone,” Principal Ackles said, addressing the room full of exhausted teachers and staff, “but we had a phone call from Mrs. Anderson last night and she’s informed us that she’s been instructed by her doctor to be on bed rest until her baby is born so she’ll be at home for the foreseeable future, and we hired a teacher to take her place, and I wanted to introduce him to you. He should be here any minute. He’s actually a former student who graduated from Stanford recently and moved back home, and has taken this position very last minute, so he’s doing us a big favor.”
Dean blushed and smiled. “I didn’t want to assume. I thought I was doing most of the flirting, and I didn’t want to scare you off by asking too soon. I’m glad you asked me for coffee. It made asking you a little easier. Sorry I wasn’t braver.”
“Cas, now’s not a good time. You need to focus on finishing up the year first. You can’t handle a dog right now, and I don’t
“We can go anywhere you want after this,” Dean said. “I promise. Just humor me. It’ll only take a minute.”
“Rest,” Cas said, standing and pulling the blankets up over him as he slid down. “I’ll be here when you wake up.”
know what happened to his face?” Castiel asked, swallowing a lump in his throat. He was shaking even more now.
“Dean?” Cas said, racing forward, noticing the pale look on the other man’s face. He grabbed Dean’s arm and draped it over his shoulders.
And he climbed onto the bed and let Dean’s head rest in his lap and began to card his fingers through his hair once again as he sang, and the other man drifted asleep, and for the first time, Cas saw a soft smile spread across Dean’s face, and it was the most beautifully imperfect thing he’d ever seen.
Dean wanted to protest but he was too exhausted. His anxiety was spiking as Castiel entered the room once again, and he couldn’t believe how calm the man was when he looked at him. He had to fight the instinct to grab his mask, or to cover his face with his hands or bury it in the pillow.
God he was such a screw up. Lisa deserved so much better. But he couldn’t bear the thought of telling her that he was having second thoughts. She would be heart broken. She would hate him. He already hated himself.
Panic started to seep through his veins. How long had Dean been sick? And he was out here all alone, no one to take care of him, for the past three days. Castiel felt horrible now for not coming sooner. And what if this whole thing had happened because he’d insisted on dragging Dean out into the snow the other day?
He repaid him with food and another book which Castiel deemed was much better than money and gladly accepted.
“Anna wants me to pick these materials up today,” he said, handing her the piece of paper he’d pulled out of his pocket.
Dean hesitated slightly but really couldn’t think of reason not to. “Sure,” he said. Wouldn’t hurt to catch up with one of his old students, right?  And he had planned on staying.  To do work, orginally, but he didn't want to blow Castiel off just because he was a nervous idiot.
He hadn’t said anything. He didn’t know if he should or not. He figured they would stop eventually and he still hadn’t seen Cas since the coffee shop. In fact he’d intentionally stayed away from the coffee shop so that he wouldn’t run into him ever since the dreams had persisted because God knows that would be all kinds of awkward and he didn’t want to do anything to jeopardize his relationship with Lisa. Telling your fiance that you’re having sexual dreams about a former student that you truthfully were once in love with would be awkward enough, but if she thought you were meeting up with them on occasion it really wouldn’t look good.
Cas had tears filling his eyes now. But if wasn’t because Dean wanted him to leave. It was because he knew why Dean wanted him to leave. Because Dean was so ashamed of his appearance. Because he didn’t believe anyone could see him for who he truly was and still accept him.
And Dean lifted his head now, tears streaking his cheeks. “Get out!” he bellowed, and pointed towards the door.
Cas had to rouse him to get him to drink his tea, and then pressed his lips softly to Dean’s temple as Dean rolled to his side once again.
“If I had to guess, I’d say it’s burn marks. Pretty severe ones from the looks of it. And old, too. Been there some twenty odd years from what I can tell. Whatever story goes along with em, I’m sure it ain’t pretty. And I gotta be honest, it don’t look pretty either, so you might wanna prepare yourself.”
“Who told you that you were a monster, Dean? People aren’t monsters because of what they look like. They’re monsters because of what they do. And you, Dean Winchester, are no monster. Of that I am certain.”
“Please,” the man said, timidly. “I didn’t feel right changing you myself, but you will get sicker if you don’t get into dry clothes. I think this will fit you.”
His seventh year teaching history at Lawrence High School. He had a secure job that he loved, and wonderful home with a beautiful woman. He was getting married. Everything was just perfect.
Castiel looked back at him. “I’m sorry you understand what that feels like,” he said. “And I’m sorry you are so alone out here, Dean. Not saying I’m glad my sister got lost, but, I am glad it led us to you.”
She smiled. “I’ll be leaving in a few days,” she said. “For the fair. As soon as I get my last few designs together. You gonna be okay?”
“He should pull through,” Bobby said. “But he’ll need around the clock care for several days. I’ve given him a mixture of garlic and echinacea herbs that should help bring his fever down and help with his cough. If the fever doesn’t break in the next 36 hours you come back and get me, ya hear?”
“Castiel, I was beginning to worry about you,” Anna said, when her brother came home. “Where were you?”
And he wondered, not for the first time, what the man looked like under the fox mask. He could see his light brown hair, on the sides and in the back, where the mask didn’t reach. He sounded beautiful. His voice, his eyes, were certainly beautiful. Enchanting almost. And Castiel was certain that his soul was beautiful too. Tainted maybe, scarred, but still beautiful. So what was he hiding?
He’d proceeded to tell Castiel that he preferred adventure stories to romance, “Although if they have both that’s always nice,” he added.
So when Friday evening rolled around sometime in mid October and Dean still hadn’t asked Cas out, Cas took a deep breath and said,
He listened as Castiel and Anna sang to the children, and watched as they danced. And he blushed when a young girl asked him to dance with her, and he did. And he blushed even more deeply when the girl looked at Castiel as they were dancing and asked if Dean was in love with him.
And they continued to talk. And Dean never did get his papers graded or his lesson plans done, and he only looked at the phone and realized what time it was when it buzzed in his pocket and he saw that he had a text message from Lisa.
“Come on, you’re saying your list of favorites doesn’t get longer than ice cream and the color green?” Dean teased.
Cas chuckled too. “That’s the 0-4 hours size right there,” he said. “I recognize that all too well from my college days. Coffee kept me alive half the time.”
“Dean?” Castiel called again, his heart rate picking up. “Dean, are you okay? Please let us in. It’s Cas and Anna.”
“I, uh, I brought something I wanted to try with your therapy,” Cas said, and pulled something out of his satchel.
Dean had more tears but this time there was a smile behind them, and he found himself tugging on Cas’s arm, pulling him onto the bed.
“You’ve seen this before, haven’t you?” Dean said, sticking his hands in his pockets and stepping a little closer.
Castiel was eighteen when Dean fell in love with him. He couldn’t help it. Castiel was beautiful. Dark hair that always looked like the boy had been running his fingers through it endlessly, striking blue eyes, thick, chapped lips, a breathtaking smile, and the most infectious laugh Dean had ever heard.
“Anna!” he called again. He leaned forward and patted the horses neck. “Are you sure she went this way, Balthz?” he asked. He hadn’t even known this part of the woods existed until now, but remembering the storm the other night and how bad it had been it was possible his sister and Balthazar had gotten lost.
Cas inhaled, and his heart rate was really picking up now. “Dean,” he said, warning in his deep voice.
Dean was learning to forgive. Cas was helping him, encouraging him, but ultimately he knew the work was his own. And it wasn’t just his father he had to forgive, he knew. It was himself. And that was even harder, but he was making progress, one day, one moment at a time, he was learning to love himself, accept himself. Learning that he didn’t have to be perfect, and that it was okay to make mistakes. He was learning, just like the trees in Autumn, the beauty of letting go.
He had begged her, pleaded with her, once, long ago, the woman he’d found in the woods, the magical woman who’d saved him when he’d injured his ankle during a hunt. He’d been stuck in the woods, unable to walk for almost a day, and was hungry, and sick, and cold, and she’d healed him, and allowed him to get back to his home safely, and he’d begged her to please make him whole, to heal him completely, take away his scars, his burns, his pain, and she had looked into his eyes, and brushed his cheek and told him softly,
Cas shook his head and stepped closer, his heart racing. “No,” he said, and his eyes never left Dean’s.
“I uh, I actually came to tell you that I’ll be leaving soon,” Castiel said. “Mrs. Anderson had her baby, so she’ll be back after the holidays.”
“Is something wrong, Mr. Ackles?” Castiel asked, his chest tightening. He couldn’t think of anything that had happened on the trip that they would be in the Principle’s office for and yet here they were.
Dean pulled away slightly and propped himself up on his elbow. “I don’t have much experience with children, Cas,” he said nervously. “None at all, really. I wouldn’t know what to say or do, and I fear I would only frighten them. I wouldn’t want to be responsible for that.”
He pushed himself up on his knees now and reached slowly towards Dean’s face once again, and the other man was trembling, and crying still, but he did not pull away as Castiel brushed his fingers along his cheek. And Dean closed his eyes and allowed himself to savor the touch and then looked into Castiel’s eyes.
“Dean?” he called as he knocked on the door. He wasn’t answering and Castiel was starting to feel even more guilt ridden. Was Dean angry with him for staying away for so long? Or maybe he was just out of the cottage, somewhere in the woods. That was possible. Now that the storm had subsided he might be hunting again.
That had been 5 years ago. And he was still a monster. And he was beginning to think he always would be.
“You should go be with him,” she said, turning back to her brother and resting a hand on his shoulder. “I’ll take Balthazar home and be back in the morning to check on you. I think the less people are here when he wakes up, the better.” She kissed Castiel’s head and wrapped her arms around his shoulders in a hug.
“I know it looks bad, especially given Dean’s situation, but I swear it was all just a coincidence. The hotel didn’t have any other rooms so we were forced to share a bed. It wasn’t planned. The clothes thing happened because I spilled on my shirt and didn’t have anything else to wear and Dean let me borrow one of his, and the holding hands thing was incredibly brief. I stepped into the street without looking and Dean grabbed my hand to pull me out of someone’s way.”
And as if to cement the idea in his head he gripped Lisa’s arms and pulled her close, pressing his lips to hers firmly, and she smiled.
Castiel smiled and kissed his husband soundly. “You are my world, Dean Winchester,” he said. “I can’t believe I get to spend the rest of my life with you, and wake up next to you every morning. You are the strongest, most beautiful person I know. And it is a privilege to know you, and to love you, and to be your husband.”
Dean’s eyes opened and he took in his surroundings. He reached over to shut off the alarm and then ran his hand over his face, his heart racing.
Still he wondered if Dean was ever going to ask him out. He wished he would. He wanted to talk with Dean. Actually talk with him, get to know him, outside of tutoring. He wanted to know what Dean was like when he was a little bit more laid back and care free and not focused on academics or doing his job, or having to be as quiet as they were forced to be when they were in the library.
Anna’s eyes softened, and she wanted to say something but a wave of dizziness washed over her and she found herself stumbling forwards and resting her hand against the wall to keep from collapsing.
He gasped, and pushed himself up, and away from Cas, and against the head of the bed, bringing the blankets with him, and burying his face in his arms. He was shaking, his heart was pounding, tears filling his eyes and threatening to spill down his cheeks.
“Sorry about all that,” Castiel apologized. “I can’t imagine how stressful that was for you, with your wedding coming up and everything.”
“No,” Dean said, in a barely audible whisper now, and he was trembling once again, his hand reaching up to grip Castiel’s forearm.
He brought Balthazar to a halt, tugging on the reigns, and dismounted. He patted the horses cheek and gave him a sugar cube and some water. Balthazar whinnied softly and nudged Castiel with his nose.
And God it felt good, to finally kiss Castiel, to kiss the boy he’d loved for so long. To feel the other man’s lips on his own, his stubble underneath his hands, and to feel Castiel eagerly kissing him back.
Anna noticed and smiled playfully at her brother and offered to get him seconds, but he declined. His stubbornness was winning out over his hunger.
“When I need time by myself and space to think, yeah,” Dean said. “Or when I find someone special I really want to share it with.”
Dean nodded once more and Castiel slid out from under him. And for the next several hours he did nothing but care for the man he loved in whatever way Dean needed it the most. Whether it was food, or drink, or hugs, or kisses, or silent cuddles, he was there.
“I know, sweetheart,” Cas said, rubbing the other man’s back as they sat together on their bed. “It will be hard. But it will help, too, I promise. And I will here for you, the whole time, no matter what happens. I promise. You’ve come so far, Dean. You really have. And I’m so proud of you. A month ago you didn’t think you could do the mirror exercises and you have been, faithfully. And I know you can do this, too. It’s the next step. You have a beautiful heart, and a beautiful soul, my love, but they are so tainted by unforgiveness, and I really think this will benefit you. Trust me, okay?” He took Dean’s hand into his and squeezed it, and placed a kiss on his temple. “I love you. You know that. I would never ask you to do something that wasn’t going to help you in the long run.”
“Give him another chance. Just be patient with him. He obviously has something going on. People put up walls for a reason. Or masks. Just be his friend, do what he wants to do, what he feels comfortable with. Let the rest take care of itself.”
Cas’s brows furrowed even further. He frowned deeply. “He told you that your mother’s death was your fault?” he asked incredulously.
But it was too late now. Dean was engaged. He was getting married in three months. And he had no idea that when he had told Castiel to chase his dreams all those years ago, that Castiel’s biggest dream, was him.
“There’s nothing in the faculty handbook expressly forbidding staff relationships but I for one was under the impression that you, Mr. Winchester, were very much engaged.”
“Dean,” he heard, and then a much softer, gentler hand on his arm. “Dean, wake up,” Lisa said, nudging him. “The alarm is going off, baby.”
Cas smiled. “Nah, nothing important. You’re good. The whole point was to distract you. That seems to have worked.”
“Stop it,” Dean said. “Those eyes can get you a lot of things, but I draw the line at a fur-ridden, flea-infested animal, Cas.”
Castiel gave him a small smile, but Dean noticed that it was a sad one. “Thank you, Mr. Winchester,” he said. He paused for a moment before speaking again, nervously. “You, uh, you seem to know a lot about this,” he said. “Are you . . .?” He gazed at Dean, biting his lip, his blue eyes intense and questioning.
The man was silent for a moment. He looked down and then back up at her before saying softly, “It was my mother’s.”
Cas smiled. “It’s me, Dean,” he said. “I’m here. Go back to sleep. You’re safe.” And he pressed another kiss to the other man’s forehead, and took Dean’s hand in his once again.
Castiel grinned and blushed. “It may have had something to do with those,” he said, “but I know your letter helped. So thank you. Stanford has been a dream of mine. I’m really excited.”
“Anna!” Castiel shouted as he rode through the woods on Balthazar. They were going deeper into the forest than he’d ever been before and a shiver was starting to creep it’s way up his spine, and it wasn’t from the cold.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked, looking down at himself as he noticed Castiel’s gaze on him. Did he have toothpaste on his shirt or something?
God he didn’t know how he was going to make it through this wedding. How could he sit there and watch Dean pledge his love and his life to another? Watch them slide the rings on each other’s fingers symbolizing their life long commitment, watch him take Lisa into his arms and kiss her, dance with her. Watch them smiling and laughing along with all of the other guests who were there to celebrate their love when his heart was aching so badly it felt like it was going to shatter beneath him.
Dean glanced down, embarrassed. “I’m sorry,” he said, and sighed. “I . . . I don’t leave the forest. And I don’t take off the mask, unless I’m alone.”
“But you could come with me,” he said, sliding is arms around Dean’s waist. “Help me look for an apartment. We could spend Christmas break together in California, go to the beach. Go camping.” He looked into Dean’s eyes, his own eyes twinkling.
“Where are your books?” Castiel asked, looking around the small cottage. He didn’t see them anywhere.
And when he woke up the next morning, staring into sapphire eyes, he found himself wishing he could make this trip last forever, because he didn’t want to let these moments go.
“Oh boy,” Castiel said, his heart starting to beat a little . . . .okay, a lot faster. He ran his fingers through his hair and Dean did the same.
Dean was standing in front of the mirror in his dressing room, straightening his red bow tie. He looked at the clock on the wall.
They had started sitting closer to each other as they read together on Dean’s bed, their shoulder’s touching, and every once in a while they would let their hands fall to their sides and brush against each other’s as they held their books. And they would turn the page, and bring their hands back down to rest next to each other. And their heart rates would pick up, and they would blush, and Castiel would feel a shiver going up his spine, and Dean would feel the hairs on his arm standing up.
Castiel showed up at Dean’s place every couple of days for weeks. And they continued to exchange books, and read together. And occasionally Anna would join them as well, and bring more home made bread, or apple cider, or pumpkin or apple pie, after Castiel informed her that he’d found out it was Dean’s favorite food.
“It’s really quite beautiful here during the day time,” Castiel said, looking around. The leaves were everywhere, scattered on the forest floor. Squirrels ran from tree to tree, acorns littered the ground, there was a light breeze. Autumn was Castiel’s favorite time of year.
The snowman turned out to be an epic disaster, though they made a valiant effort. In the end it only had a top and bottom but they laughed about it and told themselves it was a snowboy instead. They found some sticks for arms and a carrot for a nose, and used some buttons off of one of his father’s old jackets instead of coals for the eyes and the mouth.
“Yeah, her name’s Lisa. Been together for a couple of years now,” he said with a smile. “Planning a December wedding. She wants there to be a winter theme. She’s got this thing for snowflakes and freezing your ass off.” He grinned, and Castiel tried to return it but it was a sad attempt.
He didn’t realize just how exhausted Castiel looked until he finally had the courage to look him in the face. The man’s eyes were blood shot and his shoulders were slumped. He looked like he was barely conscious. And Dean winced again.
“Any new developments while you were there?” the Principle asked, folding his hands together and placing them on his desk.
“Thank you for sharing this with me, Dean,” Cas said as they lay now, gazing up at the stars once again, their hands clasped under the blanket. “It really is beautiful.”
Castiel chuckled and his smile got bigger as he made his way further into town to finish his shopping.
He cocked his head and narrowed his eyebrows. “What’s the other part?” he asked with genuine curiosity.
Dean invited Castiel inside long enough for him to change, and he couldn’t believe how much nicer the new clothes were compared to his old ones. No fraying, no tears, no patches. They were thick, and warm, and comfortable, and they fit amazingly well. Anna had even made him a coat similar to Castiel’s. And he couldn’t help thinking the clothes even smelled like Cas a little which made him smile.
There was a long pause before Cas spoke again. “Continue breathing through the discomfort. In and out. Feeling the weight of this cord, and picturing that all of your energy of unforgiveness, all of the negative feelings you have about this person or this situation, are just flowing directly into this cord. Almost as if they’re exiting your body.” He paused again for a long moment.
Dean didn’t know how to talk to attractive men, especially since his father had never let him venture further than their woods and the only human contact he’d had outside of John other than the mysterious woman in the woods five years ago, had been Anna and Castiel.
And he was more than a little surprised when Castiel approached him afterwards with his parents in tow and shook his hand.
reason, Castiel. But not the only reason. It’s the least we can do, after he’s shown us so much kindness.”
They had to get out of here. See the city, spend the day with thirty other people, or Dean was going to lose it, and do something really, really stupid.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been working before he was wiping the sweat from his forehead with his shirt sleeve, and almost as if on cue he felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned to see Anna standing next to him with a glass of water and a piece of freshly baked banana bread.
“Just tired,” he lied. “I’m sorry.” And that apology held so many different meanings, ones she had no idea about. Sorry for being such a lousy fiance, for falling in love with someone else when I’m engaged to you, for not being who you deserve, for mentally cheating on you, for sucking at life.
Dean sighed. He knew in his mind and his heart he had the best reason ever for not sharing a bed with Cas, but once again he couldn’t tell the other man that.
And so Cas had gone. He’d booked an earlier flight. He wanted to get as far away from Dean and Lawrence as he possibly could, as fast as he could. He’d put his heart on the line, and he’d lost everything, and couldn’t stick around, even for twelve more hours.
“You are beautiful,” Cas said with the utmost sincerity. “You are good. You are worthy. You are loved, Dean Winchester. And there is not a monstrous bone in your body. That is the truth.”
He was sharing a bed with Dean. And he was relieved that the man had taken him up on his offer and was no longer on the hard, cold floor, so he felt good about that, but he honestly wasn’t sure that having Dean next to him was going to help him sleep any better. He didn’t turn to face him, because he was pretty sure that would make things even harder, but he did smile and feel a shiver go down his spine when Dean spoke again and he felt his warm breath ghosting over the back of his neck.
“I see,” Castiel said, still somewhat reluctant to trust the man behind the mask. What did he have to hide? What was he covering up? “Thank you,” he said, but remained between his sister and the stranger.
Castiel was in the shed working away on the table and chairs he’d been keeping himself occupied with ever since his sister had left for her trip, when he heard whinnying coming from outside and he jerked his head up.
“You’re afraid,” he realized. And he spoke softly. “But not of being rejected. You’ve experienced that enough to last a life time. And you’re used to it. You’re afraid of the exact opposite. You’re afraid of being fully known, and fully loved. Fully accepted, for just who you are. Because that’s something you’ve never experienced before. Unconditional love. And it terrifies you. Because you don’t think you deserve it. You don’t think you are worthy of it. You’d rather earn it. You’d rather do something, or be something, or give something. But I don’t want anything from you, Dean. I just want you. Just as you are.”
“Well, um, I’ll go now,” Castiel said awkwardly. “I’ll come back later for the book, I guess.” And he turned to walk away.
Dean jerked awake in his bed, sweat trickling down his face. He wasn’t sure what had woken him but he was thankful for it. Thankful to be out of that nightmare.
“He’s never been here with a boy before,” she surmised in her sweet young voice. Dean guessed she was around ten. “And he was holding your hand when you got here. My parents used to hold hands, before they died. I remember asking them why they did it when I was little and my dad told me it was because they loved each other.”
He’d left his book with Dean and while Dean had told him he could take the one he’d been reading home with him to borrow, Castiel had left it there as well.
He’d thought that Anna was pretty, but she was nothing compared to her brother. Castiel, Castiel was beautiful. There was no other word for it. His dark hair was even more tousled today, most likely from the ride over in the wind. His cheeks were tinged with pink from the cool fall weather, his lips were thick, and slightly chapped, and his eyes, his eyes were so very blue.
The stewardesses came down the aisle for the in flight instructions at that point and then Dean felt himself beginning to get nervous all over again as the plane jostled and started moving faster, preparing for take off. He found himself breathing heavier and gripping the seat rests once again.
They’d been encouraged to bring blankets on the tour as it was getting chilly out and Dean draped the large blanket over both he and Cas as they rode on the Double Decker bus through the city in the starlight. And Castiel started to yawn, and his eyes closed, and his head fell onto Dean’s shoulder as the tour continued. And Dean didn’t wake him. He couldn’t. He didn’t want to. It was his fault the other man was so exhausted after all.
His breath caught in his throat at the sight of the man before him. He swallowed, and his eyes filled with tears once again. He took a few shuddering breaths as he neared Dean’s bed and sat on the side of it.
He used his free hand to reach for Dean’s and held it. It was clamy and sweaty, but he only tightened his grip.
And Dean realized he’d been so lost in thought he’d never responded. “Yeah, of course,” he lied. “Great. Yeah, that sounds like the perfect day, for sure.” And he smiled at Castiel as the other man went to change.
“I started the fire, Cas,” he said, and his chest heaved again, and Cas sat on the side of the bed, and listened. “I was four, and my Dad was out hunting by himself, and my mom and I were home.  There were candles lit, and my mom told me not to touch them.  She went into another room for just a second, but I didn’t listen. . . .” He shut his eyes tightly now as the tears continued to fall, the moment burned in his brain as hot and suffocating and permanent as the fire that had claimed his face.
He pressed his lips to Dean’s forehead, and noticed that he seemed a little less flushed than before and that he was breathing easier. Dr. Singer’s herbs seemed to be doing the trick. He pulled the blanket up around him just a little bit more and then crawled onto the bed next to him and laid down, staring at the side of Dean’s face that he hadn’t paid attention to until now.
“I’ve been faking interest in dancing with her all night,” Castiel continued. “And I haven’t kissed her, and I have no desire to, and it’s exhausting, pretending to be something I’m not. I had to remind myself to tell her she looked pretty only because I knew it was the polite thing to do. God, I’m such as jerk. She deserved better than this.”
“Miss, you need to wake up,” it said. “If you don’t get out of those clothes soon you’ll catch pneumonia.”
Castiel tore his gaze away from Dean and ran his fingers through his hair. He let out a deep breath.
“Castiel, this is Dean,” Anna said, “he found me in the woods and took care of me. He saved my life.”
And two weeks later, Dean was holding tightly to Castiel’s hand as they walked up the steps to the orphanage, and his heart was pounding, and his palms were sweating, and he was wearing his mask, because he really did think it was for the best.
“You know, being gay isn’t anything to be ashamed of,” Dean found himself saying. “I’m sorry your prom wasn’t everything you wished it could be either. Your date might be understanding, she might not be, I don’t know. But, remember what I said about chasing your dreams? That doesn’t just apply to your career, Castiel. If you aren’t ready to be open about your sexuality I understand, but there’s freedom in accepting who you are, and loving yourself for who you are. Trust me. Your dreams can involve love and romance too. With a boy. You don’t have to settle.  Or pretend.”
“Cas?” she murmured again, as the rag was pressed to her cheeks, and her neck. And she tried to open her eyes.
“Visiting him?” she said. “He’s lonely, Castiel. Can’t you see that? That’s why he wanted us to stay.”
But he would just have to grin and bear it. He just had to make it four more months and the school year would be over, Castiel would be graduating along with all of the other seniors and Dean would never see him again.
“Thank you, Charlie,” Dean said, but then stopped her as she headed for the door. “Wait, what do you mean half the school thought we were a couple already?”
“I like being alone,” Castiel said dismissively. He avoided Anna’s gaze and finishing up the banana bread and the water, and then went back to work.
Damn, those thighs were perfection. Not that that was surprising given what the rest of Cas’s body looked like, but Dean hadn’t expected to get the full picture.
Castiel nodded, and he couldn’t help noticing that Dean seemed slightly uncomfortable with all of this. But that was understandable. He’d lived alone out here for years after all, so he wasn’t used to having people care for him. But Castiel enjoyed taking care of Dean, looking after him, showing him that he was worthy of good things. He was determined to make sure that Dean felt safe, and loved, in whatever way he could. He still longed to see the man behind the mask, to truly know him, but even if that never happened, he would continue to show up, because that was what Dean needed. And truth be told, it was what he needed to.
When Castiel came out of the bathroom Dean was laying on the floor with a pillow from the bed under him, and a blanket from the closet draped over him.
“It’s not your fault, Dean,” Cas said, stroking his fingers through Dean’s hair, and the other man tensed. Cas wasn’t sure if it was a reaction to his words or his touch, so he stopped. “Dean?” he said, sliding his hand back to Dean’s shoulder instead.
The next time Castiel awoke it was to Dean talking in his sleep, and at first he thought the other man was waking up and it was the fever causing him to be delirious yet again, but Dean’s eyes were still closed and he jerked his head from side to side, and he had tears falling down his cheeks, and the sweat beading his forehead, Castiel was fairly certain wasn’t from his fever.
“But, you’re not well yet, Dean, I can’t . . .” Cas argued, pleaded with the other man. “I’m not scared of you, Dean. I . . .”
“You were just a kid, Dean,” Cas said. “Kids make mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes. And that’s what that was. A mistake, Dean. You aren’t perfect. And no one expects you to be. Please don’t expect it of yourself.”
Dean hummed. “Ready as ever,” he said, stroking her bare arm in return. She wore a light blue night gown with spaghetti straps that he’d bought her for her birthday a few months back. She’d teased him at first, asking if it was really a gift for her or for him. And he’d blushed, and asked why it couldn’t be both. But then she’d raved about how soft and comfortable it was and wore it frequently. And Dean never tired of seeing her in it, not just because of the lace at the top and the cute bow in the center, and the way it hugged her curves in all the right places, but because she truly lit up every time she put it on.
And as they lay there, hours later it seemed, falling asleep in each other’s arms, Dean pressed a kiss to Castiel’s tousled hair and found himself saying,
Dean turned his head and looked at him. “Of course,” he said with a grin.  And there was a pause before Dean spoke again.
It took infinitely longer than Castiel would have liked for Dr. Singer and Anna to arrive back at the cottage, and when they did Castiel was shooed away so that the physician could work in private.
Cas’s gaze softened and he took a step closer to Dean, resting a hand on his shoulder. “Can’t do what?” he asked, and he brushed his fingers along the side of Dean’s head, above his ear.
Castiel smiled as Dean joined him and they made their way down a winding path, Dean leading the way. These were after all, his woods.
Their gazes lingered on each other for a long moment before Castiel said, “I didn’t know you liked camping so much.”
“You okay?” she asked, scooting closer to him and resting her hand on his chest. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her head.
Dean’s eyes went wide and his chest started rising and falling, and his mouth went dry. What the hell was happening?
Castiel sat up and coaxed his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Dean it’s okay,” he said. “You’re safe. I’m here.” And he wiped the tears from Dean’s cheeks. “Shhh,” he soothed. “I’m here.”
Cas let his hands fall into his lap, and tilted his head to the side. He wanted more than anything to crawl into the bed next to Dean and take the other man into his arms, holding him tightly and planting sweet kisses on his nose and cheeks and all over the scarred side of his face to prove that every part of him was lovely and beautiful and good. He wanted to card his fingers through Dean’s hair and nibble on his ear until Dean was smiling and blushing and all of his worries and insecurities faded away. But he didn’t.
“Goodbye, Dean,” he said, and he met the other man’s gaze briefly before he turned and walked towards Balthazar.
“You will be healed when you can learn to love and accept yourself for who you are. And when you can finally learn to forgive.”
Dean didn’t know exactly how it happened, but he found himself reaching for Castiel’s hand and squeezing it gently. “I’m not so alone anymore,” he said.
“Yeah,” Dean said, running his finger over the rim of his coffee cup and chuckling a little, lifting it up. “How could you tell?”
Dean thought on it for a second. “It’s been a really long time,” he said eventually, as if he were in some place far away.
Dean hummed and stepped in between Cas’s legs, sliding his arms around his husband’s waist and pulling him closer. “I got an idea for how we can pass the time,” he said, his voice low and sultry, and Cas leaned in. And then, instead of kissing his husband, Dean turned his head, and took a bite out of his donut.
“So what to do you do all day, up here, by yourself?” he found himself asking. “I mean, you are by yourself, right? I didn’t see anyone else around for miles.”
And this time, when Dean asked Cas to distract him during their flight, it wasn’t talking that he had in mind.
But the look on Dean’s face when he returned to the room told him otherwise, and his face flushed as Dean rubbed the back of his neck with his hand and bit his lip.
Dean blinked. “Thank you,” he said, still baffled as to why Castiel was visiting him in his dressing room, now fifteen minutes before the start of his wedding. “You came in here just to tell me that?” he asked.
“Thank you,” she murmured softly to the man, who turned to face her at hearing the sound of her voice, and she flushed when she noticed that he did not look away.
Anna sighed. “Castiel, you know there are plenty of young eligible bachelors in our village. You could meet someone if you tried.”
And as the realization hit him, he felt his chest constricting, and his breath hitched in his throat, and tears started falling down his cheeks.
The man shifted awkwardly and lifted the basket. “My sister,” he said, softly, “she wanted me to bring you this.”
“We held hands for the first time, right here, Cas,” Dean said. “And we kissed for the first time, right here, too, so when I decided to ask you to marry me, I wanted to do that right here, too.”
And they fell onto the bed, Dean on his back, and Castiel leaning over him, their mouths pressed to each other’s once again.
Cas found out that Dean had three major loves in the world. His brother, Sam, his car, whom he affectionately called Baby, and pie. The last one made Cas smile the most.
“Mr. Winchester?” Dean was sitting at his desk at the end of the day when he heard a knock on his door and looked up to see Castiel standing there.
Cas blinked and jerked his head back slightly. “Oh,” he said softly. His hand fell, and Dean frowned, until a split second later Cas’s hand was back.
But graduation did come of course, and Dean was thrilled when Castiel took the stage to give his valedictorian speech. And he clapped enthusiastically when he and the other seniors received their diplomas.
Dean beamed as he reached his husband’s side and wrapped his arms around him in a tight embrace, being careful not to let Castiel’s graduation cap poke him in the face.
“Dean?” he said again, looking around. He noticed that Dean’s shoes were missing and he started to panic. What the hell was he thinking going outside when he was still under the weather? And where had he gone? And without his coat? Was he off in the woods somewhere? Great, now Castiel had to hunt him down and hope that he hadn’t made himself sicker off doing God knows what.
Dean stood up and went over to the other room and knelt down and pulled out a large trunk. He opened it up and Castiel walked over and peeked inside. There were dozens of books, with worn brown, black, blue and grey covers, the spines cracked, some even with the covers almost or completely missing.
They met two or three times a week for tutoring and Cas couldn’t help but wish it was more. Dean flirted with him constantly and Castiel tried to flirt back but he wasn’t sure if he was any good at it. He was attracted to Dean, but he’d only ever been with women before and flirting with a man was new territory for him.
“I think so,” Dean said, his eyes still fixed on Castiel. And he couldn’t believe he was having this conversation with a child, but somehow, he found, he didn’t mind.
Dean was sobbing now, clutching Cas’s leg even tighter, his tears soaking into the other man’s pants where his cheek rested.
Dean frowned, though Castiel couldn’t see it. “You don’t have to be here,” he said, defensively. “I did not ask you to return,” and he went to shut the door, but was surprised when Castiel stepped forward and stopped him, resting his hand against it.
Cas turned at that, and saw that Dean was looking at him. “And how many people have you shared it with?” he found himself asking.
Meg frowned and looked it over. “All right, then,” she said. She gathered the fabric, thread, ribbon, needles, twine, and a few other small items on the list and placed them in a brown bag. As Castiel was paying her she cast him a wistful look and said, “You’re one hundred percent sure you’re gay, huh?”
“Yes, sir,” Dean said, his hand trembling as he handed the paper back to his boss, and swallowing. “I very much am.”
“What’s that?” Dean asked when Cas arrived one afternoon after making a trip home for some lumber and a few other items. He’d planned to fix the loose boards on Dean’s porch now that the weather was getting nicer.
Anna’s tone softened as did her eyes. “He has been nothing but kind to me, Castiel,” she said. “You may not trust him, but I do. And you can trust me.”
It was several hours later when Dean finally climbed out of bed and pulled back the curtain, expecting to be alone and planning to make himself some tea, but when he saw Castiel sitting at the kitchen table, his hands folded together in front of him, he quickly pulled the curtain back again, cursing under his breath.
Cas smiled a little. “I mean I’m not shouting it from the rooftops or anything, but, yeah, I’m not hiding it either. And it feels pretty good, I gotta say. Being me.”
“In the meantime, you keep him hydrated, keep administering the herbs, either in tea, or water, or soup, anything he can get down. Make sure he’s staying hydrated and getting plenty of rest.”
“Is there any reason whey we can’t share the bed?” Cas said. “I mean, this is kind of stupid. It’s plenty big for both of us, and I’m not gonna sleep cuz I feel guilty that you are on the floor, freezing your ass off, and you aren’t gonna sleep cuz you’re on the floor, and we have a long day tomorrow, and we had a pretty exhausting day today, so I’m just saying, this whole thing is pretty dumb. We’re not gonna catch cooties or anything. We can be grown up about this, right?”
“We don’t have to use the mirror if you don’t want to, sweetheart,” he said, resting a hand on Dean’s knee. “But I do think it would help. Even more now after hearing your story, in fact. Looking in the mirror and saying those truths, seeing your face, Dean, and telling yourself that you are beautiful and good, while looking at yourself, it will be hard, but it will also be powerful. And it will be a resounding slap in the face to everything your father had you tell yourself for all of those years.”
Castiel continued to play therapist with Dean, asking him if he was working on saying his “affirmations” as he called them on a daily basis. He insisted that frequency was the key, and that on the particularly rough days when Dean really didn’t want to say them, that was when he needed to do it the most, and that if Dean needed help, he would be there, to walk him through it, to guide him, to hold him, if necessary.
“Castiel,” Dean found himself saying, and the man turned. Dean opened the door wider and stepped aside. “Please come in,” he said softly.
He’d done what Anna had asked. He’d made an attempt, and visited Dean. He’d tried. And he’d thought briefly, that maybe they could be friends. But it didn’t seem like Dean wanted that after all.
But he trailed off, lost in a past he’d tried so hard to forget, and glanced away, clearing his throat instead.
God he really had to get his act together. This kid was his fucking student. And he was just that, a kid.
He left the groceries on the table and picked up the bag with the fabric now spilling out of it and brought it down the wooden steps to his sister’s work area. The entire lower level of their home had become a place for Anna to design, sew, and sell her clothes, and she had done remarkably well, and between that and Castiel’s carpentry business they got along just fine, supporting themselves in their small village.
“Don’t you get lonely out here, by yourself?” Castiel asked, looking around then. “Do you ever go into the village? Go shopping, go to the taverns? Anything? It’s a nice town. Nice people.”
“Um, actually, I was thinking maybe we could go for a walk,” Castiel said. “In the woods. It’s a pretty nice day out.”
Dean smiled under his mask and looked over at Castiel, sitting next to his sister on one of the beds. He was singing and holding onto one of the boy’s hands who was bouncing up and down in front of him while Anna played her flute. The other children danced around them in circles. It was wonderfully chaotic, and Dean loved it.
So why was he sick to his stomach? Why did the collar of his shirt feel so tight? Why were his hands shaking when he ran his fingers through his hair? Why did he jump when he heard a knock on the door?
Someone was home though, he could tell by the smoke coming through the chimney. And maybe whoever it was would know something about Anna.
And Dean’s therapy was going well for the most part. He felt like his mind set was slowly changing, little by little as the months went by. But he knew he’d never have been able to do any of it without Cas.
Cas smirked. “That’s another one of those lies we’re going to work on, Dean,” he said, and pressed a kiss to the other man’s forehead. “I’m no better than you are. We’re all flawed, we’re all imperfect, and we all need forgiveness. And you are no less worthy or deserving than anyone else, least of all me. Honestly I don’t know what I deserve, Dean. But I know what I want, and it’s right in front of me.”
When Dean woke up the next morning to the alarm on his phone going off he was surprised to find that Castiel was already out of the bed and in the shower. He rubbed his eyes and yawned and sat up in bed, and waved his hand in front of his face when he realized just how bad his morning breath was.
“Hey, you,” she said, smiling softly at him as he tucked a strand of dark brown hair behind her ear.
I did not come up with this meditation on my own.  I got if from the Curable app on my phone.  Just giving credit where credit is due.
Castiel nodded. “Very much,” he said, and smirked a little. “Probably a little too much, if I’m being honest. Anna says I don’t ‘get out enough’ and that “‘my people skills are rusty’.” He put finger quotes around the words for emphasis.
Dean rolled his eyes but was secretly delighted with both the new bed and the blanket, mostly because it meant having Castiel with him on a more permanent basis, and he was getting used to it, the idea that Cas loved him. It was still foreign to him at times, and there were moments where his father’s voice would seep into his mind and make him doubt himself, doubt what he and Cas had, what they shared. He still hadn’t told Cas that he loved him, but he didn’t know if he could. He dealt with so much self loathing, and how could he truly love someone else if he didn’t even love himself yet? Maybe that was asking too much of himself, he didn’t know. He cared for Cas deeply, he knew that much. But he didn’t want to say anything unless he was absolutely certain.
And while the other hundreds of juniors and seniors were out there dancing and mingling, Castiel was looking like he was about to have a panic attack.
He stood and wrapped his arms around Dean from behind and pressed a kiss to the top of his head, and then rested his chin against it as he spoke, holding tightly to the man he loved.
And he had to remind himself of that yet again when evening rolled around and the class was on a bus tour of the city, the stars shining above them as they made their way around to the different Memorials under the night sky, the lights of the city illuminating the streets, and a certain person’s deep blue eyes.
“Jesus,” he said, putting a hand to his chest and letting out a breath, and the young man chuckled slightly.
Dean nodded. And he couldn’t help the confused mixture of feelings that washed over him when Cas kissed him on the cheek before walking away and closing the curtain behind him. He was fairly certain he was in love with the beautiful blue eyed man, and that Cas was in love with him, and as much as he wanted it, as much as he had butterflies in his stomach and as much as he’d wanted to continue kissing Cas until his lips were sore and swollen, he also felt incredibly unworthy. Castiel was far too good for him. He could have anyone, and yet he chose the recluse in the woods, the man with half a face, the man with a past he knew nothing about. And he kept coming back. He stayed. And not because of anything Dean had done. He came back for Dean himself.
“Cas?” Dean said, continuing to kiss down the other man’s neck, and along his collar bone, and then working his way back up, and nibbling on his ear.
Cas smiled faintly. “My parents,” he said, sitting on the edge of the bed now. “They used to dance with each other in the evenings after supper, and they would sing it to each other, and Anna and I would dance together too. After they died, Anna and I would sing it to each other when we were sad or sick, and it just reminded us of them.”
They took turns in the bathroom, brushing their teeth and changing, and Cas couldn’t help smiling at the sight of his former teacher in his tshirt and cheeseburger pajama pants.
He took Dean’s coat and hung it up, along with his own, and got the other man back into bed. And as he was pulling the blanket up around him Dean sniffled and wiped more tears from his eyes and spoke again softly.
“Because I knew she wanted me to,” Castiel said with a sigh. “And I didn’t have anyone else to ask.”
“You graduation present,” Dean said. “And before you open it I just want to go on record of saying that I had this in mind way before you started begging me and then I had to act like a jerk to throw you off the scent.”
And it wasn’t until Castiel’s fingers brushed against his cheek, that Dean’s consciousness took full effect, and his eyes went wide.
And haunted. So very haunted by what he’d done, by what he was, and he didn’t know if he would ever break free. From his fear, his internal prison. His guilt and shame.
It was incredible, and it was exhausting all at the same time. But the best part for Dean, was that not a single time when Cas was kissing him, or touching him or glancing over his imperfect body (he had no delusions about his body being perfect) did he feel the need to hide. He was not afraid. Not of Cas. Not of his hands, or his lips, or his eyes. Not of what he might think. Not of him not liking some flaw he carried on his stomach, or his hips, or his rear end, because Cas, he knew loved him for exactly who he was, all of his physical flaws and abnormalities, and everything that he used to see as needing work, as broken, as wrong, Cas saw as its own type of beauty. And Dean had never felt more loved than he did in that moment, in Cas’s arms, and he believed that sex really wasn’t the appropriate name for what they were doing. It really was making love, and he couldn’t imagine, didn’t want to imagine, ever having this sort of moment, this level of intimacy, this oneness, with anyone else.
And they did. And Dean did find that being able to see out made him feel slightly less anxious and less claustrophobic.
“Thanks,” Dean said, smiling. He waved and walked away, and if he’d turned around he would have noticed the tear that slid ever so silently down Castiel’s cheek.
“Lean into this feeling of lightness, as you continue to breath deeply. Slowly bring your focus back into the physical space around you, holding onto this feeling of freedom and lightness. How good it feels to open up all of this space inside of yourself without the wieight of all that negative energy, slowly wiggling your fingers and your toes, bringing  movement back into the body, and when you’re ready, opening your eyes.”
“Let’s just say I came back to chase some dreams that weren’t mean to be, it turns out,” Castiel said, and gave Dean a sad smile.
“And camping,” Dean said with a sigh, and a starry eyed look on his face as he rested his head back against the seat.
Anna tilted her head and crossed her arms. “I don’t know,” she said. “I just worry about you when I’m away, Cas. I wish you had more friends. I don’t like you being alone so much.”
And Cas smiled and joined him, laying on top of the covers, but moving close. And when Dean brushed his foot against Cas’s he returned the favor.
Dean shook his head, tears falling again. “I don’t . . . I don’t believe that, Cas,” he said, shaking once again, and reaching up to rest his hand on top of Castiel’s that was still holding his cheek, stroking it gently.
“Good morning, gentlemen,” Mr. Ackles said, and gestured for them both to sit as he took a seat behind his desk.
And Castiel smiled at Dean’s new attire. Despite the fact that he still couldn’t see the man’s face he couldn’t help thinking that Dean was handsome, and that he seemed happy in his new clothes. He was getting used to what Dean’s eyes looked like when they were smiling.
Cas tilted his head in confusion but followed him. He couldn’t help but notice how beautiful the night sky was when one could actually get away from the city and see the stars and enjoy the quiet of the the crickets chirping and the leaves rustling in the trees nearby, and the moon glowing softly over head.
The cottage was small, with only a curtain separating the single bedroom from the kitchen, and so the man left, pulling the curtain closed behind him to give her privacy, and Anna peeled off her wet clothes and used the towel he’d left by the fireplace to dry herself off, and slid into the blue dress. It was surprisingly soft, and incredibly warm, and she hugged her arms around herself once she had it on, and slid the curtain back.
Dean shook his head now, facing away from Castiel. He bit his lip and wiped the tears from his cheeks. And when he spoke it was barely a whisper.
And he was sniffling and wiping away more tears when someone sat down right next to him and let out a heavy breath. And he shuffled uncomfortably, wondering why a perfect stranger would sit so close when there were plenty of empty seats in their vicinity.
He brought his hand up to the right side of his face, the permanently disfigured side, and touched it gently, his fingers trembling as he did. The skin was pulled tight, it felt rigid, like leather, in the few places where he still had feeling, like his temple, and around his eye, but over the majority of his cheek, and jaw, and ear, and even the edge of his lip, he felt, nothing.  It was completely numb from the damage done to his nerves by the fire.
“My pleasure,” Dean said. And he couldn’t help but ask. “By the way, what are you studying in college, Castiel?”
“Dean,” Cas said, as if reading the other man’s mind, “you can’t wear it while you eat anyway, and you need nourishment. Besides, Dr. Singer gave strict orders for you to keep it off while you are sick.” He reached over and placed his hand gently on Dean’s left cheek, and the man looked at him.
“Shh, Dean,” Cas soothed, “shh.” He placed a soft kiss on the top of Dean’s head as he held him and rubbed his back. “I’m here,” he said. “I’m here, and it’s okay. You’re okay. Tell me what happened, Dean.”
“You’re engaged?” Castiel said, and Dean swore he saw the light leaving Cas’s eyes and heard genuine despair in his voice, but he told himself his brain was just playing tricks on him.
“I uh, I wanted to thank you, actually,” Castiel said. “For that talk on prom night my senior year. It really helped me, more so than you realize. I told my parents about a year after I graduated high school.”
“Oh,” Dean said again, and he felt his heart sinking into his stomach.  Cas was leaving, for good? He should really be grateful, that he wouldn’t have to be around him every day, or worry about running into him around town and he could just get back to his life and Lisa, but goddamn it, he knew he was going to miss him like crazy.
She looked him in the eyes. “For this,” she said, gesturing around her. “For everything. I don’t even know you, and I’m pretty sure you saved my life.”
“Dean Winchester, look at me,” he said, kneeling in front of Dean and sliding one hand between Dean’s cheek and the pillow it was resting on and resting the other on his other cheek. “Your father was wrong. You’ve spent your whole life listening to lies, and believing them. But he was wrong. And it’s time you started hearing and believing the truth.”
Castiel looked over at his former teacher and couldn’t help but feel sorry for him. He had no idea the man was so afraid to fly, but here he was, doing it anyway for his students, so that they could go on this trip to their nation's capital.
Anna nodded. She gave her brother a kiss on the cheek and got flour on his face in the process. She giggled when she tried to wipe it off and just ended up creating a bigger mess instead.
Castiel rubbed his neck with his hand. “More, uh . . . more the the second one, I guess,” he admitted.
Dean tilted his head to the side as if considering it. “Cas,” he said. “Very well. Until next time, Cas.”
Before he could answer Lisa’s text the bathroom door opened and Cas walked out, and Dean’s jaw dropped at the sight of his former student in a long sleeve button down shirt, underwear, and no pants. His shirt was covering his rear end, thankfully, but not so thankfully exposing his incredible thighs and Dean felt his neck heating up and his brain short circuiting at the sight.
Castiel brought lumber to his home one afternoon after sitting down on one of the chairs and falling through it, and informed Dean that he was going to make him a new table and chairs whether Dean liked it or not. Dean huffed a little and rolled his eyes but he let Castiel have his way and was fascinated at watching him work.
Castiel mixed the herbs as Dr. Singer had instructed and knelt next to Dean’s bedside, tilting his head to get the tea into his mouth. Dean was delirious, and barely conscious, and the tea spilled down his chin and onto his neck and he coughed some more, and Castiel wiped him off with a rag and continued to give him small sips until the liquid was gone, and then he placed another cool rag on Dean’s forehead as he rested back once again.
Dean took a deep breath.  “I don’t do mirrors, Cas,” he said, looking at the other man, his green eyes filled with fear.  “I haven’t . . . I can’t.” His hand was trembling under Castiel’s and his voice shook.
Dean found himself nodding, and lifted his head. He used the sleeve of his coat to wipe off Castiel's shoulder where he’d leaked bodily fluids onto it, and then wiped his eyes. Cas handed him a handkerchief and he used it to wipe his nose.
And so he lay in his bed that night, tears sliding down his cheeks, and when he wiped them away more followed, and he found himself sobbing, over a boy, over
Washington DC was supposed to be absolutely beautiful in the fall. Gorgeous weather, and also considerably cheaper than in the spring, so the school was doing the trip in early November this year with some of the junior and senior class and Dean and Castiel had both been asked to chaperon. Castiel had been thrilled for the opportunity, especially since he didn’t have to pay for it. Dean, clearly, not so much.
in the past, right? Of course, right. He was in love with Lisa, now. He hadn’t thought about Castiel in years, and their meeting in the coffee shop had been a few weeks ago now and . . .
It was morning now, and they were ready to leave. Castiel had been ready to leave an hour ago, but Dean had offered them breakfast and Anna had politely accepted and then stayed to help Dean clean up.
Dean nodded. “He kept a mirror in our house on purpose, Cas, as punishment.” Dean started to shake as he spoke. “He made me look in it, and tell myself I was a monster. Every day. And every day I did it, Cas. And every day, I cried.  Until I couldn't do it anymore, and I broke it.  And then he beat me.  He was an angry, abusive, drunk, Cas. And I blame myself for that, too. If it hadn’t been for me, and what I did, mom never would have died and my dad would have been happy, and . . .”
“Oh my God,” Cas whispered as tears filled his eyes. He was shaking, the gears in his head working so hard to try and keep up with what was happening right in front of him.
The only thing Dean did mind, but would never tell Castiel was that it meant the other man was spending less time on the bed with him, reading which meant less time that he got to brush his hand or his shoulder against Castiel’s, and he was beginning to miss it terribly, the subtle touches.
Castiel let out a deep breath as he looked in the mirror and cinched his tie, and for what seemed like the millionth time in the last twelve hours, wiped away the tears that slid effortlessly down his cheeks.
And Cas didn’t say anything. He couldn’t say anything. He was too overwhelmed. All he could do was nod. And that was good enough for Dean, who stood and hugged him tightly, tears filling his eyes too, and then took Castiel’s hand in his, his boyfriend’s face still streaked with tears. He slid the glove off of his hand and slid the ring on.
He stood and placed another kiss on Dean’s head. “Wanna help me with the porch?” he asked, holding his hand out to Dean.
Anna sat at the table while her brother paced nervously in front of her, his hands in front of his face.
Dean couldn’t help but smile. “You, uh, you really don’t have to call me that anymore, Castiel,” he said. “I’m not your teacher. Haven’t been for a while.”
“Yeah,” Dean replied, clearing his throat. “We used to go all the time when I was a kid, as a family. My parents and my brother and me. It’s been a while though. I don’t really have anyone to go with anymore.”
Dean smiled even wider at the idea of Castiel promising a next time. He’d enjoyed his previous visit and was quite fond of his company. He was certainly pleasant to look at, and Dean found that while their conversations hadn’t strayed much from the topic of books, just the sound of another human being’s voice was pleasant.
“It’s okay,” Castiel said. “It’s my own fault. I never should have asked her. It wasn’t fair. I kind of ruined her prom, I guess, which I feel bad about. But I couldn’t ask who I . . .” he trailed off then, biting his lip and wringing his hands together.
“And what are you?” Cas asked, stroking his fingers through Dean’s hair again, and he could hear Dean’s breath hitching. Castiel was fairly certain that Dean had never experienced touch like this before. Loving touch. And if he had it hadn’t been for a very very long time. But he seemed to welcome it, so Cas didn’t stop.
“I’m staying, Dean,” Cas said. And he rested his head back on the mattress, and continued to stroke Dean’s cheek as he started to sing softly.
And Cas wrapped one arm around Dean’s shoulders and placed the other hand on the back of his head and held him as he wept. Dean clung to him, his hands gripping his coat tightly, and he shook, his shoulders racked with sobs.
Dean nodded and busied himself making them supper, but Castiel didn’t even take off his cloak. He felt somewhat guilty, but he couldn’t help it. The man made him uncomfortable and he might have agreed to stay the night but he wasn’t going to make himself at home. He sat curled up on the bed as Anna puttered around the kitchen with Dean and he made sure his eyes stayed on them both.
Dean blushed again. “He was an excellent student,” he said. And he looked into those beautiful blue eyes one last time before the Novak family turned and walked away, and he knew that he would never see Castiel again.
Cas sighed again and climbed into the bed, turning the lamp off and laying down. “You want another blanket?” he asked. “Or I could turn up the heat. You’ll probably get cold down there.”
And Castiel didn’t think twice about shoving past the strange man. He stepped inside and took Anna into his arms, hugging her tightly.
“And now, looking down at the cord, feeling it’s weight, give yourself a gift,” he said softly, stroking Dean’s hair again. “Give yourself the permission, to let go of this cord, to take a knife, and cute it, release it, just drop it. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go.”
“Okay, well, can you think inside where it’s warm? You are going to make yourself sicker out here,” Castiel insisted.
Dean smiled, and it was a foreign feeling, but he was beginning to like the way it felt, his lips curving upwards, his cheeks pushing out to the sides ever so slightly. The right side of his face didn’t move like the left side did, or if it did he couldn’t feel it, but it was still nice, just the knowledge that it was there.
Anna returned the following day like she had promised and Castiel met her in the kitchen. She offered to stay with Dean and let Castiel rest but he insisted that he was fine. He didn’t want to let the other man out of his sight, and if his fever broke and he woke up he wanted his face to be the one that Dean saw.
He sniffled and buttoned the sleeves of his suit jacket, and wiped more tears away, and his chest heaved.
Castiel looked over at the strange man again and then back at his sister. Even though it still made him nervous he found himself letting out a resigned sigh. She was right and he knew it. He was the last person to judge someone for being different, and Dean hadn’t done them any harm yet.
“This is us,” Castiel said, stopping in the aisle. He hefted his duffle into the overhead compartment and slid into the row of seats. Dean followed, trying to hide the fact that his hands were shaking. He kept his phone and earbuds with him so he would have his music to listen to on the flight in the hopes that it would keep him calm if nothing else would, and took his seat next to Castiel.
. Cas loved that he finally knew one more thing about Dean and he loved it even more when he got to pay for Dean’s caramel macchiato.
Dean was crying now, and Cas shook his head, and brought Dean’s head down to his chest and held him once again, tightly. “You are so beautiful, Dean,” he said. “If it takes a lifetime of me telling you that for you to believe it, I will. We all have parts of us that we don’t want to be seen. That we’re embarrassed or ashamed of. For me, for the longest time, it was my sexuality. I thought there was something wrong with me when I realized that I was attracted to men and not women. I thought I needed to be fixed. But, Anna, she helped me realize that there was nothing to fix.”
Castiel’s ears perked up at that. Truth be told he was parched, and the cold from the long ride here was seeping into his bones. Tea sounded wonderful.
“I know you are hesitant, sweetheart,” Castiel said gently, stroking Dean’s arm now with his other hand, “but I really think it would be good for you. Anna and I, we visit the orphanage twice a month. She brings them clothes and blankets that she makes, and I make any necessary repairs, and we play with the children. It’s actually quite fun. I think you might enjoy it. Children can be quite therapeutic actually. Their laughter and their smiles.”
Castiel had tried to correct him and say “You mean favorite dessert, right?” to which Dean had narrowed his eyebrows and said,
“You can’t leave it like that,” she’d said. “You have to try again. He needs friends, Castiel. And Lord knows, so do you.”
“Yeah,” Castiel answered. “I’m Castiel.” He shook Dean’s extended hand as he took the seat next to him.
Cas chuckled. “No,” he said. “You remember the scene where there’s a thunderstorm and the kids are all running into Maria’s room cuz their scared, and she sings that song about their favorite things to cheer them up?”
“I uh, I don’t fly very well,” he admitted. “Kind a freaks me out, actually.” He flushed, embarrassed, and half expecting his former student to laugh at him.
Castiel turned to her. “I’m not in a hurry to meet anyone,” he retorted. “And I’m certainly not in so much of a hurry that I’m going to go out scouting.”
“Oh, God,” Cas finally spoke, wiping the tears from his eyes. “I love you, Dean.” And they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed, fresh snow falling around them, congealing in their hair and on their coats, and their eyelashes. Their fingers and toes were turning numb, they could barely feel their ears anymore and even their lips felt cold pressed together, but they didn’t seem to notice. And if they did notice, they didn’t care.
He kept himself busy by hunting in the woods behind his house, cooking, baking, and reading, but he was terribly lonely.
Anna was not supposed to be back for several more days but that was definitely the sound of her horse, Balthazar.
Cas nodded again. “Well, you’ve certainly given me some things to think about,” he said. “Scares the shit out of me, but . . .”
It didn’t matter, though, Cas was graduating in a few weeks and then he would be off to Stanford, on the other side of the country, and Dean would never see him again. Besides that Cas was way too young for him. It would never work. And he would probably be horrified at the idea of dating a former teacher.
They heard more coughing and footsteps, and the door slowly opened, and Dean stood there, his shoulders slumped, his eyes sunken, and glassy, but still wearing his mask.
“What are you making anyway?” he asked as he wet the rag and wiped the flour from his cheek and nose.
“I know,” Dean panted as they made their way into the bedroom, the last of their clothes sliding off and trailing behind them on the floor.
“You two are free to go,” Mr. Ackles said, and he couldn’t help the small smile that played at the corners of his mouth when the two men walked away.
Dean sniffled and his breathing relaxed. He coughed several times and was reminded just how raw his throat was but he his shaking stopped as well. How did Cas have such a soothing effect on him? He’d never felt so comforted, so loved, so cared for. And once again, he wasn’t sure if he deserved it.
“It’s safer,” Dean said, and was trembling now, and feeling light headed. “I . . . I think you should go,” he said. “I’m tired.”
Castiel nodded and figured he might as well step inside and sit down. He was exhausted, but not exhausted enough that he was going to crawl into a queen sized bed with Dean tonight. Fuck, that would be dangerous territory. Not that he wouldn’t secretly love it, but that was the problem. Working with the man every single day was hard enough, and he was only doing that until Mrs. Anderson was back at the school, resuming her position. He had finally started thinking of Dean as a friend, and a coworker, and sharing a bed with him, that was so not happening.
“I’ll take a shower now,” Dean said. “Then we should get some breakfast. You look like you could use a few dozen cups of coffee.”
“I didn’t mean to, Cas,” Dean said, bringing his knees up closer to his chest now and burying his face in his hands. “It all happened so fast. The fire, Cas. I was scared. And I tried to fix it, but I just made it worse, and . . .”
“No, I’m saying that if it wasn’t for that, I would be kissing you stupid right now.” He locked eyes with Cas and the other man blushed fiercely, and his smile widened.
Dean, however, was far less excited. In fact, excited never even entered his vocabulary. Words like terrified, mortified, petrified, panic stricken, those were at the forefront of the teacher’s mind right now as he followed Castiel to their seats and tried to stay calm.
“Was it just me that wished I could take your hand on that airplane to keep you calm?” Cas continued.
“I know,” Castiel said, biting his lip, his hands clentched together in fists by his sides, knocking against his legs. “You, uh, you look very handsome, Dean,” he said, after looking at the other man for a brief moment.
“You like to read?” Castiel interrupted, his eyes widening in excitement as he pulled the tea cup away from is lips mid sip.
“So, apparently the hotel is booked solid, and while they are “very sorry” they can’t do anything about it,” Dean said, walking into the room slowly, shoving his hands into his pockets. “We’re kinda stuck here, Cas.”
“God, this is all my fault,” he said, reaching behind the mask to stroke Dean’s sweat soaked hair. “I’m so sorry, Dean. I’m so sorry. You have to get better.” He realized as he said it how very selfish it sounded. But he didn’t mean for it to. He didn’t want to Dean to get better to ease his own conscience. He wanted him to get better because he couldn’t bear the thought of losing him, of never coming up to his cottage in the woods again for visits, and tea, and walks in the woods, and reading sessions on Dean’s bed. Because . . . because if anything happened to the man in the fox mask he would be heartbroken. Because . . . because he was falling in love with Dean.
“I, uh, I was wondering if you could do me a favor, actually,” Castiel said. “I’m working on applying for colleges, and I was hoping you could write me a letter of recommendation?” He said it as a question rather than a statement.
Dean’s chest heaved. “Cas, please,” he pleaded, tears filling his eyes now and spilling down his cheeks.
Cas chuckled and looked down at himself. “They’re in the dryer,” he said. “I’m waiting for them to get done.”
Castiel scooped Dean into his arms and carried him over to the bed, laying him down. His body felt warm and clamy, and Castiel was certain he was running a fever without even feeling his forehead.
Dean nodded, and laid down, and Castiel stroked his hair, and Dean closed his eyes. He was still trembling.
They were both laughing and breathing heavily when they finally called a truce and laid down in the snow next to each other to make their snow angels. Dean grumbled once about how ridiculously childlike it was but Castiel just smiled.
Dean sat in one the chairs gingerly, and ran his hand over the table. The wood was dark, smooth, and beautiful. It was intricate. A work of art. And he loved it, and he couldn’t believe that Castiel had made it from his own two hands, just for him.
She had taken it in stride, cried a little, and smiled a lot, and told him how glad she was that he felt safe around her, and he was thankful that he could finally eat and drink around both of them now.
Dean’s hand was warm and slightly rough, calloused from all of the manual labor he’d done over the years no doubt, but it felt right-there, in his, and he found himself stroking it with his thumb, and felt Dean doing the same moments later.
He was scared out of his mind that he would somehow mess up, say something or do something he shouldn’t, but so far so good.
“You like to read?” Dean asked, standing next to him, and noticing the look of utter contentment on the handsome man’s face as he held the book in his hands like it was the most valuable thing in the world. And it made him immensely happy.
Cas was crying now too. “Was it just me, Dean, that wished that trip to DC never ended, so that I could keep waking up next to you every morning?”
Dean, it turned out was actually quite a good tutor and Cas found it easy to learn from him, despite the fact that he had to keep himself from getting continually distracted by freckles and green eyes.
Dean looked up now and he swallowed hard once again. “Cas, you can’t . . . ” he whispered, his voice shaking.
Dean nodded. “He never let me leave the forest, Cas. Never let me go outside without the mask. He said he didn’t want anyone to see his freak of a son. That people would be disgusted and horrified by me. I’ve never known acceptance until you. Never thought anyone could see past the scars and hideousness.”
“Hey, it’s okay. We don’t have to do it. It was just an idea.” He brought Dean over to the table and sat him down and then brought him some water and made him drink. He sat down next to him and took Dean’s hand into his, stroking it with his thumb.
Dean continued to get better as the days and weeks moved on. Physically his cold diminished and he was back to hunting and exploring the outdoors.  He kept his mask off when it was just he and Cas. And Cas had even convinced him at this point that it would be safe to do the same around Anna.
Castiel entered and stood next to Principal Ackles, his messenger bag slung over his shoulder. He wore slacks and a navy blue dress shirt, untucked, with a red tie, and Dean found himself swallowing again and thinking just how attractive Cas looked in his “teacher” attire and . . .
The next few chapters will probably take me longer to post because they’re a bit heavier and more emotionally fraught, and therefore draining to write, especially since I’m drawing from some of my own issues (I like to do that when I write. I think it can be therapeutic but it makes the stories more personal and relatable too, but of course emotionally draining to write as well so I have to take breaks for my own mental health)We’ll see more of Dean dealing with his demons and trying to come to terms with accepting Castiel’s love for him when he feels so unworthy.
“He’s going to be okay, Castiel,” she said. She was not oblivious to the feelings her brother had developed for Dean over the past couple of months and her heart ached to see either of them suffering. Especially when they had both found something so special and so wonderful in each other. That was not something she wanted her brother to lose. He’d already lost so much.
“Morning, gorgeous,” he said, walking over to him and placing a kiss on his cheek, and Cas smiled at him. “Not that I’m complaining or anything,” he added, his eyes sparkling as they took in his husband’s naked legs, “but where are your pants, babe?”
“Hey, look at me,” he said instead. And Dean did, his green eyes wide with fear. “I have an idea. This is gonna sound kinda corny but just go with me on it, okay?”
Shame and guilt were his new best friends it seemed in the last few months since he’d developed these feelings for the dark haired boy, and he was starting to think they weren’t going to be fading any time soon.
“No, it’s uh, it’s fine,” Dean stammered, rubbing the back of his neck. If he wasn’t bi, and Cas wasn’t fucking gorgeous and they were just two normal heterosexual guys sharing a hotel room this wouldn’t be the most incredibly awkward and yet erotic experience of Dean’s life.
“Mom?” Dean said, his eyes not even open. “Dad? What’s going on? Where am I?” And Castiel found that his voice sounded different without the mask. Clearer, and less muffled of course, but deeper almost, and sweeter, too, with a sort of innocence to it.
The problem was, Dean couldn’t tell him. Dean couldn’t tell anyone. Hell, he’d been trying for a long time not to even tell himself.
It ended up being three days later when Castiel arrived back at Dean’s house with Anna. A storm had come in and he hadn’t felt safe traveling so far when he could barely see a few feet in front of him.They had hunkered down at home and hadn’t even gone into town to wait it out, and he only hoped that Dean would understand, and that he had stayed safe as well. Still he couldn’t help the guilt that settled in his chest as they drew closer to the cottage and climbed off of Balthazar.
“In a way,” Castiel said, wiping his hand across his forehead and then leaning over, resting his elbows on his legs, looking at the ground.
Castiel smiled. “They cried, actually,” he said, and he noticed the confusion on Dean’s face and laughed slightly. “They said they had known I was gay for years but they were waiting for me to feel comfortable enough to tell them, and they were just happy that I finally felt safe enough to do it. They’ve been incredibly loving and supportive. I’ve been very lucky.”
“Yeah, I really loved it when I was at Stanford,” Castiel said, softly. “And I think I could use a new start. Things . . . things didn’t work out here, like I’d hoped they’d would.” His eyes met Dean’s and there was a deep sadness in them that mirrored his own.
“Thanks, Mr, uh, I mean, Dean,” he said, and blushed slightly. “God, it feels weird calling you that.”
“Focus all of your attention on the gentle rise and fall of your belly and your chest, as you breath in fresh air, breathing out any air that’s old. Feel your body growing heavier with each inhale. Like a sponge soaking up water, and feeling it relax more deeply with each exhale,” Cas spoke softly as continued to stroke Dean’s hair, closing his eyes as well.
But then he was pushing against Castiel’s chest, and pulling away, shaking his head, and biting his lip.
Castiel wasn’t sure how much later it was when he woke up, but he blinked, and rubbed his eyes, lifting his head from the kitchen table where he’d dozed off. He wiped the drool from the side of his face and glanced around, groggily. His back and neck were aching from sleeping in such an awkward position. He sat up slowly and stretched, arching his back and hearing it pop, reaching his arms out as far as they would go, and yawning as he did.
“It’s okay,” she heard a deep voice say, and it was soothing, and kind, but it was not her brother’s. She panicked, but did not have the strength to move or fight, and she barely managed to lift her eyelids and look up at the stranger, and she blinked, and thought she must be dreaming, because she saw the arms and torso of a man, but the face of a fox.
“I brought you something,” Castiel said, reaching into his cloak and pulling out a small brown book. “As a peace offering, for, upsetting you, last time. It’s my favorite, and . . . I thought you might like to borrow it.” He blushed slightly and held it out to Dean.
Dean was never thrilled when he got roped into being one of the chaperones for the school dances. Honestly he loved his job for the most part, and the kids were great. Teaching was a part of him, and he knew it always would be. But he also liked going home and being done when the school day was over, and relaxing in front of his television with his beer and pie, and wearing his pajamas and bath robe, and not having to be bombarded with balloons and streamers and glitter, and Taylor Swift blasting from the speakers.
Dean lowered his head again and bit his lip. “Cas, stop,” he said again. “Please. You can’t say that.”
“Castiel, I’m surprised at you,” Anna said, narrowing her eyebrows. “Mother and Father always taught us not to judge a book by it’s cover, remember?”
“What about this?” he asked, and slowly closed the space between them, gently, very gently, brushing Dean’s lips with his, making sure that if the other man wanted to pull away he could.
She glanced down at his arms and saw that he was holding a simple blue dress. It looked old, but well cared for. Anna sat up slowly, a hand to her head. It was pounding, and her throat was raw, and her ears were ringing. Her body ached from head to toe. And she was shivering now, she noticed.
“As out as one can be, I think,” Dean replied. “My family knows. My friends know. I’m not saying it’s all been sunshine and roses. But along the way I realized it was harder to hide my true self than it was to be honest, especially anytime I found myself interested in a guy. And the person I was really hurting in the end, was me, and it wasn’t worth it. If I told people and they couldn’t accept it, that was on them. And yeah, it hurt, the friends or family I thought or hoped would stand by me and didn’t, but ultimately it was okay in the end because I was my authentic self, and that made me happier than my relationships with them. And if they couldn’t accept me and support me in that, then they weren’t really my family or friends anyway. You’ll find your tribe, Castiel, and it might not be the people you thought it would be. And there will be a grieving period if you lose people, but there are people out there who will love you and support you, too, and you will also find tremendous freedom in living your own life as your truest self with someone that you love.”
Their afternoon had been quiet and calm. He’d made a conscious effort not to mention Dean’s mask. Although he did feel bad when he noticed that Dean continued to offer him food and drink but did not take any for himself and he realized that maybe he should cut his visits shorter for that reason. He did not want to make Dean feel uncomfortable in his own home and the poor man was going to starve to death if Castiel continued to stay for as long as he had today.
Castiel smiled. “I’m glad,” he said. “I don’t have another one for you, but I can bring one when I come next time.”
“You have to be okay,” he whispered, continuing to card his fingers through Dean’s hair and realizing just how shallow the man’s breathing was. He wanted to take off his mask just to make sure he was okay, but he thought better of it. He would wait for the doctor unless he stopped hearing Dean breathe all together.
“I wish there was some way I could repay you,” she said. “Unfortunately I don’t have much. I don’t even know where I am, or what happened to my horse and cart, and all of my designs, and . . .” she trailed off now, realizing that her hopes of attending the fair and showing off her work, were gone, probably destroyed in the storm that had almost claimed her life. And she had no idea if Balthazar was even alive.
She turned his face so that she she was looking him in the eyes. “You’ll be okay,” she said softly but assuredly, wiping the tears from his cheeks.  She pressed another soft kiss to his forehead and then she walked out the door, shutting it behind her.
“Dean, I’m freezing,” Cas said, his arms wrapped around himself, his teeth chattering. He could see his breath every time he opened his mouth. “Seriously, what’s going on? You know I like coming here with you, but can we wait til it gets a little bit warmer, please?” he pleaded.
Cas smiled softly and joined him, lacing his fingers together and placing them on his stomach. He sighed contentedly.
Castiel nodded, still feeling rather flustered. And a tad guilty. He hadn’t just flirted with Dean had he? God, he hadn’t meant to. The guy was engaged for Pete’s sake.  But Dean didn’t seem bothered by it so he told himself to let it go and that he wouldn’t compliment the man ever again so he wouldn’t have to worry about it.  Figuring out how to do that with less nefarious means than duct tape or sewing his mouth shut was another matter all together.  The words just seemed to tumble out of his mouth when he looked at his former teacher, as if he had no control whatsoever over his vocal cords.  But Castiel was determined not to make a fool out of himself so he was going to have to pull himself together.
Anna nodded in understanding. She stayed to make her brother breakfast and then hugged and kissed him and headed out again, saying she would be back tonight just in case Dean’s fever hadn’t broken and she needed to fetch Dr. Singer again.
“Please, Dean,” Cas begged his husband, giving him the best puppy dog face he could muster. “I promise, you wouldn’t even have to do anything. I’d take care of it, one hundred percent. You wouldn’t even know it was here.”
“I see,” Bobby said, and he bit his lip. “Well, I had to take it off to treat him, no real way around it, I’m afraid. And it needs to stay off as long as he’s sick. Gotta get fresh air into those lungs and not have him coughin’ and sweatin’ around it.”
Dean leaned forward and took it and his eyes went wide. It was the latest copy of the school newspaper and on the front cover was a picture of he and Cas together on the bus trip they’d taken around DC, Castiel’s head resting on his shoulder, sound asleep, and a caption that read,
He entered, carrying the purchases from the fabric store and the groceries, and went to lay the bags down on the table when Anna shrieked at him.
And Cas nodded. “Of course. My flight leaves the morning after, but I wouldn’t miss it.” The thought of watching Dean marry someone else made him sick to his stomach, and honestly made him want to cry, but he was Dean’s friend, and he would be there to support him, no matter how much it hurt.
“Know that you are in a safe space, and that if at any time you feel overwhelmed, it’s okay to stop, and just focus the attention right back here, on your breath.”
“I was gonna tell you after class, but I didn’t get the chance,” Castiel said, “but I thought I’d let you know that that letter of recommendation you wrote for me got me accepted into Stanford. And I got a scholarship.”
“Dean?” he said, standing and moving towards the other room. He peaked inside, but there was no sign of Dean.
“I know you weren’t up for it the last time I asked you, but what would think about going into town with me and Anna some time?” Castiel asked.
Castiel’s heart wouldn’t stop pounding and he could tell his hand was sweating in Dean’s despite the chilly night air, but he didn’t pull it away, and Dean didn’t either.
“Are you serious about this?” he asked incredulously. “This guy is creeping me out. I don’t . . .” He glanced back at Dean, “I don’t trust him, Anna. Maybe he helped you out, but staying the night here . . .?”
What if seeing Dean scared him too much? What if it repulsed him? What if he couldn’t hide his disgust and his fear? What if he couldn’t handle the man under the mask? The real Dean. What if he wasn’t as good of a friend as he thought he was? What if he didn’t love Dean as much as he thought he did? Would seeing his deformity be enough to make him change his mind, to make him turn away?
“Thank you,” Dean said. “I’ve always enjoyed cooking. Which is good, I guess because I’ve had to do it since I was very young. After my mother died, I . . .”
“Yeah, definitely,” Dean said, his face flushing bright red. “I’ll, uh, I’ll go talk to them. You can wait here, if you want.”
And he made up his mind that if Dean didn’t ask him soon he would have to man up and ask Dean because it had been six weeks now of flirting and light hearted bantering, and eye fucking, and Cas was going crazy trying to figure out what was going on. Dean liked him, didn’t he? So why wasn’t he making a move?
Castiel reached up and stroked Dean’s mangled cheek, even though he knew the other man couldn’t feel it, and Dean’s gaze met his. “You could wear your mask if it makes you feel more comfortable around the children, Dean,” he said. “I would understand. But you don’t have to. I think you’ve learned somehow that you have to hide yourself from people, that they will fear you or be disgusted by you. Was that your father as well?”
But before he left, he stepped forward and pressed his lips softly to Dean’s head. “You don’t need to hide from me,” he said.
They talked for a while after that. About their families, about their classes. Cas found out that Dean was a junior which he couldn’t believe he hadn’t known until this point as he himself was a freshman. Dean was majoring in elementary education which Cas thought was both adorable and fitting, given how good a teacher he was. He was a little nervous when Dean asked what his major was and he didn’t have an answer, but once again Dean took it in stride, told him there was no rush and that he didn’t have to have it figured out yet.
“Dean, would you be willing to show Castiel to his classroom once we’re finished here?” Principal Ackles asked. “It’s right next to yours.”
Dean glanced down at what he was wearing, slightly embarrassed. He’d been wearing his father’s old clothes for quite some time now, and they had grown worn and thin and frayed. And it was becoming increasingly chillier to go hunting in them, that was for sure. His coat especially was in need of repair but getting new things was impossible since he could never go into town, so he just made due with what he had.
Cas got a chai tea latte and they sat at a table near the window sipping on their drinks as they talked, and Cas couldn’t help thinking of their outing as a date, and it had him smiling profusely.
“Of course,” Dean said, and gave Cas a smile, because he was after all, a goddamn professional and he could pull himself together and work with his former student.  His former student that he
“That song you’ve been singing,” he said after several minutes of silence, “where did you learn it?”
Dean hesitated. Right now he was laying on his side, his scarred face against the pillow, almost invisible. If he sat up . . .
They hadn't slept together yet but Dean was okay with that, taking things slow.  He was still a little nervous about the idea of sex to be honest, as much as he wanted to experience intimacy and closeness with Cas, it scared him too, and he was comfortable with where they were.  Kissing, snuggling, falling asleep in each other's arms, waking up next to each other.  It was pretty perfect really. They had talked about it, and Cas had assured him that he was in no hurry, and that he was perfectly willing to wait however long Dean needed to.  Cas had even admitted that he was a little nervous himself which had set Dean's mind at ease.  He was more than a little surprised to find that Castiel was a virgin, givin their perspective ages, but he was also somewhat relieved, and honestly delighted as he had not had any prior experience himself, and it made a warm feeling settle in his chest, knowing that when the time did come, they would both be each other's firsts.
Damn if Dean didn’t want to just slide his arms around Catiel’s waist right then and there and press his lips to the other man’s neck. Drink in the scent of his musky body wash and feel his knitted blue scarf brushing against his face.
This year, the snow might keep Castiel away. And he was missing him already, and the thought of not seeing him until the weather cleared up or until Castiel felt safe traveling the long distance in the cold had his stomach in knots and he couldn’t help feeling a little heartsick.
He pulled his book out of his backpack and set it down on the table, biting the inside of his cheek nervously, his leg bouncing up and down. And he almost jumped out of his skin when he heard a voice next to him say,
“I’m still sick,” Dean said. “And I’ve got even more snot on my face than usual from all the crying I’ve been doing.”
“That’s an interesting group to put together,” Castiel commented as he shut the door to Garth, Kevin, Adam, and Ash’s room. He couldn’t help but chuckle a little bit.
And he wasn’t about to throw what he had with Lisa away. Not for something that would never work in a thousand years anyway. Whatever feelings he’d had for Castiel were in the past. The distant past. He’d moved on, and he was happy. Lisa made him happy. Tying the knot would cement things for him. In his heart and mind. The sooner this wedding happened, the better.
Before he knew it Castiel had him pressed up against the wall, and he was moaning as Castiel’s tongue entered his mouth, and he was carding his fingers through the other man’s hair, and God it was glorious. It was everything he’d ever wanted. It was perfection.
They visited the White House, Ford’s Theater, which was Dean’s favorite as he was a big fan of Abraham Lincoln, the Museum of Natural History, and the Library of Congress, which was Castiel’s favorite, because of course, books. And Dean practically had to grab him and pull him away when it was time to leave. But he had the biggest smile on his face when he did because damn if Castiel wasn’t adorable when he was geeking out over books and history, his blue eyes wide, taking everything in, mouth gaping.
Oh, God. His wedding. He was getting married. In three weeks. To Lisa. He was so convinced that he loved her. At least he had been. But now, now he wasn’t so sure. And what the hell was he supposed to do about that? He couldn’t hurt her. He just couldn’t. And he still had no idea if he and Cas would ever work. He didn’t know if Cas had any feelings for him at all. God this was insane.
Anna stood and walked with him to the door. “Thank you Bobby,” she said, and closed the door behind him.
And Castiel didn’t know how to talk to strange men that dressed up as foxes and pretended it was perfectly normal behavior. Especially when they looked at him like that.
Dean’s breathing was even and his chills had diminished from the previous night. Castiel prayed that his fever would be gone by this evening.
But then his stomach sank, and he frowned, and his chest tightened. Would Castiel still be flirting with him if he saw who he really was, underneath the mask? If he knew the truth about what Dean had done?
It was half an hour later when they were out of the busy college town and into the countryside that Dean pulled the car into a clearing off the side of the road and turned it off.
Dean didn’t want to go home after work so he headed to his favorite coffee shop around the corner instead. Being at home would be boring and lonely without Lisa there. She never got off work until 6 and the two hours he spent by himself waiting for her were torture sometimes, so he preferred to grade his papers and work on his lesson plans over a cup of joe at the local cafe instead, listening to the music in the background and the murmur of conversation around him and the sound of dishes clinking together.
Cas found himself glancing at Dean’s lips and nodding his head, and Dean scooted closer, filling the space between them. And Castiel rested his hand on Dean’s cheek as well, and the stars, and the moon, and the crickets, and the wind, and the birds, became silent, became nothing around them as Castiel’s lips found Dean’s.
“Hey,” he said softly, "talk to me. What’s wrong? I get the feeling there’s some sort of story here I’m not aware of.”
“Well, uh, good luck, I guess,” he said, his chest aching. He wished he could sound more upbeat and supportive for Cas but he just couldn’t seem to muster up the false enthusiasm.
Memories of his mother danced through his head once again. Memories of a carrot nose, and coal buttons, and one of her hats for the snowman’s head because his father didn’t want his ruined. Memories of hot chocolate afterwards, and her fingers running through his hair as she kissed his cheek, the one he could no longer feel . . . and he brought his hand up absently to his face, and felt his mask instead.
He moved to the side and squatted down now, looking up at Dean, the other man’s eyes glistening with tears.
“Cas,” Anna said, sitting down next to him on a stool. “Look, you know I’m happy with my work, where I am, doing what I’m doing. But you know that you don’t have to be me, right? You don’t have to want the same things I want, or have the same dreams that I have. You are allowed to be yourself, and chase your dreams. And if those dreams involve romance and love and a husband and a family, then . . .”
“Stanford was amazing,” Castiel said with a wide grin. “Not gonna lie, I had my share of sleepless nights and panic attacks over last minute papers and what not, but over all, I loved it. Just graduated last year.”
“Honestly, I don’t think I need the help. I remember this place pretty well,” Castiel said as they walked, “but since our classrooms are across the hall from each other, and Mr. Ackles asked you already I figured we might as well walk together.”
“Anna, go for Dr. Singer,” he said, looking back at his sister with panic in his blue eyes, and she didn’t miss a beat. Just ran back to Balthazar and climbed on.
He rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands and yawned. For the love of all that was holy, why did he have to wake up at the butt crack of dawn? He was
“Dean, you have to stop listening to your father,” he said. “He’s poison, do you understand? He’s toxic. I know that’s hard for you to hear, because he is your father and as horribly as he treated you you still loved him. You still craved his approval.  But his approval was not worth having, Dean. He was wrong, Dean. He was wrong. And no matter what mistakes you made or how you messed up, he had no right to treat you that way. He should have been there for you.  He should have loved you. That was his job. And if he was hurting he should have gotten help, not taken it out on you. You deserved better. Your father made his own choices and his happiness was not your responsibility. I’m so sorry, Dean.”
The side with the smooth skin, and the freckles adorning his nose and cheeks. The side that hadn’t been damaged in the fire all those years ago, according to Bobby. And he brushed that side with his fingers too.
“Whatever you want to do,” he said, pulling away. “We can take it slow. But just think about it, okay? I really think the people in the town would be more accepting than your father led you to believe. It’s a big world, Dean, and you fit. I promise.”
“Dean,” Cas said again, breathless, running his fingers through the other man’s hair, and along his body, as they desperately tried to undress each other. “I love you. I love you so much.”
Castiel had rummaged through Dean’s trunk to find something. Dean didn’t seem to mind Castiel handling each and every one of his books and told him which were his favorites as well.
He was falling in love with the man in the fox mask. He didn’t even know what he looked like, but it didn’t matter. Only Dean mattered.
The fox man’s eyes looked sad, and his shoulder’s slumped. “You are not my prisoners,” he said. “You are free to leave whenever you wish. But your sister is sick, so she should go straight home and rest.”
“Anna’s doing a little bit better,” he said slowly. “I guess I should thank you again, for saving her. She’s the only family I have left.”
They sat at a table with the other teachers and went over their itinerary while they ate, and then made sure all the students were there before heading out for their day on the city.
He expected to see his brother, or one of his parents, or even the pastor, but the last person he expected to see was Castiel.
And then they heard something from the other side of the door that sounded like someone coughing, violently, and they exchanged glances with each other.
Dean discovered Cas’s love for mexican food, and his dislike of Italian food. He learned that Castiel loved theater and music and writing, and that he'd in fact written some poetry which Dean was more than intrigued by.
“I picked it up, Cas,” Dean said. “I just wanted to hold it. I don’t know why I did it. My mom told me it was dangerous, that it would be hot, that I could get hurt. But I didn’t listen. And as soon as the wax touched my fingers, it burned, and I dropped it, and . . .”
And Dean’s breath hitched, and he recoiled, and shook his head, pulling out of Cas’s grasp. “Don’t,” he said. “Don’t say that, Cas.”
Dean grinned. He was starting to like this Castiel character. “I don’t think there’s any such thing as reading too much,” he replied, his eyes twinkling.
Dean hesitated, but the weather was beautiful this afternoon, and he loved the woods in the fall, the leaves in all their bright colors. And some fresh air would be nice. There was really no reason not to.
“I knocked but you didn’t hear me,” Castiel said, gripping the straps of his back pack with both hands. Dean noticed that he was wearing a rather broad smile. He nodded.
“Thank you,” Dean said, looking down at himself and smiling. “This is another one of my favorite things.”
It was some time later, when his voice had grown hoarse, and he had all but lost hope that his eyes caught sight of a small cottage off in the distance.
He took Dean’s hand in his and brushed the other man’s shoulder with his nose, and then pressed his lips to it.
Castiel blushed. “Right, yeah, habit, I guess. Would you like to sit?” he gestured to the chair Dean was standing next to.
Cas spoke again. “Notice how much space this had freed up in your body. Perhaps it’s increased your capacity for other emotions. Allowing more room for joy, gratitude, the things that you love.”
And Dean took it, smiling, and stood.  He rested his hand on Castiel's cheek and pressed his lips softly to his, closing his eyes, and drinking him in.
“He told me it was my fault she was dead, Cas. That I killed her. That she would be alive if it wasn’t for me. He told me I was a monster. He even told me that my face was just physical evidence of what I was on the inside. I tried so hard to make up for my mistake Cas. To do better. To be better. To prove him wrong. To make him happy, or at least not miserable. To make him not hate me. But nothing I ever did was good enough. I was never good enough.”
Castiel sighed. He knew better than to argue with his sister over this. And he also knew that since she was still sick and needing to rest and recover for the next few days he would be the one coming back to visit Dean, on his own.
Anna opened her eyes and was once again met by the face of a fox, only this time she realized it was a mask, and underneath, were the greenest eyes she’d ever seen. She blinked up at the man behind it, becoming more aware of how cold and wet she was. There was a fire going in the room and that was helping, but the man was right, she needed to change.
He accepted the soup Dean offered and he got even more uncomfortable when it actually tasted delicious and he found he was in fact  starving and wolfed it down.
“No,” Dean whispered, and his heart rate was picking up once again. Even though he couldn’t feel Cas’s touch, the way Cas looked at him, and spoke to him, the way Cas was sitting so very close to him now, had him glancing down at the other man’s lips. He’d never kissed anyone before, and he wondered what kissing Castiel would be like. Did Castiel want to kiss him?
And Dean did. And it quickly grew more heated. And Cas put his book and his donut aside, and wrapped his legs around his husband’s waist as they ran their fingers through each other’s hair, moaning softly.
And Cas did, and Dean snuggled up next to him, resting is head on Cas’s shoulder, and feeling strong, gentle fingers stroking through his hair and soft lips pressed against the top of his head, and he draped his arm across Castiel’s waist and closed his eyes, and drifted to sleep, thinking that maybe, just maybe, he deserved this.
“Mr. Novak will be taking over Mrs. Anderson’s history class,” Principal Ackles said. “We’re glad to have him on board and we hope that you will make him feel welcome.”
His heart rate picked up, his chest tightened, and his breath caught in his throat. He swallowed. “Why aren’t you afraid of me?” he asked as he started to tremble. He couldn’t help it.
“For loving me,” Dean said. “For helping me see myself for who I really was, and accepting me, despite all of my mistakes and imperfections, and flaws. For so long I believed that what I looked like on the outside was a reflection of what I was on the inside. But you showed me differently. You helped me believe that I deserve good things. That I deserve love. That I deserve you.”
He handed Dean some gloves he was hopeful would fit. The man’s hands seemed a little larger than his but his father’s gloves would do the trick he thought and they seemed to be in better shape than the ones Dean currently owned.
“Yes, I do,” Dean said, softly, looking down at his lap again. “Please, Cas. I can’t do this. Please leave.” And he had tears filling his eyes, and sliding down his cheeks.
Dean blinked. “Oh,” he said. “I, uh, I see.” Shit, he really wished he could have thought of something more encouraging to say to the kid but he was tongue tied. Cas was gay? Shit, the boy he was head of heals for was actually interested in dudes?
And more than anything right now, Castiel wished he could reach over and take Dean's hand into his, squeeze it gently, or stroke his thumb over his soft skin to sooth him, comfort him, ground him.
And his chest heaved ever so slightly and he felt a tear sliding down his left cheek. He couldn’t let Cas love him.
Castiel grinned. “Of course,” he said. “Even if my motives were a little self serving,” he jokingly rubbed his rear as if it were still sore and made a face, and Dean chuckled.
The feelings he couldn’t help, although he had tried. God had he tried. He’d tried for months now to ignore them, block them out, pretend they didn’t exist, but it was no use.
“Sorry,” Dean said, pulling his hand back. “You had a leaf in your hair.” He raised it, showing it to Castiel as proof, and the other man smiled and blushed.
And he smiled when Dean’s hand moved from his forearm to his cheek, and his lips brushed against his own, kissing him back.
Anna giggled. “Only you would spend your time with another person doing the same thing you do by yourself.”
Dean drifted off once again, and Castiel stayed by his side throughout the night, wiping his head, switching his blankets when he felt he needed something thicker or thinner depending on how Dean was reacting to the chills and the fever, stoking the fire, even changing his shirt a time or two when he would wake up drenched in sweat. Dean stayed pretty delirious and unconscious for all of it, never fully aware of what was going on or who was taking care of him, or even that someone was taking care of him.
Some might look at the collection and see it as being mistreated but Castiel looked at it and saw it as well loved. These books had been read over and over and over again. And it showed.
Dean shrugged. “My brother’s out in California. My parents got divorced when I was a freshman in college and Lisa’s not really a big fan. We went once but she was pretty miserable so I haven’t taken her again since.”
And Dean turned and looked at him. But the words he spoke were not at all what Castiel was expecting to hear.
God, he felt like such an idiot. He couldn’t believe he had to have a tutor. Having a tutor for Physics or Calculus, or Trigonometry, or Latin, or something he deemed actually counted as a difficult course was something he could live with, but
She didn’t argue. And she found she felt strangely safe and comfortable letting herself fall asleep once again in the strange man’s house. The man who had seemingly rescued her from the woods, cared for her, given her a place to stay and re-cooperate.
He fought the urge to drape his arm over Castiel’s shoulders and pull him closer. He was so breathtakingly beautiful, and his dark hair was sticking up in all directions, tickling Dean’s jaw now, just as Dean’s had done on the airplane the day before, and Dean felt tears stinging at the corners of his eyes and wiped them away, and he fought doubly as hard not to move his face ever so slightly and press his lips to Castiel’s hair. God he wanted to so badly. He wanted to rest his head on Castiel’s and close his eyes, wanted to take the other man’s hand into his and interlock their fingers together, wanted to cup his stubbled face in his hands and kiss him stupid under the city lights.
“No, no, it is . . . on point, I mean,” Cas said, and he could see the smile and the color returning to Dean’s face, and he smiled too. “I uh, I’m bi, actually, but I’ve never had boyfriend.”
, he thought to himself, as he slid on his boots and coat. He grabbed Dean’s coat and jerked the front door open calling his name, and stopped himself when he saw the man sitting on the rocking chair on the front porch, arms wrapped around himself, hunched over, rocking and shivering.
“We’ll figure it out,” Castiel said. “It’ll be an adventure.” And he placed a kiss on Dean’s cheek as they headed towards the plane.
“No, Dean,” he said, sliding down and taking Dean’s face into his hands now. “Because I wasn’t broken. And neither are you. But we won’t experience freedom or healing until we let those parts of us be truly seen. Letting Anna in, it was the best thing I ever did. My parents passed away before I got a chance to tell them, but I wish I had. And it became so much easier to embrace myself for who I truly was , knowing that I had my sitster’s support. And you have my support, Dean.” He placed a kiss to Dean’s forehead, and lingered there for a long moment, drinking the other man in, but also letting him know, he hoped, just how very deeply he was loved.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas said. “It’s okay. Let it go. Let it go. Feel how much lighter you’ve become without this cord, without the weight of this negative energy dragging you around, without the connection to the offender, with nothing binding you anymore. Experience the feeling of freedom.”
Castiel flushed, his eyes wide. His had his arms crossed over his chest to try and keep himself warm. He was shaking now, but he wasn’t sure if it was from the cold or Dean’s harsh words. “You don’t mean that,” he said, hurt evident in his voice.
It made his heart sick to think of her out here in these woods somewhere, cold and alone, and maybe even . . .
He couldn’t help but look Castiel over briefly in his tux when the boy looked away.  He was looking especially cute. He had a navy blue bow tie on that matched his date’s dress and happened to make his eyes stand out even more than usual, and his hair was styled to perfection. And more than anything he wished he could take Castiel into his arms and lead him onto the dance floor, but that would be a big fat no no, so here they sat, teacher and student, talking to each other on prom night.
Cas’s head was reeling. Dean had just kissed him. Kissed him like he’d never been kissed before, and now he wanted him to leave?
“Dean?” he said, his eyes blurry with tears, and he wiped them away again. “What are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be getting married? Where’s Lisa?”
“Thank you,” she said, taking the cup and holding it in her small hands. The warmth filled her and she sighed, breathing it in. It smelled just as good as it tasted. There was honey and a hint of lemon.
Still, Cas stuck around, came back, stayed. Shared a bed with him. Built a bookshelf so that his collection of literature could be stored in sight and organized instead of stuffed away in a trunk. It felt like they were truly turning Dean’s tiny run down cottage into a home, and he loved it.
“I love you,” Cas repeated. “I know you might hate me for saying it, but I had to. I couldn’t let you marry Lisa without you knowing how I felt. I’ve loved you since my senior year of high school. You were the reason I came back to Lawrence. You were the dream I wanted to chase, Dean. So tell me, please, was it just me? If it was then I will walk out of here and get on that plane tomorrow and you will never see me again, I swear.”
Cas smiled back. He moved closer to his sister again and kissed the top of her head. The only part it seemed that wasn’t covered in flour, and then went to their shed to start on his project.
“Work stress keeping you up?” Castiel prodded gently. Dean knew he wasn’t trying to be nosy, just conversational, and kind, but he obviously wasn’t going to tell the young man the real reason for his lack of sleep.
He awoke to the sound of Dean coughing, and the man was shivering, sweat beading his forehead once again.
“Did you get what you needed, too?” Anna asked, wiping her hands on her apron when Castiel came back up to the kitchen.
Castiel felt a pang in his chest and he had to sit. Tears filled his eyes. He wasn’t sure if it was because he was grateful Dean was okay  or if it was guilt eating away at him again.
“I’m sorry to bother you,” Castiel said, and he was growing even more sorry by the minute, being in the presence of this strange man, out in the middle of nowhere, in this rundown cottage, the face of a fox completely covering his own.
There was a wrapping sound on the door just then that startled him, and brought him out of his memories, and he wiped the tear that ran down his cheek, and stood, searching for his mask, and wondering who on earth could be at his door this time. As far as he knew no one but the red haired girl and her brother knew he was out here and he was certainly not expecting more visitors.
Dean chuckled. “I think it was the perfect combination of both,” he said. “And funny, too. I liked it very much. Thank you, Castiel.”
“Yeah,” he said, and he did find that having her in his arms made him feel better. “Yeah, I’m good.”
But Castiel found that he was right about not sleeping. Unfortunately it wasn’t because of his proximity to Dean, and the warmth radiating from his body or the idea of them being under the same blankets, or how he could roll over and watch him sleeping if he wanted to, and catch glimpses of the freckles scattered across the other man’s nose and cheeks from the light cast on his face through the moon peeking through the crack in the curtains, but rather the fact that Dean’s snoring on the plane was nothing compared to the snoring he did when he slept at night, apparently. Not soft, and sweet, but unbelievably loud, like a freight train was going through their room. Castiel wondered if it was loud enough to wake up their neighbors to be honest, and he was beside himself with exhaustion but he didn’t feel comfortable waking Dean up and he figured if he was snoring this loudly he must be exhausted. So he let him sleep, and wondered how on earth Lisa dealt with it every night.
Dean grinned. “I do already have a ticket,” he said. “I had to buy one to get to the damn gate to make my little heart felt speech to you.”
Their third date was a combination of their first and second dates. Since it was getting colder out now they got their coffee and then took it to their secret spot and laid out their blanket to look up at the stars once again, and they sipped on their warm drinks, this time covered in Dean’s extra blanket, which was just barely big enough for both of them, but they were both okay with shuffling a little closer together to make it work.
“You can’t . . . you can’t just say stuff like that,” he said softly. And once again he found himself staring into those mesmerizing green eyes.
“Like what?” Castiel said as they made their way through the woods. He had a feeling he wasn’t going to like what Anna suggested and he was right.
And Castiel smiled slightly. And tears slid down his cheeks. The man before him was disfigured, yes. Imperfect. Flawed. But still beautiful. Still Dean. His Dean. And if anything, Castiel was all the more certain now, that he loved him.
They were standing by the hood of the Impala and Cas couldn’t stop shaking. “Fine,” he said. “What is it?”
Cas was sitting on the kitchen counter, wearing a dress shirt, tie, and socks, but no pants, and holding a donut in one hand with one bite missing and a book in the other, and he was laughing.
Meg sighed and handed him the bag across the counter. “You and me both, Clarence,” she said. “Tell your sister I said hi.”
