He does something good though. He apologizes to Jack, he knows that’s not enough for the shit he pulled and he definitely doesn’t deserve the hug Jack gives him, but it’s all he can do right now.
“Castiel!” Dean turns at the source of the cheery exclaim and sees a short brown-haired guy smiling at Cas knowingly and with mirth.
He drives them back to the law firm, Castiel clutching the box in his hands along with the trench coat, his satchel in his shoulder about to fall off, and he looks at Dean intensely, with a heat behind his eyes, that could be Deans’ imagination and he says something along the lines of see you around or something equally nonsensical.
“You were a child” There is conviction in his voice and a hint of anger and Dean knows it’s not directed at him, still he flinches slightly.
Castiel rolls his eyes, it’s the forth time they are asking him to go out with them, in the last two weeks and he knows he can’t keep refusing them. He also, knows that this is the same reason why Gabriel calls this time, he is extremely persuasive. He has managed to convince Castiel to do things he otherwise wouldn't even imagine doing. “I don't have a choice, do I?”
He turns and sees Hannah studying him, but he ignores her, as for the other guy, whatever his name is, he has moved further into the room and is taking a seat in one of the chairs, completely oblivious. When he is at the door Novak calls out at him, making him freeze. He turns around slowly almost steeling himself.
He nods, not having enough energy to talk and walks inside. He sees Inias’ report and contemplates staying to read through it, but decides against it, it would take him twice the time and he could do it in the morning. Instead, he takes his trench coat from the coat stand and puts it on, taking his car keys, from atop of the desk and walks back out.
They don’t get much from the house or from Michael’s and Sam’s conversation with Esme that Dean doesn’t stay for. What they all agree on is that it’s strange that the alleged werewolf didn’t take the heart and that the police found a bloomed Myrtle branch at the back door from where the perp clearly left from and finally Michael senses something in the house. An energy or more accurately a curse, hence the alleged werewolf and hence they are looking for a witch.
He takes a deep breath and feels like his lungs are filled with air for the first time ever. It's painful and it burns. Then, he turns abruptly and walks towards the house.
After four years with her, they offered him the position of detective in the homicide department and though he really liked working with her, he found that the that department suited him more.
“I’m meeting Balthazar on Monday morning to finalize everything, so everything will be taken care of by Friday, Saturday the latest” he still hasn't told Sam or Ellen or anyone really other than Benny and Cas. If everything goes well, he is planning on telling them all next Sunday.
“No?” she looks at him like she has already won and they both know she has, because there is no way Dean is not taking those spells. He won’t be able to go on without at least trying, even if he fails again and again.
“Do you want a ride?” Castiel asks cautiously, as if he is afraid he will spook Dean and checks his phone.
“I wanted him there” he utters, sounding almost dazed, the guilt that he tried so much to suppress, finds a path and it starts to slowly choke him. “I didn't care for once that Mick was gone and-” he stops and takes a breath “I just wanted him there. Dean.”
He looks at Cas, who looks back at him, surprised and with a little sadness. “Ok yes. But there are bigger problems out there and besides, I was so busy after the first two grades of school that I didn't have time to, to look out windows” he says in a rush and crosses his arms in the end.
“Dean really I don't mind.” Castiel assures him and gives him a wavering smile, because if he lets himself, he will grin like a madman.
“I’ll be there” he reassures her again, then “So the crush on Baum is” he trails off, gesturing with his hands.
He moves in front of the desk and continues “She told me you finished Steppenwolf last week and so you have submitted your essays, they will be graded, but with a small delay. As you can see, we are starting Camus. Is anyone familiar with his work?” he looks around a bit and chuckles softly, its deep and ignites something in Dean “Alright, no surprise there. He is not very attractive to younger people. We will be reading Stranger. It is a very dense and rich work, don't be fooled by Camus simple way of writing. It is a prime example of his philosophy, the absurdism, but also existentialism” he changes the slide, “I putted up four papers on those that you should read, and I also cited a few at the last slides, for those of you who want to read further, though I will encourage you all to read as much as you can for better understanding. Does anyone know about absurdism?"
“I have a lead” she says sitting up straight and placing both her palm on the file, her eyes gleaming. Castiel understands what it means to her, all the sleepless nights, all the dead ends and finally something, and by the looks of it something solid. He can’t help but feel a little jealous, his case is practically frozen.
He reaches the store and buys what he needs quickly, and if he nearly drops the bottle of milk he is holding, because the woman in the register has just about the same blue eyes as Cas, no one needs to know. She is blonde anyways.
He goes to the left side of the bar, where the sink is and washes his hands from the syrup. He really needs Benny to come back. It’s not that he doesn't like working alone or with the occasional help of Jo, but one, the bar is too big for one person to handle and two, he and Benny have been working together for four years now, they know each other and most importantly they are in tune. And honestly, Dean kind of misses the guy. Yes, he is happy for him and Andrea and their baby girl, their unfairly cute (and so
That is, until he lifts his eyes and finds Novak a few tables over reading a book. He swallows, his traitorous heart missing a beat. He doesn't mean to stare, there is just something magnetizing about looking at the man as he is absorbed in whatever he is reading his expressions changing subtly – you have to pay attention to notice -, as he reads along, sometimes mouthing words or his tongue darts out to wet at his lips. At one point he scowls on a page and Dean stifles a laugh. When he closes the book around his finger, not to lose the page and reaches for his mug, Dean averts his eyes to his keyboard and wills to whomever is listening not for Novak to notice him. It must fall to deaf ears – not surprise there – because he does feel eyes on him and after a second or two, he does raise his head and looks back at the man.
The third time he brings them to the edge and stops, when his hand has begun to hurt a little and a sweet layer of sweat has covered him, Cas says his name with a groan and before Dean can say anything he flips them over.
Cas nods and drinks from his glass and scrunches his nose, reminding Dean oddly of a cat, “It’s cold”
“For starters, they all ate, mostly different foods, just before they had sex.” He narrows his eyes slightly “I think he asks them what they want”
good, Dean can practically feel them in his back and gripping his hips and he swallows, shifting. He drops his eyes and takes a steadying breath, there is heat gathering at his lower stomach. He needs to stop now, before it gets bad.
“I just. You know how we watched that movie or when Sam made you go grocery shopping” – Dean rolls his eyes – “and I went with you? We were ok then, it was a
Charlie shrugs at Inias. “It’s a little weird too. I mean, they choose hotel rooms, that they don't use for you know and they leave them there for people to find them” she voices the last words slowly, almost in a question.
He lowers the phone from his ear and licks his lips. Hands shaking. Last time he got a call like that, some jackass had push Sam down the stairs and he had a splint wrist, seven stitches on his head and a concussion.
He focuses on Cas’ touch grounding himself. Then wispers, “The things I let him do” he swallows, and Cas squeezes his shoulder, but Dean can’t look up at him. “I didn't know anyone here, I mean I had Ellen and Bobby, but no one outside them and I- It was a year after dad died, and I had moved here with Sam, he was in his last year of high school. I knew he wanted to leave and I don't know, it was pretty, I felt- I felt abandoned. Again. It’s not an excuse but” he is trembling, he tries to control it, burying himself deeper into the bed, “I had been going at the club for some time, a couple of months or something. He was so, so
“I want to see the movie” He says with a tone like Dean is stupid. He tries not be offended, he gets the impression that Castiel, is a bit abrupt and inept to some social queues.
“No. He, he was the one that…” he intertwines his fingers together, sitting a bit forward and sighs softly.
told Cas about how reckless and stupid he used to be, he had to and he wanted to. They go to BDSM clubs sometimes, so of course he told him, just, just not this.
Castile presses his lips at that. There are a lot of things he can say to that, he settles on “Sometimes I keep playing our conversation in my mind and I just, I know he can’t take a good word about himself, but” he sighs
, in his thighs and suddenly Dean can’t draw a single breath and he knows he is red as a tomato.  Yeah, today is a shitty day.
“Amara brought you back?” Dean asks voice rough and cold, with a dangerous promise under it, there is a sharpness on his features that makes him appear as if he is made from steel.
They order and they don't say anything until their food arrives. Maybe Dean should feel weird about all those silences with Cas, but they feel natural and comfortable. And maybe he should be scared about them, the silences between them, but its another thing he doesn't want to know what it means for now, or possible ever if he can help it.
“He was choking on his-” she sobs and Dean heart clenches, the walls closing in on him and he has to close his a eyes for a moment. “It’s my job you know? To save people. I couldn’t do that.”
He reaches and removes Cas slacks and then he looks up at him, before removing his boxers as well. And it might be that it is Cas, but Dean never wanted to taste someone as much as he does now. He swallows, feeling his tongue heavy in his mouth and Cas makes a sound at the back of his throat, that has Dean look up at him. Cas deeps his head and kisses him, before moving lower kissing his way down, on his chest, his stomach, before he settles just above his boxers. He pulls them down just for the head to show and stops, moving between licking the head and kissing Deans’ belly, before Dean starts to groan and a breathless
The man opens his mouth like he is about to start apologising again but Cas interrupts him, with a tone that it’s both soft and commanding and it makes Dean feel warm and blush harder. “Really everything is fine. You should call someone to take you home, and just relax. Ok?”
“It’s ok,” she tells him voice soft, his eyes meet hers and he gives a slight nod. “I get it. I have lost family too.”
He knows she is right in her way of thinking, still she doesn't know everything, so he says, “That's not all I did”
“Yes” he responds abruptly staring up at Dean. He sighs, closing his eyes. “There are a lot going on”
He gets a text from Hannah saying that the envelope was left in the reception, by a woman they haven’t identified and an officer brought it up. He sighs, his mood dropping and Dean looks at him carefully, like he is trying not to upset him as well as figure out what happened, but he doesn't ask or make a comment and Castiel is grateful for that. He guesses that Dean knows the general subject of the message and Castiel tries not to think about what he does at nights. Usually he is good at avoiding those thoughts, but having him sitting in front him, a breath away, makes it hard.
The night before his first day he contemplated getting drunk to ease his nerves and forget for a few hours, but Sams’ excited face when Dean enrolled coming to mind had him stop and go back inside their apartment and try fruitlessly to sleep.
“Yes, but look at him. I would totally change teams for him, if I looked at him long enough” she says with a smirk and glancing back to Novak.
They manage to take Deans’ jeans off and he moves his hand and removes his socks quickly throwing them away. Cas pushes him on his back and rubs his cock through his boxer briefs making him throw his head back and moan, trembling. When he opens his eyes, is to Cas looking down at him like he can’t believe what he is seeing, like he wants to devour Dean. It makes his heart beat in his chest impossible fast.
Castiel takes a breath. “Ok, I guess. I mean, I feel better. I am doing better. But sometimes… certain situations just bring back bad memories”
It’s not like they are friends, Dean doesn't do friends. Especially with people like Cas. He doesn't know what they are and he doubts Cas knows either, so he goes with the flow. He knows it will bite him in the ass but he doesn’t care or he is that stupid. And he is more stupid since he feels a little alone now that he hasn't seen him in a week.
He gets out of bed slowly, he doesn't want to wake Dean and tries to find his clothes with the little light that comes in through the blinds. He finally finds his boxers and wrinkles his nose. There is no way he’s going to wear them.
He survives it in the end, thinks it could be worse, not that he can avoid Claire forever, he doesn’t want to anyways.
“Good, because we arrived with his and you know how he gets” She says shaking her head and smiling. Castiel just huffs a laugh and gets into the car.
She is short with blonde hair and she is saying something about a school project when she stops at the sight of him. She freezes but just as quickly she shakes out of it and stares him up and down and he knows he looks like an idiot. A deer caught in headlights. Then she is turning her head to Castiel who is walking around her. She opens her mouth ready to say something and Dean’s heart is ready to jump out of his chest.
The office is exactly as he remembers it, with two bookshelves behind the desk filled with files, all the same pale blue colour, which he finds a little unsettling, divided by the painting, that after googling it because it is impressive, of the fall of the damned by Rubens. And like the last time he was here, his leg is tapping on the carpet and he cannot make it stop. The only difference is the smell of ginger and something else he can’t quite place, in the air.
Dean sighs, wets his dry lips, pushing his cereal around with his spoon. “It wasn’t about that. It was- I was-” another sigh, followed by him closing his eyes for a moment, “I was being like my dad.”
“You know we had Hendrickson undercover on one of the drug cartels that were believed to be under Milton’s command” when he nods, she continues. “Well, he found out that Alistair, the guy working for Asmodeus, is meeting with him. Milton. For a shipment. This Sunday” She is taking deep breaths and has gotten up from her chair pacing. “I mean, can you believe it?”
Jesus Dean needs to get grip or perhaps have sex. Yes, that’s what this is. That's why he is thinking and acting like this, it’s the whole lack of sex.
He smiles tiredly at Lily when he sees her, leaving the book on the counter and frowns, thinking if he should borrow it or not.
Bobby nods, “Ok. But I don't need to tell you that he needs to at some point” before Dean can open his mouth, “Yes, yes at your own time, idjit. Now eat your sandwich, breaks are half an hour not one”
It’s a thing they do, he asks Dean that question every time with the same tone and he replies the same way, with the same tone. It feels familiar in a way that makes Deans’ skin crawl.
He thinks about how Dean takes all rational thoughts out of his brain sometimes, like now, and how he doesn't mind. Maybe that should alarm him, because Castiel never did anything without a plan, without a reason and with Dean everything is about moments and bits and whatever happens and he basks into it, despite his hesitation and qualm.
They were at the library, when Dean had said something about Sam and law school and they talked about the D.A., when Cas mentioned him. Dean had never saw him look like that, so sad and
“Good morning Dean” he tells him, steady, in a rumble. It makes Dean’s toes curl, he closes his eyes for a moment, trying to orient himself.
He had noticed Dean staring, but his smile didn't waver. He had looked back at Dean with a flash of something in his eyes and gave him a half nod. Not like the ones Dean got at the diners late at night. It made him blush faintly, in his utter embarrassment.
“You shouldn't have done that” Dean says abruptly, picking up a piece of cookie and shoving it in his mouth.
Castiel wakes with a start eyes wide and panting. He didn't have a bad dream, at least he doesn't think so, but his heart is beating rapidly in his chest. He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, trying to control his breathing.
And he has seen the festival, he passes it every time he walks out of the motel. The lights, the carols, the people, it’s all there in a glistering red and gold bow. He is not going to set his foot in there.
Later, at night when Sam has fallen asleep in front of the TV, Bobby nods at him to come to the porch with him and walks out.
"I know." Bobby says and there is an arm around him and Dean chokes curling on himself, stilling. Then Bobby's other hand comes around him, cradles his head and brings him in a hug.
Yesterday, he found a photograph in the office while he was putting away the last books from the move (and ok it took him a year to fully move in the house, and there are still some stuff he hasn't put away, but who can blame him) and froze holding the frame. It's a decade old photo of them, still in Uni at some bar laughing, he couldn't remember at what, but he remembered the feeling. The happiness, fulfilment and a sarge of something in his veins that he had never felt before which made him feel like he could do anything or be anything.
“I’m glad to be back.” Cas says slowly, as if he doesn’t trust the words, he means them he just doesn’t understand the full context of the conversation they are having. That’s ok Dean tells himself, he gives Cas another smile and after a second Cas goes back to reading and Dean drinks the rest of his coffee and there is that.
He gets dressed and, in the process, Carmen wakes up and decides to stare at him from the edge of the bed that looks into the bathroom; her eyes are green he notes. He smiles at her and he gets a blink in response. He leaves the room and moves to go down stairs stopping at the first step.
“Apologies” he says with indifference and walks towards Dean, making him shift his eyes and start picking on the blanket.
Sure enough, Dean walks up at him with a scowl, but doesn't say anything, which is a first. Benny hands them their coffees and two cookies.
Cas asks if he would like to go see a movie with him on Wednesday and because Dean is a masochist (he snorts at that, making Benny look at him funny) he actually considers it. He tells him he can’t cause he is working late and can’t get out of it and spends the entire night grumpy, with Benny and now Jo sending concerned looks.
“You don't have insurance” Dean bites his tongue so he doesn't have to respond. He hears Cas sigh and turns to look at him. “It’s not a big deal, trust me”
Which is why he blurts out unabashed, with half formed thoughts that finish once his mouth stops moving, “When did I fall in love with Cas?”
“Don’t bullshit me kid”, Jo presses her lips together, her shoulders slumping. “Is that what you told her?” he continues nodding towards the back where Ellen is.
He stops outside the door and takes a deep breath, which bad idea, because it smells of cigarettes and mould and he thinks he should be used of it by now.
Eventually he picks himself up and takes a shower before crawling under the covers that smell like vanilla.
He puts on his trench coat and slings his bag on his shoulder, before opening the door. He stops at the threshold as he sees a man sitting on one of the chairs in front of Megs’ desk. He freezes for a couple of seconds, but soon composes himself and turns around to turn off the lights in his office and lock the door. Then he turns back around and walks towards him, only when he is a few feet away does Dean lift his head and looks at him. Castiel takes a step back instinctively.
Jack shakes his head negative, protest on his lips and Dean smiles, a real smile. “You need to call me out on my bullshit.”
“Sorry” his voice is scratchy, so he clears his throat and continues, “I’ll get out of your hair”. He closes the book and sits up straighter.
He feels particularly heavy today, like there is an extra weight on his shoulders that he can’t shake. He drinks the last of his coke and throws the can in a bin on the street. It is busy tonight, which isn’t surprising since it is Saturday, but still busier than usual. He is outside of the cinema looking around, it is pretty chilly tonight and he kind of enjoys that small sting in his skin. It makes him feel something other than dullness and resentment. He thinks about going to the bar next door for a beer, but thinks better of it, one would lead to ten. He sighs, tonight they are showing The Mummy, for the forth time. Dean knows every second of that movie, but it’s better than nothing or other movies that they had chosen to show in the past, like Mega Piranha. He shudders at that, probably the worst movie ever.
“How are you?” The question throws him off and he frowns at her titling his head. She has that tone, the one she used after Mick died, it makes something cold run down his spine.
“Growing up, we weren’t allowed to play outside. Or be outside in general, other than needing to go places. Mother thought it was improper for us, to be out playing or spent time, it was, as she used to say, pointless. There were more important things to do. Although Gabe often sneaked out and came back home dirty. I believe he did it more to anger her, than because he actually enjoyed it.” He places the bowl he had been cleaning at the drying rack and starts on the next one. “I wasn’t interested in arguing with mother nor did I want to prove a point, although I have discovered that I didn't, cause I was the good one and as such I had to do what I was told. Not that I wanted to play outside so much, I didn't miss it, at least I think I didn't, you can’t miss something you don't know. But I still sometimes liked to sit and observe. I like the sun, the feel of the sun” He laughs self-consciously and puts the second bowl next to the other one and turns around and looks at Dean, taking a towel to dry his hand and continues. “Mother, thought that it was a waste of time so she wouldn't let me, in fact because my desk looked out the window, she at first put blinds and then when that didn't work she had me study at her study at home with her”
And despite all his panic and the bells ringing in his head, Castiel smiles back at him. Dean looks a lot more relaxed and like something, even if it is very small, has cleared in his eyes. He is still tensed, but a little more at ease with Castiel.  And he finds himself relaxing as well, the panic settling at the back of his head.
“I, ugh,” Sam clears his throat, “I need to, uh, check something in the storage rooms I’ll be right back.”
He realizes his breaths are elaborated and he swallows soundly trying to make himself breathe normally, his hands clench and unclench around the fabric of his trousers and when that doesn’t help he digs his nails in his thighs. It does nothing but give him a distant sting.
“They do. I am the best history teacher they ever had” she says and then proceeds to tell them about some of her students.
“She called yesterday” he says neutrally, but his hands shake slightly and he can hear Anna take a sharp breath.
His shoulders drop and he feels calmer or more accurately numb. Then he feels sadness slowly fill his chest. All he can think about is green eyes and how scared and alone and bare he felt that night.
He wonders for a few seconds, that's how much he allows himself on that topic, if things were different, if
He sighs and his mind goes to Cas and he jerks in his seat, eyes opening. The guy next to him is giving him a funny look, but Dean doesn’t pay him attention, he doesn't pay attention to anything around him. He grips his knees and exhales through his nose, Cas is the last thing he wants to think about.
or- he doesn't know. He knows though, that Cas can sometimes get too absorbed into work and forget about things, but he never forgets about Dean. Also, Dean misses him, more than he is willing to admit.
“It’s the fact that you never let yourself be happy. And you always did that, it not just because of what happened with Mick.” She says giving him a sympathetic look.
And it should be awkward between them but it’s not. Ok, it is a little bit but neither acknowledges it. Cas doesn’t say anything and he doesn’t say anything to Cas. Well, Cas gives him these looks sometimes, like he knows what Dean is feeling and possibly more, but they are gone as quickly as they come.
He doesn't know if he will ask Dean, because he isn’t sure what he dreads more the question or the no that will follow. He just shakes his said and tells her he will think about it and they leave it to that.
The morgue is on the second floor along with the other labs. It is a very quiet floor in comparison to all the others in the building, maybe apart from the last, where the Chiefs office is. When he reaches the floor, he goes straight to Billie’s office.
He walks mechanically towards his car and can’t help but think that this isn’t a coincidence. Not that he believes in coincidences.
Her eyes soften and she smiles at him, “I know, you don't need to apologize. We understand, we just, we miss you.” Dean nods shifting in his seat a little uncomfortable, “Stop” she says sternly, then continues “Just promise that you will come on Saturday”
“I know this is not how you want to spend the day Castiel, but I want it to be perfect” Arthur says flashing him one of those smiles. I’m-an-asshole-I-know-better-than-anyone-smiles, as Hannah calls them.
What the hell is he supposed to do with it? What did Novak think? That he would what? Go see him? And do what? Well he knows what he wants to do, he knows what Novak means he wants to do, or at least he hopes is the same thing, but isn’t it some sort of law breaking? Dean could get expelled. Novak could lose his job. That makes him stop. That guy is willing to risk his fucking career so they-
He peels his clothes off slowly, feeling heavier by the minute. He tries to avoid the mirror but with each different layer shed he glances up and away, just enough to make out a blurry image of a person. He finally removes his boxers swallowing, becoming aware of the slight tremor of his hands and before he thinks about it he looks in the mirror again. A second for his face, just enough to make out tired eyes, bruises and dry lips, before he settles on his shoulder.
“Cas” he manages. “Please” it’s an almost whine. And he feels his eyes water, for the overstimulation. Cas lifts his head to look at him and makes a humming noise. Before moving his mouth to his right nipple, and with his hand he lazily starts stroking Deans’ dick, making Dean stutter out a breath and bite his lip. He is such an asshole.
“Nothing” Dean tells him and cringes at the way he says it. Fast and defensively. Bobby continues to look at him unimpressed, expectantly.
they had about him and help or whatever. After a while, he gets restless from sitting in that silence and reaches and turns on the radio, which of course is in a classical station. He huffs and hears Cas chuckles, before changing it until he finds something he likes.
When he is on the third finger and moving slowly, while kissing Dean all over, when the younger man finally snaps, huffing. And Castiel, the asshole chuckles, against his collarbone and Dean huffs again, more dramatic now.
He feels his muscles slowly relax, until he senses eyes on him and he seats up ungracefully and looks around, he can’t figure out who it is, everyone in front of him is either staring at a book or talking to their friends. Maybe it was just him being paranoid, he doesn't like the feeling though. Then he turns his head towards the left, and sees Novak seating at a table with a brown-haired woman he doesn't recognise, and his heartbeat picks up a notch, to his dismay. This is getting ridiculous. He is ridiculous.
“Did he now?” Dean’s eyes fly open, his nose flares slightly from the anger building in his head, and he takes a steadying breath to calm himself.
“Is it because of the story of the man that murdered a prostitute?” He asks trying to lighten the mood.
He turns the ignition off and just seats there, staring at the imposing house. He doesn't know how much time passes, but he knows it’s a lot. He receives a message from Sam and he replies he doesn't know when he’ll be back, going out and not to worry about it.
“So, we are not going to talk about it” and the problem is there is no heat in his voice, no accusation, just a voiced realisation.
She gives him another form, with a neutral smile, that edges to sardonic, and Dean places it on the desk, opening his bag.
He groans and turns laying on his back. There is something just there, under his skin and he knows that all he needs is a small thing to either explode or deflate. He just needs everything to stop for even just a minute.  Or maybe not cause in the quiet moments all he can think about is Cas. He makes a sound at the back of his throat and exhales shakily. He is an asshole, he always knew this, but now it feels like he is the biggest asshole in the whole world. Even if what he did was the right thing for both of them. Cas would have regretted it and it would end badly, and Dean couldn't have handled that. So it was for the best for everyone involved.
“Ok. Now why haven’t we come here sooner.” He says turning to look at all the delicious food, he is sure he looks like a kid on Christmas morning, but he can’t bring himself to care. The only thing that has been in his stomach this morning, is hospital food. “This place is awesome” he moves and eyes at the stuck of cookies and wonders if they make pie.
“We went to a hunt in Wyoming” Claire continues, “I called him just to ask how- he hadn’t called or texted in a while, so I-“ she swallows, sniffling “It was a ghoul, never met one of those before.”
“Can we please just…” Dean looks up at him, all anger gone and there is just a flicker of sorrow, before it is also gone and there is just something Castiel can’t recognise. “I’m- I don't want to talk about it”
“I-” Sam tries, bless him he tries. He shifts on the bed, rearranges the notes scattered all over the duvet.
“Cause I want to” he says and turns around hand on the handle. He knows he is being an ass, but he doesn't care.
He moves at the head of the bed and Tom follows gazing down at him hungrily. He kisses his neck and chest a for a while, because Dean will allow him that and thinks about something else, like when he has to pay the rent or not to forget to send Sam the money tomorrow or that he desperately needs new shoes. He grunts and moans when he has to and adjust his breathing just so.
Castiel examines him and his gaze lingers on his hands. Rough, battered not from work but from poor living conditions.
that Dean forgets what he was about to say. When they pull apart and Novak rests his forehead on Dean’s he repeats himself, “Incorrigible”
In the end as he walks out, his eyes catch Novaks’ for the hundredth time in the last two hours and he holds it for a few seconds. There is something he wants to say but he doesn't know what and Novak seems to be in the same fate. So, he just swallows thickly and makes the decision for both of them and takes a step back before turning around and leaving, ignoring the slight tremble in his hands that has been going since Novak started teaching today.
“Ah, the eternal struggle of all students” she says with a shrug. “It gets better. You will get better the more you do it” she adds encouragingly.
“Sorry, no. They are the first to go, but we have some amazing cheesecakes” he says motioning with his hand. Dean hums in disappointment and Cas clears his throat.
“Why is it a bad thing for Sam to come here for Christmas?” Right, trust Cas to get to the root of the problem. He has moved now, the only thing between them the island, but he doesn't sit down, just stands looking at Dean, with a slight frown, inquisitively.
Castiel turns to Dean decisively “What time does the movie start?” Gabriel makes a sound at that, but Dean ignores him.
“-I’m never going to forgive myself.” Jack swallows pouting and Dean knows he doesn’t get it. “We are not going to be like this forever. We are better than we were a week or two ago-” he stops when Jack purses his lips together, eyes darting to the side. “What?”
He leaves the bar in a better mood than when he entered it, but it falls when he goes to an empty apartment. He says hi to Oli who greets him enthusiastically and takes him to his evening walk. When they return, he takes a shower and checks his phone after when he is lying in bed Oli on his feet, for the hundredth time, he knows Cas’ wouldn't have send something, his talk started ten minutes ago. It stings and he is somewhat angry at Cas; he ponders for a minute before writing.
“Excuse me, sweetheart” he sends her an apologetic smile and she just shakes her head laughing softly, giving him a one shoulder shrug. He turns and finds Jo staring at him eyebrows raised, hands on her hips, her hair no longer on a neat ponytail but framing her face and he knows the moment Ellen sees her she is going to have a word with her about it.
“I know it’s intense, but it’s new so it will wear out eventually” he does roll his window down a bit though. Dean envies his easiness.
Now it is Deans’ turn to sigh, “Just worry about choosing five that you like” he emphases the last bit, “And I’ll worry about the rest, ok?”
. Deep down he knows that thought is a lie, still it makes him feel a little more comfortable, but at the same time, he feels like a liar.  Which he is, but when it comes to Cas, he finds himself unwilling to lie or it has a certain wrongness to it Dean can’t wrap his head around. He needs to get his head straight, realise that whatever this is, is temporary and it’s not good for him, however it makes him feel. Or however much Dean wants to kid himself.
The woman has long striking red hair and is wearing a cream dress that accentuates her figure. Dean smirks up at her.
“I don't know how to make either one of those nor do I want to” he says pressing his lips together and Dean knows he is fighting a smile. Not that it’s necessary on his part, Dean has come to realise that all of Cas smiles are in his eyes, and Dean has long stopped being ashamed in admitting that he likes every single one of them, even the sad ones. “You will have to choose between yogurt, granola bars and cereal”
“He was just worried and he sometimes tutors me, so he is not a complete stranger” he says, lie rolling off his tongue smoothly.
“Hey, you are going to get him. No one is that good, he will make a mistake” Dean assures him, cause really what can he say about a crazy person killing people?
It’s how he finds himself in bed with a guy named Matt on Monday. The sex is good, but after Dean feels hollow, like he did after some scenes in his early twenties, although then it was due to poor chooses, his self-destructiveness and a few other reasons. Yet, the hate for himself when he wakes up next morning is all too familiar, and he feels guilty like he cheated.
“I love him so much,” she says wobbly, softly and Dean glances down at his hands. “I never thought I-” she lets out a humorless chuckle, “Doesn’t matter now.”
“You were featured in ABA. Three times” Dean says and nods towards the bookcase, where the magazines are. Cas huffs and shifts.
He feels Castiel stopping himself from bulking his hips and he moves, sucking just the tip and teasing the slit with his tongue. He hears Castiel groan and he can’t help the smirk forming. He leaves open mouth kisses all the way down his length, until he reaches his balls and takes one into his mouth. His hand coming up to work his cock leisurely, making Castiel arch and moan, one hand moves to grip Dean’s hair tightly and it’s his turn to moan. He tries to drag it as much as possible but he only has enough self-control.
Dean raises is eyebrows at that and Cas chuckles, self-conscious. “They needed someone no one would recognise. We worked well together and I guess she saw a lot of potential and she needed people she could trust, she had just taken over the drug department. I worked with her for almost four years, when the detective for homicides resigned and I applied. And now I am here” he makes a gesture with his hand and looks at Dean with a smile, that is just in his eyes. Dean gives him a small tentative in return.
“Nothing, I just- I wanted to wish you good luck” Dean snorts at that and Castiel shots him a lost look.
A hand touches his cock and his vision darkens as he is worked over the edge, Cas soon following with a grunt and a broken
“I do, that’s why I’m asking you to say yes to Ash.” Dean closes his eyes and groans, spilling some of the sugar syrup he is holding on his hand. “She will only let me if you say yes. Please, I’ll owe you one” she adds doing the stupid puppy eyes and Dean can’t help but cave.
He almost tells Sam on Sunday night, when they are sitting in the living about to re-watch Iron man 3, but the movie starts and he doesn't say anything. The words have died in his mouth anyways and Sam has to worry about college applications, he doesn't need this.
“It could be anything.” Michael pushes his half empty mug away from him, to join the other two – Adam drank two hot chocolates before he gave up – “But she is only killing one of the two.”
He thinks about Bobby, a wound that has never healed and never will. He thinks how when he was twelve and Dad had dropped them there for two weeks he had taught Dean how to make pancakes. They were the best pancakes he had ever eaten, that Friday morning in late August, in a dusty kitchen with a grumpy man and Sammy.
He reaches and turns the radio on, turning the volume down so it is a low murmur in the background, and his eyes fall to that damn paper that hasn't left his mind since this afternoon.
Dean has done a lot of things, some bad, some good, some of which he regrets, some of which he doesn't, this though is not something he will ever do. He hates cheaters, he hates people who lead other people on, not that this is what is going on here, because he is pretty sure this is totally one-sided. He is just having coffee with Castiel, this cloudy Thursday morning two day before he gets married, because he can’t take it anymore with the wedding preparations and Kali is driving him insane (now he has name), and Gabriel is way more demanding than he ever thought and then muttered something about older brothers that Dean couldn't catch through the phone.
“What are you doing here?” Sam asks him trying to defuse the situation, while sending pleading glances at Dean.
“Yes” Sam says and glares, “but I don't need to see this” he nods at Dean’s lap, causing him to frown and look down.
Dean wakes up to the feeling of warmth and he frowns, his limbs heavy and tired. He becomes aware of the weight of the duvet that doesn’t smell like his own and then, of someone watching him, making goosebumps erupt in his skin. He opens his eyes taking him a moment to adjust to the light. He turns his head to the side to look at Castiel properly and lets out something between a breath and a sigh.
He rolls his eyes at her and moves a few feet down the bar where a guy is signaling for a refill and Dean nods, only taking him a moment to remember his order, before reaching for the gin bottle and the sugar syrup.
Dean takes a hesitant sip, and then another, feeling embarrassed with Castiel staring at him so intently and because he is not stupid he knows what this is, but he also doesn’t need this, yes he got a little emotional but he can handle it.
Castiel gives him a puzzled look, as if he is not registering his words, then his face clears “Yeah” he breaths into his neck “me too”
He presses he lips into a thin line. They are times like this where he wishes that Mick wasn't gone. That he still has somebody to turn to or simply just see when he goes home. He feels this overpowering need to talk to someone that understands, understands
He removes the trench coat and blazer from Castiel’s shoulder, kissing his jaw, fingers working around the tie. He gets destructed several times, by Castiel’s hands mapping his body, but he gets it off as well and then he unbuttons the shirt and dives in kissing his neck more freely and as far down as he can, enjoying the small sounds Castiel lets out.
“Then you should know you shouldn’t be nervous” She says moving closer and sitting on a chair in front of him.
He drums his fingers on the table and looks out the street. It unsettles something in him. He sees Cindy getting in a car and thinks how weird it all is. He feels like he is watching a movie. One of those that is neither good or bad, it is just a null set of pictures. He blinks a couple of times to clear his head. He hears someone clearing their throat on his left and he turns his head to look at them. His eyes momentarily widen. It is the guy from the police station and pizza place, that apparently own only one set of clothing. Or all his clothes are the same. He raises his eyes expectantly.
She asks him why he is here and he responds that he felt like it and that he has been thinking about it since March. Next she asks him what he wants to achieve with this. It takes him an eternity to answer, his mind blank and feels far away. In the end all he gets out is “I don't know”. She again doesn't seem to mind.
They eat slowly, in silence, which is a stark contrast to what they usually do. They are loud and laughing and eat fast, just so they have something in their stomachs. This though, this is something different, it has an ordinance in it that neither of them has earned with each other and Castiel soaks in it.  It’s comforting and empowering in a way, even if it’s only happening because of something sad. And Castiel can see all of those things in Deans’ eyes as well and that reassures him and makes him feel more at ease.
Castiels’ heart jumps and he all of a sudden feels something pressing on his chest, because Dean, he is-
“First. A Sort of Introduction” He responds, relaxing slightly and looking a little relieved. Like he was scared Castiel would judge him for his choice of book.
“It’s ok.” He says walking inside the kitchen and flashes him a smile “‘morning” and he can barely catch himself from continuing his sentence.
“Well, you invited me-” he doesn't finish, his words getting swollen by Novak, who takes Dean’s face in his hand and it’s big and warm and when his tongue finds its way into Dean’s mouth and their tongues touch, it’s familiar in a way it isn’t ought to be and exciting and so
They eat and talk about music and movies and books and all the stuff they usually talk about. And Dean is so high and light and confused at the end that doesn't even care about the stupid smile that has on his face as Cas drops him at the library in the afternoon.
“Yes, well, good job” Dean says sarcastically, “Don’t you think that will be on your record? That universities won’t see it?”
“I’ll be right back” Castiel tells him and he gets up and out of the room before, Dean can get a word in.
Her name is Jessica, she is really pretty and as Dean learns on the next ten minutes he has to wait, really friendly and chatty, and completely unphased by Deans anxiety infused, almost rude, short answers. She apologizes for the five extra minutes Dean has to wait and tells him that sometimes it happens, but he reassures her he doesn't mind. And he really doesn't, even if it raises his anxiety to the point he can’t feel anything. He gets it, people come here to resolve their problems sometimes it takes a little bit more time than fifty minutes once a week or however often they come here.
It’s on those days where he will buy coffee from the coffee shop, eat a muffin and sit on a table by the window and watch the people on the street (Crowleys’ instructions - do something you enjoy).
“There was nothing to bury.” Dean interrupts her and watches as her eyes widen and his fill with tears he blinks away, he grips the counter and goes on. “I didn’t know he” he swallows the word, “too.”
“Five years ago, when it started and all we had was an overdose college student and another with fifty grams of cocaine under her bed” he counters, though it is tempting, he finds he has a lot on his mind lately.
Novak makes a noise and Dean raises his eyes to look at him. He is still focused on the essay and Dean wants him to get it over with already.
“Well, we good always sacrifice a pig.” At Sam’s blank stare Michael shrugs, “Greek gods seemed to like that, I don’t believe that has changed.”
She raises her eyebrows, “Well, you are full of surprises, Winchester. I would swear you’d go for mythology.”
Once he is on the street walking towards the bar, to Baby, and the cold air hits him, he feels better, lighter, and has this overwhelming sense that if he walks enough in the cold, he will reach freedom. He doesn't. He just gets in Baby, starts the ignition and turns off the music that starts with it and drives to his apartment, with just the engine rumble and his thoughts.
Just as both of their movement start to become sloppier, jerkier, and Dean can feel he is so close, Dean lets out “Come in me, Cas, please come in me”
“You left an impression on Becky” at least when he says it, he sounds conversational, at least he hopes he does and hopes he doesn’t sound jealous. Not that he is jealous, just bugged, because of reasons.
Cas raises his eyebrows and Dean shrugs. “I get hungry easily” and Cas pushes him down the bed and Dean bonces slightly and removes his sweatpants, while Cas removes his shoes and socks and then Dean reaches a hand and pulls him towards him.
He gets up and goes to the other side of the bed, as Dean drinks the orange juice, leaving the empty glass on the night stand. Castiel, turns off the main light, the room being illuminated only by the lamp on his side, it’s dim and cosy, makes something tingle inside Dean, who lays down and turn on his side to look at him. The other man is staring at the ceiling in concentration and Dean knows there are a thousand thoughts crossing his mind, it makes him want to ask him, but he doesn’t have the courage to, not tonight. Instead he moves his hand, stopping for just a second mid movement, before finding Castiel’s.
He sees Carmen laying on the end of the bed, who opens her green eyes and looks at him for a few seconds and goes back to sleep. He shakes his head with fondness at her and strips of his clothes. He stands wearing just his boxer briefs, contemplating whether to shower or not. In the end his exhaustion wins and decides to shower in the morning. He brushes his teeth on the joined bathroom and then wears his t shirt for sleep and goes to bed. He registers Carmen moving, going under the covers and laying her head on his calf before sleep takes him.
And all Dean can do is nod. She sighs a little and leaves, closing the door behind her. And suddenly Dean is alone with the music and the magazines and condoms and he feels panicked and calm at the same time. And he is not even sure that's possible.
"You were scared," Dean corrects, a flicker of anger igniting in his chest. "You were scared of what I'd say,"
“You shouldn’t say things lightly.” Then after a small pause. “Or make deals that are going to hurt the people you claim to love.”
“Yeah, it’s a beautiful language. At least it sounds beautiful” he grins ironically at her and adds a shrug when she turns her eyes on him.
“Say hi for me to your boy. See you later. I have a drug dealer to track.” she turns and leaves, waving and if it were a different situation, Castiel might have laughed at the way she did it, so theatrically.
“I don't know” he starts and it feels harder than it should, “Lessons are ok, literature is somewhat more interesting”, he shrugs again, looking at Jo who is giving him a concerned look. “What?” he asks her again.
He sighs softly and follows him. He stands at the threshold and takes everything in. The kitchen is large and open and grey and Dean loves it. He knows Cas doesn't cook, or he does, he just hates it and he can’t help but think it's a shame with a kitchen like that. His eyes land on Cas, who is watching him and he feels a part of his previous thoughts and weight leave him, even if Cas’ eyes seem to bore into him. He is used to it by now.
When it’s over and they are laying in bed, both with a book in their hands. Dean turns and looks at Cas, who is absorbed in what he is reading and a warmth fills his chest that spreads all over his body slowly.
He bolts up so fast his vision blackens. His breath comes out fast and loud and it's all he can hear for a while.
Cas turns on his side, in response, making himself the big spoon, but he doesn’t come closer, so they don’t touch. The warmth from his body closer to Dean’s, welcoming and Dean has to stop himself mid movement from leaning his back against him.
“Just make sure you watch your diet. You need to eat. Full meals, vegetables and fruits as well. I understand that you may be… busy” Dean barely catches himself from rolling his eyes at her “and neglecting your diet, maybe skipping a meal or two, for months, but it can’t go on. Malnutrition is dangerous, ok? I will give you a meal plan before you leave, follow it”
Jack’s eyes well up and Dean sighs. “Here’s the thing, I’m not going to forgive myself for what happened before, but that doesn’t mean that we are not good or going to be good- better.” Dean will be damned if they aren’t.
Warnings: talk of noncon/ talk of edgeplay (for those who don't know, it is the term for sexual behaviours more dangerous than other BDSM practices, bloodplay – mentioned here – is one of those)/ knife play/ bad BDSM practices
The rest of the drive passes in a familiar comfortable silence and Dean basks in it. He is relaxed and has a barely there smile, he feels content and full, with a sense of security, something he always feels next to Cas. It’s like letting the sun shine in your face after a period of clouds and he is being oversentimental, but fuck it, his emotions are all over the place lately he can enjoy a moment of peace. Cas is next to him tapping his fingers on the steering wheel lazily, absentmindedly, half listening to the song at the radio and Dean has to consciously look away after every few seconds. It’s pleasant, everything blur together and before long they turn down a street Dean doesn't recognise, no surprise there, and the car slows down, until they reach the front of a house. It’s a nice, standard suburban american house, big and white, with a fucking
Novak releases a small laugh and Dean mirrors him. And now, they are standing in a hallway, grinning at each other like morons. Something swells in Dean’s chest and he has the overwhelming urge to kiss him, so he does just that. The other man, lets a surprised breath between them, but then responds, hesitantly, like Dean in his office. It lasts not more than five seconds, and when Novak pulls back, Dean has to swallow a sound. There is an overwhelming feeling rising in his chest, that threatens to stop his breathing and he tries to suppress it. But he needs to touch and taste and just-
“We lost you” He gestures behind him and Dean can see the others standing by the bar’s door staring at them. He moves his weight between his feet self-consciously. “You coming or…”
“He is in the system” She says as if reading his mind. He gets up and follows her out of the room. The image of the man, is on the screen.
Something shifts in the other man’s eyes and he starts moving fast, and it feels like he wants to reduce Dean into the basis of his desires, just so he can take him all. And Dean just gives into it, because he wants to take too, have this man in the most instinctual, basic way.
“You could read some of their poems if you wanted” he says, almost tentatively, “To better understand it” And then licks his lips and now Dean is the one to look.
“I, uh, no I’m… I’m good” the mans’ frown deepens and looks at him like he thinks Dean is bullshitting him, but doesn't say anything else.
Dean glances at Castiel finding him already looking at him. He tries to think of something to say, but he comes up empty and it’s about to get so awkward Dean thinks they might suffocate.
God, he is tired and last night didn’t help and he really needs to stop thinking about that. He sits up on the couch and his eyes fall on the TV playing a movie, he rolls his eyes, of course The Shinning, trust Sam to pick a movie. Not that Dean doesn’t like it, but he needs something lighter today.
He doesn't talk much, in fact, it’s Billie that does most of the talking. Which baffles Dean, because he is certain he is the one who is supposed to do the talking, but she doesn't seem to mind.
The Roadhouse has been a place of sanctuary for Dean, since he was little. Whenever they past with dad to see Bobby or dad would leave them to Bobby, he and Sam – and Bobby - would go to the Roadhouse. It’s the place he met Ellen and Jo, who became part of they’re family, the place he celebrated getting custody of Sam, the place he met Benny, the place he met Aron and inadvertently came out to his family, in a way only Dean good. It’s a place with a lot of tears, some sad, some happy and a lot of laughter. All in all, it’s a place of home for Dean and a place of reference for all the people he knows.
“No” Hannah responds turning the camera off. “Inias went downstairs to question the receptionists from last night”
.” All three of us, he doesn't say. “He would disappear for days, then weeks. Sometimes we would go to a motel, he would pay for some days, give me money in case he wasn't back by then and take off.” He swallows and takes a sip of the now lukewarm coffee.
He finds Sam studying in the living room and really he can’t understand why he isn’t studying in his room these days – there is a reason for the desk in there - but he doesn’t comment on it. He goes straight to the kitchen and starts putting the things away.
“I’m busy, so please just tell me why you called?” Gabriel makes a noise on the other end and responds with a more serious tone.
“Sure.” Castiel says and Dean thinks he looks a bit panicked, but he might be projecting. “I will meet you at the coffee shop”
The more time passes the more relaxed Dean becomes and that calms Castiel as well. He thinks that out of all the things he enjoys with Dean, sitting is silence is one of his favourites. It is almost as enjoyable as when Dean talks about stuff he is passionate about.
And to no none’s surprise they get nothing, so they are back on square one, just now buried in books.
” he says the last word with such aversion, that makes Castiel think that Dean isn’t used to people caring about him and something inside him cracks.
It takes a moment for Cas to understand the question and he looks at Dean at loss, repeating, “What about Kali?”
It is like someone has hit Dean in the face with a baseball bat and he is falling backwards waiting to hit the ground and the pain to take over, except it never happens. He goes blank at the words, staring at him remembering how Chuck killed him in the lake.
Right. He swallows. The irrationality of universe. He finally answers in a gruff voice, after seconds of them staring at each other, “Is it that both Meursaults’ thoughts and the world he lives have no rational order” he doesn't voice it as a question though, and Novak keeps looking at him, in expectation, he doesn't know, he does feel charge though and he adds in a rush, “Society does though. Try to rationalise his actions, like killing the Arab”
Finally, Novak moves behind his desk and opens the power point, he reads something on his laptop, until a voice, that Dean recognises it belongs to Lisa interrupts him,
“Hello Dean” Castiel says, taking his cup from the tray and then the other one, that he directs towards Dean. He is looking at him softly, but the edges of his expression are too hard and Dean realizes Castiel is expecting him to tell him to leave. It would be the logical thing to do. They don’t drink coffee together at coffee shops.
He opens it and sees the number of messages from Gabriel, rolls his eyes and puts the phone in his pocket. He moves to the door, but stops.
A weight is lifted off of his chest as those words become realisation. He closes his eyes and swallows, gripping the doorknob tightly. He feels that if he lets it go, he will collapse.
He crosses the street and heads to the station. He walks in and heads to the counter. A woman with short hair in a police uniform is there talking to another polish officer. Dean stops in front of them and clears his throat. They turn to look at him and he offers them a smile.
It’s her turn to shift in her seat, her cheeks turning red. Dean raises his eyebrows and she huffs crossing her arms, “Fine, I- you remember Gilda?”
Cas emails him on Friday afternoon about the contract, saying it is alright and he should proceed with everything, at which Dean shoots him a text saying he should be resting the night before the big day, earning a rolling eyed emoji and tries to ignore the tightness in his chest.
“No. No you don't get to do this” he says and jams a finger at him, taking a step towards him “You- What about Kali?”
“Maybe he needed an out” Crowley says softer than Castiel has heard him in some time. He finds he doesn't have something to say about that, he thought about it, that might not have wanted to stay but only flittingly, it hurt too much. So, he stays silent and after a moment he speaks. “Doesn’t mean he didn't want to stay. Just that he felt he couldn't”
“How does pizza sound?” he asks, already preheating the oven and taking the two pizzas he bought from the store out of the box and into the oven trays.
“Every Friday afternoon” he continues, pushing through the pressure on his chest “I was never going to the library or study group. Just therapy, with Billie. That’s her name”. His palms are sweaty so, he wipes them on his sweatpants, worrying his lip between his teeth.
“Is there anything else?” Novak asks, voice deeper if that’s even possible and Dean swallows thickly, something trembling in his chest and to his utter embarrassment he feels heat rising to his cheeks.
Neither one goes first, they meet in the middle. They kiss, they touch and they love with fingers that leave a burning in their awake. Dean wants him to walk a path that he isn’t exactly aware of, doesn’t know what it is but he wants Cas to walk it. Take him. Find him. And Cas for his part stumbles through it, trying everything at once and Dean could tell him to stop, slow down they have time, but he can’t because if he tips himself just right he’ll be the same way.
They sit at a table at the far corner and Dean is stammering down a voice in his head, that almost makes him lose his balance and sounds suspiciously like Sam, telling him that this feels like a date. Which is not, because he absolutely doesn't want it to be.
“It’s fine Dean-o” he says simply, sizing him up. Dean nods and moves towards the door, when he reaches it Gabriel speaks again.
“He is working on a case” Dean cuts her off and raises his eyes to look at her. It takes her a moment to understand and her eyes widen looking up at Castiel.
He doesn't let his thoughts get any further again and starts descending the stairs, Carmen in front of him. He looks at her moving down and then towards the kitchen, he is basically following her, but he finds it soothing watching her. She is white, save from a spot on her side that is ginger and the ginger-brown tail that its high in the air, the tip moving idly as she walks. When she reaches the entrance of the kitchen she stops and stretches before continuing her walk behind the middle island, where Dean can’t see her from where he is standing at the door.
Dean never had that, but if there is a one thing he is good at, is pretending. Growing up he had always been the odd one out, the kid that moved around a lot, with different tastes, and the smart kid brother. He told himself it didn't bother him, that Sam was smart, smarter than him, and he was, is amazing, so it was only natural that others would point it out. That it was ok, if the kids and occasional teachers would just side-line him. He was just Dean. And he came last. Until he realised, albeit a little unconsciously, that if you side-line yourself, if you make yourself the ‘out’ then people would notice you, even for a brief moment, they would. And that they wouldn't have high expectations of you. It didn't matter if you fulfilled them or not. And so, it went, until it reached a point where it didn't hurt as much and then hurt turned into a numbness. Or so Dean thought, as far as no none touched him.
Cas moans into it and Dean shudders. He is finally able to remove the stupid, still cold from outside, coat and Cas is left with just his white shirt underneath. Suddenly, something comes over Dean, something he can’t name, but he has this need to touch. He starts, at his shoulders going down at his arms, that are around him and when he reaches Cas hands, he squeezes. Then runs his hands back up, and over his back and then down his chest-
On those days he goes to the living room, Carmen in tow and lays on the old couch, that everyone hates, he himself included at times, but doesn't seem to throw away and get a new one. He puts on some music and just lays there listening until morning. He thinks about his life, about Mick and how he used to joke that Castiel was emotionally attached to the couch he got on bargain when he was in college and the only way that the couch would leave from their lives would be if the apartment caught fire. He remembers the good and the bad days and sometimes he starts crying silently and then laugh at the same time for how things turned out and how he wished they had.
“You know that’s not what I meant” he knows “I just think that someone is making an impact on you lately”
Oli makes a distressed soft sound and now Dean cries again, “Go, I’ll be fine. Go,” he pushes him again and Oli leaves the bedroom eventually. He can hear Eileen say something to him and after a moment she puts the alarm back and locks the door.
Castiel nods towards the right one. Dean pushes up and fumbles around the drawer until he finds the bottle of lube and turns back at Castiel. He reaches for the bottle of lube but Dean shakes his head, opening it, squeezing a good amount on his fingers and positions himself so he is comfortable enough to finger himself open and Castiel is able to watch.
There are quiet for a while, her looking the other way and him staring out the window at the cypress trees.
Most of the time the ache inside him is hot, running through him steadily, burning but with an odd comfort in its wake. A reminder that he is still alive, engulfed in that throbbing warmth. Sometimes though, it turns cold, sharp and perpetually imminent. A corrosive kind of ache that eats his insides and he feels it spreading like a disease.
“I’m sorry” he repeats while Dean bends down to put his shoes on and Dean huffs a laugh, that is ringing in his ears and he doesn’t want to think what it sounds like to Castiel.
He hears Cas chuckle and he scowls. Then Cas shifts so they touch, his hand coming around to hug Dean, who lets out a barely audible content sigh, leaning his weight against Cas.
Sam gives him a look full of pride and with such love that Dean has to look away, then in an instant he feels his arms around him.
He thinks that this is just for three years; he keeps the end goal at the front of his mind, it’s so he can get the garage. He thinks of Bobby and Sam, and realises, that interesting or not he is doing this.
“There is more as well” Lisa tells him, as if he doesn’t know, “Like, “My entire body hurts from desire. I am thinking that can I hold you naked against me and everything is lost, wherever I am and whatever I am doing”
“Morning” he grumbles back and Castiel lets out an amused huff. Dean groans at the sound and turns his body fully so he is laying on his back.
“I don’t need you to help me”. He sounds petulant even to his ears, but right now it doesn’t matter.
They both fall silent. Cas takes a step forward and Dean really wants to shove him out of the apartment or towards his bed he doesn't know. It’s almost too much and then Cas chuckles softly making Dean scrunch his nose. He wants to tell him he is an asshole he decides; instead-
He nods his chin towards the file and she huffs amused. “Ok, yes. I do need you for something but first, I wanna know how you are”
“Nothing” he says defensively and when Novak continues to look at him expectantly and annoyed, he asks “What do I write about?”
, where he makes that sound. He draws back and blinks. Cas grabs him from the back of his neck and kisses him again, and maybe he is not the only one that likes their kissing.
He puts the money in his wallet and turns towards the bed. Tom smiles at him and he smiles back at him, slow and relaxed and fake.
Well trying to say the spell comes first. It’s harder than he thought, words are longer than he expected and his tongue twists around them and they sit heavily in his mouth.
“What do they have in common?” Dean clicks his tongue grabbing the tablet. He scrolls through the articles and the police reports. There is a shift as Adam takes over, Dean doesn’t look over.
Still, after she has said her goodbye to Claire, she tries to tell him something but he shuts her down and she gives him a look that he is too tired to interpreter.
He kisses him again and Dean releases a sound in surprise, he pulls back slightly to try and get a word in, but Novak pushes forward and kisses him again. Dean reaches a hand behind Novak’s head and all he can think is, the guy’s hair are really soft; then Novak pulls back, and Dean is about to protest, but then the other man’s lips find his neck and he shudders, closing his eyes. And when his lips reach that spot, just below his left ear and he moans, Novak squeezes his side, and brings him closer to him, so they are flash against each other.
Afterwards when they are laying in bed and all the that Castiel can hear is Deans’ breaths, he thinks about the time he enjoyed sleeping alone and how now, though he rarely admits it, misses Deans’ presence. He also thinks that this is the first time they are sleeping together without having sex and that makes his heart beat a little faster in his chest. Everything seems natural, like they have been doing this for years, like this is what they have.
He looks up at Cas and moves forward resting his forehead in his shoulder and laughs. When he can talk again, he says “Cas?”
He doesn't turn around to look, though he wants to. Needs to make sure no one is there. He fumbles with the lock at the front door, hands trembling. He can’t get the key in and he almost loses it right there. But he can’t, he needs- he needs to get inside.
Dean watches as he gets up while muttering something that he can’t hear and walks out the door. He is dressed in black sweatpants and a t-shirt, which throws Dean off. He sits up straighter, sleep forgotten. He looks so simple and every day and so different than what he usually wears, and it’s not like Dean expected him to wear a suit in his house but dressed like that it’s as if Castiel lost about two meters of his height and Dean feels oddly out of place. He is still authoritative, because of course he is, it’s in the way he moves and talks, the clothes just add to the effect. This makes him realise where he is and most importantly with whom and his stomach flutters in nerves, his palm are getting sweaty and it’s like he is sixteen again and talking to Robin.
“I know what you mean, I was reluctant to read it at first as well, considering Musil never finished it”
Today is one of those days. He rolls in bed so he is on the other side, which is cold, and breaths in. He is having dinner, a mini party knowing mom, at their house in the evening and he is already dreading it.
“Dean” Cas says his name again, this time with a breathy laugh, and can the asshole shut up for a minute. “I don't know why you thought that-”
Castiel sighs and thinks about what Crowley said, he is right, he knows, it just feels so far away, so impossible.
They see each other again. And again. Castiel doesn't know how many times. He does, it’s four this past three weeks. And he doesn't care. He doesn't know what he is doing, or what is happening with Dean or what he wants it to be, but he doesn't care.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asks and moves to his room leaving the door open. He removes his shirt and jeans, throwing them in the laundry bin.
With that thought he puts a generous amount of body wash in his hands and starts on his legs, moves to his stomach, his chest, on his neck, his back. He goes up his right arm and then down, before moving to the left one, stopping just before he reaches
He looks helpless and so sincerely sorry, that it throws Dean a little off. Or it’s just his eyes, that they are suddenly so big and blue and Dean struggles to breath. But he just chuckles, trying to compose himself and shakes his head slightly.
“Shut up” he repeats and he can barely get the words out. “You don't- Do you even know what you are talking about? What? He’s going to come here and stay where? With me? You don't know where I live. He is certainly better of not knowing. And I’m, ‘m not anything, ok? Not some sort of a great person, or whatever you think I am. Don't make me sound like I’m, I’m
I'm so sorry this took so long. I had 2/3 written when I posted the previous chapter, but well, life happened and I didn't have the time (or energy) to finish it until this week. Hopefully the next one isn't going to take this long, I'll really try. Thank you for reading and patience :)
He walks in five minutes to, debating whether he should sit in the last row, but that would be pathetic and probably make thinks weird, because it’d mean that Dean is affected by this whole thing, which he is not. So, he sits in his usual seat and gets his stuff out and waits, drawing shapes in the margins of his notebook, like usual. Apart from his harsh lines and stiff hand.
He stops his movement, straightening in his seat and lets her kiss him. It’s not deep, just a movement of her lips against his that lasts only three seconds before she pulls back. Something shutters in him, the edges cutting painful inside him.
Dean raises his brows in surprise and takes in all of the man’s face. He is amused and teasing and so fucking hot, Dean can feel his stomach tighten. He doesn't ignore the comment on his vocabulary though.
“Good afternoon, I am sorry for being late, I had another class upstairs that took longer than I expected” the murmur stops and everyone’s attention is on him “I’m Castiel Novak and I will be teaching this course in place of Anna, you were supposed to get the email regarding this change, as well as the lecture hall change, but we had a problem in the literature department, that well doesn't interest you. I- yes” he stops and looks at a point in the rows behind Dean.
Castiel half hoped he would let that be, not that that was possible considering it’s Crowley and one would think that Castiel would have learned by now.
Deans’ apartment is small and crappy. The paint on the walls has been peeling off, making the ugly yellowish colour (which could have been white once upon a time, Dean thinks) give room for the plaster to show underneath, making it even more ugly. The bedroom just about fits a bed with a mattress that its’ springs dig into his back and creaks at every turn. The kitchen, which is the only room Dean spends more time in other than the bedroom, has a hardly alive kitchen stove that works whenever it wants to and a fridge form the 70’s, that sounds like a dying whale, accompanied with a table (that Dean fixed, because it was barely standing). As for the main room, it barely fits a two-seat sofa and thankfully it has a bit of a room in front of it, because that thing is so filthy that Dean sometimes shudders when he looks at it. So, he sits on the ground next to the old radio whenever he wants to.
“You stalking me or something?” he asks in a quiet voice, full of irritation. His posture stiffens. He is on guard, Castiel notes.
“What is it?” Hannah asks voice laced with concern. He motions for Inias to go and he just nods walking away. Castiel watches him for a moment, before his eyes turn to Hannah.
He drives to his apartment to get ready for his shift, his phone burning a hole in his jeans, because somehow, despite his best efforts, they ended up exchanging phone numbers.
“You want to get in the car?” he asks him abruptly, and when Sam turns around, he nods at the black SUV.
“Sam, apply to fucking Harvard and leave me alone” he says, because they have been having this conversation since August and he is starting to realise that Sam just needs someone to cheer him on, and not because he is entirely doubting himself.
“It’s just going to take some time. You yelled at me the other day about all that-” he sees Jack shrink away, “and you had every right to do that. I’m glad you did it.”
Dean turns back around stopping his tapping and looks at the red traffic light, lips pressing into a thin line.
Sam moves closer to him, hesitating for a second before his fingers touch Dean’s hand and the older man winces, but he doesn’t waver. He manages to pry his hand open and take the phone from him.
“No” he repeats louder and walks past him in the elevator that is opening on this floor and he gets in.
He leaves them next to the sink before taking a piss. He ponders if taking a quick shower is a good idea and he decides that it is. Cas did a good job at cleaning him up last night, the memory making his chest ache so he pushes it to the back of his mind, but still he needs to shower.
They are busy at work from Wednesday, which means that Dean has to stay at the garage more, which means less time to study for the literature test. He barely has the time to finish the essay -turns out he didn't completely fuck up the last one- for the class on Thursday, he submits it ten minutes before the deadline, hopes it’s not complete shit and ignores the part of his brain that worries for how Novak will think of him after reading it.
Not even Amara can. The conversation still at the forefront of his mind. He aches, a kind of ache that starts from the inside and spreads to his bones, to his muscles, to his skin, a weight on his chest that makes breathing difficult, an unrelenting pressure behind his eyes. An ache that makes his body a foreign burden.
He tilts his head up and watches himself in the ceiling mirror. He hears some rustling and Castiels’ voice who is speaking with Benjamin, the tailor, but he doesn't pay them any mind. He isn’t sure if he wants to look at him in his wedding suit. This alone startles him, how Castiel makes him feel, or that Dean feels like he has the right to feel this way, which is ridiculous because they only just met and –
On the days after, he closes himself in the house and reads. Reads so much he can't think anything, and dream words and nothing else.
. He swallows thickly at that and shifts a bit in his seat. There is an itch in his hands, his skin, that he can’t quite place and it’s bothering him. He feels confused and vulnerable and he wants- he swallows and tries to focus on Bob Dylan.
“I can see it. His grace. Holding your soul together.” Michael tells him when Sam has gone to the bathroom.
“If you could please let some people downtown know about the clinic. I know, I know not everybody would appreciate it but, we are trying to reach people and it’s not really that effective. But someone who is not a
Sam doesn't know what Dean does and it’s for the best. All he is aware of is that he works at a garage down town and it’s all he is ever going to know if Dean can help it. He doesn't need him worrying, or
“Oh. Right. The wedding cake.” he is getting married, to someone that probably looks like Anna. “Told you she’d be fine with it”
He sits on the bed heavily. Closes his eyes and breathes for a few seconds then opens them angrily when he hears a whisper of his name. He hates this.
That Friday while he is leaving, he stops to read the pin board that is next to the entrance, like he does every time. He finds it useful, it has a lot of interesting things, about events, talks or gigs and stuff like that. It is how he gets informed about most of the things he does, which are almost all the interesting free stuff. A blue leaflet catches his eye. It says “Clinic for all”. He raises his eyebrows and moves a little closer, touching the edge of the leaflet with his right hand.
They had to read the Stranger over the week and Dean has to admit he likes it more than he originally expected, to a point where he searched more of Camus work.
He nudges him with his foot, and Cas makes a sound. “I sometimes can’t breathe either” he tells him, and Cas gives him one of those small smiles, that Dean loves more than he can admit.
He doesn't look at anyone, just breaths heavily until he reaches the ground floor and then hurries to Baby. He seats inside, his blood rushing to his ears and all he can hear is his heart thumbing.
“Well Claire I would love to stay and chat with you about Rapunzel but I’ve got to go” he tells her, glancing at her shirt and turns to Castiel, opening the door “Goodbye”
Gets into baby and drives the three blocks to the motel in furry. When he gets in his room his hands shake from the anger. There is so much anger in him, white hot and alive, more alive than he has been in a long time. It presses at the front of his head, behind his eyes, it makes his nose burn. Fights to get out.
Talbot raises her eyebrow, looking surprised “French”. It’s not exactly a question but Dean feels the need to justify himself.
“I can add a poem in the syllabus, if you want that” he says, seemingly unaffected, the asshole, looking back at Lisa with small smile and a soft expression, but directing it to everyone in the room. Dean scowls, as people around him give affirmations.
“I will see you next week, Emily. And you don't need to worry about anything.” She says facing the girl and putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder. “Everything is going to be ok”
“Well, uh, see…. I, uh” He shakes his head and looks down. “There is no way beating around it” He takes a big breath and looks into her eyes. “I am a worker”
“Alright. Thank you, Dean,” he says flashing him a grateful smile, and really who gave the guy the right to look both cute and sexy at the same time. “And I hate to ask this, but you sure she is good because-”
“You are not funny” he grumbles half heartily, fighting a smile and settling deeper into the bed and Cas’ side.
Dean makes a noise, and Novak turns his head to look at him in the eyes, causing him to inhale sharply. God, Novak looks good all disheveled, half-lidded and lips red from kissing. He moves forward and gives him a chaste kiss and then another, until Novak is the one to make a protesting sound and deepens the kiss.
Dean holds his breath for a moment. “You sure?” he croaks, more than asks. “I don't- I don't want to keep you”
“Yes, we met last Friday,” Dean responds getting up from the chair because he started feeling awkward looking up to them.
He parks on the garage at his apartment complex and before he even has the time to pull the keys out of the ignition, Dean is out of the car and walking towards the elevator. Castiel knows, understands and he wishes he was a little better at words, not that they mean anything right now, but just so he has something to offer other than silence. He takes his bag and walks towards the elevator, where Dean is waiting for him. Hands inside his pockets’, balled into fists. And Castiel knows he is digging his nails in his palms and he wants to reach and pull them out and say “Stop, don't hurt yourself”.
His face must do something because Michael frowns at him straightening in his seat and Sam looks around worriedly. His whole body locks up and Dean has to blink away the blurriness in his eyes.
Anna gives him a big smile and walks to her car, parked a few spaces away. He gets in his and pulls out, waiting for Anna to go in front of him and follows her out of the parking lot and into the street.
He remembers when he felt eyes on him, something that he was used to, but not in that manner. When he had looked up and seen the man that was looking at him, he felt like the guy was seeing right through him, it made the hair at the back of his neck stand. He shook his head. And started to walk towards the bus station a few meters away from the station. He checks for the buses on the screen, he has to wait for eleven minutes for the next bus.
He bundles up in layers, even puts on a scarf, and Sam other than a funny look he doesn’t say anything.
“Um, black coffee and a sandwich…” he looks up at the black board that has the menu and yep it’s above his pay grade. “plain. Small coffee” He adds with a smile, which is a little forced.
“Oh, yeah let’s talk about Deans’ shitty life” he says sarcastically. “What do you want to know? How I ended up doing this? Or why?”
“If the way you apply yourself to your studies, is anything to go by, then yes I know” Castiel tells him assertively.
In some sick joke, or perhaps that’s where he was heading all along, he ends up in the field with the windmill.
“Alright then” she says and extends her hand for Dean to shake, who does so with a slight smirk. “It was nice meeting you Dean. Don't be a stranger. Castiel” she adds and walks towards the direction Castiel came.
She opens her bag and gets two papers out. Dean takes them from her before she has fully pulled them out.
The arms that curl around his body, the hands that map it. The low rumble that says his name. When he is in that space where dreams bleed into reality and he cannot tell it was a dream until he opens his eyes all the way, that is the worst.
Then, perhaps because Dean is staring for so long, the man looks towards him and after a second their eyes lock. It’s so silent and even if Dean can’t see them, he knows they are pale blue. Pale blue like the early morning sky. Pale blue. Promising. Cruel.
“Don't say it’s nothing” Cas says a little amusement in his voice. Dean sighs and runs his hand across his face.
“Hey, buddy.” The golden just rests the side of his head next to Deans’ thigh and Dean pets him. “We are going, don't worry”
“He doesn't mind?” he voice sounds weird in his ears, but he ignores it. He doesn't like this, he doesn't like letting others do things for him, especially when he can deal on his own or they are this big. And he doesn't even want to think about Cas’ dad. Not even a little bit.
The man nods, thanks him and apologises to Dean again and telling him to call if anything goes wrong, before leaving.
“Right” he touches the handle of the cup moving it somewhat, mindful of the hot liquid not to spill. “Thank you” his eyes move up just in time to catch the small smile on the other man’s lips.
He bites his tongue just enough to hold himself, so what he is thinking wont come out of his mouth and he turns around slowly.
“No.” He says so decisively, with a force that shakes something in Dean. It makes him feel small but not the good kind, like when Cas says his name just right, it’s the kind that makes him resent him a little, that makes him lose his nerve. He hasn’t felt this way since the first year they met.
“I-” he bites his lip and blinks at the tears. “ I love him.” His heart gets ripped out of his chest and shoved back, he hunches from the pain and his fingers twist so he claps his hands together and squeezes. One of his thumbs rubbing circles in his other hand in an unconscious movement.
He remembers dad dropping both of them off at Bobby's. He remembers he didn’t say anything for the next two days and Bobby didn’t push.
“It’s my favourite, out of the three” Castiel says smiling and feeling more relaxed himself. This was something he could talk about.
He needs to stop this, it’s not like he will see Dean again, or the possibilities of that are very slim to none.
And to his utter horror he can feel himself blush at the words. “Yeah, well it’s nothing”, he shrugs.
When they are done, he takes their bowls to the sink and starts washing them, while Dean looks at him while sipping his coffee. He watches as the light reflects on his hair through the window and has a thought that makes him feel like a sap, a foolish sap and he turns his eyes to the cup in his hands, when a thought occurs to him and looks back up at Cas.
“What? I can’t just drop by; see how you are?” she asks and turns the chair so she is completely facing the him.
Dean’s lips twist. He drops his fork on his plate and takes a sip from his freshly brewed coffee. It burns going down his throat and he loses his taste for a few seconds.
His hand twists in his side, he knows he shouldn't. He has hundreds of reasons as to why, but then he listens as Dean moves around in the apartment and closes his eyes tightly. Maybe just this once, its not like Dean
Five minutes later, of Sam moving around, he watches him sit on the armchair, with his own laptop and place his legs on the coffee table and Dean has a remark on the tip of his tongue, but instead he asks, “All good?”
His expression sobers when he says, “But dying and coming back, that has taking some time to adjust to.”
“I -” he looks up at Cas eyes, that are watery and Dean chokes back a sob. Cas never cries, or at least he has only cried twice before.
“Everything looks fine.” She gives him a smile and Dean knows exactly what she thinks and fine, he gets it he hasn't exactly been an easy patient but whatever. And of course everything is fine, because Dean is a dumpass, he wasn't actually-
“He used to work here” Novak provides pointedly. As if Dean hadn’t realised. There is a reason he is asking him of all people.
“Right” Dean nods, still trying to wrap his mind around this new information. This new information, that makes him feel so much more stupid and why does he always go for people who are so out of his league, not that he has gone for someone in the last two years, or that they have graduated fucking Yale, but still.
Castiel suddenly feels very alone. He touches the book that is open on the table and the paper feels harsh on his fingers. Gabriel and Crowley are right, he thinks bitterly, he really needs to meet more people.
He hears an obnoxious laugh on his right and turns to see where it comes from, or more specifically who it comes from. He spots a short, brown-haired guy that talks quite loudly to a red-haired woman, who seems amused by whatever his babbling about. He is accompanied by another red-haired woman and another guy that is tall, maybe a bit taller than Dean, who has a playful smile on his face and is holding her hand. Dean’s eyes widen momentarily when he sees on the guys other side and a little behind from the group, Castiel, who looks displeased and down right murderous. He thinks that if looks could kill, short guy would be lying dead in about a hundred different ways. A smile forms in his mouth and he tries to fight it in vain. They are walking towards Dean, presumably to the bar, judging by their attire, well everyone’s apart from Castiel’s, who is wearing what he wore all the other times Dean has seen him.
He picks it up tentatively. It is a guy that appears to be a little younger than Dean, with blonde hair and blue eyes, he is smiling at the camera. The smile reaches his eyes, there is a girl standing next to him, smiling just as wide as him.
“There is green tea, black tea, green tea with mint, lavender, black with bitter almond flavour, cinnamon-”
He looks away, at the top of the fridge where the whiskey bottles are, there is an itch under his skin that he doesn’t indulge to, even if it gets harder and harder by the second.
She huffs “I am just glad you said that and not something like last time” That makes Dean laugh. “You made the poor woman so embarrassed.”
She nods at that, “Just don't work yourself to the ground, cause by the last year you’d be dead. Trust me”
After a minute of silence, Dean gets up scraping his chair on the floor with an obnoxious sound, puts on the jacket he had thrown on the table earlier and exits the Bunker. Cas doesn’t look at him once.
Castiel moves to the fridge and takes out a food container that has lasagne from yesterday and places it into the microwave. He takes the plates from the cupboard and places them on the counter, without turning to look at Dean. He feels weird, like things are moving slower, like his movements are slow even though he knows they aren’t.
“I have been patient with you,” Cas tells him, and Dean moves his hand slowly finding Cas’s hip with the tip of his fingers and dragging it upwards towards his chest, as he speaks, “for a very long time.” His voice drops and Dean shudders nodding, his grin slipping from his face.
“Yes, but you didn't have to name the case Asmodeus, it reminds me of a bad name for an air freshener” he frowns a bit, shrugging.
After a few seconds or minutes, Dean can’t tell, the door opens again and a girl comes out looking a little troubled, followed by a woman wearing a doctor’s robe. Dean guesses she is Dr MacLeod.
with your thoughts. That way they won’t… scare you, and your writing will be natural and not stale. To the reader you appear detached from what you are trying to convey”
“Do you want me check it for you?” he interrupts, and Dean widens his eyes at the offer, considers it for a moment and asks.
Dean sighs, grimacing, yeah that essay didn't go well. He did better than the others he’d written, but not as good as he had thought and not as good as he had wanted, and he doesn't understand why; the notes on it were helpful only partially. The thought of going to see Novak about it, makes something in him come alive half in excitement, half in nerves, but he doesn't want to go see him. He doesn't think he can handle being in the same room as him alone without doing, or saying something stupid. He needs to though, if he wants to pass the exam in January; he curses himself for that, and Novak with his long, complicated papers he puts up, that took Dean twice the amount of time than usual to understand. He prefers Milton on that regard, her papers were easier to read, far fewer unknown words.
He swallows and licks his lips and after a moment longer he sits up. He spots their clothes from last night on the ground next to him and he has to close his eyes, to get everything under control, there is another set of clothing on the foot of the bed, but he isn’t going to use them. He gets up, hands shaking slightly picking up his clothes and goes to the bathroom.
He puts on his clothes and shoes in record time, takes Miracle’s ball and tug rope and motions for her to follow him.
“That's not the same thing” he responds calmly and notices as Deans’ lips twist just barely. He looks like he is about to say something, but Castiel looks in his eyes and says “You are beautiful”.
“Your pain is loud. Really loud.” He looks back at her eyes and she nods to her right and he glances there. “There is a siren on the other side of the room that has picked up on it. You are making them very angsty.”
When Dean calls almost two weeks later on a Friday, asking if he wants to get drinks with him, he knows he should say no, he doesn't do things like that twice with the same person. But then he remembers Deans’ smile and eyes and kisses and the way his skin feels underneath his fingertips and against his better judgement says yes.
She looks at him questioningly for a few seconds, until it clears and her green eyes momentarily widen. She quickly composes herself though.
“Good” Dean says shrugging, and Sam gives him this concerned look that despite the fact that Dean knows is from a good place, irritates him, “I’m good.”
“Sorry” and then realizes how stupid he is because “I already have her phone number” he lets a subconscious laugh and glances up and sees Sam giving him a look, that Dean dismisses. He needs to get a grip right the fuck now, because Sam doesn't need to know that his older brother gets flustered around hot guys, not that he is flustered but-
“One day, I was at the club without him, just getting a drink and I talked with Hannah. She was there like me just getting a drink. I had seen her before a few times.” He takes a shuddering breath trying to calm himself, stop his voice from wavering, “Had exchanged a few words, nothing much. At one point she mentioned how she never thought she’d be at a club again. I asked her what she meant and she said-, god Cas it was like me. Well she didn't give many details but it
Dean raises his eyebrows at him and Castiel huffs. “What? Best burger in Washington, DC and you are ordering it with a side salad?”
He takes a deep breath and walks to the parking lot where Baby is, trying to get a hold of himself. When he gets inside he closes his eyes, sighing and throwing his head back. He feels his heart thumbing, more steadily now, and he becomes more ware of himself. There is something curling in his stomach, desire, he knows, that makes his skin prickle and can feel all the way to his fingertips. He swallows and opens his eyes.
Castiel looks up at the ceiling huffing, Dean knows he doesn’t mean it and he bites the inside of his cheek so he doesn’t smile “And how are you?”
He is about to turn right and walk the usual thirty-minute walk to his apartment, when he remembers he’s out of milk and bread. He knows there is a store a couple of blocks from here, but it’s in the other direction and he will have to do a circle.
He remembers how they both cried when they saw each other. How he held her tight and for a long time. How, after she went to see her parents, she came to him and they sat in baby, until she told him he should get a house.
“She was a really bad date, set up by my brother” he says at last with exasperation and Dean knows him well enough to know there is more to this story, than just a bad date.
“Do you ever look at your life and think “how did I manage to make it to thirty two”?”, at Castiels’ frown he continues, “I kind of always thought I’d either end up as a mechanic or in ditch”
“I didn't- I wasn't allowed to do anything that I liked when I was a kid either” he grips the mug a little tighter and stares at Cas’ eyes and finds an understanding he hasn't found before; even though their upbringings are vastly different, there are things between them, things they both feel and have experienced, that are so similar even if the circumstances were different.
Sam finds out about the bar on Tuesday, and Dean has him promise not to tell a soul and he of course tells Eileen, who Skypes Dean the same night all excited. She picks up on his overall mood and tries to coax him into telling her, but Dean just signs
He doesn't know if he likes therapy or not. But he does like Billie, or likes that she gives him a certainty, for what he doesn't know.
He moves his head to look at the clock. It’s three past six. He gets up, waking Miracle in the process and heads to the bathroom to take a piss, then goes back straight to his room.
He moans and takes a breath, resting his forehead against Deans’, whose breath is stuck in his throat and after a moment starts to move; slow, then faster, until they are both moaning and panting and they are trying to touch every inch of each other and Dean is somewhere between taking breaths and babbling nonsense.
But then he hadn't done anything, certainly hadn't said anything after. Perhaps it was the way he talked in general, the way he moved, he knew people made comments about people like-
Great, just great. He clenches his teeth and exhales slowly. “Right, and you are sure I can’t go to-”
There is something else though, bothering him for the past week, something Billie picked up on and probed, but Dean shut her down. He is going to tell her, a part of him was ready to spill everything they same that cant seem to be able to stop talking about dad now that he started, but not now. Not when he is itching to drive to him, not when it feels so big, but fragile at the same time and Dean doesn’t know how to hold it without shuttering it. Not when he doesn’t have all the words. And perhaps he is overthinking it because, it is in fact just sex and nothing else, as it should be, however it feels different. Alive, as if something is growing inside him, as if he is in the threshold of something much bigger. Part of the problem, he muses, is that he is not sure is he doesn’t want to pass the threshold.
Dad takes another hunt, then another so they stay for another two weeks and Dean relaxes, he breathes a little easier, talks more.
“But,” Sam starts contemplatively, “wouldn’t it make more sense to kill them and not their husbands.”
“I-” he starts unfocused. He is drowning, worse than when Michael was forcing him underwater. “I need to go.”
He sighs content, then he remembers something and sits up, watching Cas face. He has his eyes closed a peaceful expression on his face, his features soft. Dean can’t help but place his hand on the side of his face lightly, drag his thumb against his lips, feel the vibrations as Cas hums in question, opening his eyes.
He swallows, eyes fixed on the keyboard, frozen. He can’t have been that bad, he has worked so hard, this was just a mishap, nothing else.
“Dad” they both turn towards the stairs as a girl with long blonde hair comes running down. “I-” she starts and then stops staring at Dean with big round eyes almost as blue as her fathers.
“Yeah ok they are pretty good, but still Ellens’ are better” They are not, Dean is pretty sure this is the best thing he ever tasted, but he isn’t going to admit it, not after his argument in the car. Castiel shakes his head at him, looking at Dean like he knows he is lying, the asshole, and starts eating.
Eileen texts him, that she will be there in about two minutes and Dean doesn't think he has loved or appreciated her more than in that second he reads her message.
“I mean, I know you turned me down twice, but you said-” his eyes are gleaming now, and he looks so frustrated “- you said that you were stressed with the bar. I understood. But then yesterday” he pauses taking another breath and adds almost accusingly “You kissed me back, and gave no indication that you didn't want me to kiss you”
Dean doesn’t know what makes him do it, it might be the silence or the soft look on Castiel’s face that makes his stomach flip and his chest ache or, that he is just a small petulant man, but he blurs
He crosses the street, which separates the library from the literature building and gets inside heading to the elevator. He has to wait for about half a second for it to reach the ground floor, something that makes him want to turn around and leave, but he stays put. He gets in, along with the other two people waiting with him and presses the button for the eleventh floor and waits.
“Hey,” she greets him with a smile and Miracle immediately runs to stand in front of her waiting for Jody to pet her before she enthusiastically licks all over her hand jumping a little, “Well hi, you must be Miracle! I’ve heard so much about you.” Then she adds pointedly, “from Sam”.
“No” he says softly. “It had too much stuff I wanted to leave behind at the time. But after a while I liked it. In fact, I started to love this place.” He sighs, shoulders dropping. “Anyways, Mick, he found a job at the DAs’ office and I realised I wanted to be involved. Just not as a lawyer. So, after some consideration, I applied at the academy, completed the training and I met Anna, when I was just an officer. She was working on a big case and I was recommended for an undercover investigation”
He presses his lips in a tight line and rips it open, feeling a weird satisfaction at the sound it makes.
Thankfully, it’s the first door he opens and breaths a sigh if relief. He feels a little relaxed now that he is in here alone. There is a reason why he doesn't stay the night, he doesn't know how to do this.
His heart is going to give out or he is going to vomit it. He is so dizzy, so full of emotion it makes his head throb and for a moment he can’t tell which way is up and down. When a horn is heard he finally has half the mind to pull on the side of the road.
He spends the night in a sell, not in the same one as Leah, thank god, but with some other men who where either high or drunk or pocket thieves. When an officer finally tells him, he can go, he gives him a winning smile and feels a little disappointed that it’s not officer Hanscum. He liked the vivacious but firm woman from last night. He gathers his stuff from the front desk and walks out. He wonders idly, about the man from last night and his rumbled clothes but put together expression and body language.
He doesn't know what to say to Dean and a voice in his head, that sounds like someone he doesn't want to think about right now, says “Nothing. Dean just wants to be around you”. Which is ridicules, Castiel isn’t someone who- He stops that train of thought and retrieves another set of cutlery from the drawer and places them on the table and looks at Dean, who is, again, already looking at him.
After a beat or two, he uncrosses them and leaves them hanging by his sides. Did he always have that much difficulty in where to put his arms?
“Bye” he shouts as he passes the living room, and hears Sam’s reply just before he closes the door and he mutters, “bitch” with a small smile.
She is expecting him to start asking questions, but Dean’s mind has forgotten how to do this since he saw her and he all he wants is to ask Sam if this is what he looks like, small and defeated and like he is aching everywhere, exactly how he feels.
He sighs and lays his head back down, closing his eyes. He reopens them after half a minute when he hears Castiel’s steps. He watches as he stands there looking down at Dean, with an unreadable expression, but he can see a hunger in his eyes.
After Billie, he is left numb, drained, a heaviness in his chest that makes it difficult to move. He drives home with a frown on his face, in a haze. He takes the elevator with Lisa (she has a son named Ben and is a yoga instructor that Deans has been flirting with since he and Sam moved in the building) he always talks to her but not today. He gives her a smile that hurts everywhere, so he turns to stare at his feet. Lisa gets off on the floor below his, she wishes him a good night and he mumbles his reply, cringing at himself, pretending he doesn’t notice her concerned face.
“hm” Dean hums, he desperately wants to play it off, even get up and give him an excuse about leaving, get him out of the difficult position. But he can’t, he doesn’t even want to leave. So he just stares at his hands on his lap.
“Hello.” He responds having composed himself. “What coffee would you like? I have filter or pods? I’ve got lungo or espresso, I don’t know what you like. I only have one kind of ground coffee though-”
“I am fine” he says softly, even though he has been saying that all night and almost all morning. Cas looks at him with such intensity that Dean feels it to his soul.
A few people chuckle, others are just too stunt to do anything else other than stare, Dean is one of those, but for entirely different reasons.
“His name was Alistair and I met him at Crowley’s, well then it was run by a guy named Azazel or something like that,” he starts voice small;
“Ok, I’ll ugh, I’ll email it to you” Dean says and Castiel nods opening his satchel and writing his email in a piece of paper.
“I didn't think this through, did I?” he sounds apologetic and lost and Dean takes pity in him. He exhales slowly through his nose, trying to fruitlessly calm himself.
“Ok” Castiel says in an equal tone, fighting a smile and loses when Dean gives him a small, almost shy one of his own.
” the word taste bitter in his mouth and he clenches his teeth before continuing. “People don't look at me and say wow that’s an admirable guy, no one thinks that”
“You know how I couldn't think it?” Castiel asks and he knows, she knows what he means. He takes another deep breath. “I can now. And it feels good and weird and freeing and sometimes I hate myself for it because… I was thinking about Dean and it felt good then. Everything feels good with Dean. But afterwards, when I got home, it was like, it came down to me, that I was- I don't know what. It was a feeling I can’t describe and then I felt guilty all over again.” He stops to take a breath and hopes that all that made sense. “It is tiring. One step, two steps back and I…”
He sighs and unlocks his door rather aggressively. He removes his trench coat and shoes, and leaves his bag there in the hall underneath the coat rack, and heads to the bedroom where he takes his blazer, tie and socks off as well. He moves to the bathroom and washes his hands and splashes cold water to his face. He runs his hands through his hair and avoids looking at the mirror.
So when he does come out of his room to an empty kitchen a relieved sigh escapes him. He makes coffee and drinks it there quietly, then makes another one and takes it with him to the library.
“You mean it’s been a while since you did something other than study and work and Sam” Dean glares at her, she is not wrong but still. She waves him off adding, “I know they are important but I hardly see you these days. Benny said you didn't want to go out last Friday or any other Friday”
He hands the test to the older man, who skims through it, recognition flashes in his eyes and tells him, “What you wrote about objective correlation was correct, I just wanted you to elaborate more, here” he tells him and looks to the side of his desk and Dean hears a drawer open. Novak takes a paper out passes it to Dean. “You could talk a bit more about Eliot, Keeley and Seferis. Explain more how the term came to be, other than that, your understanding of it is correct.”
“It was two months after mum died” he starts and his throat feels dry, “we were in a motel somewhere in Utah, I- it was a particularly bad one, smelled worse than the others and” he stops and swallows, he doesn't remember the smell anymore they have all blended together now, but he remembers that he thought that then “He had been teaching me how to use a gun for the last two months and I could finally use it on my own without help. He said he had some work with someone and he’d be back in two to three days” then he huffs a laugh that turns into an ugly grimace, “he was never could at keeping time or just didn't care. He was gone for six days, I was worried and I couldn't reach him and
Then like a switch has flipped and with a voice boarding hysteric he shouts, “take it away from me,” but he doesn’t relax his hold.
“Those the vics?” he asks indicating at the photos in front of Cas, who nods wordlessly. There is a lump in his throat as he reaches across the table and takes the photographs in his hands. He flickers through them and he stops at one, his eyes widening. It’s Paul or at least that's the name he gave people downtown. He was young, the same age as Sammy, maybe a year older and he was one of the very few people Dean actually liked. He had told Dean once that he was a student studying chemistry or something like that, he can’t remember now and it makes him feel like shit.
Michael for his part doesn’t react, he just pauses until the sound stops and continues, “He was holding you…
Dean rolls his eyes and says simply, hating himself for the sting it causes him, “You married Kali.”
He sees Dean shift in his seat, looking uncomfortable all of a sudden and that drives him out of his thoughts.
“Alright” Novak says and Dean doesn't turn to look at him, he just picks up his bag and slings it over his shoulder, “I’ll call him”
After a few minutes, or hours, when Cas’ eyes are fighting to stay open, and Dean throws him a smirk, earning a rather strong nudge on his calf, he rolls on his back, but makes sure that his legs are still touching Cas’, and turns the light off.
Before he overthinks it and loses his nerve, like with all the stupid shit he does, he gets out of Baby, walks up the steps to the black door and like last time he stops, but only for a second, just enough for a fleeting thought.
Dean shifts in his seat under the intensity of the words and the eyes. Part of him wants to scoff and roll his eyes, and another part wants to believe him, and then he almost snorts in laughter, here he is with a stranger who’s trying to reassure Dean that he can run a bar. He glances at him and finds him studying him, his head slightly titled and Dean can’t help but giving him a barely there smile and despite himself says.
“Just checking. So, it wasn't you that kicked him out of bed?” he asks amused, with a glint in his eyes and Castiel scowls at him.
“I know” she says and slumps back into the chair. “I just can’t believe I have something finally for the guy. More than that, I might actually get him”
He gets up taking his backpack with him, and closes the door with a soft click. She is sitting in her chair, going through some papers and Dean takes a seat in front of her desk.
“You fight as long as you can and as hard as you can” he says and shrugs, not that he plans to die, not any time soon. At least not until Sam finishes law school, he needs to help him.
At the voice he turns around and looks at Sam, his eyes wide, mouth open wrapped around an unfinished word. He looks a bit lost, unfocused, his grip on the phone tightening impossibly more.
He can see her relax and she nods, understanding. “Alright. But if you need anything, my couch is open and I bought a bottle of wine on Tuesday, you know that merlot you like”
Another thing that’s going to be added in his long list of things he needs to do, still if it helps him. “Alright” he breaths, still staring at blue.
When he exits Billie’s office that night, his cheeks are flushed and his whole body feels raw and heavy as he drags himself to Baby. He has a lot to think about, regarding himself and Sam and dad, and he doesn’t know how to fix half the things he needs to fix and it’s complicated but also it’s not. At least he knows what he needs to do until next Friday and he holds into that, and lets all the other jammed thoughts fade to the back of his mind. It’s a start, he tells himself and pushes through.
He goes in the elevator, smiling politely at the people already inside, and presses the button for the parking lot. When he reaches the floor, he gets out and heads for his car. He is about to get in when he hears Anna call his name. He looks up and sees her walking towards him, she stops on the other side of the car smiling softly at him.
His skin feels all wrong, clammy and buzzing and he has the urge to scratch it off, instead he gets up and goes to the bathroom. He takes his shirt and boxers off, avoiding looking in the mirror.
When he is just in his boxers, he tries to kiss Dean and but the younger man moves and tags at his boxer.
He removes his own boxers and Castiel rests his hand on his thigh right next to his cock and Dean can feel it throb and that’s unfair. He doesn't touch him, he just stares down at him; they stare at each other and before it gets to the point Dean can’t take it, because he feels naked and exposed in way that has nothing to do with having lost his clothes, and waiting in a way that is almost maddening with all that lust, Castiel gives him a kiss, soothing and comforting, in a you are not alone way.
“I’m-” he starts and then stops, trying to remember Sams’ words, but comes up empty. “I don't know, but I thought you were and in my defense half of our conversations were about yours or Gabriels’ marriage, and I don't- it seemed that way”
“That's not your real name” Novak says after a beat, squinting at him. He is looking at Dean like he is trying to read his soul. It kind of creeps him out.
He is staring at a woman holding a young boys hand as they cross the road, when he hears Cas’ voice but doesn't register his words.
When she is about to say something he continues, “I- My-” his voice flatters and he swallows. He watches as understanding comes to her and she softens.
“We both want the best for you and I am his friend, it’s natural for him to talk to me about what’s troubling him”
Neither one of them moves for a few seconds, they just stand there, like idiots staring at each other, with unreadable expressions.
There is a lull in conversation and Dean finds himself blurting, “I called the estate agency on Monday, we met yesterday, saw the place for the like the millionth time, I think Balthazar wants to kill me, put a deposit and he emailed me the contract yesterday and I read it four times since, but yeah” he finishes lamely gripping his cup a little too tightly.
“Dean, listen to me” Cas starts, taking a step towards Dean and now they are close, almost like yesterday, they just need one more step, and Dean stutters an exhale, “I didn't married Kali or anyone for that matter. Gabriel married her”
He is sitting inside Baby, humming along to Too Tough To Die. He is in a good mood; in fact, he is fucking thrilled. The papers making him the official owner of the bar sitting in the back seat of Baby and he can’t help but glancing at them every now and then; it's hard to believe, his heart is thumbing in his chest and he almost laughs out loud again today for the same reason.
The first thing he notices is that the lecture hall is bigger than Milton’s, and everyone is scattered around, also that Novak keeps the curtains open in comparison to her. Dean likes it better this way. He gets his stuff ready, as Novak rises from his seat at his desk where he is talking with a student and walks around it, to stand at the front while still listening to what the student is saying. He nods at something he says and tells him something before the student leaves the lecture hall and Novak turns to them.
He opens up a new word document, writes todays date and waits, for the lecture to start. The email he received on Tuesday, containing the course schedule for semester A, and the emails and offices of the module leader plus lecturer, Dr Anna Milton, and English Literature BA programme lead Dr C. J. Novak, like he would ever contact
“Do you understand?” It’s loud enough to touch the fury in his head, loud enough that the man behind her glances at him worriedly, but Dean ignores him.
When he is done he stays there for a moment, knowing that if he tries to get up he will fall back down.
He is the first to look away, his eyes falling at the offered coffee, he takes the mug into his hands. It warms them up.
“Do you want to come?” he asks looking straight into Dean’s eyes and oh god, somehow he knows. He knows that if he refuses him Dean will comply, he will just fall asleep like that, he knows that there is a thrill going through Dean at the thought. His eyes darken into an impossible blue and a sound leaves Dena’s parted lips, because he doesn’t know what he wants and he just needs him to-
