He had already completely missed the ride to the diner they were now pulling up to while in thought. It looked small and quaint, warm and homey. Mary and John were laughing again, clutching onto each other as they entered the restaurant. Really, Jimmy envied their relationship. He wanted someone, anyone, to laugh with like that. To completely lose yourself with someone else.
He glared at Cas when with the next roll he landed on Park Place and with the next, Boardwalk. Damn lucky bastard. And with that Castiel officially sealed the fate of the game. Of course he won and Dean was slightly peeved at the fact that he had lost but he was beyond happy with how ecstatic Cas was at his new status of house champion. He even got an extra piece of pie.
“Fine,” the tone was as sharp as a new blade, and it wounded him slightly. But nevertheless he led Cas to the Impala, making small talk the whole way. Well, one-sided small talk. It seemed that Castiel was too pissed about his blatant disregard for the many rejections, but he couldn’t stop himself from asking again and again.
“Hey Cas, what’s up?” Castiel ruffled his wet hair with a white towel, inhaling the smell of body wash that lingered on his skin. After a short pause, he pulled the towel across his skin and replied to Dean.
Though none of his brethren saw it that way. Angels don’t eat; don’t engage in the tangible excitement that came with experimenting with new and electrifying culinary combinations. Simplicity and complexity both having the ability to bring deliciousness, different but still the same. To angels eating was for lower beings, weak bodies having to constantly keep themselves from dying from starvation.
“I’m going to miss you,” he buried his face into his brother’s chest, trying his best to will away tears that were on the edge of spilling over. He had to be strong for Dean.
Jimmy sat and then slowly dropped down into the covers, staring at the ceiling covered in posters. He hadn’t really paid any attention to the wall coverings before…many of them had cars, and some with bands that he didn’t know but quite a few of them where of scantily clad, or naked women.  His face went beet red and Jimmy closed his eyes tightly, he felt really uneasy with the posters.
“So you got the job,” once again it was rhetorical but he knew Sam was just happy for him, wide smile and all. And once again Dean compared him to a puppy wagging his tail.
Jimmy quickly regretted this decision. The last thing he had wanted was to fail to get home before curfew but now that was the farthest thing from his mind. Dean was staring down at his legs, eyebrows knitted together tightly in the most worried sort of way. He couldn’t even blame Dean. Jimmy knew what the other saw there. All the bruises that covered the lower half of his body…all different colors and sizes. And the red rawness that stained his milky knees that could only ever truly mean one thing, unless one was to spend hours scrubbing the floor. But really who ever did that? It was too late to go back, he pulled off Dean’s shirt, more bruises coming into view with every inch. The large bite mark around his nipple and the hand shaped bruise that wrapped around the top of his arm was probably the worst of it. One from his mother, and the other from his uncle. He wouldn’t have been surprised at Dean if he were to throw up any second.
The door was pulled open and he gently pulled Cas in after him. Dean slides down in front of the door, blocking off the exit. It was so damn dark. He could barely see a heaving chest. The heavy intake of air coming from in front of him was troubling. Panic.
Dean moved his own piece to the proverbial jail cell, Sam giving him a little smirk and Dean responded by using Sammy’s own trademark bitch face against him. Dean liked to think he pulled it off pretty well.
“I met this guy,” Dean stated as he took a bite, not looking into his brother’s eyes, slightly afraid of what the other might think. Sam’s opinion of him meant everything to Dean.
Castiel scrabbled around to find the small remote that connected to his speakers. Once he’d found it he pressed the play button, the rich sound of a viola filling the room. ‘Tchaikovsky really was a master.’  Finally, opening up his essay so that he could try to get a bit of it finished.
“Sure,” he needed to stop sounding so excited at Dean offering him more time away from his house. Jimmy knew if the other knew what was happening Dean would realize how filthy he was. Dean was a good man and probably wouldn’t stop being his friend just because of his new found outlook on Jimmy but Jimmy was sure it would make Dean look at him differently, treat him differently. And if there was one thing Jimmy had it was his pride. If Dean was ever to treat him like a helpless child he was sure he would break. Jimmy would fall from the pedestal Dean had place him on and shatter. He knew Dean thought of him as special by the way he had so openly asked him out, despite knowing about the homophobia, and then forgave him and asked Jimmy to come to his house. There was something seriously wrong with the way Dean perceived him. At least that’s what Jimmy thought of the whole situation.
Dean looked back at Cas realizing he was still holding his hand, he helped him out of bed and down the stairs, help meaning Dean made sure Cas didn’t get lost by holding his hand the whole way.
Dean and Sam had been watching Jimmy play Kingdom Hearts again; both snickering at how into the whole experience he got. Jimmy had almost missed how Dean shied away from being physically close but still stayed within Jimmy’s personal space bubble. Though his was arguably bigger than most. Dean also would give him odd little glances, both looking angry and worried, the former not directed at Jimmy personally. He couldn’t even be mad with Dean, even if at one time he would have yelled at someone for the look. Though he was pretty sure it was only okay because it was Dean.
“I’m going to miss you too, Sammy,” Dean clung to him just as strong. He was never one for hugs but he was about to leave home for fifteen months. Screw this being a chick flick moment.
Dean was just about to answer his brother when his phone went off and his attention was focused on the device in his hands. “Good morning, Dean, how are you?” The sound of Sam moving around into the kitchenette barely registered, he only realized his brother was still in the room when he took Dean’s empty plate and placed them both in the sink.
Not knowing how this person had got his number he replied quickly with a “Sorry, I think you have the wrong number.” Placing his phone away, assuming that was the end of that, he went back to work serving the next college student in front of him. But Castiel’s phone went off again; he ignored it assuming he would also get a “Sorry” in reply.
“Hold up a second.” Dean moved to stand in front of the sink where Sam was silently waiting for him with dishtowel in hand. “I’m great, how did you sleep last night?” He set down the phone and then turned the hot water on full blast, rinsing the plate under the scalding water before scrubbing at it full force. Once he was pleased with the cleanliness of the dishware he passed the dripping plate over to Sam, where he then dried it off before placing it in the cupboard.
“Yes, Private Tran,” Dean stood in his formal wear looking around the room at all the letters both waiting to be picked up and waiting to be sent out. Dean had been worried that Sam wouldn’t have time to write now that he was at Stanford and he needed someone to talk to who wasn’t his father, even though he loved the man. So here he was.
Which reminded Jimmy, he was playing a video game. Dean had called it a button mashing game and now he knew why. There was a giant black figure on the screen; the island he had been on was now covered in sand. Jimmy wasn’t quite sure what was going on but he knew he had to defeat the dark mass.
“Suck it. Do you have a mirror in your pocket, because I can see myself in your pants. Been there, done that. Make sure to tell him it’s rather disappointing.”
“Dean, I am going to have to warn you, if you really want to be with him you can’t just change your mind, and it’s going to be hard work. It may take years for you to ever be with him. Truly he might never be ready for that. The best thing you can do is to be his friend. I don’t want you to get hurt but in this case…I really need you to be a man. Please Dean if you care about this person, think about this carefully before you do anything.” Dean looked at her, with hurt in his eyes and she couldn’t help but feel horrible about what she said. But Mary Winchester knew it was necessary. She kissed Dean’s forehead and he sighed.
They pulled apart and Dean boarded his plane. Throwing one last glance at the airport from his seat before trying his best to zone out what was about to be almost a sixteen-hour flight. God, he hated flying.
“But they are good people…” Jimmy knew then that was right were he pushed his mother too far. He couldn’t even blame her for what came next.
John and Dean were tossing around the ball and Sam ran out to join them. Jimmy sat on the back porch and watched them all run around, John was the first to notice his absence. “Come on,” he waved Jimmy over. The only problem was he didn’t know how to play, so he shook his head so that they may continue. Mr. Winchester tossed the ball to his sons and jogged over to where Jimmy was sitting.
Her eyebrows knitted together momentarily think over the name but no recognition came with the name, soon she was squinting angrily.  “There are no Winchesters in the church…”
‘If I had a nickel every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, then I’d have five cents.’ Jimmy was flattered, this was the first time he had ever had anyone call him beautiful, joking or not. Though he rather be called handsome he also knew these lines were geared towards women. Jimmy felt a weird pulling sensation.
Jimmy went through the rest of the day as per protocol, not talking to anyone and not noticing his surroundings at all. The only time he ever saw anything other than the work in front of his face was when someone got to close too him in the hallways. Jimmy hated how his body would begin to shake and tense up whenever any other living soul got within two feet of him. He just couldn’t trust anyone around his skin anymore, so he wore a trench coat at all times. He knew it didn’t help but it made him feel more secure in his surroundings.
“So you’re going to sign up for the pen pal program this year Corporal Winchester?” Private Tran was a nice kid, a bit too formal, but nice. Every year since he enlisted he volunteered to run the mailroom. Dean wasn’t sure why but to each his own. They talked often when Dean came to pick up his mail and the kid was good about making sure everyone had someone to talk to regularly.
‘Go to sleep, let me take the wheel,’ that voice talking to him two times in one day was always a bad sign. But like always it was easier for him to just give into it. That way at least he didn’t have to deal with what came next. What always came when that sweet enticing voice came, much huskier than his own. He let himself slip down, into the dark secluded corner of his mind that nothing was allowed to touch but himself. Where he kept his most private of thoughts along with his true feelings. He closed to his eyes and floated off.
“Ah, Castiel, the names John,” Mr. Winchester stood up, hand out ready and waiting. Dean passed off Jimmy’s hand to his father. John’s shake was firm but far less aggressive then Mrs. Winchester’s, Jimmy was pretty sure if he thought about it for longer that would mean something.
A small hands started pushing at his arm, “Honey, get up.” His mother’s voice might have sounded pleasant to the untrained ear but the Winchester men knew that under the honey sweet tone laid a hint of murder to anyone who didn’t comply with her wishes. Dean opened his eyes, automatically being assaulted with sunlight but forcing his eyes to stay wide.
Cas suddenly looked stricken with fear, like Dean had said monsters where real. His eyes were wide and his mouth hung open slightly.  “So we…um met yesterday?”
His brother perked up, body shooting up from the mountain of covers. “Pancakes?” Dean loved that wide-eyed look Sam got whenever real food was offered to him this early. It wasn’t often Dean found the time to make a hot breakfast. Normally a piece of toast and a bowl of cereal was all they had to eat ‘til lunch.
Dean went and retrieved a box from a cabinet in the living room, Sam following him like a puppy about to go out for a walk. It was endearing how much Sam looked up to his big brother. Maybe if he had done the same with Gabriel they would have also had that close of a relationship. Mary and John joined the boys at the table without question. Mary simply clapping her hands in excitement and John smiling fondly at her semi-childish act.
Kevin pulled a small bag from under the counter motioning for Dean to pull a letter out. He pulled out a plain envelope with neat handwriting and a P.O. Box address. This would do.
Mr. Winchester placed a strong hand on his shoulder, pushing him off of the edge of the porch. “I’ll teach you, son.” Jimmy knew that ‘son’ was a common thing for an adult man to call a younger man but this felt different. Like he was now being taken under the wing of John, being given someone to teach him all the things he had missed out on. Actually that’s what it felt like with Mary too.
Benny looked confused, “SOS?” The sadist in Dean couldn’t help but be excited to see the look on the rookies face when he tried his dinner.
Castiel’s head was pulled back to the point that it popped harshly which made him stop wondering about what it would be like to be a feline. Castiel felt the thrusting become uneven and hurried. His uncle was then moaning and releasing inside of him, still thrusting until he finally collapsed on his nephew, breath coming out ragged and hurried. He only took a few minutes to compose himself before getting up and leaving his room, but not before slapping Castiel’s ass leaving an angry red handprint. With a satisfied, “That was fun angel, we will have to do it again sometime,” and he is gone for the night. Metatron couldn’t even deal with what he had just done and scurried off like a rat, Castiel chuckled softly at the conclusion. He had always thought of himself as lucky in that respect, that his uncle always couldn’t deal with what he had done afterwards and ran off, or so it seemed. He needed to get up.
As time went on and Jimmy fell more and more in love with this missing piece of childhood his body went completely slack against the warm body beneath his. Jimmy would only remember his position whenever Dean wiggled slightly to get more comfortable. But he had no time to think about that…Snape was currently being a right bloody git. Jimmy had even learned a few new words. How educational.
Dean reached around and grabbed his chin so they could look at each other, Jimmy squirming under the gaze and closeness. “You poor thing…you’ve had a deprived childhood.” He then looked to his brother who seemed to have the same sadness in his eyes and said, “Sammy, we have to teach him about Disney too.”
He never had felt as proud of Dean as he did now. Feet tight together (despite his bowlegs), back straight, and stiffly saluting to his father. John returned the gesture before muttering, “at ease, private.” Then pulling his son into a crushing hug. Sam stood next to them watching this exchange with teary eyes before placing a hand on his dad’s shoulder and taking his place.
He flew into the kitchen, landing silently by the soup station. There was a man mopping the floor where something had just fallen, his body bent down as he reached the spots under the stove. Castiel watched him intently; the man’s soul was beautiful. Truly the most beautiful things he had ever seen. And then when he straightened back up, staring into Castiel’s eyes, not seeing him but somehow knowing there was someone else there.  Overwhelming beauty, soul and physical appearance, his father really had favored his man to give him so much. Castiel couldn’t help himself, his wings flickering into the human plane, reaching out for the human. In doing this one of the wings knocked a tub of heavy whipping cream into the French onion soup that was currently stewing away (is that the correct term for it).
Dean was then calling him from the top of the stairs; Jimmy pulled out the first movie and rested it on the coffee table before jogging up the steps. He was waiting for him in his bedroom doorway, waving Jimmy in. “Here,” Dean grunted as he thrust a pile of clothes into Jimmy’s waiting arms. “I thought you might be more comfortable, these were the smallest size I could find.”
“Castiel,” the name came from under flowers, huskily muttered in the most pleasing way. Dean tested it around in his head a few times, it was lovely but it felt really formal.
John shooed his boys, making them go sit down on the porch to watch. He took Jimmy out into the middle of the yard, holding the football in his hand showing Jimmy how to do it. John handed it over and then corrected Jimmy’s fingers to make sure he was doing it right. He then took the ball back and explained how to throw it. It seemed easy enough. So he tried and failed. John reassuring him the whole time while telling him about how bad Sam had been at first, apparently they had to fix two of the neighbor’s windows.
Sam sat in the middle seat for optimal view of both of the older passengers, gaze flitting between them. Analyzing how stiff Castiel was, unsure and uneasy with the slightest flicker of terror whenever Dean would start talking again. He also thought it was weird the way Castiel had angled his body towards the exit, as if almost ready to jump out at any second, with his both hand hidden. But Dean didn’t seem to notice this and continued to ramble on about anything and everything that came to mind. Very peculiar indeed.
Dean always hated math class, it had always been such a pain in his ass. However, now he found there was something good about it after all. Castiel sat only fifteen feet away. Dean was surprised he had never noticed the trench coat clad boy before now. But then again he had never been looking.  And Cas just sat there doing all the work, not speaking to his peers, not raising his hand when the teacher asked questions. It was almost as if he was trying to melt into the background.
He pulled into the correct driveway, leaving the engine on, before answering the question. “I wanted to have the car in park when I talked to you.”
Dean looked up towards the sky, clouds breaking up the expanse of bright blue, “So, what’s your name?” He leaned back on his elbows, grass tickling the skin now that his leather jacket had been taken off so that he could feel the wind on his body. It was such a nice day.
There was no proven cause of it but the theory had made him sick to his stomach. The only reason he did hurl right then and there was because his curiosity wouldn’t allow him to move away from the computer screen.
“I am not gay, Balthazar. Why do you insist on doing such things?” Cas’ hand was now rested on his hip while waiting for an answer. He found himself hoping for Balthazar to give him some half-assed excuse so that he could blow up in the other’s face to let off some steam.
Jimmy didn’t try to pull out of Dean’s hold, far too transfixed with the warmth of another person without the pain known to him until now. To be touched without it hurting was a rush he hadn’t felt in a while. So, he held on as well. They made their way through the living room and into the dinning area. There was a man who Jimmy could only assume was Mr. Winchester, sitting at the head of the table. Dean pulled him along to stand in front of the man. “This is my Dad, Dad this is Castiel.”
Suddenly Mrs. Novak had moved from her seat, rushing over to grab his chin tightly in her hand. There would be little dots of bruises around his face. She really did have a tight hold. Jimmy winced slightly, pulling back on reflex just to be held tighter. “They’re sinners Jimmy…Maybe you do belong with them.” His mother pushed his face away harshly, as if almost a slap. “Go to your room.”
Dean held him all the way through it, not saying a word just letting Jimmy cry and mumble out everything that was wrong. And when it was finally over and Cas was tucked under his chin, fast asleep, with puffy eyes Dean pulled out his phone to see 6 texts from Sam and 4 calls.
Lunch ended and they went their separate ways, until Dean found out that he also shared English with Castiel. He sat through the whole class staring at the back of Cas’ head, which bobbed up and down as he wrote. Every once in a while Cas would bring his pencil up to his lips, tapping them rapidly in an attempt to put his thoughts into words.
“It’s okay Dean, you’re a young adult male. I’m sure you have needs.” Cas’ voice let Dean know he was judging him in the cruelest way. To think that little of him. Dean felt extremely bad for the degrading photos, though he thought for a moment there that his mother would be proud of him for this sudden realization. Dean would have to tell her about this discovery.
They had cheesy little things on them that Jimmy had heard said around the hallways, most making fun of them.
The older Winchester scoffed and continued eating, finally saying, “Enough with the chick flick moment, I just wanted to let you know that he might be around. “
“I want to get to know you. Mine is strong black coffee after waking up with a hangover.” Castiel had forgotten to ask the question in return but leave it to Dean to do it for him.  But he wondered why Dean had been so completely honest with him. It wasn’t like he had to inform him about the alcohol to tell him his favorite drink, it seemed a bit odd…but at the same time it was rather sweet. ‘Sweet?’
“What’s their name?” It didn’t even sound like a question, it only sounded like an accusation.  He wasn’t even sure what the charges were, Jimmy just knew he was guilty. The flush that reached his ears was only that of shame.
Jimmy leaned on the front door, letting out a little sigh. His mother saw him from the kitchen, she looked to the oven clock and then glared at Jimmy. Apparently he had barely made it back in time.
Dean had the strongest urge to yank at the tie tightly knotted around his neck, it felt extremely restrictive but Sam had insisted. He pulled into one of the empty parking spaces around the back of the restaurant, stepped out of the vehicle and breathed in the fresh air, running his fingers down the hood of his baby as he parted with her. They went in through the back of the house, Sam guiding him into the head chef’s office.
Castiel yearned for nothing more than to taste what humans tasted, and more often than not took it for granted.
“Look at how well I have taught you. Jerk me off.” He unfolded another piece of paper, bringing it up to his face before looking back down at Cas, waiting for him to continue. Castiel reached up, pulling out a semi limp cock. “Can you touch me so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel? Ha, how charming.”
A fork reached across his body, moving to steal a bite of the delicious treat but it was soon fought off with the jab of a fork. Sam hissed in pain even though Dean hadn’t maimed him. Though the intent was there.
“It’s okay,” Jimmy cut of Dean, really he had nothing to be sorry, he was so honest and Jimmy kept many things from him.
When he finally got the throw down, John taught him how to catch the ball, which was far easier. Dean was smiling at him and Jimmy felt so proud of his accomplishment it was almost sinful. Dean did that often…smile at all the new things Jimmy learned. It was stressful but nice.
Mary Winchester had not expected that. She knew what it was, and she knew what caused it. Of course she did, she was a nurse. And now the way Dean was letting her hold him made sense. He also obviously knew as well. All she could do was pull him in closer. She wanted to protect her son and the person who had, most likely unbeknownst to him, broke through to her baby. Mary wanted to hold them both and set up play dates. If only it was that simple. “You should invite him over.”
“Boys,” Mary growled, eyes darting between the three and then landing on John for chuckling at the whole thing. His mouth snapped closed, glaring at his sons now. The fight stopped and then both went back to eating, Sam picking at the scraps on his plate. Mary sat down with her own plate finally able to eat. Kick. Elbow. Knee. “Stop it,” she said without looking up at them.
Mary flipped Sam’s omelet just as he stepped down the stairs, still in his boxers. Sam was getting so tall; he was quickly approaching John’s height. It had hurt her husband’s pride a little when Dean had surpassed him and surely by the time Sam was Dean’s age they would both tower over John. Mary thought it was cute how she would have to comfort John silently every time they all went to the clinic for their bi-yearly check ups. Mary always insisted they were in good health.
“Cas?” Though to Dean non-high Castiel was much different then loopy Cas they had both asked the question in the same way. It was nice to know Dean hadn’t just made some crazy mistake...like in some bad high school movie with twins.
“Soup of the day, Mr. Crowley.” Crowley slowly turned around to glare at Winchester. “She said she wishes to speak with the chef…” The waiter continued.
“Everyone this is Cas, Cas this is everyone,” he sat down and started to munch on his food. Castiel looked worried about something, he was playing around with his food even though he had been so eager to eat earlier. Dean leaned over and put a hand to the side of his face, whispering like a little kid with a secret. “Don’t worry about them, most of them are slobs who accidentally spit out more food than they swallow.”
“Oh I see, you didn’t seem like the type to just ask to bang like that. And I meant odd in a good way. I like it. Can we at least be friends?”
He started his research then, looking up what was wrong with himself and consulting Dr. Web MD. It wasn’t long until he found the section on MPD/DID and suddenly it all made sense. The lost time and the aching of his body in odd places as well as all the bruises. Luckily, even if his mother now hated him, he knew who was hurting him. Not that he could do anything about it…but at least he knew and now could treat his uncle as he deserved to be treated. Well, that had been his plan. The next time he was alone with Metatron a voice whispered to him, demanding for him to let go, and Jimmy couldn’t stop himself from giving in. Maybe it was because he was not ready to truly face the complete extent of what was happening and Castiel was so much stronger than him...far more broken, but most defiantly stronger.  The next time Jimmy ‘woke up’ he was in a sweat soaked bed, all alone, and covered in a sticky liquid that was not his own- which Jimmy had always thought it to be ‘til then. That was when Castiel started changing the sheets and cleaning off the body before releasing his hold.
John and Mary left soon after the Impala full of young men arrived. “Money’s on the counter, you know our numbers, try not to burn down the house.” Though she was joking there was some seriousness in her eyes.
Dean led him into the living room, Sam following closely after his own bout of shock. Really, they could be so odd. Dean went and turned on one of the black boxes sitting in front of the T.V. and then popped a disk in. He came back with a controller. Dean sat down on the couch and patted the space between his legs. Jimmy gave him a questioning look. “I’m going to teach you how to play.” Obviously Dean didn’t see anything wrong with the situation. So Jimmy sat down on the edge of the couch, nested in between Dean’s legs.
Mother had book club again today; it had been postponed due to torrential downpour, and she had appointed Uncle Metatron to watch the house while she was away. It must be nice to go gallivanting off to read classic Christian literature.
When Dean suggested Jimmy go hang in the kitchen with his mother while he took a bath Jimmy was over-joyed. Partly because the ride home with Dean had been horrid; they had to drive with the windows down, but mainly because he enjoyed spending time with Mrs. Winchester. She was kind…and Jimmy couldn’t help but want to be in her presence. So when Dean rushed up the stairs Jimmy confidently walked into the kitchen, having lost all sense of ‘I’m a guest don’t wander.’
One side of Jimmy’s mouth pulled down, briefly debating whether or not to tell Dean the truth, “I’ve never seen it.” Dean had apparently gotten used to the feeling of shock when it came to Jimmy, he just nodded his head while pinching the bridge of his nose. He then quickly tried to explain in the least amount of words that his parents were religious nuts who had a problem with anything that could be considered “pop-culture.”
“Oh, and don’t talk politics, they don’t agree and it will make them to fight.” Sam jumped in nodding at every word Dean said, they both laughed at the memories of it but Jimmy didn’t see how yelling was something to chuckle at.
Jimmy didn’t know what to do about it. So he pulled away and got dressed, pulling back on his clothes that covered up everything Dean had seen. Never to let it be seen again. “I’m sorry you had to see-“ Jimmy couldn’t even finish his sentence. Dean had pulled him into a tight embrace, whispering soft apologies serving to comfort himself more than Jimmy.
“About?” Jimmy knew there was something off with his own voice but he couldn’t do anything about it.
Sure Dean was surprised to find out that Castiel was not what he had imagined but for some reason he felt like he should stick around a little longer. Normally he would never talk to someone who couldn’t accept such things but…there was something about the way Castiel had yet to blow up that intrigued Dean. Castiel sat quietly, eating away at his plate full, listening to every word that everyone said…judging it. But not once opening his mouth to say anything against any of their life choices.
Dean held the door open for his new soon to be friend, then pulled Castiel along gently by his wrist to the lunch line. Dean realized his mistake and let go when he felt the tenseness running down the arm in his hand.  He wasn’t sure why Castiel was so uptight about being touched but he did want to find out in the future. The lunch lady rolled her eyes and demanded they tell her what they wanted to eat. Castiel said ‘no thank you’ and Dean’s head shot towards him, remembering how thin Cas was under all those clothes.
Castiel’s neck cracked at how fast he whipped it around to stare at Dean, eyes wide. “What do you mean?” The tone was hard, harsh, wrong. Dean hated it.
Jimmy skipped out on breakfast, the thought of eating food at the moment being completely unthinkable. He wanted to hurl at the smell of toast coming from the kitchen as he snuck by and out the back door. But most of all he didn’t want to see the hate and disappointment in his mother’s eyes. It was always there. He gently closed the door then schooled his face so the pain wouldn’t show, not that anyone would ask if they ever saw it.
“You need to go south on I-10 and then take a left at Magnolia St.” Dean could tell from the tone that Cas was a scared little bunny. So much different than the person he had first met. It wasn’t like Dean liked him any less for this but he was worried about the drastic change in personality. As if they were two completely different people.  He would have to think down that line of thought later on.
Jimmy was handed an apron and a knife and pointed in the direction of a cutting board with two onions sitting on it. He steadied his hand and chopped the first one in half. Apparently he had done something wrong, and he couldn’t help the arm that came up to protect his face when Mrs. Winchester came rushing up to his side from refrigerator.
Soon the water boiled his skin as red as a cooked lobster, just the way he liked it. It was the only thing that made him feel anything resembling the word clean. He pulled a luffa down from the rack, drowning it in body wash before scraping it across his the skin of his shoulder, leaving the skin raw and almost bleeding.
He had already taken a flight a few weeks ago to head to Stanford. This time Dean had to watch his brother leave, had to feel that aching need to just reach out and say don’t go. But Dean wanted him to be able to go out and follow his dream so he just waved him off saying, “don’t let me catch you around these parts anytime soon.”
He sputtered and blushed before slamming the door closed on his way out. Jimmy waited ‘til he heard hurried footsteps rushing down the staircase. Then he pulled off his clothes, holding the sweat pants up to his body. Dean seemed so much bigger now. Once the pants were settled on his hips they quickly started to slide down, he pulled the strings until it was tight, securing it. The t-shirt that Dean had handed him smelt exactly like the man. The fabric was soft and hung off his body, Jimmy couldn’t help but to bring it up to his nose to take in the scent. When Jimmy had been on the bed, the first day he had spent the afternoon with the Winchesters, he had noticed the over-whelming smell of old leather, motor oil, and something earthy that screamed Dean. He enjoyed it maybe a little too much.
Castiel didn’t even know where he wanted to start. He just wanted to know the other man…anything would do, anything to ease the pull in his chest. He couldn’t even begin to explain the reason behind his want for this strange friendship. “What’s your favorite drink?”
“Come on, boys. Let’s go out to eat,” Mary chimed as John helped her put on her jacket, while trying to force his feet into his boots.
They introduced “The Little Mermaid” to him after dinner, and now he wanted to yell at his mother for never letting him watch movies…real movies that didn’t have a religious agenda. Jimmy had never thought they could be so good.  Sure everyone had raved about them throughout his school life and he had caught parts of the conversations as he passed by in the hallways but now he wanted to see all of them he could.
Uncle Metatron, always caring, and ever forgiving, as only a man of unabashed faith could be. Looking back on it Jimmy realized that of course his mother wouldn’t have ever believed him when he said her own brother was doing weird things to him in the dead of night or when she wasn’t around. One of the people she loved unconditionally…touching her own child. Of course it wasn’t true. It had been foolish of Jimmy to tell her in the first place. If he could he would go back to when he was nine and sew his mouth shut, never to be opened again, he would.
Suddenly, well before he had realized it, they had arrived home and Sam was forced to get out of the car. And by forced he meant the look Dean had given him had made him want to run and hide under his bed. Sam’s pretty-boy older brother sure could be menacing at times.
Handing over the last pan, then wiping his hands on a dishrag, not wanting to get his suit pants wet, Dean finally figured out his own answer. “I don’t know, he said he’s not gay.” As he rolled down his sleeves he let out a long sigh, thinking back to what Castiel had said. When Dean had first seen the sign in the coffee shop he had frowned at it, thinking the person who wrote it had been rather foolish. Since they lived in Texas being gay was a rather touchy subject. However, he was hit with the realization that the moment when he saw that sign was the moment he’d become interested in the barista inside, and so he couldn’t help but silently thank the idiot that scrawled that tasteless sign.
After finishing off her drink, he pulled out his phone and once again it was the same unknown number. This time the message read, “Haha you’re funny Cas, but seriously what are you up to?”
Dean gawked at Castiel, not understanding how it was possible after the talk they had yesterday for Cas to have forgotten him. Dean didn’t know why but he was slightly insulted and now sporting a bruised ego. “You don’t remember me?” His voice cracked at the end of the sentence, his face light up with embarrassment.
Dean apparently knew what was off, “I am not going to make you tell me, nor will I ever try...but, just know if you ever-
Dean wanted to start a fight with his brother for putting his dream on the line for him, but this wasn’t the place for it and was likely to get them both fired. Dean seemed to be walking on eggshells. “Okay,” he gave his little brother a shoulder squeeze (his way of reassuring him Dean wouldn’t fuck this one up) before making his way into the bathroom. Finally, he got to remove his damn tie (nearly tearing it off), and suit. Dean stared at his body in the mirror, flexing his arms clad only in his boxers and a white undershirt.  He knew he was handsome and wasn’t afraid to be a bit narcissistic. Deciding not to dally anymore he pulled on what Dean could only call kitchen clothes and tried to tie the apron around his waist. It took him a while to get it knotted, not adept in tying things behind his own back. He rolled up his sleeves, gathered up his clothes and left to put them up.
Castiel removed the flower that was covering one of his eyes so that he could take a look at the person next to him out of his peripheral vision. He was surprised at how handsome he was. Castiel normally didn’t notice the beauty in people but he could see that Dean was a work of art. But the reason he looked over to begin with was the lack of judgment from the other. He had expected Dean to scoff at him, as most people did. “I wonder if your blue is the same as mine.”
“I know but to accuse you, of all people, of…touching him. I have no clue who he is. He is not my child.”
He served another three people while waiting for a reply, smiling lightly at the patrons. Balthazar stepped out of the back room signaling he was finished with his break, now here to ease up the work load. His friend stood at the register next to him, being cheeky with the young man on the other side of the counter. Castiel frowned at his partner’s flamboyancy; Balthazar too easily flirted with everyone.
“Are you avoiding the question? Go forward, ten more houses on the left,” there was a strange teasing in the question even though he still sounded angry.
Now, he was one of the smartest students in his batch and had found some great friends as well. He was satisfied with his life.
Dean walked in, smiling slightly when he saw that Castiel had chosen a table at the very front. They had a usual table here when they had been dating but the spot was hidden from view now. “Hey there.”
He had already placed his order online before reaching the café because he had to work on a physics paper due at midnight and he didn't want to waste time, hoping to get through some research as his order was prepared.
The list of regrets in Dean's life was by no means short. And yet that was somehow one of the greatest ones ever. He kept going back to the moment he said the words, kept going back to the moment he abandoned his best friend. And he hated it, so he drank. And he hated being drunk and unable to do anything useful, so he drank some more.
“Only you, Cas. Only you would have a pet possum named Trash. God you're such a strange person,'' Dean laughed as they had completed their meal.
That's how Dean found himself, drunk off his ass, sitting on the hood of the impala staring up at the stars, at two in the morning, wondering if the shooting star he was seeing was another angel falling. If that angel had better friends who didn't turn them away at a time they needed them the most.
“You didn't have to do this Cas-” he couldn't stop his moan as he bit into the light and airy macaroon. “Cross that, this is absolutely divine. If I pretend to meet you after years daily, can I get them for free everyday?”
The store entrance wasn't anything too extra, just your average cute café in the middle of a bustling city. A chalkboard sign showing off the day's deals was near the windows through which he could see the inside of the café. The counter wasn't visible from outside but Dean could see a fair share of the interior. There were bookshelves acting as room dividers all around. He made a note in his head to check out the books later, someday when he's free. He was also surprised to see the number of plants all over the place.
Castiel sat up straight and asked, “Enough about me and the café, how's everything going in your life? How's Sam?”
Anyways, it was too late to back out now. He was standing at the door of Emmy’s, and Castiel had already spotted him and was waving at him now.
Dean scoured the place a little more and found a table towards the back, hidden by another bookshelf which was also close to a record player. He put his bag down on the table and started perusing through the selection of records to find the perfect background music to work to.
He knew he had changed too. After he had taken responsibility for being Sam's legal guardian, he had mostly focused on getting Sam into college for the first couple of years. But after some heated arguments, Sam had convinced Dean to apply for college himself.
He was caught off guard by the bell as he opened the door. The shop looked like a mix of modern and homely café at the same time so the bell was surprising. As he stepped in, he was hit with the aroma of freshly baked cookies and a very strong whiff of rich aromatic coffee. Inside, he could see a wall to the side covered in shelves filled with records of all kinds and a couple of record players underneath with big comfortable looking chairs. The area was empty at the time but a couple of tables were occupied in the middle of the room. To be fair it was kind of early.
“I’m sorry. I'm so sorry, Cas. I wish with all I have and am to do better by you. And I'm so sorry you have to deal with this, with me on top of dealing with all the human crap on your own. I'm just so sorry,” he says quietly, hoping the cadence of his voice can somehow be received by the ex angel on the other side of the call.
Dean was snapped out of his reverie when someone cleared their throat behind him in the queue. Castiel gestured Dean to move to the side of the counter where his order was to be collected from.
Dean looked at his phone, mortified by his text. Why did he say that, what the hell is wrong with him. That was a stupid thing to say. Who says ‘it's a date’ to a brunch with an ex?! Dean was panicking and he needed to do damage control right that instant.
“He's a very cute possum! I found him in college and he just sort of followed me around, so you know. He's also very low maintenance.”
“Yeah, it was actually Gabriel’s idea for us to open the café. He thinks we could maybe join in with his chain later, but we're happy right now as a new café.” Castiel stirred the coffee he had brought with himself.
Dean wanted to say he's fine, that sams fine, that everything is just fucking fine. Except it wasn't, and he wasn't and he's choking on his words, and Cas says his name again and he still cannot speak.
dean pls dont hit on the barista, the cafes been open for barely a week, give them time to adjust here
Dean's head whipped up. He knew that voice. But it couldn't be, right? That was four years ago. The counter was hidden from view by the bookshelf so he couldn't see who it was yet. He braced himself as he got up to go collect his order.
“Dean?” came a gravelly voice. How one syllable could hold so much concern and exhaustion at the same time was beyond Deans understanding. “Are you okay? Is sam okay?”
He was halfway through the Wikipedia page of the dancing plague, which was not necessarily connected to his assignment but he'd somehow stumbled on it and it was interesting damnit, when,
“Hello Dean, I hope you had a nice week. I ordered coffee already, sorry,” Castiel greeted him as he sat down. He was dressed smartly in a white button down and jeans, his trench coat draped on the back of his chair.
“No it's- I'm not on a Case,” Dean manages to say finally, and he doesnt recognise his own voice. He sounds like the husk of a man he once was, voice hollow and yet somehow filled with every emotion he's feeling.
“It seems to be going great, so that's nice,” Dean commented after finishing the macaroons. He received a shy smile from the man opposite him in return.
Dean had spent the past three days stewing in his own doubts about the brunch. What if things went sideways? He knew that they hadn't parted ways in the most amicable manner, and most of it was his fault. They hadn't talked since that day in the diner when Dean had stormed out. Later he had found out from Jo that Castiel left for college in the following week while Dean was handling paperwork regarding Sam and applying for jobs to get extra cash.
Oh well, that's nice. My shift just ended so I wanted to ask whether you'd be up for brunch at Emmy’s on Sunday perhaps?
“Dean please say something, are you safe, are you on a Case right now? Do you need my help?” There's more urgency in Castiel's voice, the sleepiness long gone by now.
Dean lay awake that night, recounting the day as he smiled in memory. He thought maybe he was ready to let the past go. Maybe he was ready to strip down and dive in deep and let the water surround him. Maybe he was ready to let it all be water under the bridge and move on. And maybe he was happy about it all.
Castiel smiled at Dean, the curves of his mouth lifting up slightly. Most people wouldn't consider that a smile, but Dean knew Castiel enough to understand it.
He waved his hand in a dismissive manner but none of the others saw, the room was already pitch black. “Nah, my old man was a jarhead. I think I broke his heart when I said I was enlisting in the military.”
“Why can’t you, what will happen?” Dean’s tone was soft and comforting but the question asked was still strong. He was trying so hard to help the man he loved and if that meant keeping him here until they finally talked he would.
Still slightly out of breath, while placing away his penis, Metatron laughed out, “I really like this one: are you religious? Cause you are the answer to all my prayers.” He left then, dropping the rest of what was in his hands, some of the papers landing in Castiel’s hair.
“Time for dinner boys,” Mary was leaning on the doorframe, one hand on her hip and a smug smile on her face. Dean glared at her, luckily for him Castiel couldn’t see the face she was pulling. His mom winked at him before leaving to go and bother Sam.
“Slow down dear, you can have as much as you want but you don’t need to make yourself sick. Okay?” Mary looked worried and it was only because of this worry that he even listened to her in the first place. He could see all the food still in the pots and it eased his want to finish his first plate as fast as possible.
She kissed the top of his head before saying, “What is her name?” Dean went tense, she had made a misstep somewhere… Oh. “What is his name?”
“Sam, get up. Breakfast is ready.” Dean walked over to the window pulling back the curtain to let in the early morning light. Sam groaned from under the mess of blankets on his bed, throwing an arm over his squinting eyes. “Be down in five minutes or else you don’t get pancakes.”
Castiel could watch this process all day, all year, for all of eternity. The combinations were endless, ever-changing but the principle tastes always staying the same. Savory, sweet, salty, sour, spicy. The most exciting thing Castiel every experienced was the beginning of the world’s communities co-mingling. To see how the new fusion cuisines began to pop up. Watching people experience exotic food from far away lands for the first time, the wonderful surprise or extreme disdain of the unknown locking onto their face.
Before Dean could finish Jimmy cut him off, shocked by what the other had said, “You removed them for me?”
Castiel was completely shocked by this but he immediately recognized the handwriting as well as the crudely drawn picture that accompanied it. Storming to the break room to find Balthazar was sitting with his feet rested on the table, looking totally innocent, pissed him off completley.  Just casually lounging around, no worry about anything other than his fun.
“No, I’m actually 25. My family are all devout Christians but I’m a Theist.” Well, he wasn’t sure if Gabriel was religious, actually he was pretty sure he wasn’t and he was pretty sure Lucifer wasn’t as well.  Neither seemed the type. Though Lucifer might only do it as a play on his name. Really, what had his parents been thinking.
“For yesterday,” Castiel said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Well, I’m saying sorry for Jimmy.”
To bad he was already out of the Impala storming up porch with an older man holding the door open for him. The man stood by the door and watched as Dean pulled out of the driveway with a strange smirk in place the whole time.
“The head chef an asshole, so you’re better off just keeping it zipped.” Sam was pulling his hair back into a tight ponytail, and Dean would have fun of him for it if it weren’t for the fact that his little brother was about to land him a full-time job. Which was just plain awesome, asshole boss or not.
, played a video game?” Dean looked at him with complete and utter disbelief. Jimmy hadn’t meant to offend Dean when he said he had never played C.O.D. and then when Dean asked what games he did play Jimmy had made the mistake of saying ‘monopoly?’ It had caused Dean to start gaping like a goldfish. It had also made his right eye squint in the oddest of ways but Jimmy thought it best not to bring it up.
“How’s your table tennis?” They both broke out into laughter, before settling and waiting for their other two roommates.
Dean’s body automatically rose, his mind still steeped in sleep. His bunkmates were doing the same. His hands tucked in the sheets in practiced movements. He grabbed his shower tote and clothes for the day and made his way to the communal showers, many other people making the same walk.
Dean looks over to see the bluest eye he had ever seen staring up at the clouds. He raised his body up a little, leaning on his forearm, to get a better look, and they were bluer then he had first imagined. Dean knew he was thinking about the color far too much but he couldn’t help but try to figure out exactly what shade to call it.  He smirked, thinking Cas’ eyes were more pleasing then the sky, “Probably not.” Dean reached over and grabbed the flower now in-between them, placing it over Castiel’s eye gently.
“Yeah,” Dean replied while he fumbled slightly with the slippery dish in his hands. He realized he had ignored his brother when he had first asked, he hadn’t meant to but he had been preoccupied with Cas.
“Dean, wake up,” Mary was calling to him, forcing him to get up, but it was so damn early. Apparently he had said that last part out loud because Mary quickly said, “There is someone here for you…He’s laying out in the grass.”
Castiel decided to take this exile in stride by taking a tour of the finest restaurants the earth had to offer. Silently lurking in the background, invisible to all those around but still soaking in all there was to learn. This was different from what he had seen in heaven. This was new. New combinations, new technics.
A week had passed by and Dean had thought and thought and thought about everything Castiel did. He analyzed every little thing. Probably too much for his own good. Dean was pretty sure he was driving himself mad. So he had decided that today was the day to act.
Dean could be crass without realizing it but he was a good man. Honest, painfully so at times, and caring. One day at lunch Sam, Dean’s younger brother, had come to their table (their?) and said he had forgotten his lunch money. Sam then proceeded to ask Dean if he would forgo his ‘second lunch’ so that he could buy his own. Dean handed the younger Winchester his not yet touched plate and told him to just take it. Sam then wondered why his brother had not given him money and Dean explained that he had been buying Castiel lunch as of late. Sam tried so hard to give the food back but Dean said no and then ignored him. It was pretty adorable but Jimmy had felt bad about it. He pushed his plate over to the hungry man next to him, Dean’s stomach growling. Dean kept the plate between them picking at the food and telling Cas to eat as well. Jimmy didn’t feel right about it, he had gone longer then this with no food before…it was no big deal. Dean ended up jabbing some food with his fork and then ‘airplaned’ it into Jimmy’s mouth. He blushed, hard. Yeah, Dean was a good person.
Cas was panicking, stumbling backwards hitting the shelving unit behind him. Cleaning supplies clattering to the concrete floor.  Dean does the only thing he can, quietly shushing and whispering little reassurances as he slowly stands up to try and hold the shaking man. “It’s okay…I just want to talk…”
Castiel stomped back out of the break room to go wipe the board clean; hoping none of the earlier patrons had assumed the same.
His body went rigid under the large hand that had lingered for too long. Fingers tracing lines on his skin, making him shiver with disgust. He wanted to scream at his mother to not go. To please stay. But it would be of no use.
They drove back to the Novak household in silence; Dean stealing quick glances the whole way. And when they finally arrived Dean latched onto Jimmy’s hand, reluctant to allow the man to go. Jimmy gave him a sad smile and pulled away, he felt no need to explain the situation, just knowing he needed to go.
“You start today, you mess up and you and your brother are both gone,” Crowley stood and handed him a uniform. “Go get changed.”
“I’m sorry, sir-“ the beautiful was watching the shocked man rather than the angry one. There was only sorrow and remorse on his face.
Luckily for him Dean promised to watch more together as Jimmy got out of the car. Nothing could ruin the high he felt as he drifted up the stairs. Not even his uncle being there alone.
Jimmy’s neck started to go stiff because of the angle the couch was at in relation to the television. He turned to Dean, asking him to pause the movie. He did so with a raised eyebrow. “Dean, my neck hurts…” Jimmy hated to seem whiny but it hurt so badly it felt as if his neck would snap in two.
“No,” the voice quivered, and to Dean’s surprise it wasn’t the same husky voice he had hear yesterday. This was far higher in pitch as well as far less carefree. “I’m sorry, who are you?”
“Hello,” the boy’s voice was deep and it shocked Dean. He wasn’t normally one to judge but he hadn’t expected such a voice to come out of a body so small. The boy was probably around five foot six but he could tell by the skin showing at the top on his pants that he was rather skinny. His hips were protruding with his jeans resting on them and if Dean wanted to he could look in the gap between the clothes and his stomach. Truthfully, Dean was a little worried about how thin the other seemed to be…surely it couldn’t be healthy
Dean automatically realized what he was talking about, he scratched at his cheek before shyly confessing, “Well, it bothered you-“
“Sorry, okay,” it was physically hard to slow down his consumption but the last thing he wanted to do was ‘give back’ this amazing food. So, he went slowly, chewing each bite completely and when he was done with all the food on his plate he got seconds. And then thirds. He thought momentarily of fourths but Mrs. Winchester brought a pie to the table. Which he found to be completely amazing.
The beautiful soul’s face fell into a state of shock, then shifting to silent horror. His boss’s (as Castiel assumed he was) head snapped to follow the man. Soon matching his horror before rushing after the waiter now taking a platter of bowls out to the dining room. But by the time he got to the doors one of the patrons had already taken a bite. The boss was stunned when he realized the soup wasn’t the correct color.  Rushing over to still bubbling pot he stood there a while, glaring down into the soup like it had murdered his dreams. The other man walked slowly back to the soup also staring at it, spoon still in hand.
Dean looked down between them, his hair hitting Jimmy’s face, and turned red as a tomato. Then looking back into Jimmy’s eyes, he was searching for something. Whatever he had thought he would see he did, but apparently it also wasn’t what he wanted.
“No, don’t worry about it, it’s okay.” John soothed and then went back to eating, everyone following suit. He really was a big softie.
She had broken down, falling to her knees, weeping openly. He kneeled down, quickly saying that he would do his best to find who did it. She barely registered the words through her tears. Dean stood and left the house meeting with the team outside to finish their patrol.
“Okay, so my mom is really nice but do as she says or else. Dad is…Sam what is dad like?” Dean looked at Sammy through the rear view mirror. Jimmy sat in the passenger’s seat, currently being informed about how to act around the Winchester parents.
“I don’t know…” There was something off about the statement. Obviously Dean knew…but what was she missing? “I think he has MPD, mom, I don’t know what to do.”
But then Jimmy ran into another roadblock, onions burn the crap out of your eyes. It was a truly horrible revelation. His plans to reach up and rub at his eyes were halted when Mary grabbed his wrists. “Don’t rub your eyes, it will only make it worse.” Mrs. Winchester popped a piece of minty gum into his mouth, instructing him to chew and then wiping away a few stray tears, holding his face steady with her hands. She looked into his eyes for a long while and then she walked away after kissing his forehead. It hurt, so bad…to be so jealous of your best friend because of their mom.
“Green is my favorite color, and what is yours? Also what’s your last name, so I can add you as a contact.”
Mary and John walked through the front door, laughing themselves into nearly falling to the floor. Something about oranges. Dean looked at the clock on the DVR, seeing it was far later than the normal time he would have taken Castiel home by. Cas also seemed to notice, quickly thanking Sam for the offer before following Dean up the stairs to change. He quickly started to pull off his clothes, not bothered with Dean standing in the room.
They hugged, as awkward as ever. So much had changed, but two things remained constant, his father’s inability to give relaxed hugs and his disdain for flying.
He had finally regained control of his mind after fourth period ended, only realizing he had skipped all his morning classes when he wound up in math. Jimmy hated this…this lack of control. But then again it was better than the other option. To be around that man was completely unthinkable.
Before Jimmy could say anything Mrs. Winchester cut in and said, “Onions.” Dean made a little hum of recognition and went to sit down.
Dean had read all the articles, going through them with a fine-toothed comb. Making sure to soak up everything they said.
Dean pulled Jimmy back slightly, making him tense up. It felt weird to have his back pressed up against somebodies chest like this. He could feel Dean’s body expand with every breath and he could help but become conscious with his inhales and exhales. Jimmy accidentally synced up intake of air, freaking himself out slightly. And what was worse was that he could feel Dean’s breath hit the back of his neck. It made him shiver.
Jimmy wanted to scream at the asshole who was sending him all these notes. He didn’t even bother opening them since he already knew what they were. It had been a long time since anyone decided he was the person to pick on.
A grey cloud seemed to reside over his once happy childhood home, it just seemed dark from the outside. Something seemed off about the residence. As if all the horrid deeds done in the seemingly perfect house had soaked into the very wood that kept it together. What had started out as a bright pine over time had been soaked with all the screaming, blood, and tears, turning it to dark rosewood.
Castiel’s eyes showed the sudden hurt but Dean had miss out on the slightest of flickers. “I’m sorry Dean, I have to confess to something…I have played Monopoly before.”
Jimmy quickly sat up, the hand that had been resting on his abdomen falling limply to his crotch. He didn’t have time to bother with Dean’s sputters of embarrassment, as he quickly jumped up to join Sam on his couch. “Really?”
God is gone now though, Michael was in charge and he began trying to rein things in, run everything like a battleship. Order. He had recently decided to pick up the slack, starting with Castiel.
Mary scoffed, drinking the last few drops of her coffee before cleaning up the mess left in the kitchen.
He immediately regretted when he saw Cas’ smile fall, a look of utter confusion on his face. Dean wanted to hug him and say that he was only joking and that he was so sorry for being so horrible. Then in the most pitiful voice Dean had ever heard Castiel questioned, “Did I do something wrong?”
“Boys let’s play some football,” John called to them on his way out of the back door. Jimmy found it weird that he didn’t feel uncomfortable around Mr. Winchester. Normally he was skittish around men especially when they were older. Not that John was old. But the way he looked at his wife and the way he treated sons, himself included, eased his worries. Dean and Sam had obviously been taught how to be so polite and caring by their parents. It helped that John never leered or glared at him, he would just smile fondly. Mary had told Jimmy it had to do with not being the shortest man in the home anymore. Jimmy took it in stride.
Realizing how spaced Castiel had been, thinking maybe the guy had been high off his horse, Dean forgave him. Not that there was anything to forgive. “Nah don’t worry about it, the name’s Dean. We met yesterday on the hill in fourth period.”
He rubbed the back of his leg with his foot nervously as Dean shouted out, “Mom, we’re back! I hope you don’t mind I brought a friend.”
Dean made his way back to his bunk, everyone else was eating lunch but Dean wasn’t feeling it after the patrol they went on today. There had been a mother crying for their help and Dean had tried his best to save her son but it was too late. He was gone by the time they arrived at her home, he had been stabbed and had lost too much blood.
Dean watched fondly as the two “geeked out” over their newfound-shared interest. He was immensely glad Sam and Castiel got along. Well, as long as they didn’t get along to well. But Dean wasn’t really worried about that after how relaxed Cas had been in his arms. Even the steady, gentle rubbing of fingers at times seemed not to faze the enraptured young man.
“I’m up-” he groaned, throwing his legs out of the warm covers, shivering at the coldness of his room. Then again only wearing boxers probably didn’t help any. “Mom, what’s for breakfast?”
Dean took in a hard breath and forced his rigid body straight, finally starting up the car. He played no music and made no small conversation.
“Okay Sam, let’s get going,” Dean yelled as he finished wolfing down his breakfast, then running upstairs to take a quick shower.
He jumped out of bed, running to the restroom, hips aching with every single hurried step. Jimmy thrust the door open and throw open the lid of the toilet, bending down to hurl up everything in his stomach. Tears were streaming down his face and he could barely catch his breath between heaves, each one hurting more with the lack of volume to it. He found dry heaving was the worst. Jimmy wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, finally to regain some of his composer. He hated this.
The boys piled into the Impala while Mr. and Mrs. Winchester took the van, John asking why he couldn’t join the boys, Mary then told him to stop being a twit. They clearly loved each other very much. And then that thought led him back to the other night, to what Dean had said. The more he thought on those few words the more the proverbial butterflies in his stomach fluttered. The more he thought the more he got used to it. The more he wanted to hear those words, whispered, screamed…moaned. Jimmy blamed it on his long ignored need for someone to care. He was just glad that someone was Dean.  There could be no other explanation to why he was obsessing over it.
He laughs bitterly at himself for hoping. He gets back in the car, now fairly sober and drives back to the bunker, not home.
“Dean, I can never be mad at you. I understand you had reasons for your actions. And anyways, it was inevitable, I knew being human meant I couldn't be as useful to you-”
He can feel Cas scrunching his eyebrows and frowning through the phone. He huffs out a laugh at the mental image and next thing he knows, he can feel a streak of wetness down his cheek.
no its just a lunch between 2 friends who havent seen each other in a long time calm your tits asshole
“Dont. dont ask me that. Cas- don't care about me, be mad at me. Don't ask me how I am when I kicked you out. Don't care about me when I failed to do the same for you.” He hates how watery his voice sounds, how much he's stuttering.
“Could you give me a moment? It's a slow day so I don't have much to do. I think I can take my break in a couple of minutes,” Castiel suggested while ringing up the next person in the line. Dean picked up his coffee and looked back at the dark haired boy. “If you'd like to catch up that is, I understand if you don't-”
“Of course, don't worry about it. Glad to know your caffeine addiction is still going strong. I was worried you'd be a completely changed man,'' Dean grinned at the blue eyed man across from him who shook his head a little.
After ordering their food, the two spent some time catching up over the past five years. Dean learnt that Castiel had completed his psychology degree with a minor in theology and had started planning the café after graduating. Anna had done culinary science and wanted experience in the field, Gabriel was looking for something to invest in, and Castiel had some free time. And thus Cafe Laz was born.
“And you know, it hurts even more that you gave so damn much for me, and I didn’t appreciate that enough. You
Once he’s outside of the room, that’s when he finally slows down. His heart is in his throat, and there’s sweat dripping from his hair and he feels like if he opens that door the world is going to explode because this is all too unreal. Suddenly, he’s right back where he started. 26, outside of his brother’s door as his knees wobble from anxiety and a fist is raised to knock. And he doesn’t know what’s going to be on the other side of the door-- doesn’t know if it’s going to be Eileen on the ceiling with a fire blazing all around. He wonders if he’ll have to pull his baby brother out for the third time. Wonders if they’ll fall right back into revenge and hunting-- and that
Dean finds out that Cas is human now-- it was supposedly the only way he could get out of the Empty. He had to become something other than supernatural to escape. Unfortunately, losing his grace meant staying with the Winchesters far more than Dean was comfortable with. Sure-- he was relieved to have the man back and wanted to spend every second at his side to make sure he was okay-- but that’s exactly what he
They walk down the aisle hand in hand, stepping over the leftover flower petals that Bobby had thrown out (he was their flower boy, because screw gender roles). They get into Baby together-- and yes, Dean went all out, writing the silly ‘just married’ on the back with the cans tied to the rear as they ride off together, because no matter how many times he’s said “no chick flick moments” that has always been a total lie. He fucking loves them.
Eventually, they managed to make it without dying. Dean takes the steps two at a time with Cas shouting to catch up for him. But there’s no time for that so instead he just throws an apologetic smile over his shoulder as he rushes past the front desk and makes a beeline for the elevators. A frustrated nurse yells at him to sign in but he’s already pressing the seventh-floor button and going up.
“It’s true,” Dean started, taking a deep breath. “What I said is true. I… I do. Love you, that is.” Cas’ heart fluttered at his words, and he waited patiently for the man to continue. It took him a couple more deep breaths, but he got there eventually. “I’ve loved you for a long time, I think. Longer than I can remember. I never had the balls to say it before-- I mean, I didn’t think you’d be too happy about your best friend wanting to get in your pants-- not that that’s all I want from you, uh. Fuck. What I’m trying to say is that… When I thought I lost you, I hated myself. I still hate myself because of it-- because I didn’t say it back when you could’ve been gone forever. I was too… Shocked, I guess. But I should’ve said it back. I shouldn’t have let you die, thinking you weren’t loved. That you were just like a brother to me, because you’re not. I want more from you-- so much more, and it terrifies me that I could’ve had that all this time, and then just… Didn’t do anything about it.”
Why did Cas have to be so damn nice? Even after dying for Dean, he was still willing to put himself last. Dean couldn’t stand it. It ate away at him more than the fear-- the thought that Cas didn’t think he was worth enough. He could say all those nice things about Dean, but that was it. He didn’t care enough about himself to see that he DID deserve better, after everything he did. He deserved so much more.
They get married in April, with Spring just beginning to set in. It’s still a bit chilly out, but that’s okay because there is no way Dean’s wearing a tux in hot weather (and Cas agrees).
“Dean Winchester, do you take this lawfully wedded man to be your husband?” Jody says, and Dean nods before he remembers that he actually has to say the words out loud. “I do.” He says.
“Are you sure you don’t mind?” Cas asks it so gently, and so fearfully, that Dean can feel his heart begin to soften. “Of course not.” He replies.
worth it, Dean. Whether you think so or not. You always will be and… You don’t owe me anything for what I did. I’m perfectly happy just being here-- unless you aren’t happy with that. In which case I can leave.”
there was anything special about him, but she did have a point. He was able to go against God and save Dean-- that had to be something, right? He thought back on the events that had happened in his existence, pondering them carefully. The leviathans, defying heaven, being controlled by Naomi… Maybe he was special, just not in a good way. Literally, his life had been pretty terrible. “What do you need me to do?” He asked.
He looks to Cas, then, and finds that the man is already looking at him-- albeit in concern. “Are you okay, Dean?” He asks quietly, and Dean gives a small shrug of his shoulders. This is a conversation for another place and time, one that requires a lot more balls and a lot less anxiety. It was gonna be a while for him to even consider the possibility of them having kids, and for now they were okay where they were.
“I don’t know if you can hear this, Cas-- I might just be talking to air for all I know, but, uh, I miss you. I… I can’t do this without you. I need you, I-” Cas can hear the inhale of a sharp breath, and he closes his eyes, imagining he’s there with the man. “I love you, too. You’re a goddamn idiot for dying like that right after saying that to me, y’know? If I knew before, when we still had time… Well, I get it’s useless to think about it now, but if there’s any chance you can come back-- any chance I can
After a while, Sam muttered, “Dude, you’re getting grease on my shirt, come on.” There was no annoyance behind his voice, though. It sounded broken and he could hear the man sniffle as he pulled away. “Are you guys crying already?” He heard Eileen say, and just like that, crying was turned into laughter. That’s how it went the rest of the night, and when Dean finally had to say goodbye, he felt lighter than he thought he would.
They headed out, Dean and his fireteam, Benny, Garth, and Jo. They are usually just asked to patrol peaceful villages surrounding Kaia, and that was what they were doing today.
“Yes,” Jimmy wasn’t sure to what he had just agreed to but it was true. He hadn’t minded as much as he would like to say. Jimmy got out of the car with only a short goodbye, not wanting to promise to anything else he didn’t know the meaning of tonight.
How Cas had never been allowed to read the iconic book still boggled Dean’s mind. He wanted nothing more now than to watch blue eyes scan the pages of the magical story (in more than one sense) with utter awe and obsession. To see the emotions Castiel would go through reading those books, all the ups and downs…triumphs and downfalls. To live the magic and escape life for a while. Yes, it would look amazing, Dean decided.
Jimmy finished off his pieces in time for the beginning logo, he hand stilled on the way to pull out another piece but the intro had him enchanted. Every second that went by, revealing the story little by little, left him wanting more. How had he missed this not been part of his childhood? Why had his parents kept him from his? Only one answer came to his mind: Pure evil.
Jimmy was really thankful for Castiel’s consideration. Jimmy also felt bad for him. Since Jimmy wasn’t strong enough he made a whole other person to push his own screwed up memories on. Jimmy made another just to ruin them. It was no wonder Castiel was so fucked up. But time and time again Castiel let Jimmy run away whenever that man was near. Castiel did more for him than his own mother. Sure Castiel didn’t take care of their need to eat or sleep most of the time but he fought the monsters and kept him as clean as possible.
His uncle was now thrusting into him finally at full force, holding nothing back. No preparation, no warning. And bees…the way they keep flowers and plants alive, assuring the next generation or foliage while helping themselves.
Dean let out an exasperated sigh and said, “Fine, I’ll take Sammy.” Mr. Winchester chuckled while Sam did his ‘bitch face’ as Dean would call it. Jimmy loved how the three bantered, but he loved it more when he was part of it.
Mrs. Novak let loose a whole-hearted smile, leaning forward to get closer to her brother. “You would do that for me? After all the trouble he has caused?”
“Are you serious?” The disbelief that was in Dean’s voice early was now tripled. It seem like he might go into some kind of heart failure if Jimmy confirmed, so he just nodded his head then let it fall in shame.
He just wanted to scream at the screen when he saw how the Dursleys treated poor Harry, Jimmy’s fists clenched. Suddenly there was a reassuring hand resting on his shoulder. He was grateful for the small comfort.
Finally, Castiel opened one of the notes, seemingly pissed off by the abundance of little piece of papers now stuffing his pocket. Of course it had to be most embarrassing note he had sent so far. Dean dropped his head into his arms, trying to hide the oncoming humiliation.
Castiel let out a huff, he quickly looked in his outbox, scrolling down to the first message to the number. He was shocked to see such a message, but once again he knows immediately who was responsible to this. He turned his head to glare at Balthazar but found the man was far too close to him for comfort, currently grinning like a beast.
“You’re an amazing cook.” Jimmy praised as he cut another piece of steak before humming while he chewed. He could feel Dean watching him, they were sitting so close and Jimmy knew all of the Winchesters had realized this closeness but none of them commented. It made Jimmy feel better to not see them judge his growing dependency on being close to Dean. He wasn’t sure how it had started, probably from the first time they were at lunch together, but now Jimmy found himself completely relaxed with almost all of his guards down around him. They sat with their legs joining at their inside knees all the way down to their feet. And every once in a while Dean would put part of his foot on top of Jimmy’s. Jimmy was thankful for the thin socks that they both wore, it just seemed like touching bare feet was extremely intimate.  He blushed for even thinking about it to this extent.
“Anna? Anna’s the baker? Honestly, it makes sense. She always looked up to Gabriel. Checks out  that she'd also do something in the culinary field. I gotta meet her soon.”
The inebriated state isn't the best one to make any decisions, period, and Dean especially shouldn't do so because he had a habit of losing his mind to body filters when wasted.
Dean looked back at Castiel's expectant face and memories passed through his head in that single moment. Memories he had tried to not remember in years. He thought of the past ten minutes and how free he had felt in the short amount of time. “I would love to.”
He switches his phone off and lets it fall from his hand. He stays on the impala for some time, he doesn't know how long. It could be ten minutes and three hours and he wouldn't know the difference. He thinks he cries, looking back up at the stars. He knows he hopes, hopes for a better time, when he doesn't have to worry about it all. No brothers being possessed by angels, no best friends being wronged by him.
They chatted about trivial stuff for a couple more minutes before Castiel's phone buzzed. He glanced at it and sighed, “This was really nice but my break’s over. Would you like to catch up sometime later?”
“Sammy’s great. You know how he is, a nerd. Yeah, he started law school. In California. But he's happy, so I'm happy.”
And Dean knew that, even though neither of them said it out loud, both of them were thinking about how different they were from before. He could see it in the way Castiel presented himself. He was more comfortable in his own skin and more confident in his movements. They had grown up beautifully too. Their jaw was sharper and their facial features were more defined. There was also a hint of stubble and slight bags under their eyes which they carried in a way that made them look rather endearing. Castiel's hair was still the same though, as were their eyes. The same deep blue, like an ocean ready to engulf you within.
Dean knew Cas was deflecting the topic because they couldn't handle when people focused on their achievements too much. It was something they both had in common. But he decided not to push him and instead took the bait for what it was.
Castiel smiled and replied, “I would love that. See you soon, Dean.” They leaned forward and kissed Dean's cheek and left him blushing at his car.
They split up the bill and walked out together. When they reached Dean's car, he slowed down and said, “This is me then. I really had an amazing time. I hope- I hope we can be friends again. I've missed you too.”
They talked about everything, from Castiel's pet possum to John Winchester's death two years ago. Dean had forgotten how easy it was to talk to Castiel. They had a habit of making the conversation so smooth and easy, and they always made Dean feel like he was truly being listened to. They seemed genuinely interested in everything he said and it felt like they were back in high school.
What if things did go nicely? Dean knew they were on a cliff of sorts. Behind him the land of his normal life he’d carved out there, at university as a normal mechanical engineering student, with his normal friends who he really liked. It was safe, he could just stay there. Or, he could jump. Jump into the raging water in front of him. Jump and let everything he'd held inside go. He could let the waves of the past crash into him and leave him satisfied and unscathed because it had been so long that it had no power over him anymore. He'd worked towards getting to this point, and now he had to take a leap.
There's silence on the other end. Dean closes his eyes, worried Castiel had cut the call. But he hears breathing. So he stays there, eyes still closed, hearing Cas breathe. And if he tries hard enough, he can imagine a warm body next to him, breath fanning his face, the rough texture of Cas’ stubble on his forehead.
He had just started working on his paper after gulping down half of his coffee when the seat across him was occupied by an apron less Castiel. He slid across the pie towards Dean, extra whipped cream and a couple of macaroons beside it. “On the house.”
His mother was out shopping when he got back, he had done a pretty good job avoiding her as of late.  Unfortunately, she didn’t like leaving the house unattended so she often left Metatron in charge. And his uncle was extremely harsh that evening, if what he woke up to was any indication.
“No, Dean, I have never played a video game.” His mother and father had thought they were the devils work. But then they had liked shows such as Godfather it wasn’t until he was older did he realize that they were hypocrites.
Dean tossed Jimmy his shoes and then went to join his dad. Sam and Jimmy followed, making easy conversation the whole way. He liked Sam, he was extremely intelligent and it was nice to have someone to talk with about historical occurrences. They had been talking about biblical Jerusalem in the Impala and now they picked up the conversation.  Really, he had some pretty interesting views, like: The bible had been a good story with good morals at the time that was taken extremely out of context.
Sam watched Dean rest his head onto the steering wheel, his body shaking as he tried to steady his breath, all he could do was lay a hand on his brothers shoulder. It was nearly enough.
They laid side by side on the bed, staring up at the ceiling, quietly breathing…waiting for the other to start up the conversation. Jimmy felt it his duty to give Dean a break with this. “So, you wanted to talk?”
The door to his room was pushed open, Metatron looming above him. Jimmy’s eyes went as wide as could be, his mouth hanging open slightly and all thoughts he had previous had completely forgotten about.
