“He’s got nothing on you and he never will,” John said. “Now go to sleep--you’ve got to be ready early tomorrow.”
“Listen, Owen. You have the pictures up in your office, don’t you? Of Moran’s victims?”
“The army,” he murmured and John, laughing, said, “Nope, farther back than that.” He reached to stroke Sherlock’s hair and then said, “I thought you didn’t like anybody.”
He clicked on her name.
“I don’t like
“I went all the way to Vietnam for it, you ungrateful git. Here.” He handed Sherlock the bowl.
The baby was born on a frigid day at the end of January. Mary had been having intermittent contractions for days, but she’d been to the midwife the day before and was told her cervix was still closed. “I’m nearly a week overdue already,” she groaned to John that night. “I’m going to just keep carrying on with no bloody progress and I’ll have to have an induction which won’t work and I’ll end up with a Caesarian and then I’ll have a scar
“Obviously,” Sherlock said, annoyed at being doubted, and hung up.
, Chapter 13, ‘Your baby this month’. ‘From thirty-two to thirty-five weeks…’”
Sherlock quirked a lopsided smile, but he seemed a bit distracted. John couldn’t really blame him. “Five pips, remember? He’s probably got something really spectacular planned.”
John blinked and sat up. The room was luminous with a pale glow he remembered well from back home in the north, the ghostlight that came when the whole of the visible world was covered in snow. Sherlock was kneeling by the bed in his white nightshirt like an angel, snow dusting his hair and lashes.
“This is
“Excellent, stay there. The Combined Task Force is coming round with dinner.”
The tray held what seemed to be a strange combination of afternoon tea and a ploughman’s: a pot of tea along with bread, butter, cheese, pickle, and a tiny dish of jam. Sherlock wasn’t particularly hungry, so he drank the tea while it was still hot and absently licked jam off a spoon as he read.
going to descend into this kind of petty squabble, he was going to eat his damn dinner and then go sleep upstairs. “Do what you like,” he said in a tight, controlled voice. “It’s not like you care what I think anyway.” He turned deliberately away.
“Yes. It ended badly, they say. You saved Lord Sherlock’s life, John.”
“Come back here.” John snapped his fingers in front of his face. “If we could get back to the point: yeah, I’ve definitely done my share of grinding—that’s exactly what it sounds like, but it’s a lot easier to get off like that when you’re younger, plus you can get some serious chafing—in dark corners, and plenty of hand jobs too. That would be the option I’d recommend if you’re really set on getting off tonight.” Somehow, the thought of some other bloke—even friendly Nick—pushing Sherlock to his knees or taking him on a bed seemed a lot more bothersome—because Sherlock wasn’t ready for that yet, he told himself.
“Craig’s on it.” Craig was the security guard.
Sherlock exhaled hugely and began to thrust, uncertainly at first, but soon his rhythm picked up and his long fingers clutched John’s hard enough to hurt, his breath going high-pitched and frantic in John’s ear. His long hair brushed John’s face with every thrust and John groaned into the pillow, “God, you’re lovely, come inside me, I want to feel you come—“
“But I like them with toast,” Sherlock said weakly.
“He looks like an alcoholic too, though his liver will tell us more,” Molly piped up.
John pulled back to take Sherlock’s face in his own hands. He could see himself in Sherlock’s huge pupils, his wide dazed eyes. “In German,” he whispered, kissing him. “Tell me in German.”
Sherlock had picked up the cough almost immediately, a wet hacking thing that kept them up nights. They were sleeping together again--they would have been half on top of each other in any case, and their first night in prison Sherlock had nudged his way back under John’s arm as though they were still twelve and fourteen--and at night John could hear the wheezing where he pressed against Sherlock’s back. Angelo had even given them one of his rolled-up blanket pillows.
The doctor sent everyone out and gave Sherlock an injection of antibiotics. “Are you hurt anyplace else?”
Like a combination of breeding stock and escort. This was followed by a medical report, which included a detailed exam so specific that John shut the file down, sickened.
Sherlock refused to tell John his plans, and since John could hardly stop him from doing whatever he had in mind in any case he finally gave up arguing. Sure enough, the next afternoon John was just finishing up checking on his patients in the long-term ward when Molly hurried in, her face anxious. John’s heart plummeted right into his shoes.
“She didn’t do anything. She disappeared. Turned up dead a while later.”
It did not take Sherlock very long to work out the problem with Trevor’s proposal; greater minds had gotten there before him. Trevor’s work had been published in the
“You have a seriously weird circle of friends, mate,” Owen said, still laughing.
“But you don’t--”
“No idea. But it’s bad for the Colonies, what’s left of them, anyway—or bad for the Empire holding the Colonies—because they’re totally isolated now. We’ve lost sea access with the Southeast. The Northeast is theoretically still passable, but that’s effectively been under Canadian control for years. So Central region is cut off and they’re hemorrhaging people to Canada, civilians and soldiers both. It was a trickle over the winter but it’s a flood now. We can’t keep spies in the Colonies because whole units are deserting and defecting.”
“Hmm.” Mycroft handed the phone back and picked up his fork to finish his now-cold food. “Will you send that to me?”
“But such a tasty mouthful,” Sherlock said. He had scrambled up the tree like a cat, gathering more plums from the high branches, and now he spat a pit too. “Oh, look at that, mine reached the river.”
Sherlock endured the polite chitchat until he’d finished his second biscuit and then began coughing and drooping in his chair, at which point Donovan decided they should let him rest. Pneumonia had its uses. John saw them to the door and returned to find Sherlock back on his laptop. “Were you faking that?”
Planning the christening really did seem good for Sherlock. They fell into a pattern, where once a week Mary came over on her day off, bringing lunch. They ate the food looking over hymns or flower arrangements or food ideas whilst Lily played with Mrs. Hudson’s wooden spoons. Sherlock seemed to eat all right when Mary was right there and he was distracted, but Mrs. Hudson told her that feeding him other times was difficult.
“Outer right chest. I’ll go down hard, it’ll look bad—but there’s no major blood vessels there and I could live some time with a pneumothorax. Move a bit away if you can just in case.”
Getting their trousers and pants off was a bit more awkward than the shirts had been and they bumped heads more than once, which made Michael laugh, and that turned into kissing and soon they were back down on the bed again, pressed together, only this time skin to skin. Sherlock had never felt anything like this. He couldn’t seem to get enough, pressing closer, sliding one leg up over Michael’s so that Michael’s hand caressed down his arse and then stroked him
Sherlock heard none of this from John, who would not speak to him, but from Mycroft. He went round to John’s the day after—not because he would be any use, or would know what to say, but it was what one did, wasn’t it?—and then stood in front of the house biting his lip until finally Harry opened the door.
“No, of course not, that was--” Sherlock suddenly broke off, hands frozen in mid-air, eyes and mouth wide. John found himself subconsciously comparing it to Sherlock’s expression during orgasm. For God’s sake, now the sight of Sherlock solving a case made him want to fuck him.
“Don’t worry, I don’t plan to speak to him again until we meet in court. I can’t wait for you to arrest him so I can refuse to bail him.”
Meg was horrified when she understood what had happened. She burst into tears of guilt and terror: endangering an omega was a crime, and even just being turned out of her job would be devastating. Sherlock had not spent the past several months watching Meg build his fires and fetch his trays without deducing everything about her, and he knew her family could not survive without her income.
“It’s beautiful.”
“What, has he taught you to read minds now too?” Owen was grinning. “Glad you managed to convince him you’re an improvement over the serial rapist. I could tell you wanted to.”
“I do,” Sherlock whispered into his chest. “I do.”
Sherlock: (Clearly thinking “This village is so bucolically boring that I would rather claw my own eyeballs out of my skull than look at it another minute”) … (Opens mouth. Hesitates.)
“When can you do it?”
,” Willfen snapped. He stepped forward to loom over her. “Give me the damn keys and—“
John was on his feet without even realizing. “No,” he said, too loudly in the silent church.
wondered if Sherlock’s reticence had some darker antecedent, but his amusement seemed genuine enough.  “Okay, snogging with intent where you were a willing participant. Or, ah, any kind of mutually consenting touching with or without snogging.” He’d had a few encounters of the purely utilitarian variety himself. “Kissing, groping, hand jobs, blow jobs, shagging.”  They had certainly got off the topic of Wanda Earles, he thought, wryly amused.
“Are you mad?” Sherlock hissed. “You can’t possibly trust
“Do you have a cloth, or anything?” John asked the finely-dressed man sitting opposite. He was warming quickly in the enclosed space, so at least his teeth were no longer chattering. “He’s bleeding pretty badly.”
“The second time wasn’t your fault,” John said fairly.
“I want you to affirm my status as your mate through simulated grooming and reiteration of my desirable qualities,” Sherlock said in a rush.
John’s unyielding gaze pinned him. “And after that?”
The man looked up, his weather beaten face open and cheerful. “Aye?”
Sherlock subsided, although John could see his pale eyes scanning their companions. He knew Sherlock was trying to keep himself distracted. If John hadn’t been so worried about attracting attention, he might have enjoyed hearing whatever Sherlock came up with, but the last thing they needed right now was an enraged guard. Or wife murderer.
“What?” Sherlock said in bewilderment, his mouth still full of scone. “I meant when we’re sleeping!”
“James Allen,” Mabel Donaldson said. She had agreed to talk to them if they came to the parish hall where she was arranging tables for a dinner, still sharp-eyed and bossy well into her seventies. “Oh, I remember him. Irish boy, rather shy. Lived with his grandparents. I think he had a tutor. Never saw the grandmother—at
“I want to be tested. Sebastian was meticulous about condoms but still…” Sherlock gestured toward the laptop. “I don’t want to take any chances.”
“—but Araceli was small,” Roz said. “Not even five feet.”
For the first time since the basement, Sherlock let himself think about home. He visited the garden, and watched John and Mary and the baby together and happy in the warm sun; they were as safe as he could make them, and there was comfort in that. London would survive without him just as she had before, he supposed. It didn’t matter. He was tired: tired of being in pain, and of being afraid, and of the dreams.
Sherlock filled him in, quick and concise, and Angus shook his head. “There hasn’t been a peep from the king since the attacks. Not much news at all, matter o’ fact. The official word is that the army has everything under control and martial law is still in effect. Not that it makes much difference up here, you understand.”
“That’s not a problem,” Mary said. Her expression had shifted, from shock to focused concentration. “I’ve money in reserve from before. Numbered account, everything memorized. I can take care of all that later. The priority right now is getting out.”
“Of course not.” Her smile was warm. “You take your time now, dear.”
He’d buy me a drink, make a move, nothing too out there, be just a bit pushy so that, you know, I could tell myself I was drunk and just going along. He’d know exactly what I wanted.” He laughed a little, remembering, and looked back at Sherlock. “Too bad you weren’t—“
oh, he would do very well.  Sherlock had always sought out the hardest, roughest sex available. Partly it was his aversion to light touch, partly a need to surrender, to just let go. The morning after his last encounter, he’d looked at John hovering solicitously and knew with despair that it was also because he would never have anything more. No one was going to want Sherlock for anything but his body; he’d established that at university. If he couldn’t have what he really wanted, then he would take the farthest thing from it.
Mrs. Hudson refilled his coffee and settled opposite him with her own, unaware of Sherlock’s existential crisis. “The bathroom’s all right, mostly, but there’s no water of course, and no electricity either. There’s the bath in 221C though. I gave it a good clean yesterday so you’ll be able to use that, and I brought down your things.”
“But you’re good at it.”
John realized as they went through the Sainsbury’s that he liked Simon Fallows. He seemed to combine the best qualities of John’s old commanding officer with Greg Lestrade, and John’s first, instinctive burst of jealousy had given way to gratitude that Simon had an eye on Sherlock whilst John was in London.
Sherlock felt much better after Mrs. Hudson’s fry-up, and better still when he was washed and shaved and dressed in clothes that didn’t seem to carry the reek of the Musgrave marshes. Looking at his reflection, he thought that to anyone he else he probably looked perfectly normal; looked, in fact, exactly like the man he had been a few months ago.
Everything seemed to blur together after that. He was aware of drinking frantically, desperate for relief from both the thirst and his own awareness, of the ache in his arms and legs from his constant frantic rutting and pumping. He heard his own hoarse voice, distantly. He tried to fuck himself with one of the empty water bottles and found that he could press it in in such a way as to mimic—he assumed—the pressure of a knot, which finally made him come hard enough that he actually blacked out for a brief, blissful stretch of time. When he woke, his arms were so rubbery from exhaustion that he could barely reach for a fresh bottle. Within minutes he was rocking again, driven by the desperate pulsing need between his legs:
Inside Sherlock found himself in a short low-ceilinged passage: evidently the lighthouse had had a bigger light put in at some point, and the builders had simply constructed a second tower around the first. The whitewashed interior seemed dim and quiet after the wind and bright sun outdoors. In the center, a wrought-iron staircase twisted dizzyingly upward in a narrow spiral. Sherlock found the corners of his mouth twitching upwards in spite of everything: a whole lighthouse all to himself! Get on with it, he reminded himself again
“…and I swarm up the rigging and leap from rope to rope until I’ve left them all behind. I swing down and snatch a sword from one of the officers and end by dueling with the first mate on the deck. Everyone is standing around in a circle gasping and cheering, until I disarm the first mate and press the point of my sword to his neck.” Sherlock shrugged. “Obviously this was an evolution of an earlier fantasy. I think I was learning fencing at the time, so sometimes I never got past that bit before I fell asleep. ‘Give me what I want and I’ll let you live,’ I say to the mate, who gasps out, “What do you want?’ And I say, “I want to join the crew.’”
Sherlock looked at a small curl of black smoke collecting in a stoppered flask. “Oh, that’s just a byproduct. I’ll vent it in a bit.”
. He folded it over once and handed it to Mike.
“Yeah.
“Oh. Well, you see Ir—Commander Adler—she’s told me I’m free to use her library whenever I like, and it’s quite large, so…I signed up for cookery instead. I never really learnt much about cooking before and I suppose it could come in handy.”
“Who?”
John could see it: Sherlock’s legs spread wide, all stretched out and fucked open and filled with John’s come, just waiting for John to fill him again. He realized with a small shock of surprise that he had not been thinking about that fictitious girl at all. It was Sherlock he wanted, Sherlock he wanted his teammates to see him fucking and claiming: Sherlock with his long legs and white neck and piercing eyes. The most brilliant, beautiful man John had ever known.
“They’ll never think to look here. In the meantime we should look around,” Sherlock said. He didn’t like her stillness, the blankness in her eyes; it reminded him of the Abbey. “See if we can find anything that could be useful.”
“So you’re saying…what? He had relationships?”
Patience.
Mycroft gave him his usual flat thin line of a smile. “Of course I do.”
“I know.” That did sober John, a little, but he could still feel the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “But it’s progress. And progress is good, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” the boy whispered back. “Don’t cross him--he
“When you came in today, you told me that you wanted to work on resolving your anger toward your wife. That you wanted to be able to move past your feelings of betrayal and mistrust before your child was born.”
keep Boffin Bill off the street for years to come. So? Are we going?”
Michael slid his hand around again to the front of Sherlock’s trousers and whispered, “Okay if I take these off?”
Sherlock curled his good arm under him, not yet ready to try to get to his feet. He was exhausted, and hurt, and torn, and he felt that he would give literally anything for a drink of water. I’d give my right arm, he thought, it’s no good anymore anyway, and felt a tiny bubble of hysterical laughter rise in his throat. It broke into a sob on his next thought: Hey Mary, guess what? The sob was a dry broken sound, loud in the silent darkness. Sherlock wanted to cry, but he seemed to have no moisture left. He wanted to go home. He wanted his flat, his sofa, his own soft pajamas and dressing gown, Mrs. Hudson puttering about, John reading by the fire. He wanted his brother.
The Woman’s eyes narrowed. Her face was no longer playful; it was deadly still.
“Collinsworth, Colllinsworth,” Lestrade muttered, apparently typing something into a laptop. “Yeah, here it is. Case is closed though. No evidence of foul play.”
Hmmm. What kind of stressful work had Lady Smallwood done before she’d been exiled to the domestic sphere? She’d clearly been in a position of some authority. Sherlock watched her covertly, but if there were marks of her former profession to be found, she’d left it too long ago for him to find them. There was something about her almost deliberate blandness that made him think of high-stakes negotiators; a solicitor? A businesswoman? Something in which she was well-versed in giving nothing away. Lady Smallwood was now lifting various embroidered objects up for display: a christening gown, some sort of table runner…would anyone notice if he fell asleep?
“John, you are the only thing I am sure of.” Sherlock was a little surprised John could be in any doubt. “You know you are. You are the one fixed point in a changing world.”
“Sherlock, seriously, how did you know he got his tattoos in Hong Kong? Have you ever even been in Hong Kong?”
John closed his eyes, summoning up the sense memories: Sherlock crowding John behind a door to hide, all cold air and wool and adrenaline; the clean scent of his damp curls as John leaned over his shoulder to refill his coffee; the silky brush of his dressing gown. John hadn’t really let himself think about this before, to fantasize about Sherlock, and suddenly he desperately wanted to, and yet…it seemed wrong, somehow. To think about Sherlock like that, without him knowing. And also a bit too much like counting his chickens. John firmly replaced the cap on the shampoo bottle, consoling himself with the thought that at least he could enjoy a decent wank in this shower for once without the hot water running out or Sherlock barging in.
Sherlock told Janine about what he had learned from Kitty, downing two espressos as she polished off the crème brulee. When he had finished she licked the spoon, thinking, then dropped it onto the dish with a clatter and said decisively, “All right, I’m in. Magnussen’s a right arsehole and I’d love to see him go down. You’re barking up the wrong tree though—he only picks on people he
“None of them. Talitha was the girl who had the slot between you and me, at Ella’s.”
Lestrade and Sherlock argued the matter vociferously all the way to Lestrade’s car, in which Sherlock was consenting to ride only because it would get them to Brighton faster.
. Did Carl Powers have some kind of skin condition? He must have done: Sherlock would need to go through his clippings again. Actually, now that he thought about it, wasn’t there something, something about the missing shoes…
The hotel’s air conditioning was dialed down to freezing and John, who was overfull of tortilla chips and fajitas and feeling slightly hallucinatory from jet lag, had the vague sensation of being in outer space. Condensation ran down the windows. Sherlock had abandoned his luggage by the door in his impatience to get at Andrea Chisolm’s case file, so John carried everything through to the bedroom, cleaned his teeth, and found ESPN on the enormous wall-mounted television. He stuck his head through the doorway. “I’m going to sleep,” he told Sherlock. “You going to be up all night?”
“And Moriarty sacrificed his mistress,
“And you’re not mine, though there was a time I’d have made an exception. But in that case…why come all the way here? I’m not exactly a madam—not for what you want, anyway—and you could easily find someone closer—“
So John had known. But he’d been expecting someone small and delicate and pretty—had been expecting a woman, in fact, which was ridiculous. He knew perfectly well that there were male omegas and, given their propensity to breed true, they were likely to be highly valued. Brother Bathsheba was neither small nor delicate. He was tall and strong and lithe as a panther, all feral grace and coiled strength. He had caught John completely off guard.
“And when we got to France?” John said, half exasperated and half amused. “What was going to happen to me then?”
“What, that—that ‘Shades of Grey’ stuff? Only what the women all reading it at work—oh. OH. You think
“I hope Mr. Brooke went to Europe,” Sherlock said softly.
village,” Sherlock said.
The shoes. Sherlock felt the knowledge like an electric jolt up his spine. James had the shoes at his house. He was going to show him. He was going to tell.
“No one would steal from
Sherlock. Sherlock not in the flat where he belonged but instead apparently gone home with some unknown choirboy assassin who was not only twice John’s size but who fucking outranked him. Fuck. How had
“The civilian’s safe, that’s what matters, and Moran’s none the wiser. We’ll talk tomorrow. I’ve got to go, that’s my boss ringing back.”
John opened his eyes and looked over at him. “Is that how you got that scar? It looks like a knife wound.”
Aronsen didn’t miss a beat. “Absolutely. My deal with the DA applied only to you, Mr. Harmon.”
They walked over the practice yards and stables, Gregson introducing John to everyone they met.
“I’ve already got the email set up to send to the entire Scotland Yard mailing list,” Sherlock said happily, holding up the phone. Lestrade’s face appeared on the screen, saying in a quivering voice that made him sound like an eager thirteen-year-old girl: “Please, Sherlock, tell me about John’s penis.”
,” he told John. “And they’re quite old--far older than this building; I think maybe there was an abbey here previously. Some of them are walled off but I think I’ve found a way to get back there--I’m just waiting for the opportunity to try it.”
“Water,” Sherlock croaked.
Mycroft regarded John with narrowed eyes, but John had had plenty of practice at dealing with Mycroft’s stare-off technique over the years. He stared back, utterly implacable. Mycroft finally broke, twisting his mouth again, and took another sip of his drink.
“When was the last time you heard from her?”
“She said something about tickets,” Sherlock said vaguely.
I’ve only got a minute here.”
Chapter 8: From Psalm 137: “By the waters of Babylon we lay down and wept, remembering Zion”.
Sherlock was outraged. “How am I supposed to track down Moriarty if I’m on house arrest?”
It was fantastic.
This was clearly more than enough small talk for Sherlock. “Mrs. Benning,” he said. “It’s evident that you and your sister were quite close, but in your interview you made no mention of the fact that she had been severely depressed. Why is that?”
John thought happily that he was very likely the only person alive ever to have seen Mycroft Holmes flabbergasted. It was immensely satisfying. “Yep.”
“I did call him Charlie because that’s what we called him when he was little, but he wants to be called Rowan, so call him Rowan,” Mummy said, frowning into the pantry. “Am I really out of flour? Mikey, would you mind terribly dashing over to the village?”
Towel around his hips, Sherlock stood with his head low, hoping she could not see his shame. The matron studied the teardrops of pink burn marks and said, “They won’t scar. I’ll get some salve and send someone to fetch some more clothes.”
They exchanged numbers and John set out, pleasantly tipsy and wondering if Sherlock would actually tell him anything if John asked about Moran. Probably not. He’d undoubtedly still be awake, though, so maybe John could find some way to bring it up…without Sherlock noticing…okay, that was unlikely. Well, maybe he could at least convince Sherlock to let him have a bit of a lie-in and tackle barmy old Bill in the afternoon.
“Who? The composer?” They had met Sherlock’s replacement as composer-in-residence, a dark-eyed, restless woman who wrote a great deal of crashing discordant music and according to Simon spent hours walking the countryside.
Sherlock kissed him, surprising John. He was catching onto the cuddling quite well. “Only sometimes,” he said and rolled off onto his back.
Sherlock saw the whole chain as though someone had drawn him a picture: Moriarty to Faith Smith, Faith to Culverton Smith, Smith to Pitts. “What did he say?”
John retuned from his afternoon rounds to find an unfamiliar car sitting behind the house. He came around and rapped on the window.
“Oh sure, things are fine. I’ve a date for this weekend and I need a background check.”
Sherlock deflated. “Oh,” he said, furiously trying to think of something that would keep John with him for the evening. “But I’m starving! I’ve been working on this case for two days!”
“Certainly not,” Mycroft said. “I plan on getting you as far away from this situation as possible. I’m transporting you to Switzerland tonight. The accommodations will be more pleasant, and it will be harder for you to…change your mind about cooperating.”
“Is that what you usually do?” John asked, curious. He had never really thought about it.
John laced their fingers together and rocked slowly, just barely moving inside him. The sensation was not entirely comfortable, the drag a half step below a burn even with all the lube John had used, but Sherlock breathed in and out and concentrated on the feeling of John’s hands holding his and after a bit his body began to relax.
“Well.” She shrugged, putting the backs of her hands to her red cheeks. “He’s all right, I guess.”
Maya’s turned out to be noisy and low-ceilinged with fairy lights strung everywhere, but John found it oddly cozy. A pretty dark-haired waitress arrived as soon as they sat down for drink orders, and Roz said, “Sweet tea with lemon.”
Lestrade fiddled with his phone a minute and held it up, and John heard his own slurred voice saying, “…and when I’m inside him it’s like he goes into a trance, like it’s so amazing he can’t even process, and he looks at me like I’m, I don’t know, like I’m the face of God, and can you imagine what a rush that is?”
“Sweet tooth, of course.” Irene speared a bit of fruit and nibbled delicately. “So I might have something, but I need to run a few things first by you first. You don’t mind traveling, I assume?”
Awesome art for this chapter by khorazir
“Well, I was then, but now I want more.”
John rolled his eyes and said, “Right. Bit more work to do, I think,” and carried the bulging stachel out to the horses. “Don’t get on yet, I want to check the girth.”
Mrs. Reilly sighed again, making her displeasure at retelling her story as blatant as possible. “I’ve already told the Inspector. He said it was time Brother Hosea got out of bed, that he should bathe and get dressed, and he gave me some pills for his nerves. The doctor even said he could have a drop of spirits if he’d a mind, just for the moment, you understand. Well, that cheered him up. It was late afternoon when the doctor left so he had to wait to have his bath until after dinner, but directly we’d done the washing up Alison went to draw it.”
The door swung outward and a hand pushed the coats aside; Sherlock turned the light back on and saw Teddy, smiling at him. “Were you awake? I would have called your name, but I realized I didn’t know it.”
“Sherlock—“
Sherlock sniffed. “Don’t eat the chocolate ones.”
He ran down eventually. When his throat was too sore to rage anymore Sherlock slumped, forehead resting on his drawn-up knee, hands still squeezing his injured ankle. His eyes were closed, but he could feel the merciless drumming of rain on his soaked shoulders. A tiny part of him was half expecting Mycroft to pull up in a Land Rover and scoop him up and he felt a last flare of exhausted annoyance when this did not occur.
Sherlock sniffed dismissively. “We need to go back to Lady Fitz-Hugh-Curtis and get a list of her friends. I’ll ask for ones who use the same hairdresser, that’s a good pretext.”
He saw the man’s eye shift again, saw him think about lying, saw him glance back at Sherlock’s uniform. He couldn’t know how much Sherlock knew already. “Four. Two went to look for you, one’s gone to the dock to see about a boat. The one in charge is back at the house.”
“I’ve had worse bedmates. I’ll sleep right through whatever you do, unless you jump through the window again.”
That night Sherlock stood by the glass doors with the lights off, looking out at the night sky. The moon had not yet risen and the stars were a blazing glitter, so bright they reflected off the still surface of the fjord below. Sherlock had his violin on his shoulder with the bow resting loosely on the strings. He wasn’t composing, or thinking about what to play next; he was waiting to see what the music had to tell him. He closed his eyes, listening, and then drew the bow softly across the A string: a question. Something about the intonation tripped something in his memory and he pushed the bow back up, placing his finger on the string halfway through, A-D, then the E string, E-G. Yes. He paused, then went back to the introductory adagio. Sherlock hadn’t played the piece in years: he preferred the livelier pieces of the classical repertoire, Bach and Mozart and Vivaldi. He was probably making a great many mistakes, but that didn’t matter. He played it all the way through, from the slow pleading through the desperate run of chords, and when he had finished he drew the bow all the way off the strings and let final note of longing linger in the air.
Mrs. Hudson’s tea tray was unexpectedly festive with little sandwiches and tarts. “It’s my cards night tonight,” Mrs. Hudson explained, setting it carefully on the table. “First Friday of the month. We’re meant to take it in turns to host, but nobody wants to come back here after that time with the grenades, you remember, Sherlock…not everyone has my nerve, you know, and I think that man running through after he’d been set on fire quite put some of them off.”
flat?” Sherlock was shouting. “She didn’t know he was married! Of course she didn’t work it out! She’s an idiot! Why aren’t you trashing your husband’s things instead?’
In the end John gave in. He really didn’t have a choice. Sherlock was long gone by now, and John had no idea where—for all he knew Sherlock and Moriarty were dueling at dawn in Pall Mall. He let himself be transferred over to a black car with tinted windows in an underground parking garage, driven around in circles some more, and finally taken to a small and utterly forgettable house somewhere in the suburbs.
“I’ve always been on my own,” Molly answered matter-of-factly, pushing her hair back into her cap in the old familiar gesture. “I was more worried about Dr. Woodcourt doing without me, but now that he’s taken Ernie on as his new protégé I think he’ll be fine.”
“I think you’ve grown,” John said in surprise. They had been ankle-deep in straw for weeks--he hadn’t noticed Sherlock’s trousers were now too short.
Mycroft sipped his coffee and said, “There’s no need to be so cantankerous, Sherlock. I am here because you texted me, after all.”
“Sherlock—“ John was up, trying to peer over his shoulder while Sherlock struggled to evade him, but Sherlock made the mistake of trying to go forward,
“—no, wait, I forgot, Mike’s coming over to help us set up the cot, but—“
“All right. I promise. Can I tell you
Sherlock told John all about Peter Ricoletti. “Why would a criminal retire from Italy to England? I thought people usually retired to
Mycroft, who had just raised his pint to his lips, lowered it without taking a drink. He had just finished trouncing the entire pub at darts. “Ah. I had my suspicions, but his rooms were searched every time he was hospitalized, and no weapon was found. He must have learned some new hiding techniques in prison.” He frowned. “How do you suppose he obtained it?”
“You—
“You could have said,” Holmes said sulkily. His forehead was beaded with sweat and he was gritting his teeth against the pain. Agra sympathized: just because the wound wasn’t lethal didn’t mean it didn’t hurt like hell.
Sherlock took the whisky doubtfully, but he would rather die than admit to Rowan he’d never tried it, so he took a swig. It set his eyes to watering and made him cough. “Careful!” Rowan said, laughing and smacking him between the shoulder blades. “If you’re going to chug go back to the beer. This is for sipping.”
When they met later that day John filled Sherlock in on the new headmaster.
John’s fingers dug into his wrists and Sherlock opened his eyes to see John’s mouth drop into a perfect O as he gave a hard thrust. Sherlock’s mouth filled with thick bitterness and he swallowed around John’s cock, which made John thrust again hard as he pulsed, causing Sherlock’s nose to starburst with fresh pain. Finally John exhaled “Ohhh,” and pulled out, letting go of Sherlock’s wrists and collapsing to the side. Sherlock’s arms slumped, limp nerveless appendages, and John rolled onto his side and rubbed Sherlock’s wrists, stroking his hair and face with his other hand. “Hey,” he said softly and kissed Sherlock sweetly as Sherlock forced his eyes to focus. “Your nose is bleeding.”
“Positive for cocaine. Well, well, well.”  Sherlock had the ridiculous look he got on his face when he was torn between gloating over his own cleverness and berating everyone else for their idiocy.
He’d have thought he’d run out of tears to shed the past few weeks—oh, all right, months, ever since Mary died—but this was like a dam breaking; he couldn’t seem to make himself stop.
Sherlock frowned. His heart began to beat uncomfortably. “Know what?”
They drove in silence for a bit, Sherlock still thinking about unhappy couples…there was something there, something he needed to follow up on, he just wasn’t sure what it was yet-- and then Roz said, “We’d better go round to the FBI. I promised Mike we’d check in.”
“Sick fuck,” John added.
A strange flicker passed over Brendan’s face, like a gust of wind over water. It was gone so quickly Sherlock almost thought he had imagined it, leaving Brendan’s face as blank as before.
“What’s it like there?” Annie asked, so John told them about the tiny village, the long winters and treeless moors.
the people I care about so you can gloat over your superior detachment?”
“Oh, I must go,” Molly said suddenly, looking at her watch. “I’m meant to be meeting my mum at church for services.”
John’s heartbeat picked up. “I understand from what you said before that you are in a bit of trouble,” he began carefully. “It’s possible--”
But before he could cross the hall to join Mike John found himself corralled by Flea.
Teddy smiled in a way that reminded John very much of Irene. “How old do you want me to be?”
“Oh, just shut
“I’m all right, I’m fine, I just--I’m so happy to see you.” Sherlock beamed at him. “And I'm glad you aren't furious with me. I tried to send a note to the hospital, but I had to give it to a street urchin, and I think he ran off with my coin--Pip said you never received word. Here, get dressed.” He shoved a pile of clothing into John’s arms.
“I will.”
“Take this,” Sherlock hissed and shoved one end of a mattress into John’s chest. He had pulled all the bedclothes off one of the beds and was now trying to force the mattress out the window. Yulia, catching on, was dragging sheets off the other.  John got one end of the mattress over the windowsill—it was too wide, but the mattress was flimsy enough that it bent into a U fairly easily—and shoved until  he felt the end come to rest on the fire escape. Sherlock took the next mattress and pushed it through as well, making a trough-shaped bridge. John stared at it dubiously.
“Oh dear,” Dr. Woodcourt said, handing the paper quickly to John. “John, if you see Mike, tell him to come to the orphanage, would you? I must be off.”
Sherlock’s rare quick smile flashed and John grinned back. “Now you’ve got me curious. Not that I’m keen to try it, mind, but how do you burn ants with a magnifying glass?”
The next several days passed in a blur. At times John felt as if time were passing incredibly slowly--hour after hour of cleaning and bandaging and coaxing patients to drink--and yet he would blink and somehow day had changed to night. When his hands began shaking he would snatch quick meals in the wardroom, downing cups and cups of tea drunk standing or sitting briefly to make notes. When he was too exhausted to see straight he would stumble upstairs to the orderlies’ dormitories and sleep in the first empty bed he found, regardless of the hour, until someone shook his shoulder to take his place.
“No, that guy’s a got a kid, I’m pretty sure he’s—how did you know about the Marines?”
“Oh that. Her mother had been a servant in a great house. Seduced by the son, discovered by the mother, cast out without a reference, found herself with child, came to the attention of my mother, established in the village as a seamstress with the polite fiction of being widowed. I assume she worried that her daughter would have difficulty making a good marriage, and so obliged her to accept the first offer that came her way.”
Sherlock nodded, hot and shamed and desperate, trying fruitlessly to grind himself up into Rowan’s still hand. “You want more?” Rowan whispered and Sherlock nodded again, trying to speak but managing only a pathetic sort of whimper. Rowan laughed and his hand squeezed Sherlock’s neck, which felt good, but it didn’t matter because at the same time he was undoing Sherlock’s buttons with deft fingers and sliding his hand into Sherlock’s pants. Sherlock jerked as though he’d been electrocuted. He tried to dig his fingers into the sofa but the smooth leather gave no purchase. His fingers scrabbled, desperate for something to hold onto, finally clutching at Rowan’s own thigh and his own hair. The flat was spinning around him, the strange flat with its dimmed halogen light and the CD playing and the smell of the leather, everything spinning around the sensation of Rowan’s hand stroking him. This can’t really be happening, Sherlock thought hazily, I’m dreaming this; this handsome near-stranger, this twenty-five-year-old man, cannot be getting me off on a leather sofa, this isn’t my life—but just then Rowan, who had been quickening his pace, stroked his thumb in just the right spot and Sherlock came, thrusting frantically into his half-brother’s fist.
“Well, we have nothing to lose,” Mycroft said and rang off.
Sherlock scowled out of habit, but really Mycroft had been remarkably restrained throughout the whole affair. For Mycroft, anyway. “Yes. I am. Thank you,” he added after a moment, not too grudgingly.
“We’ll talk about that later,” Patrick said. “Right now we need to be going; it’s getting close to curfew.”
“—tracking down your own traitor?”
Rosemary Allen opened the door to her windswept cottage and Sherlock felt that prickle again. Mrs. Allen was old, with short-cropped snow white hair and a hunch to her back, but her flat, dark eyes were Jim Moriarty’s.
Sherlock took a deep breath and said, “Come back when you’re ready to stay.”
“And then you’ll spend the rest of the weekend flat on the sofa in pain or sleeping off the muscle relaxants. What’s the point of that? And you’re already driving me back Sunday. Twice in a weekend is too much.” The bus only ran twice a day on Sunday.
“Hey,” Lestrade said, looking awkward. He crossed the room and perched on the edge of the sofa, clasping his hands. “Hell of a mess.”
“It’s not perfect—I can hear what you say on the phone and if you’re close by, or it’s in your pocket, but not if you leave it in another room. Anyway. That was close. I had to get up there, get it in, get out before you were out of the shower and be down at Speedy’s well before you got there. It was worth it though.” Garrison’s grin was feral. “At first I was so confused—why is he meeting a guy? Who the hell is this? And then finally I realize who it is, but what’s the great Sherlock Holmes doing hidden away in the country and why hasn’t Watson met him before? But then it was okay.” He looked at Sherlock with an expression almost of affection on his face. “Because you gave me the proof I’d been looking for all that time.”
“Neither did I,” Sherlock said, sounding distinctly out of breath.
“That laptop there.” Sherlock made room on the desk. “Would you like tea?” he asked, pleased with himself for remembering.
Molly had come to visit them in Sussex to bring Sherlock a grisly set of autopsy photos. “Is that some sort of revenge for John’s mustache?”
“Not a big one. It won’t be crowded.”
Sherlock did have a knack. He had the buttons back on by the time John had finished wiping down the kitchen. “I suppose we’d best be getting on then,” he said, hanging up the dishtowel, and Sherlock said quickly, “I just want to see the bees first, if it’s not too much trouble.”
John would be embarrassed, or angry, or embarrassed and angry, and it would be because of Sherlock. And if the worst possible thing happened and John did give up on him (
Callie burst out laughing. “You haven’t done this much, have you?”
” He dropped the notebook, whirled around, clutched his hair, and pointed wildly at John. “Get Lestrade! Tell him to fetch out Gregson from whatever administrative hellhole she inhabits now. Tell him
Sherlock leaned his head against the bus window and closed his eyes. He heard the burr of the engine and the rumble of the tyres, and then he realized he was hearing music: his loneliness and un-loneliness humming in counterpoint in his head. All of a sudden, Sherlock had his concerto.
“Bro—“ Sherlock began and then cut himself off, gritting his teeth. “Sorry. I was given a new name, and they didn’t take kindly to our not using them. My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
“Has he said anything about staff? Will he be hiring servants?”
John blinked and stretched his chilled, stiffened limbs. He looked out of the cave entrance. Sure enough, the rain had stopped, although the leaves dripped a slow, steady rhythm onto the wet ground. A faint grey mist covered everything. He could just make out the solid shapes of the horses in the pale, indistinct light of early morning.
“That would be very kind, my Lord.” John smiled politely and touched his cap. He went back to the stables, and, under cover of the general mayhem, ducked inside and slipped into the dark quiet of the tack room. He went straight to Sherlock’s old saddle and rested his forehead against it, as though it still retained some hint of Sherlock’s presence. The longing felt like a weight on his chest. “I miss you,” he whispered into the cool leather. “Oh, I miss you.”
“Well now,” Moriarty said pleasantly. He had pulled out a handgun, a bit large and bulky for hiking, but he looked well used to handling it. “I
“Mycroft would have already hired him if he had,” Sherlock murmured, eyes fixed on his screen.  “You’d have finished that an hour ago if you hadn’t kept checking your email.”
“What’s the piece?”
“That’s how it is in relationships. No two people are always going to want the same thing at the same time, it just isn’t possible. That’s why it takes work.”
“Will you stay then?”
“I know Ronald Adair,” Sherlock said in surprise. “I thought he’d given up gambling. And he certainly wasn’t the sort to cheat.”
“One, two, three,
“In another country,” Sherlock said. “We live here now.” He did not know if he would ever want to speak to anyone, even John, about the things that had happened back then, but it didn’t matter. For the first time, he had hope that he could go forward.
“No need, I enjoyed the walk. Beautiful country around here.”
“Order fast, they’re piling up out there,” she said. “I’m off.”
“Sure. Why not?”
“Absolutely.”
“Oh.” Sherlock could almost hear Molly chewing her lip. “Well, I suppose she can be as unbearable as she likes then.  Poor thing.”
John laughed. “Phillips was the first one out the door!
“All right. And then on special occasions.”
” John said through his teeth. He felt nauseated with fury at the idea of this man listening to him with Sherlock.
John panted for a few minutes as well, supporting himself over Sherlock on his hands and knees, then leaned over and pulled the loose ends to free Sherlock’s wrists. He got up, staggered to the en suite, washed his hands, and returned with a wet flannel to find Sherlock already fast asleep. John shook his head, smiling, though he himself was so knackered he could barely keep his feet. He pulled off the blindfold and wiped Sherlock’s face and belly, then manhandled him under the covers and onto his side of the bed. His last act before he himself fell deeply asleep was to pull Sherlock into his arms to sleep curled against his chest, just as Sherlock would have done if he’d been awake.
The unrest had continued sporadically over the summer, mainly in the dockyards and mines, although Parliament had promised to take up at least the Fair Wages Act in the fall. That had calmed things a bit.
“Pub.”
“Tell me from the beginning,” Sherlock said when Watson had started the car.
They went to Florence so Sherlock could go to Ricoletti’s art college and get a look at his early works. This probably wasn’t strictly necessary, but it was helpful, and they had some extra money from all the cases Sherlock had recently solved and he rather thought John deserved a bit of a holiday. It was a lovely trip with loads of food and wine and lazy sex, and Sherlock came back with a huge roll of full-scale copies of Ricoletti’s early paintings. He got these scanned to make digital copies, and then disappeared into a multiple-computer frenzy of searching.
Mostly he didn’t need it though. Once he was clean Lestrade let him work on really interesting cases, and he even started getting a few paying clients, which meant that he could think about getting his own real flat and out of the dull little horror Mycroft was subsidizing. Which was how he met John Watson, and John turned out to be the best thing of all. Sherlock had never had a friend before—he’d rather ruthlessly deleted ever wanting one—and while he’d gotten a lot better at charming people when he felt like it, having someone actually
On a rather cold and unpleasant day in February he met a charming elderly woman in a café called Speedy’s.
Something hard struck him in the side and he inadvertently yelped in pain, sucking in river water, but he kept his wits enough to grab at it with one nerveless hand. An oar, thank God; he clung to it and was pulled a little way out of the water, to where he could at least breathe. He heard shouting, and then the oar rocked alarmingly as Sherlock’s wet weight was pulled off him. John tried to reach for the side of the boat with his now-free hand, but his limbs had lost all strength and in the end the boatmen had to haul him over the edge too.
“Hey,” Sally Donovan said. Sherlock wondered whether this was her usual phone salutation, or whether she had not been able to settle on a form of address since their recent cessation of hostilities. “So you were right about those photos. When we asked the victim’s boss straight out, he remembered she’d complained about getting some weird notes a few weeks back, but he thought she was just trying to get out of working the late shifts. We blew up the guy’s face and showed him around and sure enough someone remembered him and better yet, he’d paid with a credit card.”
And John abruptly seized him from behind. “Sherlock, run!”
“Really? That’s brilliant! You’ll have to show me everything when I get back.”
“So, Charles Augustus Magnussen,” John said, returning from showing Lady Smallwood out. “Terror of the British press, striking fear into the hearts of the great and powerful. How are you going to bring him down?”
her,” John said, realizing. “Ryan. You actually like her.”
“Then how—ohhh.” Sherlock’s eyes were bright and focused now, intent on the mystery before him; John knew if his hands had been free he would have steepled them under his chin. “Of course. You were captured. When the original party didn’t return—“
“I’ll do it,” Sherlock said, standing, but John said, “No, don’t trouble, you’re working.”
John made a breathless sound and slid his hand into Sherlock’s hair, cupping the back of his head and opening his mouth against Sherlock’s. Oh right, people did that, he ought to remember from Janine but he had deleted most of that. He opened his mouth back and there was John’s tongue and—oh. All of a sudden it was crystal clear to Sherlock exactly why people liked this. He wanted more, all John’s kisses, John’s mouth on his forever and—what did he do with his hands again? John’s other arm went around Sherlock’s back and that made it easy; Sherlock slipped into John’s arms as though he had always belonged there and they wrapped against each other, kissing and kissing and kissing.
“Are you sure—“ John began, his own enthusiasm hard and palpable against Sherlock’s thigh, and Sherlock shucked his T-shirt off by way of answer.
“Hope Lestrade can keep this to himself,” Sherlock remarked as John surreptitiously slid his phone back into his pocket.
“Deduce, Sherlock.”
“I need to have John and the military investigator remain here whilst I meet with some drug dealers and pimps of my acquaintance and give them exorbitant sums of money to tell me if they know of any assaults on young men meeting our victim profile.” Actually Sherlock had the pictures in his pocket, cropped to head and shoulders, but only the three of them knew that.  “Anyone with viable information will be unwilling to speak in their presence.” They heard Lestrade chewing as he thought this over. “I promise to remain within walking distance and to check in within one hour,” Sherlock added. John looked up, surprised at this concession, and Sherlock evidently misinterpreted his expression because he added, “Lestrade, John is wearing a
“I’ll guard it as my most precious possession,” John vowed. “And I’ll take excellent care of it. Speaking of which, I don’t want you to think I’d automatically leave you over it, but…”
When he could stand again, Sherlock had just enough presence of mind to tip most of the baggie’s contents into the toilet before he went out to wash his hands.
“What’s he doing out of bed?”
Sherlock brought the tea and Mary said, “Thanks,” and then, as he sat down, “I’m glad this worked out. I was afraid I’d have to leave London without seeing you.”
would make John’s life miserable. There was a small ridge up ahead, not likely to be steep, but John seized the chance to slow as though nervous about a drop. Lord Sherlock was by him in a flash, low and determined with his eyes narrowed against the wind, and John made a great show of shouting and haranguing at Hermes to catch up while keeping him back. Only when the copse of trees came into view did John dig in his heels, putting on a last burst of speed to arrive at the bank of the pond just a bare length behind Blackbeard.
John pushed Sherlock’s glass toward him and Sherlock, who usually nursed a pint all night without finishing it, downed half the beer in one go. He looked considerably calmer when he had finished.
That evening Sherlock cleaned his teeth carefully and considered the odds of Tiernan doing something unbearably soppy, like actually trying to take his hand while he sang, “Take my hand quick and tell me/ What you have in your heart.” Probably about even, he decided. He also decided this would not
John’s strong arm let go his back and he cupped Sherlock’s face with both hands, holding him in place. Sherlock’s shallow breathing was loud in his own ears. “I can’t be what you deserve,” John whispered. “Not right now. I want to be more than anything, but I can’t.”
Mummy explained, Mycroft jumping in and rolling his eyes at Sherlock’s childishness (“obviously some boys are homesick in the beginning, but most get over it by the end of term”) and Sherlock sinking down into his chair in mute, furious despair.
“I’ll just leave it here,” Sherlock said, indicating the rocks lining the edge of the path. “He’ll find it with my body, won’t he? Won’t be a moment.”
and then grabbed his clipboard and hurried after Sherlock.
“Perhaps if you’d filled us in on your plans,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth.
John looked at him a long moment, then turned as the kettle clicked off and moved about making the tea. That, at least, felt normal. Sherlock hunched a little and wished he could pull up his knees.
Sherlock limped over slowly, face expressionless, but John saw the flicker in his eyes and knew he was swiftly cataloging everything he could discern about the man, searching for any clue that could help them. Green Jacket pulled a roll of duct tape out of his jacket and handed it to Sherlock, who silently taped John’s hands together behind the chair and then, at Green Jacket’s direction, taped his ankles to the legs as well.
“The details weren’t entirely clear on the message—are you with the police?”
“I’m resourceful,” Sherlock answered.
“You should have warned her to keep quiet,” Sherlock said.
“Fuck. My. Throat,” Sherlock said with his crispest enunciation and John’s cock jerked, whether at the thought or at his language, Sherlock wasn’t sure. John himself still looked uncertain. “Please. You can’t hurt me, see all the pillows?”
insight.  “I suppose she’ll be all right,” he said finally. “Eating disorders tend to overlap with perfectionist tendencies and obsessive-compulsive disorders; you could do worse in a nanny.”
The keys were in the desk drawer, just as he had assumed, but they were small: no car keys, nothing that would help him get away, the type that opened—
“Puritanical,” Sherlock said, “but you knew that yourself. He’s the sort who associates happiness with sin. Father died early--likely something sinful--raised by a stern and pious mother, little money. He’s not a sadist, not like Moriarty--he really thinks he’s saving our souls through cruelty.”
you. Do you understand me?”
Sholto’s face darkened. “The Royal Guardians serve England. My country.
“It is. Remember when you first introduced us, how he said…”
Sherlock all but rolled his eyes. He glanced indifferently at the top page, then abruptly sat up and flipped through the rest. He grinned.
feel, and it’s still okay.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Don’t know. There are a lot of people out there who owe me favors; I’ll hit one of them up.”
But he saw nothing. Sherlock stumbled on, his fear growing with the light. The soles of his shoes had begun to peel away from the remaining uppers as the stitching unraveled, and the soles flapped against the ground with every painful step. He couldn’t go much farther.
Ian Braithewaite sat twenty feet away, leaning against the wall and shivering in a large parka. His pale doughy face was blotchy and tearstained and he looked exhausted—not physically, but as though he had spent the last six hours terrified out of his wits. He looked up at Sherlock as he approached and Sherlock saw he was holding a pager.
“Months ago. So I decided to get out, of course. There were rumors—well, barely even rumors. If you wanted to go freelance, they said, you see a man called Moriarty. But turned out he was a hard guy to track down. I started on Google, like everybody does, and guess what I found? A blog! Not a blog by Moriarty, unfortunately, but by a former soldier from the Fifth. Well, of course I read it. Interesting stuff, but it didn’t get me much closer to what I wanted. I did find him eventually, and I told him I could trade him some good intelligence in exchange for getting me out and setting me up as a contractor. He wanted the information first, so I gave it to him. He liked it. Unfortunately he liked it enough to want to keep me where I was for a while. He did promise to get me out if they ever caught up to me, which, obviously, he did in the end.”
“I get called in a lot when people are planning a divorce and want to, shall we say, liquidate assets,” the woman said cheerfully. “This will be much easier. The insurance company will be less suspicious if your wife is really devastated, and you won’t need me to pretend to be her, so the cost is less. I’ve just texted you the account number and bank name—that’s all you need, it’s offshore, so wire the money tomorrow and we’ll be in business for Saturday.”
“Oh God, don’t ask,” John said wearily. “I’ve been at this so long today some of these ideas are actually starting to seem sensible.”
Later, what seemed most bizarre to John about the next few weeks was how normal everything was. His last thought before crashing into bed that night had been of concern that the next morning would be awkward, but he needn’t have worried. They both overslept, saved from disaster only by Lestrade having got anxious when John never answered his text and ringing Mrs. Hudson. There was a frantic scramble to get out of the house on time and get Sherlock coffee, and by the time they caught their breath that afternoon it was far too late to bother being strained.
“Oh, God,” Lestrade said under his breath, his own face blanching.
“You go on over to the kitchen,” Gregson said to John. “Missus had a notion he would try to sneak out early, so she’s getting you some breakfast. Sorry I forgot to tell you last night.”
“This isn’t—I’m not being impulsive. I’ve been practicing. On my own. For months.”
Sherlock happened to be with Mrs. Hudson the first time he encountered them.
1) Dr. Woodcourt was way ahead of his time. He studied under the legendary Dr. Lister at Glasgow, so he was into handwashing before handwashing was cool. His approach to sepsis was cutting edge for the period, when "feed a cold, starve a fever" was still considered gospel. Of course, in the pre-antibiotic era, surviving sepsis was more dependent on luck and how healthy the patient was to begin with than with the medical care received, but aggressive supportive care definitely had a role to play.
“Can’t you get suppressants?” Sherlock had whispered.
This, Sherlock thought. This makes me happy; this is real. I can still be happy. He glanced at John to see if he was watching, but John was watching Sherlock, and his face was very soft, and Sherlock blinked and looked away.
This was so patently untrue that John gaped at him. “What are you talking about? You can’t even finish a bowl of broth.”
“Sherlock? One more thing? I understand why you wouldn’t want to go to therapy when you were a kid, I’d have been the same, but now that I’ve grown up and I’ve actually—“
“Pretty much,” John said.
“On the street, me and the lads. Some of us’ll be sweeping the crossings and some will be begging.” Wiggins was a pallid, unprepossessing youth, but his sunken eyes held a sharp intelligence John had grown to respect. “We watch for the signal. Third story, third window from the right, easy enough. When we sees the signal we sets up the cry and start running around, stirring up as much fuss as we can.”
“Don’t you?”
doesn’t know. He uses the closet thing as a cover, but it’s a good one—everyone assumes he’s secretive because he’s hiding that he’s gay, when what he’s actually hiding is far worse. If what your friends say is true, Sherlock Holmes is the first person I’ve found to survive a sexual encounter with Sebastian Moran.”
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock bellowed down the stairwell. “What day is it?”
Simon came around the bend, heaving for breath and clutching at his side. “I’m too old for this,” he panted. “Sherlock—I need—can you—“
When he came back Trevor moved her things over to make room, pushing her light straight hair behind her ear with one finger. “You ought to cut a fringe,” Sherlock said, smiling.
“For heaven’s sake, Sherlock, it’s January,” John said with exasperation, batting his hands down. “The last thing you need to be doing is hanging out a window. You can see the hatch fine anyway.”
“I’m about to make the turn,” the undercover agent posing as Paul Dockery said. “Turning this off...now.”
“I don’t like—“
John jumped, sloshing tea onto his lap. “Bloody--sorry, sir, so sorry.” Dr. Woodcourt was standing just behind him, surveying Sherlock quizzically as John blotted at the tea. “Ah, our employer made sure we had plenty of books in the servant’s hall, he, Lord Sherrinford, he was a great educational reformer and Stephen, er, he loves chemistry and, and…” John trailed off, unable to come up with any reason why Lord Sherrinford, educational reformer or not, would think his grooms learning German a sound investment.
Sherlock paced around in his sex room. Why not? Did he not find Nick attractive? Objectively, he was pleasant enough. Nick’s own attraction had been evident at the pub: eyes dilated, pulse increased. Sherlock couldn’t see his own pupils and his rapid heart rate was just as likely to be due to nerves. Sherlock tried to picture himself naked in a bed with Nick doing…things…and failed to find the concept in the least exciting. Maybe Nick just wasn’t his type. Did he have a type? Sherlock hadn’t been trying to obfuscate with John; he really wasn’t sure. Abruptly, Sherlock remembered the flash of interest he’d felt when he’d thought John was talking about the other bartender. What was his name? Martin? Something like Martin, anyway. Maybe-Martin was short and sturdy, with a firm jaw and brown eyes. Sherlock imagined those strong arms around him and knew immediately that he’d worked
Sherlock awoke gasping, clutching at his arm and blinking at the sting of sweat and tears in his eyes. Oh,
“You may
than five years now. Two years of you pretending you didn’t give a fuck, two years of you being dead. So many times—“ his voice broke and he tooth a long breath through his nose, lips clamped together, and then went on. “So many times I thought you might say something. Shit, the night at the pool…” He shook his head. “If you’d said anything, just
“I know you will want me to go to hospital,” Sherlock said, not meeting John’s eye. “But. Can you.” He swallowed, grimacing a little. “Please John, can you look me over first. I don’t believe I have any serious injuries. If you still think I need further treatment, I will do as you say.”
Sherlock sighed to himself.
Sherlock got out of the car and strolled over to where Kelly stood, tapping ash into a small receptacle. She watched him come, her gaze curious but not unfriendly, and when he stopped in front of her she said, “So are you going to ask for one or just, what, try to eye-smoke it?”
Sherlock sat back and narrowed his eyes.
“We can still help you.”
“Provence? What, Provence in France?”
When Henry left to get another round John turned to his left with a strange feeling of anxiety, only to find Moran and Sherlock arguing heatedly about Saint-Saens, both gesticulating and leaning in closer to be heard. John stared. Was Moran…was he chatting up Sherlock? It certainly looked like it, but if so Sherlock had yet to catch on. Usually any expression of sexual interest caused Sherlock to react with full-body aversion, yet here he was, not just maintaining eye contact but looking at Moran as though he were a musical corpse. Could he possibly…
“Fine,” Sherlock managed, lifting his chin and trying to sweep haughtily to the door but staggering into a lamppost instead.
John shook his head.
Fuller looked sadly at John. “I don’t even like footy,” he said miserably. “I was crap at it at school.”
Sherlock looked cornered. “Must I?”
“Of course. Look, he’s out now.”
“We should go to Las Vegas,” John said dreamily, imagining his own personal Rain Man…deducing some American Mafioso and getting them both killed.  “Or maybe not.” He stroked Sherlock’s hair again, cupping his palm against the curve of his head. Sherlock make a soft hum of pleasure, tipping his head further to rub against John’s ribs. It didn’t tickle as much as it ought. John thought of a cat again, but knew to hold his tongue this time.
“I have no idea to what you could be referring,” Sherlock informed her, carefully not looking at John, who had his own methods for entertaining Sherlock during a “dry spell” and had promised something special for later involving bubble bath and massage oil.
Roz stretched and looked at her watch. “I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m starving and it’s the middle of the night for John and Sherlock. Can we take a break or maybe order in?”
“Ah, you are already friends!” Fitzwilliam said, delighted. He placed the ancillus’ hand in Sherlock’s, who immediately let it go, and patted Sherlock’s arm. “I will leave you to renew the acquaintance. We shall have another tea!” He fluttered off, already calling to someone else. Sherlock turned back to the omega.
Sherlock’s heart sank—if the Commander was planning to entertain that evening there was no chance of Sherlock meeting with him—but it seemed Mrs. Turner was supervising the replacement of the draperies, which had been taking down for cleaning. Everyone stopped to stare at him when he appeared in the doorway.
“Why didn’t you sign up for the reading group?” Sherlock asked Molly as they walked back.
Sherlock was right. He led them unerringly along the little back road to the forest, and then through the twisting paths as though he held a map of the entire region in his hand. As they went deeper into the woods a cool breeze suddenly stirred up the back of John’s neck and a halfhearted rain began to fall. He turned up his collar and was just wishing for a hat when Sherlock’s voice said, “In your satchel.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “I want—I think the second movement would be better with a bit more viola and I wondered if you would be willing to play some of it with Jonathan this afternoon so I could see how it would sound.” He had blurted this out in a rush and now felt his face flush fiery red—he really hoped she wouldn’t make him say it all again.
John held his breath, staring into the dark garden. The motor noise stopped and for a few minutes there was only silence. Then Sherlock stiffened behind him and held out his hand again, this time to beckon John closer. John slipped silently to his side and looked out. At first he could see nothing, but then he made out a small dark figure straightening from where it had evidently just crawled under the hedge. The dark figure took a few steps forward and paused, looking around the garden, and John and Sherlock ducked back against the wall. They exchanged a glance and, after another few seconds, crowded back into the window.
Sherlock felt a brief flash of self-consciousness, moaning and arching as Michael suckled at his nipples, but Michael obviously loved it. Every noise Sherlock couldn’t stop himself making made him grip Sherlock tighter, until his hand slid over Sherlock’s still-clothed arse and the only word in Sherlock’s mind was
“And he was convicted on that?” Sherlock said. “There’s absolutely no evidence that ties him to the shooting!”
“Nice to meet you all,” Lestrade bellowed, evidently trying to provide a distraction, shaking hands all around just as a man appeared and slid into his now-empty seat between John and Sherlock, depositing his armful of beers on the table. “This is John and Sherlock,” Henry called over his head. “John, this is Sebastian Moran. He was with us the last tour, after your time, I think.”
John clicked “delete” and the picture vanished. He tightened his arms a little, careful not to squeeze. Sherlock rested his head on John’s arm and sighed. John closed his eyes, just letting himself feel the live warmth of Sherlock’s body.
and burst into tears. The restaurant politely applauded, the waiters with secret relief—proposals were notoriously chancy, and this particular restaurant had had that incident a few years ago, when the hopeful suitor and the pretend waiter had…well, at least things turned out well this time.  Nose Ring’s corner at Speedy’s stayed empty for a bit, but soon new regulars filled it, just as they had the seats that had once belonged to John and Green Jacket.
When he got home he headed for the sitting room, already saying, “Hey, Sherlock, do you think—“ before he registered the empty room. Had Sherlock actually gone to bed? He turned, but the bedroom door stood open, the room beyond dark and still. He walked around slowly, calling “Sherlock?”, double checking the loo, unable to quite believe what he had known from the moment he walked into the silent flat: he was alone. Sherlock had not come home.
The door opened.
Sherlock had no idea. “Whatever you think appropriate, I suppose.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows at John, who was determinedly not meeting his eye.
“No.”
“Do you feel you are ready to return?” Dr. Woodcourt asked.
“Not tonight,” John said firmly. “All this time, what’s one more night? You’ll know I’m right here.”
“Oh, but that would be such a waste. Such a beautiful boy.” John was watching for it his time and sure enough, Sherlock shivered all over with pleasure. You great narcissist, John thought fondly. “So lovely, such smooth skin, such a pretty cock. It’s a sin to hide it away. Maybe after I win I’ll have you stand your watch naked. Let all the other pirates see what a prize you are, let them see that beautiful arse as you climb the rigging—not touch it though, you’ll be all mine for seven days. I could bring you back here any time I like and fuck you. Fuck that pretty mouth. Fuck that gorgeous arse.”
The man on the rocky ledge had been dead for several days. His face was half gone, pecked away by birds, but enough remained of the back of his head that Sherlock could see the bullet hole. The missing member of the Skye resistance, I presume, Sherlock thought, feeling a wildly inappropriate urge to laugh. A murder victim and he couldn’t even enjoy it. The sound of voices growing louder.
see that decoding his letter would keep Sherlock happy all day, and that was good enough for him. He looked back in the hamper. “Sherlock, there are oranges in here!”
“That’s him,” Mycroft said and John felt all the air rush from his body in an enormous exhale. They had him, Sherlock was safe, all of those American soldiers were carrying him along as their little icons rushed toward the end of the screen where their helicopters must be, they were bringing Sherlock home. Everyone was suddenly talking and laughing at the same time, the tension in the air draining away in the noise. John looked around at Mycroft, who was grinning in a way John had never seen before, and tried to reach out to slap his back; his muscles were so stiff from standing rigid that he practically fell into him and they ended up in an awkward hug instead.
“Mr. Holmes, it’s your brother.”
They lapsed into silence for a moment, Mycroft swirling his glass pensively. “I had a visit from John a few days ago.”
Sherlock was already getting impatient but fortunately Aronson was too. “Phil retired a few years ago but we knew each other from the PD’s office, so when I saw his name I gave him a call to see what he could tell me and he volunteered to come in.” She gestured at the table and then, apparently noticing Sherlock for the first time—going around with an oversized superstar instead of a diminutive Army doctor certainly made him less conspicuous—reached out a sharp-nailed hand: “You’ll be Mr. Rhodes’s investigator, I assume.”
Sherlock left the cocaine behind when he went to his parents’ for Easter. Mycroft probably would have
“But you can read now,” Sherlock said, almost as though he was forcing himself. “You could—“
“He did, yeah, loads. He was a popular bloke, Dom was. There was one he said he was going to set me up with when they got back, Nigel he was called.”
“He will not. However, I can arrange for visitation if you like.”
“Black. Really black, not mixed like me. He was bald, I think, and big—like, big muscles.”
Sherlock learned his lesson right there in front of the fireplace on his hands and knees, and a very merry Christmas was had by all.
John looked around. The note was still there:
not right,” he muttered. He straightened up and frowned at John for a moment—who kept still, afraid to say anything—and then abruptly  his face cleared and he crossed out what he had just written, writing in a new string of notes. Then he raised the violin and played a triumphant little flourish. John clapped.
Carl Powers’ school had been investigated inside out, upside down, and sideways, but no one had ever thought to look at the rest of the swim team.
“I posted on several different sites last nights under various names, speculating about the kidnapping and, in one case, claiming responsibility. I’d hoped to provoke a response, but nothing yet.” Apparently giving up, Sherlock stomped grumpily off toward the bath, grumbling, “Lestrade better hurry up. Coffee,” before disappearing inside.
Sherlock handed her a card. “That was rather well done,” he told her. “Contact this number before you obtain legal representation. You might be able to avoid prison if he thinks he can use you.”
“I hear voices.” Sherlock had turned to the east window, the one that faced the Hall. John knew Sherlock had keen eyes and ears, but he himself heard nothing. He looked out the south window and sucked in his breath.
“He wasn’t,” Sherlock said flatly. “It was my father’s nephew, Joseph Bell. He was a career diplomat and was with Mycroft in France.”
“No--” Sherlock said quickly just as John cupped his hand over Sherlock’s groin. He was surprised to find Sherlock only half-hard—how badly did it hurt him to kneel anyway?—but Sherlock sucked in a gratifyingly sharp breath and bucked up into John’s hand.
And that was how John Watson came into his life.
Safe little cases, making people feel better.” Moriarty wrinkled his nose. “I’m doing you a favor, really, taking you out whilst people can still remember your glory days.”
“I know. He’s not using again, I’m pretty sure of that.” John looked out the window for a minute. He suddenly wanted desperately to confide in someone, someone who knew Sherlock almost as well as he did, and he thought he could manage it without violating Sherlock’s privacy. Well, without violating it too much, anyway. “There’s been some stuff going on, but it’s complicated. Would you be up for a pint in a day or so? After we find the baby?”
“Be quick about it,” the nurse said, already turning away.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, genuinely surprised.
“I beg your pardon?” Abbess Hester said, sounding affronted.
John smiled. They had all the time in the world.
Afternoons were the worst.
“Don’t be too long, I think the tide’s coming in. You don’t want to get your clothes wet,” John said. The wind ruffled his hair and his eyes crinkled when he squinted in the sun. Sherlock adored him. “I’m going to go back up, see what I can do about rinsing that sleeping bag out—at least there’s plenty of blankets.”
“Yes, you love him.
The man grunted. “We’ve no job openings right now, but you never know what could happen. Try back in a couple weeks.”
John wanted to get his mouth everywhere. He wanted his tongue up Sherlock’s arse and to taste his bollocks and to suck him off until Sherlock’s come filled his mouth, all at the same time. Sherlock’s cock tasted like silk and nectar and sweetness beaded at the head, like the smell of him, only better. John licked it off and Sherlock gasped but then when John sucked him into his mouth again Sherlock said clearly, “No.”
, and eventually you’ll get tired of it all and you’ll leave.”
It should have been ridiculous. It
The physician who came to speak to him was not so intimidating as John had feared. “There is a concussion, but it appears to be mild, and I believe he will do very well with a few days’ rest. I am told that he has a complaint of the chest, however, which certainly river water is unlikely to improve—Lord Sherrinford tells me you would be able to tell me more about his recent circumstances.”
John opened the drawer and pulled out the lube. Sherlock had choreographed the whole thing, he realized; maybe he did deserve to be the object of universal desire. “Clever me,” he said. He opened the bottle and set to work, intent on knocking that smugness off Sherlock’s face as quickly as possible. He was quite successful. Two fingers in and Sherlock was flat on his back, hands knotted in his hair and legs clenched around John’s waist. “Where are we now?” John whispered.
Henry shrugged. “He might
“Oh God, yeah. It’s down to him I’ve got this job, cause I helped him put my boss away at my old one.”
“Fine then,” John said, whisking the laptop away. “You can bloody well get in the bathroom and make room for my shampoo bottle.”
“If you please, ma’am,” John said quickly, “Michael and I are assigned to work at the hospital. May we go as well?”
. They mean the same as ‘sweetheart’, or ‘beloved’.”
“Very well. Just lie still now, John. You’ve had a bad blow to the head, and you will need to rest and be very quiet. Can you do that? Abbot will look after you.”
Mrs. Hudson gave her a clipped nod. “Sister,” she said. Her tone was polite, but with a chill in it Sherlock had only previously heard directed at Nicholls. “Enjoy your walk. Sheba, dear, we must be going.”
obviously.”
“We’re not going to
“Bridget mostly, though we take it turns sometimes. There’s only the four of us—well, three now. The men do for themselves and even when the commander’s in town he usually only has breakfast here.”
“I’m going to try the stairs today,” Sherlock announced one afternoon when they had reached the end of the hall.
“Shouldn’t you really take the back now?” John asked, half asleep.
John was not immune either, but he knew when someone was out of his league. He’d known it the moment they met, even before Sherlock had preemptively let him down gently that first night (“Relationships…not really my area”, he’d said musingly, staring out at the street as though abashed at his own desirability).  Sherlock probably had a string of supermodels and international football stars just waiting by the phone. And yet…Sherlock went out, sometimes; he bought condoms and lube (they shared a loo, after all, John couldn’t help seeing). But he didn’t go out often. And there were many nights, even after a case, where he seemed content just to have dinner with John, or to loll about the sofa whilst John had dinner. It was possible, John thought, that Sherlock had been intimidatingly spectacular for so long that he thought of John as his only real friend. And John
“Okay,” John said finally, sitting up and putting the remains of the food back into the hamper where it could stay cool. “What are we actually doing here? It’s beautiful, it’s peaceful…normally you’d be pulling the bark off the trees by now, you’d be so bored.”
“He took his father’s name,” Sherlock said, seeing it all now. “He would have thought it his by right; he hated his mother. And from a practical standpoint it was pure genius—he could keep his father’s network going and expand into London, and we never found any traces of him because legally James Moriarty no longer exists.”
John could not remember the last time he had been relieved to find Sherlock out of the flat. He had spent most of the ride home trying to think of a strategy to sneak his laptop upstairs without Sherlock noticing, a hopeless endeavor. Alone, he dropped the box and went directly to his computer, not even stopping to put on the kettle. It was entirely possible that Sherlock had just popped out for patches or something, so John didn’t want to lose any time. He carried the laptop straight to his room. Sherlock would notice it was gone, of course, but with any luck he would just assume John wanted to look at porn in private, which was not far from the truth.
Sherlock climbed through the window that night just as John got into bed.
? Sherlock ground his fists into his eye sockets, shutting out the sight of the announcement. Why couldn’t he let this go? Why was it ruining his life? Why did he
“At home,” John said, busy trying to work Sherlock’s shirt buttons open. “With Tal.”
“You’re the one who’s famous?” Moran said to Sherlock.
Sherlock startled awake, fumbling with his book. John was standing in the doorway.
Just as he had earlier that evening, John had spent far too long trying to persuade himself that this was a good thing for Sherlock. After all, John was always trying to convince him that sex was something normal people did as a matter of course, so surely he should be pleased that Sherlock was giving it a go? But there was the problem right there. John had no idea how much experience Sherlock had—up until ten hours ago, he’d have been willing to bet none—but even if he was wrong about that, surely there couldn’t have been much? John could just about picture some awkward teenage snogging, but certainly if it had gone well, he wouldn’t have given it up. Had Sebastian Fucking MI-6 Moran deduced that? Had he recognized Sherlock’s inexperience? Was he gentle and careful, or had he pushed, made Sherlock overwhelmed and edgy? Sherlock didn’t even like most people to touch him. John tried to picture Moran kissing Sherlock, touching him—for the first time? He would do it wrong. He would touch Sherlock too lightly, or more likely too roughly. Sherlock would get tense and hyperventilate and John wouldn’t be there to calm him down and what the
“It’s nothing,” John said shortly. To his horror he felt a hot lump of pure, desperate hurt clog his throat.
Mrs. Hudson appeared in her doorway. “There’s no need to shout, young man, you’re perfectly capable of walking down these stairs. And I can see right up that towel. Put your clothes on.”
Two weeks after his heat the doctor came to call on Sherlock. The doctor was a new one, unfamiliar, but he found he liked her; her brisk professionalism was tempered with more kindness than most of the betas showed him.
“I’m sorry, Lady Smallwood,” Sherlock said. His vision suddenly wavered a little and he blinked. “But I really don’t see that there’s a case here. You’d be better off with an intimidating solicitor.”
“Shut up and be still,” Sherlock moaned. Bloody
Sherlock carried the plate and mug into the kitchen and drank a glass of water. He knew intellectually that he was ready. He had been ready for weeks, as ready as it was possible to be, but always the fear of failure had held him back. He was still afraid, but he would no longer let it hold him back.
“That’s “The Frost is All Over’,” the musician said chidingly, and swooped into the rollicking song. John and Callie, laughing harder at the scolding tone, kept on singing as they danced, the rest of the party joining in on the choruses as they went along.
Sherlock jerked awake, gasping, and then jerked away again in shock when he realized that Mycroft was directly over his face, hectoring away in his most sanctimonious and annoying voice.
“I suppose,” Sherlock said slowly. His mind had snagged on the image of a boy frozen, slowly sinking in a pool. He brought himself back to the conversation quickly, filing the thought away for later. “My mother was a mathematician,” he said. “She gave it up when Mycroft was born though.”
“Ah, a bit of rain, what’s that to us?” Young Tom scoffed.
“’But consider!’ I said earnestly. ‘Count the cost! Your brain may, as you say, be roused and excited, but it is a pathological and morbid process which involves increased tissue-change and may at least leave a permanent weakness. You know, too, what a black reaction comes on you.”—Watson to Holmes on his drug use, in “The Sign of Four”
“Here you go,” John said, pulling out a notebook and passing it across the table. He’d almost tossed it, but caught himself in time. “I wish I could have come up last Saturday, but you know, with Sarah in hospital for the hyperemesis—at least it gave me two weeks to talk to my mates.”
“I know. It was for me too.” John hesitated. “Was it terrible?”
“Okay, do you want an espresso or—“
“Oh yes. Not as much as in the beginning, but after a workout it’s lovely. I’ve a pool service who takes care of the maintenance, of course.”
“I have. Once. I think I bollixed it up, and it was over almost before it began.” He looked at the ceiling. “I suppose if you’re with another bloke, well, at least you know where all the bits are supposed to go, don’t you?”
Mycroft sighed. “Yes.”
By the time Sherlock reached San Francisco, he’d ticked off everything on his mental list (enhanced and reorganized by Grindr Tribe) except “Leather”. He assumed he’d have no trouble knocking that one out in San Francisco, and he was right: he wouldn’t even have to use Grindr. There were multiple leather bars and even a gay biker bar. That was certainly tempting, but Sherlock decided he wanted to give the full fetish experience a go first.
Finally there came the sound of voices and footsteps along the corridor, growing louder, and then the door opened and a small knot of people came in led by the Mother Superior.
Emily laughed. “How’d you know? Not underusing exactly, but I think you could be using us better. Don’t get mad; Vivaldi neglected the low strings too. It’s a violinist’s blind spot. You think we’re just there to keep the beat, and that’s true, the low instruments are the heartbeat of a piece—but if you use us to balance the violin you’ll get a much richer effect.”
.  John had told himself that it was just because Sherlock knew Mycroft read them, but still…it had been over a year, and Sherlock seemed no closer to returning than when he left. And what was John carrying a torch for anyway? It wasn’t as though Sherlock had ever said anything to give John reason to hope. He’d done the opposite at every opportunity.
What had Moran done? How hard would he have had had to grip Sherlock’s neck to make those marks? John tried to envision some scenario that would involve Moran clenching his hand around the nape of Sherlock’s neck hard enough to bruise that badly. He supposed in an excess of passion it could be possible, although it looked more like an act of violence. But Sherlock was otherwise fine, there weren’t any other marks on him, and besides he said he might…
“These are just lovely, aren’t they?” the woman enthused as she wrapped them carefully in heavy paper. “Do you know his work?”
“Moor, I need some northern moor. I’d love to get some samples from the fens too. Of course, what I
. “Tell him to go fuck himself. You want some soup?”
“Yes, but she’s dreadful.”
“An excellent question, and one which she has so far refused to answer. In fact she will say nothing except that she wishes to speak to you. The problem, however, is that she is not Victoria Trevor.”
Getting out of the cave was a good deal more unnerving than getting in, but the ledge helped. He knew better than to look down, but looking up was almost as bad—he couldn’t even really tell how far the top of the cliff was, and he was in constant fear of looking up to find a startled searcher staring down at him. He smelled salt, and blood from where he’d scraped his cheek on the rock, and the nauseating scent of decay on his fingers. His arms and legs were trembling. Sherlock thought of his tiny bedroom back in London, of all the dark mornings he’d forced himself out of bed: all those thousands of pushups, presses, squats, rowing. All paying off now. It can’t be much farther, he told himself, it can’t be much farther, it can’t—his fingers reached into air.
“Ah, we’ll still keep in touch.”
“Good of you,” Sherlock managed.
“Well, yeah. Of course I’ll marry you. I would have proposed ages ago if I’d thought you went in for that sort of thing, and I’d have made a much better job of it, believe me.”
Of course John said nothing to Young Tom after all. Kissing and telling was one thing when it was just kissing, but when it was...no, definitely not. He also didn’t tell Sherlock, although he supposed Sherlock would work the whole thing out eventually anyway.
Sherlock put a cold hand on John’s chest, curling his fingers. His body was gradually relaxing into the warmth of their little cocoon, growing heavy and sleepy. “Can we stay here by the fire? Can we sleep here?”
“I don’t like to be touched lightly.”
Sherlock glared at her. He did not want to settle down. He was enjoying being angry, enjoying raging at Mycroft secure in the knowledge that it was safe, he could rail at Mycroft all night and he would never be rid of him, the great overbearing git had made that clear enough—
“Okay,” Lestrade pulled out a small notebook and consulted it. “Alison Murdoch, maid, beta, went to Brother Hosea’s room with a breakfast tray and saw the bed hadn’t been slept in. She called his name, no answer, went to fetch the housekeeper. Kitty Reilly, beta, unmarried, but you lot call them missus anyway, yeah? She went to the room and checked the bathroom, found the body in the bath, wrists cut, water cold. Housekeeper gave us most of our information. It seems Brother Hosea had a litter last week and had just been cleared to get out of bed and bathe yesterday, so he was looking forward to a hot bath. Mrs. Reilly took him a cup of hot milk last night and he was still in the bath, told her to leave it. She locked up and didn’t return until morning.”
Commander Moriarty looked over. “Just asking his name.”
“When’s Seven coming back?” he demanded.
“The British Museum.”
“You needn’t,” Mycroft said calmly. “We’re estranged.”
“No, but you could probably just rinse them in the basin,” John said, grinning.
“More police arrive, the detectives arrive, officers canvass the house and the street,” McGInty said. “To cut to the chase: the building was a four up-four down. Of the front downstairs units, one tenant was at work and the other side heard the gunshots as well as footsteps running up the staircase in the center of the building. Zoran and Marija Radojovic. They had actually called 911 a minute or so after Mr. Stegman, saying they were afraid there was a shooter in their building. The back downstairs units heard nothing. Upstairs, the front right unit—that would be Deana Clark—told the police she was watching TV and heard nothing. The left hand unit, Kelly Lewis, stated she heard gunshots, someone running up the stairs, and then a few minutes later someone running down the hallway toward the fire escape. The back units were asleep and did not hear the gunshots but one, Edith Chester, thought she heard the window being opened on the fire escape.”
“I wish I could wash my hair, but I supposed most of it will be gone soon in any case,” he said, peering out through his overlong fringe. “It feels
James had told him all about his grandfather, who was retired and spent his days reading the newspapers and eating tinned soup (“He might as well already be dead,” James said in disgust). Sherlock in turn told James about his perfect, patronizing prig of an older brother. They shared stories about school. Sherlock had never really spent much time loathing his teachers the way he did his fellow students—they were idiots, most people were idiots; it wasn’t anything personal they had against him—but James talked about his masters back in Belfast with a venom that was slightly unnerving; Sherlock did not know whether it was a cause or effect of being kicked out.  James spoke of his mother rarely but with a casual viciousness, referring to her as a slag and bitch; his father he mentioned not at all. Sherlock largely kept quiet about his own parents, whom he found essentially acceptable, and at any rate clearly a huge improvement on James’ family.
“So, are we still on for Saturday? I was going to ring for the reservation,” Harry said brightly on the phone.
Molly put on the shoes as Sherlock gathered their clothing, rolling it all up in his cloak, and tossed it out onto the dusty landing. Then he closed and locked the door and pushed the shelves back in place. Kate had opened the back door a crack and was peering out. “We’re clear. Let’s go.”
The headmaster stood over Sherlock within minutes of his arrival in the dining hall. “What is that in your pocket?” he asked in his quiet, cold voice.
John pulled his shirt off and started on his breeches. “Please, Sherlock, you’ll like it, I know you will. Look.” He stripped the rest of his clothes off, took a running jump, and landed with a whoop and an enormous splash. The cool water felt delicious on his hot skin. He surfaced and looked around for Sherlock, who was standing at the edge of the water fully dressed, wide-eyed with trepidation.
“Don’t worry, he’s not exclusive. I saw his type at Eton. He’s sized up the dorm and worked out that all the power is at this end of this table, and you’re the most likely to treat him well. You could have him tonight if you like.”
Sherlock had the passing thought that the man really didn’t want to hear the answer to that. He closed his eyes and tried to force his addled brain to coherent thought. He was drunk. He was alone. The object of his desperate unrequited love was out with a vegan who didn’t even drink coffee. He desperately wanted a hit. And of course, he was quite possibly harder than he had been in years. If he couldn’t have what he really wanted—John, cocaine—he could at least have this. He closed his lips around the man’s fingers, sucked them into his mouth, and bit. The man’s hips jerked against him. Sherlock opened his mouth, licked the fingers out, turned to press his lips to the man’s ear and said, “Why don’t you find out?”
“What?” Michael said, looking startled. “My dad didn’t…”
“You’re not serious,” Sherlock said.
Toward the end he gave up. He didn’t bother to make the bed—this was one time that sweaty, twisted sheets would be unremarkable, even expected. He just went straight to the bathroom and stuck his head under the tap, trying to cool off. When he finally heard the key turning in the lock he turned, shaking himself like a dog, and said, “I won’t be going out today. Effie, would you be so kind as to direct Mrs. Hudson to prepare the dungeon?”
The doctor asked about Victor.
it. Sherlock had temporarily forgotten that obstacle. “This has Moriarty’s fingerprints all over it, especially if you lot are already thinking it’s a suicide. Can’t you take it over for that?”
Sherlock frowned, thinking. “I don’t know, I wasn’t allowed to take it to school, I remember that much…there was an unfortunate fire in my room a few years later, completely unintentional no matter what Mycroft says, and quite a few things were lost then.”
Sherlock had been preparing to let Michael down as gently as possible but at that all his instincts came to full alertness, like dozing hounds hearing the call to the hunt. “
He heard John’s phone give a soft chime as he received the text and sat back against his seat. John read it, gave a curt nod and looked out the window again.
“Ah,” Margaret said. She considered saying some crap lie about how her dad would always love her and things wouldn’t change, but probably the dad had already tried that particular crap lie. And it
“Sherlock’s situation is unchanged as far as I am aware. I have no new intelligence on that front. I have considerable other matters currently occupying my attention, but have cleared my schedule to meet with you. How soon can you be available?”
it, wanted above all to give himself over to John like a gift.
“’Not all treasure is gold and jewels, you know.'” Sherlock’s voice had taken on a ludicrous pirate-y growl, and John hoped he wasn’t going to break out into an
“Well, I can see why you two got on,” Mycroft said dryly. “But I didn’t mean this…
“I’d thought we could play this evening the way we used to,” he explained, flushing a little, when Sherlock stared at him, “but Mummy said we’d lost most of the pieces. And I know you’ve never much taken to chess but there’s a club at school…” Mycroft trailed off.
“Oh, do you not?” Sherlock asked, alight with gleeful excitement. “Wonderful, I do so love explaining. You told Dr. Shah that you would come by Tuesday evening to discuss his demands, and told Tassie Phelps that you would be unable to keep your usual assignation for reasons of the utmost secrecy. You then proceeded to football practice and to Café Milano as usual, but went through the back door, cut back over to your car, drove here, and murdered Alpesh Shah by putting your special new poison into the coffee you had so considerately brought him. Was that the reason you killed him, you couldn’t wait to see how it performed in clinical trial? You then disposed of the coffee, went to the security office and disabled the cameras, returned to the football field, doubled back around, and arrived at Simon Fuller’s car at precisely your usual time. Quite efficient, really.”
“What?”
The doctor went out, saying, “Just a few minutes, mind,” and in crept Sherlock, looking thoroughly wretched.
“Excuse me, Mr. Holmes?” It was the senior agent, the woman. “They’re ready for you.”
The answer to this was emphatically
Shit. Now John was getting hard. Fortunately, in the absence of Sherlock’s actual physical presence, his higher brain function could once again exert a little control over the proceedings. He definitely wanted to keep things from moving too quickly, but it would be extremely counterproductive for Sherlock to think John was coddling him.  He leaned against a shop window, thought hard, and sent a series of texts.
“I’m glad this is letting up,” Young Tom said, looking out at the rain, which had once again slowed to a misty drizzle. “Lord Sherlock will ride fair weather or foul tomorrow and we just got all that mud cleaned up in the stables.”
“Thought you left with Sherlock?”
John inched over as best he could in the bed and stroked Sherlock’s tumbled curls with his free hand. “I’m fine,” he repeated firmly. “See? I’m just fine. Doctor says I’ll be good as new. Moreover I’m to have light duty when I get back on my feet, so I’m hoping Mr. Gregson will let me work with Callisto. She’s a beauty, isn’t she? I was thinking, if we breed Terpsi again and she has another filly, we should call her Calliope. What do you think?”
They had not been together since Hampshire, but there was none of the urgency that usually filled them after a case; they came together slowly, tenderly, their bodies pressed together tightly and their mouths breaking apart only for one or the other of them to draw a quick gasping breath. Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John’s firm back, feeling the comfort of strong muscles flexing under his skin, and John’s fingers tangled in his hair. This was everything, his whole life, the only thing that mattered or ever would matter: John kissing him, John holding him, John’s warm body pressed full-length into his.
“What
Sherlock’s tightly scrunched face loosened minutely and his breathing calmed. John could actually
Sherlock tried to speak but couldn’t; his ears were buzzing and he suddenly realized that his hands must be dirty where he’d caught himself on the ground. He tried to brush them off but John still seemed to be in the way, somehow, and more distantly now he heard John’s voice again, saying, “It’s okay. I’ve got you. Breathe, Sherlock.
“In the second movement, you mean?”
He couldn’t possibly know the truth, John told himself, he must be fishing. “I told you. She died, over a year ago. You can look it up—“
“But wouldn’t we be aware of it? You said the primary time stream had its own integrity. If we’ve been affected—if
and then they’d torture her.” Sherlock, sobering, looked out the window again. “Mrs. Hudson will look after her.”
So he was completely taken by surprise to be called to the headmaster’s office early in October. This had been a regular occurrence at Eton, but he honestly couldn’t imagine what he’d done to get in trouble this time.
Sherlock found himself oddly drawn to the blue hair. Ordinarily he was of the opinion that hair, like food, should not as a rule be blue, but Violet Hunter’s hair was peculiarly striking with her dark eyes and red lips. It was the only reason he kept listening after she started in complaining about her boss, an irony he would not recognize until later, as Violet’s hair was in fact central to the case.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend, Sherlock thought. Interesting. What was Adler after? “Well, at any rate, I’m certainly not getting any cake, so let me know how it is.”
“You’re a right bastard,” the girl said furiously to Sherlock. “I never even got me drink, and I’d just paid for it. And I’ve had nothing to eat. You know they won’t give me nothing til morning.”
John’s brave expression fell right off his face and he had to swallow hard a few times. Right. Surgical waiting room. Loo first; he’d been dying to go for ages but hadn’t want to leave Sherlock. Then a cup of coffee. Yes. John took a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and marched out.
“First we make packs,” he said. “Everything you think we might need. Then we fetch the Land Rover and fill it with as many supplies as we can cram in. Then we have breakfast, since it’s important to eat when we can and who knows when we’ll next have tea.  And then…we’ll go where we’re needed.”
“Anything interesting?”
because John had already decided against and why, why, WHY were all these decisions suddenly up to John alone?
“Oh, I think so,” the doctor said, smiling down at him. “You’re young, of course, and have a fairly hard head. But you must be still and rest for several days yet.”
As he stood there John appeared in the doorway, looking anxiously up and down the mews. His gaze passed right over Sherlock and then came back. He blinked once, taking in the sight of Sherlock in his blue suit, no cowl and hood shadowing his face, and then his face lit with the most beautiful smile Sherlock had ever seen. And before he consciously realized he was moving Sherlock was running, running over the cobblestones and into John’s arms.
John felt as though he were drowning in cold panic. There was nothing for it but to follow behind the soldiers leading them back to town. To have come so close--but even had they reached their goal, all still would have been lost. To whom could they turn with Sir Willoughby dead? What would become of them? He could see Sherlock’s bent head and devoutly hoped he was thinking of something.
Watson laughed outright. “How much have you had? Never mind, don’t tell me. Is there any cake left?”
So that was why they hadn’t wanted to evacuate. A virgin omega: she was probably worth more than the rest of the village put together, maybe even more than the lost opium crop; her bride price would be enormous. But if forced to leave the protection of her village she would have been snatched up immediately—maybe even by the British, if her skin was fair enough. No wonder the elders had been so stubborn.
“You know what I want to know,” Sherlock said. “Tell me.”
The Karen Crowley investigation went nowhere. Everyone liked her, no stalkers or jealous ex-boyfriends or mad roommates or anything at all that Lestrade could find. The busker never returned to the Tube station, so that was a dead end. It made Lestrade a bit depressed that he hadn’t solved his first case, though he made a nice job of his second (although that was an open-and-shut domestic gone bad, to be fair; not much of a mystery about it).
The man studied him. “He didn’t use dexedrine, did he.”
“Cake? Why cake?”
John frowned, thought, then tried, “Cuh, aaaa, t?”
“My commander’s at his country house, but he said there was no need for me to go,” Sister Leah said, rolling her eyes. “He said I couldn’t go riding or anything like that in my condition, so I might as well stay here.”
John gave him a disbelieving look in the mirror that Sherlock, busy packing his map back into the workbasket, missed. They had joined the queue now and another car turned around and drove back the way they had come. Three cars ahead of them. John put his window down, hoping to hear what was going on. The sky had clouded over now and the diffuse light gave the scene a flat, unreal quality.
“It’s a shame you weren’t here when I arrived, you could have had some northern soil from my shoes. It’s all gone now.”
"Yeah," John said, smiling blissfully. He had given up on the buttons in favor of rubbing his thumbs over Sherlock's nipples through his shirt, with the exquisite caution of the very drunk, and Sherlock was rapidly coming to the conclusion that he
“Course,” John said, jumping up. “Just let me get my things.”
“Ah, that’s better!” It was the bent commander, too loud and too jolly. He moved forward and the others followed, spreading out along the line to inspect the omegas. Sherlock kept his eyes down but he sensed the man stopping in front of him and he read his thoughts easily: perhaps it would be easier to fake it with a male omega, someone closer in appearance to an alpha. Sherlock had a cock, after all, just as female alphas had breasts; physically they were indistinguishable from their beta counterparts except during heat or rut. “Now here’s a fine-looking specimen. 1-A, is it? Good breeding then?”
“I worked for that family for nine years. It’s him,” the nasal voice said coldly. “He hasn’t changed that much.”
The men’s horses were good enough, but not in the same class as Hermes. Hermes drove directly at the other horse, who shrieked and reared, throwing his rider. John wheeled around and made for the man on the right, but the other rider grabbed for the reins and yanked them from his hands, sending John spilling to the ground. He flashed back to Sherlock saying he had not needed to learn to fall as he tucked and rolled, coming up bruised but unhurt, and then the silhouette of the man with the fowling piece blotted out the sun, the butt came down on his head, and everything went black.
“So you still haven’t talked to him yet?” Lestrade asked. They were sitting in Lestrade’s office eating sandwiches while waiting to hear from Sherlock.
Sherlock snorted. “Hardly. Eton is the nursery of England’s statesmen, which means it’s where aristocrats send their sons to meet other aristocrats’ sons and form lifelong friendships, so when they grow up they can go into government and pass laws keeping their privileges intact, marry one another’s sisters, and generally perpetuate the status quo. Grammar schools are where the reasonably clever send their sons to gain an education so they can go on to become doctors and barristers and actual useful members of society.”
“Well, needs must. Still it’s good to see you putting a
Sherlock whimpered, open-mouthed and desperate and shining with sweat. “Please, Jean,
“Do you know anything about BDSM?”
“Oh,” John said. He rubbed Sherlock’s hand tentatively with his thumb. Then, emboldened by the fact that Sherlock had brought up the matter—however obliquely—he summoned up his courage and said, “Sherlock? Why won’t you have the surgery?’
The flat was silent when he let himself in. Mrs. Hudson must be out. John climbed the stairs slowly, thinking with some pleasure about just puttering around the flat with a cup of tea. He went into the kitchen to put the kettle on before going up to his bedroom to change. On the stairs he paused, frowning. A draft of cool air had brushed his cheek, but from where? The back window was closed--he'd seen it as he crossed out of the kitchen. John strained his ears but heard nothing but a distant clattering from the alley behind the building and the usual noises from the street. Nothing in the house, and yet John had the feeling, suddenly, that he was not alone.
From “A Child’s Calendar” by John Updike
Dr. Woodcourt squeezed his hand again. “I will come back in a few hours,” he said. John knew he meant the low part of the night, the last few hours before dawn when experience had taught him the soul was most likely to take flight.
John looked out the window. Of course there was a plan. Sherlock was the Man With The Plan, and John was…the man who went along with the plan. He briefly considered getting annoyed, but that was pointless. Besides, Sherlock was probably right—he had certainly proven he was better at sussing out what turned John on than John was. John slid back into the on-and-off daydream in which he’d been indulging the past few days, imagining himself flipping Liam over and slapping his arse as he shoved back in, and caught sight of his reflection grinning in the window.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, surprised.
“Yes.”
“You’ll spend a lot of time here, evenings and winters,” Gregson said. “The other unmarried grooms and the gardeners have their quarters upstairs, but you’re the newest and youngest, so you’ll be replacing Young Tom in the stables.”
“Dr. Madden is in a meeting,” the cheerful receptionist chirped, when they had finally managed to locate the cardiology department, which was miles from the cardiology clinic.
The word triggered something deep in John’s memory. His right hand went almost unconsciously to his chest. “
Sherlock tried to remember the last time he had opened the refrigerator. He couldn’t. “Leave the rest here, I’ll have it in my tea later.”
“Oh. Why don’t you want me to take it then?”
For the first few months, it was almost fun. John really didn’t have any idea where Sherlock had gone—Mycroft wouldn’t tell him—so he was convincingly bewildered at the official inquiry. He even gave a press conference at Mycroft’s behest, where he railed righteously about the stupidity of the Met, which hopefully kept attention on him and away from Lestrade for the time being. Things were weird and unsettled and ever so slightly scary, but at least they weren’t boring. And then there was the memory of the last time he had seen Sherlock, that charged moment when their eyes met and John’s whole world tilted on its axis. The thought of it was like a tiny coal in his chest, warming him and sending a pleasurable little spark of electricity up his spine every time he thought of it. He felt a bit as though he had met the girl of his dreams on the last day of summer holidays.
“No, don’t,” John said, reading his mind with unnerving accuracy and pulling his arms away. “I love every inch of you thin or fat; you’re the most beautiful thing in the world to me no matter what.” He went right to work proving it, kissing down every prominent bone and into the hollow cave of Sherlock’s abdomen. It all felt wonderful, like a feast after a long case, and Sherlock soon forgot his self-consciousness and wriggled under John in delirious abandon. It did not take long for them to be panting and rutting against each other.
After the ward fell quiet again Sherlock managed to fall into an uneasy doze. When he woke the lamps were lit, the fading light of twilight dim on the wall. He stirred and sat up, reaching for the glass of water on the bedside table, and the kind blue-eyed nurse appeared. “Ah, there you are! Are you hungry?”
Sherlock squirmed and panted and thrust back, clutching at his hair, the sheet, the wall, his own mouth.  John pulled his hand away, kissed him, and said, “Touch yourself now.”
“We were taking these horses south, sir, to the Earl of Sherrinford. But when we reached there we found the Earl and all his family had just been murdered, and we thought best to come back home again straight away.”
One week passed, then two. John wondered if perhaps Eton was much farther away than he had supposed, or if something had gone amiss with the post. He wrote again, and again received no reply.
Was this snogging? What differentiated kissing from snogging? He’d kissed Janine, of course, but that had been quick, just hello and goodbye really--
“Have you worked out how we’ll get out yet?”
“Why not?”
doing it. You really should have a go, John. Or you could take him tonight if you’d rather, it’s lovely when he comes back from Mr. Posey already stretched out and slippery--”
“And they say they’ll show you, do they?” John brushed his fingers down Sherlock’s length again, with just a hint of pressure this time. A faint flush was rising in Sherlock’s throat.
Sherlock finally returned just as the last of the light was finally fading. He thumped down across from John and said abruptly, “You should go.”
“Something like that,” Sherlock said. He took a long drink of his beer, holding eye contact as he swallowed and watching the man’s eyes follow the motion of his throat; oh, this was
Harmon pitched his voice to a high falsetto, mimicking Sherlock’s accent. “Of course I do, old chap. They deliver the papers every morning with my fresh-squeezed orange juice.” His voice dropped to its usual growl. “Course I don’t get no news.”
When he finally lay down in the dark, too worn by anxiety and dread to feel more than a dull weariness, he realized the lavender scent was still on his fingers. He brought his hands up and curled them under his nose. It was, it was--it was so little, not enough, just the ghost of a ghost, and for the first time since his father died John felt hot tears trickle over his face.
…but Sherlock hadn’t been dead.
“That doesn’t sound like very doctorly advice.”
“John. The man driving this car is one of my most trusted agents. He has been tasked with delivering you to a safe location. I assure you—“
Sherlock felt the smile curdle on his face.
A day ago John had still believed Sherlock would come swaggering home, but all along Sherlock had been wasting away into the ruined skeleton lying limp and still on the bed, face slack behind the oxygen mask. John could not look at him. He stared instead at the reassuring steadiness of the cardiac monitor.
“I will,” Sherlock said.
“Can we give this to Mycroft for Christmas?” John asked when he had stopped laughing.
There was a brief pause and then Sorcha: “Jacobite Taigh-solais, good to hear you’re okay. Anything to report?”
The worst of it was that Sherlock wanted it too. Now that he was with somebody he actually cared for, he
“What do most people your age use then?”
“No.”
Hey everyone, I'm posting this early because the wifi here is so useless--which is why I'm behind on comments too, but I promise to catch up! Happy weekend.
Jesus, Sherlock, you don’t even have any water.”
Trevor shrugged. “Either this works, and it doesn’t matter because we restore the integrity of the time stream and I’m back wherever I’m supposed to be, or it doesn’t, in which case I hope to die of natural causes before I reach the point I traveled from in any case.”
John woke up unable to remember the cause of his vague feeling of unease.  He lay there a few minutes, feeling sluggish, before the memory hit him: Sherlock; or rather,
“Oh, in a bit.”
“Woman’s,” Sherlock said, “New, 39, but the length of her stride shows she’s taller than her shoe size would indicate. Her boots are too small. That’s why she was hobbling a bit when we met her. I’ll tell Simon to inform her she needs to take her boots back.”
John popped up from behind the seat like a jack-in-the-box. “The hell he is.”
Sherlock spent the rest of the weekend getting nowhere. It was maddening: if he could just get out there, disappear into the streets of London where he felt most alive, he
“Of course. Coffee, please.” This was to the waiter. “Did you try the smoked salmon quiche? It’s delicious.”
“We should have gone to the beach. But that would have tipped him off, and I hate the beach, there would be sand in my shoes, and I’m not kissing in the rain, we’ve done that already, it was too wet, why do people like that, and besides it isn’t raining—“
Sherlock stared at him. “Say that again.”
“You know I don’t pay attention to the details of your transitory interests,” Sherlock snapped. “John, this is important, we need to—“
“And we’re usually happy to take it,” Ryan said. “No, it was Laura Benning. She pretty much told every reporter who called that he solved the whole thing single-handedly and was a hottie to boot—her words--and now they’re slobbering all over themselves hoping for a look.”
It was all John could think, running thorough his mind over and over: Sherlock alive, safe,
“Well, let’s go pick him up,” Roz said.
There was a distant metallic scraping noise and the dogs stopped barking, evidently pelting off on the scent of all the strangers who had trod through their territory that evening.
On her way home Julie bought a new burner phone, a cheap thing with no features but with prepaid minutes. When she reached her apartment she shucked her coat and boots, retrieved her old burner phone and pugged in the new one, and poured a glass of wine. It was after midnight in London, but her handler answered on the first ring, as she always did. “Jezebel.”
“All right,” he said. He knelt on the cold ground and took the cigarette. Ian broke into an enormous, relieved smile—James must have told him this was the moment he would be freed—and then a small red hole bloomed on his forehead and he slid sideways, the smile still on his face.
Young Tom snorted and John could not help a reluctant smile of his own. He did not need to look up to know what Young Tom would be thinking. “He had to grow up sometime,” Tom said, very softly.
“An explosion,” Sherlock said grimly.
“Not the schools. They were one of the few reforms that were almost universally popular, and if they were to close anywhere, it wouldn’t be Blastburn.”
Rodriguez, John thought, was not an easy man to shock, but now his mouth dropped open in astonishment. “
“John, what did Sherlock tell you about his assignment?”
Sherlock rubbed his finger very slightly against John’s. “I suppose it’s a good thing you’ve got me to keep you in line then, isn’t it?”
Upstairs in Abulleyev’s truly atrociously furnished living room—the late Abdulleyev, apparently, although the corpses were so riddled with bullets it was hard to be sure—Sherlock drank the rest of the water and downed two pain pills from a bottle someone found in a medicine cabinet. He didn’t bother to ask what they were. The pills kicked in on the way back, which was a mercy, although it meant Arslan and Rustam had to carry him in. The Russian doctor was already there, terse and efficient, and Sherlock drifted off again as his wounds were washed. He woke up briefly at the sing and burn of local anesthetic on his face—stitches, he realized blurrily—and then again when the doctor began to work on his arm.
Brilliant as the end of the night had been, Sherlock was still fresh off an abusive relationship—sort of—who had been sexually assaulted less than a week ago. John thought of Sherlock overwhelmed by John’s touch, his silent shaking climax, the way Sherlock folded in on himself as though his own pleasure were a shameful afterthought. “We’ll need to feed you up again first, get you fit for all that exercise.” A thought struck him. “Anyway, I’m guessing you won’t want to when you’re working, and surely you’ve cases waiting by now.”
John, whom Sherlock knew had been frequently tormented by the fax machine back when he actually had a job, laughed, and Sherlock had to admire Janine’s skill. Even though he certainly
The punch caught Sherlock off guard—rolling his eyes was clearly a mistake—and it knocked the back of his head squarely into the wall. The room went glittery again.
“And if the records match, you’ve got the warrant and can search the storage unit, and I’ve got Ellis sitting in my lap waiting for the handcuffs if you get the goods,” Rodriguez said. “I like it. Let’s go.”
“Here you go,” John announced briskly, setting the clothes on the bed. “I’ll be right back, I’m just going to pop down and bring up the extra blankets.” He retrieved the woolen blanket and the duvet from his sofa bed and carried it all back up the stairs. Sherlock had the jumper on and was struggling laboriously into the socks, a difficult task on his weak side.
“Just shove all that in the back,” Simon said when they got to his car, which had a haphazard pile of papers on the passenger seat.
“But you are lying,” Sherlock said simply. “You’re innocent. Oh, not of the housebreaking, you definitely did that, but you never killed that man.”
“James never mentioned his father,” Sherlock said.
“Right,” Gregson said, looking up. “John—“
John was watching anxiously for Mike to arrive the next morning, but as soon as he came through the door he knew it was no good. Mike shook his head. “I couldn’t find him,” he said apologetically. “He must have got up the stairs ahead of me. I asked a lad from your dorm to pass the word but he seemed confused, and then Minchin came through shouting and I had to hustle to my own dorm. I’ll try again tonight.”
Sherlock stood still a moment, considering. He had a perfect excuse to go downstairs, and would not even have to explain how he had managed to leave his room. Sherlock had never been particularly interested in food, but the thought of having a chance to go to the kitchen and eat whatever he liked—instead of waiting for whatever Cook sent up on a tray—was irresistible. Perhaps he could make himself an omelette; he did know that much about cookery. Or a cheese toastie! Sherlock’s mouth watered. That settled it, he was going for a snack.
” Sherlock gasped, staring raptly at thin air.
There was a low, outraged murmur, but Sherlock spoke over it. “Any male omegas should stay out of sight. Everyone else should be fine—you needn’t take more than usual care.”
Sherlock looked away.
It was almost a relief when Lestrade turned up, accompanied by a disgruntled looking woman who seemed familiar; she must belong to the local police.
“I know.” John’s voice broke on the words and he had to stop, swallowing hard. “I know you don’t. That’s why I have to go.”
like. You liked when I called you pretty; you turned pink as a girl every time.”
“We have to,” Sherlock snapped. “
That sounded just fine to John. He tried to keep as still as possible, breathing shallowly through his nose. After a few minutes he felt a fresh cloth settled carefully over his eyes. He thought of when he had been hurt in the race--that had been worse than this, surely, unless he had actually broken his head, which seemed possible. It would get better. Eventually. He lay very still, and after a while he drifted off to sleep again.
Augustbird:
“Well, Dr. Willfen,” Lestrade said, “We’re going to need to go to the Yard now, as I’m sure you realize. If you’d like to provide the name of your solicitor to Sergeant Donovan—“
the splendor of the sea,
John had reached his limit. “All right, enough,” he said, stepping forward; Sherlock stomped on his foot on his singleminded journey toward the window. “Stop it. I said
Sherlock slipped out of his bed and pressed himself up against the wood, not letting himself slide to the floor. “Everything’s fine. I’ve a plan, but I want to tell you face to face. Friday. All right?”
What was he talking about? Sherlock never forgot a face, and he was entirely certain he had never seen this man in his life.
“So I’ve got a little ‘un here,” Mrs. Jasper was saying. “You’d hear sooner or later so may as well get it out in the open. But I’m not working her, I give you my word.”
Sherlock would have ignored this too, but he actually wanted something from Mycroft, so he rang back. “I need all the files on Moriarty’s old network in London,” he said when Mycroft picked up. He’d combed through everything that had happened since his arrest and come up with nothing that would constitute a crime worth advertising by Moriarty standards. That included his own. He’d shot a man in front of a dozen witnesses and a security camera: hardly the crime of the century.
“No,” Sherlock said shortly. “I shall have to persuade him.”
“So how are you going to get him out?” John asked, distantly surprised at the calm in his voice.
“No, what?” Sherlock looked genuinely puzzled.
Alice Thewlis’s Instagram had many of the same pictures as the Facebook page, but her Selphie account had nothing more recent than several months ago. There were, however, several comments from a Felix Fowler, saying things like “I know you’re out there somewhere” and “I’ll never give up on you, no matter what your lying bitch of a mother says.”
“Well, it’s silly to plan anything before that happens, I suppose,” Sherlock said, “but I’m sure you’ll be run off your feet once she’s here, so if you’d like to brainstorm a bit I can do the legwork once I know what you’d like. And anyway it would be lovely to see you again.”
Sherlock turned this over. Perhaps it would help…besides, now of course he was curious. “Perhaps someday,” he said. “And perhaps someday I will tell you. But it was long ago. It was in another country, and besides, the bastard’s dead. Mycroft saw to that.”
“Every day. All day. All we want.”
Sherlock took Circe and began unfastening her bridle. “Remember I told you about Daniel stealing the chickens and how I identified him by the mud from his shoes? Well, I started thinking after that, and I decided that if I could identify from the soil on a person’s shoes where he’d been, it could be an invaluable tool in solving crimes. So I saved until I could buy a microscope, and now I’m collecting specimens of anything I can think of that might be found on the sole of a shoe. There are quite a lot.”
Mycroft rubbed at the back of his neck, looking unhappy. “All right. I’ll make arrangements to have her released—it’s hardly likely she poses much of a threat in herself. And you needn’t worry about my eavesdropping; I haven’t the leisure. I don’t think you realize, Sherlock, that there is enormous pressure on me to resolve not only this issue with the Moriarty transmissions but with Mirzayev. I’ll do what I can, but we’re running out of time.”
Sherlock stared at him. “And go where?”
“Don’t be excited she kissed you,” Billy said, sounding exactly like the the little brother John had been himself. “She kisses everybody.”
“Huh,” John said. “What do you think?”
“Is that--I mean to say--does the Earl know?” Davy asked.
John’s phone rang. “Hey, it’s him,” he said and hit the speaker button. “Sherlock?”
“Of course I don’t,” John said, horrified. “Bloody hell, Sherlock.”
“That’s what you thought,” Sherlock said finally, looking at John again. There was bitter amusement in his face. “You thought I was raped. Someone in prison made me his bitch? Bend over and fetch me that soap, pretty boy? Oh no. I promise you, John, I consented to every single act. I initiated it. I
“Oh, my God, you--I’m sorry--” John tried to reach to wipe his face but Sherlock shoved his hand away.
“Oh, you know that, do you?”
“Lovely. And where are we?”
“They’ve done this before, haven’t they,” John whispered.
“Oh yeah,” John said, remembering. He hadn’t made linguine with clam sauce in years; Mary had been allergic to shellfish. “I don’t think there’s linguine though, we’ll have to make do with spaghetti…we’ll need a white wine. Do you have a corkscrew?”
“Who the hell are you?” Jessica demanded.
. You wouldn’t let me last night, and I’ve been waiting to see what you taste like for
“It’s, well, I don’t know what it is,” Mr. Gregson said. “Let’s read the envelope. John, you do the honors, you’re our reader.”
On and on. Sherlock limp against the mattress now, whimpering every time John wrung another orgasm from his exhausted, trembling body. He thought perhaps he couldn’t manage it—that he was too far gone, that John would go on fucking him until they both collapsed from exhaustion—but then John, sensing his desperation, leaned forward and pressed the flat of his tongue against the raw bondbite. The sensation jolted through Sherlock and he shouted. John pushed in again, mouth still hot on his neck, and it was too much too much too much and then the knot pushed home and Sherlock’s mind whited out in a supernova that sent him tumbling straight into darkness.
John unfastened Sherlock’s trousers and reached into his pants to pull out his cock, which was still mostly soft but hardening rapidly. He fumbled around a bit with the strange angle—a lot better used to doing this on himself—but finally got it right and set to work, pulling on Sherlock’s cock with brisk efficiency. Sherlock’s head thumped against the wall and John felt him still, all that vibrating intensity draining away and leaving him tense but docile. In a few minutes his breathing picked up and his hips began jerking, thrusting forward into John’s fist, and John got out of the way just as Sherlock gasped soundlessly and came spurting into his hand.
They jumped in the loft until it grew too dark to see and then settled into John’s narrow bed. It was strange having someone else next to him, and John felt the ache of missing Sherlock more keenly than he had in some time; but Billy’s warm weight was comfortable at his side, and he soon grew sleepy.
John scoffed. “Right. I’ve seen that orange swill you lot pass off as marmalade. It’s not fit to catch flies.”
She gave a sharp bark of hoarse laughter and for a moment he caught a glimpse of the bold girl who had teased him when she first came. “I’m no one’s missus,” she said and then caught her breath in a groan.
John took the sheaf of papers, frowned, and passed them over to Sherlock.
Sherlock glared at him. “It’s beastly hot and I wanted to go swimming. I haven’t been swimming in
“I asked my grandmother if I could go to St. Albans with you,” James said. The day was overcast and they were sitting behind the pool wall, furtively smoking cigarettes. Sherlock had gotten a lot better at this since his first attempt, but he almost choked at James’ announcement.
O’Dowd groaned. “He is. It’s ridiculous. We all know he’s gay. He’d go sneaking out, come back with beard burn—it was so obvious! But he won’t admit it.”
Quicker than John would have thought possible, they were at the gate. Sherlock paused with his hand on the latch once they were through. “We can’t just--”
“Oh, come on, Sherlock, I’m starving. We haven’t had a proper dinner in ages.”
“It was white, I think. A child’s bed. Low to the ground. Why?”
The pages of a book in a house full of secrets. “Beware the Reichstag fire,” he murmured.
John laughed. “Not if I knew how. Maybe you can teach me some day.”
“Just tell the truth and throw yourself on his mercy,” Tom advised. “I don’t think you’ll get in too much trouble. He might actually be pleased you’ve been with a girl--put everyone’s mind at rest.”
“There, is, yes, but it takes much more time to travel from the airport,” Werner said. “There is the road, there…we have a guard house. On the other side are all cliffs, so you see, very safe.”
“Mmmm. Buy biscuits,” Sherlock said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” John said, involuntarily.
heard anything?”
“Oh, hell,” Young Tom said, coming out to peer despondently at the bag. “Just leave it against the wall there, all right? I’ll take it round the farm tomorrow in a barrow.”
The man sighed. “All right.” He leaned across the counter and John took the hint and leaned in as well. “I got some stuff for pain. Beta health service doesn’t provide anything anymore, not the good stuff, and what you can get other places ain’t enough for some. It’ll cost, though, I’m not giving samples out of that.”
John grinned at her. He had been looking forward to their night at the pub, but going with Len and Danny as well would be a rare treat, and actually he was curious about
“Oh,” John said, clearly taken aback. “Er…you mean you don’t, er, recently?”
“Hoo hoo,” Mrs. Hudson said cheerily, bringing in a tea tray laden with biscuits and cakes. “I’ve brought a little snack! Everything all right with your errand?”
“What’s the other thing?”
“Yes?” Rupinder wasn’t laughing, at least not yet. She was actually starting to look a bit worried at the way he was just standing there, having apparently been struck mute.
“Yes, you read a word, John! Well done! Now you.”
“I’m opposed to new people,” Sherlock said a bit sulkily. He’d rather liked Gregson, whose supreme self-confidence kept anyone from questioning Sherlock’s presence at crime scenes too forcefully; this Lestrade didn’t sound as though he carried the same authority.
“It had to be Abdulleyev’s guys,” Elyer was dirty but unhurt; his eyes kept straying to the room he shared with Anvar, who had been shot in the thigh. A Russian doctor had arrived a few minutes ago and been taken back to the room by Samirelliev. A third man, Soslan, had been shot in the chest and had to be taken to hospital, a move which was usually avoided if at all possible. “But how did they know where we were going to be?”
, this one combined with a crunch of branches. The prince and the sheep both jumped.
“52 Roscommon Square. It’s not too far from Emma Ballinger’s neighborhood; a couple of tube stops, though that’s not proof of anything.”
Their drinks arrived in litre-sized plastic containers and Sherlock stared at his in open dismay. “It’s cold!”
“Are we not going to the Yard then?”
They hit the bed and fell onto it, bumping the remote and somehow turning the volume on the television all the way up. John sat up and froze, looking over Sherlock’s shoulder. “Wait, is that—is that the guy you were with? Are you watching him on telly? Which one is he?”
John closed the file and then,
“Then yes.” John took a breath and blew the warm air over Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock giggled a little, stifled another cough, and curled himself tighter so that he was almost completely buried in blankets. John rested his cheek against the soft curls and fell asleep, content.
John slid his arm around and wrapped it around Sherlock’s narrow waist as his tremors subsided. He felt an absurd urge to stroke his hair, say something tender and ridiculous,
“Hey, Sherlock, it’s okay,” Roz interrupted. “The guy is stopped, that’s what matters, and now the others—“
Janine’s dark eyes lit with interest. “Order me that crème brulee and tell me everything, and we’ll see.”
“But you are a legend.”
Sherlock opened his mouth but John cut him off. “Sherlock, play nice, or Sally will take her toys and go home. And to answer your question, Sally, one of my best mates from the Army and his wife had their first baby a few months ago. I went with some of the lads for the weekend so we could take him out for one last epic pub crawl, and we helped him put the cot together next day. I learned more than I ever wanted to know about baby furniture, believe me.” He looked over at Sherlock.
“Changing room.”
were doing anything.”
“So what do you want to do?” John asked, trying to keep his tone light. “Lots of lovely hiking out there…I think I see a waterfall, look.”
“Oh Christ do it again,” John gasped.
“Well, they haven’t had the chance to get to know you yet,” Donovan said around a mouthful of chips. “Give them a few days and they’ll start running like the rest of us.”
John shrugged. “Dunno. Maybe.”
“Oh sweet Jesus,” Michael gasped. “Sorry, breaking my own rules, I’m trying to hold back but you’re just—“
“No, it’s much better, he’s amazing! From what John writes, you can tell everything about someone just by looking at them, isn’t that right?”
Sherlock, predictably, refused to eat the macaroni and cheese. By evening they were driving each other mad: John sniping at Sherlock for his incessant fidgeting and Sherlock at John for constantly checking his phone, “as though the signal were suddenly to vanish in
“And then nothing, and then up here…”
John smiled down at him and dipped his fingers in the cup of water, bringing them to brush gently at Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock opened his mouth, letting the water fall in, and John repeated the action over and over, until Sherlock’s eyes drifted closed without leaving John’s face, and he grew slack in John’s arms.
“Sherlock, you know that addiction—“
“Good lad.” Dr. Woodcourt squeezed his shoulder briefly. “You are excused from your other duties for the duration, of course.”
The Commander returned home next afternoon. Sherlock saw him arrive; he was sitting in the chair by the window, changing his shoes after his walk in the park, when the car pulled up. Phillips hurried out with an umbrella and John smoothly closed the door after the commander and moved around to the driver’s seat, untroubled by the rain. None of them glanced up at Sherlock.
Whatever Sherlock had slurped from the sink was not likely to be enough for 36 hours. Sherlock took the water bottle obediently, drank about a third, and handed it back without ever opening his eyes.
Patrick studied him. “You said you’d been on the run. On the run from what?”
Sherlock sat up for hours after he had left Mycroft and Trevor to their own devices, staring unseeing out the window in their suite. He gingerly sifted through his fading memories, organizing them into neat files and then packing them away into a tidy little cabinet in his mind palace, tucked behind a hidden panel, carefully locked. He didn't really want to see them again. Then he settled in to muse about his conversation with Trevor. Sherlock was so deep in his own head that he didn't even hear John come stumbling in until he clambered right onto Sherlock's lap in the armchair.
“John!”
“Er…no,” Sherlock said. Now that he was here he was realizing that he would be expected to make a purchase and establish his lawbreaking bona fides before getting anywhere. Heroin wasn’t something he’d ever found appealing, but needs must, and anyway maybe he
yet. He was close now, slick wet everywhere and every nerve ending in his pelvis tingling; usually by this point he was desperate to knot but now he was nearly out of his mind with sheer bliss. He could feel his knees touch the mattress as his body opened, the stretch alone making him shudder and spurt. He was almost there, the edge of orgasm rising in his toes and fingertips and moving inexorably inwards. John was everywhere, his scent, the weight of his body, his roar in Sherlock’s ears, the animal thrust of his hips. He could feel himself expanding, the inner ring aching to be filled, John’s huge cock somehow no longer enough, and at the same time the pleasure rushing inward mounting and mounting and…John’s bulging knot slid home and Sherlock cried out as he contracted around him and his arms and legs flew up as the
