The ferret glared at him, still snarling and spitting. It's back was arched and it tail was puffed and held high.
Castiel only had one number on his phone, but he did not hesitate to press on the contact and dial the number.
I hope everyone had a great week and has an even better weekend! Stay safe my friends and let me know what you think :)
Something tickled at the back of Castiel's mind and he struggled to remember what it was. Something to do with the Campbells, a family led by the archangel Samuel Campbell. Their daughter had had white wings, but she hadn't gone missing. Samuel had only said she'd moved away. This was years ago, of course, before their family had been killed.
“Thank goodness we have our lovely omegas to take care of us.” Mr. Kelly continued, seemingly oblivious. He smiled at his wife, who blushed and ducked her head.
“I know,” Castiel said. He squeezed Dean’s hand. “You’ll get to know him, though. He already knows you, too.”
Dean carried Adam and his backpack up the stairs to the apartment because, infuriatingly, Adam had learned to make puppy eyes from Sam, and Adam didn't like to go up stairs.
He had barely started on the first pot when he heard the bathroom lock click. Hesitant footsteps sounded in the hallway, then the familiar peered around.
Afterwards, Castiel and Dean went back to the house for dinner. As he did every day, Dean insisted on cooking for Castiel. The familiar had revealed to Castiel that he enjoyed cooking, so Castiel gladly allowed him to do so. That evening, Dean made them lasagna.
There was no doubt that Dean was attracted to Castiel. He’d taken the job already aware of this. But Dean had overestimated his self-control. There was something about Cas that drew Dean in. It had been barely two weeks, and already Dean found himself longing a bit. Everytime that happened he quickly shook the thoughts away and reprimanded himself.
“Explain.” He growled, crossing his arms. He allowed his composure to break, so the room suddenly stank with the sulphuric scent of angry omega.
Dean helped them get settled down on a couple of the bean-bag chairs. Adam started reading the book to Claire while she watched.
Without waiting for an answered, the human, Jo, grabbed his arm and yanked him up. Castiel cried out in the biting pain in his shoulder, feet kicking to find purchase underneath him.
“It wasn’t like it was any trouble, Cas.” Dean said, ducking his head. “We all went on the hunt together.”
Anyways... I hope everyone has a great weekend and stays safe! Thanks again for your patience and support :)
Dean let Charlie and Jack force him onto the Little Mermaid ride, which was basically the same type of ride as the Haunted Mansion. He really enjoyed the Cars ride, mostly because it involved cars. The Guardians of the Galaxy ride was probably the worst thing that Dean had ever been on and it was very difficult for him to not throw up after that. It reminded him too much of a plane falling and crashing. The others seemed to enjoy it, but Dean never wanted to go on it again.
Dean sighed from the corner. Then Castiel watched as the other angel stood and slowly limped over to their shared bars. Dean dropped into a heap next to Castiel.
The ferret jumped up immediately, puffed like a cat. It screeched horrible and charged towards Castiel. It leaped off the bed and towards Castiel. Mid-jump, the spell seemed to kick in and the ferret seem to shimmer.
Castiel dressed Jack in a onesie designed to look like it had a tie. He managed to leave only fifteen minutes behind schedule. He was getting better at packing the baby-bag and getting Jack ready to go.
"And he watches Adam?" Castiel guessed. He was unprepared for the flash of guilt that crossed Dean's features.
Dean looked at him with achingly raw desperation, but Castiel could focus on nothing but the feeling of his heart beating in his ears.
"Yes." Dean took out the forms and passed them over. Castiel took a pen and signed his own signature.
Angels hardly ever got sick, though they could if they were weakened, so it wasn't unlikely that Dean was just sick.
They flew over the thing, then, Castiel was hit with a radiant burst of his grace that took his breath away. Grace flooded through him and powered his wings, so Castiel was suddenly shoot up much higher in the sky. His wings felt stronger and his body felt healthier.
Claire was practically bouncing as Castiel got her dressed and fed. He didn't do her hair, Dean would be doing that. Claire sat with one of her picture books while Castiel got himself ready.
Dean quickly fell into the a more professional role after that. It wasn't hard to talk to Claire. It was significantly more difficult for Dean to talk to Cas (
"Alright, jeez." Dean grumbled. He closed his eyes and his brows furrowed as he concentrated. Castiel watched as Dean seemed to shimmer. Seconds later, a brown tabby cat stood in front of him and on top of Dean's clothes (which were really just Castiel's spare clothing). Dean's nose twitched and his ears flickered. He was probably adjusting to his new senses.
Castiel closed his eyes and tried to clear his mind. He grasped onto his bond with Dean and reached for Dean's reserve. It flowed to him without restraint and Castiel was washed over in Dean's refreshing magic. He let out a breath.
The familiar stared, looking dubious. Castiel ignored him in favor of finishing up the coffee. He put the first cup on the far end of the kitchen counter, leaving plenty of room between himself and the familiar. He took the second cup and sat down.
Someone knocks on his door, breaking Dean from his thoughts. Dean knows who it is without having to ask.
Dean turns off all of the lights and drags himself to bed with a bucket in case his nausea returns. He doesn’t quite fall asleep, but he manages to doze for most of the day.
“Humans ‘present’ as either alpha, beta, or omega when they’re teenagers and go through puberty.” Sam explained. “So we’ve all got a designation.”
hard to focus. He drew away and took Dean's hand. They stumbled towards the backdoor that led to the rest of the house, both unwilling to stop touching of the other and still trying to move as quickly as possible.
“Well,” Dean said, “Whatever the reason, I still have to disagree with you on our equality. There will always be more expectations and rules, unspoken as they may be, for you and I because of our royal status. I will never be a ‘free’ omega.”
Scent spiking with rage, John lunged forward. Even though Castiel was feeling sick and weak, John was no match for him. Castiel was much younger and stronger than John, and he hadn’t spent the majority of his life trying to reach the bottom of the bottle.
Claire’s picture was drawn in crayon. Castiel recognized himself and Claire, but standing around them were Dean, Adam, and Sam.
Water filled all of Castiel’s senses, making him flounder around in a panic. He breached the surface, gasping for breath.
been so insulted in my life!" Castiel winced and pulled a little bit away from the phone. "I was going to be professionally courteous and stay for the remainder of the day, but I am leaving as soon as I get my things together! I don't care if there's no other arrangement to watch after Claire, I'm leaving!"
Castiel jolted at the voice in his head. Dean was biting his lip and looking away, obviously nervous.
The next morning was the worst of Dean’s life. He spent the whole time trying his best not to show how scared and unhappy he was, which was made even harder with Sam full on sobbing. John scolded him once about alphas not crying, but Sam ignored him and Dean was proud, even under all the bitter feelings, to see his brother be himself.
Dean’s face was pink again and he was breathing quickly. Castiel felt his own heart beating in his ears.
"Sometimes I will heal injured animals I come across." Castiel answered. "I also use it when I am carving or making things for my shop."
"Dean's not broken." Castiel said before he could stop himself. Alastair's eyes darkened. He grabbed onto Castiel's hair and yanked his head back.
Larger chairs had replaced the small, child-sized ones for the cluster of desks nearest to the front. Dean figured it was for the adults to sit down.
“Fine, fine. I guess I’m grateful if I have to be stuck in this fucking universe, I’m glad it’s with all of you.”
Castiel settled in the living room on the couch with a book. He waited to see how Dean would be joining him. Dean lingered in the doorway, looking unhappy.
At nearly three months, Dean knew his time with Castiel was coming to an end. He figured that if he were to do anything, it should be now, and perhaps he was feeling a little bolstered by Gabriel’s apparent support (or, really, his lack of opposition).
"Just do it." Dean said. Castiel hesitated a moment, then he shuffled towards Dean's cell and pressed himself against the bars between them. Dean's arm, tan despite the lack of light but thin due to his time here, reached between the bars. Hand-shaped bruises covered his flesh. Castiel took his wrist delicately and leaned down to breathe in Dean's scent.
One such day came about nearly a month and a half into his stay. Dean still hadn’t met with the King, but he was okay with that. The longer he was out of Lucifer’s radar, the better.
He was far less confident in his own abilities. Yes, he’d taken classes and read books in preparation, but that was all very different from the real thing. He’d never been the best with children in the past, he’d always felt so awkward without Dean there to entertain.
Dean did not go into the office (he remembered it was off limits), but he paused at Cas’s bedroom. Would it be weird to go in and clean? Probably it would be inappropriate. After a moment of debate, Dean decided not to go in. Best to respect the alpha’s boundaries.
If Dean quit, both Claire and Castiel would be crushed. Then, Castiel would have to go through the process of finding another nanny for Claire. Claire would no doubt hate whoever he’d hire, and Naomi would think it her business to offer nannies for Claire.
Sighing, Castiel sat up. He thought he knew what might help him feel better, he just didn't want to ask.
The front of Dean's wings took much less time to groom since Dean could better reach this area. When Castiel was completely finished, he leaned back and allowed Dean some space. Dean's eyes were half-lidded and he continued to purr.
Now though, Dean did not mind it too much. He did not think it was because he was an omega, but more likely because it allowed him some quiet time to himself and the result was a clean space that reduced Dean’s stress.
"Thank you, Dean." Castiel said. He focused back on his flowers, closed his eyes, and evened his breathing. He sought out for Dean with his magic and found it almost immediately. This time, instead of being shoved back by a barrier, Castiel was allowed a hesitant entrance. Dean's magic reserve seemed to course with power. It was incredible to feel the magic wash over Castiel. It was invigorating and stimulating, like coming up for fresh air or reaching the top of a mountain. Castiel felt Dean's power surge through Castiel. It was beautiful and bright. Lively.
Immediately, pain and fire coursed through Castiel and his writhed. He put everything into keeping his wards up, but they were quickly failing.
Sam turned to look at Goofy as the character marched towards them. Dean took a step back as Goofy neared, but Sam stayed still. Goobf, who was fucking short, grabbed Sam by the collar and
Castiel left a little earlier than usual, wanting to get home as soon as possible. Balthazar kindly did not mention his nervous state.
“You can always come to Ellen or me if ya’ need anything.” Bobby said. “Now, let me get a good look at that grandson of mine.”
Castiel made himself a cup of herbal tea to help calm his nerves. It did help his trembling, but there was still leftover anxiety pulsing in his veins.
“You’re acting weirdly around him.” Charlie pointed out. “Cas really cares for you, Dean, anyone can see that, you don’t have to worry about him leaving again.”
“I thought you were gone.” Castiel croaked. “I thought I’d be without you forever. I thought Jack would gro- grow up without you!”
Charlie quickly assigned herself as the manager and directed Castiel with hanging banners and streamers and setting up balloons.
Sam took their passes and ran to get fast passes for Splash Mountain while Dean and the others got in line. He joined them when he got back. The line was an hour long, which would’ve been way less fun if he hadn’t been with his family. It went by quickly with them there.
Dean’s laugh quickly turned to a moan as Castiel worked to show him exactly how happy he was with his anniversary gift.
"The alpha angel's up." Jo said. She joined the other woman behind the counter. The humans looked over at Castiel, making him tense and uncomfortable.
It took only a second for the receptionist to pull up the floor and office that Charlie was in. She smiled at Dean as he thanked her and headed over to the elevator. Charlie was on floor 7, so it took a moment for the elevator to get there. It also took a while for Dean to find Charlie's office, but once he had he knocked on the door.
"Thank you, Dean." Castiel replied drily. "Let's get started." He busied himself with the garden, not giving Dean much an option to reply. Dean appeared next to him as a young buck. At this time of year, the buck's horns were still velvety and soft. Castiel fought the urge to brush his hand against it.
Castiel stopped himself from grimacing. He really wanted to spend the weekend with Claire, but that wasn't an excuse that would deter April.
Dean put each of their pizzas in the oven and set the timer, then they settled down to watch movies together. There weren't many movies that all three of them enjoyed, especially since Adam was much younger than Sam, but they could think of a few that they could all watch (it was mostly action-movies without too much blood and innuendos that would go over Adam's head).
Castiel was completely mystified. He'd never known an angel to be able to feel their grace when strong wards were  affecting them.
That Thanksgiving meal was probably one of the greatest things that Dean had ever made, in his own humble opinion. The best part was the three types of pie at the end: apple, cherry, and pumpkin.
Just as they were about to leave the house, Castiel's phone began to ring. He paused and answered it without looking at it.
Castiel looked to Dean. "But he has been responding to me. He transformed into a koala when I asked him to and then back into a human. I felt him reaching for me across our bond, even though it was already broken."
Dean nodded. He let Castiel help him onto his feet and guide him to the car. Castiel was appreciative of Dean’s acceptance of Castiel’s possessive and protective behavior. Usually, Dean shrugged it off, but he must have sensed how Castiel’s alpha instincts were going crazy.
Well, that’s not completely true anymore. Dean is managing more and more often to get some small talk out of Cas. Castiel is usually pretty tight-lipped, but Dean just throws around some of his charm and asks about his life and Cas ends up opening up a little.
"Yes, well said, April." Mr. Kelly said. "We can always call for a sitter to watch over her, and the property is large so she'll enjoy herself."
"Alright." Castiel murmured. He started scratching Dean again and the familiar let out a content sigh.
“We should get moving.” Dean said. “There’s no telling what kind of fucked up creatures are in this universe.”
Castiel dressed Jack and got a bag of baby supplies together. He spent a long time trying to decide what Jack needed and what he might need. In the end, Castiel packed almost everything. Better safe than sorry.
Dean loved the attention probably way more than he should have, but who wouldn’t want the attention of a gorgeous and kind alpha?
Dean tentatively pushed himself up and towards Castiel. Cas took his hand and led them towards their room. Dean ignored Gabe and Sam’s teasing calls. They were idiots.
They were in a meadow surrounded by thick forest. Maybe it was lucky they had landed there instead of in the forest. Perhaps the branches would've broken their fall, perhaps they would've made it worse. Either way, it was more dangerous to be unconscious in the woods than a meadow, so Castiel decided it was a tiny fracture of good fortune.
Castiel tried not to feel hurt by the thought. Dean was entitled to his own private thoughts and knowledge, Castiel hadn't shared everything with him just because they were the imprisoned together. But, what could Dean know that was so important?
He eyed Gabriel suspiciously for another moment until the other rolled his eyes and threw up his arms in exasperation.
Dean wakes up with his head tucked under Cas’s chins and Cas’s arms wrapped around his torso. It’s the most comfortable he’s been for a very long time and he feels overwhelmingly happy and safe. He doesn’t want to get up, but his stomach has already started growling (it’s what woke him in the first place) and Dean has an inkling that Cas is going to be hungry too.
"Aha." April said. She looked away, her mouth pulling into a tight line. Castiel did not have to look at Naomi to know that she was displeased. Luckily, the waiters came out to serve the first course of the meal.
"How do you explain this?!" Castiel yelled. He held the photo album up to Dean's face. Dean looked desperately between the album and Castiel.
As the sun lifted higher and the day grew warmer, Castiel began to feel better. He stood up and stretched, then moved around to his back shed. He ran a small novelty gift shop for a living, selling various things like small plotted plants, weak, white magically-charmed talismans and amulets, colorful gemstones, herbs for tea, and wooden carvings. His house was rather secluded, but there was a sign at the end of his long dirt driveway advertising the trinkets he sold. Most of his customers were tourists passing by that wanted something to give to their friends and family.
“I’ll fucking kill you if you do.” Dean replied. He let out a string of curse words as another contraction hit.
Two and a half weeks went by until Castiel actually saw Dean in person. He caught sight of the blonde rushing through the halls after class.
Richard Kelly sat at the head of the table, with his wife to his left and Naomi next to her. April was at Mr. Kelly’s right side and the seat next to her was open.
“No, I was just trying to understand your reasoning. You said that Dean hasn’t done anything to you, right? Why not give him a chance? Not all jocks are bad.”
"You're not very perceptive are you?" Dean asked drily. Castiel felt his anger flare up once more and he opened his mouth to say that
He hesitated before knocking. As soon as Jimmy had told Castiel what had happened with Dean, Castiel had come to the conclusion that Dean meant to ask Castiel out, and not Jimmy. But what if Castiel had been wrong? What if Dean really did want to ask out Jimmy?
Dean continued to limp, so Castiel slipped Dean's arm over Castiel's head to help take some of the omega's weight and steady him. Dean gritted his teeth, either because the movement hurt him or he didn't want help. Castiel wasn't sure. Perhaps both. Regardless, Dean did not say anything and Castiel continued to support him.
"Are you ready to go again?" Castiel asked. Dean had a large magic reserve, but the beginning uses could be taxing on both of them until they got used to it.
Dean pulled his arms back down. “Oh. Uh, yeah. No problem, man. I almost crashed us, though, so I dunno if you really want to be thanking me.”
Castiel stood and squared his shoulders, preparing himself for whatever was coming. He couldn't help but hope that it was the angel army coming to rescue him, even though they were here, in Hell.
Castiel nodded. He thought about telling Sam and Gabe where everything was, but his house was still a mess and everything was in plain sight, so they shouldn’t have trouble finding something they might need.
She jumped up with far too much energy and headed for the exit. Dean took one last gulp of his Bloody Bancor and then followed his friend.
The walls were barren and wooden. The ceiling was low. There was no other furniture besides the two cots and a side table that held the oil lamp.
Gabriel looked sympathetic rather than offended. “I know it’s been a lot for you, these past few months. Truth be told, I don’t think I could go through with something like this.”
"Let's go, Deano!" Gabriel ignored him and practically skipped out of the kitchen towards the garden.
For the rest of the day, he did whatever Claire wanted. Maybe it wasn't the best to earn her affection back like this, but Castiel couldn't help himself. He wanted so badly to make it up to her that he let her choose all the activities of the day. Unfortunately, this involved much more Disney karaoke than Castiel typically preferred. Apparently, Claire was an expert on singing too, if the way she critically judged Castiel's attempts was any indication. She enjoyed herself a lot. Castiel... not so much.
There was a little shirt hanging on a rack. It took Dean a moment to realize the shirt was a onesie. A baby onesie. The onesie was white with a large cartoon bee on the front. The caption said, “I have the best dads.”
Castiel shrugged. "I noticed that you were friendlier with Benny than you normally are with customers."
Dean let out an annoyed huff. “Because! I’m stubborn and I say hurtful shit even when I don’t mean it. I push him away all the time. Plus, what if he’s not even into guys? Or people, in general? He’s a fucking angel, after all.”
Castiel growled when one demon slapped Dean's butt as Dean passed, but Dean made no indication of caring. The demons guided Dean out of the dungeons and left Castiel waiting. He stood for a while, trying to catch a sound of something, but then gave up. It was useless.
Castiel held himself stiffly throughout the first course while his mother and Mr. Kelly chatted away. Occasionally they would bring April and Castiel into the conversation, if only to highlight a feature about one of them. Naomi gushed about how Castiel did excellent and crucial work within the company. Mr. Kelly talked about how April was integral in their family's firm. Castiel thought this was a lie. With traditional families, like Castiel's own, the omegas were often expected to be homemakers and if they got any sort of higher education is was purely a way to show off. Castiel knew that April had gotten her law degree, but it was unlikely that she was actually practicing law.
Adam and Claire had entered the kitchen too quietly for Dean to hear. Claire ran to Sam and threw her arms around him. Sam sent Dean a panicked look that made Dean snort.
"Up and at 'em, little birdies." One demon said. Castiel glared and glanced at Dean. The angel beside him was pale in the morning light. He had dark bags underneath his eyes and dirt smudge on his cheek. Castiel thought he looked breathtaking.
"That would be acceptable, though I would still like to see you in other forms. It is fascinating that you can be so many of them."
“How do you know?” Dean demanded, turning to Castiel and taking a big whiff. He could only smell rain.
He’s actually very proud of what he accomplished. Besides the whole not remembering anything thing, Dean thinks he’s doing well. Sure, he’ll be in a motel for a while until he can get an apartment, but it feels strangely natural to stay at the motel.
"Yeah, yeah." Dean moved to gesture at Castiel and Gabriel. "These two helped me get back. Bobby, this is my witch, Castiel, and his brother Gabe."
"Yes." Castiel said slowly. "I think that would be the safest place for you. There will be angels that can keep you safe. The both of you."
“Listen, Cassie,” Gabe said sternly, “You did not ruin Dean. Think about how miserable John makes Dean. Do you really think you should be listening to his opinion when you know he’s been a shit father to Sam and Dean?”
Dean entered his cell silently. He went straight to the far corner, but the one away from Castiel's cell.
Now, though, Castiel wasn’t so sure that Claire had completely accepted what Castiel and Dean had said. He recognized the steely expression Claire wore (he had seen it plenty of times in Dean’s features and his own). He knew that Claire had built up the courage to come to Castiel and ask about it. He also knew that Claire had come to him alone for a reason, and not him and Dean.
He was fuming and without a destination, so Dean ended up driving in circles for a good thirty minutes before he managed to calm himself down enough to pull over and take out his phone.
I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy despite everything that's happening (holy cow this year has been terrible)
Dean goes to bed around ten. He has no urge to stay up and watch television, unless it happens to be an episode of Doctor Sexy, which he discovered he very much enjoys. Going to bed a little early works out since Dean has to be up by six. His body soaks up the eight hours of sleep and begs for more, so Dean gets the feeling that he didn’t get much sleep in the past.
Once again, thanks for waiting patiently, I hope you guys had a great holiday time and that the new year is treating y'all well (RIGHT NOW IT'S RAINING AND I LOVE IT)
"Better than I expected." Castiel said, smirking at Gabriel as the beta let out an indignant huff. "You ready to go?"
Castiel took Jack down the too-familiar hallways to Dean’s room. As always, he lifted Jack from his carrier and carefully propped him up on Dean’s chest. Jack settled and let out sweet huffing noises. Castiel sat down on the nearest chair and grabbed Dean’s hand.
"We'd been getting threats." Dean continued after a couple of moments. "Witches wanted to bond with me, and they were tired of me saying no. The last letter I received said they would take it out on Sammy, my brother, unless I complied, so I ran away. I hoped that I could lead the witches away from my family. Didn't take long for a bunch of the fuckers to catch up with me."
They fell silent again, though Castiel's mind was loud as he tried to decipher Dean's emotions. Dean was unsatisfied with something, and that made Castiel's hairs stand on end. He wanted to provide everything for Dean.
It was for the best. Dean spent the most of his heat out of his mind with pure need. He thought he must have yelled Cas’s name a few times, but no one ever confronted him or reprimanded him about calling for someone other than his royal Intended so he figured it must have been in his head.
“You’re not wrong,” Dean said quietly. “Most days it does feel like he’s gone too. It’s easier for Sam to be angry with him, I think, because he never knew our dad the way I did. But I guess I’m still kind of hoping that someday he’ll get sober, or something, and start being my dad again.”
"Oh." April said, sounding upset. "I see. Well, if you want to cancel the evening, I completely understand-"
“I thought you were trying to make a deal, or something, and you didn’t come home last night! What was I supposed to do?!”
He watched the vampires get into Baby, ‘cause Dean had been an idiot and in too much of a rush to take her keys out, and saw them drive away.
, Dean had to remind himself) and address their feelings. In the end, though Mr. Novak was very professional about it all, and Dean found himself alone with Claire.
"Your daddy is mean, Claire." Gabriel said. Then he caught sight of Claire's colored nails. "Gotta say, I'm really digging the nails."
Castiel thought that his favorite thing to do with Jack was to hold him up against his chest and neck. Jack had formed a familial scent bond with Castiel already, but his senses were still developing and so he’d often wrinkle his nose and scrunch his face when met with a strong or new scent. When Castiel propped Jack up against his chest, he could see his son’s nose twitching as he recognized Castiel. Castiel liked to press his nose to Jack’s head. Jack smelled fresh and sweet. There was no distinct scent yet, and there likely wouldn’t be for a few months at least. But still, Castiel was enraptured.
"Of course." Castiel said. Claire followed him to the kitchen and watched him make the pancakes. At her request, he added chocolate chips and blueberries. Claire also wanted them to be heart-shaped, which Castiel struggled with immensely. Claire appreciated the effort.
“That’s creepy.” Dean said as he looked in the closet and found an almost exact replica of his pajamas back home. “You good if I take a shower?”
"I have come to care for you very greatly, Dean. You are an instrumental part of my life now. I cannot imagine how it would be without you. Probably dull and lonely. You provided me with company that I denied myself. It would be difficult, to say the least, to return to that state."
The line clicked off and began to hum mockingly in Castiel's ear. With an aggravated snarl, Castiel slammed the phone back down on the receiver and stood, his chair pushed violently back behind him.
Castiel swam as quickly as he could to the back of the boat, heart nearly bursting in his chest. His thoughts were a mantra of “Something’s there, something’s there, something’s there.”
"You're a lot of trouble, aren't you?" Alastair said, his thumb rubbing over Dean's chin. Dean swallowed.
Dean relented. "So obviously you know that I'm pretty powerful. I come from a pretty powerful family. I'm not bonded, so there's kind of a lot of witches who want to bond with me. I wouldn't want to put my family in danger if anyone tried to use my family to get to me."
Sam got home a little more than half an hour after Dean and Adam. He liked to walk home so he could stop by the library.
"Dean never knew anything." Bobby said, gesturing to the picture. "John never told him or Sam, as far as I knew. He was ashamed of it."
Finally, the ferret settled down on Castiel's shoulder. It pressed itself against Castiel's neck, small claws digging through the thin pajama fabric.
The guards dragged him, kicking and screeching, all the way back to the dungeons. They uncuffed him and then flung him into his cell and locked up
“I didn’t even realize it was Dean until Amelia asked me what he had wanted. I guess someone told her that Dean and I made a scene, or something,” Jimmy said.
“Even when you’re being stubborn or trying to rile me up, Your Highness, I never consider myself to be ‘dealing’ with you. Quite the contrary, I enjoy all our time together.”
Castiel and Gabriel continued into the city. Dean gave small peeps and indications of direction that they followed. They stopped when they reached a junkyard full of cars. A sign in front read "Singer Auto Salvage." There was a house not far in, surrounded by cars.
“Oh, lay off, mom. The best chance for your next grandkid is with Dean and Cas.” Jo said. “I’m not having kids anytime soon.”
Later in the evening, after Castiel had already gotten ready for bed, he received a text on his phone.
Perhaps Dean was just tired. Castiel certainly was, and he could understand grumpiness that stemmed from exhaustion.
"I'm going to get you something to eat and drink." Ellen told him. "You and Dean are obviously malnourished."
idea where to find Dean. He sent Jimmy a quick text and his brother had miraculously had the foresight to ask Amelia for Dean’s address. Amelia had gotten Dean’s address from Bess Myers, who got it from Garth Fitzgerald, who got it from Kevin Tran, who got it from Charlie Bradbury. Castiel silently thanked them all.
Castiel moved to their bathroom and started up the shower. Dean joined him as the water was heating.
“That’s Mr. Winchester to you.” John snapped. “And I’m here because I heard you fucking ruined my son.”
Castiel gently released Dean’s hand. He looked as red as Dean felt. He offered Dean a bashful smile and a nod before he left.
Grimacing, Castiel paused by the front door and took a few minutes to spray scent-masking air freshener around the room. Then he continued out to the car and drove to Gabriel’s house.
He turned the page and then jolted, his eyes widening. Castiel looked down at the photo and sucked in a breath.
"I think he is well." Castiel said. "I'll have to wait for him to be conscious before I can say for sure."
Still, thank the world for Ellen. Dean must have inherited his magical touch from her. They could put everything away so neatly and perfect that it almost made Castiel jealous.
Once they got back to the Novak residence, Dean sent the kids to play on Claire’s playset in the backyard. Usually Dean would have Adam do his homework, but it was Friday and Dean was still too on edge to try and set Adam up with his work, especially if Adam needed help. Dean let Adam and Claire go outside in the backyard to play.
"I do not think that!" Castiel yelled, thrashing and fuming. "He's not a mindless slut, assbutt! And I would never do anything to intentionally harm Dean!"
bored, but then again, Castiel should get used to masking his emotions without the blockers. They would be married someday, probably soon, it would be weird if Castiel wore his scent blockers all the time. In the end, Castiel decided that just the cologne should be enough. He also debated whether or not he should remove the nail polish. He decided to leave it, despite its bold appearance, for Claire.
The man blinked and tilted his head, like he was surprised or confused by Dean’s offer. “Yes, that would be acceptable.”
"Cas!" Dean screamed, already several feet ahead of Castiel. It broke Castiel from his thoughts and he rushed after Dean, blood pumping.
Castiel spent his spring break torn between mopey and furious with himself. He’d started the quarter resenting Dean and now he had a
Hey hey hey I only have next week (finals) and then I'm on summer break! that means more fics in shorter amount of time and (hopefully) constant updates
Dean blushed, which was absolutely ridiculous since he was Dean Winchester, Sex Extraordinaire. He also couldn't help but glance over at Castiel. The angel was staring at Charlie pensively.
Dean nodded minutely, his eyes traveling low to the ground and his jaw clenching. "What do you do here?"
Castiel muttered and cursed to himself, hurling insults towards Alastair and the demonkind alike. He wished to obliterate them.
Castiel stumbled away and towards his bedroom without an argument. He was so tired. He barely was able to change and brush his teeth before he collapsed into his bed.
With Dean's scent in his nose and wings against Castiel's, Castiel found himself relaxing. Dean's breathing began to even out too.
Maybe Castiel didn't want to live alone, though. He wouldn't mind being with Dean and their fledging.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "Yeah, well, I was eighteen when Adam was born. I'm the only parent he's ever really known. I guess it's kind of weird that he calls me his mom."
“I’m just calling it how it is. Besides, Cassie’s my bro. If your own flesh and blood can’t be honest to your face, then who, Sam?”
“Who cares if it’s interesting or not? Something’s out there killing people, that’s all we need to know.”
He put Jack back into the crib and rushed to the kitchen to prepare a bottle. It was only after he’d gotten the bottle out that Castiel realized he couldn’t remember what to do with it. He was hit with a wave of panic. His son was hungry and Castiel
Objectively, he can understand what Cas was trying to do. It honestly sounds like something Dean would do.
, but there was just something so alluring about Cas, and he knew that Cas returned his feelings. He sent Dean such smoldering, intense looks that were in no way platonic.
“I am also happy to be alive and well! And none of you nerds mentioned how awesome this world is besides no Supernatural crap, so I’m thankful for that too.”
bit of a mood, but it didn’t change the fact that Sam kept trying to psychoanalyze him, or some shit. There was nothing wrong with finding hunts.
“We’re here.” Charlie said cheerfully. The end house was two stories, but not exceptionally big. The front yard had many, many rose bushes. The front was a pale yellow with black trim. There was a large bay window to the right of the door.
“He had postpartum hemorrhaging.” Gabe said quietly. He wouldn’t meet Castiel’s eyes. “They had to take him into surgery to sew him up, or something. I’m not sure. They explained it to me and Sam, but I didn’t really get it. Sam can tell you when you’re out of the Alpha-rage ward. You know they don’t let any other alphas to visit this area ‘cause they don’t want more hormones messing everything up and-”
It was cold and dark and wet outside, which made leaving the library very unappealing. Castiel had already planned to stay in the library until it closed around five and he invited Dean to stay with him. The storm might die down a bit, or it might not, but Castiel figured it wouldn’t get any worse and so there was no harm in staying longer. Dean agreed and they moved their stuff to the back of the library to avoid the few remaining students.
“My work has been very understanding. I’ve been given an extension on my book’s deadline by a few months, and they’re willing to discuss extending it again, if I really need to.”
He took a moment to grab a medium-sized wicker willow basket from the hallway closet. He usually used it for his laundry, but he did not mind making it into a temporary ferret bed. Castiel also got one of the spare pillows and put it in the basket. The sides of the basket were a bit higher than the pillow, so hopefully it would discourage the ferret from exploring for now. Castiel used one of his older sweaters as a blanket since the only spares he had were much too big for the makeshift bed.
Castiel shot out of the water, tumbling back into Balthazar. They fell down onto the floor of the boat, both panting, and stared up at the sky.
The ride back was much more somber than the ride to the zoo. Dean put on Disney music and even sang a little to try and get Claire to join in, but she just stared out the window. Her little nose was red and her eyes were tear-filled, and Dean could see how she was trying so hard to remain stone-faced. She couldn't disguise the bitterness in her scent.
“Hey, I’m sorry, we’re a little backed up today.” Dean says, taking out a pencil and his notepad. “What can I get you?”
“Charlie said that they bear children and take care of people.” Dean said. “She said alphas are the protectors!”
Dean shifted in his hold, his wings loosening a bit. His eyes were closed. His scent was strong and sweet of pure joy.
The downside to the new job was that he wasn't able to pick Adam up. Luckily, Adam was able to stay at the kindergarten for another hour after school without charge, which meant that Sam would be able to take him home. Dean made sure that Sam carried pepper spray with him at all times. Though, Sam was starting to spring up (he was already as tall as Dean, though Dean would
Castiel rushed to his mate’s side, taking his hand in one and brushing Dean’s face with the other. Dean’s eyes were closed and his lips were parted. He was very, very pale.
Dean's eyes flashed angrily then, and he pushed Castiel away with a sudden ferocity that took Castiel by surprise.
Recap: Castiel got his nails done with Claire and then went to meet April at a restaurant where he saw Dean and a young pup
"That's not the point. The point is that she controls basically everything in your life. Grow a pair."
"Yes, I do." Dean said. He kneeled down next to Claire and let her show him her books. Castiel took a moment to observe, a fond feeling pushing in his chest.
Castiel went still. He looked around his surroundings, then drew back a bit. He cleared his throat and ducked his head.
"Yup." The woman pushed herself off of Castiel and brushed herself off. Then she reached down to take Castiel's hand and pull him up.
Castiel let out a defeated sigh. “Well, you don’t have to talk to me about it, but you should know that you can, if you want.”
With a frown, Castiel opened his backdoor and peered outside. A quick spell created a ball of light so that he could see into his garden. There was nothing out of the ordinary, but his plants still called for his presence and intervention.
Castiel seriously doubted that since Kevin was an extraordinary student, but he still nodded in understanding and led him to the living room.
Dean grinned at him and then slipped away from the room, leaving Castiel a somewhat a confused mess.
Naomi gave a disapproving hum. “I see. Well, the others are waiting for us inside. Dinner we’ll be served in thirty minutes or so.”
Bobby rolled his eyes. "'Course not. Just glad you're happy. You said something about other witches wanting to get you. They still out there?"
“Ma’am,” He rasped, vaguely aware of how crazy he must look and how his scent must have been wild with anxiety, “Ma’am, my mate is in labor.”
“Jack, you look so handsome.” Ellen said, her vice pitching into baby-talk. “How has your day been?”
wow guys it's been a while... hopefully with quarantine and spring break I'll really be able to get this fic up and running
Luckily, Balthazar didn’t seem very interested in going out to sea as much as just being on a boat on the ocean. They were far from shore, but still close enough that Castiel could see it and be comforted by his proximity to land.
Castiel carried Jack up the porch and into the house. Everyone was there already, but Castiel didn’t mind being the last to arrive.
He hung up before Ellen could say anything more and worked on getting the formula ready. It took him way longer than he would have liked, and Jack wouldn’t take the bottle right away. So it was much later that Castiel was able to get Jack settled. He was more tired and stressed than he’d been his entire life, and it’d only been a few hours. How could Castiel do this?
could you tell I was attempting to describe Castiel smiting Michael? probably not - but at least Michael got what he was due
"You gotta brush from the bottom up." Dean explained as he stood back and let Claire admire herself in the mirror. "Get the tangles out at the bottom so that the higher ones can just slide all the way down. Otherwise they get all clumped together and you've got an even bigger mess."
"She was great." Gabriel said. "She raved all evening about how pretty her nails are and how happy she was to match you."
Castiel tried to stay conscious, he really did, but he was exhausted and everything was painful and he just could not keep his eyes from slipping shut.
“It means I love you too.” Cas replies, a shy smile crossing his lips. “I’m not sure if that’s something you want to act on, but I love you too, Dean.”
Dean's eyes softened and he kissed Castiel again. Castiel felt like jelly as he leaned against Dean. Dean's lips moved so perfectly against his own that Castiel couldn't help sighing and mover closer still and tilting his head just right to deepen their kiss and-
It was beginning to get dark by the time the others finished their second ride and so they decided to go on the ferris wheel. Dean was, once again, nervous. California Screamin had height, but it was also almost too quick to think about how high it was. The ferris wheel was different because it would only move in short lengths before it paused for a few minutes to let the new groups on and off at the bottom.
And there was the million dollar question. Castiel had asked it to himself and to Dean many times in the past sixteen years.
His brother was standing at the wards once more, only now his faux smile was replaced with a hate-filled glare.
Cas opens the door and peaks inside. He won’t meet Dean’s eyes. Dean sits up in his bed but makes no move to go to Cas.
Dean stumbled and fell forward. He caught himself along the wall just as Castiel cried out in alarm and reached for him.
can't say that I love this chapter, I kinda had to make it face-paced in order to get it out because it wasn't working in any other way. It was mostly the end that I really wanted to write. also this was meant to be one chapter, but I split it into two and so I added to the final amount of chapters
After breakfast, they separated briefly to freshen up and get themselves dressed for the day. Then, they continued on their morning routine and headed out into the garden.
Dean pondered that for a minute, then he replied in a small voice, “I know you are a good man, Cas, and you wouldn’t put your loyalty in someone so undeserving. Maybe you are right. Maybe he is the kindest, most amazing king in existence. Maybe he feeds his people with his own stores and gives them the clothes off his back. Maybe he ensures that every child is healthy and cared for and loved.
In the picture, they all had their arms in the air, except Cas. Charlie’s eyes were closed and she seemed to be mid-scream, but she was still obviously smiling. Sam and Jack also had open-mouth smiles, probably they had been shouting too. Dean’s eyes were closed and he was grinning with closed lips.
This cued another round of hugs. Bobby suggested they eat burgers to celebrate Dean's return and Sam and Jess's engagement (even if it had technically been a couple of months prior).
"What about if they want to form a bond out of necessity?" Castiel asked, his heart sinking. "Would that make a temp bond more powerful?"
done well in approving his social skills. He'd always been an awkward child, and after the first quarter everyone had already found a group of friends. Castiel had spent his high school years alone.
"Richard, I believe I just saw Dick Roman walk by. Perhaps you'd like to join me in congratulating him on his latest investment?" Naomi was already standing.
It was Ellen who won the ‘Guess the Baby’ game. Unsurprisingly, as she had raised Jo and had been actively involved in Dean’s and Sam’s lives since Dean was a teenager.
A second later, there was a man with bright green eyes straddling Castiel's chest and pinning Castiel's arms down.
“Merman.” The thing replied with a huff, his tail flicking beads of water into the air. “I’m a dude.”
The pictures were at the end of the exit again. Dean figured that it was like that so the exit wouldn’t get all crowded with people trying to leave and others trying to see their pictures.
“Or… or it’s possible that the seizures and blood loss damaged his brain, and they’re not sure if or when he’d wake.”
Mr. Walker muttered in reply, glaring at the table. Gordon didn’t say anything either. He was crossing his arms and, similar to his dad, he was glaring down at the table.
He stayed silent as Gabe left the room. He stared up at the ceiling and tried to process what Gabe had told him.
Castiel looked back at the eggs and resisted the urge to look back around. He split the eggs into two servings and then then handed Dean a plate.
“You can try, Dean, but I don’t think it’s going to help much. There’s not really any valid sources.”
Castiel practically dragged Dean away. In the back of his mind, Dean thought they should tell the others that they were going, but he couldn’t muster the focus to think about anything other than the way Castiel kept looking at him over his shoulder.
"Yeah." Dean cleared his throat and gestured at Castiel. "This is Cas. He's my witch and boyfriend."
Castiel thought about it for a moment. It was dangerous on Earth. Demons often roamed the lands, despite the humans' efforts to stop them from crossing the gorge. The demons would be naturally drawn to Dean and the fledgling, too.
Castiel leaned back. He watched carefully as John pushed himself up and ambled towards the front door. Just before leaving, the older alpha glanced over his shoulder.
“You are a relatively safe and sane driver, as safe and sane as anyone would expect us to be with a career such as our own.”
He waited for the others as they got in line and went on the ride. This time, no young girls came up to him.
"Will you be staying here?" Castiel finally got the courage to ask. "I would never hold it against you, of course, if you wanted to stay here instead of return back to my house and shop with me."
"I'm not." Dean said quietly. He leaned against the wall and slid down. "I'm not strong. I used to think I was, but I'm not.
"Dad was a demon, Sammy." Dean answered him in a lowered tone. "I guess we gotta a lot to talk about, huh? Hey, why didn't you go back to see Bobby?"
Claire's arms did loosen. She pushed herself back from Castiel with her hands on his shoulders and looked him in the eye.
He collapsed onto the couch with a drawn out sigh. Immediately, Claire jumped up beside him. She tentatively placed her front paws on his leg and began to knead. Castiel winced when her claws pricked through the fabric of his pants, but he didn’t push her away. Claire climbed onto his lap and circled a few times before she curled up into a ball and started to purr. Castiel brushed her head lightly and she pressed into his hand. His eyelids were drooping before he realized it, too engrossed in petting the purring cat in front of him, and soon they were hardly opening at all.
." He hissed. "That'll show you broken. He doesn't even fight me anymore when I take my pleasure from him."
Castiel tugged again, harder, and the magic rushed into him. He sharpened and expanded the waves drastically and forced it into Michael in one powerful burst.
Castiel opened one hive, completely unconcerned by the swarms of bees around him, and carefully extracted some honey into a small, glass vial. Then he closed up the hive and returned to Dean, sting-free.
Castiel eyed him and shifted uncertainly. He remembered the humans had said that Gabriel had betrayed his men and sided with a demon. How true was that?
“I’m sorry, Cas.” Dean said. “A bit of a sucky tradeoff - your wings, and everything else, for fucking humanity.”
Dean laughed again as he disappeared around the corner and into their bedroom. Castiel took the opportunity to get the burgers out of the oven and set them up on their wedding china in the dining room.
"Your car is here." The valet gestured to the car that was parked in along the curb. Castiel looked back towards the sidewalk again, but to his dismay, Dean was already gone.
"This child would be my real family!" Castiel said. He was frustrated that Dean wasn't listening. "Despite the circumstances around how it was conceived, this child is mine too, Dean, and I intend to care for it the way every parent should."
“Hey! Blasphemy!” Dean came stumbling out of the room. “Stop filling our child’s head with lies, Cas.”
Castiel tilted his head. He felt as though Dean was interrogating him. Perhaps Castiel should have gotten upset or defensive because of this, but instead he only grew more interested.
“I just wanted to apologize again.” Castiel says. “I’m not going to ask for forgiveness because there is nothing that will ever make it right, and I can assure you that even if you decide to forgive me, I will never forgive myself. But I need you to know that I’m sorry, Dean. I hope… I hope this isn’t something I lose you over, because I don’t think I’m strong enough to handle that, but I’d understand of course, if that was something you wanted.”
Dean looked down, a glimmer of tears in his eyes. “I missed out on Jack’s first month. I left you alone. I’m so sorry.”
“It was hard.” Castiel admitted haltingly. This wasn’t really a conversation he wanted to be having, especially in front of Sam and Gabe.
"I never asked for whatever stupid information they think I have! I'm sorry I'm not the perfect soldier, like you, but I never wanted to become part of this fucking war! Maybe you'll look down on me for that, but excuse me for not wanting to be ra- ra-
“I went into labor and…” Dean’s voice trailed off and Castiel felt his mate go still. “Where’s the pup? Are they alright?! God, Cas, where’s our pup?!”
“Cool.” Dean said. They both looked back to watch Claire, though Dean couldn’t help but observe Cas from the corner of his eye. The other man was nearly as tall as Dean. He had dark hair and bright blue eyes, and Dean would be lying if he said he wasn’t a
"You find it odd that I had no concern to learn more about you, but I find it odd that you are not more concerned with me. I told you that I am powerful."
The demon guards did not stay in the same hall as Dean and Castiel, a small mercy. It allowed Castiel and Dean a bit more freedom to talk. Dean told Castiel a bit about his childhood, silly stories and such, and Castiel told Dean about everything that had happened in the past couple of years. They never spoke of Castiel's family and hardly of Dean's family. Anything Castiel learned about Dean's family was centered primarily on his younger brother, Sam. Never another sibling or parent. Castiel did not bring this up.
“Oh, Dean.” Castiel said quietly, aching. He gnawed on his lip, a newly developing habit, and let out his breath.
Dean found himself responding without really meaning to. He quickly gave his phone to Cas, then watched as the angel called Sam and informed him of the situation.
"You being fucking hypocritical." Gabriel said. "You're not spending time with Claire tonight because you're going out with the woman who will be spending more time with Claire."
Dean takes a breath. He pushes himself up off of the bed and crosses over to Cas. Castiel tenses, but he makes no move to leave.
"I guess I'm gonna have to educate you then." Dean said with a decisive nod. "Not tonight, though. It's too late. I gotta get my four hours. You okay to sleep?"
"Why does that matter?" Castiel had to ask. He didn't like being questioned about his personal life like this.
last chapter recap: Cas found a ferret in the garden and it transformed to an angry, naked man, obviously
“Okay first of all, that is such a lie. You see each other almost daily and have been for the past few weeks. Second of all, haven’t you heard of love at first sight?”
also, the wing size does NOT depend on the size of the bird (like if someone had sparrow wings, that doesn't mean their wings will be small) pretty much all the angels have wings around the same size regardless of bird type
Castiel worked until nearly midnight, then he pushed himself away from his computer and rubbed tiredly at his eyes before deciding to call it a night. He walked to his room and opened the door, only to be greeted with a figure in his bed.
There were several messages from Sam and Charlie. Luckily they had seen him and Cas leave, so their texts were more teasing than worried about his location.
Recap: The ferret Castiel found was actually a familiar, and he agreed to a temporary bond with Castiel. Dean is a very powerful familiar since he has no limit to the amount of forms he can become
He didn't expect the sadness that seemed to sink into him. He knew that Dean would come back here. Dean would never be truly happy in Heaven. After they ended the war, Castiel would have to adjust to being without Dean.
"You will still be accompanying me to Heaven, right?" Castiel question with a prickle of uncertainty. He didn't know if he could bear to part with Dean on Earth. He wouldn't be able to tell if Dean was safe or not.
Besides visiting Dean, Castiel filled his days with caring for Jack. They went on walks around the park and neighborhood, visited Ellen and Bobby almost every other day, and spent a lot of time taking naps together. Castiel was fortunate that Jack was such an easy baby. He was already rugging himself ragged, so he couldn’t imagine how terrible he’d feel if Jack was fussy.
"Mary was an alpha angel." Bobby said. "She was one of the only angels to be kind. She died in a house fire and John went off to hunt down the demons responsible."
Again, Dean sent him a confused glance. He shook his head. “Uh, well. I was fine until our last test. But now I’m really having trouble.”
if you ever want to chat about literally anything... my Tumblr is tale-to-tell... hyphens not underdashes lol
"I'm surprised you didn't notice." Dean bit out. "I'm a bit of a trophy." Castiel frowned, his eyebrows furrowing.
“I need help.” Castiel said, not waiting for her to say hello. “I can’t remember how to make the formula.”
“Charlie and I were in the Dean Cave.” Jack added. “We landed here, as you two did, but a week ago.”
Castiel flung himself on top and over the table and hugged Dean, not noticing at all when he knocked over the bottle of wine and Dean’s full glass.
"What could you do to help?" Castiel said, then he bit his lip. "I am sorry, again. I do not mean to take my aggression out on you."
Dean had been acting off for a couple of weeks, just after he caught the stomach flu. Castiel noticed nearly right away, but he hadn’t said anything. Dean used to hate sharing his thoughts and feelings, and for the most part he still did, but he would do his best to give Castiel a little bit of insight. It made Castiel very proud to know Dean trusted him enough to willingly be involved in ‘chick-flick’ moments. So, he did not worry or pry.
This time, though, instead of simply sitting down on a chair on the other side of the room, Dean stood next to Castiel. Castiel looked up at him and cocked his head.
They must have met on Earth somehow. Castiel knew that Samuel Campbell was a leader in the wars, so it was reasonable to assume his offspring would have been involved, especially if they were alphas. Castiel couldn't remember if Samuel's daughter had been an alpha.
"Papa, let's go!" Claire shouted. Castiel nodded to Dean, hoping that showed his appreciation, and left to get the last of his things ready.
Castiel let out a breath of air. "I'm glad you were still able to enjoy yourself a little. I'm very lucky to have a daughter like you."
"Some people don't want to commit." Gabriel shrugged. "You can have multiple temp bonds, but once you form a permanent bond, that's it. Some people just aren't the type to want to bond with one person only. Sometimes people can't form permanent bonds, like they're young or going to move or some shit."
The ferret chirped in response. It started to move on top of the towel and push it around with his nose. Then he settled on top of it in a curl and he released a pleased huff.
He gazed past the city walls at the surrounding hills, thinking wistfully of how easily he’d be able to get back home if he was riding alone.
10:29 << me too, buddy. I’m gonna watch a movie with Sam now, so I’ll talk to you later. I hope you don’t die of boredom
The living room had been set up with more decoration. It was a burst of pastel colors. Charlie and Ellen had gone all out.
He couldn't help but stare at the alpha in front of him for a moment. It was a really strange twist that Dean had not been expecting. Cas seemed to be just as shocked as Dean.
Dean watched the alpha leave, heart in his throat. He felt a little better because he’d finally said to Cas exactly what he’d been thinking for weeks. Mostly though, Dean felt worse because he now knew that Castiel returned his affections, maybe even loved him, but there was nothing they could do about it.
When Sam and Gabe left, Castiel took time to dress Jack up for the day. He put on a black onesie with a bee, one of Castiel’s favorites, and readied everything.
Adam moved to sit on Dean's lap for the rest of his game with Sam. He ended up winning, much to Sam's annoyance (and Dean's amusement). Adam won again when Dean played with them, but Dean suspected he had been sneaking glanced at Dean's cards. Dean didn't call him out on it, it was funny to see Sam get frustrated by losing to a kid.
Castiel watched the familiar leave the kitchen, then he started collecting the empty mugs to wash and put them away. He hadn't been completely truthful with Dean. It was unlikely that Castiel would be able to sleep at all for the rest of the night, though he would use the couch if he did feel the need to sleep. Castiel only planned to read for the remainder of the night. He would be exhausted in the morning, but it wasn't like Castiel wasn't used to it.
Gabe seemed to have reached the limit for how long he could go without the attention on him. “Can we eat these little fuckers already?”
“Nope, sadly. I would've loved to have taken a video of you acting wacky, but no you were just boring and slobbery.”
Castiel wandered over and sat down on the couch as April began to go into detail about their dinner for tomorrow and the weekend with her family in Napa Valley. Castiel kept glancing at his watch, very aware of how Claire and Dean were staring at him.
Castiel was dressed in a suit. He felt a little ridiculous, but Dean always seemed to enjoy his figure in the suit.
"I'm glad you enjoy him." Castiel replied, feeling warm. "I'm a little jealous of all the fun you're having."
"April," Castiel cut in, not even listening by this point, "I have to go. I can't wait to see you tomorrow. Goodbye." He hung up without waiting for a reply.
"I'll see what I can do." Castiel answered, his mind already whirling. He could ask Dean if he was available, but he doubted Dean would be able to stay the entire weekend. Now that Castiel knew about Dean's pup, it was easier to understand why the omega would be busy.
"Yeah," Dean said, "I was never allowed to ask, but I think he got injured. I mean, he must've, right? No other way for an angel to not have wings."
Once Claire woke up, Castiel made sure she had things to play with. Then he started doing whatever work he could do at home. He stayed in the living room to keep an eye on Claire, even though he would have preferred to be in his office.
It has been a hot minute and I'm so very sorry... school is so much work omg but here I have finished a chapter (finally)!!!
Castiel nodded, not at all surprised by Dean's shut off. He was a little more attuned with Dean's emotions now because of the bond, not by much but enough for Castiel to know that Dean was feeling uncomfortable.
Dean found himself glancing over at Castiel. The angel was returning his gaze. His eyes were bright, even all the way up in the darkness. Dean looked back out into the sky.
Castiel frowned and said nothing more. He supposed it could be nothing more than a trophy, but it seemed odd.
Castiel went back to his room and got a few of his older pajamas, just some sweats and a soft shirt.
Castiel tilted his head in acknowledgement and took a bite of the pie. He let out another breathless noise and tilted his head, eyes fluttering shut.
Castiel looked down then, shame washing over him. It was true that Dean was not obligated to keep war information private the way that Castiel was. Dean had endured much, probably more than Castiel had. It was unfair to expect Dean's secrecy when he had never agreed to it. Even if he had, it was completely understandable for anyone to break under the pressure and cruel force of the demons that Dean had gone through.
It wouldn't have been a problem, except Castiel still found Dean incredibly attractive (and more so now that they were friends) and now he knew Dean could potentially reciprocate his feelings.
"No!" Castiel interrupted. "Not at all. I'm looking forward to tomorrow. I guess we can discuss it briefly right now."
"No." April said, laughing a little. "I just mean I like that you understand hard work. Most of the alphas I've known, the ones in our class, have been handed everything on a silver platter. I suppose the same could be said about me, but it's more difficult as an omega. I had to work really hard to become a lawyer, and there was always some other alpha looking down on me or saying I was sleeping my way through. It was frustrating.
Once he and Dean had finished their lunches and had cleaned up their dishes and utensil, they went to the front part of the building to open up the shop.
He moves on to the other tables and by the time he’s done, Castiel has left. He paid in cash and when Dean sees how much he tipped him, he almost drops the checkbook.
Dean had to remove his hand from Castiel’s grip in order to unbuckle his seatbelt. He got out of the ride, much less shaky than he had been with Matterhorn, and smiled at the others.
“Sure thing.” Dean said, nodded. “Before you go, though, you think Claire would like to feed them a bit? If it’s cool with you, of course.”
"Sure, dude." Dean said. He put Adam down and got him settled in his car seat. Dean always brought Adam an after-school snack to munch on while they drove home. Today it was baby carrots.
He went back to the bed in the guestroom. Claire was still there, and she meowed at him when he arrived.
They’d fallen far back enough that Castiel’s view of the stern was blocked by the bench. He was shaking as he approached it. He needed to see if that thing was still there.
Dean had to admit that he was disappointed. Claire loved her father so much, and she had been so excited to spend time with him at the zoo. It made Dean so sad to see that Mr. Novak had forgotten.
there may be a lot more errors because I didn't really look over the chapter I was too ready to get it done so apologies for that
Castiel had assumed, in the past, the nightmares were simply trauma from Anna's death, but as soon as he found himself growing attached to Dean, he began to fear that his nightmares were more than memories.
"I really want to work for you." Dean said. "You must know that it's not easy for someone with my education level, gender, and sub-gender to find a career in this type of business. I'll admit that when I first met you I was attracted to you, but I know that I can be professional and it will not affect my work."
He wasn't sure how long he watched Dean sleep and silently pondered his nightmares, but eventually Dean's eyes fluttered open and the familiar stretched along Castiel's body.
"They won't be ready for a couple of minutes." He said hoarsely. He took a seat next to Castiel. He was very tense. Ellen shot Castiel a meaningful look and then slipped into the back so they were alone.
The rest of the meal was eaten in silence, though it was mostly because Dean's cooking was absolutely amazing and Castiel was stuffing his face too quickly to talk. Dean was an excellent cook.
“Me neither.” Sam admitted. Dean wanted to be able to tease him about it, but he felt too sick to do so.
It was nearly five, closing time, when Castiel felt a magical being of ill intent approaching his wards. He froze and zeroed in on the being. Dean also tensed. He could feel the same as Castiel did because of their bond, which, temporary or not, had increased greatly in power.
Castiel immediately took the photo album from Dean's hands, ignoring Dean's noise of protest. He looked closely at the photo, blood rushing in his ears.
Dubcon: Castiel has to choose whether he or Alastair will be with Dean during his heat and he chooses himself (Dean does not give explicit consent and Castiel doesn't really want to because he know what Dean wants... both want the other but neither know that)
Claire was at the verge of tears. Dean bit his lip. He didn't mind taking Claire alone, and they could wait for Mr. Novak at the zoo.
"Hey, guys." Dean greeted. Ellen and Bobby were there, and so was Benny, but Jo was missing. "There's something you gotta see."
"That's true." Gabriel said. "Okay, I'll be ready for Claire. Oh hey that reminds me, did you manage to get a permanent nanny for her?"
Castiel had some raw beef in his fridge that he had been planning on using to make a burger, but he didn't mind sacrificing some of it for the ferret so he put it on a plate. He also got a small, plastic Tupperware filled with water.
Dean is tired down to his bones when he gets back from work. The whole week had been extra demanding of him and he feels like he hasn’t gotten a moment of rest to himself, let alone any time to relax with his family. It’s half-past two in the morning, so Dean’s not going to wake up his kids, but he’ll go check on them before going to bed.
"Gabriel, please." Castiel said, softening his voice. "I have to help him. I can't let him die. Please."
Castiel put down his broom and waited for Dean's arrival. The familiar moved out from the hallways. He yawned and rubbed his eyes, looking like he hadn't slept a wink. Castiel thought that his own features probably mirrored Dean's.
Dean took a moment to calm himself before getting out of the Impala and going up to the front door of Mr. Novak's (very expensive-looking) house. He rang the doorbell, hands sweating nervously.
“Just because you can do something one way doesn’t mean you should have to.” Gabe interrupted. “Why do you need to make this more difficult for yourself?”
The familiar hummed and kept his gaze down on the drink. Though he had relaxed more he was still clearly on edge. His eyes darted around every so often, like he was trying to check the place out without being obvious. Castiel was admittedly fascinated and intrigued by the familiar's presence. It had been years since he had seen a familiar in person, and even then it had been from afar. Castiel had once hoped he'd find himself a familiar, though that dream had crumbled with time. Still, Castiel was interested in this strange familiar.
His eyelids grew heavy as he blinked, and he found himself stumbling backward. He tried to right himself, but ended up falling to his hands and knees instead. Everything was blurred and dark.
"Maybe next time, Claire." Castiel said. "Could you play in your room for a moment? I need to talk with Mr. Dean."
Nodding, Dean let up on the tickling. Instead he started to carefully stretch each of Castiel’s toes out.
"We gotta keep moving." Castiel gasped. He tried to right himself and push himself up, but the world only seemed to swim around him.
It was incredibly arousing to watch Castiel’s pupils dilate and to smell the change in Castiel’s scent.
As soon as Castiel's hands brushed the ferret's side, the ferret jumped to its feet, hissing viciously with its teeth bared.
for the record, I do think that if person1 has intentionally led person2 to believe that they have a certain type of relationship (in this case, a monogamous one), person1 should follow through or at least be honest about how they feel about the relationship. but also I don't like April, so I don't really feel bad for her.
He heard several footsteps, each one increasing in nearness, and then Gabriel appeared in the doorway, looking worried.
It was always hours before Dean was returned. Hours that Castiel spent pacing and anxious, his wings flittering unconsciously. Dean would smell of blood, pain, and sex when the guards guided him back to his cell. At first, Castiel tried to talk to Dean and ask him how injured he was, but he quickly learned that Dean would not reply until he was ready. When Dean did speak again, he would always pretend that nothing had happened. It made Castiel even more concerned, but he didn't push.
Claire had stayed in her room for the rest of the day. Castiel wanted to talk to her and apologize, but he always wanted to give her space. He considered calling Dean and asking if he had any sort of advice, the omega was obviously good with children, but Castiel was too embarrassed.
“God forbid anything meaningless like your GPA get in the way of your social life,” Castiel bit out without intending to. He didn’t regret it though, not even when a flash of confusion crossed Dean’s handsome face.
“Yes, please come in.” Lisa replied. She gestured at the seats in the front of the room. “Please, take a seat.”
Castiel was saved from more conversation by the arrival of their meals. He ate slowly to prolong their silence. April wouldn't dare speak with her mouth full, so Castiel used that to his advantage. When they were almost finished, Castiel ordered dessert so that it would arrive just as they were finishing. This way, Castiel wouldn't have to talk to April in between supper and dessert.
Perhaps it was cowardly or rude, but Castiel had tired of socializing. It felt forced and awkward, even if April had been much nicer than she had been before.
Claire chatted happily the entire way home as she told Castiel about her day. Castiel followed along with quiet chuckles and hums of acknowledgement when appropriate.
"Oh, does he?" Michael said. "I can sense your bond. It is only temporary. It will not be enough to protect you from me, Dean."
Adam’s classroom looked as one would imagine a first-grade classroom to look. There were tiny desks and chairs set up in clusters towards the front of the room. The front wall had a large whiteboard and Lisa’s desk to the side. In the back was a bookshelf with many kids’ books and several colorful bean-bag chairs. There were a variety of arts and crafts pinned carefully to the wall, and above the bookshelf was a poster with the alphabet and an item for each letter that started with that letter.
“Okay, well, we’ll see you later.” Dean stood up again. He adjusted his grip on Adam and nodded towards Sam. “Bye, guys.”
Castiel thought that the Sickness was getting to him. He felt much weaker now and he was affected more obviously by basic needs, like eating and drinking. His feathers, once soft and vibrant, dulled and became brittle. They bent unpleasantly and fell out in terrible clumps. His oil glands were swollen and ached terribly, yet no oil came to soothe the dry pain along his wings.
anyways... I'm hoping to start posting every other week once again and I apologize in advance if it's late
“Thank you for saying so, Gabe, but John did have a point. If I hadn’t met Dean, then none of this would have happened.”
The rollercoaster started up. It moved to the beginning of the track and stopped, then jolted forward with a sudden burst of speed that made Dean feel like his stomach was left behind.
He sent Castiel out of the dining room. Castiel went to their bedroom and quickly stripped out of his suit. It would definitely need dry-cleaning after the mess he’d made. If it turned out the suit couldn’t be saved at all, well, Castiel didn’t really care. Dean was going to have a pup. A messed up suit was at the bottom of his thoughts.
"Hey, Cas." Dean murmured. He shifted out of Castiel's grip and stretched. Castiel missed the warmth, though he had to admit that it stirred something deep within him to watch Dean's shirt ride up.
“I believe that Sam means that there are alpha, beta, and omega designations.” Castiel answered, watching Sam for confirmation. Sam grimaced and nodded.
Dean scoffed. “Of course I do. You think the King would allow me to go on speaking poorly about him?”
"I'm going to make a copy for you." He said. "Why don't you join Claire, I'll be there in a moment."
“Oh. In that case, I’d love to spend time with you too, Dean.” Castiel replied. Then he blinked and asked, “Wait, if you can turn your tail into legs, then why did you need to inspect my legs?”
Sam froze in the doorway as he finally looked up from the drinks he was carrying. He took a small step forward. His eyes were wide and kept looking back from Dean to Castiel and back again.
"Thank you." Castiel said. "Follow me, please. I have a few minutes to go over the basic rules. I have several laminated copies throughout the house, should you need to refer to them."
Claire must have heard his car pulling into Gabe’s driveway, because she ran out the front door as he was parking.
“Hey, fuck you,” Dean said. “You don’t know shit about me and you assume I’m a dick because I play sports. Not all athletes are dicks, you dick.” He turned from Castiel and stormed out, leaving Castiel fuming.
They reached the bottom with a giant splash that sent water all over Dean and his clothes, drenching him.
I have much love for Dean taking care of kids and being really awesome at it... poor Adam had a rough day but it got better in the end
Castiel was getting the last streamer up when the doorbell rang. He finished pinning the paper to the wall as Charlie went to answer the door.
John looked at him, eyes cold. “Then it’s decided. You will go and marry King Lucifer of Novak. You are dismissed.”
Castiel tilted his head. Out of all the things Mrs. Harvelle could have asked him about, he hadn’t been expecting her to ask about tutoring. Castiel wasn’t exactly a “people person.”
"Yes, I did manage to get a few words out while April planned our night. I don't think she appreciated that we'll be having an earlier dinner."
Dean made no movement, no indication of regaining consciousness. Castiel pursued his lips together, filled with worry. He had no idea what repercussions Dean was feeling from their broken bond. Castiel could only guess that the reason he was fine and Dean was in this state was because Castiel had taken too much magic from Dean's reserve, and the result had been a forceful destruction of their temporary bond.
Cas is in the back, staring out the window. He hasn’t said anything since Dean got his memories back. Dean wonders what Cas will do when they get back to the Bunker. Dean has no idea what he wants Cas to do.
When they returned back to Dean’s room, Castiel bid a hasty farewell before he disappeared into the hallways, leaving Dean mildly annoyed.
Castiel watched Dean sleep as he thought about his nightmare. He wondered if his dreams were something more than just dreams.
I'm super tired so hopefully this makes sense and there aren't too many mistakes - I was just very excited to get it posted, I couldn't wait
"I can assure you that I won't be eating this." Castiel said, almost haughtily. "I'm afraid my palate has become a bit more sophisticated, and it'll take some time before I can stomach this again." It was a lie, of course. Castiel may be a garrison leader, but he still lived of rationed food. Still, he would rather Dean eat.
“No, really,” He insisted, “Get some rest while Gabe and I listen for Jack. I know how to make formula, and I can change him if I need to. You can get some rest.”
Everyone seated themselves around the table. Jack and Charlie were at the head and end and Cas Dean were on one side and Sam and Gabe on the other.
Dean was hunting a few vampires alone. He had the upper hand, but they were running away. He managed to catch up with one of them, but the vamp was stronger and shoved Dean to the ground. Dean hit his head. His eyesight went blurry for a second, but he managed to push himself up and follow the vamps a few more steps.
Sometime after dusk they finally stopped. They'd tripped one too many times in the darkness and had decided that they might as well rest for the night. They decided to take shifts throughout the night, which Castiel taking the first shift. They didn't make a fire because they didn't want to attract anything with its heat, light, or smoke. So, they pushed themselves up against the base of a large tree and cuddled closely together to conserve body heat.
"No, Claire, I'm afraid I won't be." Castiel answered. "There's an event I have to attend, but Mr. Dean will be here with you and you two can have lots of fun together."
Castiel sighed and sat back down. His wings felt awful. They were covered in blood and grime, and many feathers were out of place. He normally took the time to have his wings groomed after a battle, but he'd been denied that luxury. Castiel tried to groom himself, reaching behind his back, but many sections of his wings evaded touch, and so Castiel was left to his discomfort.
"I would've expected you be handling this better, Castiel." Naomi said chidingly, and Castiel felt his insides twist.
Castiel glanced at himself in the mirror and ran a hand through his hair. Then, he followed Claire's and Dean's voices to the Claire's bathroom. Claire was standing on his step-stool as Dean did her hair in a fancy braid.
Part of Castiel was concerned that something had happened. A much larger part was already cursing and swearing because of what was about to come.
Castiel was too distracted to move away, and the ferret rammed into him. It took Castiel by surprise because the ferret was
Castiel leaned forward to brush his lips to Dean's, and instantly the stillness broke. Dean flung himself against Castiel and latched his mouth to Castiel's neck. Castiel moaned as Dean began to suck. He struggled to keep his balance as he wrapped his arms against Dean's lithe body and pulled them flush against one another.
“I don’t know.” Castiel sighed. “We didn’t really talk about it. He seemed embarrassed. He left really early.”
Claire was still deeply asleep, but she still shifted until she was cuddled up against his side with her little nose pressed against his neck. Castiel moved forward to kiss her forehead. He really should start insisting she sleep in her own bed. More often than not, she ended up in Castiel's bed. But Castiel couldn't bear to turn her away. He thought it probably comforted her in Amelia's absence. So, Castiel instead turned off the light and stared up at the ceiling, waiting to fall asleep and pointedly not thinking about how he was a pathetic excuse for a father.
Castiel stood and crossed to the front of his cell when Dean was returned hours later. He watched as the demons led Dean through the hall and into the adjacent cell. Dean was wearing new clothing, but even in the dim torchlight Castiel could see the cloth was already being stained with blood.
"You would?" Dean asked. He tensed a little, making Castiel wince. Castiel was aware that a familiar's form could make the familiar vulnerable. Even familiars with multiple forms could be vulnerable in whatever form they became since the form was often highly influenced by the familiar's emotions and instincts. The more powerful and experienced a familiar, the easier it was for them to control which form they became in times of high stress, but one could never be too certain.
Blearily, Castiel shook himself from his dream. He blinked up at the ceiling, trying to gain his bearings.
"I will not keep you here against your will." Castiel said, refraining from rolling his eyes. "If you would like to leave, feel free to do so. I would, however, prefer if you stayed, at least until the rain stops. I would like to make sure that you are warm and well-fed."
Dean looked away first, and he pulled his hand from Castiel's into his own lap. "I guess we should hurry to Center Heaven if I am pregnant."
Out of nowhere, a hand shoved Castiel forward and he stumbled, flailing, to the ground. Dean landed besides him with an 'oof.'
Dean was going to get them both banished or killed. Maybe Lucifer didn’t care enough to meet him and maybe he didn’t care that his omega Intended had an alpha guard, but there was no way the King would allow any sort of romance between his Intended and the guard. Dean only hoped that Lucifer would pin most of the blame on himself and not on Castiel.
the school year ended so I decided to celebrate by starting another wip! I plan to update every Friday or every-other Friday
Bobby's storage room was full of, for a lack of a better word, junk. Castiel had no idea how Dean expected to find anything useful, but the omega started looking through all the random things with vigor, so Castiel helped.
"We did a lot of coloring today, lots of drawing competitions and tic-tac-toe that she won. She had a peanut butter and banana sandwich with celery sticks for lunch. She had plenty of water, took a nap after lunch too. We spent time reading together, she's a great reader, by the way, and we played Twister. I hope that that was alright. I usually like to bring Twister because the kids have fun making me twist into contorted shapes, and it's at least a little bit of exercise."
Three pairs of footprints were heard. The demons entered the hallway first, and Dean traveled behind them. Castiel sucked in a breath at the sight.
Dean didn’t think he’d ever been so angry with himself before. He couldn’t believe he slept with Cas. It was pretty much the one thing he shouldn’t have done.
"I hadn't seen light in years." Dean said. "Not angelic light, at least. It fucks you up in the head to not be able to see it, or feel it."
Castiel swallowed. Seniors needed a certain amount of community service hours to graduate and Castiel was severely behind. It wasn’t that he was against community service, but he spent a lot of his time studying and the few times he’d gone out to the different community service events he always felt like he was more a hindrance than a help. The other volunteers didn’t like him and Castiel got complaints from the volunteer recipients for being too blunt. He didn’t mean to be insultive, he just didn’t know how to talk to people without being so direct.
“It’s just this fucking universe, Charlie.” He tried. “Our stupid biologies. He’s an alpha and I’m an omega, that’s all. ‘Sides, I’m not into dudes.”
Castiel stared at Gabe, mouth opening and closing as he tried to form words. His mind was spinning a mile a minute and Castiel could not form a concrete thought for the life at him.
Charlie led Dean into her living room and Dean practically collapsed onto her couch. He threw his free arm (the one not holding the coffee) over his eyes.
Castiel sighed. He felt defeated and exhausted. He entered his home and closed the door behind him softly. He traveled through the entrance area to the living room and kitchen. It wasn't hard to tell that a tantrum of enormous proportions had taken place. There were a few toppled chairs and broken plates on the floor that made Castiel wince. Toys were thrown everywhere. A plant had been knocked over and it's soil spilled everywhere.
Summary: Castiel doesn't know why he's longing for something as simple and human as marriage, but he is and he decides to ask Dean to marry him. What could go wrong?
Chapter's Summary: Castiel always seems to be staring at Dean. Dean just happens to stare back (and it has nothing to do with how blue Cas's eyes are, of course not).
"Thanks, Dean." Sam muttered. He looked up and forced a grin. "I'm glad to see you again. I thought you were gone."
"You've got me." Castiel hesitantly unfurled his left wing. Dean lifted his back from the tree and gave just enough space for Castiel to slip his wing in between Dean's back and the tree and curl it protectively around Dean's outer side.
"He's got me." Dean's voice came as a growl from behind Castiel. He felt Dean's hand take his own and squeeze.
"He thinks it's funny, you know? He mocks me. Every time you try to help me and fail, he makes me remember."
“I love you guys too.” Jack’s voice was slightly muffled by Castiel’s chest, but he didn’t care. Next to him, Dean had also enveloped Claire in a bear hug. The two of them shifted towards each other to merge their groups into one large family hug.
Castiel let out a frustrated huff. “Mrs. Harvelle asked me to tutor him and I agreed because I need more community service hours to graduate. Our first session was hell.”
Sure enough, there was their picture. Dean laughed when he saw it. Their hair was blown back and crazy and their cheeks looked red. Dean studied himself for a moment. He could see his wide eyes and grin.
“The parents of the two boys will be here soon.” Lisa told him. “They’re still going to be punished, of course, but this is something we should talk out anyways.”
“No.” Ellen answered. “It’ll be interesting to see how your kiddo turns out. I’m sure you’re praying for Cas’s mild manners, but I don’t think any Winchester is exempt for your stubbornness.”
“No first-time parent ever really knows what they’re doing until they’ve done it. Hell, even parents of multiple children have a hard time finding a good rhythm. Don’t beat yourself up about it.”
“No,” Dean answered, shaking his head, “Last weekend, I think. He was telling me that his mom wants him to get into a relationship, but he’s not interested or ready. So we wouldn’t go out, anyways. We slept together, which is not professional of me at all. If he finds out I have feelings for him, he may question my intentions in staying as Claire’s nanny. He may think I’m more focused on winning him over than caring for her.”
"Dean." Castiel said, his voice urgent. Dean wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and shrugged.
Dean's eyes flashed and he tensed. A clear no. Castiel ducked his head to hide his disappointment. He had never expected to have a familiar, but he had entertained the thought before and it appealed to him.
“I’m glad you like it.” April said, grinning. “I asked for it to be put in. My dad was against it since it’s impractical, but I convinced him. Told him it brightened up the house.”
Castiel averted his eyes at the display of affection. He didn't understand the longing that welled up in his chest.
Dean chattered some more and then flew to Castiel. He landed on Castiel's head. Castiel could feel Dean moving strands of his hair into particular positions as the familiar settled himself.
Upon arriving at the gala, Castiel went straight to the bar. He was fortunate enough that it was open before dinner. Castiel knew it may not have been the politest of moves, but he needed to have a drink if he was going to last the night.
"Well, Dean," Alastair cooed, "it seems that it's time for you and I to spend some quality time together."
“Jack, would you please go to your room, too.” Castiel said softly. Jack looked at him, his face a mixture of worry and confusion, and nodded. He turned and left the room. He was always an obedient and sweet boy.
Thanks to everyone who waited patiently and continued to read when I missed my post dates and also thanks to everyone who read this fic in general lol
"You've already harmed Dean." Alastair scoffed. "You made a decision for him and then forced him to spend his heat with you. Was it even for him? I wonder, we're you threatened by my presence? Did you feel the need to stake your claim and make sure that no one would touch him?"
"Not at all." Dean grinned at him. "If you want to wash up or somethin', Claire and I will just finish gossiping about you."
slacking off and making fun of people! A whole bunch of them, whom I’ve never spoken to, call me Four-eyes because they saw me wearing my glasses. Granted, it’s not the
“This nurse is going to check you out to make sure you’re really down from your rage, and then you can see your kid. I’m going to grab him for you.”
“May he rest in hell.” Gabriel corrected with a bored wave of his hand. “He was just as much of a dick as Lucifer.”
“Yep.” Charlie turned to gesture around at the house. “Fully furnished and everything. It was pretty obvious whose rooms were whose, too. Lots of fun nerdy things for me and books in Sam’s room. Jack’s room was kind of barren, actually, except he’s got a desk and there was a whole bag of nougat on top of it. We thought you might be coming, ‘cause your room has a record player and a bunch of records with your type of music.”
Dean stood still for a moment. Castiel could feel his annoyance and frustration through the temporary bond but he was intent on ignoring it.
Another man entered the elevator. Castiel observed him briefly and saw he had dark blonde hair and green eyes. Castiel supposed he was conventionally attractive, but he didn't really care.
Dean was so distracted and amused by the family of ducks that he did not really register the family sitting at the table next to Dean’s until the daughter, a young blond toddler, gasped loudly in delight.
With a final morose thought of how he’d ruined everything, Castiel pushed himself up so he was standing and left the room. He needed to put his feelings aside for a little and pick up Claire from Gabriel’s house. It was fortunate that Claire’s scenting abilities wouldn’t come into their full potential until she was older, otherwise she’d probably scent way more than Dean’s presence.
"It's going to be a lot of fun. There's tons of things to do down there, and I just know you'll love the estate."
"I can introduce you to this angel named Charlie. I think you'd like her." Castiel said. "And I will be sure to visit you often. We could even exchange letters, if you wish."
"Interesting." Castiel said. "Why did you take your father's name?" Usually angels took the name of their alpha mate, or, in the case of a beta-omega pairing, their beta mate.
Castiel looked up with wide eyes. His scent was saltier than normal, and Dean realized with dismay that Cas was
Cas noses along his neck. “I don’t know. I like the idea of having you bent over the arm of this sofa for me.”
"I don't have much time for things outside of watching Claire." Castiel replied, feeling strangely smug when April's gaze hardened at the mention of his pup.
Dean moved away from Castiel's neck and settled on his lips. Their first kiss was rough and rushed, barely lips and mostly a clash of teeth. Dean was desperate, and, apparently, so was Castiel. They kissed again, slower and more passionately. Castiel did his best to drown out the demonic background noises. He moved his hands to stroke through Dean's wings, making the omega moan and shift against him.
"The bedroom is fine." Castiel answered. He was unprepared for Dean's eyes to flash angrily and for the familiar to pull into himself in a defensive position.
"Do you want more kids?" April questioned. "I hope you don't mind me asking, but you seem to really like them."
“I must admit that what he and I have isn’t entirely proper.” Dean sighed. “But I value him and his presence in my life.”
Castiel swallowed, his throat dry. Dean was tensed beside him, but Castiel couldn't bring himself to look at the the omega.
"Okay." Claire nodded. She picked out hot pink, orange, bright yellow, lime green, and blue and gave it to the woman.
"Your name is Bobby Singer?" Castiel asked, brain scrambling around to try and figure out why it sounded so familiar.
“Yeah.” Charlie nodded. “For what it’s worth, I think that you’ve been very brave and strong all these years, raising your brothers.”
That week’s family dinner was one of the best. With Dean back, everything felt more cheerful and genuine. While the majority of their family members cooed over Jack or caught up with Dean, Castiel spent most of his time simply taking it in.
“Missed you too.” Dean says, grinning. He leans forward and kisses Cas. It takes his husband a second to respond, he’s clearly still experiencing the effects of sleep.
They stumbled out of the roller coaster cart and to the exit. Their picture was funny to look at, mostly because of how ridiculous they all looked. Their hair was everywhere and Sam and Dean were sharing similar uncomfortable looks.
Castiel barely managed to catch him as he fell. He tumbled under Dean's sudden weight and slipped so that he was sitting in the grass and Dean was laying across his lap.
This time Castiel almost thought he saw a flash of hurt, but then Gabriel was crossing his arms and giving him an unamused stare, so it probably wasn't that.
Midday, Castiel forced himself to take a break and eat lunch. He made himself a salad, for all the power he had as a witch, he was awful at cooking. Gabriel found glee in that.
The waitress shoots him a winning smile. “Now that we’ve got that all figured, go on and take a seat, and I’ll get you a slice of pie.”
Dean slipped his phone into his pocket. He ignored its buzz as he pulled away from the curve and headed for Charlie’s house.
“Yep!” Gabe answered. He held out a hand that suddenly had a lollipop in it and plopped the candy into his mouth. “Chuck’s death brought me back, too. But it threw me into this universe like five seconds after, so I couldn’t come say ‘hi’ and everything. Cool that you’re here.”
He also felt incredibly guilty. He knew his problems were not nearly as bad as some of the problems of the people of Winchester, and that he was incredibly privileged to be a royal that found a wealthy and strategically important mate, but there was something bitter and unhappy that settled deep in his gut and would not leave no matter how positive he tried to be.
"I will not be a coward in my own home, Dean." Castiel replied, slowing in his step. "Do not worry. My wards are very powerful and few could best them."
"I believe so." Castiel answered. "Though I know that the public schools in this area are good, so I'm not quite sure yet. I've got a couple of months to decide."
"Nothing." Dean looked away, flushing to his ears. "You're just different from the other witches I've met."
They were quiet as the ferris wheel slowly made its way up. Dean resisted looking around, but he kept feeling the breezes caused by height and it finally drew his eyes to the side.
"Dean, if you think it's good of me to do what any decent being would've done, then clearly I've made a poor impression." Castiel joked. He reached out for Dean's hand once more, but paused hesitantly. Dean met him halfway and intertwined their fingers.
Dean's tongue peeked out from his mouth and stayed there, like he didn't know it was happening. Castiel thought it was adorable.
Dean tried to smile at Mr. Novak, but he was tense. He led Adam away and refused to look back. Mr. Novak would probably have questions on Monday, so Dean had to prepare for that.
Castiel's plants seemed to sense his sorrow. They were clingier than normal and they whispered appreciation as he passed through. Dean trotted loyally besides him the entire morning. He shifted inside the house before they both went into the front part of the house where the shop was located.
Dean risked another glance at Cas. Cas met his eyes cooly, his face as steely and expressionless as always. He did tilt his head, though, which was ridiculously adorable.
It took Dean longer than he normally would have to get ready, once again due to the pregnant belly. Dean groused and complained. Castiel could only watch him, feeling warm fondness in his chest.
Arriving at Bobby’s house was almost as nerve-wracking as taking Jack to the hospital. He stood in front of the door for a few moments, just rocking Jack, as he tried to work up the courage to knock. He briefly considered just leaving, but he knew he couldn’t hide forever.
It had really only been difficult when Claire had asked why Amelia had left. Claire was eleven at the time, and she had approached Castiel and Dean after dinner one evening with anxiety etched in her features. Castiel had not wanted to hurt Claire by telling her the straight-forward truth: that Amelia had not wanted to be a mother, and so she’d more-or-less abandoned Claire with Castiel and then had dropped off the face of the earth. So, Castiel and Dean had sugar-coated it a little. They explained, in many soft and calming words, that Amelia had not felt ready to be a parent and she knew that it would be best for Claire if Claire grew up with Castiel and Dean instead of Castiel and Amelia. It was basically the truth, anyways.
"Okay!" Claire hopped down from her chair and started looking in her closet. "I'm choosing my outfit!"
Dean looked as he had for the past week and a half. His skin was pale and papery and his hair disheveled. He had a respirator, but the doctors had told Castiel that Dean’s heart was working perfectly fine and that he still displayed brain activity, so there was still hope for him.
Dean stops having nightmares on Thursday nights, but they return with a vengeance right after. It’s really starting to weigh on Dean’s mind because he suspects they’re more than figments of his imagination.
Dean squinted as he searched the enclosure and tried to follow Claire's pointing finger. Sure enough, a large panda bear sat next to some bamboo in the far corner with a panda cub in its lap. It was rather adorable, and Dean moved just a bit closer.
Castiel found himself in the library the following day, which was not surprising. He sat himself down in his usual chair and pulled out a book.
Castiel recoiled at the darkness that resided all around. Something felt wrong within him. He felt ill, poisoned maybe. It drained him of his energy and left an ashy taste in his mouth.
It was about a week after taking Jack home that Castiel decided to return with his pup to the hospital. Castiel visited the hospital daily, of course, but he hadn’t brought Jack with him. Jack needed to meet Dean, even if it was like this.
The forest rose around them, and Castiel breathed in deeply. It had been much too long since he had been outside. Angelic souls were meant to enjoy nature, in any of its form. The buildings of Center Heaven had been designed for this. Their many of the ceilings and walls were made clear so angels could see outside at anytime. It allowed them to stare up into the stars, watch the sunsets and sunrises, or simply enjoy the beauty of the world around them.
The rest of the afternoon and evening was spent researching, but it was absolutely pointless. As much as Dean hated to admit it, Sam was right. There were no reliable sources, and even the fake stuff did not mention alternate universes. It was all very irritating.
Castiel lowered his gaze. "I'm sorry. I swear, I will never do that again. I don't care what our child is, I will care for it and protect it with my life."
Dean took a deep breath and got out of the Impala. He headed up to his apartment, too far into his own thoughts to really perceive anything around him. It wasn’t until he’d already gotten into his apartment and closed and locked the door behind him that he was pulled from his thoughts.
"I attended an omega-only boarding academy." April said. "It was hard for the first few months, but it did teach me how to be more independent and it improved my social skills."
"You are welcome." Castiel replied. Instead of eating, Castiel watched Dean eat. The familiar shoveled down the eggs like it was the first meal he had had in weeks. Perhaps it was.
"That's why your dad drilled it into your head that you had to keep Sam safe, never mind that you were a child and
"Claire," Castiel said, "I'm going go sit over there." He nodded towards some empty seats near the front of the salon.
Dean’s chambers were not all that different from his own back in Winchester, though the decorations were far more impersonal (as was expected). His new chambers did have a very nice balcony that overlooked the capital. At the second storey, Dean’s room had a rather impressive height along with a rather impressive view.
Castiel said nothing for a moment, thinking. "If the rest of the week goes well, will you be available to watch Claire this Friday evening?"
He had to admit that it was doing funny things to his brain to see such an attractive omega caring so proficiently for Castiel's pup.
"That was only because you didn't have a choice!" Castiel protested. "I feel horrible for making the choice for you."
"Yes, thank you for your advice, Gabriel." Castiel cut in, pinching his nose. "I'll bring Claire around 5:45."
They walked down to the library entrance together, shoulders nearly brushing. Dean gave Cas a smile and a wave as they started to part their separate ways.
Castiel sucked in a startled breath. He knew that that could be just as painful as cutting off an angel's wings. "And he lived?"
“You learn to tell.” Sam shrugged. “It’ll take you a day or so to get used to it, then your instincts will kick in.”
Dean picked an arbitrary direction and had taken all of two steps when something came crashing through the woods behind them.
“Gabe,” Castiel sighed, wanting very much to hide his face in his hands, “No. I just kissed April. That’s all.”
“Hey, we gotta talk about this,” Dean said, “I need you to be okay, if something ever happens to me like this again.”
Dean’s scent must have given away how nervous he was feeling, because it caught the attention of the others and they glanced over at him with concern.
Dean takes a step back. “I don’t mean this in a brotherly, family way, either. I mean, like, with feelings and shit. I don’t know if that’s what you wanted to hear, but it’s true. I’m not going to hold this against you, Cas, because even when I couldn’t remember myself I could still remember that I love you.
"I slept well." Castiel softly replied. He glanced at the clock and saw that it was just past six. Still early. "Would you like breakfast?"
Castiel returned home at nearly 11:30 in the evening. He was exhausted and irritated, and he collapsed on the couch with a huff.
Castiel would always grumble as he pushed himself up and brush off his pants, but truthfully he enjoyed their camaraderie. It was nice to have Dean around.
Now, there was nothing else for Dean to think about except for how his stomach fluttered whenever Castiel entered a room, like he was a teenage girl with a crush.
He looks up and his breath catches in his throat. The customer has finally lifted his head and Dean just got a good look at him. He has dark brown hair and a smooth, chiseled face. His eyes seem to be piercing into Dean’s. He’s fucking built, too. All in all, the customer is
But it was good to actually spend some time with Claire and to see her happy, even if his attempts at singing made her giggle.
Castiel observed Dean intently on the third evening of Dean's illness. He watched as the omega's chest went up and down, assuring himself that Dean was only asleep and not dead. Castiel drifted off to sleep watching over Dean protectively.
“It’s true, and I love them as my sons. All of you, I love as my kids.” Ellen said, voice growing tender. She seemed to be more sentimental now that Dean was pregnant, as though the thought of a baby grandchild had softened her a bit.
“What are you two bitching about now?” Bobby grumbled, joining their conversation. His cupcake had been very liberally coated with blue sprinkles.
“Have you thought about it some more?” Charlie asked quietly. “I know you hate talking about it, but we’re all kind of on the edge of our seats waiting for you. None of us want to get attached because we don’t know what you’re going to decide, but at the same time we’re so excited, Dean.”
Castiel and Dean practically jumped from ledge to ledge for the rest of the way, both stressed and terrified. They were weaponless and it would still be at least a week until Castiel could try to fly again.
"Claire." Castiel softly called. Her little head bounced up as she looked up. A wide, gummy grin broke across her features and she jumped to her feet and ran to Castiel.
The room was dark except for a small bit of light coming in through the window from a streetlight outside.
Another wave of heat flashed through him, making Dean squirm and twist in the bed. He was so fucking hot.
Jack continued to cry for a few minutes before Castiel was able to shake himself out of his thoughts. He immediately felt guilty for neglecting Jack, and he hurried to go tend to his pup. It was lucky that Jack only needed a diaper change since Castiel had not prepared a bottle.
After hanging up, Castiel looked around his house and noticed what a mess it was. He frowned but forced himself to stand and start cleaning. The trash was overflowing, the sink too, and there were baby supplies everywhere. He started first by taking out the trash and replacing the bag, then refilling the new bag and taking that one out too. It was pretty disgusting, actually, so Castiel tried not to think about it. Then, he started organizing all of Jack’s things. Toys went in one basket, books in another. Blankets and various soft things went onto the couch.
The light was much too bright behind his eyes. Castiel squeezed his shut eyes and gritted his teeth. His ears were ringing loudly in his head, and yet he could still hear his heart beating.
Castiel looked to him and kept his gaze until someone cleared their throat. Then they both looked away.
"Pretty angel, all bark and no bite." One sneered. "You'll give up that nasty attitude soon enough." They chuckled to themselves and stalked away, and Castiel heard a door closing heavily. He sighed and paced his cell.
Castiel sent him a neutral glance. “Are you truly surprised? There’s no way Ellen and Charlie would let you get away without it.”
"You two have been through a lot." Bobby said. "You should eat up and get some rest, then we'll talk about what needs to happen."
"There's no real process, not like with a permanent bond. It's made as soon as I use your assistance when performing magic." Castiel explained. "It is very simple, actually. We can work on it now, if you wouldn't mind."
Dean presses the note carefully against the fridge. He waits a moment to make sure it doesn’t lose its grip and fall, and then he moves on with his day. He gets Jack’s lunch (Claire insists on making her own, because apparently neither Dean nor Cas can make it “cool” enough for their middle-schooler). Jack’s still too young to really care about how his lunch compares in terms of good brand, sugary food to his classmates’. Truthfully, Dean’s not sure Jack will ever really care about all of that. He knows his son, and Jack is usually far more interested in things that have nothing to do with other people and have about the same amount of influence on the real world as comparing lunches.
"No," Castiel admitted, "but she was still a constant in my life for the past five years. It takes time to get used to her being gone."
“None needed, Castiel. I hope to see you soon.” Dean replied, but the alpha was already partially out the door so Dean had no idea if Castiel had heard what he’d said.
"I suppose I am, compared to most angels." Castiel mused. "We are technically at the same maturity level, as well."
Castiel smiled a little in response. He knew Charlie was a good judge of character, and even if he found the man untrustworthy, Castiel had several cameras within the common areas of his home so he could always check up on Claire and the nanny if he needed to.
"You're in no position to make threats." Alastair warned, his eyes glinting dangerously. A demon guard kicked the back of Castiel's legs and sent him to his knees.
There was a crunch behind Castiel. In an instant he whirled around and shoved himself in front of Dean, eyes scanning for the threat.
The doorbell rang again, making Castiel wince and look at the baby monitor. It stayed silent, luckily, but for the crackle of static. Castiel turned to frown at the door. Everyone knew to knock instead of ring the doorbell because of Jack, so who could be at the door?
Cas doesn't say anything, though. He’s a good person, better than any Dean could ever deserve to know.
For Gabe, a bunch of chocolate. Gabriel ate almost exclusively sweets (chocolate specifically), so it seemed obvious to Dean that chocolate would be the perfect gift.
They’re quiet. Dean’s thoughts are running a mile a minute. Could Cas really mean it? Could Dean tell him everything without judgement?
pathetic), but Balthazar only crossed his arms. Castiel dropped his head as he sat down on the bench.
That didn't mean that Castiel didn't speculate, though. The theory that seemed most plausible to Castiel was that Dean's family had been killed when Dean was taken, and that he felt guilty for their deaths.
Dean only mentioned his mom in passing a couple of times after that, but the real conversation came on a Friday afternoon during a large spring storm.
?" Gabriel's beta scent sharpened considerably, which took Castiel aback a little. Gabriel hardly ever got upset.
He tried to figure out what the demons had been talking about. He knew that Dean was the omega they referred to and that he himself was the alpha. He could not understand the obsession with Dean, though. As far as he could tell, the omega had done nothing worthy of this horrible attention. Dean certainly hadn't mentioned anything. Could he be keeping something from Castiel?
"Dean told me we should form a permanent bond before facing Michael since it would make me more powerful."
Both men look at him. The tall man’s eyes widen and pushes past Castiel into Dean’s apartment. Dean immediately bristles and holds the bat out in warning. Just ‘cause Cas was cheating on this man with Dean doesn’t make it okay for him to try and beat Dean up.
An achingly sweet and nostalgic fragrance hit Castiel suddenly, and he nearly fell backwards from the force. He could not help but gasp and scent Dean deeper, hand tightening around Dean's wrist.
Dean couldn't ignore the alpha's scent. It seemed to lose its aggressive tint and mellow out into something more inquisitive before it sharped considerably with frustration.
Gabriel laughed and held out his hand so she could place hers palm-to-palm with his and they could compare.
Dean felt his eye twitch. “I swear to Chuck, Sammy, if you don’t start explaining shit in more than one sentence I’m going to fucking lose it.”
"We're not mates!" Castiel hurried to say, vigorously shaking his head. His heart stuttered and then started beating rapidly at the suggestion, something that made Castiel confused.
Gabriel led the group of servants that were prepping Dean for the wedding. They bathed him and changed him into his wedding clothes and painted his face. None of them, excluding Gabriel, spoke to Dean, whether that be because of his poor mood or because they weren’t supposed to, Dean wasn’t sure.
"That's fine." Castiel said. "I'll try to contact him tonight, maybe he will be able to watch Claire tomorrow."
Castiel hesitated for a second, then ran up the stairs two at a time. He turned left and went straight down to the first door. His hands were beginning to feel sweaty and gross by the time he knocked on Dean’s door.
The customer, a larger man with a beard, nodded his head. "Thank you. Got yourself some interesting things, huh?"
"More or less." The demon shrugged. "As I said before, Alastair's getting a little too high and mighty, and this will take him down a bit. At least it will give me a reason to yell at him. Since you have something important, I assume you can at least make the angels and demons stop fighting long enough to talk this out like reasonable adults. I'll admit that I'm not the highest of demons, but I'm damn close. I can convince a substantial amount to listen, and I'll dispose of those who disagree, if I can."
“No!” Castiel exclaimed, flushing. “I was just curious. That’s what friends do, right? Ask one another about romantic interests.”
Dean was actually very excited for the Indiana Jones ride. He was ready to geek out a bit with Charlie over that and Galaxy’s Edge.
Dean smiles at note, fondness tugging at his heart. He removes the post-it note and carefully adds it to the stack of old notes. He can never bear to get rid of any of them, even the most mundane ones. Castiel is always telling him to throw it away because it’s trash, but the fact that he hasn’t just done it himself tells Dean that his husband cares more about their used post-its than he cares to admit. So far, Dean’s been nice enough not to mention it.
If Castiel wasn't still shocked and terrified by the ferret's spontaneous and violent transformation, he would've shivered from the deepness of the ferret-turn-man's voice.
“Pretty cute, huh?” Dean asked, trying and failing at sounding casual. He cleared his throat when his voice cracked.
Nearly three months after waking up with no memory, Dean has a nightmare so terrible and gruesome that he spends the rest of the night and morning hunched over the toilet. The nightmare had been in two parts. In the first, Dean was being
Dean finished before Castiel had taken two bites. He looked up at Castiel sheepishly and put his plate down.
"Papa!" She exclaimed, lunging towards him. Castiel caught her hug and then lifted her up in his arms. She wrapped her arms around his neck and squeezed tightly.
“See, Dean?” Castiel breathed. His hands slid down from Dean’s face to his neck and his thumbs stroked gently against the soft, sensitive skin behind Dean’s ears. “It doesn’t matter that your sperm did not bring our children into existence. They are ours. You have done exactly what a parent does with their children, Dean, because you are a parent.”
Dean unbuckled Claire from her seat and then opened the front door. Mr. Novak was still on the phone. His eyes widened greatly when he saw them. Claire didn't stop to greet her father, she just went down the hall to her room. Dean looked at the ground.
The ferret looked back at the meat and started eating with gusto once again. Castiel let out a quiet breath. He resumed his probing again, even more cautiously than before.
"Not really." Dean said with a chuckle. "My dad was an asshole. I wanted to run away with my brother, never got the courage to."
Without much fanfare, the two started across the field to the gorge. It was a bit nerve-wracking to be out in the open, so they quickened their pace. It was also hot, causing them to pant and sweat off valuable water.
Dean presses his hand against Cas’s chest and let’s go of the paper he’s been holding onto. Castiel glances down at it, head tilting, and takes it to read it. He smiles at Dean and kisses him again.
that scarred children and their families. As much as it frustrated Dean to have to put on clothes when he was already sweating, he couldn’t really complain when he knew it was for the best for everyone. Some of the hotel workers were kind enough to tell Dean and Castiel that they would bring their luggage to the new room later so that Cas and Dean could get there as soon as possible. They would also be escorted to the new room separately to prevent their instincts from kicking in while in public.
Cas nodded but still stared at Dean intently. “I do mean for this to be a romantic meeting. Are you still okay with that?”
“I’m sorry.” He apologized, ducking his head. “I should know better than to speak of my King and my Intended in such a way.”
"Thank you, Mr. Kelly." Michael said silkily, making the hairs on Castiel's arm stand on end. "I do not know if I could get away for a weekend, but the holiday is a fine idea."
Claire brightened and dropped her hands. "You can give me more treats and it can be a new secret and then I can keep it better!"
“Mhm, I think a little bit.” Charlie hummed. “Not as much as Dean, but Dean’s especially prone to nesting because he’s, well, you know.”
They ran once they reached the bottom of the gorge, heedless of the numerous cracks and rocks threatening to catch their toes and trip them. A bright side about the gorge was that the demons were forced into a single-file line, same as Castiel and Dean. It was a small advantage, but still crucial.
Dean was silent the entire time. He only just managed to smile and nod when Castiel offered their thanks. He thought that he must have pulled it off fairly well, because the guests always seemed pleased when he and Castiel moved on.
"I'm sure we can find something to keep Claire entertained over the weekend. She could go horseback riding." April said.
Castiel grimaced and tried to glance over his shoulder at the wings. They did seem to bend in awkward directions.
Dean was completely miserable. Castiel tried to comfort him, but he wasn’t very successful. It made Castiel anxious to see his mate in so much pain. He tried to mask his scent, though, because his anxiety would likely only make Dean more stressed than he already was.
Meeting Dean had been very different from meeting the other nannies, but that may have been because they'd already been aquatinted. Dean seemed to be a charming and outgoing man, more caring than the other nannies.
"Dean," Castiel said hastily, reaching through the bars to grasp onto Dean's shoulders, "calm down."
“I am so sorry.” He apologized, clearly embarrassed. “I swear I never curse in front of her, I have no idea how she mislearned ‘duck.’ "
Somehow they end up with Dean straddling Cas’s lap and Cas’s hands on Dean’s hips. It’s fucking hot and it feels fucking perfect.
Damn, that shouldn’t have had Dean tearing up, but Dean’s hormones were all wacky lately so he was more sensitive (or, that’s what he was telling himself).
It was silent for some time after that, with only the noise of Castiel's movements. He was admittedly stressed and anxious. Every part of him screamed with the instinct to comfort the hurt omega. Castiel itched with energy and discomfort. He had always been a patient man, but now he found himself unable to keep still.
“Do you think this is enough?” Castiel fretted. He and Dean weren’t for extravagant gifts, but was a date night too little?
"It's hard to say." Castiel mused. "A couple of days to Earth, probably. But I'm not sure how quickly we'll be able to get to Heaven from Earth. If we spot an angel patrol, then much quicker. If not, then I don't know. A week maybe."
Dean was having the same problem, it seemed, because Castiel heard the other angel huff and sigh and shift every few minutes.
His skin was cool and still to the touch. Castiel curled in on himself as a sobbed worked its way through his throat. He kept his fingers against Dean's neck, desperate.
Castiel swallowed. He had not been expecting any sort of confession like that. Clearly, though, Dean was a dedicated person, and there was no reason for Castiel to not hire him.
Dean brought Jack up to his neck and brushed his nose against Jack’s head. It was so different to see them bonding like this, with Dean actually conscious and able to respond.
got her way. Growing up, Naomi had installed a rigid respect system rather than a parental bond in her children that she still implemented. Castiel, like the majority of his brothers, knew to listen to Naomi's orders. This complete obedience could have easily been misused if Naomi were, say, a gang lord, or something. As it were, Naomi only had a mind for business and their family's public image, so Castiel never had to worry that Naomi would do something illegal and command him to take part. Naomi absolutely despised all illegal activity (though, Castiel thought Naomi only hated and abstained from it because taking part posed too big a risk of destroying their family's image).
Dean watched him for a moment. Castiel had nothing else to say and no reaction. He wasn't sure what Dean seemed to be waiting for since Castiel had already introduced himself.
"I would rather let him have me than let you die." Dean retorted, eyes flickering to the ground. "I can't lose you, Cas, I can't. And I can't let this be on my conscious."
"Lovely." Crowley purred. "You should get going. I'm not going to turn you in, of course, but Alastair's going to be looking for his prized possession soon. If I were you I'd want to get as far away as possible."
"How did you escape the bond?" Castiel asked, purposefully softening his tone. He didn't want to upset Dean or scare him away.
Castiel sat down at the kitchen table and watched Dean move around the kitchen with ease. He shot Castiel beaming smiles as he cooked them both eggs, bacon,
Dean huffed and went back to chomping on Castiel's plants. Castiel shook his head and stood. He brushed himself off and leaned down to gently pick Dean up. Dean squirmed a little at first, surprised, but he quickly settled.
“Claire, we do not know why Amelia never returned.” Castiel said bluntly. “I choose to believe it’s because she knew that you would get all the love you needed right here with your dad and me. You can choose to believe whatever you want, Claire, but what you should always know is that your dad and I love you so,
They’d both heard the stories, of course, of how Lucifer treated his people, especially omegas, behind his father’s back. Dean dreaded marrying him.
The demons chuckled to themselves as they shoved Dean back into his cell. Castiel couldn't see him much through the shadows, and that irritated him. The demons still laughed as they left.
Dean nodded so Castiel put him down on the ground. The mouse circled a few times, then stilled and shimmered.
"You should come meet the others." Jo said. "They're worried about you. I take it that your mate is okay?"
“No, it’s not your fault, Dean. You couldn’t have known.” Castiel sighs. “I do want you, I just don’t know…”
Dean shrugged. “I guess. My morning sickness wasn’t too bad, thank God. All the checkups have been fine, too. My blood pressure’s been a little higher than normal, but it’s still within the healthy range.”
Castiel stayed silent, bitterness and anger churning deep in his belly. Of course Dean would be severely weakened by all of Alastair's cruel treatment. He'd been beaten and malnourished, and that was barely the brunt of it all. The years in captivity had no doubt resulted in his muscles being atrophied, too.
"I'm sorry." Castiel said again. He dropped to his knees. "I said hurtful, untrue things. I should have listened to you. I should not have assumed."
"Take a seat on the toilet." Castiel said as he got his first aid kit. The familiar shut the toilet lid and sat down.
“Your daughter is really cute.” Dean said, wincing immediately afterwards. What a creepy thing to say.
Dean thinks that in any under circumstance he’d be a little freaked out, but there’s something about Castiel that makes Dean want to listen to everything he says, even if he turns out to be a crazy psychopath or something. Dean’s not used to this kind of feeling, and it’s making him super confused.
"No!" Castiel roared, suddenly fighting against the demons. He violently splayed his wings out, shoving the demons away. He took Dean's other forearm in his free hand and pulled Dean flush against him so they were chest-to-chest. Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean's back possessively and rested his chin on Dean's shoulder. He growled at any demon who dared to come close.
"Get up!" A harsh kick was delivered to Castiel's wings and he hissed. Next to him, Dean let out a soft cry that made Castiel's feathers hackle. He struggled to right himself and stand, but it was difficult when Dean was doing the same. The demons grew tired of Castiel's and Dean's efforts and yanked them up by their upper bodies and hair.
Castiel moved to take Jack back from Dean, but Dean shifted away. He yawned and patted the bed next to him.
"Yes, though there's no guarantee they will work well." Castiel replied. His charms would work, and they would work well, but the way they worked might be in a barely noticeable way, depending on what they were supposed to do. It was just easier to say it may not work well so that no one could accuse him of lying.
It wasn’t until a few more days after the party that Dean was allowed to go home for good. He’d have a few checkups, but if all went there would be no more long term stay. The doctors were optimistic he would be alright since he’d already recovered so much with apparently no lasting deficits.
It was when he reached her scent gland that Castiel thought maybe he didn’t want to be kissing April at the moment. There was something about her scent. It wasn’t bad or anything, but there was something about it that was too floraly and not sharp enough.
“It would explain why Jack’s and my powers have been haltered.” Castied added in. “Perhaps the world cannot deny our very nature, which is why we are still able to sense some things, but it prevents us from doing more.”
Sometime around seven, Castiel realized that even if he managed to get a nanny for next day, it wouldn't be enough for a true interview. Luckily, Castiel knew where he could find a good substitute. He took his phone and called a number. Castiel stood and looked through the doorway to the other room to check on Claire.
The words had barely tumbled from Dean’s lips when Castiel was kissing him and pulling him closer, gripping the back of his head, and tightening his other hand around Dean’s waist.
Castiel bathed Claire and got her in her pajamas. He brushed out her soft hair and then led her to her bedroom, silently hoping that she'd feel comfortable enough to sleep in her own bed.
There’s a cute guy at the other end of the coffee shop and Dean cannot stop looking at him. He’s probably coming off as a creep right now, but the cute guy hasn’t noticed and so Dean’s not inclined to stop.
“Because he’s always the one that’s right, Dean.” Ellen answered. “Now, will you finally start helping?”
Dean ended up talking to Charlie for a good thirty minutes before she had to get back to work. Dean bid his goodbye and promised they would meet up for a marathon too. Dean had been waiting for Adam to turn six before showing him Star Wars, since he was a little concerned with the violence, and his birthday was coming up quickly.
"Our house was a little outside the town." Dean said. "It's gone now, though, burned down completely in the fire."
Dean licked his nose and then rubbed his head against Castiel's knee. He looked up at Castiel pleadingly.
Dean will have to leave before Castiel gets home that night, but at least there will be something for Castiel to have.
“You find it peculiar that no royal of Novak, though they were free to do so, has had a consort, and yet I find it more strange that your kingdom would disallow someone from having a consort simply because of their secondary gender.”
"Get up." A demon ordered. Castiel gritted his teeth and slowly got his feet under him. He waited for Dean patiently so that they weren't tugging their shared chain too much.
The log went down the drop safely and splashed out lots of water. Dean was untouched while Charlie and Jack were soaked, making him laugh.
Dean scowled. He knew if he tried to defend himself it would only look more incriminating, so he didn’t say anything.
"By why has it accelerated so much for you?" Castiel asked. He reached between their bars. Dean glanced at his hand, then turned away.
Dean's clothes dropped to the ground, but there was no animal in sight. Castiel frowned and looked around.
April was a beautiful omega. She was smart and funny. Why didn’t Castiel want to be with her? What was wrong with him?
Sam let Dean choose their activity without any fuss, which had become rare after Sam had presented as a headstrong and argumentative alpha. Dean decided they should go riding together. It wasn’t the most social of activities, which might have been a poor choice because Dean doubted that his future husband would let him visit Sam very often, but riding had always been a favorite pastime of Dean’s and he wanted nothing more than to spend his time doing it with Sam.
as well as Dean knew the lyrics. He had fun belting out the songs and singing as loudly as he could. Claire definitely seemed to enjoy it, if her rounds of giggles were anything to go by.
Gabriel raised an eyebrow and his stance stiffened a bit. His tenser posture would have been unnoticeable for most, but Castiel knew Gabriel well.
Dean stared at him for a moment, but Castiel remained indifferent. A moment later, Dean huffed out angrily and turned away, arms crossed. He did not speak to Castiel until they closed up in the afternoon.
Thanks for your patience !! and also happy thanksgiving to Americans I'm not sure who celebrates thanksgiving when but yeah I hope everyone had a great week and will be having a great weekend
"But what could they hope to accomplish by that?" Castiel couldn't help but ask. "A temporary bond does not do much to amplify one's strength, even with a familiar as powerful as you."
She turns away, her short brown hair flipping over her shoulder. At the same moment, something strikes Dean’s memory and he flinches.
He went around the perimeter of the town until he caught Dean's scent. It trailed off into the woods, as Castiel had suspected.
Dean's hands felt amazing as he made his way through Castiel's wings. The ache in Castiel's oil glands finally eased. His wings get much better with the oil. They felt powerful again. Not nearly as strong as he once had been, but still strong.
Dean hummed and resisted kissing Cas again. He was admittedly worried that he wouldn’t be able to control himself, and the last thing he wanted to do was scar a bunch of five- and four-year olds and get banned from Disneyland.
