Jerking his hands in front of him, his wings flaring out in aggravation automatically, changing color once again, to a deeper pleasurable violet. He ignored the change, glaring at his brother. “Time? What am I supposed to do while waiting for you two idiots to figure it out. Go out on another case?” God he did not want to go on another case, the first one turned out shit and the second, he had to go and sneak in the middle of the night to keep his neon wings hidden. It was less then pleasant to traipse through the woods, wings getting caught on every damn bush, branch and god knew what else.
Sipping his ice tea, Sam raised an eyebrow at the other man. Placing his glass down he speared more of his salad. “Seriously? I’m a stubborn ass? Have you looked in the mirror recently?”
Shaking his head “It’s a weird story and don’t really want to go into it. Suffice to say I can’t be in the same room with him.”
Walking closer, he was within a couple feet of Sam before he was spotted. “CASS! Oh man you made it. How’s Dean doing?” Sam looked at his brother, seeing him still deeply asleep.
“Dean wait before you do that, listen we think we’ve figured out a way to get rid of your wings. But in order to do so Cass umm needs to be involved.” Sam blurted out, not wanting to receive some Heavenly wrath directed at him just yet. He was the one who had snuck into Dean’s room, found the two sleeping together, his brother’s wing once again covering him. He had managed to place the sleeping spell on Cass that Rowena had devised to keep him asleep, before carrying him into the workroom. It probably was not the most brilliant of moves on his part, but they really didn’t want Cass running off before they stated what needed to be done.
"Charlie, Cas. Cas, Charlie," Dee introduces them, gesturing between her best friend and her soulmate. Charlie envelopes Cas in a hug, only partly awkward due to Cas's hand still being in Deanna's. Charlie lets her go and steps back.
"Don't know how they let you wear this to school," he mumbles, picking at the 'shirt' so Cas knows what he's talking about. He just smirks and pushes his hands under Dean's sweater. Dean has to give up on discarding Cas's clothes as his flannel is pulled off his body. Once his arms are free again he tugs up the fishnet and throws it away, his hands instantly going to Cas's chest. He runs his hands up his friend's pecs, splaying his hands out, his middle finger just barely grazing the black feather on his collarbone. He let his thumbs ghost past his rosy nipples, Cas's breath catching in his throat as he lets out a small moan.
He wonders briefly about what happened with Kelly’s child and Lucifer, but he trusts that they’ve taken care of it.
"I believe I have some stretches that might help with your carpal tunnel," she comments, nodding to Charlie's brace. "Though you should still wear the brace at night."
"Yes, of course," she replies. "You know how to apply mascara, yes?" she asks, holding out the tube.
“I’ve driven a lot farther for a helluva lot less,” Dean instantly responds. Cas’s face shutters just slightly. “Shit, no, I meant,” he sighs. “I meant of course I’d come if you call. Not because of the case, but because it was
"I dunno. I'm good with cars and I understand the mechanics of most things, but I'm not sure I want to do that for the rest of my life. I used to want to be a firefighter, 'cause our house caught on fire when I was little and it almost killed my mom. Probably would have if the firefighters had been even a minute later. I dunno. I want to do something that will help people, y'know?" Deanna looks over with a small smile, and Cas gives her one in return. They hold eye contact for a very long time, which would have been very bad for both of them, had they not been parked outside a large house.
"Fuck off." Dean growls, moving to stand. He's stopped by a hand on his arm. He turn back to Cas and see's him watching him with his blue eyes. There's a slight twinkle in them and Dean frowns. Cas moves his other hand and Sam lets out an indignant cry. Dean turns back around to see Sam holding a broken phone.
"No way! No freaking way! Chu- Carver Edlund is coming here? No way!" She shakes her head, mentally berating herself for nearly spilling Edlund's real name. "She barely gets out of that damn bathrobe,” she scoffs, “nevermind leave the house."
Then he brought him back at the expense of his own time on earth. Dean wondered what would happen to his soulmate when he died. Would their words go pale like Sam's? Or would the Universe be nice enough to give them a new one after he was dragged to Hell?
After Sam left for college and Dean went off to hunt on his own he began to hope again. Every new hunt held the potential for him to meet his soulmate, but each one that passed without the words being said carved away at that hope.
Sam is watching all of this from beside the Impala, Dean can feel his stare on his back, and maybe Cas never got his final prayer, but Dean doesn’t care anymore. He almost had to live in a world without Castiel in it, one where Cas died never knowing just how loved he was - how loved he still is - and that just won’t do.
"It's easy. Here." Dean takes Cas by the hands and pulls him in, so they're chest to chest, and guides one of Cas's hands to his shoulder. He places his own hand on Cas's lower back and keeps their other, still clasped, hands to the side near their faces. He begins to sway to imaginary music, his face seemingly aflame.
Dean's voice cracks as he tries to choke down the fear and hope battling it out in his chest. Cas turns to him, that soft bitter smile still on his lips, but there are tears in his eyes and it hits Dean that he's never seen the angel cry. He doesn't think he'd like a repeat performance of that.
"If you don't come over here and fuck me right now, I'm leaving," Dean grits out from between clenched teeth. Cas crawls back to Dean and settles between his legs. He squeezes a fair amount of lube onto his fingers and coats them liberally.
Years later, after they had defeated their last, biggest foe in the form of God himself and after Amara had taken over from her brother, promising a fairer, freer Universe, Dean returns to the meadow one last time.
"Cash." Dean answered, pulling out his wallet and waiting for her to give him the cost of the room. She typed some things into the computer then told him the amount he owed. He pulled out the correct amount and handed it to her, smiling. The bell on the door tinkled and Dean turned to see Cas walking into the small room.
"What are you doing?" she asks as Balth contemplates the two shades of lipstick she has in her hands.
As the sun finally sends its first rays their way, lighting up the meadow in a burst of blues and purples and soft pinks and the occasional bright flash of yellow, Dean turns to the angel beside him, watching the early morning light play over the planes of his face. He can't help but think how beautiful he is.
“Dean I can drive the Impala and Cass can ride with you.” Sam suggested, pleased with himself as this would mean even more alone time together.
The Queen shook her head. “No Robin Good-fellow, see about your duties and keep us informed, take your time but not to much, for we wish to see the Second Son enjoy the happiness the First now enjoys.”
Gazing down at his passed out brother, worry deep in his voice. “So what do we do now? We need to kill that monster.”
Cass was starting to get annoyed, he really didn’t like it when people didn’t believe him, not when he had already told them the truth. Deciding to cut all the bullshit as Dean would say, he reached for his Grace and activated it. Raising his head in defiance of what the priest was saying, his eyes lit up with flames of cobalt. Stepping out the door, making note Dean was following him, silently supporting him in what he knew what he was about to do, he rotated his shoulders in a familiar way. Midnight wings sprouted from his back, spreading in a nearly 30 foot wing span. His wing tips were glowing scarlet, looking like flames as they moved gently in the still blowing wind. His entire being began to glow with holy energy, the air crackling as his shortened temper started to manifest.
Growling at how much worry his brother had caused him. “Where the hell are you? Are you alright? Is Cass alright?”
At first when it was just Dean whose feathers changed in reaction to anyone’s emotions he had been annoyed, and upset at times. Especially when they showcased his own volatile feelings, and he had been trying to stand apart from his hunter. Staying away from his hunter had failed spectacularly, and instead he accepted Dean’s rightful claim of him. Which was still the absolute best experience in his billion years old life. To have a mate who was so wonderful and had a heart as large as the solar system and Dean was all his.
“When I carried you back in my arms last night…” Cass started to explain only to be interrupted by the elder once more.
Gabe found himself explaining many of their interactions over the years. And the more he spoke the more relaxed he felt. It was fun speaking to Sam, he enjoyed it and didn’t feel the same need to be a smart ass like he would be if Dean was around. Speaking of which Dean and Cass just going off on a job? Leaving Sam behind and not checking in daily? Yeah there was more going on between the three. And it was something Sam didn’t want to discuss at the moment. But he would find a way to make him speak about it. His hunter and brother were close, very close and he had no intention to get between the two. But he wanted Sam, why he wasn’t sure yet. But he wanted the younger hunter and he planned on pursing him till he had him.
Blinking it took the Angel a few seconds to process his hunter’s words, to understand he didn’t mean hot as is an increase in his body temperature, but in fact hot as in he looked good.
Dean wanted to follow, he really did but his energy was gone. He didn’t realize just how far gone till he found himself falling through the trees, branches snapping around him. One particular branch did not submit to his downward motion, instead it stood in solidarity of not moving. His head cracked on it hard enough to see stars. His wings giving out completely, he slid the rest of the way down. He came to a stop at the base of a large cedar, wings splayed uncomfortably behind him and his arm, now that he had a chance to look, was even worst than he thought it was.
This time though was different, instead of sliding back into sleep, the Archangel snuggled closer to Sam. Moving his hand to grip his leg near the top of Sam’s thigh, he squeezed hard, huffing out a breath as he opened his eyes once more. He blinked a few times, clearing the sleep from his deeply amber eyes. Sam watched as his eyes traveled up his form, staying quiet so he didn’t startle the man. Only when his green met gold did he smile and started talking.
“Because you were mumbling in your sleep. No words but I could see your face scrunching up many times so you were dreaming something.” She smiled as she sipped at her own tea.
Dean followed him in and Rowena and Sam couldn’t miss the huge nine foot tall wings he was sporting on his back. He ended up having to duck down and twist his body in order to get them through the door way. Sam’s eyes widened because his brother typically didn’t go through the bunker with his wings out. Nor did he flap them when in the base, they were to huge and hard to fit. But he was doing both now and the only reason why was because he was trying to calm Cass down. He was carrying the book needed for the spell and not much else, instead keeping a close eye on his Angel.
"Gabe, I met her this morning. I didn't really have time to send out newsletters." Cas shrugs off her arm and start steering her towards the door. "Now if you don't mind, I have some things I need to do."
"Well, at least they're cool with it," Dean jokes once they've stopped laughing. Cas smiles at him, but it falls as he grows serious.
Dean wondered if that was the fate of the Winchester men, to lose their soulmates young and tragically. That old fear of his came back with a vengeance after that.
"Hello Dean." Cas smiles at him softly, hair rumpled from sleep, and Dean can't help but return his smile.
Cas turns his head just a bit more, his shoulders part of the action this time so he ends up nearly on his side as he stares up at Dean.
"When an angel takes a vessel the soulwords disappear, the same way the would when a demon possesses a host. This is because the words are not marked into the skin, as many humans believe, but rather an extension of a deeper mark made on the soul. You may have noticed this when Jimmy was given control of his body once more."
you hadn't brushed your hair. We can't control how we meet our soul mates, it just happens." Castiel smiles and Deanna grins over at her, completely smitten.
Castiel watches as the student smiles sheepishly and turns to find a seat. She flicks her eyes to the side and realizes that there's an empty seat beside her. Winchester seems to spot the same thing and walks up the aisle to slide into the seat next to mine.
Cas leans in the final inch and presses his lips to Dean's. There's a moment where Dean doesn't know what to do, then he lifts both of his hands to Cas's head and threads them through his still damp hair. Dean pours everything he's been feeling into the kiss, the fear, the worry, the guilt, and most of all, the love. Cas groans against his lips and Dean angles his head to the side to deepen the kiss. Cas's thumbs brush his cheeks and Dean smiles against Cas's mouth. The storm continues to sound outside the windows, but neither of them pay it any attention, too caught up in each other to notice the flashes of lightning and the rolls of thunder. It's only when the power cuts out that either of them remember the storm raging outside at all. They pull apart slightly, both of them panting, and Cas rests his head against Dean's forehead.
"Cas," he moans, his fingers threading through his blue tipped hair. Cas reaches down and wraps his long fingers around Dean's cock, giving it a few strokes. Dean's breath catches and he groans. Cas releases his nipple and looks up into his eyes with a lopsided grin. He slides down Dean's chest, kissing and nipping as he does. He stops before he reaches the tip of Dean's throbbing and leaking head, looking up and making eye contact with Dean. He wants Dean to watch as he sucks him down, wants him to look into his eyes and see no one but him.
Dean's hands grip at Cas's middle, fingers digging into the leather jacket. He leans forward, almost wishing he didn't have the helmet so he could inhale Cas's scent. Of course, he's seen the driver's ed videos and he really doesn't want to be featured on Red Asphalt. Cas pushes back against him, his ass rubbing against his groin. Dean sucks in a breath and he swears he can hear Cas's smug smirk fall onto place.
"This morning." Cas answers immediately. "In Professor Harvelle's class." Sam shoots a Look over to Dee and frowns.
"I thought you 'wuv hugs'?" Cas responds with a devious smirk. Dean groans and moves away from him, towards the door.
Cas leaves as quietly as he arrived and Dean takes it as his cue to return to the motel, picking up a greasy fast food breakfast on his way.
Neither says anything and then the room is cast into darkness, Cas having reached over and flicked off the lamp that had previously been illuminating the room. They’re cast in darkness, just them and the stuttering AC to fill the void. Heat emanates from Cas’s side of the bed and Dean is reminded of another night where he laid beside Castiel and wished he would touch him.
"We're soul mates, Dee. It's common for soul mates to find themselves revealing more than they normally would, especially when the bond is as new as ours is. Some believe it helps strengthen the bond between the souls, while others think it is due to new hormones released by the body, acting as a sort of truth serum," Cas informs her.
"Ms. Winchester, if you and Ms. Novak are done staring at each other like a couple of idjits, why don't you share with the class what you've written?" Ellen's voice shocks Deanna back into focus and she turns to look at her teacher.
"Sorry Cas. I just- I don't want you to be scared anymore." Dean sits on the side of the bed and strokes a hand through Cas's hair. He swings his legs onto the bed and allows Cas to use his legs as a pillow, carding his hand through the messy locks and humming under his breath. The thunder does not last long, though the rain persists, and soon Cas is back to himself, though he stays on Dean's leg and Dean continues to stroke his hair.
"Holy-" Dee gasps, her eyes widening comically, giving Castiel a better view of all the variations of green and brown and gold that swim in her eyes. A smile tugs at the corners of Castiel’s mouth as she registers what exactly this means.
"Yeah, you could say that." He agrees. "My mom used to sing it to me as a lullaby 'cause it was her favorite song. When Sammy had a nightmare, I used to sing it to him to calm him down. It's the one thing from home that I still have." Dean explains sadly. Cas's hand rests on his shoulder and he turns to look at him.
"Hey Jude, don't make it bad Take a sad song and make it better Remember to let her into your heart Then you can start to make it better." Dean crones softly into Cas's ear, one of his hands cradling his head, the other rubbing soothing circles into his back. "Hey Jude, don't be afraid You were made to go out and get her The minute you let her under your skin Then you begin to make it better." Cas's head lift from Dean's shoulders. "And anytime you feel the pain, hey Jude, refrain Don't carry the world upon your shoulders For well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool By making his world a little colder." Cas lift one hand and presses it against Dean's cheek, leaning into Dean's space. His voice falters on the lyrics and he swallows as Cas leans into his space. "H-hey Jude, don't let me d-down You have found her, now go and get h-"
, that was the first thing you said to me in Hell, right? Your words, your hand, permanently marked on my skin, on my fucking
"Anna once told me something, back when I was still young. She said, 'God is in the rain, Castiel. He washes away the evil of the world and allows life to grow, simply by allowing clouds to shed water when they become too heavy. His hand is in everything Castiel, but you can see Him most clearly in the rain.'" Cas's voice is soft and rumbling. "I have always believed that, and I have seen it to be true in many ways since then. After Lucifer rebelled and fell, the Earth rained for nearly half a year. I had heard rumors that God had left Heaven, angels told me themselves, but I rebutted them. 'How can God be gone?' I asked them. 'How can He be gone when we can see Him in the rain?' I do not believe they ever understood what I meant, but I have always kept that belief. Now, down here on Earth, Falling as I am, I can hear my bother's voice in the rain. In the thunder. They're angry Dean, at me, at you and your brother, at humanity. They want us punished. I can't see God in the rain anymore, Dean." Cas turns his head toward Dean and he can see the tears threatening the stormy blue eyes.
Dean woke up with Cas in his arms for the second day in a row. He carefully untangeld himself, trying to let the angel sleep as much as he could, knowing his new human-ness would take him some time to get used to. Dean stretched as he stood, squatting next to his duffle and pulling out a fresh set of clothes. He vaguely registered the need to visit the laundramat as he made his way to the motel bathroom. He quickly went through his morning routine and stepped back into the motel room in a set of clean clothes. Sam was already up and rushed into the bathroom as soon as Dean stepped out. Dean scoffed at his brother and turned to the other occupant in the room. Cas was still curled underneath the now rumpled covers.
"No way! Who is it? What's her name? What does she look like?" she demands, suddenly energized. Cas laughs and takes a sip of her hot cocoa before answering.
"It's okay Mary, it wasn't their fault," Ellen says, resting a hand on Mom's shoulder. "It happened in my class, and the two a'them ain't exactly subtle," she explains. "It was pretty cute actually."
"You gotta stop thanking me for being nice to you. I'm just treating you like I would treat anyone in my family." Dean tells him with a shake of his head.
"No! No, just, shut up! For once, just shut the hell up!" Dean screams, yanking on his jeans and t-shirt, anger and frustration building in his chest. Cas slides on a pair of sweats lying on the floor. "Fuck, man, I've been crushing on you forever, and then you just, you accost me in a fucking
"Yes…" she answers warily, unsure of what her sister's reaction means. Gabe's whole face lights up and a grin stretches across her face, her lollypop nearly falling out.
"Don't look at me, this was on Charlie," he tells them, in a very Gabriel way. "Just don't do anything on the couch," he says as he turns to leave.
"Because you're always up to something, Novak," he answers, crossing his arms, "and whatever it is, I want no part in it. You can carry on your weird vendetta against Raphael without me."
Charlie stares at her like she just magically cured her carpal tunnel. Then she hits her on the arm.
“Uh, I love you, um, by the way,” he says, twisting slightly to lock eyes directly with Cas. “In case that wasn’t clear from the uh, whole, um, kissing thing.”
They drive off with no real destination in mind and Dean notices the way Cas is cradling his hand, so he finds his way to a 24-hr free clinic to get that sorted before grabbing a room at the first motel they pass. Cas is looking rough, so Dean gets the first room the clerk offers him, not realizing it’s a single queen until he’s standing in the doorway looking at it. He’s almost tempted to go back and ask for a double but Cas simply strides past him, white pharmacy bag gripped in his uninjured hand, and collapses on the bed.
Naoko snarled herself, wanting to attack but knowing she had to wait. Watching as the monster kept flying away. They didn’t have much time, Dean was in danger of dying from blood loss and shock.
Rolling over, Gabriel propped his head on his hand, quickly noting neither of them happened to be wearing a shirt. Gazing at all that thick muscle and untanned skin was making him think dirty thoughts. What he wanted to do to those nipples if he got his tongue on them. So distracted by his thoughts, it took him a few moments before he was able to pull his mind out of the gutter to retort “Me? What makes you think this is my fault?”
Below the wings, in line with the centered letters was the symbol of the Royal Elven house though he knew it not. At the top of the crest was a crescent moon with the points facing up, while the base aligned with a stylized gazebo motif. Branching out from either side at first were the Antlers of the Royal Stag followed by the oval leaves of the tree of life. Further out to each side, two more branches extended curling at the tips. Below those branches two more lesser ones swirled in a cursive style finished off with another loop in the center below the gazebo and crescent moon. The entire image was engraved onto a jade gem the color of Dean’s candy apple green eyes. The second ring was very similar only differences being the letter D was replaced with an S and the color was the same as winter evergreens.
Pushing themselves against the wall, the two finding little room what with the large wings being splayed out. Both watched as Dean surrounded his shuddering mate with his cinnamon hued wings, holding Cass carefully as he stretched himself as much as he could in the room. Castiel’s wings were larger, broader, built somewhat like an eagle’s while Dean’s own wings were more stream lined like a peregrine falcon’s. So it was hard to cover him, but the hunter did it, he had no other choice because his normally very stoic mate was losing himself. Losing himself to emotions and instincts which were screaming at him but they had no idea why.
“Gabriel is MY older brother. He’s an Archangel.” Then with a spring in his step only Dean would know, he turned and followed his hunter out the door.
“Holy fuck Dean. God you feel perfect inside me.” His chest was heaving as he was taken for the first time and reveled in it. This was his mate claiming him, taking him, making him what he was always meant to be.
Rolling his purple eyes, the cat went and pressed his nose against the doorway Puck was trying to open. Flickers of silver moonlight started to rise from his coat, highlighting the spots his dark coat typically didn’t have. They fed into the impression he was pressed against, as the power transferred he snarled out of the side of his mouth.
Castiel cuts her off with a kiss. If she thought holding her hand was electrifying, kissing her was beyond comprehension. When she pulls back it takes Deanna a moment to remember her own name.
Dean's pretty sure he stops breathing, his heart stuttering then kicking back up at twice its normal speed. "What?"
Castiel comes to in a meadow, a windmill at his back and a brook quietly burbling in the background. A cherry tree sends its blossoms on the breeze to cover the ground, brightly colored wildflowers waving gently as the wind blows through the meadow. There’s a dirt road on his other side and the whole thing seems vaguely familiar to him, like something out of a dream. He wonders if this is another memory Naomi took from him, but in the end, he brushes that thought aside and breathes in the sweetly scented air.
"I don't know what to do Sam. The apocalypse is still hanging over our heads, Cas is getting more human each day, and I don't know how to deal with his fear of thunder!" Dean vented to his brother. Sam rested a hand on his shoulder.
A long pause from Cas. “I’m sorry, I don’t remember it, but from the way you describe it, I have no doubt it was.”
"I meant the thunder. You're scared of it, right?" Dean asked. Cas was about to say something, but the thunder from a lightning strike a few seconds ago crashed. Cas jumped, whimpered and curled in on himself. Dean, not knowing what to do, carefully picked Cas up and carried him over to his bed. Dean sat down with his back against the headboard and pulled Cas against him. Castiel hesitated for a moment, but when the next roll of thunder came he buried his head into Dean's shoulder. Dean knew the angel was freaked out of his mind, so he started rubbing his back in soothing circles.
"Is your soulmate gonna be there?" she asks her, suddenly excited again. Dee blushes and Charlie rightfully takes that as a 'yes'.
By the time Dean was in high school he had given up on the idea of some perfect partner that could save him from all the horrible things in the world. Now his words no longer brought the comfort of his childhood but instead sent a wave of fear down his back so deep and visceral that he could taste it in his throat. Not fear for himself, no his words guaranteed he would be safe. Rather, he was scared for his soulmate. He was certain they would be a hunter like himself and his father, risking themself every day in the fight against the monster of the world. He was terrified that the first words his soulmate would ever say to him would also be their last.
Maybe it was because Dean had finally started to believe he could tell Cas his feelings, had finally come to terms with what he felt for his best friend only to have him die not three feet away from him while all he could do was watch. And now he was stuck looking after the kid of the guy that killed him.
Dee levels her with her best Bitchface™, which isn’t half-bad but nowhere near Sammie’s level.  "Who do you think she based Sam and Deanna on? How many Deanna's do you know? How about Deanna's with 1967 Chevy Impala's and parents named Joan and Mary?" she asks her with raised eyebrows. Charlie’s mouth drops open in shock.
"You know exactly who it is! Now, open up and let me in!" The unfortunately familiar voice calls through the door. Cas groans and unlatches it, letting it swing open as her unwanted guest piles into her tiny apartment. She turns and walks away from her, reentering her room and flinging herself back onto her bed. The last thing she needs right now is a visit from
He almost sends him in with the flowers from the meadow, but the possessive streak in him riots at the idea of Cas giving
"Then why am I here?" Dean asks, growing steadily more upset with his friend. The bell has long since rung and Dean knows he won't be getting out of this closet until Cas decides it's time.
He goes once as a demon. The windmill is just a piece of junk left behind to rot in a field of weeds and stagnant water. He leaves after a minute, back to the impala and the motel he left Crowley at.
Dean must have tensed up while his thoughts ran loose, because the movement of Cas in his arms snaps him out of it.
It takes him until nightfall to find a city, and then another hour to find a working payphone. He doesn’t like to use his grace, as finicky as it is, but he spares the smallest amount possible to call Dean’s cellphone.
Balth raises her hands in defense and backs out of the room. Cas locks the door behind her and rests her back against it, a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth. Her phone buzzes on her bedside table and she rushes over to it, grinning as she sees the text from Deanna.
In case you're wondering, yes the two figures at the end are God and Gabe. Gabe was the one that put in all those photos onto Dean's phone as well. And that bit at the end is just me putting in my head canon that Chuck and Gabriel didn't actually die and have just been sort of Universe hopping since then and teamed up to try to fix the Winchester's mistakes.
Cas has died before. Dean knows this better than most, of course, but this time feels different. It feels more permanent. Perhaps it was because they had a body this time, an actual physical reminder that Castiel was gone instead of just a dirty trench coat or the bloody spatter on Bobby’s broken neck.
and I…” The tears are falling steadily and his voice is breaking damn near every other sentence but he
"Hey man, I didn't put that picture there! I didn't even take that picture." Sam says between chuckles. Dean glowers at him.
"Nice hair Cas." Sam commented as he stood up. Cas fixed him with a confused look and raised a hand to his hair. Noticing the way it stuck up everywhere, he used his 'angel mojo' to fix it.
Dean barely lets Jody squeak out the, “I now pronounce you husbands, you may kiss,” before he’s gathering Cas in his arms and planting one on him.
"I'm sorry, I can't hear you." He tells his brother, raising his voice to be heard over the music. He can practically feel the bitchface on his back, but chooses to ignore it in favor of concentrating on the open road in front of them.
"It's not like you had to go through this. You met Ruby's parents when you met her," she reminds her. She pouts and opens her mouth to say something else but Cas’s phone buzzes before she can.
"Balthy, are you supposed to be in my room?" she replies back, referring to the agreement they came to upon buying the apartment. Balth raises her hands in appeasement and backs out of the room until she's standing outside the doorway in the hallway.
"Don't even say it." she threatens her sister as she grabs a piece of toast and shovels it in her mouth as she slips on a pair of boots.
They're at Bobby's, Dean laying against the hood of the Impala, Cas standing on the porch not too far away, and Dean can't stand the distance anymore.
"Hey, hey it's alright. It's just some thunder, nothing to worry about." Dean told him quietly, aware of his brother's eyes on them. The thunder sounded again, causing Cas to burrow into Dean's arms. Dean shot a look back to his brother.
"No, no not like that," she berates her. She tucks one side back into the jeans, leaving the other hanging loosely, and pops open the first three buttons. She steps back to look at her and makes a humming noise. "Roll up your sleeves," she commands. Cas rolls her eyes at her but complies as Balth rummages through her make-up box. Most of it has never been used (what with the whole 'no color' thing), but it had been a gift from Anna, so she thinks it should be safe to assume that all the colors would look good on her.
It's quiet for a long time after that. Dean turns his head, just to check, just to make sure Cas didn't fly away on him. Cas is still there, staring into the distance like he could find the answer in the stacks of old cars Bobby keeps for parts.
"Fuck, Cas!" he cries. Cas smirks and leans down again to lick a stripe from the base to the head, tongue playing at the slit, lapping up the precum that's gathered there. "Cas, please, I can't- I need you- Cas…" Dean is at a loss for what to say, fumbling over his words. Cas pulls off again and tilts his head back to look at him.
"Cassie, Cassie, Cassie. I'm hurt. You don't text, you don't call. I'd almost say you were avoiding me. Me! Did you know that I had to find out from Meg Masters that you've met your soulmate?" Gabe tuts and clutches a hand to her chest. "I'm your sister! Your own flesh and blood!"
"Open your eyes, Dean, I want to see you as you fall apart," Cas growls. Dean opens his eyes and stares into the dark blue that Cas' eyes have become. The sight, along with a well-timed flick of his wrist, is enough to send him over the edge. His release coats both of them, painting their chests white. Cas follows him shortly after, still stroking him through his aftershocks. Dean can feel the cock inside him jerk as Cas lets go. Cas collapses on him, rolling off slightly and pulling out. Dean closes his eyes and relishes the phantom feeling of Cas's cock inside him. He doesn't know what this was, doesn't know how it'll change their relationship, if even meant anything to Cas, or if they'll ever do this again.
“Good, now keep those baby blues closed love. I’m going to love you so much.” He said so softly it sent shivers down Castiel’s spine.
‘Mate, I am here, I am in no danger, I am safe, but I need you. I need you my mate. I need you.’ Dean’s voice slid into his mind, soothing it, redirecting his need to protect to instead come to him.
They continued to kiss at the edge of the bed, slow, tender, learning what the other liked, what the other loved. Feeling each other as they swayed gently in their shared embrace. Cass pressed himself closer to his Dean, feeling a hard length pressing against his thigh as his interest grew. His own interest pressing against Dean and both loving it.
‘Waaaa?’ He was still lost in the feelings being sent him. He understood what Dean meant a moment later.
“Good choice, so any ideas on how we can get them together?” He started walking again, eyes moving looking for something to shoot or snare for food.
Pursing his lips, annoyed once again at being questioned, he was going to answer when Dean decided to answer for him. Dean stepped forth, his own shoulders moving in deliberate motions, before his own wings exploded out of his back. Cinnamon wings with tips the color of snow capped mountains stretched behind him, in a wing span only slightly smaller than Castiel’s. The townsfolk gasped in surprise as they were shown a second Angel in their midst, starting to babble at the difference in wing shape and color. They had to be here to help them, they had to have been sent by God. They just couldn’t be evil.
‘I can’t tell for sure, they are moving close to each other, their signatures are overlapping. I would say minimum of 30 though.’ He extended his senses out, trying to detect if there were more of the beasts coming.
She grinned at his answer, before her eyes widened in surprise as they changed color to a bouncing, excited tangerine and peach combination. “Oh I’m going to ask. Why did you decide to dress up? How are you making them change colors? That is so awesome by the way, a few others showed up today, the ones with the horses who have wings. They have colored wings too, but they don’t change like yours are doing. Are they as soft as they look?” She rapid fired asked, even as she reached out a hand to stroke down the limb.
Castiel stood over his older brother’s bed, hands hovering a few inches above his body, frowning at what he was finding. The sickness or darkness whatever it was, had grown over night, enveloping all but a few flickers of his brother’s Grace. He was struggling to breath, his heart was beating three times the normal rate and his actual life force was barely holding on. Closing his eyes he reached for his own Grace, then attacked the darkness trying to claim his sibling.
It was some minutes before they could gather their thoughts, both working to catch their breath as they rode the waves of pleasure. It was Dean who finally made noise, in the form of a chuckle as he sat back on Cass’s lap, his Angel’s cock still rock hard and locked within him. He didn’t mind in the least. “Well, that should show me just how filthy you can be.” He started when Cass slapped his ass as his reward for his comment.
They had been granted their wish, but also stopped and offered another reward if they wished it. They had been offered the most sought after and worked for honor warriors such as they could receive. They had been offered the chance to join the ranks of the Elven High Guard. Those tasked with Guarding the Royals themselves who were exalted in their own right, for they did not hesitate to give their lives to protect their charges. They devoted themselves to defense and protection of the Royals themselves and none denied their right to pass judgement on those who would harm them.
“What?” Dean looked puzzled for a moment before his face cleared with a scowl. “God damn it, I bet they fucked with the cars. Pop the hood I’ll take a quick look.” Dean flipping his wings out of the way, went to hood pushing it fully open. Leaning over the fender he rummaged around till he found the problem. “Those fuckers, ugh give me a couple minutes I can fix this with a screwdriver and a wrench.” Heading to the back of the MG he opened the trunk and pulled out the tools he needed. Returning he set the ignition system right. “Try it now.” He called out.
Wiping his hand on his coat, the Angel explained further. “She can track it, she knows the smell in both her human and monster form. But she hasn’t been able to do anything about it while other humans were around. She’s hoping with your help she can finally kill it. It’s why she sought us out once her leg healed. She wants it dead and burned so she can relax.”
Sam was staring at Gabriel, seeing his eyes light up the same way as Castiel’s did when he was being possessive of Dean. Oh boy, this was something he would need to remember if he made a match of it with Gabriel. Angels were territorial possessive bastards, who took great offense at those who they thought might be encroaching on what they considered theirs. And while it was scary watching how Gabe put Erik neatly in his place, he couldn’t help feeling a lance of arousal coursing through his being. Seeing Gabriel like this was pushing buttons he didn’t know he had.
“Phhft as if I would call those idiots. No, I’m sure this is something they wouldn’t have a clue on how to handle. They would just dismiss whatever I was saying. Telling me it’s a cougar or a bear, and we should make sure all food is secure and that is about it.” She had switched on her face time, as Dean figured she would, showing her already wearing her costume, people walking behind her, dressed as knights, ladies, and orcs.
Eyes widening at the sight before him, blue flames began flashing as he Grace responded to his emotions. “Gabriel?” The Angel exclaimed horrified by the sight. Dropping to his knees he hovered his hands over his body, scanning the extent of his injuries. Looking up at Dean, “Watch me Dean, I’m going to have to pour everything I have left into trying to save him. And even then I don’t know if that will be enough. Sam watch out for other people coming as best you can, Dean and I will not be able to.” Saying no more he pressed his hands to his body, one on his forehead the other on his chest where his sternum normally was located.
‘I know but there is something about this storm, I can feeling it as it is affecting even my senses. There is something powerful behind it, the flashes of light are starting to effect even my eyes.’ He didn’t wait for an answer, not that he thought he would get one. Dean was starting to fade, something in the air draining the energy of everything around. He knew he was expending more energy than what he normally would for such a storm. Feeding Grace into his mate, needing to bolster his own flagging energy, he flew faster as the town came closer. He needed to find a place they could spend the night, start looking in the morning for the cause of all this unnatural disorder.
“Yes, I know how to use a gun. Typically don’t need it as I just snap and take care of it all.” But he once again realized he wasn’t at full power, maybe having a different weapon would be good.
Dean blinked his eyes open, wondering what had woken him up. When he felt a hand shaking his shoulder, he realized someone actually wanted him awake. Moving his head he could feel his muscles protesting with extreme displeasure. His entire body was cramped and it was going to take some time to un-cramp himself.
Sighing Cass fiddled with a pebble in front of him. Reluctantly he answered, “Since we rescued Gabriel.”
Some time later, cheek pressed against Castiel’s head, wings groomed and put away for the moment, Dean whispered in his head. ‘We’re being watched.’
Eyeing his brother, making note of the very much non adjustable seats, “Hmm you’re right it won’t work. Well, how about Cass drives and you ride in the passenger seat?”
Raising his head finally, he looked at the Archangel who was annoying him. “And what had you planned on doing in the first place?”
“It appears they have found themselves in the middle of a bank robbery.” He stated quickly, seeming to realize the foul mood both elves were in.
‘I know but she has seen much.’ Dean could feel how much Cass didn’t trust her either, sharing his sentiment.
Dean exhausted did as he was told, leaning his head on Cass’s shoulder as he worked to recover his breath. While he preferred to fly himself, even he knew in weather like this Castiel with the power of heaven coursing through his being, was the stronger flyer. There was no shame in being carried by his love who was only protecting him, he would do the same if Castiel was about to fall. He was cold, tired and soaking wet from his fall, could do with something to eat and a good nap. Still he tried his best to see through the storm to the town Cass had spotted.
Climbing into the driver seat, he quickly turned around to head back. ‘I hope Dean isn’t pushing himself to much.’ Hitting the gas he left the ruined forest behind.
Dean, not privy to his mate’s most private of thoughts, smiled with love shining in his eyes, matching the calm blue ones he loved so much. “We probably should get up soon. I need to make breakfast and you need to check on Gabriel.”
Then again maybe not as the Angel snarled as he moved as only he could, putting everyone down within seconds of each other. He then waved his hand and shoved all the cars blocking the way out. For good measure he tapped each one causing all four wheels to go flat at once.  Turning he scowled at Sam “Samuel I said to get Gabriel in the car, why are you still standing there?”
Micheal after all had been his baby sitter for the first few centuries of his existence, as he learned how to walk, talk and not destroy everything when he burped. And oh how Michael had hated watching over him, he hadn’t needed to with Luci and Ralph, they had been created only a few minutes after Michael, fully grown and with some knowledge as to what they could do. But Gabriel had been created much later and in a much younger state. In fact Gabriel was pretty sure he was the model Dad had used to form the humans. Creating him in a younger less knowledgeable form and seeing how he grew and developed. Which was all fine and dandy for Dad, but for him it kinda sucked because Michael was a class A dick most of the time.
Sam shook his head before taking up the narrative. “So did we till we did more research. It appears that while the intent of the fairies was destroyed when they were turned into fried glitter, the natural magic inherent within them was not. What you have been breathing in all this time, is what gave your wings the ability to change according to moods. Why it only worked with other peoples and not your own we don’t know yet.”
“I’m serious god damn it. I want these things gone. I don’t want the damn things, they get in the way, they are heavy, they force me to walk funny… and not in a good way.” Dean grumbled even as he reached back and scratched at the top of the wing he folded over his shoulder.
Striding over to the connecting door, he pressed his ear against it but still didn’t hear a sound, not even the radio or the clock ticking. Concern growing by the second he gripped the door knob and turned it quickly swinging the door wide. What he saw made him stop in his tracks, blink twice before stepping back and slamming the door as hard as he could.
The next moment the hands were gone, allowing Dean to turn around, to fight the asshole who dared to touch him, only to still at the sight before him. There, standing with the last of the sun’s sunset light shining over the mountain and tree tops, was his Angel of the Lord in full Battle Rage. Dean didn’t dare take his eyes off the Angel to check his wings, he already knew what color they would be.
When Dean couldn’t eat another bite, he went outside to stretch his wings. Cass followed because he just couldn’t help himself, he loved seeing Dean’s wings. Watching how they changed from the cinnamon chestnut they had been to a more rosy red color with highlights of violet and ice blue. Cass for all he stated he couldn’t have Dean, his emotions still didn’t have any problem letting everyone else know just how much he loved.
Glancing up, he could see how Dean was shaking his head no, he had no interest in going. He didn’t want to go to the camp. Didn’t want to have deal with all the geeks and dweebs, or be called a handmaiden again. He didn’t want to think of the name Charlie would come up with if she saw his wings.
“¿Te envió Dios para salvarnos? Hemos estado plagados de enfermedad y mala suerte. Toda nuestra ciudad se ha visto afectada, hemos orado pero no hemos recibido respuesta, Así que pregunto, por favor, ¿estás aquí para salvarnos?¿Está Dios contestando nuestras oraciones por fin?” (Did God send you to save us? We have been plagued by sickness and bad luck. Our whole town has been affected, we’ve prayed but have received no answer. So I ask, please, are you here to save us? Is God answering our prayers at last?)
Scowling as he shot back, “Because this is you Gabriel. I wouldn’t find you above pulling a prank like this. Especially after leaving the tv on to the farm report.” He frantically looked around for his shirt, eyebrows reaching his frazzled hairline when he saw it mixing with Gabe’s own shirt on the floor. The way they were laying together made it seem as if they were meant to be.
Pursing his lips, the elder took several deep breaths. He honestly didn’t need the stress. Cass seeing how upset his friend was, stepped next to him. “Dean, she needs our help, but if you want to sit this one out, Sam and I can go alone.” Calm sea and sky blues cascaded down his plumage.
For now though they were walking slowly, watching the people, smelling the food which was making Dean hungry, it reminded him he needed to feed Cass too. Hunger was probably not making his Angel’s mood any better. They were interrupted in their walk by a loud group of mostly drunk frat boys who had been harassing Dean about his “Fairy” wings all day. Only Dean’s hand on Castiel’s shoulder had kept the Angel from smiting the bastards. Instead Dean had punched the one of the guys and moved on.
“Dean this is meant to be a punishment…” He whacked him again on his rear, harder this time, leaving a deep red print but also feeling how the skin was starting to warm. A few more swats and he was done with spanking his mate. His entire ass was warm to the touch and he refused to take it any further then that feeling. This was more about getting a point across then hurting his love. Besides he had other things he wished to do, things which might actually leave a deeper impression on his danger seeking soulmate.
The manager pursed his lips as he thought about it. “There was one room found, hidden under the lowest basement level known at the time. Had an iron plate embossed with certain latin words, quite the find actually for the local archeology students. It was placed in the floor itself, along with a hell of a lot of salt sowed into the ground itself.”
Another explosion hit him in the side, knocking him through the wall. Sam was blown by such a powerful wind he ended up crashing into another room. One which was much older and had seen little to no renovation. The vindictive specters howled with fury as they could not cross the threshold. Not that Sam was paying much attention at the moment to them. When he had been thrown into the new room, he ended up landing on the blade handle digging it deeper into his back.
“Woah Naoko where did you find him.” Sam asked, Letting go of the dead animal, she sat down behind it, cleaning her paws of the blood. Rolling his eyes, why he thought a cat would act like anything other than a cat he had no clue. “Right fine. But thank you this will help Dean out immensely.”
“¿Está bien?” She asked quietly not sure who these strangers, who had come out of the worst storm she had ever lived through, were. (Is he alright?)
‘I won’t, I won’t stop, everything will be fine Cass, I’m here for you.’ He ran his hands up to his face, pulling him in for a kiss, chaste for the most part, meant to give assurance and comfort rather than passion.
The being snarled as he lay in his bed, healing from the failed smiting he had received. He would recover in time but the time wasted is what was infuriating him now. Being cut off from his rightfully stolen power, unable to attack what was left through the tenuous bond between Gabriel and the young hunter, drove his rage even higher.
His brother had suffered much when they were kids, raising him on his own practically and learning from an early age that what he wanted was of no importance to anyone. Sadly even he had helped foster those feelings of inadequacy and low self esteem. Demanding his brother as a kid put him first, thinking mostly about what he wanted and liked. Dean didn’t get to play as a child, he had to be the adult and at nearly five years of age that was tough. But he had done it cause he loved his little brother. He was all he had for years, then thinking only of himself once more, had left to go to college, leaving behind his only real family without a second thought. How it must have hurt Dean to see him go even if he had encouraged him. Once again his brother putting aside what happiness he had managed to carve out for himself and giving it to his brother.
A reddish bolt of something blew by him, hitting the wall outside the door. He jerked his head back, thankful he hadn’t been standing in front of the door this time.
Dean for his part, wanted to snarl at the trench coat wearing asshole. But instead, he with annoyance plain on his face, gave a dozen mighty strokes of his wings. Then started yelling as he found himself lifted into the air. “CASS?!?!?” He cried out in shock, wings frozen, before he landed with a stumble onto the concrete floor.
The entire conflict and resolution couldn’t have taken more than about five minutes. And many of those who came to check out the woman could see the glow of Cass’s hand as he finished working.
The last thing he wanted was for Dean to know just how much he loved and adored seeing those spectacular creations. Even worse was how he would love to run his fingers through those bundles of delight. He knew they would be silky soft, similar to baby goose down, or maybe ducklings. Yes, ducklings would be softer and sweeter, so sweet, with their little waggling tails and wide innocent eyes. Their down would truly be the softest of all the feathers. And someday if he was blessed to feel them coursing down his skin, rubbing against his body in the most intimate and pleasurable places, he could only dream of how he would react.
and he suddenly realizes that Cas has been family for a while and Dean's lost enough family thankyouverymuch and he can't lose anyone else.
"I'm leaving in the fall for college and I wanted to tell you before I left so I wouldn't regret it later. I didn't plan for this," Cas says, gesturing between them.
Together they walk up the short pathway to the front porch, passing a driveway full of cars and trucks. There's an old pick up, a cop car, a beat-up yellow bug, a faded grey station wagon, and a newer pick up that Deanna mutters about as they pass. Deanna pauses in front of the door and looks over at her soulmate, taking comfort in her increasingly familiar blue eyes.
"Jo's picking you up," she mumbles around her toast. Sammie nods in understanding and Deanna rushes out the door and down the hall. She nearly falls down the stairs twice before she reaches the parking lot, thanking her lucky stars that she has the spot closest to the doors as she slides into her Baby. Deanna throws her bag on the bench seat next to her and guns the engine, sliding out of the lot and flying down the street.
"Cas. I- I need to text Sammy," Dean reminds him as Cas shoves him onto the Novak's dark leather couch. Cas nods and reaches into Dean's jean pockets, pulling out his phone and putting it into his hand before straddling his lap.
A large black muscle car pulls up outside the dorm and Deanna jumps out, grinning at her and waving. She's wearing dark-wash jeans and a green button-up very similar to her own blue one, though Dee's is left open and untucked, showing off a black tank top underneath and the same bronze amulet she was wearing earlier that day.
"It's nice to meet you Sam. I've heard a lot about you." Cas smiles at Sam as she passes and Dee smiles over at her fondly.
"Shut up Sammie!" Deanna yells back, burying her head in her pillow. Her sister knocks on the door again.
The third visit to the meadow is an accident. He didn’t realize where he was driving until he was already passing the windmill. He’s on his way to meet Cas for a hunt, excitement bubbling up in him at the thought of seeing him again (guilt not too far behind for having to kick him out in the first place, but once he gets a chance to explain he’s sure Cas will understand). He honestly didn’t realize the meadow was so close to the Bunker, only a few hours drive from Lebanon, and directly on the route towards Cas.
"We've faced some pretty bad odds and still come out on top. We can deal with this, all of it." Sam assured him. Dean was starting to get uncomfortable with the chick-flick moment.
"I'm going to go out for a bit. There's a, uh, museum… thing in town that I've been thinking about checking out. So… Bye." Sam rushes out the door with his coat and the Impala's keys in his hands.
"Yeah, she's a real beauty, isn't she? My aunt Bobbie helped me rebuild her after she was totaled." Deanna's face goes dark. "My ma, Sammie, and me were in an accident a few years back. Sammie got out with only a few scrapes and a broken wrist, but me and ma were in the hospital for a while. I, uh, was in a coma for about a month." Deanna clenches her jaw and shakes her head. "I dunno why I'm telling you this."
Deanna slumps down and feels her face flush as the room goes absolutely silent, their stares hot on the back of her neck.
He doesn’t know how long he was laying there before the familiar telltale fluttering of wings indicates Cas’s arrival. He tenses slightly, partially due to the sudden disturbance of the peace but mostly in anticipation of whatever news of the frontlines Castiel is there to bring. But Cas doesn’t say anything, just sits beside him on the hood and watches the dawn slowly break over the horizon.
After sending them the message, Sam settled back into the motel bed and pretended to get more sleep. He smiled to himself as he closed his eyes.
"What, I can't pop in on my favorite sister to see how she's doing every once in a while?" she asks, her eyes wide and innocent. Cas's glare deepens.
, and, fuck Cas! I don't know if I'll ever be able to love anyone else other than you!" He knows he's crying, can feel the tears running down his cheeks, but he doesn't care.
"Bed," he gasps out and Cas picks him up, wrapping his legs around his waist as he carries him up the stairs to his room, mouth firmly attached to Dean's neck. Dean's back slams into the door and Cas fumbles blindly for the doorknob, turning it and causing them to nearly tumble into the room. Cas lays Dean on his bed and quickly goes to lock the door, not taking any chances with his brothers, home or not. When he returns he rips his blankets off, leaving only the pillows and the fitted sheet.
Dean took this chance to really appreciate the sleeping angel. His face was softened in that way you only get when you're unconscious. His legs are curled slightly underneath him and his arms are wrapped around Dean's pillow, his face resting on top of it. Dean can feel his own face soften at the sight and he is briefly reminded of his realization last night. He quickly shakes his head and clears his throat. Cas shifts slightly on the bed, but doesn't wake up to the sound.
He was about to say something, alert the two about the changes taking place since one was looking at books and the other was bitching at the one looking at books, when the central air system grumbled awake once more. This time Cass could see as the glitter blew out like a puff of magic dragon dust. The cremated remains of the fairies drifted everywhere, covering all surfaces in shiny bits of light. He couldn’t help himself, letting a nearly soundless chuckle escape him as he watched it cover Sam. Switching to seeing what happened when it fell on Dean, he wasn’t as surprised to see him inhale and sneeze three more times.
Voice resigned to something he couldn’t change, “I’m a second son. Fairies normally can only be seen by first sons, unless they want to be seen by second sons. Cass used his Grace to see the glitter. Dean is not looking forward to cleaning up the place, says glitter is everywhere.” Now he was smiling as he looked deep into the forest searching for anything he could feed his brother. The sun would be going down in a few hours and it was imperative they return with food for Dean. The first trip out didn’t net anything so they couldn’t afford to come back empty handed this time.
Dean looking in the trunk, missed her hand coming for him till it was too late. Hissing as she snagged her nails through his ruffled plumage, he jerked back, almost stumbling to the ground.
Cass, eyes gentling to an understanding shade of cornflower blue, stepped next to the hunter. Placing his hand on his bare shoulder, sharing his Grace to calm him, “Dean you’re not a freak or a monster. You’re a good man, an honorable man…” He shook his head when Dean went to protest. “No, you are, and people will take you seriously, the ones who are important to you. Charlie, Sam, Bobby even that ass butt Crowley, they are the people to be concerned over. And they won’t judge you. Tease you yes, but they won’t judge you any less for what happened.”
Cass smirked as he felt the strain Dean was going through, his hands convulsing behind his back as he tried to find pleasure locked away from him. Leaning back he suddenly flipped Dean around, his legs getting crossed and having to lay on his hands. He yelped at the sudden flip looking up at the older man. Crawling up his body Cass kissed his forehead then reached behind him to remove the gag. Giving him a few moments to open and close his mouth from the stretch, he quickly leaned down and began to plunder his mouth. Dean was all for this plan as he opened instantly, inviting his mate to take what he wished. Tongues dueled before the Angel won and attempted to reach deep into his throat. Licking at every nook and cranny while Dean gyrated below him, rubbing himself against his suit slacks, looking for relief for his aching phallus.
He pursed his lips wondering if he should just break down and admit Sam had won their little mind game. But no he couldn’t, not yet, he needed to show Sam he was tough as nails. Cocking his head to listen better, he pursed his lips when he heard the familiar sound of the other man’s tread coming down the hall. Settling deeper into the bed, anticipating some truly delicious lunch, for while they might be butting heads, Sam was still feeding him the good stuff. He waited impatiently for him to appear in the hallway when a new sound shattered the air.
Dean felt a shiver run through him as he did as he was told. No wonder Cass had been a leader of Angels, if he used that tone on those under him. He wouldn’t mind hearing it again, even if only in his wet dreams. Still he didn’t like being barked at “Cass…”
Cass wouldn’t, he just wanted to reach out and smite the bastard, so he wouldn’t try anything stupid like he did last time. Dean had stopped him, but it didn’t mean he forgot what the Sheriff had tried to do. Dean didn’t want to say anything because he didn’t want to confirm what he was sure the officer already knew. Or give the guy more ammo to try and run them in. If he tried it no doubt Cass would teach him the error of his ways.
Poor Cass and Dean both having friends/brothers who feed the strangest things to them against their will.
Which he was going to try in a few moments. The spell binding the human and Archangel was formed when the caster spilled their blood, establishing the bond at such a deep level. Sam’s blood was pure and holy in many aspects, but not completely. He still had bits of darkness hidden within himself. It was those bits which flowed along the bond he would aim for. He would need to use corrupted, tainted blood to bombard those bits of darkness, opening up the younger Winchester to a harsher attack. Once he had done so he could feed his own dark power through the bond, corrupt and ultimately shatter it. Once shattered he would be able to follow it to the Grace being guarded by the Dryad.
Nodding she threw her gear into the trunk before sliding into the driver seat. Putting the key in the ignition she went to turn it over and got nothing. “Umm is it supposed to do that?”
Cass looked to where Dean stood, before looking to where the hunter was looking. Seeing what he was after, he rose from his crouch, running to his friend. “Right!” Grabbing him once more, he put all his efforts into getting Dean into the air.
When he arrived at their table, he gazed down with tense eyes. “Afternoon boys, mind if I sit down?” The rest of the place was starting to look and whisper about them. Making a quick decision, Dean nodded his agreement, keeping a tight hold on Cass who he could feel was wanting to snarl out a different answer. Grabbing a chair he turned it around so he could lean on the back while talking to the Winchesters. “Thanks.” There was an awkward silence as the three waited for one of them to speak.
Robin Good-Fellow stepped through the portal, looking back at the green eyes of the large cat. It sneezed wetly in his face, then turned tail and trotted off, its missions complete. Now he was off to get his reward, a nice long nap and if that pretty female was around, possibly get laid. Puck far from pleased at getting sneezed on, decided to let it go, he had other matters to attend to. Namely reaching the gate before the Prince or his Consort were killed trying to close it.
Sam didn’t hesitate to respond, puzzlement in his voice. “Gray, dark gray. They were peachy orange a minute ago.” He scanned the room, finally spotting Cass leaning against a pillar, his eyes the color of winter skies after a distressing storm. He wasn’t happy about something, though what the younger man wasn’t sure.
It was an incredible feeling and Dean was instantly addicted to it. To feel how his Angel was, he wouldn’t be able to hide his feelings from him any more. Wouldn’t be able to say he was fine when he really wasn’t.
Taken aback at the oddity of the question, he blurted out the first thing which came to his mind. “I’ve carried my brothers and sisters out of battles in the past.” Over his shoulder, housed within his own grace, or dragged behind him as he ordered retreats. None of the times were fun, in fact they were down right miserable. Carrying another Angel involved so many calculations to account for, due to their celestial make up, it could make an Angel lose their mind.
Cass gazing down with glowing cornflower eyes would light up the room with his pure joy and rapture at the gift offered to him. Leaning down once more, he lined himself up, eyes closing as he was about to experience for the first time …
He smiled at her, pleased with her support which brought up another thought from earlier. “Sister dear, I have decided that it would be beneficial if I produced offspring. To carry on our Mother and Father’s noble lineage to a new generation. I have chosen you to be the mother of the next generation. But because I care for you, I am giving you the choice of doing so. Do you wish me to breed you and have you bare my children?”
Striding out of the room, gripping the feathers tighter in annoyance, he waded through the shag carpet like levels of glitter dust. “Seriously where the hell are those three, when I get through with them…” He kicked out at a slightly thicker clump of glitter without thinking about it. It rewarded him for his efforts by exploding all around him. Covering his still sweat drenched body in a rainbow hue of sparkly micro confetti. “GOD DAMN IT!”
He had no doubt Dean was of major interest to them, he was a First Son and everything involving himself had revolved around Dean. They were pushing them towards some goal, what it was he would have to figure out. He could not allow them to hurt his hunter, influence his decisions and choices in regard to his poor Angel companion. Dean deserved someone who was worthy of him and Castiel was not it, nor would he ever be. If the fairies were trying to bring them together, he would go to Elfhame himself and burn their city to the ground. Interfering with a Heavenly being for sinister purposes, even if that heavenly being was on the outs with Heaven, was a major breech of etiquette. Angels didn’t like the Fae folk interfering with their lives, puking up their Grace was never a fun experience. Messing with those they considered theirs was an even worse breech, and Dean was his no matter if he could never be with him. Fucking with the man he loved would bring down his Heavenly wrath faster than Dean cleaning a spec of dirt off his beloved Impala.
I talk about what happened with the Fae and what steps they took to rescue Gabriel so be warned it can be a bit sad and yet needful. I thought long and hard about certain bits of it but decided to leave them in for various reasons.
The man speaking stood about five foot eight, had a sunken face with two burning red eyes. Rotten nose, lipless mouth filled with decomposed teeth. Black shriveled hair floated on his head as he set his furious gaze on the two. His body was shrunken with bits of skin flaking off every time he moved. He was wearing rough leathers which looked to have seen decades of use, along with at least a century of burial and never a bar of soap. He stood before the other two men who looked very much like him. Same hair and body style, facial features or what was left of them. They were even wearing the same riding gear.
“Great just what I need.” Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath knowing what he was going to choose. “Lets go with option number two. If some world ending event comes up, we don’t have time to figure out how I’ll get there or be of use with them. They’re more of a hassle than a help.”
He sighed, losing his anger suddenly, as he was once again reminded of the way his wings worked. They never changed to reflect his own emotions and it hurt. He wasn’t very good with expressing his feelings, hated doing so actually. But to know what everyone else was feeling at his expense, without a chance to reflect his own sucked.
“I, uh yeah,” Since it looked like he and Castiel wasn’t about to be eaten, he turned his attention to his mate. He could sense the evil wrapped around his neck, his wrists and ankles and wanted to puke. This is not how his mate should ever be contained.
Cass instantly was by his mate’s side, alarmed by the shock coursing through Dean’s system as he stared at the people standing on the other side of the door. Not hesitating, the Angel stepped in front of him, body tense as if for battle. Their little conversation a few moments previous had him hyper aware to any perceived danger. He flick his wrist preparing to drop his Angel blade if the situation called for it.
Taking a few minutes to explain what they had found, Sam felt justified in his feelings. If Dean was the only one who could read it, then he would need to be the one to perform the spell. Cass would not be happy. “How you going to handle this Dean?”
“No worries your Majesty, I will tell no one.” Being burned alive, flayed a thousand times a day, and stripped of Magic itself for 1000 years was a punishment he had no interest in being sentenced to for giving away a Royal secret.
Someone else outside of the Elvin ranks knew what Dean was. Not only that, had managed to fudge the permissions on the tunnel to allow him to open the portal. He didn’t think the fact Dean and Sam were now considered Princes of Elfhame was common knowledge, at least not yet. Only Dean would have been able to open the passage but it would cost him. Puck looked down at the rings he carried, making sure he still had them on his person. Without his ring, Dean would still have been able to open the door, but it would tire him. It would also tire him as he traveled, for his system was keyed to accept Heavenly power, not fae. The rings would negate the energy drain for him and his brother, as they traveled the various Corridors they had over the world.
“Honestly none of us know and we are getting tired of it. I don’t like it because Cass is my best friend aside from Dean. He’s a good guy and he has been through shit just like we have. He deserves to be relaxed around his family and he can’t. It’s bugging Dean because he hates seeing Cass so upset and it’s just confusing.” He walked over to the Archangel checking him again to make sure he was comfortable. “It’s hurting our family and we are all tired of it. We might not be normal, but even we deserve to be comfortable to each other in our own home.”
“Cass what are you doing?” Dean walked on silent feet towards his Angel, hands out as he tried to calm him.
“I will.” Dean stated as he pushed the door open and stepped outside the man following him to the door way.
Cass made note of this confirming to himself that what he had planned would be a much better punishment for his troublesome mate. Voice thick with dark pleasure as he sprang his little surprise. “Oh I think I’m going to have some fun here, but to make the lessons stick I think I’ll make it impossible for you to come tonight.”
“Damn it Cass!” The younger hunter growled but didn’t try and stop him. He watched as he approached the first one who started shouting at him to stop and put his hands up. It worked about as well as it did last time they were in a similar situation. At least this time Dean wasn’t hurt and Cass’s temper was much better.
Waving away his words he had to know something else. “Sam I know is your brother, but who is Gabriel?” The name was familiar to him, but he couldn’t quite place it. He then looked over and saw the malicious smile beaming from the Angel’s countenance.
They pulled into the gravel parking lot on the map, not surprised to see nearly three dozen other cars there. The surprise came when they spotted a few horse trailers, two full sized semi’s, even now being unloaded, and people running around everywhere.
‘Gotcha, okay but don’t be far behind. I don’t speak cat.’ He chuckled as he heard the cat snarl a second time. No doubt telling them to get their head out of their asses and move.
“I think so, but if so she is very far from home. She was helping me fight that monster, fucker injured her and she took off. We’ll find her later. So how do we hunt this bitch.” He scanned the forest around him, hoping to maybe see the monster close by. It would make it a hell of a lot easier to kill her if she was. No such luck so he contented himself with forcing his legs to carry his weight. It wasn’t easy considering his wings wanted to topple him over from their dragging weight.
Gabe raised an eyebrow but didn’t say anything. He was to busy hiding his glare at the other man. The man was tall, had dark slicked back hair, a chiseled profile which showed off his strong chin, strong lips which looked they must kiss really well. A long perfect nose, wide set eyes which missed little. His smile was warm and friendly, and the way he stood beside their table screamed familiarity Gabriel wasn’t happy with. Broad shoulders, strong chest, tapered hips, runners legs. The man was just too good looking.
“Oh shit Dean, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you. They just look so real, I couldn’t help myself.” She watched as the wings changed to a light gray near instantly. Cocking her head in puzzlement, she reached for the wings again, but this time Dean was fast enough and moved them out of her reach. Eyes just about bulging out of her head now, she lowered her voice, even if she wanted to squeal her excitement. “Wait Dean are those things REAL?”
Dean didn’t think it was any safer, not at this stage of their relationship yet. He hadn’t even had a chance to talk to Cass about exploring taking it further. To figuring out what he needed to do to make himself worthy of being with the Angel. Because to have Cass so intimately, knowing nothing more would come from it after this point would hurt to much. Especially since Castiel had told him multiple times he didn’t want him, or more accurately couldn’t have him. And if in the end it was still not possible for Castiel to take him, well he would understand. After all he knew that there was no real happy ending for him. Besides he would only be punishing himself by being with Cass once and living in torture of could have beens and if only wishes. His heart honestly couldn’t take that much pain in to itself.
Sighing he wondered when Sam would return. He had gone off to make lunch, leaving him watching the no holds barred people on hold channel. But to make the torture even more annoying, placed the remote right next to the tv in plain sight. Saying offhandedly that when Gabriel was feeling better he would be able to eventually get up and use the remote to change the channel. Blatantly letting him know that if he wanted something different he was going to have to work for it.
Holding steady through force of will, ignoring his natural desire to cringe, the messenger continued. “Reports have been received, verified and sent to you at the first opportunity.” Seeing the rage growing on his superior’s face, he quickly recited the information he had been ordered to deliver. “A few days ago, the elder Winchester and his Consort were discovered in the forest they had fought the Manananggal.”
Plus Dean was keeping an eye on Cass, making sure he was staying stable emotionally. He was worried for him, Castiel really wasn’t used to knowing what all his emotions might mean. Or how to handle them when they conflicted with his instincts to protect and defend his mate. He didn’t like chick flick moments but Cass didn’t even know what that meant. He was learning, Dean was enjoying explaining things, but his mate was innocent in many ways. He didn’t want to see that innocence lost, because Cass thought he was failing to protect him, in all the ways his instincts were demanding he do so.
Sam looked down at her, raising an eyebrow. “So you wouldn’t mind breathing in roasted fairy guts into your lungs? Because that is what we were doing before you called us out here. And don’t eat those unless you want to have the shits for the next few days.” He smirked as he saw her grin drop fast.
He thought of his best friend, Balthazar, and the stories he liked to tell about his times on earth. The most unsuitable story of all being, his very pleasant time with a camel jockey nearly 1000 years earlier. He had met the jockey just after winning a race on his favorite female camel. For the following three days, Bal, the jockey and his prize winning camel quite enjoyed each others intimate company. Then the bastard angel had to go and brag to someone and Cass, being the only one who could tolerate him, ended up having to listen to him.
Grinning the Angel ran his hands down each lower arm of his love’s wings, stroking all the feather. Dean screamed in pleasure as power was poured into him. The feeling of thousands of nails gently raking your skin. It was tingling, comforting, pleasure, assurance and power all at once. The Angel watching as Dean gyrated below him, worked his fingers slowly over the vibrantly crimson and violet feathers. This would be the last time he would ever be able to touch them and he wanted to remember them for the centuries to come.
Naoko launched herself after the Angel, narrowing her eyes to fight the brilliant golden light still shinning down upon them all. She flew towards him, angling her body in a maneuver she hadn’t used in at least 300 years, she felt the impact as he landed on her back. Her mother would be so proud, she would have to tell her next time she saw her. Once she felt him grip her ruff, she poured on the fire, barreling towards the creature who had eluded her for years. Snarling she flew higher, chasing the monster while feeling the Angel on her back readying another wave of power. She was sure it would exceed the power he was already expending, fueled by the emotions kept buried for millennia.
Pressing his head deeper towards Castiel, ‘You’re right because I’ll always be with you. But still hold on and if you start to feel overwhelmed squeeze. I’m going to be right here.’
And he was, he truly was, he hated it when he made Dean unhappy, made him feel like he wasn’t there for his friend. Dean gave his all and all he ever asked in return was that people let him. Taking care of his family was his number one goal and whether Cass like it or not, Dean considered him family. It’s just one of the many things he loved about him, and as he learned so long ago, always would.
"Who told you this? Is this reliable information?" she demands. She didn’t want to get her hopes up, she’s been burned before.
"Then I thank you for letting me be in your family." Cas says instead. Dean laughs and shakes his head, looking up into the angel's eyes. They sit there staring at eachother, not saying a word, for a few minutes, until they're interupted by the cock-blocking moose himself. Sam knocks on the passenger door and gives Dean a bitchface. Dean shakes his head and jerks to the backseat with his thumb. Sam gives him a bigger bitchface and opens the door to the backseat.
'Oh shit, I kissed Cas. Or, Cas kissed me. Whatever, doesn't matter. What do I do? Did Cas mean it? Can he even feel love? Whoa there Winchester, who said anything about love? Who am I kidding, I know I'm in love with him. But does he feel the same way?'
The door bangs open and a girl stumbles in, her hair messy and clothes wrinkled. Everyone around turns to look at the interruption, a few girls whispering between themselves. The girl in question looks down in embarrassment and clears her throat.
"Jerk." Sam replied before laying down in his bed. Dean climbed into his own bed and settled down next to Cas for the second night in a row. The angel-man curled around him almost as soon as he settled in. Dean closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around Cas to keep him safe. He started humming 'Hey Jude' again and slowly felt himself starting to fall asleep. His last thought before succumbing to the blackness was, 'Oh shit, I'm in love with an angel.'
(He takes them out carefully so he doesn’t ruin the flowers and slips each one between the pages of his well-loved copy of Cat’s Cradle and doesn’t find them again until after Cas has his Grace (or well,
Dean feels a breeze kick up at his back and takes that as his cue to shake out the contents of the box. Cas takes to the wind one last time, spread across the beautiful landscape before him, illuminated in the night by the full moon overhead and the bright stars shining down on him.
It was hard not to, Jimmy's words printed clearly on the skin of his neck in a very startling shade of orange.
"Sorry, but I don't enjoy your sister's surprise visits anymore than you do. If you could just go out there and tell her to bugger off, that would be brilliant," Balth suggests before turning and walking the short distance to her room. Cas sighs again and heaves herself off the bed, walking back out into the living room. Her sister Gabrielle sits on the couch, feet on the coffee table despite the numerous threats both Balthazar and Castiel have issued towards her should she keep that up. Her eyes narrow as she glares at her from the archway.
"Cassie, is that any way to treat your guest?" Cas's roommate, a British woman named Balthazar reprimands her. She groans and turns over to glare at her.
"She's great. She's got messy brown hair, and these really blue eyes, like I haven't seen anything bluer. And she blushes so easily! She's really funny, and she speaks kinda formally, but in a cute way, and she doesn't know how to swear. She called me an assbutt, Charlie. I mean, assbutt, really?" Dee tells her, a smile firmly on her face.
"I'm only mostly human Sam, I still have some Grace left to use." He smiles and pulls on Dean's arm, bringing him back down next to him. "Now, I suggest you leave us alone for several hours." He looks over at Dean for a second and smiles. "Five at least." Dean chokes and flushes red and Sam beats a hasty retreat.
"I want to hear every sound that you're holding back. Every moan, gasp, scream, or expletive that's been building up, I want to hear them," he demands, stroking Dean's cock. Dean groans and arches his back when Cas flicks his thumb over the slit.
"I got it from this girl Becky Rosen, who got it from Edlund herself. Apparently, she's her soulmate, so I'd say it's pretty reliable information," Charlie explains. Her mouth falls open and a high-pitched, almost inhuman, noise rises from her throat.
"What about Sammy and the Impala?" Dean asks, pausing beside the vehicle. Cas doesn't answer as he slides his arms into his leather jacket. Dean pulls on his own jacket, a brown one that used to belong to his father that the leather's gone butter soft on.
"Fucking Hell, Cas!" Dean shouts, his back arching into a taught curve as Castiel's fingers find the small bundle of nerves. Cas growls and quickly and expertly slides on the condom, lubes himself up, and positions himself at Dean's entrance. He slides in slowly, easing into the tight heat of Dean, pausing every few inches to allow Dean to adjust to him. Dean pants and grips at Cas's shoulders, the stretch feeling alien but oh so good.
"Hey, I thought I was your best friend!" Dee complains, letting go of Cas's hand to wrap Charlie in a hug.
“It's beautiful,” Castiel’s voice finally breaks the silence, unintentionally mirroring Dean's thoughts.
With Cas's hand still on his other wrist, Dean reaches up and fumbles for the cord of the lightbulb he knows is there. They both blink for a few seconds at the sudden light until their eyes adjust. Seeing his best friend is always a shock, and not only due to the bright blue mohawk he's currently sporting. It's like everytime Cas is out of his direct line of sight Dean forgets just how beautiful he is. Castiel's blue eyes twinkle mischievously, highlighted as they are by his black eyeliner, and he smirks, his lip ring catching the light of the bare bulb above them. Dean's eye's narrow, knowing his friend is up to something.
"I'm not sure I can be called an angel anymore, Dean." Cas answers, looking slightly sad. Dean's thumb caresses Cas's cheek.
"C'mon, c'mon," she mutters as she nears the traffic lights, hoping it changes soon. As soon as it does she presses down on the accelerator and speeds down the street. Moments later she curses and slams her hands down on the steering wheel as she approaches another stoplight.
the plan but as soon as he sees the windmill silhouetted against the last stars of the evening he knows he has to pull over. He parks the Impala on the side of the road and as soon as the roar of her engine cuts off the gentle sounds of a babbling brook fill the early morning silence. The sweet scent of wildflowers perfumes the air and every so often the old windmill gives a creak as the wind pushes its old vanes into movement. Dean’s pretty sure at least one of those dark shapes is a cherry tree if the springtime snow decorating Baby’s windshield is any indication.
"Whatever you say, jerk." Sam replied. Cas observed the brothers in silence. Dean fiddled with the radio until he found a station playing AC/DC. They drove all day, headed to Bobby's to find a new hunt and work on their Lucifer problem, not seeing the giant thunderstorm quickly approaching.
Dean only vaguely remembers saying them, that barn in Illinois feeling like it was decades ago, but he's sure the words are his.
"Well, let's make some of those fantasies come true," Cas whispers against the shell of his ear, hands running up his thighs until he reaches his zipper, easily slipping the button free and tugging the zip down the metal teeth. He scoots down Dean's thighs, taking his pants and boxers with him, tugging off his shoes when he reaches them, Dean hisses as the cool air hits his aching cock, thrusting into empty air. Cas stands and undoes his own pants kicking them off along with his boxers and unlaced Docs. Dean's eyes lock onto the leaking head of the cock in front of him, licking at his lips and leaning forward slightly. Cas notices and smirks down at him.
He finds the wilted wildflowers in the backseat after he’s parked Baby in her spot in the Bunker garage. A part of him wants to throw them out, but he just slips them into his inside jacket pocket and deposits them somewhere in his room.
"For being there for me during the storms. I know it makes you uncomfortable to be in such close proximity, especially in such an intimate setting. So, I wanted to thank you." Castiel explains. Dean holds up a hand.
"I didn't- I- fuck! I'm not, Dean I don't know how to do this, okay?" Cas tells him, running his hands through his hair. "Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck!" He steps forward quickly and grabs Dean, smashing their lips together roughly. It lacks the finesse of the other kisses they shared but makes up for it in intensity. Dean can't help but melt into it. Cas pulls back and rests his forehead against Dean's. "I'm not good with words, but I know actions. I know how to show you how I feel in caresses, with kisses and soft touches. And, fuck, I did this wrong, and you hate me, and I deserve it, but I couldn't wait any longer because then you'd be gone and I'd hate myself even more." Dean kisses him softly to shut him up.
"Like you've never skipped a class," Cas remarks dryly. "We only have study hall left before we go home, and most of our classmates are going to skip it anyway."
"Uh…" she says, as brilliant as ever. Ellen cocks an eyebrow, a smirk tugging at the corner of her mouth. Not wanting to admit that she hasn't written anything and making even more of an idiot of herself, Deanna blurts out the first thing that comes to mind.
Still, Dean couldn't help but run his fingers over the words when he needed comfort. They gave him hope.
"We're, uh, going to be heading out in a bit. Sammy's in the shower right now, but as soon as he's out we'll leave." Dean tells the almost-ex-angel. Cas nods and slips out of the bed, stretching again. Dean realized that he'd been letting him sleep in his suit and trench coat. Said articles of clothing were extremely wrinkled, and could probably use a wash.
"I love you Dean." He whispers. The spinning stops and Dean's hand lifts from Cas's lower back. They separate slightly, though they keep their hands clasped, and Dean raises his hand to Cas's cheek, wiping away a rain drop.
"Hello darling." Her eyes flicker over to the side toward Cas, then flicker down to where their hands are clasped together. She smiles up at Dee and raises her eyebrows. "And who's this?" she asks.
"I believe the phrase is 'like a baby', though I don't understand the meaning. Babies have a tendency to wake up at odd hours and scream." Cas's brows furrow and Dean chuckles, reaching up a hand to smooth the from from his face.
"Jesus, Cas!" Dean moans as Cas leans down, biting at his neck. He tosses his phone away and reaches forward to grab at Cas's clothes. He works on the vest, unbuttoning it as fast as he can, his fingers fumbling as Cas does something particularly pleasant with his tongue. He manages to open the vest and shoves it out of the way, letting Cas slip his arms out of it as he starts on his sleeveless fishnet shirt next.
"Alright man, let's, uh, let's get you settled in then, okay?" Dean smiles at him reassuringly and stands from the uncomfortable chair. "Do you wanna, uh, maybe change into some dry clothes?" Dean asks, noticing the slight shiver Cas has acquired. Cas looks down at himself and nods.
It’s a good spot, a peaceful spot, and Dean doesn’t waste any time before climbing onto Baby’s hood and reclining back to watch the stars.
“I’m happy for you, Dean,” he tells him. Then his smile grows wider and more mischievous. “Also you just won me like $1,000 buck from all our friends.”
"You should've told me anyway, I'm your best friend!" she reprimands her. Charlie goes to hit her again but she ducks before she can.
"You never told me you had red hair. It looks nice," Cas says by way of explanation. Her green eyes, not nearly as pretty as Dee's, widen as what Cas said registers.
He stares blankly ahead, eyes following the gentle wave of the tall grass in front of him, barely more than shadows in the dark. A part of him wants to curl up under the cherry tree and let nature run its course over him until he becomes part of the meadow. Or perhaps he should wade into the brook like Cas waded into that lake, lay down and allow the shallow stream to wash over him. Even simpler, he could walk into a nest of ghouls and let them have their way with him.
'What the hell?' Dean thought to himself. Slowly, last nights events came drifting back to him. 'Holy shit! I can't believe Cas is afraid of a little lightning.'
It was this fear that pushed Dean into being the best hunter he could. He'd been protecting Sammy since he was four, and he'd be damned if he couldn't protect his soulmate too.
"I'm going to dinner with her tonight to meet her family," she replies, checking her phone again. Anna coughs and nearly chokes on her drink.
He lets the tears come. Lets them bubble up and over his cheeks, down his chin, until they’re dripping onto the collar of the trench coat, his own scent mingling with Cas’s and that’s about when the sobs rip from his throat.
That dread turned to confusion once he got to the gas station and checked his shoulder. His words were still there, but instead of resting on his skin, they stretched over a handprint scar.
"You're right, I should go more natural, Please Me it is." She recaps the two reds and picks up a pinkish nude. "Now hold still," she warns as she holds up the new color. Grabbing Castiel's face, she sets to work, carefully applying the color to Cas's pale pink lips. The color is only slightly darker than her natural shade, but it works well to accentuate her lips. Turning back to the case, she grabs an eyeshadow pallet and a brush. For a moment she just considers her subject, taking in the outfit as a whole as well as Castiel's coloring before deciding on a deep red just on her lid, blending it slightly underneath as well. She then takes an angled brush and sweeps a line of black shadow just at the outer corner of Castiel's eye, smudging it out just a bit. Then, still with Cas's eyes closed, she adds a bit of blush and highlight to her cheekbones. Satisfied, Balth sets her tools down and admires her work.
"Do you want them to find us?" he growls. Dean shakes his head. "Then I suggest you try to stay quiet," he advises before resuming his work on Dean's collarbone, the skin already sensitized by his previous ministrations. Dean bites on his lip to contain his moans, his eyes fluttering shut. The hand not holding his wrists slides down his side and grips his flannel.
They grin at each other and walk back to their seats. Deanna can’t help but risk glances at her soulmate as Ellen rounds up the class and begins an introductory lecture. She occasionally catches Cas sending similar looks her way and when their eyes catch, Dee can’t help the little grin that pulls at her mouth. Towards the end of the class time, an idea occurs to her, hitting her upside the head like a baseball bat to the temple.
And there's Cas and he healed him and he healed Bobby, but Sam is gone, gone, gone. And Dean knows Cas is about to flap away, and that can't happen, he won't let it because Cas is
"OH COME ON, I SIT THERE!" Gabriel yells through the door. Dean and Cas laugh and shake their heads at each other.
"Well maybe your soulmate can finally get you to show some respect," Ellen throws back, accompanied with a small smile.
"And do you, Castiel James Novak, take Dean Michael Winchester, as your lawfully wedded husband, in sickness, and in health, for richer or poorer, for as long as you both shall live?"
"Since the first book," Deanna admits. "But, to be fair, I thought you'd have figured it out by now." She hits her again.
He was happy. Earlier that day he had been practically (okay, literally) suicidal, but now he had Cas back.
Still, hunting with Sammy was nice. He had been on his own for so long and having his brother with him was a relief. Of course, nothing good ever lasts very long around Winchesters.
I'm done! Aren't you so proud of me? And no, there isn't going to be a sequel for those of you who would ask. I just don't think I can write for this world anymore, I've lost my muse for it.
Deanna blushes and looks down sheepishly. "I hadn't even brushed my hair," she mumbles. Cas tucks an arm around her waist and leans her head close to hers.
"I need an outfit for tonight, I'm meeting Deanna's family," she tells her quickly. "She said it was going to be 'fairly casual'. I'm begging you, I need your help."
Cas stumbles as he turns toward the road, choosing a direction at random and beginning the long trek back toward humanity and, hopefully, a phone. He needs to tell them he’s back, that he’s alive.
Castiel clears her throat and takes a deep breath before speaking, "I've always loved the concept of the color green. It was one of the first colors my mother taught me. She told me it was the color of a blade of grass, of a leaf. She said it felt like spring, like a picnic, like laying in a field and feeling the damp grass under you as the sun warms your front. I never knew what she meant, but now I do. Her eyes are green. But not just any green. The greenest green I have ever seen. The only green I have ever seen. I imagine this is what my mother meant when she said 'sunlight through a blade of grass'. Or how a canopy of trees might look in the mid-day sun as the light filters through the leaves. Green is bright, made to remind you of lazy summer days, twirling a piece of grass between your fingers as you lay staring at the sky. Green is warmth, and love, and family. But 'green' doesn't even begin to describe what I see in her eyes. Brown and gold dance through a field of green, flickering with the lights. Happiness and love. The warmth of the sun on your skin. There is no word in any language I know that can describe what I see in your eyes, but only one in English can even come close. Perfection." She sits back down, stealing a glance at the eyes she had just described. The thirteen other students stay quiet until Professor Harvelle prompts them to continue sharing.
The meadow is where he goes when the draw of the Mark becomes too much, when the anger threatens to burst out of him in a violent surge. On the rare occasions he can’t get away from the Bunker (or they’re on the road and miles from that old windmill) he finds himself leafing through Vonnegut and touching the delicate dried petals he picked oh, so long ago.
"Give me five minutes," Balth assures her, diving into the closet and searching through the sea of black and grey. She pulls out something from the back of the closet and throws it on the bed, searching through the dresser drawers for a minute before adding something else to the pile. Finally, she pulls out a black leather belt and adds it to the pile. "Okay, put this on over your best lingerie, the cute little number Meg and I got you last year preferably," she orders, turning away and shutting the door behind her. Cas blushes but complies anyway, pulling out the matching set of lacy black lingerie that they had gotten her.
"Well, it's nice to meet you, I guess. C'mon, Mom's just about finished with dinner." Sam jerks her head toward the kitchen and heads off, but Dee grabs Cas's hand before she can follow.
An angel for a soulmate. It's gotta be some kind of cosmic joke because as far as Dean can tell the angels are almost as bad as the demons.
"You wanna suck me off?" he asks softly, teasing the green-eyed boy. He lets one hand reach up to stroke along the side of Dean's face.
"You're still an asshole," he tells him as he pulls away. "But you're my asshole for as long as you can be."
"There's something missing." She mutters, pursing her lips. She snaps her fingers and dashes back over to the vanity, digging for a moment before pulling out a long silver chain with a blue calcite pendant hanging from it. "Here." She throws it at her and Cas slips it on, letting it rest just above where her shirt buttons together.
Dean awoke to the now all too familiar feeling of Cas in his arms. He doesn't panic this time, doesn't freak out or jump out of the bed like he usually would, instead he smiles and allows himself a moment to relish the feel of Cas in his arms.
"Holy shit!" she says, the penny finally dropping. She smacks Dee and they start walking again. "How long have you been sitting on this little bit of info?" she demands.
"I know." Dean leans in and kisses Cas, bringing their bodies back together. The kiss his sweet, but brief, and soon the pair is slowly spinning around the patch of grass again.
"Sure Dean, I'm sure you and Cas would like the alone time." Sam agrees, shooting a Dean a Look. Dean glares at him and Sam laughs as he exits the room.
“Perhaps I should have stuck around a few more minutes,” Cas allows, “but in all fairness, I had just been rejected by my best friend. I wasn’t exactly eager to wait around for more of the same.”
extenuating circumstances. I wouldn’t have done it if I didn’t have a damn good reason, you gotta believe me, Cas.” It feels a bit weird having this conversation with Cas still laying beside him while he’s sitting up, so Dean scoots down on the bed so at the very least they’re on the same level.
"I don't think we'll ever be done. But I think we've fixed this version of reality as much as we can. Even I can't predict what the Winchester's will do." The figure smiles and shakes its head again. "Come on, we've got work. A few universes over Sam and Dean have released the Darkness. Let's fix it before they completely destroy themselves."
"Cas! I thought I told you to wait in the Impala with Sam." Dean said in surprise. Cas turned to him and focused his blue eyes on him.
Deanna swallows as she descends the steps to Ellen's desk. She can hear Cas following her and the quiet mutterings of their classmates as she stops in front of the oak desk. It's quiet for a few seconds before Ellen crosses her arms and fixes her with a stern Look.
Gabriel looks between them with narrowed eyes, his eyes taking in Cas in his sweats and Dean in his emergency clothes, the zipper of his jeans still down.
Dean drives away without looking back once, a fresh bouquet of wildflowers resting on the passenger seat.
"Am I done now?" Cas asks her testily. Balth runs her eyes over her friend's body and hums thoughtfully.
"Yes, Cas, please, all of it, I want all of it, please," Dean doesn't even know what he's saying, can't stop himself from saying what he's thinking, "I want everything, just please, Cas, I want you closer, anything, anything, just please-"
"You know you can do that without dragging me into a janitor's closet, right?" Dean asks. Cas shrugs.
"Dean, so good at this," Cas pants, taking a moment to get used to the feeling of Dean's throat convulsing around him. "You were made for this, been thinking about this since I met you. Thought your lips would look so good stretched around me as I thrust into your mouth." Dean swallows around him and hums, the vibrations sending a spike of pleasure through Cas. With immense effort, he pulls out of Dean's wet heat. Dean moans at the loss and tries to follow Cas's cock as it moves away from his mouth. Cas tugs his hair, tipping his head back, and kisses him hard, tongue licking into his mouth to taste himself on Dean's tongue. They both moan and Dean breaks the kiss first, gasping to regain his breath.
“Um, I’m not great with words,” Dean says when it’s his turn to say his vows. “I’m sure any one of these people can attest to that, and seeing as how it took you dying (again) for us to finally get together, I’m sure you don’t need the reminder.” There are a few wet chuckles from the crowd. “But the last time I was here to spread your ashes, I think I did pretty well, so you’ll excuse me if I borrow a few sentiments. I don’t know if you heard them or not, so I think it’ll be alright.” He clears his throat and awkwardly shuffles.
"Dean, I need you to answer me. I won't do anything if I don't have your consent," Cas says, suddenly further away and Dean doesn't like that at all, he wants him closer, so much closer.
"You have too many layers on," Cas growls into his neck. Dean gasps and tries to break free of the hold Castiel has on his wrists.
"Cas. Cas, I've never- I mean-" Dean blushes furiously and looks down as Cas turns back to look at him.
"I just feel like everything is working against us." Dean admitted. Sam's face softened in that annoying way of his.
"Ash is gonna be disappointed she missed this," Jo says, coming toward them and giving them both a quick hug. "Nice to meet you Cas. Welcome to the family."
“Cas, I-,” he has to stop, the words sticking in his throat as he tries to speak, his brain struggling to find a way to say goodbye to the man he loved. Loves.
"Well. Would anyone like to follow that, startling revelation?" Professor Harvelle asks the class. Before she can talk herself out of it, Castiel raises her hand, ignoring the few sentences she had written on her paper before Deanna Winchester came crashing into her life. Literally.
"Right, well, uh, why don't you, um, just get in and we'll go," Deanna says awkwardly, rubbing at the back of her neck. Cas smiles at her and opens the passenger door, sliding in. Deanna does the same on the driver's side and guns the engine again.
He wants it, wants that touch, that reminder that he can experience contact that isn’t just fists and pain. More than that he wants Cas to
Ha ha, I'm a horrible person that has kept you waiting for an update for over a year. Sorry? I honestly have no excuses I just haven't been motivated to write for this for that long. I'm making up for it by finally giving y'all that kiss. You can all thank my new friend Cas that I met at hoshicon last weekend for this update, because they are the first person I've met who has actually read this fic other than my friends. So thank you Cas, this one's for you.
- left him alone when he was in danger. Dean bursts through the door half-expecting to crash a romantic candle-lit dinner between Cas and Nora, but instead finds Castiel, the Rit Zien, a half-finished bloody sigil, and a crying baby. He goes to fight the angel but is thrown into a wall like every other time he’s tried to fight one of these overpowered pigeons. He manages to slide his angel blade over to Cas just in time for him to gank the sonovabitch before he smites him into pink goo.
"What is this?" he asks, worry and self-doubt clouding his voice. Cas tilts his head to the side in the way that is criminally adorable.
It was a rough one, this hunt. As if they weren't already exhausted from trying to stop the Apocalypse, the damn salt n’ burn turned out to be
He parks at the mouth of the alley, his heart jumping in his throat as the headlights illuminate a familiar trenchcoated figure. He’s opening the door and out of the car moments later, not daring to breathe until Cas turns around and he’s sure it’s him. As soon as he catches sight of that achingly familiar smile he’s practically running toward the angel. He gets his arms around him as soon as he’s in reach, clutching at his back and tucking his face into the other man’s neck. He still smells like ozone and honey and his torso feels solid under his hands.
"Sam wished for some time alone and suggested I wait in here with you." Cas explained, walking forward and invading Dean's personal space as usual. Dean sighed in annoyance.
“We came here once before, back at the beginning. Man, we were so young back then. Well, maybe not so much you, Mr. Millenia Old Angel,” Dean huffed a quiet laugh and tilted his head back to catch his first glimpse of stars in the sky. “Except you were young, you were so new to this, to Earth, to humanity. You- you changed so much even in the relatively short time I’ve known you. Can you believe it’s been eight years since we met? Eight years since you pulled my ass from the pit. Eight years-,” his voice cracks and he has to swallow back the tears because if he starts crying now he won’t be able to finish. “You lived for so long as an angel and in the eight years you’ve known me I’ve gotten you killed how many times? How many- You gave up your grace, gave up your divinity, your family, and for what? I don’t- God, Cas, I have no idea why you even stuck around as long as you did. Everyone I’ve ever known has left me and for some godforsaken reason
Castiel glances over to Deanna and sees her sigh and stand, gesturing for her to do the same. She waits for half a second before following her.
The dark-haired woman inhales sharply as the world is suddenly flooded by color, starting with Dee's eyes and spreading like a drop of ink in water.
The next time he visits the meadow is after Cas walks into that lake. Sam’s resting at Bobby’s this time, recovering from having his memories of Hell returned to him after Cas broke his wall. Dean has that stupid dirty trench coat bundled up in the passenger seat and he’s pointedly
"Cas, wake up." Dean tells him. The angel shifts again, but still doesn't wake up. Dean sighs and walks over to the bed. He shakes Castiel's shoulder, repeating his words.
Cas sends him a scathing look, one that Dean can't help but smile at, even if it means the glare intensifies.
(And okay, maybe he lets Cas undo a few too many buttons before he tells him to stop, but those extra buttons are going to fuel some very special daydreams of his for
They smile and continue dancing with each other. From the comfort of the awning protecting the motel doors, a figure watches them, smiling to itself. A lollipop is pulled from its mouth and the smile becomes a grin.
"Mom! Dee's here!" Sam yells behind her. "Who's this?" she asks, nodding to where Cas is standing beside her.
Because Anna isn't his soulmate, but when she says those words it narrows down the list of potentials to a very specific group.
It’s different this time, the flowers long past their bloom and the leaves of the cherry tree dropping along with the temperatures. But the windmill is still there and the brook is still bubbling and Dean still thinks it’s beautiful in the late afternoon sun. He climbs out and onto Baby’s hood once more, feet propped on her front bumper and his elbows digging into his thighs as he lets his hands hang loosely between his knees. He lets that same peace fall over him as he breathes in the fresh air.
The Impala pulls into the alley a little under an hour later, Dean halving the time between Colorado Springs and Boulder in his rush to get to Cas.
"It's your first day of college, I'm not going to let you be late! Now get your lazy ass out of bed so you can get there on time," she yells through the wood. Deanna groans and turns over, blearily looking at the alarm clock. The numbers flash back at her, proclaiming that it's 7:15 am.
A single bright blue eye stares up at him once Cas has mustered the energy to turn his head slightly right and crack an eyelid.
When Sam returns from his "museum trip" he finds the lights all back on and Dean and Cas cuddled on the bed, soft smiles on both of their faces as they sleep through the sound of rain on the motel roof.
(He has a hunch, which slowly transforms into hope, but he doesn't let himself dwell on it too long.)
The sun sets much faster than it rose, the evening chill descending on him quicker than he expected. He’s only got his cheap, thin canvas jacket on him and even with the flannel and t-shirt underneath it does little to combat the bitter winds. His eyes catch on the trench coat still on the passenger seat through the windshield and before he can talk himself out of it he’s climbing down and yanking the passenger door open. The coat is a little stiff as he slides his arms through it, the dip in the lake certainly doing it no favors, but it’s warm and oddly enough it still smells like the sharp ozone scent Castiel always carried around with him. Even under the blood and Leviathan gunk and lake water, Cas remains tied to the coat. Dean flips the collar and brings it close, dipping his face down so it’s protected from the wind (that’s all, the wind is cold on his face, that’s the only reason, not so he can breathe deep and pretend Cas is beside him again, that he didn’t betray them, that he didn’t walk into that lake, that he isn’t…)
Sam doesn’t notice the cherry petals stuck in the grooves of Baby’s tires and Dean doesn’t notice when the last of them flakes away ten miles down the road, already onto the next hunt.
"Both of your faces!" Cas has started to laugh sincerely now and Dean feels a smile spreading across his own face. They laugh together, overcome with mirth and joy, and once they've settled again they look at each other with fond smiles on their faces.
Sam wakes up and sees something that proves his suspicions correct. Now to mess with Dean until he admits his feelings...
The world is washed with blue by the rising sun, the barest hint of orange peeking over the horizon through a break in the underbrush. From his left, he can feel the heat emanating from Castiel and it takes damn near everything in him not to lean over those last couple inches and let his the angel offer a more physical comfort.
Her mother taught her about colors when she was younger. She said green was the color of grass, of leaves on the trees. Deanna's eyes are green, there's no doubt in her mind about that. Castiel is vaguely aware of color beyond Dee’s eyes, but none of it seems as important as the green flooding her vision.
"Fuck!" Dean's head drops back onto the pillow, his eyes squeezing shut, and Cas strokes him, hard and fast in time to his thrusts. He can feel his orgasm approaching, the pleasure building behind his eyes. Cas' thrusts become more erratic and Dean knows he's getting close too.
"Yeah. I, uh, can't really say the same. When did you two meet?" Sam asks, looking between us with a frown on her face.
"I'm going to go slow, it might feel a little uncomfortable at first, but I promise you'll love it," Cas whispers into Dean's ear, reaching down and circling a finger around his hole. Dean tenses slightly and Cas kisses him soundly. "I wouldn't hurt you, Dean. Trust me," he reassures him as he pulls away. Dean sucks in a breath and relaxes. Cas slips the first finger in, pumping it and crooking it on the drag out. Dean's twitching and arching at the feeling, moans falling from his mouth. "Have you touched yourself here before, Dean?" he asks, working the second finger inside, searching out his prostate. "Have you needed this extra stimulant to get yourself off? Did you imagine someone else's fingers as you fucked yourself? Did you imagine
"I've had a lot of time to fantasize about this," Dean answers, a blush creeping up his neck. Cas hums and smirks, working his hands under Dean's Star Wars t-shirt. He lets his long fingers ghost over Dean's nipples before withdrawing and shoving the shirt up and over Dean's head, throwing it off to the side.
"No. You can't. Now, what do you want?" she asks again. Gabe sighs and stands, walking over to her and putting her arm around her shoulder.
“Sorry, Sammy,” Dean says, blushing to high hell and refusing to look his brother in the eyes. “Uh, he’s right, we should get back. You’ll, uh, you’ll love Jack. He’s a lot like you.”
"Her name's Deanna, now leave!" she replies, pushing harder. Gabe suddenly stops resisting and she nearly topples over.
"Oh, please call me Mary. And we don't shake hands in this family," Mom says as she pulls Cas into a hug. Cas awkwardly stands there for a few seconds before wrapping her arms around Mary's back. She releases her after a few seconds and turns back to the dish cooking on the stove. "Would you two please help Ellen put dinner on the table?" she requests, nodding to the counter full of dishes.
"What do you need Dean?" he asks, his voice soft and low. Dean moans at the tone and closes his eyes briefly.
"Alright, you two idjits go sit down. And if I see you doing anything private up there, I will separate you," Ellen threatens, leveling them both with a stern glare. "And Dee, don't think this excuses you from coming to dinner tonight."
Things happened almost too quickly to process after that, Bobby then Sam and suddenly he was in a barn, facing off a strange man in a trenchcoat who claimed he was an angel of the Lord.
Their friends cheer, a few shouted “finally”s cutting through the noise, but Dean tunes them all out to focus on his angel, his
It's the first stop he makes once he’s himself again, collapsing in the middle of the field and digging his fingers into the earth, rough sobs racking his frame. Humanity is awful, it stings and hurts and twists his insides and he just wants to claw it out and let the emptiness he felt as a demon take over again. The draw of the Mark is more pronounced than ever and he can practically feel the darkness of it corroding his soul.
"You, Dean Winchester, are a menace and a tease," he growls, one hand coming up to run through his blue-tipped hair. Dean takes his own helmet off and grins at him.  They climb off the bike and Cas grabs Dean's jacket, tugging him into the house. They both shed their jackets at the front door and Dean lets Cas pull him into the living room.
"That's what you get for being a bitch. Besides, Cas doesn't mind my music, isn't that right Cas?" Dean looks at Cas expectantly.
“You dumb sonuvabitch,” he curses bitterly, half prayer, half reprimand. “Why didn’t you come to us sooner, why didn’t you come to
Dean eagerly open his lips, accepting the head of Cas's cock, tongue darting forward to lap at the slit, tasting the salty precum gathered there. He slowly takes more of Cas into his mouth until his head hits the back of his throat and he gags. Cas eases off and lets him catch his breath and Dean begins the process again, moving faster now that he knows what to expect. When Cas's head hits the back of his throat he relaxes his muscles and lets Cas thrust fully into his mouth.
"Whatever Winchester, at least I brushed my hair today. Anyway, I have to tell you about this awesome thing I just heard in the quad- Hold on, how do you know how colorful my outfit is?" She asks as her brain finally processes what Dee said. She smiles and rolls her eyes at Charlie fondly.
"Well, he's being a bitch, so you get the seat." Dean tells him. Cas nods and slides in beside Dean. Dean fiddles with the radio as they wait for Sam to finish checking them out. He settles on a classic rock station, which happens to be playing 'Hey Jude' when he switches to it. Dean smiles saddly at the radio as the song washes over him.
She can't keep the excitement to herself as she runs down the stairs, the dull thudding sound of her boots echoing behind her as she races down. She practically bursts through the stairwell into the small entryway and takes a moment to calm her breathing and straighten her clothes before bounding outside.
He lets his tongue dart out and lick at the head, gathering precum on his piercing and swallowing it down, licking his lips afterward. Dean's Adam's apple bobs as he swallows. Cas smirks and engulfs Dean's cock, hollowing his cheeks and sucking him all the way down in one go. Dean thrusts his hips at the feeling of cool metal against him and Cas holds him down. He looks up and sees Dean biting his bottom lip to keep down his gasps and moans. Cas pulls off and lids up his body to growl into his ear.
"Cas," Dean moans as Cas lets his teeth scrape against his collarbone. "Cas, we need to- Oh God!- we need to s-stop. S-someone could- could walk in and see wha- aaah, Cas!" Cas slaps his hand over Dean's mouth and looks up from where he's been sucking on his collarbone.
She nods back to their seats as she slips her hand in Cas’s. They both let out twin gasps at the spark that travels up their arms at the contact.
"C'mon Charlie, I need to be in one piece for dinner tonight!" she tells her as she straightens her clothing. Not that it helps. Those wrinkles are set in deep. Once again she winces at how unkempt she looks on the day she met her soulmate. Talk about good first impressions.
They exit the closet just as the bell rings and they make a beeline for their lockers to grab whatever books they need. Dean haphazardly shoves his English and science books into his messenger bag. Cas appears beside him again and soon they're swept into the flow of students trying to change classes. Cas grabs the sleeve of Dean's flannel and maneuvers them through the crowd. Most of their classmates part for them, some because they heard about what Cas did to Raphael, some because of his punk attire, but mostly due to the intense look in his eyes as he drags Dean behind him. He leads him to the student parking lot to where his motorcycle is parked.
"So, are you planning on becoming one of those soulmate specialists, or something?" Deanna asks, again taking her eyes off the road to look at Cas.
“We came here, to this meadow, once a very long time ago, back when we were worried about stopping the Apocalypse. It was an accident, me finding this place, I was just looking for a place to spend another sleepless night that wasn’t the inside of a motel room. I don’t know if you remember, but you came down and sat beside me for hours in silence that night, just watching the sunrise. You said it was beautiful, but all I could see was you. I think I loved you even then. I was so broken back then, Cas, but I never felt like it when I was with you. You say that you care about the whole world because you cared about me, but Cas, you were the one that convinced me to care again after Hell. There were so many times I was ready to throw in the towel, but that night in this meadow, watching the sunrise with an angel by my side, I knew then that I had to keep fighting for this world. You once told me that the one thing you wanted you knew you couldn’t have, but Cas,” he tightens his grip on Cas’s hands, “you’ve always had me. I won’t promise you sickness or health, better or worse, richer or poorer, and I certainly won’t promise till death do us part, because we’ve already done it all. I’ve loved you through Apocalypses, through Godhood, whether you were an angel or human, when I was a demon, and through countless deaths. I don’t need to promise to see you through anything because I already have. And when we finally commit to death long enough for it to stick, I know I’ll be seeing you again on the other side of those pearly gates, so don’t think that’ll stop this marriage, Mr. Angel of the Lord, er, Lady, sorry Amara. So, Cas, when I say I love you, when I promise to be by your side for as long as you’ll take me, know that I mean this forever and the one that comes after.”
And fuck if that doesn’t just cut Dean right through. He deserves it he knows, but it doesn’t change the heartbreak he feels on Cas’s behalf.
"Blue." Ellen's eyebrows raise in surprise, but Deanna keeps going. "The first color I ever saw was blue. Her eyes, sparkling in the light from the windows, a breeze ruffling her dark hair. Brown, or maybe black. Her pale pink lips are chapped, her cheeks flushed red, a whole spectrum of color I've never seen before playing on her skin. My world has been nothing but shades of black, gray, and white since I can remember. Now I can see color blooming around me, browns and greens and reds, I can see every color under the sun. But of all of the colors in the world, even the ones I haven't seen yet, my favorite one is the blue twinkling in her eyes."
"We can deal with the apocalypse, we'll find a way. And as for Cas, well it looks to me like you're dealing with it fairly well. He's adjusting as well as he can, and you seem to be helping a lot." Sam told him. Dean looked back at the now sleeping angel. His face was relaxed, but every time the thunder sounded he would flinch. He reminded Dean of a lost puppy, which was an almost horrifying thought to have.
"Glad you're happy little bro." The figure tells the dancing angel. It then turn its head to the right and looks at another figure suddenly standing by its side. "Are we done here, Dad?"
Dean is suddenly angry, angrier than he's been since his parents' divorce. He gets off the bed and moves to the dresser that has a set of his spare clothes. His hands tremble and he tries to shove the anger down but it's no use.
"You gonna just stand there, or are you gonna introduce me to your soulmate," Ellen demands with a quirked eyebrow.
