“Speak of the devil!” Pepper exclaimed, winking at Tony before turning to leave. “I’m riding over with Nat and Bucky. I’ll see you two there.”
“You’re nervous.”
When Peter walked off to call May, Tony turned to look at Steve who was still in his personal bubble and holding onto him as if he might fall over otherwise.
Steve thought.
Steve closed his eyes and used all the energy he had left to put his wish out into the world:
“Aw come on Rhodey-bear,” Tony whined, walking over to the workshop couch that was to Rhodey’s immediate right and throwing himself on it. He looked up at his friend with large, brown Bambi eyes and batted his eyelashes. “Did he really care enough to go asking for advice?”
It took less than a minute for Steve to psyche himself out and start to panic.
“Right away Cap!” Carol responded, pivoting in the air and racing down towards him.
What had started out innocent was now surprisingly intense, fueled by years of neglected passion and need.
“Steve?” Tony asked, leaning forward a bit. Had he done something wrong?
For those brief seconds, Steve thought they had managed pretty well.
“I s’pose I’m not in love with her anymore, either, and that I agree. It’s better for it to be over. I don’t want Morgan to grow up in a household like the one I grew up in—Howard was always yelling at mom—they were so unhappy.”
“This is your third meeting and you have yet to share anything. Is there something you maybe want to share with the group?” Adam encouraged. He was so damn nice and Tony knew he should appreciate that, but it really just rubbed him the wrong way. It reminded of him when the Avengers first formed and Cap would be so condescendingly sweet it gave him a toothache.
“What everyone sees in you—what I see—how amazing you—”
“Yeah, I’ll be back later today, sound good?” he asked, patting Tony’s shoulder and whispering, “You’re looking good, Tony.”
“Hey uh, earth to Steve?”
She leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees, and gripping one of Steve’s knees with her hand—she squeezed it tightly. “You know Tony, but you’re acting like you don’t.”
They were greeted by a dozen Iron Man suits flying through the air hanging strings of lights off of the entire Compound. And another handful were setting up extravagant lawn decorations that included light up reindeer, candy canes, and more. In just a few minutes, the entire outside of the Compound was a Christmas wonderland. Once their duties were complete, Tony tapped a few buttons on his screen and they flew away back to the workshop they came from. When he looked over at Peter and Steve, their mouths were hanging open with eyes wide: awestruck.
“Not that you know of, Rogers. But art can have a profound impact on a person’s life,” Tony countered, his eyebrows raised high and an earnest look in his eyes. “Okay but seriously—Steve, if I ever hear you talk down about your own amazing artistic ability again, we’re going back to the uniform Coulson made you that your ass looks horrible in, you got it?”
“But I’m breaking apart our family, Peter.”
It was gentler than Steve expected from Tony—given all the rumors he had heard about him in the realm of life. The softness of his touch and his lips made every nerve ending tingle.
The electricity vibrating between them put some of Thor’s showiest moves to shame.
Tony knew, logically, that alcohol dependency was complex and that each individual turned to it for their own reasons. It was disease and not something he faulted any of the participants for—but some of them were awfully pretentious in the way they talked about their lives. And that’s where he found problems with them.
He wanted to protest, argue, and ask her for more information but when he tried to he found that the drugs were taking over his system. Which, in reality, was probably for the best since the pain was starting to creep back up his spine. As his eyelids fluttered shut he prayed he would remember to further investigate what she meant.
Tony glowered at her over her knuckles and dropped her hands in a mock pout, his lip sticking out and cheeks going red.
Nat stepped into the bedroom, toweling off her wet hair, fresh from the shower, and letting out a loud groan. Bucky looked up from his side of the bed, where he was sitting reading Dune by Frank Herbert, all cozied up for the night.
“No, no, no! Sorry, I wasn’t trying to say that,” Peter responded, panicked. “No, what I mean is just—that if you two are going to be happier not being together, like that, then it is what’s best for both of you. And Morgan. Cause it is not going to be good for her to grow up with her parents unhappy together, you know?”
Hello everyone,
“Tones, what’s up?”
This sent Steve into a fit of laughter which Tony joined in on. When they finally collected themselves, stomachs hurting and cheeks streaked in tears, Steve made an impulsive (and horrifying) decision.
He slammed his fists into the ground. When that yielded no relief he tried it again. And again. And again. And again until his hands were covered in dirt and the tears had soaked his shirt.
At this point Tony was fidgeting so much he clumsily dropped his silverware on the floor. It hit the restaurant’s tile with a loud clang and he hastily clambered to pick it back up. When he finally sat back in his seat, cheeks flaming red, Rhodey had lost his placid face by dissolving into a fit of laughter. Tony started to pout again, only pretending to be frustrated that the conversation was now disastrously off track. Finally, Rhodey’s snickers subsided.
“Man, he came spilling his guts to me when he apologized to me the other day,” he said. “I know way more than you think. Also, an idiot could notice the way Tony stares at you helplessly whenever you aren’t looking. Well, actually, he does it when you are looking, too.”
“You’re dangerously brilliant,” Bucky chuckled, leaning down to kiss her.
God—he was really pathetic and hopeless, wasn’t he?
Tony jolted awake when Morgan climbed up into bed with him. It took him several seconds to adjust to his surroundings—he was back in his bedroom at the compound. What a relief to no longer be in the infirmary.
Tony’s orders hung in the air and no one moved. When Ty seemed defiant, Steve stepped in.
Instead, Tony straddled Ty’s hips and bathed in how brilliant it felt to be naked against another person again. He gasped in pleasure, letting himself get absolutely lost in it, as Ty carefully pushed into him.
This was his third AA meeting and he still had yet to share anything personal beyond his name and that he was an alcoholic. He had spent the previous two meetings listening to politicians, actors, and other various people who held public positions of some sort moan about the difficulties of their lives.
“I just don’t know what to do, Rhodey.”
“You make an excellent point, like always, Romanoff.”
“I’m up here speaking because I pay for everything, but the true leader of our gang of misfit fighters is Steve Rogers, but most of you know him as Captain America. Today you’re celebrating all of us, sure, but I’d argue that we would truly not be anything if it weren’t for him. Thanks to everyone for showing up tonight. We promise to continually endeavor to make this world safer for all of you—and I’m certain we will as long as Cap is with us. Cheers.”
Morgan sat back in her dad’s lap and messed with his hair, smiling and giggling at him.
“I know the feeling,” Tony sighed. “Pepper visited me today.”
“Well, you did say nice,” Steve countered.
But that option was taken away from him now. He instantly kicked into ‘downplay’ mode without realizing.
He felt butterflies, a pleasant sort of anxiety that he strangely welcomed, bubble up in his stomach. As a feeble attempt to distract himself from the feeling—and to finally tear his eyes away from Steve—he picked up his screwdriver to put the finishing touches on Nat’s widow bites by hand.
“Yeah, not until I get first swing.”
Tony took a deep breath. The nausea lingered in the periphery but otherwise he felt fine. Finally, he emerged from his refuge and made his way into the living room. Relief washed over him when he found only Nat, Rhodey, and Steve there. He was not ready to face Bucky or anyone else. At least with these three he felt safe—comfortable.
“I mean…”
When Tony woke up the next morning Steve had already left his room and his headache was so severe he couldn’t see straight.
“Oh god—was I that obvious?” he groaned, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes.
Thank you so much to everyone who is reading along! I'm sorry to end this chapter on a sad note...and the next chapter reveals so more bumps in the road...but what else is a good angsty slow-burn for? :) Please leave comments, they brighten my day more than you will ever know!
” Tony asked, the PADD in his hand dropping to the table.
Mr Rogers sighed, looking small and vulnerable and Tony wanted nothing more than to take him in his arms. But he resisted.
Steve shifted on the bed, looking extremely uncomfortable. “I just told you.”
Bucky shrugged. “Or maybe you need fewer props? And less clothes?”
That was...maybe a fair assessment. “I may have penned some concerns to him, yes. I never heard back though.”
Steve turned to give him an incredulous look. “What?”
He walked out into the hall, shaking his head. He wondered where the child had gotten that notion.
“Yes, Steve.”
That evening, Tony lay on his side, waiting.
“You loved France.”
“Tony, hey,” Bucky greeted, slapping his shoulder in greeting. “How’re you doing?”
“Do. Bring Betty, and we’ll feed you as well.”
“And I was kind of shocked, since my words are kind of specific but I said, ‘This is an animal shelter, not a toy store’ and then we did the whole soul glow thing. Freaked the cats out a bit but it all worked out.”
Steve huffed. “I never understood why you wore them anyway. You’ve got a fine figure and seems to me to be more trouble than it’s worth. My ma never wears them: says ‘omegas were given lungs for breathing same as alphas, so why would anyone squeeze the life out of themselves?’.”
It had been going well he thought, the encouraging pat on his shoulder from Pepper as she passed him letting him know they were getting some good engagement.
He felt more than heard Tony stifle a snort, and Bradbury looked as though he had swallowed a lemon. Apparently, it was one straw too many, and Mr. Bradbury pulled free of his omega, pulled back a fist, and aimed at Steve.
“I just-- it could be anything, and you--”
“Yeah?” And Tony could see the hope there, lurking in his eyes.
Toyn flapped a hand. “It’s cool. I should’ve been paying more attention anyway.”
“You expected something different? Wife and two kids, picket fence?”
“Good,” the sheriff agreed, leaning back to turn off the lamp. “G’night, Anthony.”
“Shall we-” The sheriff shoved his hands in his pockets and averted his eyes awkwardly. At least Tony wasn’t the only one who was nervous.
was right there, hidden beneath the covers.
“Oh god, I am so sorry,” a voice said from his chest, and then a weight was lifted as the owner of the voice presumably rolled off him. Tony was pulled to his feet. It was so disorienting going from standing to floor to standing again in such quick succession that it took a moment for Tony to tip his head down slightly to focus on his helpful assailant. The first thing Tony became aware of was a pair of bright blue eyes.
Tony felt his heart pick up speed when a smile slowly spread across Steve’s face. “Yeah, I guess so.”
“Oh. I mean - yeah sure I’d love to. I can go drop Dodge off home first and then come back.”
“Honestly. If I’d have known you alphas got grumpier when you were
“True enough.” Steve looked down at the bowls. “What say I clean this up, and if you like I can read to you a little before bed? I have a new novel I’ve been saving for when you came.”
When he let him go, Tony looked a little dazed but shook it off. As the doe made his way back through the gate, Stíofán watched the fine rump bounce beneath the warm woollen shift he wore, fastened at the front, Stíofán knew, with the brooch he’d had made for him when the twins were born. He watched till Tony was out of sight, thinking about how the twins would curl up by the fire in their roundhouse later and he and Tony could retire to their soft bed, curled up beneath the furs. If he was lucky, his hand would wander and Tony would press into them, eager as they moved together, trying to stay quiet…
The night before the games there was a great feast.
Apologies done, they stood there awkwardly until Jarvis darted out of the kitchen and up onto Steve’s lap.
The doe smiled and pressed a kiss to his jaw. “I love you too.” He slipped a hand around Stíofán’s arm and pointed. “Wash and bed, let’s go.”
Tony started to move, very clearly prepared to stop him and Steve’s heart was in his throat. In his head, he was running a risk assessment and this guy was desperate. His gun hand was unsteady, and if Tony interfered there was a high chance he’d be shot.
“I'm just worried that Tony’s still sore about the other day, " Steve admitted. "He was really angry. And I get it, but I know I was in the right too. I do have to be careful not to show favourites, but if he’d told me there was something else going on I would have reacted differently. I don't know Sam. It's just difficult being a good Alpha and also the Sheriff when you know people are always looking for a reason to question you."
Jarvis huffed. “I suppose. So what do we do now?”
“I’m sure I can do that for you, sir.” He knelt down to put the jack in place. “Won’t take me a minute.”
“Stay out of trouble,” Stíofán said, rubbing his thumb over Tony’s hand. “The does in the kitchen should take care of you but if there’s any trouble come find me.”
that Ana had given him and took a seat at the table.
Steve caught the eye of the man’s omega who was looking a little embarrassed by her alpha’s behaviour. “I don’t think the Captain needs to hear--”
“Yeah it does,” Tony agreed, a grin stretching across his face. He blinked back relieved tears as ran his fingers absentmindedly through Steve’s hair, unconsciously checking for bumps. “I think it would’ve hurt even more without the broom.”
“DOGGY!” Tony turned to watch Peter sprint off towards a big brown and white dog with fluffy ears, and his heart leapt in his throat.
Stíofán looked at his wine, feeling a little less in good spirits. “It means I win, no matter the outcome. I have a letter for you, I paid for one of the scribes to write it. It tells you how to get to my village, and there’s a message for my ma, she’ll take you in.”
The sun was low in the sky by then, and Tony wondered if he should start heading home.
He moved then, forcing him to the ground and using the guy’s own jumper to tie his hands.
Steve glared. “Seems to me he was defending himself.”
“Hey Buck, can you-”
He came to a halt at the scene in front of him.
His father came over to pat him on the shoulder. “I’m sure you’ll do great son. Stick to the magic people like and you’ll be settled in no time. Supply and demand, that’s what makes you successful in business.”
The silence was stifling but eventually, Steve huffed. “Are you going to come out of that sweater?”
Steve turned his head just enough to give him a weak smile. A thin line of blood ran down the edge of his mouth. “Couldn’t let her take your kidney, could I?”
Jarvis had also made friends with the neighbours’ cat, a fluffy gal called Ana, so Tony didn’t have to feel guilty about him being stuck in the workshop.
Stíofán huffed a sigh. “You don’t have to worry. Just, no matter what happens tomorrow, you’re going to be ok.”
Tony looked at him out of the corner of his eye, his warm, steady presence beside him. “Perhaps you’re right.”
“Sounds about right,” the newcomer said, giving the pushy alpha a look. “Seems to me that it’s time you moved on. And don’t let me catch you ‘chitchatting’ like this again.”
“Excuse me?” the alpha spluttered and Steve had to hide a wince. He’d definitely been hanging around Tony too much.
“Probably best you didn’t. Not sure the lawyers would be pleased if I cracked some guy’s rib by squashing him,” Tony said, trying to lighten the mood.
“Oh?”
Tony shook his head. “No. No it’s too far away, what if-- what if something happens?”
Suddenly his last-minute run that morning made a lot more sense. God, he’d put so much time and energy into keeping Dad from getting too manic and making sure they were all set and never letting on that he was hurting.
“Isn’t there some cat Instagram celebrity we can get?”
On his back had soon become amongst Stíofán’s favourite ways to mate, the doe’s face as Stíofán moved inside him was almost breathtaking.
Steve heaved one final big breath and nodded. “Yeah ok.”
They worked for a little longer, managing to get the base structure down. Tomorrow they’d have to start building the frame - based on Tony’s design, which had endeared him to the village for its success at keeping out the cold and the rain. They set to stripping the wood they’d need for the poles with their horns.
This is the first of three mini-sequels to the main
“What? How?”
. Stíofán wasn’t going to fall for it. He’d fight of course, but it would be for his reasons.
Steve blinked. This man had grown up the same time he had, how did he know anything about it? “I--uh--”
Yes, Tony thought to himself bracingly: he would find a way to salvage this.
“Groupy?!” Tony shrieked, tossing a pillow at Steve. “I’m just a fan! But you know what? Right now I’m thinking that maybe I’m over it. Cap sucks.”
“Tony,” Steve huffed, feeling frustrated. “I know you're upset, and you’re right to be. But we live in a small town. Sometimes we have to exercise a little diplomacy to make sure it doesn’t come back to bite us.”
“It must be hard to be without her,” Mr Rogers said, looking sympathetic.
The finale!
Stíofán shook his head. “He’s just feeling a little unwell. It’ll pass.” He wondered if he should mention that Tony was carrying but decided against it. Better to wait till Tony was well so he wasn’t peppered with questions.
The doe nodded, and Stíofán gave a strong thrust just to hear him moan. Stíofán reached down to push at Antonius’ knees to widen his stance and let him deeper. It was a stretch - Antonius was smaller than him, making it a strain to spread around Stíofán’s hips, and Stíofán liked it, the feeling of power that came with it.
He’d been carrying a tray of cookies to add to the baking case when his vision got a bit spotty. He blinked, trying to clear it, but as he did, the world seemed to tilt sideways somehow. It felt like his feet weren’t touching the ground like they should, but before he could finish that thought, his shoulder hit the wall of the hallway, and he saw the ground rushing up to meet him.
"Mhmm," Steve hummed, biting his lip as he smudged some of the lines for effect. "Yosemite Valley, I was there a few months ago."
Tony’s words seemed to spook him, he clearly hadn’t seen Tony behind the shelf when he’d entered. Instead of answering he raised his arm, the cuff falling back to reveal the gun in his hand.
Stíofán snorted. “Why would I? He keeps giving you sweet foods, means I don’t have to.”
“Sorry.”
“You’re--oh,” Steve said, looking down at where their hands were joined. He didn’t say anything, just sat there for a moment, long enough that Tony frowned.
“It may as well be,” Tony muttered. Then they both turned as they heard the bell above the bakery door. “I got it.”
“That’s nice. Have any of those overinflated omegas invited you for tea? Took them a year to offer to me, and by then I’d already decided they weren’t worth knowing.”
Steve lined up his rifle from his spot on the hill.
His heart was beating like a rabbit’s, nervous in a way he hadn’t been since the first time he’d presented to the board when he’d taken over the company at twenty-one. He checked his watch, counting down the minutes, until he took his sunglasses out and slipped them on, relishing the feeling of protection they gave. He looked to Pepper, who nodded, and then he stood up, wandering over to their guard.
Steve nodded. “It was. Gave me a reason to remember this was my home now I guess. Meeting normal people, just living their lives. It was very grounding.” There was a slight shadow over his expression and it made Tony ache to see it.
“Oh, I know. That’s why we’re going to ask Pepper.”
There was a thud and Stíofán felt his heart clench as he turned the corner.
He was cute, Tony thought, really cute. Pretty blue eyes, soft blond hair and his smile. His smile made him light up, and Tony had the thought that he liked being the cause of it.
It was hard to see - Peter was usually so full of energy.
“You got eyes on it?”
was left unsaid but couldn’t have been any more present in his tone.
“If you’re sure. God, what a mess. I really am sorry. I’m late for a meeting, and I got a bit of tunnel-vision.”
“That’s not the only intimidating pair I’ve got.”
“No, I was just worried about both of you. I’ll make sure to apologise to Daddy. Don’t you worry.” He bounced him on his hip. “How about we go see if the tea house has any cake hmm?”
“Not that one no,” Sam grinned. “I made him actually choose her properly. But he’d basically been visiting shelters since his words appeared, and he’d just gotten more…cavalier in his opening line.”
“Rare though,” Maybe-George added. “Most people are deluding themselves.”
Alpine meowed.
The sheriff went about the last of the chores while Tony prepared for bed. When he finally joined him, he stood with his hands on his hips and looked at Tony. “Now, I seem to remember a certain someone comparing me to a hog.”
Steve walked back into their room, pulling on his clothes and grabbing his badge from the dresser.
So, instead of mentioning anything, he decided to go visit Doctor Banner.
Tony looked at him, almost pleading as if demanding Steve fix it, and Steve smiled. “Well, the Doc says we can go home, as long as you're a good boy and stay in bed for a few days.”
Tony felt a little better, taking a few more bites of the sweet bread. “I’m going to do better. I swear it.”
Yup, this was the right choice, definitely. And if he kept saying it, he’d believe it, he was sure.
His alpha was bare, Tony realised. And his...
Jarvis would tell him to be brave: he was sure of it. And so even though it was dark, he changed out of his cleaning grab, putting on his corset and town clothes. He tugged on his coat, fetched a lamp, and started the walk to town.
“I was thinking, and considering the current situation, maybe I should just remain here. Seems like a pretty good call. But uh, you can do whatever you need to do.”
And then Bucky got to watch as 200-pounds of muscle tried to work out where his arms should go.
“As many times as you can make me.”
It only lasted a moment, and Antonius was blinking up at him.
Tony let his hand drop, instead intertwining their fingers. “I don’t mind. Hell, I’ll even lie for you and say you were saving a cat from a tree or something.”
The guy was carrying what had to be a canvas wrapped up and Tony pointed, mouthing ‘art show?’ as he did.
“Right” Steve offered, giving him a smile. Ant colony in a city. How about that?
Tony nodded. “I will.”
“Amazing! I rode it over here to test it, and it was great.” He looked at Tony. “But I bet with a little boost she could be even better.”
“I said, sit back down, or I’ll make you sit down, and you won’t like my methods.”
Tony scowled. “There’s molten metal! Rhodey can’t work if he’s having to constantly check one of them isn’t underhoof.”
“That’s really something. I’ve never seen that before.”
“The mattress is fine,” Maria said, dropping onto it. “Look nice and comfy and no bedbugs in sight.”
“Stop! I cannot listen to this speech again,” Tony whined. “We’re all very grateful you fought the terrifying manticore! But that does not help me make horseshoes!”
“Uhhhh,” Steve said, suddenly looking like he was facing a firing squad. Tony hid a smile behind his hand. “They uhhh…”
“Oh definitely.”
“You got it. May Mars aid you.”
“You old romantic, you,” Tony teased, but he could feel the heat in his cheeks nonetheless. His car pulled up, with Happy in the driver’s seat, eyes boggling at Tony in Steve’s arms.
“Are you going to bleat for me, sweetheart? Let me hear how good it feels?”
“Truth be told, I find it easier with mechanical things.” Tony trailed his hand over a small propeller. “My magic, it makes machines fulfill their purpose to the best of their ability. So, if I build something that is meant to fly, it...flies.”
Steve put Dodger on his leash and walked them out. They were going opposite directions, so they said goodbye there, Steve reiterating again his offer and Tony agreeing to take him up on it.
He lay down on his pallet, watching as Tony washed his face with water and then curled up alongside him. He figured he would go without a blanket, though a chill was settling in. Instead, Tony flicked the blanket out and covered them both, moving so his back was flush with Stíofán’s. It was warm and intimate, and Stíofán fell asleep quickly.
“You have a nice day, Mrs Bonneville.” He tipped his hat to her, before he turned back towards the station, picking up the pace. He could see the smoke now, which meant the train had likely arrived on time.
“Holy shit.”
“I am so proud of you, baby,” Pops said in her ear. “You are going to be incredible.”
“Done,” Bruce stifled another yawn. “Right, I’m off to bed. See you later, Steve.” The doctor gave him a wave as he headed towards the back of the house. Steve nodded to Betty, who was in the kitchen making tea, and stepped into the doctor’s office.
“Thank you, sir.”
He peeked around the door to see the man and his family crowded around the TV.
So he’d just sort of...stopped worrying about it.
And maybe he was in shock. But those eyes. Such a pretty blue. A familiar pretty blue. But that was impossible. Steve was a ninety-pound asthmatic who bruised like a peach and was too clumsy for his own good. Tony was pretty sure the knock to his head and his tragic-break-up feelings were making him see things.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “A kiss huh? Alright. Tell you what, if I win, we get out here.”
. You want keepsakes, we got ‘em.”
“I’m glad. Besides I like spending time with you guys, it’s really nice.”
Tony felt a flutter of excitement, both at the prospect of learning a new skill, especially one that might let him feel like he was flying, and the slight preening of an omega being given such a big gift by his alpha. It was very nice. “Alright, I’d like that.”
“What’s all the fuss about?” Tony called as he walked in the room and turned on the coffee machine. “Thor beat you at MarioKart again?”
Tony resisted the urge to shake the man. “Everyone, don’t you get it? Haven’t you ever dealt with gossip before?”
“Carol left us some water to freshen up and said she’d bring up some breakfast. Then we can go on over and visit, alright?”
“No he didn’t, because he’s too nice and instead gave me some berries he’d picked which was actually worse! He said he was worried I wasn’t getting enough to eat. He’s being very generous letting me work there, and then my two terrors come leaping around his smithy, bouncing off the walls and climbing everything.”
Maybe this was just what their marriage would be.
“You there, big guy,” he called, approaching the man worryingly stroking a semi-automatic. “You think we can get some more water? I’m parched.”
“A woman like that can’t be rushed,” Carol said wisely, taking a gulp of beer.
“You--” Tony squeaked again and Stíofán found he liked it.
in his voice and Stíofán nudged him. “None of that. I don’t know what happens if you do that when you’re this size, let alone if you do it off a donkey.”
Because standing on one side was the new grocer, near red with anger.
Rhodey looked at him again. “Don’t witches wear robes?”
Tony nodded, wanting to see his pup more than anything. He kissed Steve again, grateful as ever that he had him. Everything was going to be ok.
Steve’s mouth twitched in the way Tony knew meant he was trying not to smile. “I volunteer too, at the VA and with underprivileged kids. Keeps me busy.”
. She hadn’t wanted to watch her parents try to balance overly supportive with ‘
“What the fuck? What the ACTUAL fuck,” Tony swore staring up at the sky, as the helicopter flew off into the distance.
Tony’s heart was pounding in his ears, barely able to believe his ears. “You are in love with me?”
In the run-up to the games, Stíofán trained hard.
Stíofán felt a twitch below the belt at the tone, almost an automatic response by now, and realised he did. There was a pulse under his skin that demanded he restate his claim. “I could.”
“Of course. If I might make a suggestion?”
“Oh don’t worry, Sam’s great, he’ll get her roadworthy again.”
“I mean, if you don’t care about the puppies…”
Steve bit his lip, and Tony already knew what he was going to say. “I’m really sorry Tony. I’m going to be-”
Tony’s heart was pounding, but before he could say anything a bunch of SHIELD medics rushed in and put Steve onto a stretcher, shouting orders at each other. He could only watch as they carted him away, staying in his spot until a hand came down on his shoulder.
“Because last time you did that we were gone for the whole afternoon and Rhodey nearly tanned my hide.”
Maria’s life was weird.
He cursed, deciding to ignore manners, and started to run.
As he walked along, broom over his shoulder, he could see people eating their lunch and hanging out on the grass. Clearly it was enough of a crowd pleaser that people were flocking to it.
“What?”
He brought back the little ball of brown and white fur and presented him to Tony with an air of long-suffering. “I got you a wedding gift.”
He’d miss Pepper, and Ana and Jarvis, of course, but he could still write to them, and they’d promised to visit. By then he’d have a fine house to entertain them in, his own household that he would run. He wouldn’t be the child he’d remained in his parents’ eyes. He’d be someone’s omega, and that was something worth a little bravery.
. “I’m sure we can keep you entertained. Perhaps...perhaps I could send for your soldier. I’m sure he’ll be worried when he hears the object of his affection took a tumble.” There, that was not so difficult. It almost felt like a relief to say it. Even if relief felt oddly similar to a knife across his skin.
He felt Tony nod against him, and he moved towards the chair and sat them down. He held Tony tight as he reached out to brush his fingers over the pup’s hand, surprised by the heat he felt coming off him.
“No! Whatever it is, I won’t do it! No chance in hell!”
He took his copy of
“Fine, but I’m not putting him over knee in front of you animals. I’ll deal with my omega in private.” He took Tony’s wrist, pulling him behind him. The omega was too shocked at the turn of events to do anything but allow himself to be led.
They stood, both of them stretching. Steve marked his place in the book before setting it down. Now they would go to bed, and Tony felt himself suddenly quite awake. The night was not over after all.
“Why do you even have an iron baby bjorn?” Sam yelled over the comms as they flew towards the doombots attacking the base of the tower.
It just had such gravitas, and a kind of elegance that planes just didn’t have. He could see why the town was so excited.
“Hi.” Steve offered and gave him a little wave.
Now that he looked the part, he needed to get started.
“So are you staying in town, Steve? Or heading out?”
“Oh really?” Fury asked, raising the eyebrow above his good eye. “Risky business. I thought you were taking the slow and steady route.”
He didn’t know how long he lay there but eventually, there was a soft tap at the door. “Anthony?”
Steve nodded, gritting his teeth and stretching out a hand. They were over the town square now, and as Tony leaned forward to grab him, the dirigible slammed into the town clock tower, coming to a shuddering halt. Tony was almost relieved, but the force of it travelled down the rope, and Steve, only attached by one frantic grip, slid free.
When he’d been at war, he thought he would’ve been happy to finally be back in New York, but well, he’d obviously expected his homecoming to be very different.
“I am so sorry Mrs Bonneville. I can't stop, but if you head on over to the office one of the deputies will be overjoyed to offer you some assistance.” He hoped he didn’t sound too much like he was brushing her off, but the woman was as nosy as anything, and the last thing he wanted was her spreading the news around town. He was hoping to get Tony settled before they had to face that.
Tony blinked. He really hadn’t. He’d sort of stopped thinking about it since he and Steve had had their talk, and he’d been pouring all his attention onto Peter. “No, I admit, I’d sort of lost hope of another pup.”
“You ah, come here often?”
“Thanks, Pops.” She didn’t know what else to say. “I love you.”
“How about we stop forever?”
“Hmmm well. I mean you fixed up our oven really well with that magic of yours, and I can’t say I’ve ever heard of a witch doing that. It’s something special.” He rubbed a hand over his jaw. “You know I bet people would pay for you to keep their machines working. You could start up a pretty good business.”
Steve looked up from his papers to see Clint Barton standing in the door, gesturing for him to follow. “Come on, you're needed at the General Store.” Then he was back out the door leading the way.
“He’s what? Answer me!”
Tony had been sitting at the table while the Sheriff had gone for drinks when an alpha sat opposite him.
“I got a letter,” she said, with appropriate gravitas, and handed him an envelope.
Dad nodded his head. “Yeah of course. Course they are.” The paper was shaking slightly. He swallowed and looked at him. “Oh wow, Stanford. That’s- I can’t believe it. That’s- Oh I am so proud of both of you.”
And it was all Tony’s fears at once. His kid and a dangerous thing in close proximity, his knees almost went weak with the panic that shot through him. But instead of freezing like he had with the cars, this time he shot forward tugging Peter behind him and getting between the kid and the grumpy reptile.
Then a soft snore punctuated the quiet of the room and Tony froze.
“If you change your mind, I’d pay a fair price,” he heard yelled to him as he turned the corner. “Think about it, we all know you’ve been saving.”
“I broke my broom.”
Also I have plans for a little bonus chapter - a small bleat-quel if you will - so make sure you’re subscribed so you don’t miss it! ♥️♥️
The sheriff reached for him. “Anthony I-”
J.J snorted. “Wow, thanks Riri,” he said, heading into the bathroom. “Dad ordered pancakes if you want them.”
said looking around the room. “Sorry to come after closing but I heard you had a magic till or something?” He clearly missed Tony tucked in the corner, his gaze circling in on the till.
Steve swallowed, the devastation written clearly on his face. “If that’s what you think is best.”
Because that? That was hot.
It seemed to work, Tony’s hands uselessly trying to grab the wall to keep him upright as he cried out.
It should’ve been embarrassing, but all it did was fill Tony with a hot glow. He tugged at Steve, who let himself be pulled until he was atop him again. “Come on then darling. Time for you to make me your husband for real, hmm?”
“It’s no problem. I wouldn’t let anything happen to him.”
But when he tried to make his excuses, Tony simply nudged him towards a chair, telling him to hang around, and he put Jemison in his lap to hold him in place. He spent a nice afternoon in the quiet bookshop, perusing the books that were piled near him and listening to Tony talk to suppliers and customers. The waitress from next door, Darcy he found out, kept bringing him ever more complicated drinks, smiling when Tony whined at the lack of special treatment for him.
“Rhodey!” Tony hissed. “I’m so fucked.”
Steve snorted and leaned up to give him a peck. “I’ll do my best. But in the meantime, I hope you’re ready for hotdogs at Nathan’s and a romantic walk along the boardwalk.”
“Well, it’s no University of Wakanda,” T’Challa muttered and Maria rolled her eyes.
“Apparently it isn’t,” Tony said, raising a brow at him. He ran a grease-covered hand through his hair and S’Teve found his eyes drawn to it. His cheeks felt warm, and he knew Tony would be able to see the tell-tale green.
“Steve?”
“You were worried? About me? I thought my armour was the best in the world.”
And they’d only grown closer since Stark Tower had become Avengers Tower, hanging out in Tony’s workshop, watching movies, going to baseball games (more for Steve’s benefit than Tony’s), and going out for food.
He’d left Peter to draw, returning to stand vigil outside Mr Rogers’ quarters, awaiting verdict from the doctor. He wondered if he should send for Mr Rogers’ beau, if he might not find it a comfort to have him here. But the selfish part of him knew he could not, that it would hurt too much to see it.
Antonius blinked. “Oh. That’s--wow.” He flushed a very pretty pink.
attached. She only got one shot at a first impression and she was going to rock it.
But everything was too bright. Nothing tasted right anymore, and…
He finished the last one and looked up at the face of the barely-holding-in-his-excitement kid in front of him. “Yes?”
“What deal? What deal did you make with Fury?”
Tony felt a huge wave of emotion and had to stop the tears from coming. He wasn’t going to have a repeat of last time on his hands! “I love you too, Steve.”
Sam gave him a long suffering wave. “I’ll finish my drink and see you at home.” He sighed, but he seemed amused. “Honestly this is one of our quieter Friday nights.”
“It’s really fine, I swear,” Tony offered, looking down at the mess on the floor. “We’re not going to be popular with the cleaning staff though.”
.' His heart pounded as he opened his mouth to voice it, but before he could there was a shout from down the street.
by H.G. Wells. I picked it on a whim, but seeing as it turns out you like the sciences, maybe it was fate.”
“Mom, I know,” Tony told her. “I’ll be careful. I promise.” He hugged her, letting her squeeze him tight before he shook hands with his father.
Tony squeaked, head-turning urgently to stare as Stíofán went back for a second lick. The slick had an intoxicating flavour, and he began to kiss at the puckered skin as though it were lips.
Steve nodded again. “Just needed to get out. New York wasn’t like I remembered.” Jemison meeped, and Steve reached out to pat her, smiling when she purred.
Steve had worked in several houses, with a number of children born into wealth, and although he often bonded with them, their parents usually remained aloof. They were kind enough to him, treated him well and gave him nice accommodations, but rarely was he more than a guest. Not so in the Stark household. Instead, he ate dinner with Mr Stark and Peter every night in the smaller dining room, and more often than not, Jarvis joined them making them a very merry party. When Peter was sent to bed, unless he had business calling him away, they would spend the evening playing cards or sitting in simple companionship as they read.
“Well,” Tony said finally. “If you insist on going through with this ridiculous idea, then I’m helping.”
“I know,” Tony agreed, his voice barely a murmur. “You go tell them the plan. I’ll make some noise in five minutes.”
But Tony was clearly only into pretty omegas if the internet was anything to go by, and, well. Steve looked like and acted like an alpha. A big strong alpha at that. It just wasn’t in the cards.
“This way I can’t take up all the bed, and if I snore you can give me a nudge in the stomach,” the alpha said, sounding slightly breathless. “This alright?”
He came around the kitchen island, sweeping them both up in a hug. “I knew I didn’t raise two bright kids for nothing.”
Tony hummed. His hand came up to brush over Stíofán’s horns which had flourished without constantly being butted during training. “You do have a fine pair of horns. Very intimidating.”
“We’re free,” Stíofán said, and it felt so strange to say it out loud. “Tony, we did it. We’re free.”
Tony shook his head. “I’m fine. Carry on.”
“You need to go to the doctor’s,” Nat told him patiently, her hand patting his arm. “Come on Sheriff, I need you to get your head on straight, there’s a couple of people who need you something fierce.”
“Oh, my alpha is sooo busy looking after this town that he didn’t have time to come home. So I’m just making sure he doesn’t waste away, poor thing,” Tony tittered sweetly. God, he was laying it on thick.
He looked up at the Sheriff, who was frozen in the doorway. Tony was pretty sure he was going to cry.
“That’s -- You-- How?!”
The park was fairly quiet, far from the bustle of the summer months. As they walked through a wooded area, Peter pointed out rocks and plants and Tony did his best to answer questions, but really biology wasn’t his specialty.
Steve flushed. “Sometimes. Other times, he has to lie to his boyfriend because his job is a matter of national security, and he’s not allowed to say anything no matter how many times he argues with his boss.”
“I don’t ask for the blessings of Rome’s gods,” Stíofán shot back. “I have my own.”
“You were very impressive, by the way,
Steve felt his face heat at the thought of what Bucky - or god forbid, Pepper - might consider a sexy costume. “Who made you the expert?” he asked faintly, and Bucky shrugged.
“Oscar, huh? I like it. Sounds like the perfect little gentleman this house needs.”
Ah. Yes. Those had been Ana’s contributions – the older omega loving but practical. She’d done as he had after all: left home to marry someone far away. If anyone knew what to do, it was her.
“Why do you--”
“Mr Rogers, please. I am all for propriety, but I think we may suspend it so that I might save you from perishing in this awful weather, don’t you?”
“And where are you in such a rush this morning?” Mr Murphy asked.
But she also knew that if she got into trouble or if the same thing happened to her, she’d be welcomed home with open arms.
Tony blushed. “It wasn’t anything special. Anyone could’ve thought of it.”
Steve snorted. “Yeah, he’s a brave little guy. You’re doing a great job, Tony.”
“Oh, ummm--”
Steve came to lie beside him, looking very smug, but for once Tony couldn’t fault him. “Did you like it?” he asked, his tone suggesting he knew the answer already.
Steve looked at him for a moment, an odd expression on his face. “I guess I should just go then.”
“And if he breaks his arm what then? Or falls and punctures a lung?”
They both turned to see Bruce and Natasha in the doorway, the latter raising an eyebrow at the potted plant at Steve’s bedside. Tony jumped to his feet and pointed at her, rage boiling up in him hot and sharp.
“What?”
Tony turned back to Steve, opening his mouth to say something, but the man beat him to it.
He noted down all the information he would need and let Mr Barnes know he’d have a Stark Pet Prosthetic™️ for Alpine in a week for fitting, and arranged a time.
Tony grabbed his sleeve. “Steve, what’s happening?”
S’Teve felt a flush of something he couldn’t immediately identify. Shame, he realised. He was prying, for his own gain. “Of course. I apologise.”
Obviously it was nice. There was something really reassuring about knowing your soulmate would love you from the get go. But at the same time, what kind of weirdo said ‘love you’ to a complete stranger?
“You don’t know that! It could get worse, you could--” Stíofán swallowed. He couldn’t say it. Couldn’t face the idea that he might wake up and Tony wouldn’t be here with him.
And needless to say, that fiery spirit didn’t end outside the bedroom.
It was still dark, and he could see the moon still high in the sky through the gap in the curtain. He frowned, his hand moving till he came into contact with the source of the heat.
Tony opened his mouth to answer when there was a shout from the back. The man smiled again, holding up a finger. “Sorry, just a minute.”
“Piss off Hodges,” the man said, scowl deepening. “And don’t touch my fucking bike.”
Agreeing to sign up to this blind date service was meant to be a chance at something new, not an opportunity for the universe to dig up his past and tear his heart out in the middle of a moderately priced Manhattan restaurant.
“Dislocated arm isn’t a thing: that’s joints. And it’s just a minor sprain. The doctor says it’ll probably be fine by tomorrow.”
“Looks like it. I’m glad, it’ll be nice to see you again.” Steve’s smile faltered and he looked embarrassed. “Not that we’ll be hanging out, I just meant maybe in a context where I’m not on top of you.” He went redder. “Oh god, I mean—“
“You’re going to be fine,” Tony told him fiercely. “I have made you armour fit for the gods, and you will be fine. We will walk out of here together.”
Tony stared at the basin, a feeling of dread settling in the pit of his stomach. He hadn’t been knotted. He’d made a mess of his
Tony raised an eyebrow. “A gift? We’ve been married a little too long for that, don’t you think?”
“I know, I followed the story. I’m sorry.”
“It’ll be Doctor Pipsqueak in a few years.”
One of his old colleagues had found their match. And gross, there was a whole cutesy story about how they’d been in the same building for months but like magic, the printer had jammed on a major project and they’d had to work late, and met their soulmate who was on the cleaning crew. It was all so
Steve stood ready to leave and Tony swallowed. “Ok. Be safe.”
Rhodey came in from out in front. “We’ve hit a lull. How’s it looking in here?”
“As long as you do too.”
It was in desperate need of a clean, so Rhodey and Sam had offered him the couch for the first night. Tony barely had the time to appreciate the softness of the cushions before he had dropped off, sleeping soundly till the sun came up, the soft light flitting through the curtains.
“You’ve been out of the ice for less than a year. It felt too soon.” Tony rubbed at his jaw, fingers brushing distractingly over his goatee. “Well, Rhodey said it was probably too soon, and I should give you time. I was waiting to see how you felt about the whole thing, figured you’d let us all know when you were up for dating again.”
Stíofán grunted as the passage tightened around him, always so slick and warm. Truly no buck could be luckier than him. “That’s it. Let me feel that tail wag, sweet thing.”
He tried to shake off the usual sick feeling soulmate announcements always left him with, and stepped inside for an evening of cheap wine and paint splashed on canvases pretending to be meaningful.
Tony went out to the pump to get some water, bringing it inside and dipping a cloth in it. He wrung it out, draping it over Peter’s brow to cool him.
“Maybe.”
“Sif said Thor threatened her RA.”
His eyebrows shot up his forehead. “Is this- Steve!” He got up and leaned out the back door. “Steve, come here quick!”
And everyone was gone. Everyone.
She dipped a fry into her ketchup. “I feel sort of bad for springing it on them. But, I’m not sure I could’ve dealt with this longer than we had to.”
Bucky groaned. “You’re not supposed to
Tony narrowed his eyes, about to tell Steve exactly where he could shove it -
“Of course it does. After all it’s. Good. For a plant.”
He’d changed trains at Sacramento, taking the smaller line to Brooklyn Junction, where he hoped there’d be someone waiting to pick him up. God, please let someone be there to pick him up.
“Sorry ma’am, but the man next to you just slipped something in your drink.”
He was Captain America, and that was all he could ever be.
“I suppose you’re- Five?!” Tony squawked, then lowered his voice. “You better hope that’s not true or I’ll kick you out of my bed till we’re old and grey.”
Maria felt her eyes prick a little. Oh. Pops hadn’t been fine with them leaving at all.
“I’m Steve,” Steve said, a wide grin taking over his face. He looked over at the counter where a woman with red hair was watching them with wide eyes. She caught Steve’s eyes and grinned, tipping her head towards the door.
Tony felt the relief sweep through him as everything fell into place. They were going to do it! And god, how had he not thought to ask if Alpine could do it? She was perfect. The stress must've gotten to him more than he thought.
His stomach grumbled. He was pretty hungry. But oh, that meant his alpha had prepared the morning meal and done the chores Tony was meant to do. It was his first day as omega of the house, and he hadn’t done a thing. Shame burned in his cheeks, but he took the food with thanks and took a seat when it was pulled out for him.
He was struck on the other side, nearly spinning around as the weight of his bag was caught in the pull of gravity. He was jostled as people moved past, seemingly uncaring that they were almost knocking him over. He flung himself to the side to escape the crowd and pressed himself up against the wall of an alley.
Steve gave Tony a full tour of the town.
“They not feed you at the Stables?”
“I said, anyone who thinks that is a moron,” Steve repeated because he was a lot of things but a coward wasn’t one of them.
“Slow, but that’s my fault.” She sighed dramatically. “I’m too much of a perfectionist. But what I can tell you is that stripes will be big.”
“I have to, there’s not another option.”
“Really Tony, I’m fine,” Steve protested as Tony fluffed his pillows for the third time.
Tony rolled up the sleeves of his robes. “Then I’d better get to work.”
“Sure,” Tony agreed with a smile, and Steve flagged down the bartender.
The doe looked up at him, gaze heated. “I believe there was something else you said you’d like,” Antonius said, and then his head was dipping down to Stíofán’s lap and --- oooh yes.
“I know. But isn’t it better to be safe here than out in some dusty, rundown old shack in the middle of nowhere?”
And well, Tony considered himself a pretty capable guy, but there was something kind of...hot about knowing your boyfriend had just beaten up a bunch of guys to rescue you. He felt like he should ask about them, about what this meant for them now: could they have a future after all? But what came out instead was, “so how much can you lift anyway?”
She gave him a curious look, but ever the professional, a smile spread over her face as she shook Steve’s hand, promised to send over the paperwork, and disappeared down the hall.
He caught Steve rolling his eyes but offering his arm nonetheless, and as he took it, he propelled them forward, making his way over to the group of omegas chatting on the corner. When he reached them, he fanned a little harder. “Good afternoon.”
Tony willed himself not to flush with embarrassment. He hated the idea that other people might know that he’d made a mess of their bonding: something that was supposed to be impossible given how keen alphas always were for it. He turned his face away slightly, not wanting it to be obvious, but was saved by Steve speaking up.
Tony turned to see the gaggle of omegas he’d overheard at the store. “Good afternoon,” he offered politely.
“That ought to teach you,” Steve said, raising his voice a little and giving Tony a wink. He rolled his sleeve back down, hiding the evidence, and opened the door to let them out.
Tony nodded. “It’s my Witch’s Journey.”
Tony raised an eyebrow, and Steve seemed to remember he was talking to the owner of the company and flushed. “Sorry, I mean—“
“Yes, I’m fine.” The doe looked around the room. “I suppose this is my new home.”
In the afternoon he grabbed his broom, Jarvis burrowing into his robes, and flew out over the city, out into the rolling green hills. It was beautiful out here, the smell of grass heavy on the air.
“Steve…”
“Your omega hit me!”
“I want to surprise him,” Steve protested and Bucky grinned.
“Something else on your mind?”
“I don’t think that will be a problem for us, but thank you for your concern. Anyway, I must go. I’d hate for his meal to go cold while I’ve been standing around gabbing. You Om’s have a nice day.”
His blood froze like ice in his veins. His body locked and he stood stock-still. “Umm.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey! What did you do that for?” The women asked, looking angry.
But then he noticed the tremor in Tony’s body, the stress behind his relieved expression, and he realised he had a more important job to do than making himself feel better.
- ordering an americano and a tasty looking doughnut before settling at a table in the corner with his laptop. He’d had an idea for a replacement wing for birds who had lost theirs in an accident or a fight, that was light enough to keep them aerodynamic.
Steve snorted. “Yeah, well feels like a
Clearly Rhodey wasn’t the only soft one, Tony thought, and told him so, making Sam chuckle. “Hey don’t forget, I was also trained to kill, and I can fly fighter jets.”
The pup made a soft whine, but didn’t open his eyes. “Hey, come on, open your eyes for daddy huh?”
Tony slipped his hands in his pockets, trying to look unconcerned. Out the corner of his eye, he could see Pepper helping Melanie up and out the door. She’d removed her heels, making their movement almost silent.
He would not be defeated. He wouldn’t.
“Da,” Hugh said, sounding worried. “Ma threw up.” He pointed to a clay pot on the ground.
“That would be nice,” he finally managed, feeling a thrill when Tony’s face lit up in a smile. “I really appreciate that.”
Tony was in a pretty good mood as he carried the coffee and snacks towards the conference room, humming to himself as he went. He pulled out his phone to check his emails, so he was distracted as he neared the elevators, trying to read through the latest report on the arc reactor project.
The pull of gravity shifted, and they soared up, almost hitting a nearby building as they did, and crashing to the ground in an untidy heap. It hurt, but nowhere near as much as hitting the ground properly would’ve. Tony rolled to his knees, eyes flicking around frantically for Steve until they landed on him a few feet away. “Steve!”
“At least this time I will be cosy and not on the back of that horrid donkey or being mounted in the wilds by some savage,” Tony said with a yawn. “I will have a nice bed and nice things to eat.”
“Benefits of being friends with a Stark,” Tony said, still staring unable to believe it.
Rhodey shook his head. “He was sick. I gave him some ale but it didn’t help and then he got dizzy.”
“What’s that?” Carol asked, pointing to the metal tube.
Tony’s expression darkened. “And I’m not sure you should be walking to your death for the sake of a dream, but here we are. So if you do this, you have to let me do my part.”
“Yes, he--oh! That’s right! Didn’t I hear you do a little science yourself? Old Mr Lee was singing your praises, said you used a magic potion to burn through the cart and saved Mr Maximoff’s life. Magic potion I found a bit far fetched – an acid I assume?”
“How is AA going?” she asked, ignoring him.
Tony was grateful that Happy had found him an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting that was meant for higher profile public figures. The last thing he needed was the ugly details of his life’s current status to get leaked out for mass consumption.
“We did…but…it doesn’t just go back to how it was overnight. We agreed to start hanging out more again, but it takes time,” Tony lamented. “And I’ve never been a patient person.”
“I’m sorry,” he finally broke, voice hoarse and wavering.
“But—Rhodey’s his best friend,” he protested, not catching on.
Tony wiped the final tears of laughter off his face and turned to look at Steve. He quirked one eyebrow, “Yes?”
Anger he knew was irrational.
“Wait, you too?” Tony jumped in surprise, looking at Rhodey as if he had just revealed a crime.
Pepper leaned forward and placed a firm kiss on his forehead.
Down on the ground Steve and Thor were fighting back-to-back—Stormbreaker in Thor’s hands and Mjolnir in Steve’s. The Chitauri did not stand a chance against their coordinated attacks and swings. The lightning show was magnificent from above—Tony was constantly in awe by Thor’s thunderous might and now Steve’s, too. Part of him resented Steve’s worthiness for wielding the god ordained hammer, but the other part of him was not surprised by it in the slightest. If anyone besides Thor was worthy, it was Steve Rogers.
“But you don’t even know Tony,” Steve replied.
Imagine the headlines, he grimaced at the thought.
“But I’m used to your idiocy, I should take it into account.”
“Oh, we know,” Bucky laughed.
“Sounds good, see ya later!” Tony shouted, pretending to busy himself behind one of his work benches.
“Pep,” he whispered.
Nat had helped Steve pick out his suit—a nice dark blue one with a white shirt and black tie with subtle red accents woven in. As he glimpsed his reflection in a window Steve was surprised to recognize that he felt confident in this outfit. Normally fancy clothes left him feeling out of place and back on the streets of Brooklyn begging for food, but Nat knew what she was doing. This felt like him.
“Oh, sorry Sam.” Steve blinked and adjusted his focus back on his friend. “I got lost in thought.”
“You need to sleep,” he whispered, breathless.
Steve clasped his hands together in a praying form and apologized before walking into the room. Natasha just rolled her eyes before retreating back to her room.
“I’m fine, Tony. Really.”
Steve was simply happy to have been able to provide Tony some comfort.
When Steve started to deepen the kiss, his tongue sweeping across Tony’s lips, Tony broke away chuckling. He patted him on the cheek, grinning. “We’re not done just yet, big guy. We still have another stop before you pounce on me.”
“How are you doing?” Adam pushed.
Tiberius laughed and called the waitress back over.
Tony stared down at the art in his hands, mouth hanging open a bit, and eyes sparkling. He turned it over in his hands a few times, looking at it from every angle, before making eye contact with Steve again. There was a subtle blush on his face when he spoke, “This is beautiful Steve. You’re really talented. If this superhero stuff ever gets boring, I’ll get you a job in animation or something. Disney loves me.”
Nat obviously saw his internal struggle, because she said, “Tony, sometimes the things we do to protect ourselves actually end up hurting us more than they help. Sometimes we think being closed off keeps the pain out, but really, it just keeps it in.”
“You ready?” Steve whispered. Tony nodded.
“Tony…she uh, she told Bruce—she told us that she moved out with Morgan. And that you guys have filed for a divorce. That sounds like a big deal,” Steve’s voice was soft, but stern at the same time. He was trying to simultaneously convey his concern and the gravity of the situation.
“Is he still here?” Nat asked, trying to distract from the fact that Steve looked like a kicked puppy. “Ty?”
Before anyone could speak, he flopped down on the couch and held up a hand. “I know. I fucked up. But if it makes anyone feel any better, this hangover has been hell and really put me off alcohol instead of making me miss it. I don’t plan on drinking again.”
“Are you okay, Tony?” Steve asked, holding his hand gently against Tony’s back and staring down at him with worried eyes.
“Because I know if I don’t push you, we’ll be here for six hours, and while I love spending time with you Tones,” and at that Tony made a face. “No—really, I do. But after decades of friendship the cat and mouse game is pretty old.”
Tony groaned. “I never go to things I’m supposed to. I’ll just say I’m sick.”
Internally, Tony’s heart was hammering against his ribs. He was alternating between embarrassment from almost eating shit again and being captivated by how wonderful Steve smelled—he smelled like petrichor, that beautifully refreshing and hopeful scent after it rained, and it was the single most intoxicating thing he had ever experienced.
“Plus, you forget, Steve has been in the public eye for a long time now. He’s had to deal with his fair share of headlines being with the Avengers.”
Steve flushed red at the compliment.
“This is the nicest thing someone has ever done for me, Tony,” Steve whispered, turning to face him with tears running down his cheeks. “That you think my art is worth this—to be seen by other people? I love it. Thank you.”
“Because for a majority of the time you’ve known Steve, you’ve been in a relationship with Pepper. And you wouldn’t dare cheat on her. So, you’ve assumed your crush was just your usual flirtatious behavior,” Rhodey explained. “Which is entirely fair and plausible. But as a recent divorcee, your options are open again and you can’t play dumb anymore.”
Tony frowned, turning to look at Peter in return.
He knew the significance of this moment was not lost on either of them—an intimate rendezvous literally a decade in the making—just moments away. He knew that was why he was so damn nervous, because this meant so damn much to him. Also, Steve’s body was carved like a god’s and Tony—well, he was covered in scars and not nearly as in shape as he used to be—he would be lying if he said he wasn’t a tad self-conscious.
“Am I an Avenger?”
“Excuse me?”
Tony tactfully slotted his leg between Steve’s—pressing his thigh against the prominent arousal in Steve’s pants. Steve let out a gasp that melted into a moan and Tony took the opportunity to draw him into another kiss. Except Tony was insistent on being rougher as he nipped at Steve’s lips, biting his bottom lip and pulling at it.
A laugh barked out of Tony.
Immediately, Tony retreated to his workshop—his ultimate place of solace and comfort. Whenever he needed to figure something out he took refuge there. He started to work on updates to his suit in hopes of distracting himself from the implications of what Bucky said. Tony was an expert at avoiding his emotions and his primary tactic was burying himself in work, but his thoughts kept nagging at him this time. Eventually he gave up trying to work, sitting at his bench with blue holographic renderings all around him, staring blankly beyond them.
“I know,” she replied.
“Be yourself,” Sam had said, as if it were that simple.
“You’re beautiful,” Steve said, beating Tony to it.
“If Thor had shared his toys sooner, maybe it wouldn’t have taken so long,” Steve joked, elbowing Thor in the side who returned the gesture tenfold.
“So do you, Tony. You know, relaxation looks good on you,” Steve responded. “You should try it more.”
“They’re—um—they’re my old family photos. And an old sketchbook of mine—before, from before, I was Captain America,” Steve whispered. He handed a few of the photos over to Bucky and Nat to look at. There was even a photo of him and Bucky from before either of them joined the military. God—he had forgotten how tiny he was before the serum. It made his stomach knot up a little bit knowing that his friends now could see photographic evidence of how scrawny he looked. But the photos were an absolute treasure that previously were most certainly lost and destroyed.
“I know, I’m sorry—I just really like kissing you. I’ve been wanting to do it for over a decade. It’s hard to stop now that I can,” Steve replied, sheepishly looking away as he blushed—which only made Tony grin like a fool.
“Kay.”
He felt exposed. Uncomfortable. The second Nat was done explaining the mysterious Tiberius Stone, Steve sprinted out of the room and off for a run. He felt her investigative stare and needed to be free from it. He resented being analyzed without his permission. And hell, he knew when it came to Tony his poker face was not nearly as proficient as it should be. Sometimes he missed his ability to be stone faced, the way he was when he first met Tony, when all they did was bicker and lob insults back and forth. At least back then no one could read his feelings on his face with ease.
Every drink turned down the volume on Tony’s self-destructive thoughts. The burn of the amber liquid steadied him—it gave him just enough, a drop’s worth of ability, to go on. As a teenager the fire of alcohol used to make him recoil, but now Tony craved its singe as it poured down his throat. It felt like home.
“God—yeah. How stupid of us not to take advantage of this.”
“He just left, actually. I took over because he’s been at your beside for the last ten hours—since you got out of surgery, that is,” she responded. “I made him leave to go clean up and get some rest. He hadn’t even changed out of his uniform.”
“And why do you think you’re mad at yourself?” Adam prodded, helpfully guiding Tony along in his thought process.
“Why haven’t we been doing that all along?” Tony breathed out, chuckling slightly.
But then he remembered—Tony wasn’t his. No matter how much he wanted him to be or how much Steve already felt like he was Tony’s. But it was Steve’s fault that he was here alone and not as Tony’s date. If he were Tony’s date then he would have every right to punch those asshole suits in the face—but he wasn’t.
He squinted up at the bag on the I.V. stand: Fentanyl.
Tony shrugged, walking further down the hallway and closer to Steve so there was just about a foot between them. He did his best to ignore the stark physical differences between himself and Steve, but when they were this close, it was hard to push aside. Steve was taller, his muscles practically had their own gravitational pull, and his baby blue eyes were polar opposite to Tony’s chocolate brown ones.
“Obviously, Tony. I said I wasn’t dating anyone.”
“Tony has had the hots for you since 2012—and now that he’s single that desire is a raging wildfire, my friend. You were reading the signals correctly, but Tony Stark hates himself and probably convinced himself you are going to reject him. So, he ran away,” Bucky explained. “You shoulda kissed him, man.”
He unraveled himself from Steve’s body, who willingly let him go, because the bastard was too damn respectable to try and get him to stay. Tony briefly wondered what he would have done if Steve had protested, even a bit. He knew himself well enough to know he would not have the resolve to turn Steve down if he had asked for more. God—who could turn down a literal Adonis with those flushed and red lips that were, literally, begging to be kissed more? Tony was not that strong.
Once Friday announced that Tiberius has been picked up by the car, Tony stood up and stomped his way to his room, promptly slamming the door shut and ordering Friday not to let anyone in.
And suddenly, it was all too much.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is here,” Friday announced.
“I don’t have the faintest idea,” Rhodey answered, hiding his smirk behind his mug when Tony looked away.
“Man, I’ve never wanted to picture your sex life and I don’t want to do it now.”
“You mess with Tony Stark again, I will break more than your nose.”
Steve let out one more sob before pulling back to look Tony in the eyes.
Steve crossed the room to where Tony was. He stood tall and confident—emitting all of this Captain America energy. When he came to stand next to Tony the suits trying to get something out of him visibly shrank. Steve knew how to make his presence intimidating when he needed to, but thankfully Tony somehow knew it was not directed at him. Instead, Tony seemed to have formed an amused smirk at Steve’s antics and overprotectiveness.
“Wait—wait a minute,” Tony continued. He truly had no idea how to shut up. “Cap, are you a virgin?”
By the time everyone—save for Tony, who was always a late riser—woke up and made their way to the kitchen, Steve had made an impressive spread of everything from pancakes to bacon and eggs and a parfait bar.
“The plan is strategically placed mistletoe above Tony’s doorway after he leaves his room to head to the party.”
Steve frowned.
Tony was not a man prone to nervousness or anxiety when interacting with his teammates. In fact, that was one area of his life that he was normally fearless in. The few times he could remember being nervous in regards to the Avengers almost always had to do with Steve.
Tony looked up at him, dark circles under his eyes, and sweat glistening all over his skin. He stared for a few long, hard moments as if he was not sure if Steve was real or not. His heart was pounding violently in his chest and his hands were trembling uncontrollably. Finally, he got the courage to speak up again, “No. Really bad nightmare. Really bad.”
“What do you mean?”
The smell of Tony—motor oil, coffee, and mint—was intoxicating. Whenever Tony’s calloused fingers brushed against his own it made his heart jump in his throat. Yeah—this was different.
“Goodnight Tony,” Peter replied, smiling softly, and closing the bedroom door as he left.
“Tony, please tell me you believe. Please say something,” he pleaded, still on his knees, arms still around Tony, looking up at him now with desperation and hope in his eyes. “Do you trust me?”
“You know Sharon is off the table Sam. You know we tried—after the snap—you know it didn’t work.”
Dear Tony,
Steve’s cheeks went red. “You didn’t look too bad yourself.”
“What are you drawing?” Tony’s voice startled Steve out of his zone and he immediately snapped the sketchbook shut to hide his work in progress of Tony welding.
“Peter—I got irresponsibly drunk when I brought you here for the family dinner and I promptly fell apart. I was responsible for watching over you, getting you home, and I failed. You deserve better from me. I should have never put any of that on you—I’m trying to say sorry. I’m sorry,” Tony explained.
Tony’s body is the first to shudder into release—moaning Steve’s name over and over as he comes. Steve keeps rocking into him, losing any semblance of coherence he had left, babbling about how much he loved him. The feeling coils firmly in Steve’s groin and the explodes without warning. He shivers, forehead resting on Tony’s shoulder, gripping so hard on his hips that his fingers leave marks.
“Hey, Mr. Self-Sacrifice, no moving for you yet. You’ve got that giant nasty wound on your left thigh and it just got stitched up. You rip that sucker open and it only gets worse from there.”
He held up his hand, lifting a finger as he listed each name. “Rumiko. Pepper. And Steve Rogers.”
Tony smirked.
“You’re full of shit and you’re really lucky I like you,” he grumbled. “I’m just saying—try something with Tony. I promise you’ll be surprised. And at the very least, you’ll know instead of wondering forever.”
Steve walked around her desk and stormed right into the office without another second of hesitation.
Tony paced his room, shucking off his suit jacket and undoing his cufflinks, on edge about something. Steve felt guilty—had he overstepped? Had he upset Tony? That would be just his luck.
“No sign of the Captain yet,” Tony sighed. “But we are early.”
Steve’s cheeks flushed pink, but he did not pull away or back down. Instead, he continued to look Tony directly in the eyes and his hand pushed more firmly against his lower back. This was, apparently, their new normal—testing the waters, pushing the boundaries back-and-forth. It was a game of chicken as they both tried to see who would back away first or who would give in to the temptation.
They stayed up far too late—all giggles and bad horror movies. Thor somehow continually supplying an endless amount of popcorn for everyone to munch on. As the night went on, Tony completely forgot about the incidents from earlier. Or maybe he stopped caring about them altogether.
Bucky sighed. “You
That unexpectedly made Tony’s heart ache. The shock of seeing Steve made him miss the implications of what this meeting meant. That Steve had...moved on.
“Quit hitting me and go over there!”
He heard the bang of a door and turned to see Mr Barton heading his way. He waved politely, walking to meet him at the gate.
“Probably, but I think I can take him.”
He pulled Hugh out, giving him to Bucky before tugging Peadar out, feeling his heart stop when he felt how stiff the kid was. Had he hit his head on the way down?
“What’s going on here?” Tony recognised the voice of Deputy Barnes and felt a surge of relief. At least there was someone with authority who could back his plan instead of standing around gaping.
Steve grabbed his gear and climbed onto Nomad’s back. He needed to be home.
“You might fall, come on, stay on the platform please.”
Steve could have revenge right here, right now, and no one would say he was wrong.
Captain America.
He wanted his soulmate. No matter how much he denied it, thought he could settle, he wanted that. He wanted to have someone look at him and know, no matter what, that they were his.
“By the way,” Steve mumbled against his lips. “We’re not calling our son Planty.”
“It’s fine. I took care of it.”
The kids nodded, Hugh in particular looking interested at the prospect of someone new in the village. “So tomorrow, will you be good for your nana while I help with the building and your Ma works with Rhodey?”
He got rather good when all was said and done, and he bragged shamelessly in his letters home to the Jarvises and Pepper.
Steve’s hand snapped out to grab the man’s throat. “Where is he?”
He felt a touch to his wrist and turned his head to see Pepper looking at him. He raised an eyebrow in question. She tilted her head to the side, and Tony followed it, seeing a door ajar. His heart started pounding. That hadn’t been open before. They must’ve left it open. If Tony and Pepper could distract the thugs guarding them, they could sneak a few people out. His brain was already running through the list, prioritising. They had at least three over sixty, including his P.A. Mrs Arbogast. Melanie from records was seven months pregnant. David in legal was a diabetic, and was already looking pale. If they could get them out, they could make it to the back exit, where hopefully the authorities were waiting.
Tony nodded and tried not to flinch when he felt the hand go higher. He didn’t want his new alpha to think him reluctant. He was enjoying it, this feeling of being wanted, and there was something underneath it all, a flutter low in his belly. He was just anxious, was all. He’d spent his whole life being told to keep people away from anywhere below the waist, and now it was all on offer. He wanted to do well.
“Oh.” The sound was quiet, and Tony didn’t dare move, even as he longed to see the expression on Steve’s face. “So, uh, you know who I am?”
“All true, I assure you.”
At the round of ‘No’s’ she nodded. “Alright, stop hitting each other and go back to your tables or I will throw you all out on your asses. Everyone here needs to buy another drink to make up for the emotional distress I’ve been put through.”
“Sorry, but also not sorry, since Steve is ok,” Tony told him, and Rhodey nodded.
When he thought about it, Tony was pretty sure the first time he had realised he had it bad for Steve was when he watched him stare down a guy who had yelled at the waitress and refused to tip her.
They waited for a moment, and when everything fell silent, Pierce grinned. “There. No one shall stand in our way. Come we’ll take Stark to the--”
As they walked, Tony fretted over what to say. He needed to ensure the Sheriff understood his expectations. He had travelled here and would now live with this man. They needed to be married today, lest anyone make any accusations of impropriety. He cleared his throat, still trying to find the words to voice his worry when the Sheriff spoke.
Tony’s eye pried itself open to glare at him. “I’d forgotten what this feels like and I hate it.”
They’d been busy though, so it had taken Tony a while to realise he wasn’t running to schedule. He was pretty sure Steve hadn’t realised yet either - it was harvest season, and a lot of the labourers from the farms were spending their coin in town, so Steve was working a lot more than usual keeping the peace.
“Not only are you one, you’re the poster child for the rest of us,” she teased, smirking into her coffee cup when Steve finally put his paper down.
“I’m not following.”
It felt like his stomach was being wrung into knots. Tony felt his heartbeat slamming in his throat. Once Tony became conscious of the fact that he was staring, it was too late, he had held his gaze for so long Natasha had caught on.
“Buck, don’t be. I had thought Tony and I made up but—but these are my mistakes he’s upset about. Not yours,” he explained. And then, as if Nat’s comment had just reached his ears, “Wait, jealous?”
“You’re sure?”
“Great—yeah no, I knew that. He never shuts up about you, either,” Bucky retorted and relished the look of surprise on Tony’s face. “What? You didn’t know that? You’re Stevie’s favorite thing since sliced bread.”
“Ughhhh—god,” he groaned, reaching for the glass of water and bottle of Tylenol. He took four.
“What are you two idiots up to?” Bucky yelled, jogging down the stairs and into the kitchen.
“So, how’d the meeting go?” Nat asked, leaning against the wall while Tony beat the life out of the punching bag.
Well, that was not exactly it—he was overthinking it to the extreme—but his excuse whenever Pepper checked in was that he needed more time. More time being sober. More time between the divorce and actually making a move on Steve.
After Steve stabbed his shield into Tony’s chest he had felt his heart actually shatter under the weight of that moment. It was a break up—the worst one he had ever experienced.
Steve never resented Tony after Siberia—he resented himself. Before the Time Heist was put into motion he and Tony had reconciled—or so he thought—but Tony’s comment yesterday afternoon proved otherwise. He supposed that made sense—they did not really apologize or discuss what happened, because it was time to get to work and maybe some toxic masculinity got in the way, too.
“Yeah, actually, it has been driving me pretty crazy watching everyone gawk all over you tonight. We should have sold tickets for your meet-and-greet at the rate our guests have been fawning,” Tony said, his voice lowered and huskier than before.
Maybe talking to Peter was exactly what he needed, maybe not, but either way he was too drunk to know the difference at this point.
They stopped right outside Tony’s room and Steve grabbed onto his elbow, looking down at him with fire burning behind his ocean blue eyes. Something stirred in the base of Tony’s stomach.
Tony pouted, sticking his bottom lip out and crossing his arms over his chest. Suddenly, he felt like a teenager getting into MIT two years early and having Rhodey stick up for him again. Eventually, he relented.
“Get what, Tony?”
Never mind—she was a traitor, too. Steve shot her a look that he hoped communicated his anger and his intention on yelling at her later. She just shrugged.
“Daddy!” she squealed with delight.
“Okay, okay—that’s enough. It’s not like we asked for it to happen,” Steve grumbled, shooting Nat a deadly glare. He then turned to look at Tony, face softening, now earnest. “Do you want to go first or do you want me to?”
“Of course I do Steve—Christ,” Tony replied. He pulled Steve back up to standing and looked up at him with a frown. “I trust you. I trust you and I love you too.”
Steve let go of him, throwing him forward with such force he fell flat on his face. The man scrambled to his feet and gave a meager attempt at leaving the room with dignity. But Steve could not care less—his attention was turned fully on Tony now.
And god, did he hate it. He occasionally thought it was a lot easier when he just got drunk and blindly slept with whoever he could find. Easier—maybe—but significantly unfulfilling and life-draining.
He slowed his pace as he reached one of the main doors to the compound. Though he was not really out of breath, he hunched over, hands on his knees, breathing in deeply. He figured he probably ran over ten miles and it was only sunrise.
Clint at the time had insisted every proper family took home videos, and now, seeing him on-screen brought tears to Tony’s eyes. He had not fully given himself permission to mourn the loss of his arrow wielding friend.
“Okay,” Tony grimaced. “Alright, okay—enough of that. I’m trying to have a serious conversation, believe it or not.”
Steve was in what had become his ‘usual spot’—the old, beat up couch in the corner of Tony’s garage workshop. It was this tan, completely innocuous sofa that had been stuffed in the corner with a coffee table. There was a giant dust-covered box with antenna on a table in front of the couch. A few weeks ago Tony had said the giant box was an antique tv—which sounded to Steve like a pathetic attempt at making really ancient appliances sound appealing.
“Well, I don’t know if you realize, but it is not often the two of use have been in environments where you would show off your second language affinity,” Steve teased right back. “So you’re a regular here? I wouldn’t have expected you to wander around Brooklyn often.”
Steve clapped a hand on Tony’s shoulder and gave him a serious, intense look.
“Yeah—but you’ve got Steve acting like a confused school boy so I would think that even you have reached the point of needing to talk about this,” Rhodey retorted.
“I know, Tony. I know.”
However, he got caught staring.
Tony reached up and ran his fingers through Steve’s hair—it felt as good as he had always imagined it would. He pressed his tongue against Steve’s lips and was pleasantly surprised when Steve opened his mouth to reciprocate. What had started out as a gentle kiss quickly dissolved into a passionate blur—Tony could feel Steve’s hands steady on his hips, their bodies pressing into one another, and the warmth of their lips and breath on their faces. They ravished each other as if the fate of the world depended on it. Their kissed grew in intensity, desperation—and Tony could feel Steve’s eagerness pressing against his hipbone. He knew Steve could feel his, too.
It was his job to deal with it.
“Thank you Thor—that really means a lot,” Bruce said, a few tears welling up in the corners of his eyes. “That’s very thoughtful. I love it.”
“Yeah. I got a tip he was spotted in Boston, but I’m not sure I trust it,” Steve explained. He knew better than to lie to Tony when confronted to directly. And besides, Steve was only really capable of lying by omission.
Maybe that’s exactly why it should happen.
Well, now that it is all out in the open, there is not much left for me to say. Not yet, anyway.
And sure enough, the next evening, Thor burst into the living room with a bushy tree 9 feet tall. It was placed in the corner near the large bay window so that its sparking lights could be seen from outside. Sam and Scott followed closely behind Thor, carrying several boxes of decorations—from ornaments to lights to garlands. The group got to work immediately. Bucky served everyone non-alcoholic warm spiced apple cider while Scott, Sam, and Natasha diligently wrapped the tree in shimmering white lights.
“To be fair, you have a lot of sex,” Steve bargained. “Because you two live together. It’s not like when we were touring and you only got some once a month, if you were lucky—“
“Can you uh…can you stay here? In my room, I mean? I don’t…I don’t want to be alone,” he asked, voice small, timid—two things Steve had never associated with Tony’s voice before.
“Noted.”
“I just don’t want to mess it up now that I have it,” he confessed, staring down at his feet. “Tony clearly thinks this is worth a shot and I just don’t want to let him down.”
“That he’s afraid he’s going to mess everything up between us.”
God Tony—you’re a good man. A great one. Your mind is the definition of brilliance. You’re able to turn anything into something fantastic.
“Actually,” Steve whispered. “Tony, it’s me.”
He nodded, body still shaking from the intensity of their contact, and looked Tony in the eyes with what could best be described as love and uneasiness.
“Oh yes, that does sound familiar,” Tony grumbled. “Apparently I have a thing for hot blondes that also like to bully me into taking care of myself. Ridiculous.”
“Tiberius Stone. Probably Tony’s oldest friend, they met back in boarding school when Tony was seven. They bonded over mutual hatred for their fathers, who conveniently hated each other, and proceeded to stick together. Even went to MIT together,” she explained.
“Because I haven’t loved my ex-wife for a few years now and I pretended that I did. And the pretending wasn’t good enough, because even though we have a daughter, it still fell apart—and that’s all my fault,” Tony spat out, surprised by how little resistance he felt finally confessing this all.
I know we haven’t talked much since that night in Clint’s house. And we especially haven’t talked since everything went down with Ultron. And I guess that’s on me.
moving forward.
Tony eagerly hugged the kid back—god it had been over a month since he had seen him last. And the last time he saw him he was shamefully drunk and off kilter. His heart dropped—he needed to make up for that. And apologize. He seemed to be apologizing a lot lately, but that was probably a sign of growth or some bullshit like that.
“Thank you Natasha—really, you’re a life saver.”
“Tony.”
He parked right in front of the building, not bothering to put anything in the meter—he was not going to be long.
“It’s still at the cabin—I know,” she snapped, before Tony could even chastise her further, frowning at him. “Sorry, I didn’t expect a maniac to attack me while I was peacefully at home.”
“Tony, it’s good to see you,” he said, clearing his throat to make his presence known.
Which meant it was also the first year in a long time that all the Avengers were in attendance.
“You know Steve, you do not give yourself nearly enough credit for how phenomenal you are. I always thought being Captain America would get to anyone’s head—apparently not. You’re not humble, you’re downright self-deprecating. Believe me, I know it when I see it. I created self-deprecating,” Tony said, launching into a speech that Steve had no idea where it was coming from.
“Tony, how did you get these?” he sounded totally dumbfounded.
“I don’t mind waiting,” Peter said, shrugging.
“What! No—that’s not what I was saying,” Tony balked, looking horrified with wide eyes and reaching out to hold onto Steve’s arms.
“Why wouldn’t he tell us?” Steve asked, not bothering to mask the betrayal in his voice.
“Oh, it’s about time. Thank you for joining us,” Rhodey commented.
Captain America was a hero, a leader, and someone to be desired by everyone. But that was a costume and a title, not the true essence of who Steve was. He knew without a doubt that on the inside he was still that scrawny kid from Brooklyn who almost died from the common cold more times than he would care to admit. He was still the kid who needed Bucky to save him from every fight he threw himself into just to prove that he wasn’t weak. And he was still the kid that had to lie to get into the military because even they knew he was not good enough as is.
And then it hit him—Steve only wore that shirt for special occasions. Namely, in the past, dates.
“It was nothing Friday couldn’t handle. She deleted every trace of it off the internet—and will continue to monitor and delete anything else that comes up—and we have effectively shown how slimy and unreliable Mysterio is—should be good to go.”
“Yes.”
“You know, I’m really proud of you Tony.”
“Aw, Rhodey, that’s not fair,” Tony whined. “I totally take you to nice places just for fun.”
“No way, Cap. Go outside and see for yourself,” he teased.
“What did he get you?” Scott asked, unable to stand the mystery any longer.
“Tony, stop—“
“Tony…,” he whispered, his eyes fluttering shut.
“Oh god—I fell m’sleep, sorry,” he grumbled, rubbing his eyes.
The desire pooling at the base of his stomach surged at the sight and he couldn’t resist sweeping his tongue along Steve’s bottom lip. The wanton groan that escaped Steve’s mouth only encouraged Tony to keep going. He gently bit his bottom lip and pulled, the hands on his hips squeezing noticeably tighter.
“Thank you guys. You’re right—I feel better, really,” Steve said, smiling and looking between his two friends. “I would be lost without you two.”
“It is about time,” Tony laughed, his nanotech helmet fading away to reveal his head. “Only took a decade.”
Steve took his time to learn every inch and curve of Tony’s body—as if he were trying to memorize it for later. Which he didn’t doubt, given Steve’s eidetic memory and artistic abilities. It left Tony feeling worshipped.
“You know why I despise you. I have a list of reasons,” she snarled. “But most importantly, right now, I despise you for fucking up Tony’s sobriety.”
“Hey Peter, remind me to teach you about something called being fashionably late, later,” Tony said, pulling out a chair to sit down between Nat and Scott—across from Steve.
He chewed on his lip, pausing. Hesitant.
“So, what secrets are we keeping?”
“Thanks—you’ve uh, given me a lot to think about,” Tony whispered, still staring at his feet, afraid of the intimacy of this space. But he genuinely did have thoughts to chew on after Adam’s response.
“Did you get laid or something?” Bucky joked, but he sounded a little hopeful.
“Oh Tony, I think we all know your honor was lost long ago,” Steve fired back. This time he decided not to back down and play their little game. It had been ages since he and Tony lobbed jests back and forth—he missed it.
“Pepper—have I ever told you how amazing you are?”
“Listen, Rhodey Bear. I drew Steve’s name,” Tony whined. He picked up a tennis ball and started tossing it against the wall—unable to stay still.
Tony slipped his sunglasses back on and flopped onto his back, folding his arms behind his head. He basked in the sun and the peacefulness of the moment. A life like this was one he could get used to.
“You don’t have to apologize,” Tony said. “I’m not upset—just worried. You still want to do this—right?”
Tony took a swig of the champagne, not minding being handed things if it was bubbly and alcoholic.
“Hi sweetheart,” he cooed, as she nuzzled up next to him and he hugged her tight.
“Yeah yeah, sorry platypus. Good things take time,” Tony replied, he and Steve taking their seats.
“Morgan—you know mom invented that word. Not me. I’m just using her word,” Tony said, hands up in the air while feigning innocence. “And Cap—you can take your 1940s values and shove them up your—“
He was a glutton for self-inflicted punishment. Even with the serum coursing through his DNA the cold wind burned his cheeks. And the length of his runs when he got into this mindset wreaked havoc on the soles of his feet. But god bless that serum, because both ailments healed themselves within the hour after he got done.
Thank you so much for reading! Your support keeps me going. I hope you enjoyed the soft moments, there are definitely more to come!
“I’m sorry, Steve,” was all he said.
“Aw, come on Natasha. Why must you despise me so?” Ty whined, walking over to Tony and slinging his arm around his shoulders. Tony grunted in response.
“Yes, I do.”
“Alright Cap—hate to be a bad host, but I’ve got to kick you out,” Tony said, in between gulps of coffee. “I have a project to work on and can’t be afforded any distractions.”
Tony reached up and buried his hands in Steve’s hair, holding him close as their kiss deepened. Steve broke their kiss to slip out of his suit jacket and Tony sat up at bit while Steve worked his jacket off, too. Tony unbuttoned Steve’s dress shirt quickly—the skillfulness of his mechanic’s fingers coming incredibly handy. They shucked it off to the side with Tony’s shirt that Steve eagerly yanked off—almost ripping it in the process.
“Thanks Cap, I knew I could count on you to be my knight in shining armor,” he joked. “But you didn’t have to do that. I can clean up my own messes.”
“Do you need anything else, Tony?” Steve asked, making his way to the door.
Should he rat out the program or the person? Instead of saying either, he just kept his mouth shut and shrugged. Tony threw his hands up in the air in response before putting them on his hips and sighing. “I guess it doesn’t matter which one. But it was probably Rhodey—he’s seemed suspicious lately.”
Tony experienced his first sexually explicit dream of Steve shortly after they took Loki down together in Germany. And they never really stopped after that but their frequency varied on the status of his relationship with Pepper. He had thought they were gone for good for a while there, when things were really good with him and Pep, but then she said they needed a break. During the entire Accords debacle Steve filled his dreams nightly. Denial was a skill Tony was proficient in and he had chalked up Captain America’s appearances in his dreamland bedroom as a Freudian method of dealing with their conflicts.
Steve turned away from the podium to look back at Nat and Sam, who were keeping him company by the pool table before Tony’s speech started. He knew his cheeks were bright red from Tony’s public high praise and he tried to hide it by taking a swig of his beer.
“Oh? What were you arguing about?” Sam inquired, making his suspiciousness known.
“Okay, but I’m right behind you,” she conceded.
“Well, I mean think about it, Mr. Stark. Your parents stayed together even though your dad sort of sucked. And you suffered because of how unhappy they were.”
Tony choked back tears. There were more minutes of long silence. But he composed himself—Natasha saw a switch click inside of him—and he turned fully towards her with a serious look on his face.
“Whatever. Okay, Friday, bring up Nat’s widow bite designs,” he said, trying to distract himself from the nagging voice inside his head. Work. Work was the healthy distraction, but the burning taste of bourbon sliding down his throat hovered on the outskirts of his mind and his desires.
“I know your secret,” he sang, kicking at Tony’s legs again.
The first time he and Pepper started fighting consistently was after he got back from fighting Steve and Bucky in the Hydra base. It had felt like his heart had been broken.
“Alright—you’re one to talk, Adonis.”
“I know,” she said, kissing him on the temple.
“At least he still has clever insults even when drunk?” Bruce offered, a meager attempt to lighten the mood.
“I’m really not interested in hearing your self-righteous bullshit reasonings about how as the leader and tactical master it is your job to see every situation for what it is the second we get there. Because even super soldier serum isn’t the perfect solution to every problem, Steve. It is certainly not the solution to the problem of Tony Stark whose reckless behavior is really the thing to blame here. And no—I’m not saying you should be mad at him instead. But I am saying you should not be mad at yourself.”
“Sorry bud, needed to think.”
“Oh, who is Steve pining after?” Thor asked, suddenly honing in on the conversation with a mischievous grin on his face. “I have not been gone that long, things certainly change fast around here!”
“And I’m sure you’re not one of those people,” she said, deadpan.
“Keep your goddamn voice down,” Tony grumbled, wincing and leaning on the kitchen island, cradling his head in his hands. He refused to actively engage with this bullshit.
“So, what’s so interesting it took you away from our big party? One of your little friends spot Barnes somewhere?” he asked with a little too much venom in his voice.
Or maybe it was not quite that, but that his concept of a family, a partnership—life entirely—had evolved. The Avengers had been his family for a long time now. And a white picket fence was no longer his ideal, but the Avengers compound had become the place he was happiest.
Steve was curled up in the armchair next to Tony’s bed, drawing in his sketchpad a beautiful piece of the Iron Man suit, getting lost in his thoughts. He had yet to shake the overwhelming feeling that Tony’s injury was on his shoulders. It was his job to see a situation for what it really was and act accordingly. But in this case he let himself get fooled by Stane’s ground army of robots and the result was a gaping wound in Tony’s leg.
The first place Steve thought of when he got out of Tony’s workshop was Bucky’s room. He needed to process the strange energy he had picked up from the other man—and probably process how he handled the Tiberius situation altogether. Bucky always had good advice, whatever the situation was, and he knew when to call Steve out on his bullshit. There was never dancing around topics with his best friend—and that’s what he needed right now.
“Hey Tony?” Steve called, while picking up his jeans off the floor and pulling them on.
He held out his hands, making grabby hands, with a large grin on his face. Steve could not help but chuckle as he gently placed the framed sketch in Tony’s palms. His heart pounded in his throat as he waited for Tony’s reaction.
“If anyone messes this up, it isn’t gonna be you, Steve,” Tony sighed. “Trust me, that’s more my department. Obnoxious perfection is your’s.”
Bucky and Natasha shared a discrete glance, smiling only to each other.
“If that’s how you wanted to spend our time this afternoon Romanoff, you could have just told me. Promise I won’t tell Barnes,” Tony quipped, winking, and pretending the wind didn’t just get knocked out of him.
“How did you know I was in here?”
“Sure, boss,” the AI complied as the curtains closed fully.
“Ooohhh, right. I should have known,” Tony smirked. “You like to keep it in the family. Well—one specific family.”
They all gathered around the Christmas tree next to the couch—Bruce in his special Hulk-sized chair, Thor on the end of the couch, Tony nestled in the corner of the couch, with Nat on his other side, Bucky next to her, then Sam, Scott, and Steve on the other end. Thor clapped his hands together enthusiastically.
“Yes, absolute terrors,” he whined. “The literal worst.”
Tony owes Bucky an apology. And soon after needs to consult Rhodey about some feelings that he can't avoid.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Anyway—thanks for helping me take care of that Mysterio stuff,” Peter said, stuffing his mouth full of pancakes and syrup.
The silence in the room was deafening. Panic started to grip his neck again.
“Don’t you go lecturing me on how I spend my money, Rogers,” Tony laughed. “It was worth it to see the look on the kid’s face.”
“Mr. Stark?”
And that’s how he ended up with blue nail polish on his toes.
Steve sat in silence—taking in Tony’s words and mulling them over. God—how wrong he had been about Tony when he first met him. And apparently that was not a rare phenomenon—assuming the worst of Tony Stark. He knew people made the argument that Tony’s recklessness as a young adult was reason enough to dislike him now, but that was bullshit. And flat out unfair.
“I showed up at his office, yelled at him—he was an ass—so I punched him. And then made his company post a retraction saying the photo was fake. He won’t be bothering Tony anymore, you know? And then I come back and make Tony dinner and go down to see him. He was being silly at first, joking around. And then when I told him—the entire energy shifted.”
“Seriously, Tony. I know you can do this. Look, I have to go—“
“Are you happy with yourself?” Tony tittered.
“Ohhh—so you didn’t find out about that. Uh, oops?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Love you too, Nat!”
But for now, it remained unspoken, hidden away for another time.
“Listen Tones, you don’t give yourself enough credit for how thoughtful you actually are when you put effort in. You’ve given me great gifts since I can remember. But when it comes to your romantic interests, you freak out and give up and that’s how Pepper ended up buying most of her own gifts,” Rhodey explained. “You know Steve really well. Just think about it and go with your gut instinct.”
“Alright—just this once,” he agreed, tossing Steve Stormbreaker as he caught Mjolnir in hand.
Tony had been avoiding Bucky ever since he snapped in front of him and the others. He knew that even though most of his comments were pointed at Steve that the other man inevitably felt terrible about the entire situation, too. God—Siberia and the Avengers Civil War—that’s what the press had called it—felt like so long ago. But even though it happened years ago, he and Bucky had never cleared the air. Hell, he had yet to even have a full conversation with him. Tony knew it was because of his own childish jealousy and the grudge he held—no matter how hard he tried to let it go—that he refused to fully acknowledge Bucky’s existence. He was letting him live under his roof—the compound—and paid for his food, his new gear—wasn’t that good enough?
“Steve,” Nat grumbled, not furious but certainly not happy. “Haven’t you ever heard of knocking?”
“Another prodigy?”
“Actually—you know what Tony, I need to go talk to Nat about training drills. I completely forgot,” Steve said, gathering up his things and standing to his feet. He did his best to ignore the wide Bambi-eyed stare Tony was giving him. “Sorry.”
Nope, not the time, he overrode the inappropriate thoughts scrolling through his mind.
Nat sighed a heavy sigh.
Despite the recent quiet, it came as no shock to Tony when the following headline was plastered across every platform possible:
“Why Captain, you’re too kind. You’re so committed to keeping me honorable. However might I repay you, kind sir?”
Had it always been this way? He remembered when he first met Ty in boarding school decades ago. When they had both just been shipped off to school by fathers that saw them as nothing but inconveniences they found each other. Back then he had thought they found refuge in one another.
God, Tony hoped he was feeling it too.
And then Tony’s voice, sounding unusually timid, “Steve?”
Sam’s words cut him to the core, because he knew they were true. And Sam was not the first person to say that to him within the last month—within the last 24 hours, even. Bucky, Nat, and Wanda had all echoed similar sentiments.
The harshness of Sam’s tone kept Steve’s mouth shut. He knew Sam well enough to know the tone was meant lovingly—like a therapist dropping a reality bomb down in the middle of a session. So he sat there, fiddling with his hands in his lap, and staring down at his feet.
In a perfect world, Steve would pick Tony up, wrap him in a blanket, and make all his fears and doubts about his ability as a friend, a father, and an Avenger disappear. He wished he could be the soothing balm to Tony’s aching and wounded heart. It was not until this morning that he realized just how much seeing Tony fall apart, alone in the kitchen with a nearly empty bottle of scotch, affected him.
That was a rare treat. Stíofán noticed that Tony’s own bowl was plain. “None for you?”
“Tony!”
Tony had rewarded Steve for his passionate stand for social justice as well: by tugging him into the alley outside and kissing him senseless.
Tony swallowed. “Please. Speak your mind.”
John grinned, starting another story, and Tony inexplicably sat on the arm of Steve’s chair sliding until he was braced against Steve’s shoulder. Steve could feel him up along his arm, and he felt the urge to wrap an arm around his waist and tug him onto his lap. He managed to curb the instinct, his fingers twitching against the armchair. Instead he just let himself enjoy it, Tony so close to him, while the gentle ramble of John’s voice filled the air.
His mind flashed to the carefully written-out apple pie recipe tucked safely in the kitchen drawer. He’d show them.
They lay there until the knot subsided, Tony dozing as Steve pulled free and cleaned him up, before joining him in bed and curling around him.
Tony nodded. “Rhodey and Sam have been great, letting me stay. Otherwise Jarvis and I would be living a box somewhere, offering spells for bread or something.”
He walked them to the pallet, pushing the doe forward onto his hand and knees, and feeling the arousal ramp up, as he watched him instinctively arch his back, presenting himself to Stíofán. “That’s it, like that.”
“The best in the village. Now please keep them out here where they frolic on the rolling green hills, trot through the bluebells and--”
“No, and that’s a good sign. Doc Banner would’ve come if something had happened.”
in the gold panning camps. Is that what you’re doing? Because if so,” The man placed a hand on his thigh, and Tony flinched at the contact. “I’d happily be your first customer.”
“Shit!” Stíofán yelped, rolling to his hooves. He reached out to give Antonius a shake.
“I hear a lot of yapping and not enough letting these nice omegas go on their way,” Steve growled, and it was
“Shut up! He has super hearing!” Tony growled, though the laughter took a good minute to abate.
“Home?”
“Sure.” Steve felt a little uneasy, the idea of seeing people who were more in his age bracket leaving an odd feeling in his stomach, but Tony looked so hopeful, he couldn’t say no.
He spent the rest of the evening with Tony, helping him feed the cats and cook dinner for the two of them.
“Why don’t you get a room at the saloon?” Betty offered. “I’m sure they’ll have one going, and then you’re nice and close.”
“I can fix this,” he told the alpha next to him, and she looked at him eyes wide. “I need a few things, but I can get it off him.”
Tony looked up at him. “And you didn’t correct him?”
He stepped forward, clearing his throat. “And who exactly is your boss? Why has he interrupted our party?”
Tony glared right back at him. “Try and stop me.”
She raised an eyebrow, gesturing at his desk “What are you still doing up here? We’re late.”
Oh god. Oh fucking god. How had he managed to forget? Tony looked at his room, so innocent in the dark, but in the cold light of day absolutely
When it came to changing the bandages, however, it was Tony who was more affected. He peeled back the linens carefully and found his breath catching in his throat as he looked at the wound. It was ugly and painful-looking, and Tony had no doubt it would scar, though Natasha had given him a salve to help reduce that too.
“I’ll take care of Nomad: you just go,” Sam added, face tight. “Tony’ll need you now.”
He’d been on a job, fixing a broken-down car on the other side of town. The owner, retired Colonel Phillips, had been grumpy, and assumed he knew better, though Tony didn’t see
“Are you sure?”
“Holy shit, it runs like a dream,” Sam told him looking impressed. “It took like thirty seconds to get to baking temp.”
“Can’t imagine,” Steve said, voice even. “Guess not everyone is tough enough to hack it out here. Real shame.”
“Be that as it may…”
She wanted to call them back – feeling the certainty deep in her bones that if she called, her parents would turn the car around and come back no questions asked.
He wasn’t kept long.
“What?”
“S’alright,” The Sheriff rumbled. He kissed Tony again and gave him a sweet smile that made Tony feel
“Oh, he tried,” Tony said venomously, glaring at the man behind him. Hodge glared but then flinched as Tony spun a pistol Steve definitely hadn’t gotten him on his finger. “But he underestimated me, much to his detriment.”
Steve stretched out an aching shoulder as he walked back towards his office.
“We better take you to a doctor to be sure. And I had better call pest control. Those guys aren’t often in city parks and he should really be asleep with this temperature. Poor guy’s probably a little overwhelmed.”
The pup was curled on his side, sweating and hot to the touch. Tony rocked him gently to wake him. “Peter?”
That sanctimonious prick. After all the shit he gave Tony about keeping even a sliver of hope of finding his soulmate and there he was strolling around still wearing the faintest post-meet glow.
He hurried around the corner and gasped when he realised the sound had come from a man who was now pinned beneath a cart with a broken wheel. There was a crowd forming, several people trying to lift the weight. The cart still had goods on the back, adding to the pressure. If they didn’t get him out soon the man would be crushed.
“Yeah I got that part,” Bucky griped, rolling his eyes. “I meant the bit after.”
“What he means is, we’re glad you two have worked things out, but perhaps keep it restricted to the homestead,” Sam offered, grabbing Bucky by the arm and pulling him out the door. “We’ll give you a minute.”
“I’m fine. I don’t need to waste my days lying about.”
“I’ll let you unpack while I settle Daisy,” he said, scuffing his boot lightly against the floor. “Welcome home.”
“This is the problem with having such a big brain like you do: too much room for brooding instead of talking to me.”
Steve missed the howlies.
Her eyes flitted to her pops’ and she could suddenly see resignation there. He’d already worked it out, and she felt the guilt settle in her stomach. She looked at him, her breath catching for a moment, and then he smiled at her, a touch of sadness dropping it at the corner.
,” he read aloud. “
Pain shot through his thigh and hip as they hit the ground, but by some luck the earth had absorbed enough of the rain to become soft, creating enough give that they slid through the mud, coming to a halt as they hit the back fence.
They’d ended up tucked into a corner after, Tony pointing out a few people of interest and telling Steve all the best and most salacious gossip, sending the man into bouts of laughter.
“Well,” Steve said, his eyes drifting lower with purpose this time. “Since we were both of us operating under a misapprehension, perhaps we ought to try again. Just to check.”
“Huh?”
Engineering was his true love. And it was all he needed. Forget romance.
Jarvis hopped into his inner pocket. “Staying won’t help. We can only try to beat it.”
“Fuck, we’re fucked.”
“I’m sure that’s not--”
“I know you will.”
“He’s said all sorts about my figure, and how you must struggle to handle me, and perhaps I need someone with a firmer hand. And more than once he’s offered to let me ‘help him in the back room’ with a suggestion that if I did, he could cut the price on our grocery order. Revolting man.”
go with your mate and my blessing.”
“He will,” Tony assured him, rubbing an affectionate hand through the boy’s hair. “But you’ll have to be good and perhaps do some of your lessons with Jarvis or me for a few days while he rests. Can you do that?”
Stíofán bit his lip, trying not to laugh. “That’s because he thinks your fainting is because you don’t eat enough. He asked me about it.”
Steve listened as John talked about a raid he remembered, where they’d teamed up with a squadron to take out an enemy outpost. He had to stop himself from filling in the details, but he let a bit of his knowledge slip in from time to time, and by the time Tony made a reappearance he and John were laughing about some of the lighter parts of wartime.
“Well, it looks like whatever happened they aren’t here.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Tony agreed, watching as the door closed behind her. He moved over to Steve’s desk perching on the corner. “What was all that about?”
Maria made grabby hands as he held the phone out. “Nana?”
“Will do, thanks,” Sam tucked the card in his pocket as Bucky leaned over to speak.
Stíofán grinned but ate his food obediently. Soon the call came for them to head out into the training ground, and Stíofán walked Tony to the kitchens.
Tony stood on the street, the afternoon air suddenly cold. He was shaking, he realised, but he couldn’t seem to make himself stop.
The hand moved up and then down. “Surely you’re not sleeping so soon?” A sultry voice whispered in his ear.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “This is like the seventh time you’ve been semi-maimed since we met. How do you keep attracting so much injury?”
“Sorry J.” Tony leaned down, grabbing the small black cat in his arms. “I think we’re all set. Let’s head downstairs: everyone’s waiting.”
“Run that by me again.”
“Uh hi,” Steve said, looking like a deer in the headlights.
“Yes. You can.” Rhodey told him firmly. “Come on, this is our year. We’re finally doing so well, this is the time to take a shot at something outside of work. And there he is! Your literal dream guy, if the moans I used to hear through the wall is anything to go by. “
Stíofán put his hands on his hips. “I’m not sure you should start messing with hot melted metal when you’re carrying.”
“They’re spawning from that giant tank over there!”
“And let you work. Alright, I get it,” Stíofán snorted, then dipped down to kiss Tony one more time.
“Come on man, it’s Christmas Eve. We can’t even get water? Where’s your Christmas spirit? Your heart shrink three sizes or what?”
“Ok that I don’t get!” Tony told them, gesturing with his fork. “I just meant he’s not a witch. That’s what we call non-magic folk. It’s not like, an insult.”
But he couldn’t. All he could remember was the humiliation of past betrayals and the urge to protect himself overtook him. He fled for the workshop, staying there for several hours until JARVIS gave him the all-clear.
The doe nodded, and Stíofán went for it, pushing in long and deep, enjoying the suction on the withdrawal. He was getting closer and closer, but he wanted to claim Antonius again, mount him. He pulled him off and he almost reached the peak, breathing hard, his cock wet and straining.
“Are you sure?” Rhodey asked worriedly. “I think you’d be better off with a nap.”
He stepped down feeling stupid. Why on earth had he listened to his mother? It had been thirty years since her own journey of course things had changed. He skulked away to the edge of the plaza, sitting down on a bench and trying not to panic. What was he supposed to do? He hadn’t heard of it being this difficult for other witches: usually, they showed up, and at the very least people were curious.
“Et tu, Brute?” Tony asked, feigning hurt. “Here I am, caring for our young charge and all you do is mock me. I’m hurt, Cap. Hurt.”
Tony reached back to smack his arm. “Don’t joke, it was hard enough carrying two.”
The security guard gave them a lazy salute and wandered off, leaving him and Pepper rather shell shocked. “We might just pull this off.”
He hitched Nomad to the post outside the Sheriff’s office, not bothering to remove anything. He’d head home soon enough. He just wanted a minute to stretch his legs and head over to the general store to pick up something nice for Tony - and maybe a bit of rock candy for Peter. He was pretty sure Mr Bullski wouldn’t give him any trouble.
He braced the car against his side, his free hand reaching to tug the man free and clear before he let it drop with a loud thud.
Rhodey slumped in relief. “Well ok then. Seems like what we have here is just a culture clash. Easy fix.”
Steve snorted, but he still had a worried edge to his expression. It made Tony feel kind of warm inside. Or maybe that was the venom. Hard to say. “And I’m sure he’s very sorry.” He cleared his throat. “You were really brave by the way.”
“Alright then.” Then there was a soft touch to Tony’s mouth and they were kissing.
“Right,” Stíofán offered, still feeling a little bewildered. “Maybe we could wrap your head in padding or something so you don’t keep knocking it on the floor.”
Dad looked at the bed. “You never know. That thing might have bedbugs.” He considered it for a moment then looked at Pops. “I knew we should’ve bought her a new one but you talked me out of it.” He pulled out his phone. “There’s a furniture place fifteen minutes from here, why don’t you--”
“Great, we really appreciate what you did for Alpine. She’s adapting well to the new leg, I didn’t expect it to happen so quickly given the fitting was only last week.”
“Ah, as in Stark industries?”
Steve pulled him close to hide his face and glared out at the room. “I think you’ll find you’ve been repaid. Now I suggest you and your friends get out of here before I find a reason to throw you out.”
He tried to make himself useful, helping the nurse cut up thin slices of cake and place them on plates to be handed out, and as he watched the cake be delivered he felt the uncomfortable feeling spreading further and further into his chest.
Tony purred with the compliment. “Well Pepper thought you were going to be some scoundrel setting a trap for innocent city folk, so I’m glad she was wrong.” He linked their hands where they rested on his belly. “I certainly lucked out, getting the handsomest alpha in the town though. Seems to me we’re a perfect match.”
“We’ll certainly appreciate it.” The doctor yawned. “Now I’m off to get forty winks, but you can take him home when you’re ready. He’ll need rest, and make sure he drinks plenty of water, but no reason he can’t do that out at the homestead. I’ll call by in a few days to check on him.”
“...alright, show me.”)
Steve smiled. “Can I assume, then, that maybe now that you know my dark secret, that maybe we could...try again? I miss you Tony.”
“Good. Where’s Pops?”
(See the end of the chapter for
No. He couldn’t be too late. He couldn't.
“Yeah,” Tony snorted. “But uh, I have to assume, based on how keen you were to scent me at the gala, that I don’t have to worry about whether you’re into me.”
“I don’t look like that, all…” he struggled for the word. “Shiny.”
“But I saved him.”
“He’s close! You,” he pointed at the guard by the door. “Go stop him. He doesn’t make this floor. Do you understand?”
“Oh,” the doe said, eyes big as he looked up at him. “Really?”
One day he’d return home, leaving the heaving, stinking, filthy city of Rome behind, and return to the rolling hills of his home, Hibernia to the Romans,
“Hey pumpkin!” Dad called from the kitchen. He had his sleeves rolled up and he was leaning against the kitchen island messing around with one of his work tablets. He spotted J.J coming in behind her. “I mean pumpkins. How was school?”
“I don’t see how that has anything to do with you,” Stíofán offered, his eyes already drawn over Tiberius’ shoulder, where Tony was carrying a tray of steaming bowls. He swallowed a growl as he watched some of the other gladiators give the doe heated glances, but everyone kept their hands to themselves, and did nothing more than say a polite ‘thanks’.
“Your deputy shows up before the rooster has even crowed to say you have to go take care of a band of ruffians, wanted for multiple murders - including lawmen - and I wait all day, and into the evening worrying since I’ve had no word. What kind of husband makes his omega sit around and fret that he might be dead and buried in a shallow grave out on the prairie somewhere?! So I trek all the way to town in the dark, on foot, because you never bothered to make sure I knew how to hitch the carriage or saddle the horse, to find out what’s become of you, terrified over whether I’m to speak to the doctor or the undertaker, only to find you drunk-” Tony looked behind the alpha, seeing a few men at the cardtables pulling some rather scantily dressed omegas into their laps and felt a cold feeling settle into the pit of his stomach, “and
“You don’t know that.”
“It’s nothing, it’ll pass.”
Steve grinned. “Practice.” He nodded at the door. “Heading home?”
He was glad he came.
“That’s great! Thanks. Oh here,” he handed Tony a piece of bread with jam in a napkin and went to the fridge. He took out some raw meat and put a bit on a plate for Jarvis who ran over to eat with enthusiasm. “Hungry little guy, huh?”
“Steve.”
There was a shout from below and they broke apart to see Rhodey and Sam pointing up at them, little Riri balanced on Rhodey’s shoulders and shrieking with joy as she pointed at them.
His stomach rumbled. Maybe it wouldn’t hurt to get a bite.
Steve Rogers looked at him, equally surprised as he placed Tony’s order on the table.
Tony hit the ground right next to Steve, covering his six with a few well-placed repulsor blasts. “Ha! Eat it, assholes!”
Tony snorted. “Guess it didn’t skip a generation this time.”
Tony kept his mouth shut, the speech Steve gave any time anyone asked about the dirigible sitting on his tongue. He’d definitely absorbed way too much airship info.
Steve only had eyes for one.
There were lots of job offers and suggestions that he be given some sort of plaque for heroism. It was a little embarrassing to be honest, though the feeling of being so fully accepted by his town and feeling like he was succeeding in his Witch’s Journey felt nice, and he let himself bask in it.
“Yeah we don’t get too many customers. Also our sign fell over so no one knows we’re here.” He picked up a carton of french fries. “You want one?”
“Not to worry. I’ve arranged for him to deliver it to the Sheriff’s office when they take the new supplies to the General Store within the hour.”
“I’m not sure I could do that,” Steve admitted. “What I do, it’s important. I’m not sure I could just give it up, just so I could do something I like better.”
Steve huffed out a breath. “I know you didn’t. You’re a good boy.” Dammit.
“You dumb, self-sacrificing idiot!” Tony’s arms were flailing madly. “I don’t want to go without you, don’t you get it? I want us to stay together and I want you to meet your kid, not just be a story I tell him.”
Antonius stared at him for a moment and then burst out laughing. “I’m glad you care so much about my charming personality.”
to give him grey fleece hairs? “What is it, did he hurt himself in the forge?”
“There’s still time to say no,” Tony told him several times. “No one would blame you.”
The room was plunged into darkness, and the only light was the ghostly light of the moon.
Well shit. Alright, plan B. He lifted his broom like a club and ran at them giving them no time to react. He swung it, hitting Hodges in the face, making him drop Rogers to the ground. Before he could retaliate, Tony thrust the other end of the broom at one of the others, the handle striking hard against his stomach and making him grunt. Then Tony took off running.
Tony swatted his arm. “I know your game. You just want me buttered up so I’ll try that new chocolate cake recipe from your Dame. But you’re out of luck. I didn’t have cocoa on my list so I--” Steve reached into the basket to pull out a packet and waved it. “You sneaky alpha.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “You realise this is a bookshop right? How much do you think I have?”
“I said no water,” the man snapped, and before Tony could react, there was a blinding pain as the butt of the man’s gun hit his eye. He grunted in pain, hand coming up to cover it as it ached. He felt the note ripped from his hand.
“Just got good aim I guess.”
He kissed the top of her head. “But not too careful. I want you to raise hell just like you always have and be whatever you want to be.”
Tony put his hands behind his head obediently, watching the men carefully.
“I think that’s a bit of an overreaction…”
Maria threw her hands in the air. “That doesn’t make any sense! How is Okoye meant to know you like her and want to bond with her if you don’t talk to her? She only visits once a year or so to look after Shuri, you don’t get many chances.”
He felt like he could breathe again now. As he approached his side of the bed, he heard the slight rustle of Steve stirring. He looked at the duvet, looked at Steve who was blinking slowly, a smile spreading over his face and made a decision. He surged forward, pressing their lips together. Steve squeaked in surprise, but gamely wrapped his arms around Tony in return. Tony did his best to keep his focus, while he kicked frantically at the covers until they slid almost entirely off the bed. Mission accomplished.
“We've just been so tetchy with each other lately. I think Tony's been stressed about the baby thing again.“
This is the second of three mini-sequels to the main Object Matrimony story.
“I got shot
He knew they’d follow, and he felt a thrill of satisfaction as he heard the heavy footsteps behind him. He felt a hand tug at his robe for a moment before he put on the speed and got clear of them. He ran for a couple of blocks staying ahead, before he darted down a side street, straddling his broom and launching himself up and over the rooftops out of sight. He flew back towards the alley, landing near the entrance before spotting Rogers at the other end. He jogged after him, broom over his shoulder till he could step in front of him.
Steve moved until they were kissing proper, but this one was sweeter rather than full of heat. “Be careful. Carol gets damn competitive.”
Tony shook his head. “Not specifically. But how it all fits together, those connections? My magic makes me understand it. I can…
“Alright. I guess we can workshop it.”
Well, if the man wasn’t a homicidal maniac, Tony supposed that might be a compliment. But there was no way he was doing that.
Tony rolled his eyes and made sure to smack Rhodey lightly on the back of the head as he passed by, unable to help letting out a laugh as he dodged a retaliation on the way to the bar.
Stíofán was pleased that the doe didn’t sound afraid, that even though he had to reek of aggression, Tony was leaning into his hand. “I might’ve done if he’d pressed his luck with you.”
The old man’s eyes crinkled. “You’re just saying that because you like my stories.”
Tony gave Dummy a light kick of his heels to urge him on as they shot along the boundary looking for any sign of the wayward tutor. He was starting to get more fearful, if Mr Rogers was not here, then where?
Tony’s eyebrows went up. “A party? Me?”
“But you, I thought-- fuck, we need to-- Pepper!”
Tony huffed. “I may have gotten into a few arguments over the years. Some people thought Cap was just a propaganda thing and they were wrong.” He looked away for a moment. “You were part of the reason Rhodey and I went independent. I got back from Afghanistan and I thought, what would Cap do? And I realised you’d say help people.”
Stíofán let his hand slide forward until it was resting on Tony’s belly, unable to resist the flicker of hope that this might be the time they added to their little family. A doe this time maybe, with Tony’s dark eyes, since the bucks had taken so much of Stíofán’s colouring.
“That’s it, yeah, take it,” he growled, enjoying the soft gasps the doe made with each push in. “I’m glad I won you. You would’ve made a fine lay for the sailors down at the port, but you were made for me, weren’t you?”
There was a clang and a shout, and Stíofán turned just in time to catch Tony as he launched himself at him, his arms around his neck. Stíofán hugged him close, burying his face in his hair for just a second, as he felt the doe tremble.
He heard a shocked gasp, and he had no doubt it was one of the gossipy trio he’d seen join the onlookers, but he just rolled his eyes. Lying on his belly, he smiled reassuringly at Vision – who gave him a pained grimace in reply – and ran his eyes over the problem. When he came back up, he was covered in mud but feeling sure. He looked up as Mr Barton reappeared and waved him over.
Steve leaned down to whisper in his ear. “Don’t worry, we can take a raincheck on that.”
Tony squinted at him. “No, you’re not. You’ve been god knows where in that logic-driven brain of yours. And you have been for weeks!”
“You was sick?”
S’Teve sighed. Expending the energy to hide it was less efficient than simply telling Tony the truth. “You said on Lanova that we were not romantically involved, and I started to consider that perhaps I wished we were.”
“He looks dead,” Stíofán said, letting some of the rage from earlier deep into his voice. He dipped his head, ready to charge.
“Not at all.” Tony went to the front door, flipping the sign around and turning the lock. “Follow me.”
“Prepare for arrival!” The door to the carriage banged open as the guard walked down the aisle. The alpha’s hand snapped away. “We’ll be arriving in Brooklyn Junction in ten minutes. Please prepare for arrival.” The train’s whistle blew, punctuating his point, and the other passengers started to shuffle as they repacked any loose items.
He was still staring at them when Steve returned, the smile on his thin face dropping as he went pale at the sight of the papers in Tony’s hand. “I can explain!”
“Nope,” Steve gasped as he pedalled, sweat dripping down his forehead. He’d insisted Tony sit on the seat in front, leaving Steve to balance on the pedals. At first it had been kind of sweet. Tony had been reminded of seeing the older kids in his town carting their sweethearts around, and he’d felt an odd rush at the idea that people might see them and think the same.
“You look-” The sheriff broke off with a hot puff of air as he moved across to the other. Tony snapped his eyes shut, trying to keep his breath even.
“No need to thank me. It was hardly my choice.”
“It’s a stupid name,” Steve said seriously and Tony snorted, running his free hand through Steve’s hair before he kissed him again.
But then he’d gotten pregnant, and it had been such a relief. His body worked like it was supposed to, Tony reassured himself, and he could give what he and Steve both wanted so bad.
Rhodey began to teach him, but only got thirty seconds in, before the till began to add on its own, opening itself for cash and printing the receipt. Rhodey raised an eyebrow.
Bucky wiped a hand across his face, looking around the studio. “Maybe you should sit down? Or we could try the one in front of the fireplace -”
Tony felt a sinking feeling in his stomach. He was no stranger to being gossiped about, or his looks being targeted – that was New York society’s bread and butter after all – but the shots at how he wasn’t caring for Steve hurt. He was doing his best, but it was awful to realise other people had noticed.
“You should go to bed,” Nat said, nudging him off of her and into a sitting position. “I know Bucky and I are on our way out soon. And Bruce already went to bed.”
“Okay,” Tony started, pulling some keys out of his pockets and unlocking the door to the gallery. “It’s just us here, because I wanted you to see this first and get your approval. But if you don’t like it—Bucky helped me so you have to get mad at him too, okay?”
It had been awhile since he last spoke Italian aloud, but given Steve’s wide eyes and pink cheeks, Tony figured he was as skilled at it as ever. When the waitress walked away to retrieve his request, Tony turned his full attention on Steve with a small smile.
Tony scolded himself.
“Alright, well I guess that means I gotta give my gift old Winter the Boy Wonder, huh?” Sam said, walking over to the tree and tossing a present at Bucky’s head but he caught it before it hit him. Inside was a first edition print of Agatha Christie’s The Mysterious Affair at Styles that was in near mint condition. Bucky looked up at Sam with mouth open and wide eyes.
“Fine,” Steve grumbled. He promptly spun on his heel and retreated to his own room to sulk.
“Absolutely not,” Tony snapped, holding up a finger. “She guessed your secret superhero identity and you only kissed her after damn near dying, and getting her killed, and that’s the bullshit that only happens in movies. You don’t know anything.”
“Uh—no, no, I’m good Spangles, thanks,” Tony stuttered, being ripped out of his wildly inappropriate thoughts and crashing back into reality. He was too busy mentally cursing himself for allowing his mind to go there to properly respond when Steve said goodnight and left.
“Right, sorry,” Steve mumbled as he scurried in and the door snapped shut behind him.
Peter’s voice coming from his room snapped him out of it.
The majority of the team had caught on to his feelings for Tony. Thankfully, most of them thought it was a passing crush. It was something that would fade over time and as a result, besides teasing him whenever Tony was not around, no one pushed him too hard over it. To the best of his observation skills, he was pretty certain only Bucky and Nat knew the truth. And despite never having uttered a word about his feelings, somehow two of his closest friends had figured him out—well, actually, that was exactly how they’d figured him out. It was obvious how she knew. And Bucky, he guessed, knew him better than anyone. There was no hiding something from him, no matter how hard he tried. And damn it, he really tried.
Tony was a kind man, a generous friend, and a hero that used every ounce of who he was to make the world a better place. Steve had witnessed Tony in some of his worst moments—they had gone toe-to-toe and nearly killed one another—and he could still say with confidence that there was not a better person in the universe. Tony Stark was Earth’s best defender—whose altruism rivaled Steve’s own—and the last thing he deserved was this horrific news story to drag him back down into the pits of depression.
Tony stumbled back, pulling Steve along with him, trying to make it over to his bed. Steve got the picture and lifted Tony off his feet which caused a yelp to escape the brunette’s mouth.
“We should get going,” he whispered. Tony grumbled and it made him laugh. “I mean it, sweetheart.”
“Pepper,” he started and stopped. There were tears in his eyes. “Pepper said she was not longer in love with me. That we would be better as friends and that it was clear we couldn’t make a marriage work.”
“No—what? No I’m not. Why would I be nervous? This is like…my billionth Stark Industries Gala,” he huffed, looking up at her with widened eyes.
Ultimately, he knew Bucky and Nat were right. He was tired of waiting and wondering what could possibly happen between him and Tony. Literal decades of intense glances, sharing beds on missions with tension radiating between them, and all the moments in-between had finally come to a head. Steve finally had a chance to see if they could build a romantic life together. And yes, they both had their fears, but Steve was not one to let fear hold him back. Hell—if he could face off against Thanos he could talk to Tony about what was going on between them.
The next day they got another Assemble call for a Kree orchestrated Chitauri attack on Washington D.C. Previously, Tony had been certain that the Chitauri were long gone and would not be a problem again. Clearly he was wrong. Thankfully, their many encounters with them in the past made quick and easy work of ending the threat. This time it was him, Steve, Bruce, Thor, and Nat who answered the call. If he was being honest, this was his preferred team anyway, because of the history they shared. A bit of him ached knowing that Clint was no longer with them, but they were all still alive thanks to his great sacrifice, and everything they did honored him.
“Hey uh, Cap, I’m not so drunk that I’m just gonna collapse right here—you know that, right?” Tony teased, smirking.
“Because for someone with super soldier senses, Steve did not scan the room before barging into to talk to Nat about it and I was sitting right there. He had already gotten out the ‘Tony and I kissed last night but then he ran away and won’t talk to me’ before he saw me. So yeah, thanks for coming to your best friend about it, Tones.”
“Tony—that’s not how this works.”
“Right, well, Buck and I are off to the gym to spar,” Steve huffed, setting his dishes in the sink and shooting his best friend a pointed glare.
. And it had been awhile since Tony had felt good.
For Tony beating the shit out of this punching bag was cathartic—with every hit he pounded out another anxious thought. He finally had the motivation to turn to healthier coping mechanisms and goddamn it, he was going to get the most out of them. But he’d be lying if he said it wasn’t also partly to avoid having to talk to any of his friends about how he was doing.
He stared at his reflection in the mirror, tears rolling down his face—the exhaustion apparent.
“Yeah Tones, that’s something I’ve totally heard you say before,” Rhodey chastised as they sat down in a booth tucked away in a corner. Tony had called ahead and reserved a space that was not blatantly in public view. The Avengers had all thought it was impossible for their ‘fame’ to grow, but after the world caught wind on how they pulled off the Time Heist, their popularity exploded tenfold. Now going out in public required skill and planning ahead—for all of them, not just the famous Captain America and Tony Stark.
“Back to work,” Steve said darkly, on his feet, as they both rushed out of the workshop. “Peace was nice while it lasted.”
“It’s not a big deal,” he said, shrugging and drinking some more coffee.
Thankfully, Steve did not have much time to worry by himself after getting dressed. He had taken so long to get ready that it was almost time for their date by the time he was finished. Just as he took a deep breath and centered himself—there was a knock on his bedroom door. When he opened it, he found Tony standing there in jeans, a AC/DC shirt, and his black leather jacket. He was too mesmerized by how gorgeous Tony looked—the man managed to make anything look exquisite—to realize that he himself had overdressed for the occasion. The leather jacket was one of Steve’s favorite wardrobe pieces that Tony wore.
Tony let the silence hang there for a moment, his eyebrows raised in disbelief. Steve’s heart was racing—not because he was lying—but because it was the last topic he ever thought he would discuss with Tony.
“Everything alright?” Sam asked, slightly leery about the state of Steve’s hair and the look on the two men’s face.
“Tony—hey, you okay?” he asked, shutting his sketchbook and standing up. He was at Tony’s side instantly.
when you knew your old pal Buckaroo killed my parents.”
Tony looked up from the project he was working on, pushing his goggles to the top of his head, and smiled brightly. “Let him on in.”
“What’s wrong with it?”
was on track, he and Rhodey had a place to call their own and now he had the guy of his dreams using his shower, and they were going to get the best pancakes in town. Life was good.
“Just because some of the village resents your roman whore doesn’t mean you have to show off by filling me to bursting,” Tony huffed then shoved his face back down into the bedding to muffle his cries.
How he managed to make it to the bar without tripping over his feet, Tony would never know, but he sidled up beside Captain Rogers at the bar and cleared his throat. “Hi.”
“About last night,” the alpha started, and the thought of talking about it was near unthinkable. Tony held a hand out.
“You know how he gets in his head about things. You know how, despite his exterior confident attitude, he’s often very anxious and insecure about things. You know that he thinks his divorce with Pepper was all his fault. Now, what can you deduce based off of all those things?”
He gasped loudly and dramatically, “Ouch, Romanoff, you’re gonna leave a bruise!”
“I’ve been hoping that no one would notice, you know? My uh, drinking, that is. And then Pepper told you guys, I didn’t even get to tell you guys—my family, on my own terms, and I sort of spiraled even further. I’m not great at not being in control, Cap, I’m not sure if you’ve noticed that before.”
“Sorry, Tony.”
“Really?! Oh Tony—I’m so proud of you!”
“We still love each other Tony—and we are doing really well at raising Morgan together, even divorced—can’t you see it is healthier this way? I know what it was like for you…growing up in a household with parents who argued and loathed each other—I never wanted us to become that and we were. This way we get to love each other still, not like that but that’s okay. But I need you to stop blaming yourself—tearing yourself up over this—it isn’t good for you, for Morgan, or your team—your family,” she explained.
“Yeah. Yeah, I did,” Tony said, wringing his hands together in his lap, looking down at his feet. “Yesterday—yesterday what I said—well really, my behavior these last few days, it has been unacceptable.”
Tony pulled away, both of them breathless, Steve’s eyes half-lidded. He looked confused, a little worried, at Tony’s breaking away so suddenly. It made Tony’s stomach clench, knowing that Steve could read him so well and tell something was wrong that quickly.
“Okay, phew, I just didn’t want you guys to think I was being disrespectful,” Peter sighed, relieved.
Tony had not seen Zeke in over fifteen years, but apparently the kid—well, now he was a full grown adult—was committed to taking after his father’s ‘destroy Tony’s life mission’.
But Peter rolled his eyes in response.
At the same time, Steve had his own fears and insecurities. He had been doing his best to stamp them down, but seeing Tony run away after their kiss had reignited them stronger than before. Ever since he had met him in 2012, Steve had felt less than Tony—Tony, who was everything good and amazing about the future, was way out of Steve’s league.
“That was a lot of information at once, man,” Bucky said. “Way to go for punching Stone—he deserved more than that, but way to go. Next, you’re an idiot.”
“Tony—“
“Steve, you mean damn near everything you say, you’ll figure it out.”
Steve collapsed to his knees, arms wrapping around Tony’s waist, and leaning his head against his stomach. After taking a few shuddering breaths, Steve moved up just enough to kiss Tony’s chest where the Arc Reactor had been.
“The Christmas spirit has got you all sappy, hm?” she teased.
“Because you literally did something badass and then something really stupid back-to-back,” Bucky chided, but he was met with a flat look from Steve.
“Tony, I insist.”
He could feel the tightening in his chest that signaled an anxiety attack was welling up inside. Tony slipped out of the circle he was pretending to converse with to rush to the bar and down a glass of scotch. He placed both hands on the counter and hung his head, sucking in a deep breath to gain some composure back.
Tony was not new to world-shattering and life ruining events happening out of nowhere. His life had been in the spotlight since childhood—a genius father tends to do that—and then his own genius (and debauchery) kept his name in the headlines. And announcing his identity as Iron Man increased the attention tenfold.
“Great, thanks for your input,” Steve snapped.
After showering, brushing his teeth, and slipping into clean sweatpants and a Stark Industries black tee, Tony stumbled his way out into the living room. Steve, Nat, and Bruce were sitting around the coffee table in a huddle with hushed voices.
“Tony,” Steve started, not bothering to hide the disappointment in his voice.
Finally, a few hours before the Christmas party was planned to start, she broke.
He walked over to his closet and pulled out a bottle of Sandeman 30 Year Old Tawny whiskey he had stashed away. There was no point in using a glass—he popped it open and drank straight from the bottle.
The Gala kicked off just as Steve had expected it to—Pepper opened up with a speech, her new beau close-by, and the room was swimming with rich jerks looking to get something out of Tony or S.I. for their own selfish endeavors. Even the thought of that made Steve’s stomach sick—he hated the idea of people coming here to simply to take advantage of Tony, his intellect, and his money.
“You didn’t have to do that, you know,” Tony broke the silence. “Just because of what I told you in the shop the other week.”
“Tony—what’s wrong?”
“Anthony—“
Tony let out a long groan in response.
“God, Tony—yeah of course,” Steve replied, shifting in his seat to be angled towards Tony. “That’s exactly why I’m tense. I want this so badly I’m afraid of messing it up, because this is the single most important thing in the universe to me.”
“Rhodey-bear, you’re being awfully quiet,” Tony hummed, bending over and zeroing in on a small section of the gauntlet with a tiny laser pen. Steve’s heart clenched in his chest knowing the second he replied, this brief version of this where he could pretend that Tony knew it was him in the secret workshop—because in this daydream they were a couple so of course Steve knew about Tony’s secret workshop—and this was their routine to hide away in here together. The minute he spoke—that beautiful illusion would be shattered.
Crowds were gathering, pointing up, but Tony tried to ignore them. All that mattered was Steve.
“Don’t let him hear you do that,” she warned. “He’s about this far away from joking-not-joking about locking these two in a tower Mother Gothel style.” She held her fingers apart to show just how thin that margin was.
Tony’s jaw dropped. “What?”
Honestly he couldn’t have asked for better.
“Alright, shall we go? We can get you something from the saloon to nibble on until we get home and you can have some porridge.”
regular congress I would’ve held out longer.”
“Hey, Tony?”
Steve’s eyes widened, and Tony could almost see him formulating the lie.
Warning: Minor violence/passing suggestion of domestic violence - Nothing too graphic but please check endnotes for specifics if needed ❤️
“We need something to eat,” Jarvis said helpfully. “We’ve eaten what your mother packed.”
“And do you know what else?!” Tony snapped angrily, poking a finger into the Sheriff’s chest. “You’re terrible to share a bed with!”
It took a second for Stíofán to click. “You mean--?”
“I don’t really care,” Tony told him, the anger radiating off him. “It’s almost as if listening to a homicidal maniac’s monologue doesn’t really do it for me.”
“Mhmmm. Gave your nana a scare when I went red like a tomato.”
“I’m saying I get tasty treats from kind bucks here,” Tony sniffed and Stíofán rolled his eyes.
“Yeah. He was an accidental pregnancy, and his biological mother was a fellow scientist I’d met at a conference. She didn’t want to be a parent, and she didn’t want to give up her career. But, I don’t know, I think I’d always wanted kids, though I didn’t know it until he was a real option, so we agreed. She’d have him, and I’d take over once the hard work was done. She and I still stay in touch and she likes getting updates about him. It works for us.” He sighed. “And we were fine until last year, but it was just me and him when we realised he was severely allergic to a certain breed of spider and it sent him into anaphylaxis. Took years of my life, I can tell you.”
“Oh!” Tony managed. “I didn’t realise-”
Murderers?! Tony felt a spark of fear.
“I think it might just be,” Tony said, still sounding awed. “Oh gods, if it’s still here then I have to meet your clan.”
Tony huffed. “Yeah, I guessed that after the first couple of years or so. It was touch and go for a while since he insisted on eating out of a bowl on the floor for a few weeks after we watched
“The credit’s all to my partner, I assure you.”
Steve rumbled an agreement, unsure why he hadn’t mentioned it already. It didn’t matter though, now Tony knew, and he got to hold Tony, so really it was a win-win.
She pushed open the door to the living room and stepped inside.
It was Tony’s cue to speak, but when Steve looked at him directly, he felt immediately tongue-tied.
He remembered the moment he realised what the feeling in his chest was, and it brought him warmth to recall it even now. He and Peter had been taking lessons outdoors, sketching birds in the woodland near the house. He’d heard someone curse loudly, and quickly dropped his sketchbook as Peter had darted off to see the source.
“Everyone’s got to start somewhere.” There was a gentle rattle and Tony curiously pulled back the blankets a little to see.
“Stíofán.”
Tony felt his cheeks heat a little. “Oh, uh, I’m sorry to interrupt. Sheriff Rogers said he wouldn’t make it home for dinner today, so I thought I’d bring some by.”
As soon as they hit the park though he relaxed, and let Peter lead him excitedly over to the fenced-off area that acted as the dog park. Peter was nearly vibrating, squealing when they got close enough to see the dogs. “Daddy look!”
“You earned it.”
“No, wait I—“
Tony nodded, leaning up to kiss Steve’s jaw. “Thank you for looking after me.”
stories because he was too good at sad eyes and after an argument, he lost about letting Dodger stay over on his bed -  he and Steve walked back into the lounge.
“Oh wow that’s so cool.”
Steve looked up at him, cheeks red and eyes dark beneath the brim of his hat. “A lot.”
“Sounds good.”
Realisation swept through Stíofán like a wave, anger roaring up from deep inside him. How dare Tiberius go anywhere near him. He couldn’t help but wonder if it was prompted by the defeat Stíofán had dealt him during their training fight that morning.
The man walked into the shop and joined Luis behind the counter. “Welcome to
It was possible Tony was not interested in Vulcans. Unsurprising, since humans tended to find Vulcans cold and calculating, given their unparalleled control over their emotions, but Tony had always treated S’Teve kindly once they’d overcome their initial disagreement when they’d both joined the crew of the
Mr Stark had asked him to a dance, not one but two, ahead of all the other options. When they touched, he’d felt the soft calluses he knew were from repairing equipment for the tenants, a reminder of the man’s kind heart, and the heat from his hand had been like a brand against Steve’s own. They danced in the line, coming together and separating, but intertwined as if drawn together again every time.
There was a pause, and then when Rhodey spoke again, he was all business. “Ok, don’t panic, here’s what you’re going to do. Go back in there, grab the worst stuff. Don’t worry about the comic books, but try and hide anything where he looks like he’s only wearing lycra.”
“I think I love him Rhodey.”
Steve felt a sudden swoop of nausea even as Tony called, “Hi everyone!”
“Well, maybe if you looked like this handsome hunk here, I’d be more inclined,” Darcy told him, poking her tongue out at him. Steve felt the heat rush to his face.
“Oh my god,” Bucky gasped, wiping a tear from his eye. “
He stepped inside, the shop smelling pleasantly of paper and the faintest trace of coffee, and to his joy, it was quiet. The right kind of quiet, the sort that meant the noise in his head went away and all that mattered was the moment he was in. He felt all his tenseness ease.
“Afternoon,” Tony called out, as a customer walked in. “Can I help you today?”
“Fair enough. Jesus, that was terrifying.”
Steve thought of Peggy. This should’ve been their life if he hadn’t-
Steve felt a nudge at his ankle and looked down to see a kitten currently trying to nibble his foot. “That doesn’t explain the cats.” He leaned down to pat her, but instead she leapt up and began to climb his arm. He winced as she clawed onto his shoulder, but melted when she started rubbing her cheek against his clavicle.
“That’s a pain, but hopefully not the end of the world, right?”
Steve felt a twitch under his skin. Cedar Grove.
Tony hummed. “Yeah well, nothing a few years of therapy won’t fix.”
“So.” Tony nodded at the basil at Steve’s bedside. “Looks like we’ve adopted a plant son.”
“They’re here for me,” He said, and saw Rhodey and Tony’s head swivel to look at him.
Stíofán huffed but picked up his tools to get back to work. He had to put in the labour if he wanted to earn a bleat.
Hugh giggled as Stíofán bounced him on one arm while Peadar tugged on one of his horns.
“What can I say, I use a lot of energy around you,” Steve replied, running a hand over Tony’s thigh. It was tempting to keep going, keep the motor running until they were ready to go again, but Steve was hungry and Tony could remedy that.
“We’ll make it fit, put those alpha muscles of yours to good use--”
That didn’t mean, however, that he wasn’t missing Steve like a limb.
So Steve spent the rest of the afternoon learning about ants, watching them scurry about the model city and somehow managed to hit the road without any further souvenirs.
Steve yelped, jumping to his feet and stripping off his shirt to stop it soaking through. Tony swallowed as an expanse of skin and wiry muscle was revealed.
“Wow, I look like a complete knucklehead, huh?”
But that was over now.
Jarvis huffed. “Well don’t. I don’t want to think about it.”
Tony huffed. If Rogers was only going to be friendly once he knew Tony was a witch, he had another thing coming.
Steve’s eyes widened. “Howard.”
Then the man was kissing him, and Tony nearly pinwheeled back to get clear. He may not have been in a relationship at the moment, but he was not ready for
Steve’s deep tones rose and fell as he read, his voice soothing and rhythmic.
“That sounds nice,” Steve agreed, looking at the setting sun. “I think I like keeping two feet on the ground though, got all I need right here.”
Tony knew, truer than anything, that if he went with this alpha something awful would happen. He felt every hair on his body stand on end, and he fought to remain calm.
“We’re free,” Tony echoed. “We can go. We can have a future.”
Stíofán could see the sense in that. Wouldn’t do for a matron to embarrass their alpha during an important meal or at the baths. But well, for Stíofán it was hardly more than an odd novelty.
“Are you two alright?”
“No sir. Just some friendly chitchat. Nothing more. Right?” Hodge, the alpha looked at him expectantly. Tony felt a flush of anger at this man’s audacity to lie about him. But at the same time, he just wanted this to be over, and he didn’t want to make a fuss if it wasn’t needed.
Tony felt a flicker of arousal. “You’re on.”
“It’s
(See the end of the chapter for
She groaned. “Why did Pops leave it so late to go? We have to leave soon.”
Steve nodded, feeling a little numb as a hundred and one thoughts filled his head. “Right, ok, Peter’s- Fuck,” he burst out, feeling the guilt building. He’d taken off chasing bandits while his pup was sick, and his omega had had to deal with it all on his lonesome “I need to-”
“So, you know what I do,” Steve offered, swiping the last of his bread through the gravy at the bottom of his bowl. “What things do you like? I know in your letters you said you liked sewing and baking. What sort of things do you like to make?”
He brushed a hand over his tunic and put his handkerchief away. He checked the temperature of the stew in the pot with a careful hand before tucking the tea towel back into place.
“Call it what you will.” She pointed at Bruce. “Lucky for you Bruce watered my plant anyway. So it’s fine.”
“Maybe I just wanted the opportunity to see you bent over the table,” Steve smirked with a wink. His cheeks were a little pink though, which told Tony the boldness took a little more courage than it seemed. It was pretty cute.
“Slug gang? Hardly strikes fear into people, does it?”’
He scrubbed roughly at his face before some well meaning tourist noticed and offered help. He felt too raw for other people right now.
Steve shook his head. “You already are. Even if we could never do this again, you’re the sweetest, stubbornest, smartest, toughest, most beautiful omega I could ever ask for, and you light up my life just by being here. I love you more than anything.”
Peter would play with Dodger until they were both tired, and Steve and Tony would sit and chat for a while. Eventually Tony started to bring coffee for both of them to keep away the winter chill, and the heavy smell of coffee mixed with Steve’s rich cologne was starting to become his favourite scent.
They fell asleep tangled together, Stíofán strangely peaceful despite the coming challenge. He had all he needed in his arms.
When Steve had begun a simple tune, Mr Stark had tapped his long fingers along the keys with him, accompanying him perfectly, Peter in the middle humming along. It had been...rather enchanting.
Tony smiled as the door closed behind the man, giving him a friendly wave. “Hi there. You after something or just here to browse?”
“I got it!” Luis crowed, jogging back inside for a moment before returning triumphantly. “On the house.”
Bucky went red. “It just looked soft!”
Tony felt himself blush. “Thank you, sir.” It was kind of the man to compliment him even after a disastrous coupling.
He moved to a chair near the ticket office and took a seat. He’d wait for the crowd to thin, and hopefully, the alpha would find him.
He’d pulled out the sketches in wonder, seeing himself from all different angles. There was him working, flying, helping out at the bakery. He looked so happy and bright, and magical, even though he wasn’t doing spellwork in any of them. He was sure he didn’t look like this in real life.
He had advised Pepper and Morgan move there and as a result placed them directly in harm’s way. Tony was certain he could never forgive himself for this.
“We should exchange our Secret Santa gifts now,” Nat said, breaking apart the separate conversations happening. “Now that we are all here.”
“No—Tony, no!” he shouted before lowering his volume. “Sorry—but, you’re just wrong, is all. It’s my fault. God Tony—did you know I couldn’t leave your bedside for days after you got hurt? I was so sick with guilt because I should have seen that those bots on the ground were decoys and I didn’t. We all should have gone up to the tower with you and we didn’t, because I was fooled, and you got hurt because I wasn’t there in time to protect you and—“
Tony caught Steve’s eyes from across the room—they were sitting on entirely opposite ends of the large U-shaped couch that took up half of the space. He saw something that he couldn’t name lingering on Steve’s expression and it broke his heart. Maybe it was disappointment or maybe it was something else—Tony was not sure. He knew Steve thought the world of him even though he consistently gave him reasons not to. Whenever Tony wanted to feel better about himself he pretended to see himself the way Steve saw him. But here they sat, across from one another, countless unspoken thoughts hanging in the air between them.
Tony had a secondary, top-secret workshop built in the compound for dire situations like this. Only he, Rhodey, and obviously Friday, knew the location of this workshop. It was hidden away behind walls that didn’t look like doors.
“It’s okay Tony, you’re safe here. This is all confidential,” Adam encouraged.
The photo that accompanied the story was of Tony in bed, clearly naked under the covers, with bottles of alcohol on the nightstand in the background.
Instead, he laid in bed, in complete darkness, unable to bear even the smallest sliver of light. His head was pounding with a steady ebb and flow that rivaled an axe chopping into wood. Just moments earlier he had thrown up so much that there was nothing left to come up except saliva.
“I know—it’s okay, Tony. But I’m really not the one you should apologize to. You need to talk to Steve.”
The heat built up inside Steve’s lower belly faster than he anticipated. It was an overwhelming rush of blinding pleasure and it instantly sent him toppling over the edge into climax. His body shook against Tony’s—who came at the sight of Steve coming undone.
And he couldn’t help but laugh, too, because he felt that wall start to crumble.
“Don’t be stupid, Steve,” Tony laughed as they rounded the corner, nearing his room. “It was not that much trouble at all. I paid some people to do some things and they delivered. No big deal.”
“I can run in silence, you know.”
They made their way out of the party, down to the front of the tower where valet was waiting with Tony’s car, and he shot a quick text to Pepper letting her know they were leaving. Just as they reached the curb outside, a swarm of paparazzi swarmed around them. The flashing lights and shouting voices were something Tony always hated—but not having experienced it for a few years was overwhelming. He froze in fear—moments from his time in Afghanistan and fighting Thanos flashing through his mind.
“Yeah, of course you don’t, this got you out of school,” Sam countered, smacking him on the back of the head. Peter let out an overdramatic yelp.
The man squirmed and cried out in pain again.
Tony nodded, quiet.
“God—it is good to be back. Even if it’s just for a couple days. Helping Fury set up S.W.O.R.D. is exhausting work,” she sighed.
Peter just shrugged, trying to stifle the smile on his lips for the sake of staying serious in the moment.
“Yeah, me too,” Steve said. They reached for each other at the same time—settling for holding hands behind the gear shift in the center consul. He kept his body angled towards Tony and relaxed into watching him drive—like everything Tony did, he looked beautiful while driving. It was one of the many things Tony did skillfully and easily.
There were a few moments of silence that stretched out between them, but it wasn’t awkward. It was strangely comfortable and the realization of that brought comfort to Steve that the two of them really had moved beyond their first bad impressions of one another.
“You’re going to be the death of me, kid.”
“Ouch.”
“Fair enough, Cap. But I bet we get even better service tonight since Captain Handsome is in the building with his bright blue eyes and bulging arm muscles.” Tony wiggled his eyebrows, his laughter getting louder once Steve flushed and made a feeble attempt at looking upset.
