“Don’t threaten me, boy, you didn’t know who you’re messing with,” growled John with hatred in his eyes.
Came the warning down their shared link. Dean blinked rapidly and rubbed at his smarting eyes again, looking away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You never got it, did you, Mallory? The bond between myself and Dean. I gave Dean his wings, that is how he defeated all your little tests. You cannot kill me because his love sustains me. From the inception of time until we are just mere atoms I will always, unequivocally love Dean Arron Winchester. My heart belongs to him.” The angel saw the Fates’ eyes dart to his mate, but he stopped her in her tracks. “You can’t kill him like I said it works both ways. You lose.”
“Aw come on baby, come back with us, and we can show you, who killed your mommy. Then when you kill them; you become one of us.”
“Mom, this is Dean, and the commander has no idea he’s not learnt the etiquette of social interaction yet.”
Dean wondered why they even had to sit the exams and tests. They ranged from oral Enochian to angel etiquette to paper exams for Math and English. No one told him, just patted him on the head and to give his best.
Dean glances away from the mirror image of himself, but he could not tare his eyes elsewhere, too transfixed. This Dean is unique; he stands straighter, more self-assured and confident. Dresses smarter, his complexion, even his hair is better.
“You’re not in a healthy state, sweetheart. You’re underfed, and you’ve not got enough calcium in your body that’s why you have the bow in your legs. You have scars, but your angel can repair them, your mental health is a concern. The mere saving grace for your dad at this moment is your age and that you’re an Omega. We have to analyse what angel we can mate you with.” Hannah answered, but angels were not tactful.
“That’s amazing, thanks.” Dean got in. That would take him a step closer. From there, maybe he could get a bus.
Dean decided he was ready for more lessons than he found Hael at her desk. He chose math, English, Myth and Legend and Angel studies with his Enochian. Hael passed him his timetable with no arguing, and the young boy was pleased. The omega had free time around his lessons to do his outside jobs.
The angel saw the fear flash in the older Winchester eyes, but it was only fleeting. Castiel knew he would have to keep Dean safe, that John would try to get Dean back.
Anna and Charlie climbed into the elevators and took the temporary pass into Deans room. Let’s search in the bedroom; he’d not been in the sitting room.” Anna told her mate.
Dean grew angry he needed to get out of this building. Had they cut off all routes? He could hear the elevator rumbling up the shaft. They were coming for him, going to hurt him.
“Thanks.”
“I went out special to get it. Now off to bed. I don’t need to be calling the commander now, do I?”
Dean giggled again, falling forward and planting a sloppy kiss on Flynn’s lips.
By the time the class was over, they were firm friends.
“What did you come for Cas?” Dean asked puzzled, still sleepy.
“You lost her son?” Missouri asked, kindness in her tone.
“Dee.” a youthful voice shouted, and he had a lap full of one Samuel Winchester.
“Cas, you can find me without it.” laughs Dean.
“So now I have the mark of Thanos.” giggled Dean in pure delight.
“Why don’t you show me? I cannot comment on it until you do.”
Dean ate some pop tarts; he could have them if he were on his best behaviour He had three and made certain to leave behind the packet. These were trivial details, but Dean knew that they could turn into mountains.
“Fine, fine, I have news.” the demon seemed agitated.
“Please alpha, I need you.” Dean cry’s out like he’s in pain.
They ascended the stairs, and Castiel opened the door with a flick of his wrist. They entered a hall of pine; it made the place have a lighter touch to it, more so than the outside. There was room for boots, coats, which led to a laundry area washroom and sink.
“Cute.” Dean giggled.
“Oh, no clue why they think I need it.” Dean just shrugged, not unduly troubled.
I hope you’re okay? No clue what’s going on, Anna’s not saying anything. I did a little digging. The commander can feel you before the mating because your Star bonded. It’s written in the stars that you would find each other. You can heal the world, dude. Don’t give up on him yet.
“I will tell Anna. She’s cool, and I want you to meet her.”
“I have a feeling Dean, you will find what you’re seeking at the end of your journey.”
“Cas you have to explain to me what this award all about?” moaned Dean who was trying to remove at his tie.”
“You were correct, sir. Hael, Jace and Uriel sneaked Joel and Raziel into the agency. They are both Jace's and Hael’s mates. They carried out a trade, they did not want to mate, the angels nor the humans. Heal, and Jace paid them off. Uriel joined the fray because he demanded punishment on Dean after what the commander did to him. It sounds like we have another rogue angel in his garrison.”
“No ma’am, I need to contact my uncle. He lives in Sioux Falls. I need someplace safe to stay, until then.”
“Watch out,” called Dean in horror as John rushed the angel. They both fell back on to the road. They tussled and rolled over each other, trying to gain dominance of the situation. Their grunts and shouts could be heard over the rain. Uriel bashed John’s head on the road and he stilled. Binding his arms with his grace. The angel, however, had the blade sticking out of his chest cavity, not quite killing him, his grace leaking into the ether.
“I have tea, Castiel likes it.”
“No,” Dean shouted in panic. Jumping up and crossing over to the rocks. Trying in vain to stop them from closing, even deciding to get back out the way he had come. A powerful gust riled up, and he had to place a hand over his face. The sand was so intense he lost. Sitting down again and became slightly forlorn.
Getting dressed, he heard the buzz of his phone, and he picked it up.
Dean rolled his eyes and kept exploring. There was what he called a man den, with black leather armchairs and a drinks cabinet. A game room more up his street, with every known game console under the sun. The angel had loaded the games’ into a broad wooden cupboard alongside the DVDs. The room had a Blu-ray player alongside an enormous flat-screen T.V. It had a pool table and Foosball table. There was a small cinema with a large screen and seats that moved. Dean found a heated swimming pool. An office that Castiel told Dean he could not enter but had no interest in.
Dean gets two letters one he likes one he hates. He does not tell anyone about the last letter burying his head in the sand.
“Oh, you’re on my floor, I’m with Cas.”
“I know, sweetie; I could not tell you.” Charlie looked contrite.
“I have no clue then. Who else has access to this bank account?” Adam mused thoughtfully.
Crowley picks up John from the holding bay. Mertha and Dean go shopping. Dean finds a ring for his angel. Castiel finds that there is something that his mate is keeping from him and Mertha is not all that she seems.
Castiel was watching the news and seem like he was in some trance. His face flushed, his fists clenching his pyjama bottoms.
Castiel nodded at his brother in reassurance. Dean’s golden eyes glinted with playfulness, and he grabbed hold of Castiel’s hand and pulled him along.
“Yes, he went to stay with Michael and Adam this weekend. Why Kevin?”
“Cocky little shit, going to teach you a lesson,” grunted John, his face twisting into an evil grin.
“Did dad know about this?” quizzed Sam in shock.
“What do you have to say for yourself?” Castiel pushes him for an answer.
“Nor has my Adam.” Michael played with the boy’s hair and ruffled it.
Dean sulked, not liking the order. He nodded his head begrudgingly but not saying a word. If he did not commit to keeping away, he would not be breaking a promise if he needed to rescue his mate. Dean was not leaving Castiel alone to defend himself, thank you very much.
Every angel had the light, and they flew around the entire planet hand in hand, cradling the scared world with their powerful wings. The golden light flew from them and hit the Earth, and changes happened immediately.
“Nope, but just checking.” Dean winked at the older angel.
“Are you okay, darling?” Castiel asks, putting his arms around the teen.
“That’s all I have left at the moment.” Dean closed his eyes and exhaled, not wanting to panic. Getting his bag, he continued to his old room. It was hell. Lying and hurting Cas like went against his better nature. One way or the other, he hoped they could get through this.
Castiel bowed his head and placed his hand over his heart. “In his name.” the others repeated the blessing and followed the angel’s footsteps — Dean by his side as they penetrated the narrow passageways of human Hell.
“I feel better,” commented Dean. Looking better, then he had done, Charlie noticed.
Dean blushed, not liking the attention on him. He coughed, clearing his throat. “So, what happened to you guys?”
“Thanks, that would be great.”
Cheers and whoops broke free from the party of friends and family, into the summer evening’s sky.
Adam peered at the clock hung above the fireplace. It rang nine in the hour, and his eyebrows rose, and a smirk came to his face. “What are you doing with that water, anyway?”
“Yeah, I feel dizzy now.”
“Maybe he’s still there Dean, remember to reach for the light,” Kedi advised the Nephilim.
“Okay, that sounds like a good deal. Anything else, what about the water and the bracelet?” The omega sniffs.
“Dean, you’re an intelligent boy, you know what will happen if you harm that man. He’s half-demon, half-human. You kill him, you pay the price.” Gabriel told his friend.
“Try me, Dean.” Mertha snipped sternly.
Deans in the hospital doing well and Anna and Charlie come to see him. The young boy gets upset when he finally sees Castiel.
“No, we only feel our mates after bonding through heat, Dean. You read the books, taken the lessons. You would have to be something special and a word of legends to have that type of bond. I have read about it, but there’s not enough material available. Why do you ask?”
Castiel could not take his eyes off this breath-taking sight in front of him. As the angel kept watching, his mate spun faster. The air shimmered, like water rippling on a disturbed lake. Golden sparks shot off Dean and angels joined him. The atmosphere was humming, a low sound, a first like chimes blowing in a gentle breeze. But the musical stanza broke out, caressing the airwaves Dean was sending out. It fell to the very Earth and discharged, red, yellow, and pink light flew from its epicentre. The sound like rolling thunder and the starlight spread with lightning speed around the entire globe.
“No, your soul had to be pure.”
Dean trudged along the rocky passage, shafts of light puddled the cavern floor, shooting shadows off the walls. Dean stayed in the bright spots, not trusting the inconspicuous dark. Out of the corner of his eye, there was a shimmer, a shape when he twisted his head after it had gone.
Marcus and Isaac glanced at each other, nodding in silent agreement. The brothers ran behind the commander, pushing their long blond hair out of their wintery blue eyes. Their mates followed in their wake, giving them a reassuring presence of support. Passing through the portal, they could already hear the screech from the bats and the yell of angels in battle.
Seraphs: Azure
“We were told Rook broke John out of prison.” Dean piped up; confusion laced his tone.
“Why would he not be safe?” hissed Castiel, taking a stride backwards.
The angels just grinned. “Let’s show Dean his present first.” laughed Michael out loud. All three angels grabbed their corresponding mate, and the world spun.
Dean reels back, that hurt, those are his dad’s words, stupid, thick, not right for anything.
Castiel laughed, slamming his hands onto the table as it left indents of his handprints.
“My names Beth. Oh, this is my first engagement ring.” she clapped her hands together in glee.
“Where will I go?” Dean asked, trying to keep the tears at bay.
“He is my child. I thought I would give you my blessing and give you this.” Chuck handed Castiel a small black velvet bag. “You will lead Heaven’s army’s Castiel. I have faith in you.”
“I understood it was Michael,” Dean informed the angel.
Dean shook his head slightly and spread his majestic wings, his backdrop of the night’s sky, a stark contrast against the blazing sun of the Canadian summer’s afternoon. Winking at his mate, he swooped into the air, looping and twisting. His arm outstretched like some comic book superhero.
“Baby brother, how would I miss your bonding. I’m here; all dressed up; now show me where to sit.” Lucifer’s eyes twinkled. Happy to be among his family and friends. Castiel wiped a stray tear from his eye.
“I doubt that, Gabriel. Not because of Dean, but because of me. I-I let him down, followed orders.”
“Thank you for everything, Aggie,” Dean told her.
“You seem lost?”
“I don’t want you to smite me or anything, I quite like our nest,” Castiel told his mate.
“I have been helping Lucifer’s garrison to the topside, he’s hurt Commander his wing, but he’s okay.”
“What do you mean, Cas?” Dean asked.
“I have bequeathed that message to Gabriel.” The angel grinned smugly and went about making waffles.
“I will Castiel. Just make sure Deans safe. He will be that man’s primary aim now.” Jody said.
“Did you require some help?” The angel looked at the boy and wanted to help; he had little affection in his brief life.
“I see the entrance to the next cave commander.” Gzrel voiced, pleased that she had found an escape route.
“I will.”
“Dean! Love are you well?”
Dean glanced over his shoulder and grinned. “I might do that red.”
The air was so sweet, people could breathe for the first time. There were no illnesses left in people’s bodies, the dead rose again, and joined their loved ones. The damned, those who could no longer walk on this new Heaven on Earth, they were shipped to Hell but watched by Crowley’s demons. The new King of Hell, for even demons, have a heart. Not everything you experience is invariably black and white, good or bad.
“Dean, he wanted me back then? He’s grown to love me.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean whispered shyly.
Pie-Planet Impala
Stollen-Germany
“I’m having a baby,” Dean whispered like it was a forbidden secret.
“You need to sign the book Dean, and so do you, commander.”
Charlie went into Deans rooms. There was no trace of activity, the shutters drawn. Going through to the bedroom, she noticed a lump snuggled beneath the comforter. Pulling an armchair closer to the bed, she looked at a black feather sat on the bedside table. She reached out for it, but a sound stopped her.
Charlie closed her eyes. Castiel knew only one way to kill a Wisp. They were spirits, cast out of Heaven, and Hell for being unclean. Spent eternity wondering about the earthly planes. So, it astonished him to find one this deep underground. Castiel got his bayonet out and cut his wrist, letting his grace flow out. Tainting his sword, he whispered to Charlie.
Dean and Zeta garrison are stuck in Hell fighting a beast. Castiel and his garrison, face an uphill battle from demon bats.
“Then pack tomorrow, and we will have you moved by the end of the week. We can’t mate yet until your heat. I don’t predict that will happen until after your eighteenth birthday. You can have the spare room. I’ve added a room on the second floor until then.”
Gabriel smirked at her. “No, darling Mertha, you have the power, making me candy’s I adore.”
There was a scuffle of movement from behind them; he felt a warm hand on his back. There he found a furious alpha angel in full protection mode stood a little in front of him.
“Come on, we best get back.”
“I need to stop in here,” Dean tells the angel.
“That leaves the angel blade,” Crowley stated.
“I’m sorry, Dean, it scared me to lose you.” Charlie sniffed.
“Abuse? I know they mistreat most kids but-”
Dean knows he has to move on and gets a lift from a werewolf. Though he meets a person he least expects in the dark of the night. Castiel finds out that Deans gone. Will he find him in time?
“I’ve been reading up on angels, Dean. Do you go all badass if someone attacks your nest?” Sam asked excitedly.
“I would say he has about an hour until he needs help. So, you either get his permission to bond or take him to Anna’s and Charlies. They will tend to him. Then I will be back; we need to talk Castiel.” the God vanished, and it was dark once more. Castiel had not noticed how light it had become with his dad nearby.
“Why would you even think that? I can sense your scared, your anguish. Tell me, Dean, that’s all I ask.”
“You’re in your last year, Dean; they will cover that. Even we angels learn new things every day.” Ambriel piped up.
Meanwhile, back in the enormous room, Castiel and the rest of the garrison are fighting the Hell beasts. A figure in a blood-red dress steps forward in the disharmonious racket of the fighting creatures. She clicks her fingers, the creatures all stop.
XxXxXx
“It was like a flash. You know pictures like a movie, in my head. I can feel his mood. I don’t get it.”
“I love you; I’m sorry, so sorry I can’t be what everybody needs. Sorry that I’m stupid and was born wrong.”
He thinks to himself, I just went all omega on my angel.
Castiel gathers him up, proud of how the young boy handled himself, and how he knew how to handle a demon. Would like to meet the person who taught him. It won’t be John, no it would be someone who looked after the boy.
“I should have guessed why you two became friends.” laughed Anna looking warmly at the friends. The angel smiled at the two humans. It was the first time her mate had found a genuine friend. Dean would be in her life for a long time, she could hear that now.
“I’m angry with you, so please be quiet. If I have a problem, I will tell you. I will come to you. You tell me I should share my feelings, yet you do the complete opposite.”
The others watched on with determined faces, never to let Dean’s birthday pass with him being alone and feeling unloved again.
Dean shook the offered hand. “Thanks for everything Michael, I finally found a place where I belong.”
“Cas, what’s going on?” Dean muttered, trying to figure out what the news anchor was reporting. And the flash of pictures that proceeded it.
“Would you like to get a cup of tea?” Dean asked the lady.
Gabriel comes forward and whistles. “Remind again me never to get on his bad side.”
“We’re very sorry, I had no idea you knew our language; that was remiss of me,” Hael said babbling, looking at the youngster’s badge and then the computer screen and her eyes becoming large. “Your Castiel’s mate?”
“Hell for certain, it’s in Kentucky.” Charlie giggled at the shock on her friend’s faces.
“Oh, angel, I love you too, so very much. I know I’m young, but you complete me. I’m not scared when you’re near. I feel a thousand feet tall like I can fight for my dreams.”
Anyway, Cas and Dean are a little stuck until I can get back to it.
“Yes, please ma’am five hundred.”
He thought,
“Darn it. Let me speak to Mickey over angel radio. Kevin, I met my mate over three hundred years ago. In the days, we did not have security as we do now. The elders are all targets. They took Amy from me, so now we put bracelets on our mates so we could track them. They classed Castiel as an elder when he became the commander of Gods own army. Has the same rights as an archangel, so they gave Dean the bracelet.”
“Hey, Harry, thanks for that book,” Dean shouts at the top of his voice.
“Dean, thank Chuck Cas found you.” Charlie tried to break from Castiel’s hold.
“I-I don’t know why angel radio does not work in Hell?” Dean shrugs, not wanting to give the link away he and his mate have.
“Cassie, he knocked you on your ass?” wheezed Gabriel, holding his sides with laughter.
Warnings: Underage drinking and reckless behaviour. Reference and acknowledgement to self-harm. Language. Abusive behaviour toward others. Angel powers are used.
Dean opened his eyes slowly. He could smell the soft scent of pine, rosemary, and winter Jasmine. The pine trees towered overhead, and the flowers dotted around their grey trunks. A stone-paved path led up to a wooden cabin — the lawn a vibrant green for the time of year. The cabin was three storeys tall with a porch and steps up to the front door and a garage inbuilt into the house. The wood was deep mahogany that blended in with the wild scenery. No other homes cluttered the landscape.
“Charlie, it’s ok, I’m away from my dad. I read some books. They say I have this
An arm reaches for him, Dean hustles it away. “So, we meet again son?”
The omega searched for something to eat. The winter’s night was gloomy, no moon to light his way. He pulled his coat around himself to ward off the chill. He wished he had a scarf and gloves, another part to add to his wish list. Walking towards the light of the stores, he heard a noise behind him, hairs on the back of his neck prickled. His heart rate picked up, and he strode a little quicker. Greedy hands turned him around as they thrust him into a wall.
“Was when you did something bad?” Charlie finished for him.
Thankful for the change of subject, Dean pulled Adam up to their rooms. The boys left each other outside and went to get a shower. Dean searched for the hangar with his dress uniform. Placing it on the bed, he opened it up.
Dean had felt nothing like it. He was hard in his pants but knew he could not touch himself by instinct alone. So, he just laid there under his angel knowing he was loved maybe for the first time in his life.
Castiel’s tongue now fucking his hole, the angel lapping it up like it’s the best buffet he’s ever tasted. Castiel drops Deans legs and rubs a finger in the wet heat of his pulsing hole. Then a second, making sure he’s stretched.
Dean and Castiel are battling the forces of Hell, again. Charlie finds Castiel and along the way, they find a long lost friend.
I will hold your hand if you need it, talk to me, shout, fling pies all fine... xxx
“I will come with you, Cassie,” Gabriel stated unhappily, and not his usual dynamic self.
The angel choir remained in a semi-circle, all turned out in white holding flickering candles. They sang ‘
Anna hugged her mate, and sent her on her way, then ran down the corridor and at the human entrance flew to the lobby.
“Brother, this is a test. Chuck needs for you to take this ultimate step.” Mertha pattered Castiel on the tenderly on the hand.
Dean was not positive what to conclude for the next week. What were the rules? Did he still have to be in bed by nine? Did he even have to drink the two litres of water? Was he still on the restricted diet? He had no clue. Going to ask Pam and Mertha they had no instructions, so he spent the week as normal. Doing his classes and any homework and not staying up awfully late. He missed Charlie and Adam, but he could face-time them and text, so that helped tremendously.
“You love it.” giggles Dean. “At least he’s attentive to your needs.”
Dean beamed back at the older angel. “I love you, Castiel.”
Dean nodded, unsettled.
Gabriel stood with John in the holding room. Crowley materialised with Zad. They both bowed in respect.
The bottle of oil fell to the ground, but it did not hurt the angel. Castiel could feel the black ooze from John try to seep into him, it tried to invade his very grace. But Castiel was far too strong, was a hardened warrior, was like a God himself. Castiel let out a chilling laugh at the evil’s last try to gain ground. Then Castiel ended his miserable existence, and pressed harder on its head, and turned it to dust. The zap of light imploded, and a flash lit up the cave as the light sucked back into Castiel’s hands. And then there was nothing.
I won't be about for a couple of days due to my operation tomorrow. I hope you have enough updates to last until then.
Castiel could feel the anguish, the twisting pain that was coming from Dean. So, he put on his alpha voice and forbid Dean from even going down to the lower levels. Dean knew what he had done, giving him a chance to obey him. To take over this aspect of his life, so he felt no obligation. The boy knew if he wanted to, his mate and family would be by his side all the way. To face the man, he formerly called dad.
“Yes, love. Go gather your friends.”
“Jace, I thought you got my note? Dean is Castiel’s; he will be on the top floor. Make certain you give him the bracelet or the commander won’t be pleased.”
The angels nodded and stuck around for their brother to come back. They both knew when he appeared; he will have his mate in tow.
Gabriel ran to hug Lucifer, not seeing his older brother for many moons. “Come on, Cassie; Dean will be here soon. We need to have you standing at the altar.”
“Oh, fuck,” Dean screams, grasping on to the bedsheets, feeling nothing like this in his life before. It’s like all his nerve endings are on fire, electric zips through his body, his cock is dripping pre-cum. Dean continues to stroke his engorged member merely to have his hand knocked off. He whines, but it earns him a growl.
Doro Wat-Ethiopia
“I thought you lost to me, Joe. I have wronged you, and it will take a lifetime for me to make it up to you. You are brave, a hero from what others sing.”
Clearing of throats behind him, Castiel turned. “Commander, we sorted the humans out there are none left, but more will return. We better start heading toward the stone room.”
Dean smiled and squeezed the angel’s hand. “I can’t wait for that angel. Are you ready for our next adventure?”
“Although we mate for life, there is a slight loophole, like all fathers’ dealings in such matters. We get a second chance if our mate were human, and they don’t want to bond. We can't share their heaven if they don't wish for us to do so. With you and Castiel, this is not a concern. Your Nephilim for one and have bonded, in every way possible. It will be much harder to kill either of you. I look at the way you are around each other. I have never seen a bond like it, or ever again I would imagine.”
Dominions: Violet
“You took it and ripped that up? It was a gift, you, dick.” Dean pushed the bully down onto the floor. “Leave my friend’s alone, that’s your only warning.”
“I think either mom neglected to tell him, or he knew and had no clue at all about angels. When we entered the agency, he had no notion they could mind read and heard all he said.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s great Sammy, truly proud of you. Castiel wants you to have a guardian angel of sorts. So, when your powers develop, they can aid you.”
“I know. I had not realised.” Chuck dropped his head in shame.
Hael looked shocked but nodded her head the other angel just laughed and agreed.
“Dean was hungry when he got in, so we made certain he ate. I told him about Adam, so he wanted to check him out to see if he was a snoop.”
Dean grinned when he saw a Ravenclaw clock ticking away just up from the bookcase.
“What’s that? Shirt off, buddy.” Pam’s eyes grew at the blossoming bruise on his torso and arms. “Ok, talk, what the heck happened?”
The world ends as we know it. Castiel and Dean and the angel renew the world and help save everyone.
Dean finds a hotel and gets help in finding Sam and Bobby. Dean tells Sam all about his angel heritage on the drive back to Bobby's.
Michael crossed his hand over the rings. “Samuel chose this poem. Perfect for Dean and Castiel’s present situation. I too thought it apt for the blessing.”
“Stay, please,” Charlie whispered in his ear.
“It’s, my-our-nest.”
Castiel tutted and removed the lip with his thumb. “What’s scary love?”
“Commander, we discovered a child in an alleyway, by 3rd street. Demons surround him. What are our orders?”
“Yes, sir.” Anak closed his eyes, and in moments Galgalliel and Ophaniel arrived swiftly, holding their mates between their arms.
“Whatever’s the matter, sister?” Gabriel asked Hannah.
“Sure sister, no one will get past me.” Joe turned and came face to face with an angel.
The chapters will be getting longer from now on.
“Sam, his or her close family and friends will share an angels’ nest. We by nature live in a community. Angels are likewise territorial; alphas and omegas have killed those they persevere as a threat to their nest. The downstairs rooms of a nest are open to those an angel invites. The second floor is for mates and their fledgelings no one should evade that space. Either the alpha or omega would kill them. The alpha or omega would observe it as a challenge for their mate, and if there are fledgelings, it would not be a pleasant sight. We have guest rooms in the attic, but there are stairs down to the lower floors. Until Dean comes of age, I cannot allow anybody into the nest; not even family. I would feel that as a direct threat. You will both be welcome when Dean’s heats passed; however, for now, we will visit you. You can contact Dean anytime, and his appointed guard or I will bring him.”
“You’re a weak, willed coward, put the noose around your neck, and do something right for once in your life.” Jeered mirror Dean, leaning slightly closer, watching the real Dean’s every motion.
“Why don’t you come to us, instead of playing up?”
“Mmm sure angel, just you remember that.” Dean winked and ran up to the second floor.
Dean hid in the walk-in closet, in the master bedroom. Hidden among the plentiful, multi-coloured dress shirts, covering his quivering hand over his lopsided toothy grin. Not wanting to give his confined sanctuary up just yet.
“Castiel and Dean, as your hands are bound, now, so your lives and spirits are joined in the union of a bond. The bond, of love, trust and always. You are now mated for life, only seeking each other’s comfort, in solace and happiness. Above you are stars and below you are earth. Like the stars, your love should be a constant source of light, and like the earth, a firm foundation from which to grow. May this bond be blessed on this day and forevermore. May you always have the strength to hold each other during the storms, stress and the dark of disillusionment. May this bond remain tender as the hands that bind you, nurture each other in their wondrous love. May those hands that bind the bond heal, protect, shelter, and guide each other.”
“Angels live together they aren’t solitary creatures. We thrive on family, community. I have assigned Anna a new task back in the agency, and so has Charlie.” Castiel told the eager mates.
“Hello Dean, how are you doing? You look healthier than the last time we met.”
Castiel takes Dean back to there nest and puts his mark on his omega for all the world to see.
“Dean, I upset her.” Castiel shut his mouth when Dean pivoted toward him.
A whoosh of wings came next to him, and he heard running feet. Castiel and Gabriel ran into the ring of angels. They bowed to their brothers and sisters. Witnessed nothing like this on earth before. Castiel turned his eyes upon his mate.
Castiel and Dean went up a cramped passage, still linked by their hands. They had to treck single file. Castiel kept stealing glimpses at his omega like he was trying to work a difficult conundrum out, his eyebrows set into a deep furrow.
“Hey, Dean.” grins Charlie, who entered the hospital room with her angel mate Anna.
“Remember my love, the closer to that stone we get they will plant objects in the way. We get close to it; they will realise we know about it. All your nightmares will come true; they will do anything to turn you around or make you suffer and forget about the stone.” Castiel looked at Dean with frustration in his grace.
“Oh, his father is going to love that.” she grinned.
“This way, darling angel.” his green eyes dance with something Castiel could not identify right at that moment.
Castiel moved Dean closer to the sidewall away from the door in case she tried anything. There were ten angels in all stood in the room. The Fate lifted her hands, and they all shot through the door, and iron bars slid in place.
“Yes, they thought they could mess with me, behind your back. Told me they could bring mom back that kind of crap.”
Crowley stood there looking dapper in his charcoal grey suit and blood-red tie. “Hello, love, nice to see you again.”
“Hush now, love. It’s okay. I know you’re sorry.”
The room was a square, with a two-way mirror at one end of the wall. The walls painted gunmetal grey, with a metal table bolted to the floor. The chairs were also mental and bolted down. They secured John with magical cuffs on his arms and legs, to the concrete, reinforced floor. There were sigils, ingrained in every surface; there was no escape from this room.
“Cas, no,” Dean yelled out. Mallory chuckled and moved her hand, and he flew at the wall, breaking the plaster. He could not move, she had immobilised him. Her diamond eyes glinted with indefatigable glee. Castiel was still down for the count. She stomped on his hand with ten-inch black pointed heels and laughed aloud.
“I’m’ an all-knowing being Castiel, but there are many people on this planet to watch over. Dean was not the only human that was fated to be a match. I watched every child. I had no clue how bad things had got with John. The fact I had to call on a demon to get Dean out. I was beside myself with worry that I had failed the boy. Alastair was a lower level demon working for Lucifer. I knew I needed to get Dean out of the house. John was greedy, so the suggestion of accepting money worked. He knew his wife was an angel but did not know of them. This luck was on our side if he had known I fear he would never have gone with the plan to get Dean into the agency. I had no clue that my children would play a big part in hurting you and Dean.” Chucks face had gone stormy at the mention of his children’s betrayal.
Remember when life gives you lemons make a pie. Always keep fighting x
“You can go now, but come next Tuesday, and we will begin. I need to get my lesson plans done for you.”
“Castiel, Francis and his mom were helping me,” Dean told the enraged angel.
Castiel was watching his lover and his dad. Proud of his Dean for sticking up for those people who cared for others. Those who wanted that second chance. “I will be right at your side, love, holding your hand.”
Castiel grabs hold of his arm. “You will, and you will accept your punishment.”
The boy’s turned when there was a clearing of throats. Mertha, Castiel and Michael were standing there. Eyes blazing, arms crossed, looking pissed at them.
“Hey, there now let me breathe. How are you doing sugar? You look like a bunch of hellhounds are after you.”
“Flynn and Kate, speak with your angels because we are having a sleepover in the common room tonight. Midnight feast, late night at the movies.” Dean grinned at them, hoping he would have some enjoyment out of this mess.
“Then maybe he should have been around for Dean, I assumed he cared, but I was wrong. Anna said he should have been in the hospital. She was not pleased.”
‘ Thought Bobby, who studied the feather. “He wants to see you, come with me.”
“Uriel, are you okay?” screamed Dean trying to get up.
“You need me to push him?” Dean’s voice broke, holding on tightly to the other angel.
Running into the long-forgotten coal mines, the angels passed into the thin portal that separated Hell from Earth. The angels could not fly into the entrance because it would disintegrate their wings. The temperature changed, and the rush of evil would render them ineffective.
“Let me in love, and I will tell you.”
“It’s an honour to meet you, sister.” Dean chirped, happily.
The underpass was pleasantly warm, a shock from the last room. Dean took a closer inspection of the slime and wished he hadn’t bothered. The green light emitted from protrusions that looked like porcini mushrooms. Strangely they had little limbs that shook, and when he came closer, their microscopic eyes widened on stalks, and the creatures hissed and tried to bite him with pincer-like teeth. After that, he kept to the middle, far away from the walls.
“Cas, please I-I need you,” begs Dean, clutching on to the angels back, leaving fingernail marks like railway tracks in his wake.
“Commander, please bring him back safe,” Hannah whispered. The rest of the angels were on their knees in honour of the magnificent angel in front of them.
Dean meets several new faces in the human part of the agency and gets to know the place.
“Michael, we desire your help, brother. I have to get Dean out of the agency. I intend to investigate if Jace and Hael are behind the harassing episode. All three youngsters have vanished in the recent incident concerning Dean.”
“You have no clue, do you? Dean is mine, just as I am Deans. I will not tell you about him because you will never see what an amazing person he is and its wasted breath on you. He has people who love him, and that’s all that matters. You are a disgrace, nothing, dirt under my boot. I can’t wait to wipe your snivelling existence off the face of this planet.”
Flower Meanings:
There came a knock on the door, and a female stepped in with a stethoscope around her neck. “This is Pam she’s our physician, specialises in human health. Dean, I’m going to talk to Pam just for a moment in angel language it will be swifter, I don’t want you to think we are rude.”
They made loaves of bread with nuts and fruits and ordinary bread rolls. Mertha had a turkey, suckling pig, and ham roasting in the enormous ovens. Apple and prune stuffing and mashed and roast potatoes. Red cabbage, and honey carrots, and collard greens and kale. A Greek and octopus salad smoked salmon and trout. Also, Doro Wat, meats and cheese of every description. Fresh tropical fruits, thick creamy rice pudding with hot cherry sauce, Kerststol, Stollen, apple and pecan pies. Dean had never seen so much food in one place before. His mouth watered with anticipation at the magnificent feast.
Charlie chattered next to him, telling her friend about her new home next to the coast and the groups she had joined. Suddenly Dean grasped his head and yelped in surprise.
“Thank you, father. Will you tell Dean’s family?”
“Yes, Dean, but it’s an enormous building. There are school blocks and bedrooms — also a communal area, coffee shops and a food hall. There are movies every night and a play in the theatre. We have an arcade, and there is an outdoor area. A garden is a nice place if you seek solitude.”
Dean looked back and frowned. High above them, the arms of the beast were fighting the angels and omegas. Slashing and grabbing them by its tentacles. One angel hung upside down, and Charlie and Sandy tried in vain to free her.  Dean noticed two things; the monster made hardly any sound, and low on the floor the beast took no notice of him or his injured friends.
“Recite it at the top of your lungs. I will kill it, Ok, start.”
XxxXxXxX
The archangel went through to the passageway where Jace’s desk was. “Hello, sister, you busy today?” Gabriel sat on the edge of her desk and unwrapped a sucker and popped it into his mouth.
Anna nodded and gave him the clothes that Gabriel had brought. “I will call Cassie when you come down.”
XxxxxX
Castiel’s eyes blinked as he readied his hand. “After three, my omega.”
Anna went over to her mate and stuck her arm around her. “No sweetheart, but we require your help. Commander Castiel’s worried about Dean; he’s gone missing.”
“Yes, commander.” Marcus croaked, his voice gone horse.
“It’s been trying to lead me astray; I knew something was not right. Deans not shy, nor would he call me sweetheart. They do not treat their omegas well down here. They forget others treat them better. I knew it was not my Dean, from how it acted around me.”
“Charlie, tell me you have good news?”
“I would think less off you if you didn’t. Well, I will take my leave. I hope you can manage Alastair? He won’t have many minions with him. I have slaughtered most of his followers.” And with that, the demon vanished in a puff of black smoke.
Madan bowed down. “I would let no harm happened to any omega in my care commander. I was telling the truth. Dean, you must kill her, it is the only way to break her spell.”
“N-Nothing.” he lied.
“Dean, what’s wrong?”
“Dean got you a gift?”
“Don’t worry, I have a friend that owns an omega motel she can put you up.”
“My Cas has a temper, and he thinks before he speaks. I may get pissed myself. I will ask for the ring back. That will kill him.” Dean sighed sadly, not wanting this to happen one iota.
Warning (Bullying, Dean gets hit by his tormentors.)
Bobby, you’re giving Dean away and Sam, you will have the ring.” Castiel looked over at Dean’s uncle and brother.
Dean realised that the angel was nervous, and he felt it, the buzz humming all over his body.
Mertha snorted. “They were fooling with you honey, he was born like that. Anyway, Castiel became a worrier and rose among the ranks. No one could beat him, well only Lucifer. They entrusted Gabriel with his care; he was protective of Castiel. Loved him, nurtured him, but likewise brought that fun side out that he lacked.”
“Angel, please, I need you,” Dean begs again, needing his mate, requiring this bond to click into place.
The two boys got more punches in, and Dean guessed it would be wise not to offend them anymore.
“I have never cried as much since I joined the agency.” Dean laughed, feeling slightly unbalanced about his show of emotion.
“See that he gets it. I need to sort my garrison out after what Uriel did.”
"Chuck gives us all free will; you have a good and a bad side in all of us no matter if you’re a lofty angel on high or a demon from the depth of hell. The Fates can stop dads restart on humanity, but they have to balance that out."
One by one, everyone followed out of the chapel into the common area. Castiel was not letting go of Dean’s hand.
Dean woke up and scrubbed at gummy eyes. He yawned and scratched his belly. Going for a shower to rouse himself, he got dressed. He’d been here for two days now and knew he must move on. There was a dinner called Marys very apt, he thought to himself. Knowing this was the day he had to leave. Having an ample breakfast, grateful for the money that Adam had given him, keeping him away from surveillance. Dean had texted his best friends informing them he was on the move, but not where he was. They would have to notify their mates, and he did not wish to put them in that position.
“We will.” They all shouted.
“You kissed me with all the cameras around,” Dean gasped in awe.
“What! You still want me like that?” Castiel probed incredulously.
Castiel made certain no humans were in the immediate area. Walking rapidly up the trail he knew would lead to one gate of Hell. A team of angels from Eta garrison were waiting for him there.
They end up in the long narrow corridors fighting, slashing maiming the humans, that have such twisted souls they don’t care if they kill anyone. Hell recruited them they will get a reward. Dean hears a scream ring out, and he turns a human has Charlie cornered, so he doubles back and stabs it with an angel blade. The blackened shell of the individual cries out and perishes in a puff of black smoke.
. He choked, feeling dizzy and disoriented. Not an ailment angels should feel. Dean needed him, he just knew it, something inside of him told him so. Trying to communicate, not wanting to give the game away, but there was still a mental block. Castiel did not give up, would not give up. So down the link, he sent warmth, love and hope to his mate. He loved Dean, and if he was there for Dean to shine, so be it. All he desired was his boy, he would undertake everything for him. He loved Dean with everything he had, with all his grace, and they would not stop him from getting to him.
Shortly after they entered, Castiel held his hand up, wanting to regroup. “Anna, take the Beta garrison. Kedi take your team into the tunnels but leave Adam, Joe, Charlie, and Dean with me. Flynn and Sandy go with Kedi okay, be safe.” The omegas nodded, not looking happy but following orders.
Pulling off Deans boxers, he hisses when his cock jumps, grazing his stomach. Castiel shimmies out of the confines of his shorts.
“You should have taken care of him, it was your job,”
“They could challenge me; there are yet old family’s out their Dean. We must withhold some traditions. Though if I thought, you needed punishment that would be in private.”
“Yes, sir.” Dean hung his head in shame.
I spend a lovely afternoon looking through winter flowers of Texas and Log Cabins for sale in the Texas area. Don't say I don't research my fics lol
Dean ran to his uncle after Gabriel promised to take the two humans to a hospital.
“The Cohan award for the male and female who have academically come top of their graduating class are Sandy Miller and Jake Finch.” Everyone clapped for Sandy and Jake.
Dean sees Castiel and Michael after his therapy session. They had interviewed Charlie and some other humans and have viewed tapes. The angels desire to hear Dean’s side of the story.
“Oh, Cas wanted me in bed by nine, but I’m sixteen, not six.”
“I can if you need me. I will speak with Chuck. Talk with Batman and Anna, see if they can help.”
Castiel huffed at the indignation of the question. “Of course.” The angel shook his head like carrying three teenagers would be a problem for him.
Castiel called for his garrison to carry Uriel away and put him in prison. First, he needed to deal with Dean. There came an urgent tapping on his door. He called for the person to enter, tracking his fingers through his thick black hair.
“That's ok, Mertha, I have my orders.” Amber went back to her desk.
Dean nodded and continued up to his room. Once there, he pinned the program up with tape so he could look at it. Drinking water (only because he wanted to), he sat down. There was not much to do before Charlie got out of class.
Adam sat straighter and nodded, “You’re right, I’m sorry.”
“Your last test was for you to step away from John. To learn forgiveness. By doing that you let his punishment get tried by a court, not by your soul. Your soul would have become tarnished if you had murdered him that day.”
“Dean drank little water, here’s his bracelet.”
Castiel grasped Dean’s chin and faced him. The only light was from the blue glow of his grace; his black feathers were blocking out any light from the room.
“What! Cats got your tongue, human?”
Castiel’s smirked now seeing the realisation on Johns’ face; he also his team had left him. Like all bullies, they were cowards when they were on their own.
“Why did you laugh at Mallory’s name?”
“Thanks for breakfast guys. Will it be okay if I shower now? I smell awful.” Dean sniffed at himself and pulled a face.
“Dude anywhere will be wonderful.”
“Take him home, brother. We will sort this filth out.”
Castiel takes him by the hand and leads him back downstairs.
“The spare room was a compromise of sorts. You can still have your room here at the agency if you wish until you come of age. So, leave a change of clothes. I want you near me.”
Astra won’t care if he does it. It will just be me doing all the work. That’s why he plays up so she will notice him.”
“Go to my uncles? Yes, but not yet. I will remain here until you guys leave. I need the money and a safe place to stay. That’s where you will come in, that’s if you will help me?”
Dean gapes in shock. Did his angel think that? Blaming himself for how he gained his powers and Uriel’s death. This was stopping now. So, he stalked over to the arguing pair. “First, I dislike that my private life’s being aired all over the academy. This is my life, and you have no right to break my trust like this. Second, Charlie, Castiel and I have sorted this out. I may not have spoken to you about it, but he wanted me, all along. You have no right to challenge him. It’s disrespectful.”
“Amber, I need to get up to visit Dean. Mertha and I have to run up to his room. Call Gabriel and Pam, this is a level two emergency. Sound the alarms.”
“Castiel, what’s wrong? Why are you here?” Anna asked in a panic.
Dean only had eyes for his angel. That thick black mop of hair that his angel could never tame. His beautiful, enchanting wings flowed in the gentle breeze of the afternoon. His smoky blue suit seemed to enhance his glowing eyes. A yellow rose sat in his buttonhole, and a blood-red handkerchief lay in his pocket. His tie was slate grey with a white dress shirt. The smile on his face matched the happiness in his dazzling blue eyes.
Dean nodded in agreement. “I missed him and Uncle Bobby, but until Johns caught Cas says its best for me to remain here at the agency.”
“I’m far from perfect, my omega. I wanted it nice, in case you came back.”
Dean leaned into the angel’s firm body, and Castiel pulled him in closer.“I’m never letting go again.” whispered the angel.
“Yeah, thanks, Dean. I can’t imagine living with someone like the commander; he’s kinda a badass.”
“The others have gone ahead, right?” whispered Kate, her voice reverberating around the cave.
“I’m pleased to see you here today.” Michael beamed at all the students focusing on him. “Your progress may be hard, entering a different reality. Angels have chosen human mates for thousands of years, and we take the responsibility seriously. Watching you grow, tending to you, encouraging you to face your true worth, in our society. We promise to propel you towards a stronger future. Though we have awards for academic progress, using your intelligence and resources is an excellent part of one’s self. Kindness, heart, charity, and patience are likewise a remarkable accomplishment to grasp. We require many elements from our mates but expect love and support back from your angels. Go out into the world and know that we are proud of every one of you.”
Two weeks had gone by when Adam came to call. “How are you, Dean?”
“Hey now, we all make mistakes, some more than others. You did an excellent job. Even did them pans I was moaning about? You’re a good boy Dean, don’t let others pull you down.”
“I think there’s a window open somewhere. This feather blew in. Did you hear anything from Crowley?”
“Yes. Zadkiel contacted me before I came back, about Joel and Raziel. He got help from a witch. They can’t harm another if they do, they will feel blinding pain. It draws them to help the needy, help charity that kind of situation.”
“You were going to.” hissed Dean, “That’s why I ran, or have you forgotten?”
“Come over here Dean, let me finish this, let me end your miserable existence,” shouted John with malice in his black eyes.
They walked another corridor, this time a dark blue carpet covered the floor, and the corridor washed in a baby blue. Hannah knocked on the door at the end of the passageway and waited.
“Oh, thanks. I guess I will catch you guys later.”
Dean jumped, this time he was on a sandy beach the calm, blue water, and the serene sky did not match his mood. Grabbing a smooth stone, he threw it into the water. Dean saw the circles spreading out around the calm ocean before him. He thought that was much like his life. John killed his mom, and the consequences to his actions rippled wider and affected the world around him. John was the stone, and he was the circle ever-expanding outwards. Spreading his wings, he flew, knowing exactly where his dad was.
Gabriel laughed, no one hurt his family, and John Winchester would not be the one that brought them down.
He's one I made earlier. Enjoy. Again thanks for your awesome comments. Night talk again soon x Much love x
Thrones:  Navy blue.
“Nice to greet you my name’s, Dean.”
“You’re Nephilim, but we demons work a specific way. Leave it to us. Your conscience can be clear, Dean.”
“What’s wrong, Dean?” Adam asked.
“Yeah, it sounds awesome.”
“No brother, that I have not.” Madan shakes his head sadly.
Dean finds out about the mystery angel, that's been hanging around the agency. They get ready for the upcoming graduation.
Anna guided him down into a white wooden chair. “Eat, then shower. Gabriel brought you some clothes. We’re all concerned about you, Dean.”
“They can identify if we have equipment like that, it will flag on the system. Even Anna as access to the sites I access you have to be careful.” Charlie tells her friend. “I have a spare, I can get it now, and it’s an iPad. I can switch the censors off for your room.”
Dean just grinned and nodded. “My mamma would not want it any other way.”
Dressing in blue jeans and a plain green tee-shirt, getting ready for the day. Adam and Charlie greeted him.
“Cas,” moaned Dean, his panting loud.
“Yes, so hard. It will hurt, but you have to. There is no alternative way, sweetie.”
Castiel scoops Dean up and takes him back to their nest. The angel got Dean undressed and tucked him up in bed. Castiel watches over him like he knows he should have done all along.
Dean stared at the crumpled note that was tucked in his pocket and knocked on the door. An old man opened it. He had wizened skin and walked with a frame.
Castiel nodded and pulled Jada into her office to get him to put him in the system. Walking over to the elevators, he rode them to the top floor. Getting out, he got closer to Dean's room but was thrown with force on to his ass.
“Angels are not connecting with their mate’s. Humans, halfling, we are losing out on vital information. They are extremely scared to voice their problems. So, we want a human, and Nephilim representative in the agency, they can come to you. Now I’ve spoken with many people, and they admire and respect you. Apart from the minor blip we won’t mention, your slates are clean.”
“Sure, come to my room.” Dean followed his brother up the stairs to his room.
“I am sorry for anything I said or did towards you. You’re a good brother.” With that, he jumped to the window and opened it. “I’ll see you soon brother.” Uriel opened his grey and white mottled wings and flew down to earth.
“Yeah, I can do that.” Dean rushes off, and Castiel watched him go. Trying to keep the anxiety out of his mood, so his mate does not notice.
Dean found night attire and had a quick wash. Only managing half the bottle of water. The forest sounds ceased, and he sighed. Switching off the fading light, he stumbled into a dreamless slumber.
Warning: Mild gloop and gore.
“Commander, don’t let the Nephilim out of the room.” the room suddenly lit up, sigils on the wall, went bright yellow. “Again, yourself commander, that was your sigil, you are both trapped. We can spell yours off, but Dean, it can harm him.”
“Ouch.”
“Dude, wow,” Dean giggled, not holding back.
“I know buddy.” Dean ruffled the smaller boy’s hair it had grown so long it covered his eyes. “I want us to stay with Uncle Bobby.”
Dean nods his thanks. “I need to get my hands on a computer, need one in my room.”
Castiel groaned, pulling his fingers through his thick black hair. “Part of me wants to wrap him in cotton wool and never let him out of the nest. Part of me wants to let him spread his wings and fly. I have never had such conflicting feelings before, brother.”
“Thanks, man.” Dean plastered a fake smile on his face and got off the bus. His heart was beating fast. Walking to the toilets, he did his business and walked out. The omega noticed the bus driver was still watching him.
Gabriel smirked. “Leave that to me, no one messes with my family and gets away with it.”
“Affirmative captain.” Dean picked up his gun and shot round after round at the demons.
“What are you? What do you want from me?” Dean shouted, exacerbated, fed up with the games.
“Let’s see if he returned to the human quarters, first before we panic Castiel.”
“Yeah, why?”
“What’s the point in keep doing it then?” Dean asked the girl.
“It’s like the original settlers knew that something was wrong with the places they lived,” Joe announced to the group.
“It’s a little scary.” Dean declared, biting his lip.
“Tell him that. What you just told me; tell him that’s a lesson just there.” Dean told the older boy.
The truck driver saw his target get into the car and he screamed. His prey had got away.
“Yeah, we know you love each other.” Dean sang out and got a clip round the ear for his troubles. “Anyway, I was saying if dad has limited knowledge about angels, then Alastair must have something to do with it. He stopped dad from, well, you know. Said I would be worth more.”
“Well done, dude,” whispered Dean as Joe came by towards Gabriel. Joe beamed and shook the archangel’s hand. Gabriel sat down, and Castiel got up. It confused Dean; usually, all his angel had to do was sit and look pretty. Castiel turned and glared at him, raising an eyebrow.
Castiel moved again and narrowed his eyes, picking up the man in chains. John's legs dangled, he kicked them trying to get the angel to let him down. Castiel had a firm grip on his shoulder; blazing eyes drilled into the monster. “I would watch yourself, speak of him again like that, and I will show you how painful some of those injuries are, you inflicted on him.”
“Do, it then.” John gasped, knowing he would bring the angel’s downfall if he killed him. Revenge was a different ballgame altogether.
“Let, me down, we, we can talk.” John babbled, limbs kicking out, trying to get himself free.
Sitting down on a couch, trying to figure out the game the demons were playing. Oh, yes, he appreciated this was a test, a game, a trick. He would have to pass go, to move on. Castiel only hoped his Dean was with his garrison and not having to deal with this show. They constantly sought people by themselves not in larger groups to play their mind games on.
“Of course, I will Castiel. Don’t be a stranger brother.”
The corridors reeked of sulphur, blood, and bodily fluids, so foul the omegas found it hard to breathe. Side by side, row by row, they encountered open cage doors. Empty chains hung, dangling against filthy mud-caked walls.
Thank you so much for your love and support. Its helped me on my long journey to recovery and helped me, I hope to become a better writer.
There grew a shrill peep, and a robotic voice spoke. “All humans back to your accommodations, this is not a drill. All humans back to your accommodations, repeat this is not a drill.”
It muted every colour, dark greens, navy blues, blacks and greys. The pictures of Hell often depicted flickering fiery red. Any colour would be a reprieve from this monotonous dank enclosed cave they were in at present. Nothing came to disturb them, just the dripping of water adding to the bite of the freezing air.
“You picked on the wrong person, Winchester.” they sneered.
“I had the strangest feeling come over me, so I went back into the other room. Everyone, creature, was still. None moved, but I could feel there gaze upon me. Then I noticed this woman; she was going to stab the commander, so I ran and stabbed her. We never got to talk about it.” Joe shrugged.
“Hello, darling, nice to see you again,” Crowley told Dean.
“Fine, the weapons training is killing me, and I think they overwork my brain.”
When Castiel had got up to get the pie. Charlie and Adam whispered to their friend. “The commander has so got a Dom brow going.” giggled Adam, snorting into his coke.
“You did. But I believe in my mate, I believe in my friends they would not abandon me.” Dean told the shadows firmly.
Castiel swallowed hard, trying to calm himself down. “Dean, my love. Today, I promise you this: I will laugh with you in times of joy, and comfort you in times of sorrow. I will make certain you reach your dreams and help you soar high and achieve all that you can easily accomplish. I will listen to you with compassion and understanding and encourage you. We will build our nest, fill it with love, laughter and joy and share it with our friends and family. Dean, you are my best friend, my mate, my lover. There may be an age difference, but I learn from you every day. Your strength, kindness and compassion, captivates me to you. I would find no other like you. Though we don’t know our fate, I will promise to look after you, bow down to you and be at your mercy. Listen to you when it’s needed, and you can shout at me when it’s not.”
“Let me out, you won’t win. I have my Dean. I am not alone.” The angel shouted, the sword slicing through layers of material. Suddenly all went dark, and a flash of light lit up a cave system. There stood at the bottom of the cave was his Dean. Castiel’s arms had grown heavy, tired even. Putting his sword away, he ran to his mate.
“I will get it arranged. We want you safe, Sam.” Castiel told the young beta.
Dean just snorted. “No way would he get that; he has a stick up his ass.”
“Why hang out with John if you don’t like him?” Dean asked.
“I’m ready, Cas. We can’t let them win.” Dean spoke in a resolved voice.
“You worry too much Cas; my angel body can’t get sick,”
It was like someone had placed a small universe inside the orb — swirled silver, gold and green, intermingling colours like beautiful ribbons. It pulsed like it had a heartbeat. In the dead centre, there was a planet which seemed to grow, forming before his very eyes into a new world. Dean had witnessed nothing so wondrous in his entire life.
They established the food fight, fries, burgers, jello, ice-cream, soda. Others followed, screaming, hiding behind overturned tables. Dean used his powers to catch his targets. It would catch Castiels attention he should never use it in the walls of the agency. Dean slipped over, and he injured his arm. A bruise blossomed on it. He learned this was to determine if his mate would heal him. Adam smashed ice cream into Charlie’s hair, and she grabbed a can of cream from someplace and squirted it on to his head. Gabriel materialised sprinkles on top of the cream, and Dean burst out laughing.
Dean continues to his first lesson and met with Enochian tests. Not saying a word, he diligently spends the next hour working through them. When class is out, he retires for a laydown, his head thumping with overuse? Falling asleep and missing lunch, entirely.
XxxxXxxx
“I will, I promise.”
Castiel saw Adam and Joe swiftly move forward. Joe reached for the fallen angel blade, Adam had one from his mate. They reached the Fate together and stabbed her in the back. Her pained screams rang out, her eyes wide with the implication of the fact.
“Come on, Dean, Michael hates waiting.” Adam hurried his friend.
The weather was brisk, the wind sharp, but he had a plan established in his mind. No one observed him, anymore. He ate, the visits to Pam had practically stopped. He brought some warm clothes and hid them in the salt bin that Adam had shown him a while ago. He brought a bag and items like a Swiss army knife, matches, a tin opener and he sneaked into a church filling a flask with holy water.
“When I first met Dean, I placed my hand on his files and saw him. I recognised he was special when he vanished the first time. I could scent him and knew that was impossible, but it’s what led me to him.”
Dean gets a surprise after meeting not one but two demons that night. He walks along the highway and finds shelter but does not notice the gift he was left.
Charlie suddenly jumped up and did a tiny dance. “I have it. Castiel told us many times that omegas were not treated great down here well it’s the same on Earth. Its only in Heaven was the story is different.”
“Wow,” says Adam, “He absolutely won’t get that reference.” They all laugh.
“You are sorry. Unlike John, who cares nothing for the consequences of his actions. I think you wiped the slate clear tonight.” Dean pronounced hunching over, trying to ward off the rain from the angel.
“Pam, make sure Dean goes to his room, maybe Charlie and Kevin will help him.”
Dean nodded, glad that his friend understood him. “I also wish Castiel had his ring. They never recovered it.”
Dean’s eyes went wide with shock. “Really!”
Dean picked up the middle orb. This one was cyan blue at the top and forest green at the bottom and transparent in the middle. Somehow it looked like birds had taken flight between the two colours that he believed represented earth and water. He moved it around and watched in awestruck wonder.
“It’s what father wants so I will comply. If you ever touch my mate again, brother, I will kill you.”
“Thank you, please keep us updated Jody.” Castiel implored the human.
“Winchester, you’ve been missing all morning. Where have you been?” Joel sneered at him.
Dean glanced over at the clock on the mantelpiece and realised that Chuck had made time to stand still. It was early morning, and they had a day and night together.
“I agree, you look half-starved still. Well, I have the code names.” Charlie tells them. “Gabriel will be Loki because he’s a tricky one, so watch out for him. The commander is Thanos and Michael is Batman.”
“I guess we will never find out how he did it.”
“Anything, sweetheart.” Castiel brought Dean’s hand up and kissed it.
“All I want is you and my friends and family angel.”
Hannah slid Deans file over, and Castiel touched it. He closed his eyes and saw the memories and pictures. The angel saw a scared young boy — fabulous jade green eyes that reminded the Seraphim of the Amazon rainforest after rainfall. His hair was a light brown; he wondered if it would turn golden with the heat of the sun. Angels had blessed him; freckles kissed his tan skin. The boy was beautiful, Castiel could tell he was special and could not wait to investigate his soul.
“It sounds like people talking.”
Castiel closed his eyes, swallowing hard. “I-I want you to come home, with me where you belong but, but that’s selfish of me.”
Dean rushes over and crushes Castiel into a hug.
Castiel stood and growled, his teeth bared and his eyes flashed crimson.
“Listen, take the injured to the field hospital. Inform the Rit Zien we are coming, and that we have omega casualties. Boys, you have done well, but I need you to rest.”
“In a nutshell,” Crowley told the young angel. “I’m truly sorry, Dean.”
“You need permission to go into each other’s rooms, and my angel won’t give it. Press your key card to the door. Goodnight Dean, enjoy your water.”
I was not going to put this out but my computers about to die on me. I have a new one on order.
Jace scanned her computer and frowned, “Someone’s trying to access my computer.”
Mertha went back towards the kitchen and frowned. The way it should be, but she hoped they would find their way back together. Praying to Chuck that he knew what he was doing.
“I promise I will look after you, Dean, come on.” Charlie gets her pass and Deans and presses them to the door.
Castiel grabbed Dean, and they flew on the wing to their nest.
“Really? That would be awesome. I’ll go see if Cal needs some lunch.” Dean left the neighbour to his own devices.
Dean huffed and would not take the angel’s hand. “Don’t act like this tonight, Dean, please. You ignored me at the graduation ceremony, and that was enough.”
“Come, Joe let’s take Deans light and help the others.” Astra held out her hand, and Joe took it.
“There discharging you tomorrow, Dean,” Anna tells the young boy.
Dean nodded enthusiastically. “Don’t blame you, dude.” Dean grabbed a quick breakfast, and Mertha gave him a pack up lunch to take with him.
“Thanks, I’m a little nervous.”
“What can we do to help?” Harry asked.
Dean put the orb down and closed the box. Flinging his arms around his angel. “Thank you, angel, and I love you.”
“Cas I’m not what those books say. I know it was you that sent them feathers. I’m not worthy of someone like you, just broken and…” Dean closed his eyes, not able to carry on the sentence.
“Yes, you’re correct. Also, I have asked Camael to be your guard, and he’s accepted. I know you get on well and he’s tended to you in your time at the agency.”
Twenty minutes after Charlie had gone, she did not look happy when she came back.“The parasite squad is about, let’s walk you to the elevators.”
Charlie scrunched her nose. “A what now?”
“Little boy, come with us, you stink of filth, but we can give you so much more.” one demon purred at his boy.
“How the hell do you know, a white which boy?” Bobby grumbled at his nephew.
“I’m always letting you down,” Castiel told Dean, sitting down gradually on the couch.
Castiel flies them back and takes him to the agency infirmary so that the healers can work on Dean. They strip him and put soft cotton pants and a t-shirt on him and place him into a hospital bed, in a room by himself. The older angel let Charlie and Anna visit, but that’s all for now.
“Now, now commander, no need to be rude, we are civil creatures unlike most here.” The Fate scrunches her nose up as she looks around at the Hell beasts at her back.
“I despised it when you hugged Kevin at the graduation. I resented that you were speaking to Francis just now. Back then, I wanted to run off the stage and tear you from him. Your mine Dean.” Castiel let out a low rumbling growl.
“That’s why I needed an angel, one that accepted, our ways in Heaven and those of earth. That could worship a human with all their faults and flaws. Both of you are unique, and remarkable in your way. That’s why you will rule over Modern Heaven and bring a better place for both humans and angels.”
“I agree, it’s not like Uriel has died, gone forever. He lives in angel Heaven after all.”
Grabbing his knife out of his bag, he cut his arm and made the sigil to banish angels. Just in case some of them tried to get into his room. He paced backwards and forwards. His mind, in constant turmoil, the pictures of his past flashed before his eyes. All, he noticed, was his dad.
“That’s awesome. Thank you so much.” Dean ran and hugged his friend. Then rushed away to get packed.
Charlie and Dean went over and laid their hand on top of Joes and Adams. Mallory did not struggle she just sat limply, all her fight going. They held tight and closed their eyes, thought about their mates, families, their new homes. Mallory’s screams faded. She was nothing but dust under their fingertips, nothing but a remote memory. Love always wins over evil. The balance of good had tipped back.
“Oh, good idea, let me. Say nothing else.” Charlie’s eyes are bright with mischief.
“Someone’s lucky you’ve got a healthy balance. Do you want to withdraw anything today?”
Dean turned and pulled Joe, Adam, and Charlie into him. They hid their faces into each other’s shoulders. Holding on to each other tightly, for support and comfort.
The choir of angels fell upon the stage, and they all stood. A whoosh of wings reverberated around the room and on either side of the semi-circle of chairs came the angels all in their regalia. They paused beside their chairs. Blues, blacks, golds, and purples shone out on the stage. The angels stood with their arms behind their backs and their feet slightly apart. The choir started up, and the sound of Hallelujah rang out.
“Cas just show me, please,” stated Dean, feeling exasperated.
Commander its Charlie, Dean rang me. I had a hit. He was just outside the agency. I guess where he and Adam met. Maybe he got comfort in the location? Dean claimed he had seen his dad. Castiel, he’s terrified. Dean told me he loved me, and he was born wrong. I think he’s in self-destruct mode. I’m going to urge Anna if she can bring me over; maybe I can help?”
Warning: Mention of pregnancy.
“So, child, you want to play with those dicks with wings or come and play with the big boys? We can bring your mommy back, you know. They can’t.”
“I’m meeting my aunt; I need accommodation.”
“What’s going on?” questioned Dean, some others who hated Adam watched on. It pissed Dean off because it looked like these kids were calling them names and pushing Adam and Charlie. Bullying was a no go in his book, no matter who you are.
“You call God Chuck?” Shouted Kevin, who looked nervous.
Charlie must spot this and stops and places her arm around him, “Hey sorry, Anna says I’m way too hyper sometimes.”
Dean had a rare day off and had been baking when there was a tentative knock on the door. Lucifer was standing there, looking smart in a velvet plum suit. Dean was sure it was okay now they had bonded to let his mate’s older brother inside the nest. Calling for Castiel feeling this was not merely a social visit.
In that time two new constellations appeared in the sky, wings of an angel with his trusty sword. They would be there forever to gaze upon by everybody in the new world. A constant reminder, of the day an Angel and his Omega saved them all: one boy who had been through hell and his angel who had gripped him tight and held on with all his might and showed him what you could accomplish when given unconditional love. Your past shapes you after all but does not define you. That’s what the Fates could never understand.
I will.”
“I have no clue red. I hate feeling like this. I need to get out of here I know that much.”
“Yes, I can use my arms,” Dean mutters sarcastically. The omega opened the door and wheel his way back to his room.
“You have so much love in you, Dean, so much to give, that endears me to you.”
Árar means demon in Icelandic-Thanks to my best friend for the translation.
“I hope so too, man.” Dean waved goodbye as Jimmy turned off. Looking through the envelope to identify how much money he had left — a little over one a hundred dollars. That will get him a bed for the night in reasonable accommodation and food. He needed a scarf and gloves and maybe a book, so he continued to the store and got what he needed. Finding a nice-family run motel, he got into a warm shower, and flopped onto the bed and promptly fell asleep.
Jace picked up a phone and spoke into it. They waited in silence and suddenly a buzzer sounded near them. The angel pressed a black box, and a girl with flaming red hair bounced through the door. She was smaller than him, about five feet four if he had to guess; with opaque skin and pale green eyes.
They spent much of the evening eating hot buttery popcorn and candy supplied by Mertha. Making the common area look wonderful for the ceremony. They established a large stage by the far wall and chairs in a semicircle. Dean decorated the podium in blue and green, the agency’s colours. Everything was clean, shiny and ready for the next day’s ceremony.
“Please accept my humble apologies at my intrusion and congratulations on your mating.” Chuck clapped in joy at the pair’s news.
Castiel did not have occasion chatter. Grunting at his bleeding cheek, healing it. “call them now; Árar bats are attacking us.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“I will, and I have to sit and think about all this.”
“Missouri was the first person who helped me. I like her.”
“I wish to meet him, Hannah, before I contact the dad,” commanded Castiel, not willing to wait any longer.
I love AOBs but most the omega is the underdog. I wanted this story to depict that omegas were in fact awesome. I hope I have delivered that, in bucketfuls.
Dean glanced around; the nest it was sparkling clean. His angel had done an outstanding job of cleaning the place.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We will amplifier your voices,” Galgalliel told the brothers, helping Castiel to hold Eremiel while the commander swung his sword to protect the omegas.
The next day, after a hearty breakfast of eggs, bacon and hash browns, Missouri dropped Dean off at the bus stop.
“Nonsense, Castiel’s older than you.” the angel chuckled at the absurdity of the age gap. “It would be a sweet touch, bringing both angel and human traditions together.”
“John Winchester is a confirmed Necrophile. My kind banned them over two thousand years ago,”
“They would never leave me; I don’t believe you.”
“You’re kidding us, Charlie?” Joe raised his eyebrow in suspicion the redhead had them on. Right?
“Someone had to teach the boy,” Bobby grunted.
“Sprite would be nice, and cookies please?”
In a flash, Castiel sees Dean take the demon by the neck and slams her up against the wall. She’s laughing and tells the others to hold back. The elder angel flicks his wrist, and three members of his garrison now stand in silence behind the other three demons.
“Tadhiel, you have control over Iota garrison. You will communicate with command central to make sure we get a simple message on angel radio. Madan, you have control over Kappa garrison. I want you on reconnaissance, see if anyone is guarding that stone. Omega, Psi and Chi garrisons you have no leader so remain here unless I assign you, someone. Set up field hospitals in case we have wounded, also nourishment tables. Pam, Hannah, and Mertha, along with omegas from the agency, will arrive after we have departed to help. The Rit-Zien will come if we have injured angels. The rest of the garrisons I have not mentioned; pave a simple way for us, your leaders will come to you. We must defeat the demons at all costs. They are critical in Fate’s plan to start the war on the top side. The archangels garrison, please go to your leader otherwise wait for the call to depart.”
“Few things can kill an angel, son,” Bobby remarked.
“Baby, you need to close your eyes, your powers are not in, and my grace could harm you,” Castiel told Dean.
“Yeah, no clue how to chat to people not had the classes yet.”
“They will remember our love until the end of time,”
Dean nodded and let his angel pull him along.
Sam ran up to Dean, and they hugged. “Missed you, little brother. How are you doing at school?”
“Can we, fly back to the nest?” questioned Dean, still holding tight to his angel’s hand.
Thank you for your amazing support and comments I love them. I love sharing this fic with you guys.
Dean searched for Castiel’s hand and they both sort comfort from each other. Dean forgot that not only had he lost his mom. The angels had lost a sister.
“What am I going to say?” Mertha asked, trembling.
“They will expect us to continue to the gate with the slightest traffic. The demons will have their weakest troops in Kentucky and their strongest at the other locations.” Dean stated with a tone of certainty. “They will think that Cas will keep me away from the worse of it.”
“Stay back, both of you,” Castiel commanded, putting his arm out to make the omegas stop in their tracks. The cave system took a sharp curve just then, and they could not see around it.
Moving over to the north wall was an ancient telescope, but the sun sparkled brightly at the window, and he had to cover his eyes. Again, this startled the omega as it had in the mirror room. There was a gentle breeze blowing white net curtains, but there was no glass in the windows.
“Yeah, same here.” Dean waved and moved off to get water and discover if they could trust Adam.
“I will.” The angel sniffled.
Kerststol-The Netherlands
“I will thank you.”
Castiel marched up to them with certainty and authority in his every stride. The angel had his hand on his trusty sword, poised to strike.
A groan passed the lips of his lover. Dean squinted harder, grasping the remote so he could turn it up.
It took three days and nights for Dean to appear better. He woke up feeling back to his usual self. One of the girl’s had opened a window, and the soft breeze felt cool on his flushed face. He could detect the sea air and hear the soothing waves on the seashore.
The young Omega looked around the foyer; angels were milling around, dressed in varying styles of clothes: some business suits, some casual jeans, and t-shirts, dresses and sandals. They were busy, but they don’t seem angry or dicks like his dad said they would be.
“I need a place where I can stick around for the night dude if you can help?”
“Don’t you have anyone with you?” the older woman asked, her glasses slipping off her narrow nose.
“Yeah, he had a great time at Missouri’s. Did not want me to leave, but it’s not like I won’t visit him again.”
Castiel adds a third finger, and Dean tries to push back on to it hard. Castiel slaps the fleshy part of his boy’s thigh.
“Oh, dear, yes that is troublesome.” Francis’ mom affirmed.
(See the end of the chapter for
The angels, curiously enough, did not observe Christmas but had their festivals. Around the same time was the Feast of East. It was a time for celebration among all angels ranks, parties where held, candlelight services and gifts passed around nest-mates. It was about family bonding and love for each other. All, he knew, was he would be a year older and one year closer to leaving the agency?
“Not, for an exceedingly long-time love,” Castiel told the heartbroken boy. “They have pie, you love pie.”
Castiel placed his arm over his shoulder, comforting. “Yes, it is love. Charlie’s idea, an apology for how we acted towards you.”
Dean nodded his head. “Please Cas, just mark me already.” His cry came out breathy.
“Yes, sir, positive.”
“Come, Cas let’s see what we can find on the mountain.”
Dean gets an early wake-up call. Crowley and Castiel tell him more about John. Dean realises what kind of monster his dad really was.
Joel, Zad and Raz kept out of their way but gave them scathing looks. Cam was constantly around, and Dean felt somewhat safer than he had done.
The choir started up the graduation anthem of Hallelujah. Everyone stood, while the elders walked single file on to the stage. Adam was behind Michael and Charlie waved from the front seat. Dean nodded and grinned at her.
Castiel rolled his eyes at the over-enthusiasm of his brother. Lucifer chuckled and went with the bouncy archangel.
“Not until the outcome of the test, no,” Mertha told him affectionately.
“Remember.” shouted out Felice, a member of their garrison. “Hell’s demons are not like the ones you see on the Earth. They take all forms and can be a master of disguise. Now, this creature is all over the room, and I suggest we execute it.”
“Dean, thank you. I apologise for what Adam has put you and your fellow humans through,” Michael says, obviously frustrated with his mate.
“Mom… did Dad kill her?” Dean locked his green eyes on to the demon, seeking the truth.
“We will get you your answers, you seek. Shake on it Dad.” Zad told his father, glancing expectantly at the demon.
“Sure, that’s great.”
“Names were enough,” Dean grumbled at the boy.
Castiel held out his hand, and Dean took it. “Come, let’s get this hard part out of the way so we can have an enjoyable weekend.”
Dean giggled, loving that he had made his mate feel better. Hoping his friends and family would not tease Castiel too much.
“Batman and Adams.” the angel winked.
“Yes, exactly, and they must tip back, that’s how the universe works. Good and bad must balance no one should be more than then another. The Fates ignored omegas; they loathed them, thought them weak. We are the birthmothers, creatures of all life. That is why angels adored us and kept us safe, worship us.”
“I rank fifth as the most powerful angel in the known universe, Sam. Dean could be a potential target. I could not let him be by himself. We do not leave our mates without sufficient protection.”
“I get my best friends back. I have a family. I don’t get happiness. This is just too good to be true.” Dean stammers, not believing any of this.
“You will?” Dean asked.
“I would say so, brother.” Gabriel nodded in agreement. “he needs mate time.”
“As I love you.” The angel smiled softly at the affection he was receiving. “Now I have permission from Anna and Michael to take you three to a theme park. How about we have fun on your birthday?”
“You need more fluids. Normally we won’t let any up into the dorms, but with you, we will. Water only through.”
“Okay, but I’m going on faith alone here, Uriel.” Samandriel let Uriel out of his cell. Uriel hugged his younger brother.
“Dean, this is my sister Ambriel.”
One creature got closer to Dean and Castiel tensed. The seraph had his blade at the ready; his sword was singing its siren’s song.
Dean sped off and left the two angels alone.
“Thanks, Cam.” Dean glanced up at the angel who had not disappeared since the bullying episode. He wondered if this was Castiel’s ploy to keep an eye on the academy.
Gabriel went still and tipped his head to one side like he was listening to someone. “Hannah’s calling for us; says its urgent brother.” With a flurry of wings, the two angels flew to the lobby of the agency.
Dean beamed and hung onto Castiel’s arms. His bags were swinging between them. When they found a deserted spot, they flew back to the agency.
Castiel mentally prepared, reaching out tendrils of grace towards his mate but finding nothing but darkness. Not too concerned, he had heard from Kedi after all, and to his knowledge, Dean was safe. The battalion of angels was ready to fight the darkness. Castiel pulled forth his trusty sword; it sang a song of victory. The commander yelled; the deathly battle cry of the angels made the earth shudder. Their eyes alight with the flames of grace, Heaven’s army was bracing to strike into the very heart of Hell.
Lucifer coughed. “When this is over, I have a cabin in Japan you can both stay. You need the rest and isolation from cock blocking siblings.”
“Yes, son. I will have to come with your lot to git a suit.”
“How did I achieve that?” questions Dean intrigued.
There was a sudden gust of wind that blew through the cramped office, and the books slammed shut. Papers flew around the room, and a black feather floated down onto the desk. Bobby stepped in and raised his eyebrow.
Castiel finds himself in a vast labyrinth of rooms. The angel lost count of how many he’s drifted into. There was no way out, no exit; something trapped him. The angel found it strange in all the rooms. There were people sitting chatting, eating, playing games, but no one’s taken notice of him. He was a ghost, invisible to the naked eye, floating from one room to the next. Castiel went up to a group of girls waving his hand in front of their faces, but there was no recognition that he was present.
“So, Cassie, how did your weekend pan out?” Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows.
Anna had made up tiny bouquets for all the girls keeping with the soft colours of the dresses. Making buttons holes for the men in the same colours to match the theme of the bonding ceremony. She had researched human culture to get this part right.
“We boys need to do the same.” Harry piped up.
Xxxxx
“Dean, I have to punish you. I justify my hand on your backside for this situation.”
“Piss off Cas,” Dean muttered and ran the rest of the way. Knowing no angel, unregistered could get passed the doors to the dorms.
Dean heard the doors close with a hiss. The man pushed him back on the seat. Dean had no clue what to do; the space cramped. How could he fight? The bus started up with a roar, then it suddenly stalled — a screech and a bang sounded somewhere near the driver’s side.
“But that can’t be right,” John whispered in shock but knew that the angel spoke the truth.
“Who, in the right mind, tries to punish someone that’s been abused? Of course, it would trigger him.”
Dean and Castiel find out what there mating caused to the outside world. Chuck pays them a visit but Castiel is not happy with the almighty.
“You don’t want me?” Deans lipped trembled.
“Just use my stuff or put your own out here, we can swap them.”
Dean shrugged and held on to his angel just a little tighter. “I-I just feel so unsettled.”
“So which one are we being dropped into?” Harry asked, glancing at Charlie for confirmation.
Dean helped the older lady into a coffee shop and ordered a tea for Daisy and a coke for him. Picking two cakes out, he delivered a tray to their table.
Dean and the omegas flew through the halls and rooms and touched all of hell’s creatures, and they either shifted to dust or became human again. Some saved from their self-flagellation, some considered too damned. They found Gabriel’s garrison stuck in a time loop, but the omegas just touched the area, and they granted their freedom. Deans magic zipping through the walls, saving them.
“I need to find out if there any more kids at home. John Winchester will go away for a lengthy time for this,” said Pam.
Thanks for your support and amazing comments.
“Dean, you okay?” Charlie asked, concerned for her friend.
“Castiel, are you feeling okay?” Dean grew a little worried now.
“I hope so.” they both laughed and remained next to each other.
“We will show you.” We will show you.” came the eerie reply.
“Put your wings away now,” he shouted in full command mode.
“Long as you do too. Find him, please.”
XXxxxXxxXxx
Hannah looked at Pam and sighed. “Sweetie, he will want you and will take care of you. I promise you that.”
“So, what! They should not have let him out if they did not want him tainted.” spits the demon that was now next to Dean, her lips ruby red and her short hair dyed blond.
“No, there are clues, but we have no idea. Castiel was the only fledgeling that qualified these standards. He was a quiet little thing, always had his head stuck in a book.” Mertha smiled fondly. “Angels are born will all means of different coloured wings, but Castiel his was black at midnight. They shimmered like a rainbow, you could depict, greens, purples, and reds, but predominantly they were black, and he had six wings.”
“No, I’m busy so you can leave.” Castiel waved his fingers and bowed his head, searching through his papers once more.
Cherubim: Green
Castiel combed his fingers through Dean’s hair. Dean purred at the familiar, comforting touch.“I love your eyes; they’re so intensely green. The colour, they change with your moods. Your freckles are like the constellations in the night sky; angels watch over you. I love that your kind, even towards those that have pained you. I love your serious side and your fun-loving side. I love that you set a tea bag in my cup before you go to bed, so it’s ready for me in the morning. I love that you put fresh flowers in our nest. I love it when you place your arms around me because I feel whole. Before I met you, I felt like the other half of me was missing. I want you, all of you, for now until the world no longer turns. I will worship the very ground you walk on.”
“What is it Lucifer?  Will it help us when we do battle?” Dean enquired on tenterhooks.
Dean smiles at the texts but does not reply. Switching his phone off in fear they would trace it.
“Uncle Bobby, where did you get the one you gave me from?” asked Dean his green eyes grew wide with fear.
“That’s great Dean.” Bobby nodded, taking the pie through to the kitchen.
Castiel ordered his brothers and sisters to keep out of sight for the time being. Wanting to know what his mate would do in this situation.
“This student could take my job he’s far advanced in Enochian. We have awarded this student the Charity award. He is the first person to this in the agency’s entire history. Dean Winchester, we are proud to present you with the Chuck Challenger award, and we can’t wait to see what else you achieve in your time here.”
“We require someone to monitor security. I hear you’re the best for the job.” Michael told her, laughing when she went crimson and hid behind Anna.
“When will she be here?” Dean asked, sharpening a knife while Bobby cleaned one of his guns. Salt rounds, holy water, and silver bullets were on the kitchen table. There were iron and led pipes, wooden stakes and silver knives. The arsenal was considerable, and it made Dean feel a lot safer. They did not know who their enemies were.
Garth was once human but made into a werewolf.  Meeting Beth had reformed his life; they had welcomed him into her pack. They swapped mobile numbers before the man left Dean at a motel that sounded fairly decent.
“I’m here about John.” Crowley’s eyes flicked over to Castiel’s briefly and then back to the omega. A slight nod of the angel’s head and the demon carried on. “I have the information.”
“Dean, I just want to say I’m sorry for yesterday,” Charlie tells her best friend. Dean pulls her in for a hug.
Castiel turned to him with a glance of amusement in his sky-blue eyes. Chuck just laughed and nodded.
Castiel remembered the day Dean had told him about the nightmares. How lost he had felt that Dean had not trusted him to help.
“He promised me.” Dean smiled shyly.
Castiel was busy, and so was Dean for that matter. They passed like ships in the night, not having time for each other. Though Castiel made sure his Dean ate and Dean made sure his angel was not overworking.
Dean followed the angel until they came to the elevators, and they parted ways. The omega had a second shower and changed into his pyjamas and read until he was sleepy. Not bothering with anything to eat.
“I’ve missed you to Dean. Glad you’re happy now, that you have someone that can, love and take care of you.”
“Hang on, my ties not straight,” Dean tutted, tugging at the luxurious green fabric.
“Now come on, I want to nosey at what you got for your birthday,” Charlie called out impatiently.
“You’re amazing, Charlie.”
Mirror Dean sneers, his face contorting into a grin, his eyes turning dark with malcontent. He punches out his words, hoping they will hit their intended target. “Castiel does not want you, Dean. If Lucifer could communicate, then so can he. I bet he’s glad for the silence. Your mundane ramblings and lack of intelligence must make his head hurt. How did you figure out you would entertain an angel that’s been around from the conception of time? Knows everything there is to know. The only action you’re good for is spreading your legs, and he’ll become tired of that. You’re not experienced enough for him. Castiel needs, a real omega, obedient, intelligent, that as no daddy issues, that will provide him alpha fledgelings.”
“Thank you, Cas, for everything. I had the best birthday ever.” Dean sleepily grinned.
“Dean, you have a tremendous knowledge of Enochian. I want to work with you myself, one to one. I realise you require more than just what I teach in the classroom; you’re far more advanced than any student I have ever taught. I want you to carry on Tuesday’s class so I can help you with spelling and grammar. Each month I will give you a project to write about to help you build on your knowledge. On Friday afternoon I can teach you up here after lunch for an hour or two.”
“Yeah. It’s the first suit I have ever owned; fits me fine.” Dean grinned at his reflection in the bathroom mirror.
“No worry’s Kiddo, it gives you, Thursdays, to work on the projects I give you and if you need me for any help, you know I’m around that day.”
Castiel knelt and tipped Deans head up with his hand to face him. The angel tapped the paper with long, slender fingers. “I guess love this eliminated any of that utter nonsense, don’t you?”
Dean stood up furiously, his eyes flickering yellow. “There are good people out there — the ones you say that love. I have encountered people sacrifice themselves for the greater good. People who help the poor, people who care about their community. Those who fight for their country, those who fight for people who have no voice. There is love in the world.”
“Thanks, Jimmy, for everything,” Dean told the blue-eyed man.
Dean hugged his friend, and Charlie smirked. “Is that banned hugging?” Dean asked.
“You have beautiful eyes, Dean, and when you smile, you light up the room. I can’t look at your soul, only your mate can but my bets it’s wonderful as you.” Hannah told the Omega, hoping to install some affection in his life.
Dean stood near Flynn, Harry, Kate, Joe, Charlie, and Sandy. The omegas he knew from the agency. The only Nephilim he could sense was himself. The others predominantly were angels and a few humans. Dean rolled his eyes, and Charlie giggled.
“No, unavailable, so they informed me. Guess I will have to become used to that,” Dean tries to limit the sting from his statement, but he knows he fails when the two women glance at each other with sorrow in their eyes.
“Amber is part of my garrison so that no one will get past her.”
“Yes, I would like to carry on.” Dean nodded in agreement.
Dean rubbed his arms, feeling rather chilly, searching for a path out of this dark, damp room. On closer scrutiny the walls were red brick, the window much to his shock let the light of the moon in.
“Yes, your uncle taught you well both in exercising a demon and Enochian.”
Dean nodded, fighting back the tears. “Thank you, sister, but can you please call Castiel? I desire him like the air that I breathe.”
“Not your fault,” Dean told his uncle. “I just don’t get why he would want mom out of the way.”
“Take care of the families of the fallen guards, Hannah,” commanded Gabriel.
Michael sighs and nods in agreement. “That boy needs a break. My Adam would love some company. Let him know to be ready with his bag, and Adam will pick him up.”
“Thank you, commander, that was kind of you.”
They strolled out of the door — Daisy talking nineteen to the dozen. The driver was still sitting there watching, and Dean had to smirk. His plan had worked out well.
Gabriel put his hand on his heart, feigning shock and hurt. “You think I would forget that Dean on your big day?”
“HAG?” questioned Dean, wondering what that was.
“With a name. No wonder we kicked ass.” Dean gasped for breath, giggling.
Dean shakes his head. “makes it easier for me then.”
“What the fuck do I care,” shouted John, who was not enjoying this one bit.
“I know, Dee, I’m scared. You’re my family, not him.”
“Dean blushed. “Thanks. Cas can I ask you something?”
“Sit down, love.” Castiel brought a blue plastic chair over to his mate.
“Mmm.” Hummed the archangel in bliss, munching on the chocolate chip cookies. “These are great Dean. Castiel is a lucky angel.”
Castiel was not sure if Dean was pleased, or saddened about his dad. Emotions were still not natural for the angel to understand.“I-I smote him; he’s gone.” Castiel suddenly had an armful of omega, trembling in his arms.
On Saturday Michael handed the boy’s money for a movie, the arcade and dinner. Dean took his bank book and went to check money in the account. Before they went in, Adam handed his friend a white envelope.
Castiel’s palms felt sticky; he had memorised most of the tunnels, so knew which direction they should head. They arrived at a fork where the tunnels split, and they paused. Dean looked back at him with bashful contemplation on his slightly dirty face.
To Dean, Castiel smells like dark chocolate, smoked black coffee, and cloves. There is invariably a sense of danger with his angel, but an edge of sweetness that alone he understands. It’s a taste he knows he could not survive without. Dean holds on for dear life, grasping on to the thick black silky hair of his angel while long nimble fingers trace his thigh and get deliciously near their intended target.
“What the fuck? What’s going on?” the man appeared to panic now, his face going white with abject fear.
Chuck shifted in his chair, clasping his hands together like in prayer. The God sighed and spoke in a whisper.“Fate’s manipulative string was how it unravelled. I would never harm you deliberately. If I held your hand, pushed you into a path you did not want, or a path that seemed easier, this would all have been for nothing.”
Castiel reaches and kisses Dean’s hand, pulling him in for an embrace.“We will have time to get back to the real world, for now, I just want it to be us.”
“Cas, will you bond with me?”
“We can’t leave that to chance I get what you’re saying.”
“I guess I will find out this weekend where I’m going there is only a couple of months left. Most people are finishing unless they have to stay for other reasons.”
“Hey Cam, how did it go yesterday?”
Paul smiled at the sleepy boy. “You’re most welcome. I have no clue how you charmed Aggie. Not one of the easiest people to get along with.”
I grew up with the tale of the Wisp in my small village in the middle of England. Its a thing, every kid knew about it.
“Commander Castiel, we need to speak. Francis, please take Dean into my room, where he will be safe.”
“No, don’t touch it.”
Everyone clapped and cheered. Well, the bully’s looked affronted. But many people loved Dean in his year at the agency.
boomed his voice. The roof of the world shuddered with fear.
“Aww, Deanie, did I hit a nerve? You know I’m right.” laughed mirror Dean chillingly. “Why don’t you do us all a favour and put yourself out of your misery.”
Castiel looked over Dean’s shoulder at his father. “You both need to train. I will send news; it’s not long now, son.”
“I was... you can be scary Dean,” Castiel whined, backing away. Dean narrowed his eyes.
“We promise angel.” Dean had never been as happy as he was at that moment. He would cherish it forever because good things seldom happened to him.
“Yeah, I guess I should when others are around. I never thought.”
“That we do.” Castiel laughed and hugged Dean tight, kissing his forehead. “I have missed you, darling boy.”
December arrived peppered with frost and ice. The night’s cold and the days warmer in comparison. The angels and the humans got ready for the Feast of the East. It was the celebration of life, family and the bond between mates. No one missed Christmas; it was roughly the same. Mertha was busy in the kitchen and Dean and a few other omegas who could cook offered to help. The varied fares available fascinated Dean. Although angels did not eat, humans and Nephilim alike needed food, and Gabriel had announced he liked the food, so why not indulge?
John sniggered. The demon had heard nothing so ridiculous in his life. “You can’t hurt me, angel.” John snidely replied. “It will condemn you to Hell. I heard your brothers say as much when I was in jail.”
Deans still down on the floor when Tula and Michael march into the common area. Both angels raise their eyebrows at the cut on Dean’s head.
“Thanks, dude, just what I needed.”
“Nope. Just some badass smiting was going on.” grinned Joe.
‘ Hoping they had heard the prayer, he sits and rubs his head.
“Let’s get breakfast, it’s far too cold down here, anyway. I don’t want you to get sick.”
Dean turned his head towards Castiel; his cold breath hung in the fidget air. “Is there another option?”
“You don’t know that Mr Winchester, they can’t test for it yet.” snarled Jody, staring the man down.
“Dean, I triggered him. Chuck, what did I do? He could hurt himself. I’m just so foolish.”
“Take it easy, Dean. We have brought your schedule, so read over it. It’s strict, but they feel it will benefit you for a while. Once you feel better, they will relax it.” Anna tells Dean, hoping he will stick with the plan and not act out.
“You’re sulking. Is this about Castiel?”
“Cassie, you did the decent thing in sending Charlie to Dean. He’s not been doing fantastic, this last week or two. He’s been feeding off your mood, your emotions.” Castiel was about to protest, but the archangel stopped him. “Hear me out. Why would Chuck be testing you? Keeping you away from Dean? That boy is special, and so are you, baby brother. Why do you think they take notice of you more than they do, Michael?”
“Dean, I rang Bobby he can’t come until tomorrow, but we can offer you a room. Dinner is at six, here’s the key. Why don’t you grab a shower, change, and watch a show? If you sleep now, you won’t sleep tonight.” Aggie told the young omega.
“I can…the pictures, one by one, dads in all of them. Castiel was going to beat me.” sobs the boy.
They must have been walking for about ten minutes when it happened. A portal opened, shocking the angel and his companion. Out fell Dean on top of Castiel. Charlie shrieked and landed on her backside.
“So where’s the second place?” Flynn probed with an air of impatience.
Castiel took the velvet bag out of his pocket and lifted it. A ring slipped into his palm. It was his ring, the one he had lost at Flagstaff. His heartbeat that bit quicker. With pure joy-buzzing around his grace, he let Gabriel take it. Turning towards the direction his acquaintance would take; the choir of angels lifted their hearts to the sky and sang Enya’s ‘
I’m busy Dean. Work is taking my spare time. I will catch you at graduation.
Castiel’s phone started ringing, and he answered it when he saw it was Charlie. Maybe Dean had called her?
The angel brings a tray of food for Dean, clear soup, a rice dish plus yoghurt. “It’s all sorted, young man, come to me at the hatch for your food. You must have three meals a day, no snacks now, but plenty of water. When it’s time for bed, Castiel’s given you a time limit. The commander wishes you to finish it before morning.”
“What’s bothering you, love?” the kindly angel queried, putting her arm around the boy’s shoulder.
XxXxXxX
“So, did Sammy get back okay?” Charlie asked her best friend.
“Jace and Heal are family brother and Uriel.” Michael reminded the younger archangel.
“Hey, Charlie, what do we wear for this?” Dean asked his friend troubled.
The angel knocked on the door and waited for the gruff ‘come in.’
“No, I want you. The boy who noticed I was wearing bee socks, with my uniform. Who loves pie? Who makes me laugh, who gets on with my family, who gets me more than any other person I know. I love you so much. I wish you would open your beautiful green eyes and see that.”
“You’re most welcome. It’s nice to find a young man with such pleasant manners.”
“What’s that noise?” Dean asked, puzzled. “It sounds like something slithering along the floor.”
“Castiel, I know I come in I accept you warts and all. Or do you assume I was lying?” Dean folded his arms and narrowed his eyes at the angel.
“Who do you think sent me to watch you?”
The two omegas kept singing, but their voice was raw and tired. Coughing between sips of water, they sang until all the bats had vanished. Collapsing with exhaustion into their mate’s arms, the twins sat their omegas down and soothed them gently.
There was a large dining area just off the kitchen with a table running down the centre. A sideboard with tableware and light blue dinner service sat inside. There were cups and cake plates decorated with a bee pattern on them, with little cake forks with cartoon bumblebees on the handles.
They were standing in the common area. Anna was speaking to Mertha and had her mate’s bags by her side.
If you have read the fic well you will get some of the clues... I love you all dearly but so tired, I'm sure if they take any more blood I won't have any left and sparkle like a vampire.
The girls got their dresses in pastel pink and baby blue. They were full-length summer gowns. Tulle with grosgrain trim, the bodice held sequins that looked like the shapes of stars.
Dean glanced up then with apprehension.
“Hey, I thought you said you couldn’t read my mind?”
Charlie nodded, “I will flip the switch let me get the computer.”
Note: This does contain bullying but nothing graphic.
“Hey, guys, nice to see you.” Dean grins yesterday, already forgotten.
Always x
Castiel had told him, time and time again, that he loved him, and he showed it in so many ways. Feeling warmth pulsed through his rib cage, not realising how cold he was. Standing up straighter, he had a battalion of angels at his back but people who loved him, his Castiel, he was worth so much to so many people. Castiel gave him wings; he could fly above this, believe in himself, be whoever he wanted to be.
Raphael nodded and ran in the opposite direction, spreading Deans light.
Mertha replied in a bemused tone. “Okay, Michael, pick Dean up after breakfast tomorrow. Take him home after your done for the day. Tell him Castiel wants to spend some time alone.”
“That’s not Dean love; it’s an Ignis Fatuss.”
“Sure, Pam.” Charlie nods.
“Okay, thank you, Hannah. Sorry how my dad was.” Dean told the angel who had been friendly to him.
“Yes, of course, can you get back in the chair?”
“Stupid dumb ass demons should not go making deals with Demi-gods.”
Castiel grabbed Dean’s hand as they faced the new world. The oranges, pinks, yellows of the new day, were strewn haphazardly on the backdrop like an infant had taken their paintbrush and slapped their mark on the sky. Animals walked in harmony with the humans, no longer fearing each other.
“I won’t let you go again. I will do everything in my power to sort this mess out. Gabriel please I can’t leave him, not again.” begs Castiel, tears in his summer’ blue eyes.
“No, baby, he’s not. Just stop where you are, okay?” pleaded the redhead who was becoming more uneasy with every sentence her friend murmured.
Gabriel had experienced a bunch of ways people had taken the news of who he was; shock, panicked, some ran screaming. This boy treated him like any other person. Respected him yes, but treated him like he was real, and he liked that.
Grabbing a warm shower, he dressed in blue jeans, his Tenth doctor t-shirt and his Marauders map hoodie. He put on his Converse, the same ones that the tenth doctor wore. They had been Feast presents from Charlie and Adam, and he cherished them.
“You’re welcome I will leave you both to talk. It was nice meeting you, Dean.” Francis bowed to Castiel and went out of the room.
Dean coughed and scrunched up his nose. “One thing I dislike about demons is the smell of sulphur.”
“Dean, will you share in Castiel’s pain and seek to alleviate it?”
Thank you for all your amazing comments xxx
“Do you know when he went?” Castiel enquired, sounding alarmed.
“I still feel like this is all a dream.”
Castiel grabbed Dean gently and swung him up into the air. Bright giggles burst out, and they were both sobbing in abject joy.
“I saw a text to say she had arrived, but that’s all. I assume she’s gone into heat, only explanation.”
“I know, I will get your brother out of here. Ain’t no one getting past me. Now I need to use the bathroom; you grab me a nice cup of tea. A drop of milk and one teaspoon of sugar, if you please.”
“How about we grab, Joe, Charlie, and Adam and have a game of bowling?” Castiel announced.
“I’ve never played up before Mertha. I step out of line once and it’s the end of the world.” Dean cried, and the cook pulled him into her arms.
“You always underestimate my Dean,” Castiel tells the demon. “He burns brighter than a supernova, but few people see him.” Blue eyes sought his mate and flick back over to the demon. “Dean can exorcise a demon and still leave the vessel intact. You won’t be going back to hell.”
Castiel shook his head and spoke gently to the damned creature before him. “Omegas, Mallory, the life-givers. They surround us with love; they are what makes this world go around. They are not weak, nor are they lower than anyone else. Therefore, we angels bow down to them, they are Gods and Goddess of our world, and we take them for our mates. You ignored the one thing that could kill you. The only thing, the love of an omega.”
“Yes, we do, Dean. What I did was unforgivable.” Charlie declared.
“I sent my garrison to search for my…the ring.”
“No, nothing.” Dean shrugged.
“Dean, you can’t promise him that.” Bobby’s gruff voice cut through the brother’s conversation.
“Bye Dean, we will pick you up after lunch. That okay, Doc Pam?”
Castiel hates to have Dean out of his sight, the omega does not mind. Laying his head on Castiel’s lap, while he reads a book, the alpha’s hand stroking his hair. It’s soothing and grounding. Castiel makes lunch while Dean nips back upstairs to change the sheets and let some fresh air in. He’s gone longer than the angel would like, and Castiel finds Dean on the veranda.
“I know sorry won’t be enough for what I have said and done. I realised I placed all else on earth and in Heaven before you. I had not realised the damage I had done until it was too late. You never speak up or complain, but the one time you needed me I was not there. Dean, I get it now, all this, the tests. It was never about me, well, a little.”
Castiel just shook his head and followed the little omega. After all, Dean was boss.
Dean lent forward, hanging on to every word his mate spoke.
“That’s right, Dean, hide your little friends.”
Dean started the exorcism with shaky hands. Gabriel still holding the demon. Castiel placed a firm grip on his mate’s shoulder for support. Rook tried his best to escape. He writhed in pain and gave out high-pitched screams that made Deans ears bleed. The demon left the vessel intact. Castiel pulled at the smoke and waved his hands, and black and yellow butterflies flew around their heads and vanished into the earth.
Gabriel stuck a sucker into his mouth. “Sorry about the joke, though. I like you, Dean, some exams coming your way to catch what level you’re at. Some easy some hard, you up for that?” Gabriel eyed the boy shrewdly.
‘ Castiel grabbed his blade and hoisted it high, crying out a celestial battle alarm, and started hacking at the hangings on the wall.
“Dean needs you, he’s stuck a sigil on the door, and we can’t approach the room. I triggered him, please?” pleaded the angel
“Dean.”
“Charlie offered me the box so we can chat freely. Michael’s staying close to the agency. He’s accepted work here so; we don’t live far.” Adam drew a crumpled scrap of paper out of his pocket. “This is the address if you require it.”
“The alarm did not go off,” mumbled Adam, rubbing sleepy eyes.
Chuck backed up slightly but agreed. “Yes, Dean. When I said peace would come, I honestly mean it. The ones that deserve to stay and those that have passed on will be freed. They will live anew in my paradise.”
Castiel waved the comment aside with his hand. “Its fine Dean eat before it gets cold. Then you can open your gifts.”
XxXxXxXxX
They all repeated the two words, shouting them out because they all knew Castiel and Dean represented genuine love. We’re going to last forever. Would help in any way they could.
“We will, thanks for this Gabe,” Dean told his friend.
Dean rubbed at his eyes, tiredly wishing all this could be over, and he could sleep in his comfortable bed. “How do you kill an immortal being?”
“Oh, I will have a word with my brother. Come, Charlie, we have much to accomplish today. Goodbye Dean, we will visit soon.”
“Cas! What’s wrong? Is everyone okay?” Dean asked in an alarmed tone.
“No,” he screamed, and his wings burst forth, ripping his tee-shirt to shreds. His heart was pounding out of his ribcage. Looking down, he ripped off the leather bracelet and made certain he had his phone. The loophole he smirked. Flapping his wings, he flew far away.
“I need to listen to him, help him, and guide him,” Castiel whispered, staring at the bracelet.
Dean got clean clothes on, not wanting to, but did not want to disappoint Aggie if he went down in dirty ones. He put on his green button-down and black jeans. Putting the television on and watched a couple of shows. Regularly checking his watch to keep an eye on the time.
Gabriel joined in with the joke. “I know there was a reason I liked you.”
Dean closes his eyes, and suddenly his grasp tightened. In Latin, he started an exorcism. His chant grew louder and stronger and the demon struggled, but Dean held firm.
“Cas, Cas are you okay? Did I break you, angel?” Dean asks in a whisper.
The alarm woke him with a piercing beep, sitting up in a slight daze. Smiling, he ran his hand through his messy bed hair. Dean had it cut on the persistence of Mertha. Not too short, as he knew his angel liked to run his fingers through it. Dean had spoken to Michael about the ceremony, and all was ready. Breathing in and out slowly, he went and grabbed a shower. Being a Nephilim meant that he did not have to shave so regularly, but today he did. Drying his hair with a soft towel, he ran gel through it, making it spiked.
“My sire will come for me; they will avenge me.”
The Fate screaked with rage, her blood-red nails sinking into her thighs. She raised her hand and time stopped. The angels and hell beasts became captured in a slow-motion bubble. The Fate pushes Castiel onto the floor; he has no hope of avoiding her. He was under a spell. The angel could not fight back, had no time to reach for his sword or blade. Grinning with unmerciful glee, the Fate grabbed Castiel’s angel blade and struggles to stab him, but the Fate stumbles, her eyes going comically wide.
“Any other information report it to me while Castiel’s elsewhere,” ordered Gabriel. Jody and Hannah nodded.
“The next award is our Progress and Charity award. Now this person has merely been at the agency a year and has achieved level two of the angel awards.”
“Let’s watch a movie. Don’t dwell on us leaving.” Adam pulled his friend up off the couch and pressed the black box into Dean’s hand.
I have to correct this three times and it made me cry all three times. Ugh, See you on the other side...With tissues, chocolate, and a hug...
“I feel him; he will soon be here.”
Castiel became animated with his hands, excited at his brother's discovery.
“Are you still going to do what you told me, Dean?” Adam asks.
“That’s an angel blade. Can kill angels and demons. Use it wisely, son.”
“Did you feel your angel before you mated?”
Adam crosses the minor road with Dean by his side. The path maintained, and the wood sparse. Dean can hear the rumble of traffic from here. Adam points to a yellow salt-can that looks broken.
“I like it there Dee schools great, and I made friends.”
Castiel is angry at what God did to him and Dean. Dean gets through his heat with the help of Anna and Charlie. Castiel and Dean have a heart to heart. Dean asks Castiel to bond with him.
“Dean, have I permission to check your pass?” the angel asks, and Charlie looks puzzled she never did this to Adam, and he’s with the last unmated archangel’s mate.
The woman came around the wooden counter and put her arm around the upset boy. “Now, why don’t you sit in our common area? Paul here will get you a drink, and everything you need to eat. I will ring Bobby; you’re safe here Dean, no one can hurt you. My name’s Aggie, by the way.” smiling for the first time, Dean wondered why she did not do that more often; it made her less severe. “Paul, can you tend to Dean while I try to contact his family?”
“Dean, don’t you think we best go straight to the plains?”
Pulling the angel back by her tunic, he shouted his warning. “No, he has holy oil, let’s wait for the commander.”
’ Castiel stood, but he felt a spike of horror from Dean. “Dean, we need to get to him.”
“Always so dramatic. Now I need to sort the demon traps and salt lines, out. Get the salt guns and everything ready.”
“Slytherin, keep you on your toes, hey Cas.” Dean laughed at the look of shock on his mate’s face.
“Have you still got my feathers?” Castiel asked tentatively.
XxXxXxX
The next day Dean went down for breakfast. He had waffles and scrambled eggs. The omega spotted Cam. He cleared his tray and stuck it on the garbage trolley and rushed over.
Dean glanced down at his cakes. “Do they put something in the food?” he whispered.
“Can I throw on something warm?”
“Adam, why do I have to wear this suit again?” Dean grumbled, not liking this one bit.
Castiel’s blue eyes had taken on a stormy hue. Back straight, hands behind his back. The angel was not to be messed with. Dean found it fascinating to watch his mate in leader mode. He found it a little hot and wanted to grab his mate and kiss him. Castiel shot a quick look of amusement. A slight clearing of his throat and a slight quirk of his lips was the sole flash of emotion the leader showed that his mate’s inner monologue affected him.
“What do you think, Mertha?” Dean asked his friend.
“Tell me another joke; he would hate that.” grinned Dean, peering into whiskey brown eyes.
John appeared sickly, his face was hollow, and his cough was hacking. His skin was yellow, and he had weeping sores on his face and hands.
“Well, he won’t go far, it’s not like he can get out of the agency with no one noticing.”
Silver and made of Tungsten, the wedding band, shone brightly catching the lights of the shop. “So how complete this?” Dean questioned Beth.
“I leave soon, Dean, but want to give you something. You any good with computers?”
Castiel’s internal monologue went around in his head. Wondering what was important and what he needed to fix it.
Dean grins at the angel. “I would hug you, but I think if I did, we would both be in trouble with Cas.”
Adam snorted, “Yeah, come here.”
Michael and Adam were not there, wanting to have their first feast as a mated pair. The same went for Anna and Charlie. Gabriel sat with his mate Amy at the top of one table and asked everyone to unwind.
“Hello Dean, call me Amber, most do.” the angel smiled softly, but she had a fierce edge to her.
“I’ve heard from Bobby he should be here soon Dean, go grab something to eat and gather your belongings up, it won’t be long now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean came down with his bag. Adam was waiting for him.
Dean slips to the floor; it’s filthy and wet, but the boy just sobs. “she lied, dad, he killed my mom. Cas, I know, he did.”
“Truth or dare Dean.” Flynn laughed, getting into the game.
“Oh, yeah, that’s not good.” she shook her head and stared at the creature inhabiting her friend’s face.
“Why don’t you ask him, Castiel, its Deans choice after all?” Lucifer recommended.
Dean sat down fatigued, drained and rather despondent.
“Thanks, Chuck.” suddenly Dean gasped, astonished. “Holy fuck, Gods, my father-in-law.”
Dean grinned, he knew his baby brother would be an alpha. Full of protective concern, even at a tender young age. “I promise Sammy, and anyway we need to catch up. I don’t know the laws about family and the nest, not learnt that yet.”
Castiel and Dean cement their bond. Two becomes one, in love and trust.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabriel grinned when the other angels raised their eyebrows at him. “What! Why do they get all the fun?” He sulked, winking at Dean.
“Well, that must have been some phone call. I agree Castiel has no clue. I like you, Dean.” Charlie holds out a hand. Dean shakes it. “Friends.”
“We told you, Dean.”  “We told you.” the shadows laughed in childish glee.
“Yes, love. You have provided power to so many.”
“Will we ever find out the truth?”
Dean sees Pam rush up to him, and he knows this can’t be good, but he understands why. “Dean, thank the lord, I caught you. We need to put you on a light diet for now, with your issues.”
Castiel paced back and forth in Gabriel’s classroom.
Dean laughed and jumped out of bed. Grabbing some clothes, he went into the bathroom. Charlie waited in the living area for her best friend.
“I agree, keep close guys,” Joe spoke in seriousness, observing every shadow in case it jumped out at them.
“You are a foolish man. You can merely pass your DNA on to others of your kind. But not those with angel blood. Mary’s angel DNA would have eradicated any evil in those boys. They don’t have one ounce of darkness in them, nothing of you.”
Dean and Castiel were allowed a couple of days reprieve, before being called back to get things sorted for the ever-looming war. Castiel spent most of his time in heaven though Dean missed him, the omega knew this was important.
The angel strode over to the omega pile and stroked Deans hair. “It’s over now; you can all come out.”
Castiel turned red eyes on to his mate. His alpha voice was leaking out slightly. “You will do what I tell you. Flee if I’m not back.”
“Do you think Rook had anything to do with this?” Castiel asked, struggling to keep calm, although he felt anger zip through his very core.
Virtues: Grey
“Your family Dean, we love you.” Anna kissed the top of his head.
“Thanks, Adam,” Dean told the older boy.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Free will can work both ways, angel. Between good and evil, it’s a precarious balance.” Crowley explained to Gabriel and his son.
“What’s Cas got to do with this?” Dean asked with a puzzled expression on his face.
Dean gets bulled but Cam comes to the rescue. Dean finds out who really sent the angel to look out for him.
Zad sighed and blew on his hands to keep them warm. He clicked his fingers, and the broken street light turned on behind them. “I never touched you, Dean, just called you names. My father placed me in there. He needed information on you.”
“Why don’t you love me, Cas? Why does everybody hate me?”
“I will.” Sam nodded at the angel and kissed his brother’s cheek and went to sit down.
“I went to Heaven, back to the Novak line and asked permission to borrow vessels. I helped Dean. I could not leave him, Gabe. He could have fallen, hurt himself. He’s not adhered to any of the rules I set; he’s pushing me to determine if I will react. I left a feather by his bed, and I don’t know if he will understand the message. My boy has been abused, belittled and abandoned all his life, and, ultimately, I have done the same. How can he ever forgive me for that?”
“Oh, you’re new?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is it going to be that intense every time?” Dean inquires out of breath.
Dean turned to his mate. “That was nice, far better than a human funeral, black and morbid. I always thought we should celebrate someone’s life.”
“You can trust her?” Dean asked sceptically.
“May the blessings of the stars be with you.” Mertha took a quick hug from the boy she had grown to love and wiped a tear from her purple iris.
So, they ran and requested back-up, retracing their steps. No time for delay, no time to reflect on the aftermaths of their actions.
“My name’s Daisy, and your very kind to an old woman.”
Castiel’s sky-blue eyes widened with concern. “Is this what’s on your mind? Why would we punish you for John’s mistakes?”
“Oh, yes. Crowley’s waiting in our holding bay. You’re far more important, though. I would like you to come with me.”
Dean just grinned, his eyes bright with happiness. He knew everything was going to be okay because they had each other and that’s all they needed. Castiel was his wings, and Dean was his sword. They would protect, love and care for each other until the end of time itself.
“What’s your name kid-o?”
They have a shower and gently wash each other. It’s unhurried and sensual, just the two of them in a love-struck bubble.
“Yes, you’re correct, let’s get going.” Castiel nodded his head in agreement. Castiel winked at Dean and straighten himself out, getting back into his commander mindset.
“Uh, this is so unfair on a Saturday night,” he grumbled out loud.
Sam got off his big brother and collected his bag. Wiping his eyes. “Sorry, Dee.”
Necro-Meaning corpse or death.
“Commander Castiel does not have your power though, I mean he could never win a fight against you?” the young omega asked the angel.
“That’s not fair; you can’t heap the blame on him,” Joe stated indignantly.
“Can you tell me demon, why you’re touching my mate?” Castiel growled, eyes flashing red. Swinging Rook around to face him. Gabriel pinned his hands behind his back and using his mojo stopping the demon from smoking out.
Dean thought to himself.
Castiel sat forward. Red flashed in his eyes. “I’m your son’s mate, John Winchester. If you ever and I mean ever, and I will live for a long time. Touch a hair on Dean’s head; I will kill you. Do you understand me? If I hear, about you taking revenge, if I hear about you trying to get him back, anything that puts his welfare or life in peril, you won’t live another day. I have my rights, as his mate.” Castiel said it so quietly and deadly that even Hannah felt dread at the words of the mighty angel.
They both stood at the foot of the bed. Castiel sunk further into moody green eyes. Castiel reverently traced Deans jawline with the pads of his fingers, visibly making Dean, shiver.
“Aim it away from the second cave opening; that’s what it's protecting.”  hollered Sandy, who had remained very stoic until now.
“Hey Dean, you ready for this?” asked Joe, yawning noisily.
“Sure Cas, for you.” Dean hugged the angel and went toward the elevators. Turning, he waved. They went towards his room.
Ten minutes later Adam gets up and walks out of the door. Dean monitors the time and ten minutes later strolls into the garden.
“I will catch you later.” Dean shook his head at how swiftly his angel dismissed him. Rushing out of the door, he breathed a sigh of relief. He kept forgetting that his angel could pick up his thoughts now and then.
“I don’t have favourites, of course, but Lucifer and I get on rather well. He’s protective of me.” Castiel looks at Dean shyly. “I would love for you to meet him after all this?”
White light shot from the bonding couple’s entwined hands. Even though the day was bright, the blinding light was still visible. Everyone gasped when the light changed colour. Red flames intermingled with yellow stars, like wriggling snakes as they coiled around each other, shooting to the heavens. The lights suddenly died down, and Dean looked at their hands. No blood or marks appeared on there.
Dean stuck to his word and did not waver from Castiel’s rules. That Friday morning, he had a free period and was idly studying omega rights.
Dean took them off his friend’s wrists and stuck them on his own. “You did great, my friend, take care of Kate for me.”
“I had no idea that if you did not finish all three bonds, you would die.” Dean gasped in horror.
“Father won’t let him get hurt, surely Gabriel?” Mertha commented to her brother.
“Castiel knows humans sleep, right?” Dean asks amused tone in his voice.
“I can offer you a ride, Dean, but I’m going to visit my girl.” the skinny man laughs at the prospect.
A shout went up, and everybody stood to attention. Dean heard Castiel’s voice thunder out. “We have a green light; all troops raise arms. May the light always be with you?”
“Not too long ago. We just came from the movies.”
“I’ll come and show you, Dean.” Adam put his arm around Dean, and the other boy wanted to shake him off. The others looked at them as they strode to the boy’s dorms. Adam pressed his key card to the door and told Dean to do the same. There was a bank of elevators: three silver and one gold.
“Where ever I fall, those that follow will be proud of me. I will not give up the fight until the Heavens and Earth are clean with the scourge of Hell that defile Gods own creation. Creatures like you that mess with the universal balance. You decide to change time, the path of the future to your whims, but that’s not how it works.”
