"A little. Why?"
Dean visibly deflates, but only a little. “Might just need some time to get used to it.”
"Thanks," Sam said, taking a seat. Beckett followed his lead.
, that could so easily contradict itself and not lose itself, what else could it do but sing as many notes as it did?
“I’ll pay you,” Sam had promised. “Cash, or beer and pie, it’s up to you.”
Sam felt himself relax. Of course she didn’t want to give it up. Hadn’t she said so when they’d first met? “I don’t want to stop either.”
Sam couldn’t believe it. He’d thought about having Eileen in his bed, but he’d never imagined just how badly he would just want to hold her and know she was safe. Her head was resting on his chest, and he stroked her hair. She sighed, and he pressed a kiss to the top of her head.
“Then I don’t make it back.”
Eileen. She was why he was angry.
Okay. Sam could deal with that. He was sure they’d figure something out. He was happy for them, really. Why wouldn’t he be? His brother and his best friend, that was great!
Cas nods automatically, keeping his eyes down. “This is very good. Thank you.”
Dean looked through the viewfinder. He aimed the camera over the lake. It was a short lens, so he couldn’t zoom in too far. He was sure the pictures he took weren’t technically correct, maybe the composition was off, but he thought they were nice. The sky was very blue today, and there were more boats out than there had been the last time he’d been here. He brought up the pictures he had taken and scrolled through them.
“Yeah, you said this is where angels and demons go to sleep for eternity or some shit,” Dean says. His creased brow smooths and one side of his mouth turns up. “Not that I’m complaining. You’re a lot easier to find when you’re awake.”
Dean and Bobby had waited in the graveyard where the fight had been, afraid that if they left, Cas wouldn't be able to get Sam back to them. But they didn't need to wait long; in half an hour, Cas was back, greatly weakened, with an unconscious Sam draped across his shoulders.
Dean was curious about that brother, but that could wait because, “You were talking about me?”
Cas is still trembling. He tries to stop it, but he’s fairly certain he isn’t in control of his own body. He might just be making it worse. He looks over to Dean when he feels Dean’s grip tighten.
of emotion. There was pain there, and a deep sense of longing. Pride and ambition and duty and humility. Loyalty and rebellion. And suddenly it was no wonder to Castiel why the souls sang such beautiful chords; anything that could hold this
“’Auto’ is fine.”
Back at the motel, Beckett and Sam were explaining their separate situations.
“Wrong? No,” Sam said, not convincingly at all. “I, uh, I have to go. Check something.”
Sam debated the merits of denying it. He could keep his research in the background, like he knew Dean had done with the empty. “Eileen,” he said, before he could stop himself. “She’s still gone.”
“Hmm,” Jack said. He seemed troubled. “They’re only memories?”
Castiel was not built to feel such things. Each new feeling was overwhelming, and yet Castiel couldn’t bring himself to let go, even as he rebuilt the righteous man’s body around his soul. Castiel couldn’t help himself, and even as he tried to focus on what he needed to do, on completing his mission and returning to heaven, he found he held on too long as he finished his work, and his hand burned the righteous man’s arm, leaving a hand print that Castiel didn’t have time to fix, for the righteous man was waking up, and Castiel didn’t have a vessel.
You’re
Cas just nods. He manages a tentative smile in return, and now Dean is grinning back at him in earnest. Cas reaches forward with his free hand, but he sees Dean’s gaze shift for just a moment. He turns to see what’s behind him, and, finding nothing, he turns back, only to find empty space once more.
Cas swallows thickly. “Okay.”
Well, that was weird.
"So what are we going to do?" Beckett asked as they got out of the car and headed toward the house.
“What are you doing here?”
“I couldn’t leave you there,” Cas said. “Even when Alastair put you in that room and the fighting got worse. I had to make sure you were safe.”
"Not sure yet," Sam said. "But I'm all for not being bitten."
When Dean smiles again, Cas thinks it’s like his soul is shining through his face. He moves his hand and rests it on Cas’ side. “Then I’m all yours, Cas.”
"Good, because I think you should go have a look at what's up there," Sam said.
Beckett could think of a hundred things to say in return, but he didn't say any of them. Instead, he sighed and made his way down the hall to where the computer was housed.
“You don’t want round two?” Sam joked. He smiled when Dean glared at him.
"Yeah, sure," the officer said, opening the door for them. "If it is a serial killer though, he's a weird son of a bitch."
Dean’s mattress is softer than Cas’. The blanket is softer too. When Dean turns the light off, Cas squeezes his eyes shut, his whole body rigid until he feels Dean settle in beside him.
Cas had an odd look on his face, but his phone ringing interrupted whatever was going on in that moment. “Excuse me,” he said, pushing his chair back. He answered the phone and walked back toward the front door.
There was a
Cas uses the bathroom. He splashes cool water on his face. He thinks to try to comb his hair down, but gives up before he can make much progress. He’s in the kitchen before Dean, but Dean promised to meet him there, so he tries to ignore the fear that bubbles in his chest.
He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, but it wasn’t Cas holding a cupcake. “Hello Dean,” Cas said, stepping into the room and closing the door with a questioning look.
Cas smiles, because he knows, and he believes. “Tell me you love me.”
A beat passed in silence.
, he thought.
The woman frowned in confusion. "Go ahead and take them," she said.
Beckett pinched the bridge of his nose. "Alright, so I'm just supposed to go along with this?"
“Don’t be,” Dean said, grabbing Cas’ arm so he couldn’t go anywhere. He leaned forward ever so slightly. They’d had something for a long time – he knew that. It had been something else entirely once or twice – in purgatory, when Cas was working at that awful gas station – but there had never been any consistency to it. But now it had been eight years since Cas raised him from hell. This seemed as good a time as any.
"It does seem that way. What happened?"
“Individuals see who they want to see,” Cas added. “Projections - memories - of those they loved. They don’t feel lonely.”
Dean considered this. The silence wasn’t distracting. He liked listening to Cas work. But now he’d brought it up, and now the quiet seemed like just a little too much. He started his playlist on his phone, but kept the volume low. Background music.
Second, Jack had taken over for Chuck. That part was pretty cool, and the thought of his son (“Jack’s our son, isn’t he?” Dean had asked Sam at one point, when he’d had a little too much to drink. “The three of us, you, me, and Cas. He’s our son?” Sam had given him a strange look and said something about Jack being family. Dean couldn’t remember the details at this point.) being the one in charge of just about everything was pretty gratifying. Even so, Dean found himself looking for Jack around the bunker, in the rear-view mirror. Life was just, quiet. Lonely.
Cas approached Bobby cautiously, not sure how his presence here in Bobby’s heaven would be received. He needn’t have worried. “Good morning, Bobby,” he said politely. It seemed to be morning here, anyway.
Dean and his brother Sam had had a tough life, growing up hunting the monsters many others believed were just fairy tales. Dean and Sam's mother, Mary Winchester, had been killed when he was very small by a demon with yellow eyes, and their father had become obsessed with finding it and killing it, along the way becoming what was known as a hunter, taking on the monumental task of tracking and killing all of the things that go bump in the night.
“So Jack’s, what, in charge now?”
"Is everything okay? Like, are you two...good? You seemed okay last night when I headed out to the bar," the other man said, his voice worried.
A long time. How long? Dean wondered. How long had this been in the back of Cas’ mind when Dean had tried to push him away. Hell, how long had it been on
Sam’s typing bubble appeared, and stayed for a few seconds before a short message.
Jack straightened. He studied Cas. His face was inexpressive, but it was clear the wheels in his mind were turning. “I want heaven to be like that,” he finally said.
“I made the left at the fork back there. The afternoon before I found you over here.”
“Yeah…?” Dean said. He preferred not to think about it too much.
He scrolled through their conversations, an ache growing in his chest. She was so witty, and so sweet, and she didn’t take shit from anyone. And she was gone.
Sam shrugged and nodded. “I guess.”
Cas takes another step forward, but he can feel the chasm opening in his chest. All over again he feels as if his wings have been clipped, as if he was just taking off and his updraft suddenly flipped and knocked him back down.
“Dean Winchester,” the thing said. It had a voice not entirely unlike Alastair’s; still deep and bone rattling, but comforting in a way that Alastair’s definitely wasn’t.
Oddly enough, the kitchen smelled faintly of breakfast. This wasn’t so odd when he found Dean’s note on the counter. He wondered what time Dean had left, and whether he should be worried. A small part of him worried that Dean might do something stupid, but he decided to leave it for now.
But Sam still felt weird.
“You have a key,” Dean reminded him when he opened the door. “You can just let yourself in.”
in that, if he could bring back Cas?
“Left her to me, yeah.”
"How? We cover our tracks."
Cas smiled, nodded to himself. “If I’ve learned anything about them, and I think I have, it’s that nothing brings them joy like being with the people they love.”
“Morning, Sammy,” Dean said.
“What I said,” Cas starts, “before. You…”
if you’re so worried.”
“Because then you’ll go away.”
Jack smiled at him. “I came to get you,” he said, reaching a hand out to the nothingness beside him. He sunk his fingers into it and pulled it aside like a curtain, revealing a light so bright Cas thought he might not be able to see anything if he stepped into it.
"My name is Dean Winchester," Dean said uncertainly.
It seems to take a moment for the words to process in Dean’s mind, but he stands eventually and walks out with Cas, just a step behind him.
“What did?”
“You okay?”
He expects the portal to open up and drag him away again. He expects the whole scene to melt away before his eyes and leave him alone and broken again. Already, he feels alone and broken again.
There were footsteps on the stairs again, and Dean's voice saying, "Yeah, you're right, that's weird."
It was Cas’ turn to narrow his eyes suspiciously. He’d never quite had a choice in the matter, whether he was or not. “What do you mean?”
"Dean?" Sam asked.
“You were knocked out when I left,” Dean says. He’s sitting diagonally from Cas, leaning forward and down over the table to try to catch Cas’ eye. “Are you sure you’re alright?”
Dean looked toward the horizon. The pinks were really starting to come through now, the pastel shades making the park look soft and almost blurry. “You like to watch it?”
“Didn’t know?”
Cas wouldn’t know. He hasn’t tried it yet. “Dean.”
Later. There’s a later.
"You just sit and wait," Al confirmed, stepping aside to let Dean pass him into the hallway.
“Leave the door open behind me?” Dean asks. He flicks the lighter and the tiny flame sparks to life. “No thanks. And this one won’t be open very long, so make sure you’re holding on.”
Cas was staring back at him, bewildered. The hand he had on Dean’s waist moved to Dean’s back and held him tighter. “You came to get me.”
Cas cracked a smile. “Can I finish your walk with you?”
want.”
Castiel was scratching Miracle’s ear absently. “We only met a few weeks ago. I asked to pet his dog. We talk sometimes in the mornings.”
Cas smiled at him. “Then I won’t keep you,” he said.
When they pulled up outside the farm, Beckett didn't see anything unusual at first. It just looked like a weathered old farmhouse, though the scarecrow was a little creepy. There were oak trees out front and a swing on the porch. It wasn't until they were right outside it that Beckett noticed the marks on the walls that looked like they were carved with claws. He didn't understand how Dean could have noticed that, but it must have come from hunting these things for so long.
"Him?" Beckett asked, but then a new voice came through the transmitter.
“I want you.”
“It’s fine,” Dean said. He picked up on something in Cas’ voice, like he was talking about something more significant than leaving a handprint on Dean’s shoulder. “It was just a handprint. No big deal.”
get along with Castiel?”
*~*~*~*~*
Are you sure you’re okay?”
"You'll get the memories of the hunt when you get home," Ziggy said.
"If the past is set right, everything goes back to how it was before?" Cas asked, his voice hoarse.
They talked for a while after that. Jack gave them as many details of his work as he was comfortable sharing. They joked and made references he remembered but didn’t understand the weight of, but he didn’t mind. They were living their lives, and that was all he wanted.
Dean considered. He felt like he might lose his breakfast, but that was secondary. He was a little sore, but honestly he hadn't really noticed. “Just fine.” He crossed to one of the tables and took a seat. “How about you? What’s your story?”
"Relax. I'll get back there."
He doesn’t realize he’s shaking until someone, he isn’t sure who, forces him into a chair.
“I always come back to you,” Cas managed. He returned the hug tentatively, and his embrace only made Dean’s arms tighten further around him.
With how Dean’s night was going, he would have thought maybe the universe
“What about my grace?” That creeping feeling is back, like fingers trailing up his spine. It feels more sinister this time.
“What are we going to do now?” Eileen asked. She’d been thinking about it all day. Of what she wanted to do. All she needed to know was what Sam wanted to do. She propped herself up on one elbow, turned on the lamp on the bedside table, and looked down at him so she could read his lips.
“He’s just tired,” he said, as much to himself as to Cas. “It’s been a long couple of weeks, you know?”
"You want to send my friend in there alone?" Al demanded.
Cas laughed. “I’m sorry for insinuating otherwise.”
Cas drops his head into his hands. He tries to collect his thoughts.
Cas pulls his coat further over his face. He squeezes his eyes shut in a desperate attempt to ignore that voice he loves so much.
“I do.” Dean studied Cas’ face, and the light reflected there. Only it wasn’t a reflection anymore; Cas was glowing as much as he ever had.
Long hours in the car aren’t what he planned on thinking about, but the memories are comforting. Memories of laughing and joking and bickering as the mile markers zip past on the highway. Arguments about cases. The comfortable silence of a quiet night and the relieved silence of a crisis averted. The steady beat of rain or Dean swearing a blue streak at being cut off or the music from the Impala’s tape deck. He likes the front seat best, riding next to Dean.
“Don’t know what you’re talking about Sammy,” Dean replied, turning up the volume on the radio. But he knew. And it was. Was that a crime? To be distracted for a little while?
The mission was uncomplicated. Castiel and his garrison were to infiltrate hell, locate the righteous man, and return him to earth. They knew where the weak points were. They knew how to fight demons. And once the righteous man was delivered from hell, they knew that the next mission would be averting the apocalypse.
A heavy silence passed between them, and Dean shifted uncomfortably, what was left of his breakfast sitting forgotten on the desk. “You’re kidding, right?” Dean asked.
The picture on the display was clearly from earlier that afternoon. There were close-ups of flowers near the entrance to the park, one with a bee hovering over it, pollen stuck in the fuzz on its legs. There was a picture of a bird in its nest in one of the trees on the walk to the lake.
There’s not enough here to grab on to. If he had something he could see, something he could be sure was real, he’s sure he could ground himself, find his bearings. But it’s just dark. Nothing appears.
“I wasn’t on my honeymoon.”
And even though the tension is already creeping back in, he’s okay for now.
“I actually have a question,” Dean said, when he’d finished half of his sandwich and could think past his hunger again.
“They do get along.”
"What do you mean?" Cas asked, his brow furrowed in confusion. "He's right there."
Cas. Cas was
“What do you mean, your grace is fading?” Dean asked. Something else to fix?
“You feeling up for breakfast?”
Cas’ expression tightened. He looked like a man overwhelmed. His eyes welled with tears, and one spilled down each cheek. He tried to say something, but no words came out.
Cas looked like he wanted to vaporize Beckett, but he restrained himself. "Yes," he said, his jaw clenched.
It was indeed a party. There were faces Jack recognized because he’d met them, and faces he recognized because he’d seen pictures, and some he only recognized as a side effect of omniscience. Such a stark contrast to how the bunker had been before, with just their family there. It had seemed so big and empty then. It felt more like a home now. There were more knick-knacks, books that didn’t have to do with hunting monsters, evidence of being lived in.
“So you have a brother?” Dean finally asked.
tells Dean that he doesn’t need to sleep. It seems that in this fantasy, he does. Or at least he feels like he does. “A break would be nice.”
"That's how it goes," Beckett said. "Al will be back to get you, since you need Ziggy to open the door."
“Something’s wrong.”
“You’re okay, Cas,” Dean says.
“You need rest,” Dean says. He crosses the space between them and rests a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “Don’t worry about it for now.”
“Sure, keep dreaming,” Sam said, going back to his news search.
It didn't take long to find the guns. They had been left on the coffee table in the living room, probably because the silver on their handles burned the werewolves' hands and couldn't be carried for too long.
Dean’s face immediately twists into confusion. “Stay back?” he asks, and his voice is hurt. “Cas, you’re the one with a weapon here.”
“I was wrong.”
A walk was good. The morning was crisp, the eastern horizon just turning pink. Usually they took a loop that lasted about half an hour. Today was not usual.
Perhaps it could. Dean was staring at Castiel, wondering if he’d actually died and gone to heaven and had simply not been paying attention. Cas didn’t seem any worse for wear, anyway. He was missing his trench coat - but of course he was; the coat was in the Impala’s trunk - and the blade he held in his hand was soiled with vampire blood, but other than that, he seemed just like himself.
"It's Al," Beckett explained. "He appears as a hologram, but it's tuned to my brainwaves. Usually I'm the only one who can see him."
There were other things too, things Jack had noticed that his family didn’t bring up. They all sat at the table in the main room to have something to eat, long after any guests who were staying had gone to their rooms and any guests who weren’t staying had gone their separate ways. Jack noticed that when Dean set plates down for himself and Cas, that Cas kissed his cheek and Dean blushed pink up to his ears but squeezed Cas’ thigh anyway when he sat beside him. Jack noticed that Sam and Eileen would lean into each other when they laughed, and would often joke to each other in sign language whether anyone else could see them or not. Jack noticed that Miracle would sit between Dean and Cas, knowing that they would give her scraps from their plates no matter how many times Sam would give them an exasperated look and ask them to please not feed the dog from the table.
“Oh.”
"It must have all worked out," he said. "Ziggy says it's time to go home."
"Am I happy, where I am now?" Dean asked, not opening his eyes.
Beckett seemed to be a little more worried about going into a building they thought housed werewolves than Sam was, but the inside of the house was relatively normal, as far as he could tell. The walls were bright and there was a general feeling of home in the air. The sounds of children playing came down from upstairs. There were scratches on the banister, but the house was old, so Beckett didn't think that was too strange.
Bobby snorted a laugh. “Not to toot your own horn or anything.”
“But you’ve been here a lot this week.”
"Good," Al said, holding up the transmitter in his hand. "Ziggy has a theory."
“Castiel?” Dean asked. “Your friend from the park.”
“Only if you have creamer.”
and a door clicking shut.
Cas almost points out that with how tight Dean’s holding on to his arm, he doesn’t think that will be a problem. Instead he watches the flame on the tie holding the bundle together. He can feel Dean’s eyes on his face, but he refuses to meet them. He’ll indulge the fantasy, but he won’t bear witness to how Dean might look at him this close to freedom.
“’Morning Cas,” Dean said as he approached.
“Don’t go anywhere,” Dean said as he closed his eyes. “You have to stay with me.”
"He's the tall one?" Al asked. Dean nodded. "Yeah, he's fine."
you are.”
"I asked you first," the voice countered.
“I bet he gets bent out of shape about that.”
Tentatively, Dean stepped out, expecting some kind of alarm. When none came, he turned right and started walking. There seemed to be more activity this way. Which is to say that slightly more than nothing was happening. There was a room just a few doors down from the waiting room that had a lit sign above it that read, "IN USE." Dean pressed his ear to the door, but heard nothing on the other side, which he found weird. Though not weirder than anything else that had gone on, he supposed.
Castiel had never been to hell before. He had studied the layout in the leadup to the mission, but he’d never seen it himself. Still, the concept was simple: souls were tortured until they were tainted and had lost the spark of humanity that made them souls, at which point they became demons.
Cas startles awake to a dimly lit room. He feels rested for the first time in a long time, despite everything. He looks to his right to see Dean watching him, a lopsided smile spreading on his face. Cas blinks at him, but tries a smile anyway. He still feels stuck, like he won’t be able to move if he tries.
Cas turned to face forward in time to see Dean hold something out to him from the front seat. His coat. Cas thanked him and sank his fingers into the worn fabric. It’d been cleaned recently. He studied it as the Impala’s engine roared to life, but decided against analyzing it for now. Instead he spread it over the kids next to him to keep them warm.
Cas shrugged. “That’s how you get the pictures.”
When he decided his list was complete (or as close to complete as he could get it while sleep clawed at the back of his mind) Sam closed his notes app. His thumb hovered over the screen. He knew he should just lock the phone and try to get some sleep before the day he had ahead of him tomorrow, but he couldn’t. He reopened his text conversations with Eileen and reread them again. At some point he fell asleep.
pulling on him as they walked out, even when Dean slowed to look at the names carved into the desk in the main room.
Cas takes a deep breath. He nods, but knows better than to trust the feeling. “You came to get me?” he asks. When Dean confirms, he says, “Tell me how.”
There wasn’t much light in the dungeons. The souls were dimming, some of them even as the angels and demons fought. Where they would normally be bright and shining, some looked on the brink of being snuffed out completely. There was a flash periodically, when an angel or demon died. Any other light in the dungeon came from the angels’ grace, throwing ghoulish shadows against the walls, even as the smoke of the demons’ forms threatened to overwhelm the blue light.
Cas looks toward Dean’s voice before he can stop himself, his heart feeling like it’s tripping over itself. Dean’s looking at him the same way he was the last time, just before the end. “Dean?”
Cas sent back a thumbs up emoji.
Against his will, Cas’ shoulders relax. He leans into the feeling whether it’s a good idea or not.
Cas nods, and he does. He feels looser than he has in days, hell,
ed. He looked away for a moment, then back at Sam. “I told him I love him.”
“Coffee?”
Cas?”
Dean wanted to argue, to tell Cas he could probably spare another ten minutes, but Cas had turned his attention back to his camera.
Dean had composed the message in his head by the time they circled the block and returned to his front door. When he checked his phone, he saw another message from Cas.
Jack asked them about what they’d been up to, but of course he knew. He’d been keeping an eye on them, and they did pray to him occasionally. He could tell how they lit up to talk about it though, and so he listened.
"Heaven?" Beckett asked. "You can hear it?"
“Do you keep any of them?”
So maybe he
Dean looked back at the machine in front of him. "You're the computer."
“You could say that.”
“Thanks.” It had been twelve years; it was past the sting of loss. Dean opened the passenger door for Cas with a flourish. “Your carriage.”
As if on cue, Ziggy piped up. "I hate to interrupt," she said, "but you have a call."
“C’mon, I need you Cas. You can’t just tell someone you love them without letting them answer.”
"Oh, you're the man Doctor Beckett leaped into," the voice said. "I am Ziggy."
"Hello there," a woman said as she opened the door. She had a pleasant smile on her face, but when she focused on the strangers on her porch, the pleasant look faltered for just a moment. "Is there something I can do for you?"
The crease between Cas’ brows deepens, but he allows himself to be led from the room and to the kitchen. The smells of pancakes and syrup and coffee greet him as they approach the kitchen, and once they arrive Cas can see a plate already made up for him.
“You have a bit of icing,” Cas said, pointing on his own lip where it was. He found he couldn’t force his eyes from Dean’s mouth when Dean licked the icing off.
This was all news to Dean. “But he’s pretty willing to talk.”
"So we kill as many as we can first," Sam said. "Hopefully there won't be as many left to fight."
He thought it was odd that Cas hadn’t said anything, and when he looked up, he found Cas looking at him with a small fond smile. “Don’t move,” Dean said. To his credit, Cas didn’t budge as Dean brought the camera back up, adjusted the zoom, and pressed the shutter. He inspected the photo before looking up at Cas.
Dean was so busy watching the water as he walked that he didn’t notice the person off to their right until Miracle started pulling that way. He looked down at the dog and pulled gently on the leash to bring her to heel, but when he looked up he saw a familiar face, buried in a book.
” Cas practically shouts, “where
She didn’t… feel in trouble. Not anymore.
Cas looks around the rest of the room. There’s Sam at a table, the ingredients to a spell laid out in front of him, looking exhausted but pleased. Eileen is asleep in a chair in a position that can’t possibly be comfortable. There are footsteps coming down the hall, and they sound like Jack’s.
"Where is Dean?" Cas demanded.
Dean took what he thought would be a steadying breath. It wasn’t, but he started in on what he was going to say anyway. “I thought you were dead,” he managed. And dammit, even staring at the table, he could feel Cas’ eyes on him. “Dead for good. I had started looking for a way to get you back, but I didn't have a chance to get everything together.”
That was always the question, wasn’t it? It was how Sam’s mind worked; if something had to be done, he would set the problem out, get to the bottom of it, and come up with a solution. And he would hound that solution until it bent to his will.
"I have a silver pocket knife in the sleeve of that jacket. If you can move your arm and get it into your hand, you can cut yourself out."
Her phone was on the end table beside the couch. She tried to unlock it, but the screen stayed blank. Dead.
“It might take your grace a few days to fade away completely,” Jack said, “but congratulations Castiel. You’re just as human as the rest of them as soon as you step through the door.”
Cas’ brain short circuits, and this can’t be real. It can’t be. There’s no way this is happening. He remembers all the times this has been fake, all the Deans that have disappeared in front of him. He needs to make it last as long as possible. “Dean.”
He sent it before he could rethink. In his head, he could see it. He’d suffer through quickly walking Miracle in the rain in the morning, and then he’d make breakfast and Cas would come over and they’d hang out for a little bit. That was where his brain ran out of practical ideas, but thankfully Cas’ reply came in.
“Cas?”
Sam sighs. He faces Cas fully, some of his usual animation returning. “There are days when I’m still not sure,” he admits. Then, noticing something in Cas’ expression, he continues, “It’s easier now. Some days are hard and I expect everything to disappear. Some days everything is normal. Better than normal.”
“What what?” Cas asked. He glanced over briefly, his brow furrowed, before looking back at his camera settings.
"Me? Why me?" Dean looked up and met Al's eyes.
Sam’s gaze falls on Eileen again, apparently unconsciously. “Not much,” he admits. “Trying to trust everyone around me. I try to enjoy it anyway.”
"You must not have saved someone who should have been saved," Al said as he left. "Or some turn of events led to something that shouldn't have happened. That's why Sam is there." And then Al was gone, the door locking shut behind him.
"Awesome," Dean said, walking over to them. He went to reach out to Sam, meaning to untie his arms, but his hand went right through Sam's arm.
Dean hoped his face didn’t look as red as it felt. “Uh, yeah,” he said, swallowing uncomfortably. “Yeah I was. Sorry.”
Cas pressed his lips together and looked away, trying to hide the broken look on his face.
“No. Here.”
“Breakfast?” Cas’ heart sinks. He sees something in Dean’s face sink too.
One side of Dean’s mouth turned up in a tired smile. “Yeah,” he said, shifting so he was actually sitting. He took the pastry and licked some of the icing off. “Thanks,” he said.
Silence stretched between them for a moment. A breeze moved across the landscape, and some small animal scurried nearby. It was peaceful, serene. But Cas felt Jack’s point sink into his bones. Even if he had a memory here to keep him company, something would be missing.
When he’d shown Sam the news story, Sam had given him a look that said
"The one that looked like the one we were almost sacrificed to?" Sam asked, earning horrified looks from Beckett and Al. "Yeah, I remember. What about it?"
After Dean had been sitting against his car for who knows how long, bloodied and beaten, Cas was suddenly there again. It was God, Cas said. God brought him back. Dean didn't really question it, didn't see the point. He let Cas heal him before also bringing Bobby back.
Dean felt a bit of tension leave him. "Good."
Cas is almost ashamed to admit he did. But he knew, he
“Don’t leave on my account.” But Dean goes to the fridge and starts rummaging inside. “And don’t flake on movie night.”
. Since you dropped me in a box in the ground anyway,” Dean said. A thoughtful look crossed his face. “You couldn’t have put me back topside?”
The thought made him sick.
When she stood, she felt her joints pop, and her muscles ached, as if they hadn’t been used in days. She stretched and shook herself, trying to get the blood flowing again.
When his wounds started to repair themselves, Dean found himself in his little room again. Alastair was waiting for him, his blank eyes considering.
“Okay,” Dean said, slapping a hand on the desk. “I don’t know what goes on for a seventh anniversary, but I think a movie marathon sounds a lot better than looking for a case.”
The man coughed, but repeated himself.
“Do you, uh-” Dean starts, but he’s cut off by Cas leaning heavily against his shoulder and burying his face in the fabric there. Unsure how to proceed, he lifts his arms to tentatively circle Cas’ body. “It’s good to have you back buddy.”
"And what makes you think that?"
"More importantly," Cas interrupted from where he stood leaning against the door, "you finish what you need to do here and you leave?"
Why so much asking after his rest? “I don’t sleep,” Cas replies. He takes a bite of his eggs, surprised when flavor explodes through his mouth.
Eileen tilted her head curiously. “You don’t?”
Dean wasn’t sure how long he slept. He stared at the time when he woke, but he couldn’t seem to remember when he’d gone to bed, so the time meant almost nothing to him. Miracle, though, had some thoughts about what time it was, and she watched Dean intently, her head on her paws.
There was a split second of stillness, and then Dean heard Sam drop to the floor with a thud and a groan. Dean managed to catch a flurry of movement from where his captors still had him pinned down. A second after that, the pressure on his body was released, and he managed to prop himself on his elbows in time to see Cas finish this hunt with inhuman speed.
Maybe she’d simply disappeared.
When the food was ready, Dean made up two plates. He took them over to the table and set them down before grabbing the mugs of coffee. He set a bottle of creamer on the table. “Take as much as you want.”
to you? What
Sam and Dean laughed. "Maybe you should be a hunter after all," Sam said.
When the woman left the room, Sam was on his feet and busied himself going through the cupboards.
“I did make an impression.”
“I don’t think you should be here,” Jack said, inclining his head to indicate Cas should step through the curtain.
The silhouette pauses before making a sharp turn and running to Cas. Dean barrels into him so hard he nearly knocks them both off their feet.
Cas shrugged. “I had already carried you from the depths of hell,” he said simply. “Besides, it was easier for the garrison to get away unnoticed if you weren’t ‘topside.’ We didn’t have vessels then, and if you had seen us, we’d have had to bring you back again.”
Bobby’s face fell, ever so slightly. “You mean you’re…?”
"Fine," Ziggy said. "Enter the following commands just as I say."
Cas thinks to answer, but decides against it. Dean will find him, because the Empty says that Dean will find him. For now, there isn’t even a Dean to look at. A shadow, recognizable only because its silhouette is a different kind of dark than its surroundings, moves a little way to Cas’ right.
"I'm not sure yet, but you don't need to speak as if I'm not here."
Dean nodded. They each worked in silence for a little. Cas would hum to himself occasionally, either thoughtfully, or little tunes as he navigated the laptop.
"I can't put you back," Al said. "I'm sorry."
Dean appears and reaches out, the image cuts off abruptly.
“The sunrise.”
When Cas glanced over at him, at this boy he’d grown to love as a son, he saw Jack’s eyes glowing again. It struck him how much Jack had grown up, had become his own person, had used what he’d learned to save the people he loved most. Cas smiled and put a hand on Jack’s shoulder, and Jack only glowed brighter. “Let’s.”
“Of course.”
“Yes.”
When the little flame reaches the bundle, it grows brighter. Cas exhales. He lets his grace flow down his fingers. The flame changes, sparking so hot as to be almost white. The thin line of a portal appears in the darkness, the dim orange light almost too bright to look at after so much nothingness. Cas lets himself be tugged through the opening. He grabs Dean’s arm in spite of himself.
Sure, they still had a lot to overcome. All four of them still had nightmares. Sometimes they would get a faraway look in their eyes and one of the others would come and provide whatever comfort they needed. It would be a long time before they were able to recover from everything that had happened to them, but they had each other, and they were trying.
Castiel just shook his head, eyeing the horizon, as if Dean hadn’t just implied that he was ridiculously attractive. “Never considered it,” he said. He squinted toward the pink sky, pondering.
“Well come on then. Sam isn’t sure how long the spell to keep the portal open will last.”
“Cas,” Dean managed, and his words were thick. “You’re back.”
Cas laughed. He closed the laptop when it finished shutting down. “Not much anymore. He used to. But I don’t remind him too much anymore either.”
With everyone safe in the bunker again, Dean felt like he could finally breathe. He locked himself in his room with the intention of sleeping for three days, but he couldn’t seem to get his mind to quiet long enough to actually find sleep.
"Yeah, I guess," Beckett said, running a hand through his hair.
“You don’t need the bathroom or anything?” Dean asks.
"That's my understanding, yes," Al said. "You'll have to forgive me, this whole thing doesn't make sense."
"I have your directions," the woman said as she returned, smiling sweetly. She held a folded piece of paper out to Sam.
Dean was so lost in thought that he reacted just a little too late when Miracle took a quick detour off the path at the top of a hill and sniffed happily at a man’s pant leg. Dean groaned inwardly, pulling gently at the leash to try to get her back on the path.
but no one appears. When Cas looks back to Dean, there’s no one beside him. He scans the room, but Sam and Eileen have vanished as well. The footsteps are gone, and then, as he watches, the room dissolves into black sludge and Cas falls hard to the ground, landing painfully on his tailbone.
“As long as you want me to be.”
Cas swallowed. “You love me.”
Did Cas even remember why September 18
Dean’s expression softens. He pauses in front of the portal. “Home first.” His hand travels from Cas’ arm to the back of his neck. Its weight is reassuring there. “You’ve always been family, Cas.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said. He reached out to touch the angel beside him, and was rewarded with a small smile.
"I hope so," Dean said. "And don't scratch the car," he added, obviously trying to lift the mood. Sam and Cas smiled at his concern for the Impala.
They’re still talking. Why are they still talking? Why won’t the Empty put him out of his misery? Why is Dean’s pained and confused face still in front of him? “My punishment.”
In fact, just a few months ago Dean and his brother had averted the Apocalypse. The Archangel Michael was supposed to battle with his fallen brother Lucifer to the death. Sam, acting as Lucifer's vessel, had managed to regain control of his body and throw himself (along with Lucifer and pulling Michael and his vessel along) into Lucifer's cage in Hell.
“I’m the one who should be apologizing,” Cas said. “For a few days ago.”
Cas can hear Dean’s startled shift behind him. “Stay here?”
“Of course,” Cas said, though now he was treading more carefully, afraid of overwhelming Dean.
“Might as well,” Sam says with half a smirk. “Sometimes I think it’s better to try to believe, even when I don’t.”
been a spell. Who was she to say? And Sam had always had a knack for magic.
Cas almost –
"He was about to say something," Cas said, his voice starting to grow angry again.
Lisa threw the morning paper on the kitchen table one day while Dean sipped his coffee and nibbled at his pancakes. Dean glanced over at it, intending to see when the headline was and go about his business, and his gaze caught on the date.
missed you.
Cas slides his hand down so it rests at the base of Dean’s skull. He has half a mind to pull Dean forward, but uncertainty stays his hand. He wants so
There was a flutter of wings and suddenly Cas was there. "What's wrong with Dean?" he asked immediately, his face worried.
“Why are you doing this?” Cas sobs. But he knows the answer. Of course he does. The Empty had told him it couldn’t forgive him. It was only foolishness that had made Cas think that maybe he would escape this kind of torment.
“We are here to save you,” the thing, Castiel, said again. It sounded angry.
Of all the places he’d been, the empty certainly wasn’t one of them. All he knew was that this was where angels and demons went when they died, but that was all, and it was pretty nonspecific at that. There weren’t any doors to go through, no halls to go down, no horizon to aim for.
"I don't know," Cas said sadly. "You told me to stay away."
Cas did, feeling his excitement bubble to the surface. He nodded politely to the angels they passed in the corridor, and he recognized all of them. They gave him curious looks and kept a watchful eye on Jack, unsure of what he had planned. Cas paid them no mind.
“Hmm?”
Well, maybe not in and of itself. But the context was getting confusing. “Sometimes.”
"You still have one up your sleeve?" Dean asked his brother.
“No, not okay.” Dean’s eyes are fierce, and he looks
“And you.”
“I’m asking you.”
When Cas opens his eyes, he stumbles back into darkness. He looks around, but he’s still alone. He turns one way and then the other, but the feeling of being watched doesn’t let up for lack of audience. He might as well have a spotlight on him with how on display he feels. “Please.” He nearly chokes on the word. “Please stop.”
Eileen admired that. She’d thought she’d wanted out at one point too. She had grown up thinking that she would learn to hunt, and then she would avenge her parents, and then she would be out. But it hadn’t gone that way, had it? She’d enjoyed helping people too much, and she was too good at what she did. What was she
Perhaps this will be the routine for the rest of time. The Empty will let him believe Dean has come to rescue him, and then it’ll take that comfort away, and then Cas will ask for the routine to end, and then they’ll begin anew.
relieved to be asked. “I don’t want this,” he said, looking around the bunker. “I want to be home. I want to
Cas does. He breathes until he feels steady. He steels himself against what he’s sure he’ll see when he opens his eyes. When he looks again, Dean’s still looking back at him, even closer now than he was before.
Dean’s brows furrow. “Yes you’re hungry?”
So when Sam had graduated from law school, the first thing he did when he was settled in his new apartment with his new job was get a dog.
A confused look crossed Cas’ face, but he gingerly handed the camera over. “Don’t forget the strap,” was all he said.
Dean sighs. “Can you look at me? You haven’t been looking at me.”
"You can't help," Al reasoned. "There's nothing for you to do here."
The bunker was quiet. Sam wondered if he was the first one up. He usually was, but he hadn’t expected to be up first, not with how the hunt had gone.
“Sounds bad. Need help?”
It’s overwhelming.
than he’s ever seen it.
"Well that doesn't sound good," Dean said, counting five werewolves in the room now. He wasn't sure how many there would be when the others got there, but if this turned into an actual fight, it wouldn't end well. Hopefully there'd be enough time to kill them before they turned or this would really go sour. The sun was setting, so the others would likely get there within the next hour.
“It’s perfect,” Jack finally declared.
Cas shifted his weight, considering. “It’s not a far walk,” he said. He nodded down the street. “My apartment is only a few blocks that way.”
“I have a soul, Cas,” Dean says, like this should be obvious. “You think the Empty doesn’t already know I’m here?”
“Take the compliment Cas. You’re family too, you know that.”
“Until I see a body, he’s alive,” Dean said. He could practically hear Benny roll his eyes, but he didn’t care.
"She recognized me. Or us, I guess, since she sees Dean," Sam said. "We don't have much time."
So now what? She’d been a loner for so long, but now she had friends. She had
"Yes," Dean said. "And that hunt you pulled me out of? We were going after what looked like a werewolf. Probably a pack. And we had one day left in the cycle to catch them as werewolves before we would have to wait another month. If your guy screws up, a lot of people are going to get hurt."
Dean remembered the hellhounds. He remembered the blinding pain as their claws ripped into his mortal body, and then something entirely worse when their claws and fangs sank into his soul as it tried to escape and started to drag it with them. He remembered wondering why the cliché was to tell people
Cas clenches his jaw to stop it from trembling. He reaches up to place a hand over Dean’s. They sit like that for some time, though Cas can’t be sure how long. Dean doesn’t say anything.
“You gonna be alright?” Dean asks. He’s just outside the doorway, poised as if he can’t decide whether he’s going to enter the room or retreat down the hall.
Sam gave him some kind of smirk that Dean didn’t feel like decoding and disappeared down the hall with the most fake nonchalant stride Dean had ever seen.
Castiel considered. “Just an animal person in general, I suppose.” His watch beeped, and he silenced it. He looked toward the ever-lightening horizon, tilted his head in thought, checked the bag that was hanging from his shoulder.
try. What was the worst that could happen? It couldn’t be much worse than everything else he’d gone through in the last… decade? More? Anyway, he was fairly certain that if anyone could get away with disrespecting the delicate balance of life and death some more, it would be him and Dean. He resolved to ask for Dean’s help the next day.
"Excuse my partner, he's new," Sam said, casting a glance at his brother and replacing his badge. "We were sent in to check things out."
"But...? The world goes on? Just like that?" Becket asked, having trouble wrapping his mind around it.
Dean stands and helps Cas to his feet. He’s still there when they’re face to face, and he’s still there as they walk, and he’s still there when Cas drifts to a stop the closer they get to his door.
He wished, not for the first time, that he could forget the day Cas had saved him. Remembering that day always lead to remembering the other days, and Dean’s jaw tightened when the image of his first victim flashed across his mind. He hadn’t deserved to be saved, he knew that. Sure, he’d stopped the apocalypse, but he still wasn’t sure that made up for all he’d done to the poor souls in hell.
"Sammy! You're okay!" A grin spread across Dean's face.
“You have good taste.”
“If you’re an angel, you stay as you are, right?” Jack explained. “But I can trade you your grace for a soul. You can be
Cas furrowed his brow. “Sam only comes in the mornings. Or he told me he only comes in the mornings.”
“He’s a weird dude.”
"Ziggy? Who the hell is Ziggy?"
Cas was standing with his arms at his sides, his expression one of confusion and hope and caution and what looked like genuine
“Michael ain’t exactly in the mood to help us,” Dean says, leading the way. “And Jack’s recuperating, so we didn’t want him to push it.”
There weren’t many people here this early. Dean hadn’t even known the place was open to the public this early. When he’d asked Sam about it, Sam had just shrugged and said it was open twenty-four hours, as if this was obvious and it was a little weird Dean had to ask.
Its shape shifted constantly, an ever-moving matrix of light that Dean couldn’t focus on. The thing had at least three heads, when Dean could focus on any, and an excessive amount of eyes, when Dean could focus on them. There were wings that unfolded themselves and flapped against the restraints. Dean could hear the chains whining.
Sam leaned his weight into the shelves, and they toppled over, landing heavily on the lycanthropes beneath. As Sam jumped back, he heard yelps and startled scratching as the wolves scrambled to get out from under the shelves. He and Beckett then moved closer, Sam with his silver dagger, Beckett with a silver knife. Sam didn't even hesitate; when he saw one through the wreckage, he stabbed down, hearing a startled cry and then nothing. But then there was growling as the first of them began to turn. One of the young ones, probably no older than seven, jumped at Beckett with his teeth and claws bared. Acting on instinct, Beckett side-stepped, grabbing his attacker by the arm to swing him around and pierce the small chest with his knife. When the small body fell limp, Beckett jumped back, horrified at himself.
Cas looks up at Dean, at the concern etched into every feature of that face. Something in him cracks wider. “I’ve got it.”
"It's fine, for now," Cas said, pulling Dean close again and savoring the feeling of being together.
Cas blushed and ducked his head. “Thank you.”
"Everything's fine," Sam said, with conviction, he hoped. "I just need a minute." He made his way to the bathroom and locked the door. "Alright Al," he said quietly, "now would be a really good time for you to show up and tell me what I'm supposed to do."
“I see that now.” Dean stands and offers a hand. When Cas doesn’t take it, his brow furrows. “Come on, man, it’s time to go.”
“Yeah, the big fight took a lot out of him.”
Eileen’s smile widened. She nodded. “I’d like that.”
“I can bring a picnic to the park? Around twelve?”
Cas slid into the seat behind the driver. He smiled at the kids when they warily climbed in next to him. “Get some sleep,” he whispered to them. “You’ve been through a lot.”
It was still only his training that kept him moving when the garrison broke through the perimeter and they were greeted by rows of souls on racks. Demons had been fighting back against the garrison as the angels navigated to the dungeons, but down here there were even more; the demons who would normally be doling out torture turned instead to fight against the intruders. But it wasn’t the demonic army that had Castiel’s step faltering - the souls on the racks, even as their tormentors were distracted, screamed in pain.
"How many times do I need to tell you to stay in that damn room?" he demanded.
What Dean had not counted on, and what made him grateful for accepting Sam’s offer of paying him with food, was that Sam often walked the dog early in the morning. Early enough that the sun was usually just waking up at that time of day.
Cas isn’t sure how he’s feeling. Mostly he feels like his insides were ripped out, rearranged, and stuck back in haphazardly. “I don’t…”
“Can’t believe…” Cas prompted.
When he comes to, it’s to a dark expanse of nothing. He sits up, but there isn’t the soft give of a mattress, no hum of old electricity in the light fixtures that should be in the hall. Instead, there’s hard ground and absolutely nothing to see.
“I gotta- We should-” Dean stuttered. He shook himself.
Cas groans, but he doesn’t bother getting up. He curls onto his side instead. His coat has never provided more comfort than that of familiarity, but now he pulls a lapel up and hides his face with it.
Dean’s voice, low in the quiet hallway. He sounds flustered and confused. There’s a note of panic under there too.
“I always come back to you,” Cas replied, his voice rumbling through Dean’s chest as his arms circled around Dean’s waist.
That creeping feeling sidles its way up Cas’ spine again. “Remind me.”
Just for the hell of it, Dean made breakfast. Sam made a snide remark, but Dean ignored it, in too good a mood to really care about his brother’s jabs.
"No, I'm not," Dean admitted, though he doubted he was hiding it very well at the moment. "My brother's life is in the hands of an amateur. I need to get back there before he screws it up."
The other werewolves had either been hiding in the wings or had done an excellent job of sneaking up on the three of them in the kitchen. But Sam was very hard to sneak up on at this point, so it was much more likely that they'd been waiting from the time the Impala had parked in front of the house. They were suddenly on the two men in the chairs, holding them down and tying them.
“No. I mean, I can go alone.”
“And if she just… vanished. Then she isn’t in heaven or hell or anywhere else. And I can’t get her back.” Sam was surprised to find how easily the words came out, despite the fact he felt like he might choke on them.
The next morning, as they were packing their things at the motel, there was a familiar flutter of wings that signaled Cas was back. As soon as Dean saw him, he crossed the room and hugged him. He didn't like to admit it, but after seeing future Cas, he had been afraid that he wouldn't see his Cas again.
Cas leans into the touch before he can stop himself. His eyes flutter closed. “What happened?”
“Then yes, it’s my birthday,” Dean said, stuffing half a waffle in his mouth. “And so is the anniversary of my not being a demon anymore.”
“What do you mean, what do I mean?” Dean shifted himself so he could see Cas more clearly. “I mean, what do we do now? What do you want to do? What do you
Sam shook his head and looked up at Cas. “I know you’re trying to be cautious, and I appreciate it, really, but I think it’s her.” Really, would that be the weirdest thing that had happened in the last day and a half? It seemed pretty tame compared to the last several years, honestly. He finally managed to type a response, a quick
“Dean?”
“Peachy,” Dean said dryly. He forced himself into a sitting position.
“You saying you think I’m pretty?” Dean asked. He stepped forward, and okay, he had to admit it was a nice picture. It made his eyes look very green, and did he really have that many freckles? He’d never really noticed in the mirror.
“You’re being weird, Sammy.” When Sam didn’t continue, Dean rolled his eyes. “The first day, Miracle pulled me over to him and we talked about him taking pictures of the sunrise. Then the next day he was trying a new lens for pictures of the stars. Then I didn’t see him for two mornings but saw him the second afternoon-”
"What?" Dean asked again.
Cas nodded. “You said you were going to be walking Miracle through here. And you asked if I would be around. So I figured I could make another trip out.”
“Wouldn’t that make it hurt worse?” Already, Cas can imagine the pain in his chest when – if, he reminds himself,
Cas isn’t surprised to see the look. He commits it to memory anyway. He holds on to it when Dean wraps him in another hug and he buries his face against Dean’s shoulder. He tries to hide in that space for a while, to avoid the inevitable conclusion, but Dean pulls back, steps back, and he has to open his eyes again-
“Say… what.”
"Yes," Cas said, then turned to face Sam. "Raphael is angry that the Apocalypse wasn't carried out. He wants to form an army to get Michael and Lucifer out of the Cage. I have to get up there."
Dean could have laughed for how simple it sounded. He didn’t. He just let his head drop to Cas’ shoulder, his eyes still shut. “’M tired,” he said.
"No, Dean's right," Sam said. "You saved me."
Dean made a face. He didn’t like the thought of having a wet dog in his car. And he figured Cas probably didn’t take his camera out in the rain. He pocketed his phone and watched Miracle in front of him, pensive. He had the wild idea to invite Cas over for breakfast instead. Tomorrow was Saturday, and inviting a friend over for
“You win,” he says. “You win, you win, you win.” Over and over he says it. He hopes the Empty will let him sleep, at least for a little while.
“I would like that.” Another hunt. Cas thought he could handle that. Hopefully it was something simple. They’d all had more than their share of excitement.
“Sorry about that,” Cas said. He stopped behind Dean. “That one’s my favorite from that morning.”
“Yeah, of course.” Sam turned to head toward the garage, but paused for a moment. Everything was happening so quickly. His phone went off again with a text from Eileen, and he responded as soon as was humanly possible that he was on his way.
"Alright Cas," Dean said, looking up and around the room. "I know you can't see me, but I'm somewhere in the southwest US, and you're gonna have to follow my voice from there. I don't like where this is going, and I really think Sammy's in trouble where he is, but I can't get to him. Hell, I can't get anywhere."
A surprised laugh pulls itself from Dean’s lips. Dean shakes his head. He drops his arms and takes Cas’ elbow in his right hand. “I meant it though. We don’t have a lot of time.”
It takes a moment for Cas’ brain to catch up. He nods.
Almost all at once, Dean Winchester appears before him, a small but victorious grin spreading across his face, his shoulders dropping in relief. “Cas.”
Dean flinched at the mention of the room. They’d never spoken about that room before, and Dean had hoped it would stay that way. “I’m sorry. About what I did,” he said, dropping his gaze.
"Can you get Sam?" Dean had asked, after he had explained what had happened.
Cas had come to know those eyes well. They were gold, like their father’s, but warmer, kinder now. “Jack?” Cas asked, and his brow would have furrowed if he’d still had one. “What are you doing here?”
, Dean replied. He attached a picture of Miracle walking ahead of him on the end of her leash.
Dean immediately stopped and looked Al dead in the eye. "My brother. Is he okay?"
Cas has been stabbed before. He remembers the feeling of metal piercing skin, burying itself in his flesh. He’s fairly certain he would prefer that to the way his heart drops down to his feet, leaving a trail of ice in its wake. He yanks his hands back from Dean and buries his face in them, finally unable to do anything but hide. The darkness is comforting, in a way. That’s where he’s supposed to be anyway.
One night, not long after they’d found him, Cas asked to speak with Dean in private. Benny gave them a weird look, but wandered a little ways into the woods, saying he’d be back in a little bit with more firewood.
Sam dropped the note back to the desk and went back to the bedroom, looking through the duffel again, hoping for some kind of clue. He didn't find anything that was immediately helpful. What he did find was a stash of fake badges, a flask that was filled with something that Sam determined was water, and a box of salt. So that wasn't helpful, though it was weird. Next he searched the closet, but his finds there weren't any more helpful: a suit, a couple of dress shirts, a few ties, and an outfit that looked startlingly like a Priest's.
“What was it like?”
to go toward the light; Dean was headed toward darkness, and the light was with his body, and his brother. Maybe something better was above that, but he never even got a glimpse.
“Some other time.”
"Al, where have you been?" Dean (or rather, Sam Beckett in Dean's body) asked, exasperated, as he approached his holographic friend.
Cas pauses with a hand on the knob. The idea of making plans for later weighs on him. “No, thank you,” he says quietly. He steels himself and tightens his grip on the knob. He pushes the door open and steps inside-
The chains whined again as Castiel strained against them. “This is not your destiny, Dean Winchester.”
“Do you want to be an angel?”
"Right," Al and Beckett said in chorus.
“Okay,” Cas said, nodding. He glanced around and wondered briefly if this
Dean kept scrolling through the pictures. There were a couple more of the stars. There was one where the horizon had started to lighten to pink, but the stars were still visible higher in the sky. He thought about how he’d found Cas that morning, waiting on the hilltop with his camera aimed at the horizon and his phone in his hand. How long did it take to get the timing right on a photo like this, he wondered.
“Well,” Bobby said. “The boy’s moving up in the world.”
"Dean, are you okay?" Cas asked, worried, stepping closer to Al.
Cas nodded. “The long exposure helps capture the stars,” he explained. “And this is after processing. They’re harder to see on the raw image.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m an accountant,” he said.
Cas watches him. Cas memorizes the way Dean moves to the bed, the way he fidgets like he can’t remember how to sit down, the way he finally orients himself, sitting stiffly beside Cas.
"Al?" he called from the doorway.
Eileen smiled. She’d been so worried that Sam would want out of the life. She knew he’d tried before and she said as much.
Cas nods and steadies himself. He opens his eyes, and Dean is smiling at him. “Still here.”
, but Dean knew that was bullshit; what had he come for if not to bring Cas back? There was no
He wants so badly to be beside Dean that he can feel it ache in his chest, but he doesn’t dare move from his seat. He risks dropping his eyes to Dean’s crossed arms and reaches forward to rest his hands there. He searches inside himself again for that feeling of true happiness. It’s raw and painful, but it’s still there, and it’s the only way he can think to answer Dean’s question. “I love you.”
Sam started to type a response, but another message came in before he could send it. He stared at the notification.
“You did?”
Dean raised an eyebrow pointedly. “Your lock screen?”
By the time he reaches the kitchen, he isn’t sure how much time has passed. He wonders if it’s now that he’ll find an empty room and an endless expanse of darkness.
Cas thinks about that. That one day everything might seem normal again. “What makes it easier?”
"What are you doing?" Beckett hissed.
, with his family. And maybe that apple-pie life was still out of reach, he didn’t know, but maybe something resembling it was just waiting for him to find it. The possibility stirred a bit of excitement in his chest. It was something he’d kept locked up tight somewhere inside himself for long enough that to consider it as an ending he really could achieve was mystifying.
"The one with the scarecrow at the end of the driveway?"
But… then what? What was supposed to come after? Sam had a full-on roadblock in his mind when he tried to think of what he was supposed to do now. Doing nothing didn’t feel right, even though he’d left the life before.
The house isn’t much – a fixer-upper with a creaky porch and a yard – but it’s cozy, and Dean keeps himself busy with projects around the place. Cas plants a garden, a space to help things grow. He likes spending time outside and working with his hands.
Al shrugged. "She just knows."
"Good," Dean said, but his voice was garbled by static. "And don't-" His voice vanished in a cloud of white noise.
“That works.”
. Dean was killing monsters, same as always. And now he had Benny, and the company was a nice change of pace, even if the company wouldn’t stop asking why the hell they were still wandering around looking for some
"Thought you'd be hungry," he said, setting the tray on the cot.
Cas just nods. He seats himself, looking pointedly away from Dean as he’s handed a plate. He’s sure that the moment he goes back to interacting with Dean, the countdown to the end of this will start. Best to put that off as long as possible.
Dean shuddered to think of what he might have looked like.
“And take these,” Dean says. He reaches down to grab a pair of slippers by the door. “You don’t want to walk around here barefoot. Trust me.”
"How are you doing that?" Beckett asked.
Dean looked shocked, but it was Sam who said, "Cas, I don't know what you're talking about. He looks like Dean."
Further down the hall there was a humming sound. Curious, Dean made his way toward the sound. It was coming from a room at the end of the hall on the left, and when Dean peered through the door, he saw the biggest computer he had seen in his life. It looked like something out of the fifties and took up the entire room, with a keyboard and monitor in the center, just a few feet in the door. After taking a cautious look around, Dean stepped inside and pressed the enter key, just to see what would happen.
, Dean was a better person than that. “I’m sorry.”
And if he took Miracle back to the park that afternoon for her walk instead of just going for a couple laps around Dean’s neighborhood, well, that was just to see the place during the day.
“We could try a modified tracking spell,” Cas said, though it sounded like he was just thinking out loud. “Do you have anything of hers?”
That didn’t make sense either. It wasn’t supposed to be early morning.
"Yeah," Sam said, clapping a hand on the other man's shoulder and turning him toward the door.
“Cas, I’m not leaving you here,” Dean said, forcing down his growing panic. Cas looked more solid when he spoke, so the only thing he could think to do was continue. “I won’t leave you here because we never finished that conversation.” Those blue eyes were glowing back at him, and Dean did his level best to keep his voice even. “You can’t just say you love someone and then vanish. You’re supposed to give them a chance to answer you. And dammit Cas, I have something to say to you.”
As he left the grave, still reeling from what he had felt, Castiel called out to the other angels, something a little like glee still trailing its way through his grace.
Dean sighed and forced himself to get up. He hadn’t eaten breakfast, and he was starting to regret that. He had a snack before he could rethink it.
Dean turned around to see the two Sams tied to chairs. Their arms were bound behind them, but their legs were free, and that was something Dean thought they could use to an advantage.
“You know what else I want?”
“Yeah, home,” Dean says. “Let’s go.” He tugs on Cas’ hand, and Cas steps forward –
Dean saved the picture with no hesitation. He moved the silhouette picture to his home screen and changed his lock screen to this one, so he’d see it every time his phone lit up.
The officer nodded and shut the door behind them.
“Eileen is his… wife?”
The path they were on wasn’t as long as the one Dean usually took, but the sun had pretty much disappeared below the horizon by the time they reached the entrance and parking lot. Dean hesitated. There were only three cars left in the lot, and the other two hadn’t been there when Dean had parked. “Do you need a ride home?”
Jack pondered this. “Seems lonely.”
He writhed against the thing holding him, but it just held tighter, its right arm curled around Dean’s chest, the hand gripping Dean’s shoulder. Dean struggled under the grip, but felt himself being lifted higher. There were other shouts, and the voices rumbled though Dean’s body.
As if on cue, Beckett saw Al step back through his door, saying, "Sam, I think Ziggy might be on to something."
"Sam? What's Sam got to do with this?" Dean was suddenly on his feet, afraid to lose his brother again.
The last stop to make before getting home was to pick up Miracle from a neighbors’ house, in town. The dog pranced happily to the car, and after curiously sniffing Cas all over, she settled onto the seat, watching Cas expectantly for attention.
“What can I say. The guy likes my company.”
wasn’t he getting anywhere here? “Dammit Cas, where are you?”
There are footsteps down the hall, and they sound like Dean’s. Cas braces for something, anything, but all that comes is a soft rapping at the door.
"Heaven," Sam said. "He said he needed to get up there to try to stop Raphael from forming an army to open Lucifer's Cage again and restart the Apocalypse."
"Why's that?" Beckett asked.
“Renovations?”
get a message through to that transmitter from here? Like a phone across time?"
“What?” Dean asked. He elbowed Cas in the side. “I don’t look Jewish?”
To wake up to Cas being in the bunker on the anniversary of the date he’d pulled Dean out of hell was surreal to say the least. They weren’t presently out on a case. Hell, they were going stir crazy.
Tears fall, but Cas stays in his hiding place under his coat. If anything, he curls further into himself against the onslaught of Dean’s concern for him.
Dean woke up his own phone, cleared an email notification, and turned it so Cas could see the picture of the silhouette on his lock screen. “I don’t take pictures of people that often either.”
“To save you,” the thing said.
Sam shrugs. “Maybe.” He considers. “Probably.” That smirk changes to something more playful, more conspiratorial. “But it hasn’t disappeared yet.”
“Cas,” Dean interrupted. “Please.”
But he’s back in his room in the bunker, laying curled on his side on top of the comforter on his oft-neglected bed. It’s dark in the room, save for a line of light under the door. He tries to sink further into the bed. Perhaps he can sink through it and back to the abyss, if he tries hard enough.
He remembered bits and pieces of when Cas raised him from hell, but he preferred not to. He remembered what he did to the souls in hell, but to an extent he could rationalize that. They were bad people. They had sold their souls and had known where they were going. He hated himself for doing it, but at least he hadn’t done anything unexpected, right?
Cas’ head whips up. He blinks back tears. Dean has a hard look on his face, the kind that allows no room for argument. “What?”
“What is it?”
“I meant Sam and Dean,” Cas said, but he almost felt himself blush anyway.
“I’m right here.”
"Of course. I need to be able to communicate with Doctor Beckett from here, and I can't do that without a transmitter."
You have to ask?”
“I don’t know, half an hour at a time? The time I saw him in the afternoon was a little longer. Probably more than an hour. Yesterday he was probably here for two hours. Why?”
Cas wasn’t sure how long he’d been in the empty; there wasn’t anything to gauge by. There was nothing to see, nothing to hear, nothing to feel. He supposed being conscious here was… something. But he was sure that would fade in time as well and he’d finally cease to exist. Certainly that had been what he’d thought the last time he’d been there, the only difference was that he was sure that this time,
“I replaced Chuck,” Jack replied simply. “I took the ending out of his hands.”
Cas smiled, but didn’t say anything at first. Moving up in the world. That was certainly one way to put it. “I should go.”
"Try me," Cas said.
So maybe taking a risk was worth it. Dean would just have to play it a little differently. “Can I… keep… flirting with you?”
"Who's Al?" Cas asked.
As he stepped into the light, Cas felt himself solidify from the ground up. It stung, like his body had fallen asleep and was starting to wake up all at once. But it felt good, and with the first lungful of air came the rush of power that Cas recognized as his grace pumping through him.
Of course the Empty knows Dean’s here. It sent him, after all.
Castiel broke through the ceiling of the room, and there was chaos. Dean felt a scorching heat against his back from Castiel’s body as the thing fought off demons and hellhounds, sometimes with a blade and sometimes just using its wings as shields, and he felt Castiel’s hand searing his shoulder. He tried to fight out of the grip, but with nothing to get leverage on, Dean couldn’t free himself.
The fridge was filled with Tupperware containers, all containing raw meat. Beckett thought he was going to be sick. "What exactly is that?"
“You were out a long time,” Dean says. He reaches along the wall beside the door. “I’m turning the light on.”
“It’s been eight years,” Cas said, crossing the room to sit gingerly on the end of Dean’s bed. He offered Dean the cupcake. “Last year you brought me breakfast.”
“Jack says your grace is gone. That makes you human, right?”
"I don't know," Sam said. "He looks like Dean, and he sounds like Dean, but he isn't. I don't know what it is. Was he okay last night?"
“You don’t?”
Cas nodded. “Little brothers, you know.”
Dean groaned. “Come in,” he said, pushing himself up onto his elbows.
If he had known the Mark of Cain was going to be such a pain in the ass, Dean would have told Cain to go fuck himself and avoided the whole mess.
“After the cage,” Cas starts, “when you weren’t sure what was real.” He pauses and takes a deep breath. He focuses on the warmth of the mug between his hands. “How long did it take until you knew you were back?”
Dean considered that as he stuffed his face. “Thanks then,” he said.
“Yesterday morning. Were you flirting with me?”
"Did they take your weapons?" Dean demanded.
“Are you feeling okay?” Sam asked, rubbing his towel over his hair so it couldn’t dampen the collar of his t-shirt any further.
– he finds himself back in the Empty. Down the hall, Dean’s footsteps start to echo. Cas has been here before, sitting in the kitchen, waiting for Dean. He knows exactly how many steps Dean should take from where he is now to the kitchen doorway. He starts counting down. “If it all went away?”
was able to turn him around.
“I don’t want anything from you,” Dean said, his voice hoarse. He felt his lip curl into a sneer.
"Funding kept getting cut," Al said, gesturing down the hall with his cigar. "Just me and Ziggy now."
The shaking stops after a time. Cas still isn’t sure what to make of what everyone is saying to him, but he allows himself to be pulled to his feet. Dean leads him down the hall, and he follows.
"Are you okay?" Dean asked uncertainly.
“Not on this memory card.”
two."
Cas rolled his eyes. He reached forward and closed the windows on the laptop. “I’m sorry, but I have to go.” He ejected the SD card and returned it to its case.
"We think there might be a connection to another case we've been working," Sam explained.
But he’d never touched a soul before, not in this state. The angels weren’t to disturb the souls in heaven, and the souls on earth were living and breathing in their bodies and difficult to access. So as Castiel cradled this soul in his arms, he was overwhelmed by what he heard. It sang, as they all did, but Castiel could feel what made it sing. He felt joy and anger and sadness and envy and giddiness and contentment and
"We'll see. Now explain."
"What?" Dean was immediately on his feet again, tears starting to fill his eyes. "You have to put me back. I can't lose him again."
Cas’ head tilted, slightly surprised. “Dean didn’t tell you?”
Cas shook his head. “You’re the Righteous Man,” he said. He couldn’t quite meet Dean’s eye. “Your soul overpowered the others in the room. It was like a beacon.” He paused again, seemed to gather himself together. When he finally looked Dean in the eye, he had a determined look on his face. “I knew
Dean did chuckle at that. He climbed around Cas to stretch out on the bed, and held an arm out for Cas. Cas didn’t hesitate to shed his shoes and his coat and lie next to Dean.
"Look, Al, I'm sure you mean well, but bad things have happened to me since I was four. Your friend is a little late with the whole 'stopping something bad.' In fact, he picked probably the worst time to jump in. Things have actually been going
"They did stop the Apocalypse," one acknowledged. "That's pretty impressive."
“Please.”
"You remember that about a house you saw for a second as you were driving into town?" Beckett asked, impressed.
Cas had his camera on a tripod this morning, despite his comment from the day before. His camera bag was on the ground beside one of the legs. He glanced up from his phone when he heard Dean and offered a small smile. “Hello Dean.”
Cas just nodded, his legs swinging idly.
Cas checks in with his body, but all it does is yawn again. He shakes his head. He keeps his eyes forward.
It took Cas half a second to figure out what anniversary that might be, and when he did, his smile grew, just slightly. “Happy anniversary, then,” Cas said.
“That’s because I’m more interesting than you are.”
“So what do you do when you process them?”
"Yeah," Sam said, his frame relaxing.
Cas clenches his jaw against the pain in his chest. He closes his eyes again. He reaches out to take the offered hand, but he grasps only empty air. He doesn’t hear Dean leave; instead, the world around him just feels empty again.
. Maybe take a break for a while. That sounded better. Maybe help other hunters when they needed it. He remembered when Bobby used to do that, used to take calls and pretend to be their superior officer, used to call other hunters he knew in the area and find backup, and he smiled. Maybe there was something to that. Maybe he could try that for a while instead.
“Any time, Cas,” Dean says, and he sounds like he means it. He briefly tightens his grip around Cas’ shoulders.
“I will,” Cas promised.
Dean briefly debated tailing Sam anyway, but decided against it. For all the weird nervous energy Sam had been giving off, he didn’t seem to be on his way to certain death, so he could probably handle it.
How much time has passed? Cas wonders. He feels like it can’t be much. He feels like it’s all happening in rapid succession, not giving him a chance to find his bearings. Even so, he feels as if he’s endured an eternity. In all his years of existence, he’s sure he’s never felt quite so old.
“You’re still here,” Cas says. He traces Dean’s cheek with his thumb, and Dean nods.
want to be safe. Maybe I want out of… all of this.” He gestured around, indicating everything about the bunker. “But what I really want right now, is to know what
And the answer did become clear. As they fought their way deeper into the pits of hell, there was a bright light, blinding and almost blue in its brilliance. It was a soul as bright as it must have been on the day it was created, despite the fact that here, it wasn’t on a rack, but aligned with the demons and armed with their instruments of torture.
Cas smiled gratefully. He turned his laptop so Dean could see it, and they rearranged themselves so they were seated next to each other with the computer in front of them. “These are the raw files,” he said. “I can show you the processed ones after.”
Jack comes in just as Dean is finishing breakfast. Dean makes a joke about Jack showing up when there’s food, and Cas hears Jack laugh close to his ear when Jack hugs him over the back of the chair.
“It’s certainly been through a lot the last several years,” Cas agreed. A pang of guilt shot through him and he dropped his gaze.
“Probably not,” Dean said, trying to keep the fear out of his voice. His old bravado was nowhere to be found. “If you ask him at least.”
“You should get some sleep,” Cas said.
“It’s cozy,” Cas finally said. He smiled at Dean. “I like it.”
"Thank you," the man said, rubbing his neck uncomfortably. "My name is Al Calavicci. I helped develop Project Quantum Leap, which was looking into the process of time travel."
Dean’s eyes flew open, his heart in his throat. That was not the echoing voice he’d heard before - that voice was solid and rich and gravelly and somewhat mystified. “Cas?”
The tumblers turned over in the lock and the door opened. It was Al, a tray of food and water in his hand.
“At least try it before you decide it’s gonna be bad,” Dean says. He’s leaning against the counter, a respectful distance away.
There was another silence between them. "That Cas, is he really an Angel?" Al finally asked.
"Yeah, I do," Dean said. "And you aren't so bad yourself, I guess."
“You came to save me?”
Cas opens his mouth, but no sound comes out. All he can do is stare. He feels a tear wind its way down his cheek.
“What else is there to say?” Cas asked, meeting Dean’s eyes again. He certainly couldn’t think of anything.
“No, Cas,” Dean says. His voice is low. He squeezes Cas’ shoulder. “I went to get you.”
Eileen pulled away after a moment. She knew she could get lost with Sam Winchester for hours, but she needed some answers first. “What happened?”
There’s nothing to see, but Cas drops his arm and looks around anyway. He sinks to the ground. He chokes down the taste of bile. “Dean?” he asks again.
Sam goes very still. He moves his hair behind his ear, but the motion looks more like habit than necessity. His gaze travels to Eileen. “Truthfully?”
“That can be arranged.”
Dean laughs. “Man, it’s good to hear your voice.”
in the distance, like reality breaking open. There’s a voice. Footsteps. Cas stands stock-still, turned toward the sound. He doesn’t have a heartbeat here, but the phantom sensation of a heart beating against his sternum echoes in his chest anyway. He thinks to summon his blade from his sleeve, but he’s frozen in place. He’s fairly certain, with the way his hands are shaking, that he’d drop it anyway.
“These are incredible.”
Sam had always liked dogs. And Dean didn’t mind that. He hadn’t let Sam have a dog after their parents died because it’s hard enough raising your little brother when you’re only eighteen and just graduated high school without having to also worry about taking care of a dog.
“I’m Castiel.”
“Please, let me sleep,” he says. He figures he might as well ask. It’s been so long since he slept. He can feel it down in his bones.
“Bacon sound good? I could go for some bacon,” Dean says, straightening and hip-checking the fridge door closed.
Jack shakes his head. “None that I can find.”
“You can just… answer. You had that whole speech before the empty grabbed you. And just now, you can just say what you want.”
"It's not like I
“If you don’t mind.”
“You did?”
Sam shook his head. “Well, enjoy your lunch date.”
"You almost done in here?" the officer asked.
“Cas?”
Dean actually laughed. “Does it still count after all the Mark-induced-demon bullshit?” he asked. “Or do I need another new second birthday?”
“Not your first time in that tree?” Dean asked.
Dean waved the argument away. “We’ll get you out Cas.”
Miracle stilled and looked up briefly at the sound of Dean’s voice, but when Dean said nothing further she went back to sniffing.
The alarm bells ringing distantly in Cas’ mind say there isn’t, but he ignores them. Dean is here, holding him. Dean knew how he came back from the Empty. Dean is saying he
“I always thought that that was how heaven would be,” Bobby said. “Was a little disappointed to get here and find it the way it was.”
"I... I shot him?" Dean was glad he was sitting. If he had been standing, he likely would have fainted.
Cas’ voice wasn’t obeying him, but he reached out with one hand, traced Dean’s cheek with a feather-light touch.
“I don’t think you can photograph badly,” Dean said. He smiled and turned the camera around so Cas could see the picture.
The foyer was empty. This early, Dean figured the best place to check was the kitchen. Miracle seemed to think so too, as that was the direction she trotted as soon as she hit the main level.
“Do you want me to wake you for lunch? Or dinner?”
*~*~*~*~*
Cas froze for just a second, looking found out, but not embarrassed about it. “Is that okay? I can delete it.”
"Then how can he see me and Al?"
Sam led the way up the steps, Dean following nervously behind him. "Ghost sickness, maybe?" Sam thought when he caught a glimpse of the uncertain look on Dean's face. "No, that doesn't make sense."
“I don’t want to stop hunting,” Eileen said seriously. She didn’t. She wanted to keep helping. It was why she hadn’t stopped even after she’d finally avenged her parents. But she knew Sam had been through much more than she had.
“Well look who it is,” Dean said. He was grinning, and Jack noticed that he looked lighter, somehow. Like a burden had been lifted from his shoulders. “Nice of you to stop by.”
Sam left as soon as he finished his breakfast, and Dean piled a plate with waffles and syrup for Cas. He grabbed a cup of coffee while he was at it, and placed it on a tray with the waffles and syrup before he headed down to Cas’ room.
“I’ve been awake,” Cas says, because it’s the only thing he can think to say.
“I have to be at the garage early,” Dean had protested. “And I don’t get up that early.”
“Get your strength back, then we’ll work it out,” Dean agrees. He moves his hand again.
“I think he’s mentioned you before,” Dean said. He remembered the unique name, and had filed it in his brain under Sam’s-dog-walking-friend. “Nice to meet you, Castiel.”
taken that picture the other day of Cas’ silhouette against the sunrise. “You can keep it,” he said, “as long as it’s a good picture.”
“Like what?”
“In the flesh,” Dean says, grinning in a way clearly going for nonchalant. He winces when his lip stretches too far. “Little worse for wear.”
“Why do you ask?”
"What, you think I'm gonna sit on my ass and twiddle my thumbs while you get my brother killed? No thanks dude."
“Seemed like they had a good time.”
“You were under a spell,” Dean said. He managed to drag his face up to Cas’ level. “Don’t apologize for that. It wasn’t your fault.”
Dean glared at him, but didn’t bother saying anything.
“You went in the afternoon too?” This seemed an important detail to Sam.
Cas thought about that for a minute. “I don’t think so.” His lips pressed together in a fine line as he thought. “You asked if I came here every morning and I told you no. And you said something about me being here enough to be friends with Sam, and that’s true. But I don’t think I said I saw him all the time.”
They continued their wandering until they finally found Cas, and despite himself, Dean couldn’t keep the relief off his face. He insisted Cas come with them. He promised to get everyone out. He didn’t know if he could actually follow through with that, but he did know that he’d die trying if he couldn’t.
"Yeah," Sam responded from his spot on the bed. "Four Horsemen, the end of days, all that jazz."
“You…”
Cas considers. His heart doesn’t slow when he says, “Forever.”
"Who's there?" a female voice asked. "I don't recognize you."
Cas was pretty sure he
He’s in his room in the bunker, laid on top of the bedding on his mattress that he’s only actually slept in a handful of times. The light from the lamp feels stale.
“No,” Sam said, “I mean that he isn’t usually there that much.”
Dean had thought so. He shrugged anyway. “Not obvious enough, apparently.”
Cas turned his glare on Dean. "Who are you?" he demanded.
"Wouldn't dream of it," Sam said.
Dean had cleaned up a little the day before, and he watched Cas expectantly.
The bunker is quiet. Cas wonders what time it’s supposed to be. The lights have been dimmed, so it’s probably nearing the middle of the night. There’s an uncomfortable prickling at the back of Cas’ neck, like he’s being watched. Every time he turns around, there’s no one there.
to help.
Eileen looked down at Sam’s hands and took one in both of hers. She wanted to… Well, she wasn’t sure what she wanted to do. This was a lot of information to take in at once, but at least they could figure everything out together. They’d be able to have more dates, and they’d look out for each other, and all the obstacles that had made her a loner for so much of her life seemed to have disappeared. They could build that happy ending they’d both wanted for so long. She smiled and looked up again when she felt Sam squeeze her hands.
“Yes.”
Dean wouldn’t call himself a dog person. And that was because he didn’t like dogs. He didn’t have anything in particular against them. They just weren’t his thing.
Cas smiled. It had all worked out then. “I’m proud of you.”
"Nothing," Sam said, exasperated. "There was nothing out of place. Just Dean."
"Noted," Al said. "Anyway, Ziggy says Sam was overpowered on this hunt. And...turned, I guess. If that's how you'd put it."
All that happens is Dean chokes on his next breath and wipes at his face with one hand. “Cas, what did the Empty
“I’m sure Jimmy won’t mind.”
They seemed to agree, because they leaned against each other and within seconds they were both sound asleep.
Dean didn’t think he’d ever seen so many emotions fight their way across Cas’ face before. He felt Cas’ hand start to slip and he reached up and took it, squeezing it tight. Cas flickered again, and Dean couldn’t stand it anymore; if this was his only chance, then he was going to take it. He leaned forward, pulled Cas toward him, and kissed him like he’d wanted to for so long.
“You’re not there anymore Cas,” Dean says. His grip is almost painfully hard. “You’re home now.”
She had the front door open in time for Sam to barrel through it and scoop her up in his arms, the door slamming shut behind him. She laughed and buried her face in his neck. With his arms so solid around her, she was sure, really
Cas nods. Then he remembers the dim light and says, “Yes.”
That was almost tempting. Almost. “He knows you’re picking her up this morning.”
The man’s face cleared and he nodded. “Ah. Dean. He’s mentioned you.”
They sat in silence while Dean ate, and Dean didn’t seem to be in any hurry for Cas to leave. “Can’t believe we’re both alive eight years later,” Dean said.
. He couldn’t do anything but kiss her.
Sure, he
He recited the first incantation and dropped a match into the mixture. Immediately, he felt a surge of power through his limbs, and then he felt like he was sucked into a vacuum.
"Wait, does Al carry around some kind of device with him that you transmit to?" Dean asked, suddenly getting an idea.
Dean laughs again, but it sounds relieved. “Yeah Cas. Don’t do that again.”
The bunker library is more or less how it was the last time he saw it. The last time he was actually there. Sam and Eileen and Jack are waiting. They all sag with relief when Cas and Dean step into the light.
. It looked like it was from a website, though Dean couldn’t see enough text to guess what the article was about.
“Hmm,” was all Sam managed. Well that was fan
"They think so, but they didn't get all of them," Sam said with a smirk.
- he had Rowena’s work, and everything in the Men of Letters’ catalogue. He'd prayed to Jack, though he'd felt a little weird doing it, considering their relationship. And there was always the rough-and-ready standby of a demon deal, but Sam didn’t even bother entertaining that idea. No, they’d done too much fooling around with life and death, and if Jack hadn’t seen fit to bring her back, then Sam figured it was probably best if he left it alone too.
Sam narrowed his eyes at Al. "Turned? You mean I get bitten by a werewolf?"
Dean rolls his eyes and his head. It’s a melodramatic motion, but there’s still mirth in his gaze. “I know you’re not used to it, but it
"Are you feeling okay Dean?" Cas asked.
“Well I’ll be walking the dog for him this week, so maybe I’ll see you again?” He was sure he managed to keep the hopeful tone out of his voice.
Maybe he’d call just to make sure Cas was okay. Or maybe he’d just leave it. Cas would call if something was wrong, wouldn’t he? There was no need to call if nothing was wrong.
the spell and using his grace. It’s the only truly complete memory of a rescue he has. “Why did you come get me?”
Cas turned, book in hand, and offered a small smile. “Good morning Dean. How are you feeling?”
“That one too,” Dean said, around another mouthful of his breakfast. “And I expect a big celebration on each of those days from now on.”
Drop his hands he does, and he turns to find Dean looking up at him. The hands on his arm and his knee tighten. Cas lets himself be grounded in the touch, and in the way Dean’s face is more open and vulnerable and
Dean stared at him for a moment, and then did the only thing he could do. He laughed.
“Anything, Cas. Anything.”
"You're welcome," Sam said.
“Good morning,” Cas says, reaching up to rest his hand on Jack’s arm. He can feel Jack’s powers poking at him, checking to make sure he’s still okay.
“Your grace is gone,” Jack says curiously.
“Heya, Cas.”
,” Cas protested.
about?”
"We have died," Dean pointed out.
Castiel huffed a laugh that might have been sarcastic if the look on his face didn’t look so genuine. He looked down for a moment, gently nudged Miracle over, and sat on the grass. He crossed his legs, leaned forward, rested his elbows on his knees, and set up his shot through the camera’s viewfinder.
After eight years manning the racks, there was commotion. It came from above, and below, and all around. There was too much light, and it hurt Dean’s eyes. He snarled at it, but before the light could fully reach him, he was back in his private room. He roared in frustration, pacing the walls. He had buried his fear long ago, but now it bubbled up in the uncertainty. He forced it back down, throwing one of the whips from the table across the room. He could almost hear Alastair over his shoulder, but when he turned there was no one there.
“Okay,” Dean says. He leads the way back down the hall. “Why don’t you get changed, and I’ll meet you in the kitchen.”
“The spell might be difficult to change,” Cas continued, still thinking out loud. “If her soul is still out there, we might be able to lock onto it and figure out a way to get her back here.”
"Where am I? And who is this guy?"
The woman smirked and raised her eyebrows at him. "I'm the one with the pack."
Dean thought the response would be out of place coming from someone else, but Castiel seemed like the kind of person who gave this kind of weight to just about everything. “One hell of a hobby.”
“Oh.” Dean hesitates, then takes them a little ways back the way they came. He pushes open the door to his own room. “What were you thinking?”
“You’re welcome,” Cas said, an amused smile on his face.
Cas’ eyes narrow, but really this isn’t any more confusing than the last few times. “I don’t sleep.”
“Work?”
He just had to find him.
Dean rolled his eyes. “It’s the thought that counts,” he said. “I’ll eat it if you won’t.”
been, then she didn’t think she would end up back at her house, alone.
you’d hit it off,” Sam said. Then his face changed to confused. “Wait, came over here?”
Dean looks up at him, and he must see something on Cas’ face, because he’s immediately serious and attentive when he asks, “What is it?”
Al nodded, rubbing the back of his neck. He wasn't sure what to make of that. "Well, he's there because someone did get hurt. And Ziggy thinks she knows who it was."
Cas tilts his head to one side, but he’s caught on the sound of Dean’s footsteps, and the memory of Jack’s. Dean should be just a few feet outside the doorway. Five steps now. Four. Cas’ heart picks up when he thinks about what will happen when Dean’s footsteps never quite reach the doorway.
It takes a moment for Cas to make up his mind. He holds on to Dean’s voice telling him he’s home, but he can’t shake the goosebumps on his back that tell him that as soon as he drops his hands, he’ll be right back where he started.
So Dean was just...different? It didn't add up. And Sam had enough experience with things that didn't add up to know that something was very, very wrong.
"How are you here?" Cas asked again.
"I don't know about that," Beckett said with a smile.
The Empty doesn’t appear, but Cas can almost feel it watching. He finds himself wishing for some other form of torture – something messy and painful, something he’s endured before. Physical pain is always new, but at least he wouldn’t have to endure whatever this is.
More silence follows. Cas can almost feel the battle of wills, but nothing else of significance is said. There are mumbled
But they were safe. And Cas was home, even if he didn’t leave his room so much.
Cas’ brow creased. “Around town?”
“For one thing.”
“Got rid of them?”
"No there are," Beckett said. "Children, animals, and the mentally handicapped."
Dean was sitting on the edge of the cot in the waiting room, his leg bouncing with nervous energy. He kept repeating to himself that Sammy would get out of this and he'd be back in his own body soon, but he didn't like the cold feeling in the pit of his stomach. He should be there. This shouldn't be left to some amateur, not when Sammy was the one who would have to teach him while on a mission he had supposedly failed.
"Hey now, my friend Sam is there. He'll set it right. He always does," Al said, trying to comfort Dean.
Cas shook his head once - a small motion. “The list is much shorter than the last time I saw it. That’s all.”
"So you follow her in? Are you suicidal?"
Cas manages, “I love you,” and feels Dean smile against his neck. “Don’t let me leave again.”
"I'd better go make sure he gets back to that waiting room," Al said, stepping through his door to his own time.
Something about the way Cas was so straightforward with all of this was more endearing than Dean would have thought. “Well thanks.”
Cas thinks there might be tears in his eyes, but he's too happy to tell. “I love you too, Dean.” And when Dean kisses him, he’s sure Dean’s wrong about how much sugar is in the lemonade, because his mouth is plenty sweet.
"Of course," the woman said. "You aren't the first to get lost out here."
Cas grips Dean’s arms tightly, tight enough to be painful. He’s bewildered – his mind in such a state of shock he isn’t sure he’s absorbed the words Dean’s said to him. He knows Dean is a man full of love, he
“You don’t want to tell them yourself?”
that she was back. That this wasn’t a dream. Whatever had happened to her was over, and Sam was here, and she knew he was saying something because his words were rumbling through her chest.
Over the next few months, their lives had returned to normal. Bobby had gone home and continued working as he had, providing hunters with information they needed on hunts, answering phones as whatever higher-up was required by a hunter who needed some kind of access. Sam and Dean went back to being hunters, but this time Cas came with them. At first, it was just so Castiel could recover his strength, but over time, his relationship with Dean had grown stronger, and even when his strength had returned, he didn't leave.
“Cas, this would be a lot easier if you would just follow the sound of my voice,” Dean said, a little steadier. “It’s not like there’s any other sound here.”
“Okay,” Dean says, and there’s that light in his face again. “We won, for starters.”
Cas blinked at Dean, and could see the uncertainty in Dean’s face. But no, that seemed a perfectly reasonable thing to want. Cas leaned forward and pressed his forehead to Dean’s. He watched Dean’s eyes flick from his eyes to his mouth, and he smiled. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He could feel Dean do the same, and he almost chuckled. He closed the distance between them and no, it wasn’t what he’d thought it would be.
Cas looked at their hands. He thought about what their hands had done over the years; all the fighting and killing and healing and helping. And now, he was holding Dean Winchester’s hand. “I don’t want to leave.”
“Cas,” Dean said. He figured he might as well start before his brain could back him out of it.
But Cas looked like he was fading. His whole body seemed to flicker, and Dean hoped it was just his imagination. Cas reached up and grabbed Dean’s arms like a drowning man on a life preserver, his grip as solid as ever.
“Cas?”
Cas’ stomach growls. “Thank you.” He takes a seat and stares at the table as he eats, despite the fact that Dean sits down right across from him. He smiles despite himself at the peanut butter that sticks to the roof of his mouth. The pb&j tastes almost as good as he remembers.
Alastair trained him himself. Dean could feel the demon’s presence, so close to him in that room, directing his moves, until Dean could inflict new pains on new souls every day.
made everything Dean had been trying to force to the back of his mind come rushing forward. He was sure that even if he had something to say, he wouldn’t have been able to force his tongue loose to form the words. (Of course he’d fantasized about what he might say if he saw Cas again. What was the point of digging up the information about the empty he needed if he wasn’t going to let some small part of him hope to see Cas again?)
“Well, you’re very good at it.”
It was over in a second. Cas hadn’t even broken a sweat. But now he was faced with Sam and Dean, who were both staring at him. He looked between the two of them, suddenly unsure where he should focus his attention; they both looked a little banged up, but neither seemed to notice at the moment.
Cas closes his eyes. He leans into that touch. “Did you summon me back?”
“Okay.”
“Hm?” Sam finishes drying his hands and leans on the counter.
Dean looked between Sam and Cas and sighed. "Well this is a new development. I've almost never had to explain this to anyone," he paused. "It's a little weird."
“I can’t complain,” Cas said, his tone sincere. He tentatively took a seat across from Dean and set his book aside. “And my grace is fading quickly, so I’m starting to feel more human again.”
“I still have too much of my grace, I guess.”
Dean put the strap around his neck and removed the lens cap. “’Auto’ works okay, right?” he asked, looking at the different settings on the dial.
And third, he was going to die in this stupid barn in middle-of-nowhere Ohio. He’d tried to keep up a strong front for Sam, but he knew Sam saw right through it - he always had. Dean had kept his research on the empty to their off hours, enjoyed walking the dog and goofing off when Sam was with him, talked to Jack when he thought the kid might be listening. When he had, by chance, come across this vampire case, he’d welcomed the distraction. Nest of vamps? Piece of cake! They’d done it so many times before.
“I’ll make sure we don’t get lost.”
Meanwhile, back at the headquarters of Project Quantum Leap, Dean Winchester came to in the waiting room.
When Dean was cut off, he slammed his hands down on the keyboard. The static remained for a moment before dissipating.
“How?”
Dean’s brow furrowed. “You okay?”
Cas nodded, looking down again, his jaw tight.
Dean didn’t mind the dog. He really didn’t. He would pet it when it came up to him when he visited Sam. He would feed it scraps from the table even when Sam told him not to, because what good was it to interact with his brother’s dog if he wasn’t going to use it to pester his little brother?
“So I was noteworthy?”
"Went in a little half cocked," Sam said.
“Goodnight Dean.”
“Not today,” Dean said. He reached behind him blindly and grabbed an instrument without thinking, swinging as hard as he could and relishing the feeling of impact. “Why are you here?” he demanded.
“I’m just saying you made a good impression,” Cas said. He pressed the shutter button and held it for a few seconds. “Is that flirting?”
*~*~*~*~*
“I am. What happened this week?”
“You don’t drink it black?” Dean didn’t know why that was his expectation. Maybe it was the fact that Cas apparently took midnight walks in the park to get pictures of the stars.
"Hopefully it isn't all human," Sam said as he closed the door. He was about to pull out his gun when he heard footsteps approaching the kitchen and he quickly retook his seat.
“I’d like to go home now.”
"Was there anything off about the room?" Cas asked, his face serious.
Cas swallows thickly. He tries to remind himself that this is an illusion. This isn’t Dean, no matter how much he looks and sounds like Dean. “What are you doing here?”
Cas tilts his head to one side and considers. He recognizes hunger pangs in his stomach. He also feels sticky in his clothes and the sensation makes his skin crawl. “Yes,” he says.
He went to the door and inspected the lock. He didn't have any of his usual picks. He didn't even have any of his knives. Strangely enough, the door didn't seem that solid, which Dean thought might have been something that would be important. He backed up and braced himself before kicking the door right beside the handle. A shot of pain ran up his leg, but the door held. Dean swore and tried again, this time causing a crack to open up beside the handle. One more kick and the door buckled outward.
"Dean, Cas, I know you mean well, but I'm not sitting this out," Sam said.
"Dean-"
"I'll watch. I'm not sitting around to wait."
“If you’re going for a pickup line, try something less disturbing,” Dean said.
“Do you want to come in for a minute?” Cas asked.
“National Geographic?” Dean asked, just to make sure he’d actually heard right.
"Right, Cas," Sam said, running his hands down his pants' legs nervously.
Sam cracked the same birthday joke as he had two years before. Dean managed to laugh this time, even though it stung.
Dean’s expression is more fond than Cas has ever seen it, and Cas distantly thinks that this must just be how Dean looks at him now. “Because I want you, Cas.”
Jack knew Dean and Cas were answering phones every so often for now, but he also had a feeling they would bow out sooner or later. He had picked up on Dean talking more and more about Harvelle’s, and he had a feeling Dean wanted to go find it again and restore it. He knew that Sam and Eileen weren’t going out on as many hunts, were starting to prioritize the work they did at the bunker, though they were always ready to set out again if something came up close by.
Okay, Dean could handle rejection. He tried not to be too disappointed. “What do you take pictures of?”
It had been a couple weeks since Zachariah had zapped him to the future, and Dean still wasn’t sure what to make of it. He wasn’t even keeping track of dates. All he knew was that he and Sam were back on the road, and Cas was off doing…whatever the hell it was Cas did. Dean hadn’t seen Cas since Cas had pulled him away from Zachariah in time for Zachariah to not kill him.
She ate her breakfast slowly. Her mouth felt like sandpaper, like she hadn’t had anything to drink in days. But maybe she hadn’t. She drank three glasses of water before pouring herself another bowl of cereal.
“Oh. Well, tell them
Cas smiled, thinking of another barn, so many years ago. He glanced at Jack when he felt him staring.
“By an hour or so.”
Al furrowed his brow. "Well that's a little weird. But Ziggy says they help people, so it must come with the territory."
The officer seemed to notice this and raised an eyebrow curiously. "What's the problem son?"
"Who are you?" Cas asked, watching Al appear out of thin air.
“Oh, you met him,” Sam said. He looked like he was trying to keep his excitement under control.
"No offense," Dean said, half-turning around, "but if I couldn't stop it, and Sammy couldn't stop it, and
“How’d you sleep?” Sam asks.
couldn't stop it, then your guy doesn't have a prayer. And he needs to find a way to get out of my body. If anyone's going to be there with Sammy when this happens, it's going to be me."
"And what do you need to do?" Sam asked.
“Oh,” Cas said. He woke up the screen and showed it to Dean, and there was the picture from the afternoon by the lake, only it had clearly been processed – his eyes were a little greener, the light a little more golden and warm. “You said I could keep it.”
Cas turned and glared at Sam. "How did you not recognize that this isn't Dean from the very beginning?"
“I can meet you for lunch tomorrow though, if you want,” Dean offered.
Well. Cas didn’t know what he’d expected, but he was pretty sure it wasn’t that. “Do what?”
There are voices down the hall, talking and laughing. The clanging of cutlery against plates. A glass or mug being set down.
“Can’t really complain,” Dean said with a lopsided smile. He pulled his phone out and opened to his pictures. He had only taken two pictures since the silhouette (one was a picture of Miracle at the park early in the morning, so Dean could prove to Sammy that he had, in fact, stuck to the dog’s schedule, and the other was of Miracle on his couch, which he had officially taken to send to Sam to complain about the dog’s manners, but which he had really taken because she
"I'm fine Cas," Dean said, his smile coming through his voice. "But I had to know what was going on."
Why didn’t it feel great?
Cas shakes his head, at a loss. “I don’t know.” But he does. The Empty sent Dean to torture him. Because this isn’t Dean. It can’t be.
“What about injuries?” Sam asks.
“You wanted to flirt with me too?”
“Goodnight Cas.”
” he demands.
“Are you still stuck on that part?”
The door opens just enough for Dean to poke his head through. “Welcome back,” he says. His face is back-lit and therefore nearly invisible, but the smile is audible in his voice. “Can I turn the light on?”
"If I explain, will you stop with the attitude and go back to your room?"
"Left?" Dean asked, staring uncomprehendingly at Cas.
like him."
Dean tried not to be disappointed at the dodge. Maybe he wanted to see Castiel again on his walks with the dog in the mornings. It would certainly make the early hour a little more bearable. “Enough to be friends with Sam though.”
Jack considered. He tilted his head to one side and narrowed his eyes a bit as he tried to decipher Cas’ expression. “You don’t want to stay here, do you?”
Cas can’t move. If Dean is here, then they must have won. His sacrifice for Dean must have been worth it. And beyond that, Dean came to get him.
before promptly dying. And, sure, Cas died a lot, but that didn’t make it any easier. And Cas loved him? Dean had known for a while that Cas loved them - hell, the angel had
“Heaven is different for everyone,” Cas replied. “So everyone gets their own heaven. With the exception of soulmates.”
“Good morning.” A beat passed in silence. One of Sam’s questions from the night before nagged at him, but he thought he probably shouldn’t open with that this early in the morning. “Sleep well?”
“By the lake?”
"They think they're invincible," the woman from before said. "They make stupid decisions."
It was a simple question, but Dean still shifted a little uncomfortably. “Probably not.”
"Nothing," Dean said, waving the question off. "I'm just glad to be back."
After a few minutes, he heard the lock click and the door to the room open. "Dean? Are you up yet?" a voice called.
“My grace?” Cas asks. He thinks about the shadow of a rescue, sitting in the bunker kitchen, and breakfast, and
"You're sure there's no other way to get me back there?" Dean asked, sounding desperate.
“Thank you.”
“All I know is that Jack replaced Chuck,” Cas added. “I don’t know what else there is to tell.”
Going home.
“What the fuck are you
an Archangel could help, but I can't; it would take much more power than I have."
“Good?”
“But what if you don’t make it back?”
Sam was fighting the three who had shown up especially for the chance to kill the Winchesters, and they were clearly seasoned fighters. Sam was no slouch and even in their wild state they managed to fight effectively against him. One was stabbed and fell, but one gave up on Beckett and jumped at Sam instead, seeming to think he was a better target. Beckett was left fighting the woman, who was vicious and fought dirty with her claws. Beckett was bleeding from a gash on his right arm, but he was ignoring it enough to continue the fight.
Dean is gone.
“Fine,” Sam agreed. “I’ll go after breakfast. And I’ll bring you your birthday pie.”
“What did you say to him?”
“So that’s… it?” she asked. “That’s the end?”
“Pretty run down, anyway,” Dean says.
“I’m here Cas,” Dean says. He rolls in the darkness and wraps an arm around Cas. “I’ll be here when you wake up.”
“How well do you know Sam?”
Cas’ eyes were traveling from Dean’s eyes to his lips and back, trying to get a read on Dean’s body language. His mind only seemed focused on the fact that Dean’s hand was on his arm, and Dean’s face was so much closer to his. “What…”
"Then tell
It was slow going to dig himself out, and the sun was too bright. It reminded him of something, but he couldn’t place what. All he remembered was the torturing, and a bright light at the end. He couldn’t remember what the light was.
Sam still looked mystified. “And I don’t talk to him that long,” he continued. “Maybe five or ten minutes at a time.”
Cas makes his way to the bathroom. He pauses in the doorway to watch Dean continue on to the kitchen.
Dean’s smile shrinks, but doesn’t vanish. There’s something quietly fond in his eyes as he reaches up and touches Cas’ shoulder, feather-light. “You didn’t have to wait up for me.”
“You didn’t think I’d leave you here, did you?”
"No can do."
"What's that?" Beckett asked.
going on. She could handle the knowledge that she’d disappeared. That wasn’t the weirdest thing that had happened to her. It certainly wasn’t the weirdest thing Sam and Dean had been through, if she remembered correctly. No, the part that caught her was that she was
“Weren’t you ‘really obvious’ about it yesterday?”
Sam had managed to drop another wolf, losing his dagger in the process. He grabbed his knife in time to stab another, but the last one grabbed him from behind, his jaw dangerously close to Sam's neck.
“No need to explain,” Dean cuts him off. His face is carefully neutral. He steps forward, just a little. “Why don’t I talk?”
“Oh.”
"Where's Cas?" Dean asked suddenly, looking around. Future Cas had told him he had needed to leave, but he hadn't wanted to believe it.
Cas tilted his head and scrunched his brow. “Didn’t you hear me yesterday? Jack gave me a soul in exchange for my grace so I could remain here.”
“My name is Castiel,” the thing said.
"And my..." Dean struggled for a word. "Cas, is he okay?"
The drive was pleasant enough. It was even easy, once they knew where the nest was.
They sat in silence for a few minutes before Cas asked, “Why are you so determined to save me?”
“I’m serious.”
He felt almost relieved to hear Dean say it. He
Dean breathed a laugh, the last of his nerves leaving him. What indeed? Honestly, he hadn’t thought he’d even get this far. He looked at their hands again. “Promise you’ll stay.”
"And killed how many of us to get there? I'm all for the world spinning on uninterrupted, but I don't feel like being sent to Purgatory," the first one snapped.
“I can make the pain go away,” the demon said. “I can make it go away forever.”
Dean had a suspicious look on his face, but he nodded anyway. “Well, call if you need backup.”
“I don’t know,” Jack said. He turned so he was fully facing Cas. “Are you okay?”
Sam didn’t look like he bought it, and Dean could feel Cas’ eyes boring into the back of his head, but he elected to ignore them. “We’ll be home soon.”
“But heaven’s, you know, heaven’s home.”
“How’ve you been, Jack?” Sam asked, hugging him.
different they looked. And it wasn’t like the originals were bad – these were just more vibrant, more alive. The pastels of early morning looked softer, the details of the world a little more defined but still with that glowing ease of not being quite awake.
“Are you going to sing along?”
anymore, but Sam’s goals hadn’t changed too much - he wanted to have family and friends he loved, and he wanted to be able to take a vacation and go to the movies and have his morning jog. He’d just gotten a little more okay with haunted objects still turning up occasionally.
"Really? Awesome. I still need to know what's going on."
"Just making sure they stay dead," Dean said.
“He… told you that?”
"But I do have a question for the other Sam," Dean said.
Dean looks frozen between two or three different courses of action, but his entire focus is trained on Cas’ face. His eyes narrow. “Is? The Empty
Dean nodded again. “Sounds good.”
"I'm fine," Dean said, not stopping his pacing.
Maybe he’d be able to find it out there, that elusive happy medium. Maybe they all would. Sam unlocked his phone again despite the fact that it was somehow almost midnight and he had to fight to keep his eyes open. He made a few notes of where he thought it would be helpful to start his research the next day. After some consideration, he also made a list of questions he could ask Cas, since who was more likely to have obscure knowledge of what happened to a person when they were scrubbed from existence than a former angel?
“I can put music on,” Dean offered.
"What if Sam just doesn't come?" Cas suggested.
“Sorry to disappoint her,” Cas replied. He marked his place in his book and closed it. He leaned forward and swung his leg around so both legs were dangling off the branch and he was facing Dean. “I needed to catch up on other things.”
Whenever Sam made a leap into another person's existence, that person was sent to a waiting room of sorts. This room was in the present, wherever that was. The person would stay in the waiting room for however long it took Sam to fix whatever had gone wrong in their time. Often they were just as confused as the people working the Project, since Sam looked, to an observer, like the person he had leaped into, while the displaced person in the waiting room looked like Sam.
When they’d returned from Ohio and Dean had made his excuses and turned in immediately, Sam had uncertainly watched him walk down the hall.
“You might not have your grace when we get back,” Dean warns. He pulls a bundle out of his pocket. It’s small, only palm sized. “You said you’ve been getting weaker. Sam thinks your grace might burn out getting you back.”
The response came quickly, and Sam even laughed. “She’s at home.”
to hurry," Cas said, his voice deadly calm.
Cas shook his head. “Not if you don’t want it to be.”
“Cas, you’re leaving with us. End of story.”
sleep,” Sam clarifies, but he doesn’t seem sure. “But you’re human now.”
“That’s happened before too.”
mankind again.”
Dean heard the door close as Sam left, probably heading to grab a bite to eat as an excuse to give Cas and Dean some privacy. Dean laughed then, though he wasn't sure at what.
“Thank you.”
Eileen smiled at her phone. Sam would have the answers. He would know what was going on.
everywhere. “That many things to take pictures of?”
Cas wants to look away. Wants to hide from the way Dean is trying to read his mind, but he can feel that if he looks away, it’ll be the end of this. And he doesn’t want Dean to worry in the interim. “Nothing happened.”
Alastair turned his dead gaze back to Dean. “I will see you tonight,” it said, raising one hand. Dean expected a punch, but the thing only snapped its fingers, and suddenly Dean wasn’t in a solitary room anymore.
“Do you do this every morning?”
While Sam prepared the mixture - he really had developed a knack for it since working with Rowena - Dean said his good-byes to Jack and Eileen. He’d never been good at that part, and he did like to think he’d be coming back with Cas in tow, but he figured he might as well cover all his bases, just in case.
Dean swallowed. He couldn’t believe Cas’ touch could do this to him. “Cas?”
For thirty years this went on. Dean wasn’t sure when he stopped fighting the restraints. He wasn’t sure when the light that reflected in Alastair’s eyes started to dim. But one day, something in him snapped, and he couldn’t take it anymore. And he was scared, and every part of him was in pain, when he was finally allowed off the rack.
“A person’s best memories.” Cas couldn’t pinpoint why he felt so defensive of the idea. Perhaps because he wanted so badly to hold on to memories of his own. The thought made him smile. “I remember a story Dean told me,” he continued, “about a friend he had. I believe he said it was the first time he visited heaven, Dean found this friend, who had died, in his heaven. And this friend had found a way to hack the system and connect his heaven to those of people he had known.”
It wasn't.
“Yeah, you. Who else?” Dean scoffs. “I look like I have other friends to save from this hellhole?”
. “Wrong about what?”
There was one leap where Sam came to in a bed in a cheap motel. The last thing he remembered was club in the late fifties. Cigarette smoke had hung in clouds near the ceiling, and Sam had watched as a nervous young girl had made her first performance. Apparently, the first time this scenario had panned out, the girl hadn't been able to make ends meet and this job had been her last option before she had no choice but to turn to prostitution for money. Sam's job on this leap had been to get her the job. After he had helped her get the performance, Al told him, she was able to make a career for herself as a stage performer, and had used her success to start a children's charity. Sam was glad, as he always was, that something had turned out for the better. Then there was the bright blue light that always signaled a leap, and here he was, laying in a bed that wasn't anywhere near comfortable. He stretched his arms under the pillow and brushed something sharp and metallic with his hand. Concerned, Sam sat up and moved the pillow to the side, his eyes falling on a wicked looking knife.
"Don't worry about me," Al would say. "Worry about getting this right."
“You seem pretty beat to hell to me,” Dean says.
Why did everyone keep saying that? Sam was more than capable of taking care of himself, and he thought he’d proven that. He turned and walked down the hall, trying to keep himself together.
“What clothes do you need?”
Cas seemed like he wanted to say more, but he didn't say anything before he vanished in a flutter of wings.
They passed a bench, and Dean took a seat to watch the water for a bit. He patted the seat beside him and Miracle jumped up, stretching her front legs across Dean’s lap. Dean absently scratched under the dog’s collar.
stay.”
Only silence answers. Not even the echo of his own voice.
“You can watch her as much as you want.”
"He was normal," Cas said. "I had to leave early. Without Michael, there's fighting within Heaven, and I needed to go make sure the others weren't killing each other. Dean was fine when I left."
They’re very close. Cas hadn’t realized, but he does now. They’re practically sharing a pillow. They’re close enough that Cas can see every detail of Dean’s face, can see the way Dean’s studying him, like they’re seeing each other for the first time.
“Me?”
"Recognized you?"
, when he woke up, that he was home. Over breakfast he had insisted, weakly as always, that Dean didn’t need to help with the flowers if he didn’t want to; Dean had insisted, as always, that he didn’t mind, that he
Miracle didn’t answer. Her head was tilted slightly and her eyes were closed, clearly enjoying having Dean scratch her.
Al was a little worried by this sudden change in demeanor, but he continued with his explanation. "The only way you get out is if you stay in this room until Sam leaps to someone else."
Dean wasn’t mad. He was flattered. He said so.
. You won’t have to worry about the rest of it.”
Dean couldn’t help it. He laughed. “Yeah Cas, you’re damn pretty.”
“Are you okay, Cas?”
“You know this is the first time we’ve been in the same place on September 18
Sam stepped carefully over to the shelves, moving silently. He glanced between the shelves to the other side and saw the werewolves sleeping, piled on one another like a pack of dogs. One twitched in his sleep. Sam knelt to inspect the bottom of the shelving unit, checking to see if it was bolted down.
Dean didn’t know much about photography, but the camera looked fancy. Expensive. And so did the lens that Castiel twisted onto it. “For fun?”
. “You’ve gotten very smart, you know that.”
, Dean thought, but didn’t say. “I just can’t believe that…”
The void didn’t respond.
“Only because you’re cute,” Dean said, because all the joking was making him feel brave.
Then another.
"Good to see you too Ziggy," Beckett said, crossing to the keyboard. He entered a command and hit the enter key, triggering a series of tones of decreasing volume until there was only silence, signaling the shutdown of the program.
"I'm sure," Beckett said.
Dean managed to not get lost in the sound of that voice. “Sorry man, I wasn’t paying attention.”
If Dean’s grin was a little goofy, well, that was fine. “Awesome.” His phone alarm went off in his pocket, and he fumbled getting it out. If Castiel noticed, he didn’t say anything. “I have to go. Work. It was good talking to you, Cas.”
Cas chuckled. “Not that often.”
“Have a good day.”
“I guess it did,” Cas said, returning his smile. He took another sip of his soda.
Dean’s arms tighten. “If the Empty comes for you, I’ll kill it myself,” he says. “You aren’t going anywhere you don’t want to. And I’m not going anywhere without you.”
He was expecting the answer he’d been getting – namely, concern for his well-being, a request that he get some rest, and a promise that they’d fill him in later. Instead, he receives an explanation, of setting a trap and springing it, of destroying Chuck and taking power and free-will into their own hands. Dean explains, though sometimes Sam or Jack jump in with a detail he missed. Eileen explains how she was brought back when Chuck’s influence was reversed and the world set right again. The plan they hatched to get Cas back, to finally have the family all together.
Cas’ phone lit up on the table next to them. They both glanced over at it. It was a text notification from Jimmy, but Dean wasn’t paying attention to that.
Cas looked at him curiously, but conceded. “No. Perhaps not.”
"Then tell us where the pack is," Cas said, catching Sam's train of thought. "We can stop this before it starts."
“Uh. No. I’m not,” Dean said, suddenly confused. “I’m Dean. I’m his brother.”
Dean gave him half a smile. “It all worked out.”
While Miracle ate her food and Dean scrounged for his own breakfast, he texted Cas to let him know he’d be absent from their walk this morning.
“Wrong? No,” Sam said. The opposite. “I, uh, I have to go. Check something.”
"Tell me about it," Beckett said.
“And grace burns differently,” Cas said. “I tried to fix it.”
There was silence for a few moments. Dean looked at his hands, and then at the shelves and back - anywhere but at Cas.
But this was a different barn, and there was an actual enemy here. Vampires, from the carnage that greeted him. One lunged at him, dropping Sam, gasping, to the ground. Cas had his blade from his sleeve in an instant, and the vampire fell easily. The two pinning Dean came at him together, and one from the shadows with them, and Cas was a hurricane in the middle.
Cas still hesitated. “Thank you for breakfast.”
Dean leapt out of the way, and had to squint against the harsh light, like so many souls but infinitely brighter. It burned him to look at.
“The things I’ve done… They’re horrible Dean,” Cas said, a haunted look on his face.
“Oh.”
“Well come on, Sammy’s hosting in the other room,” Dean said. He had a hand between Jack’s shoulder blades and guided him down the hall, Cas close behind.
“I thought I’d come just to see if you’d pass by. I came the day before that too.”
Castiel chuckled, but nodded in a sideways sort of way. It made his unruly hair bounce briefly over his forehead, and Dean definitely didn’t stare at it. “I enjoy it. I do freelance photography, so it’s sometimes also for work.”
By way of answer, Dean closes the door behind them and steps around Cas to the bed. There’s no hesitation this time when he kicks off his shoes and pulls the comforter back. He settles in and holds out an arm in invitation.
"Thank you," Sam said, but he didn't reach out to take the paper from her.
“I need you to believe me. We used a spell to open a portal and I went through to get you. I had the ingredients on me. I lit the fuse and you added your grace. Then we both came back through the portal.
“How do you just. Say that.”
So what now?
"Could
Dean’s brow furrowed. “You okay?”
Dean laughed. “Gee, thanks Cas.”
“Awesome,” Dean says, his face lit with joy. He stands and holds out a hand, ready to help if Cas isn’t as steady as he says he is. “We just finished breakfast. Everyone else is out on a supply run, but I wanted to see if you wanted some pancakes.”
He reaches for that feeling of happiness that summoned the Empty. It’s there, even now, but Cas is sure it’s been just about flayed open. He doesn’t trust it. He knows he felt it, but he isn’t sure anymore just how good it felt.
Into his room. His bed in front of him. The nightstand with its dated lamp and alarm clock he’s never set and the tape Dean made him. It’s perfectly ordinary.
Dean didn’t think he’d blushed this much since he was in high school. “What?”
“He is.” Cas looked out the window, toward the horizon. A barrier in the distance fizzled out even as Cas watched.
Dean had thought that was the end, that he was going to have to go on without his family. Not only was Sam trapped in Hell, but Bobby (who in reality had been more of a father than his own father had ever been) was dead, and Castiel...well, Cas was gone too.
“Something wrong?” Dean asks.
Cas stands frozen, just watching Dean. This is a test. It has to be. This isn’t Dean. He adjusts his grip on his blade, but makes no move in any direction. “Stay back there.” Why the warning? He trusts Dean. Every instinct he has says to trust Dean.
“Dean.”
"Cas," Dean said, the pain evident in his voice. "You have to help me. Please. I need you."
Jack’s smile lost a bit of its mirth, and he looked down briefly. Cas was struck suddenly by how young he really was. When he lifted his head though, Jack was as confident as he’d been since pulling Cas out of the empty. Even so, he crossed the small space between them and wrapped his arms tightly around Cas.
"Then hold the ropes so they still look tied and wait for them," Dean said. "If they find you untied you won't have a chance to kill any of them."
“It’s the Empty,” Jack says, with more confidence than Cas would have expected. When Cas looks over at him, his expression isn’t one of understanding, but it is the expression of someone who has an inkling.
They walk in silence until they’re nearly at Cas’ door.
get butterflies.
dead. Though, truth be told, he can’t quite remember what that was supposed to feel like anyway. With nothing in particular to focus on, time simply passes, and Cas doesn’t register the length. The only difference is that his entire internal clock has stopped ticking; even if he wanted to know how long he’d been there, he couldn’t hazard a guess.
Cas lets himself be readjusted so they’re standing side by side. Dean’s arm is around his waist, and Dean’s saying something Cas can’t quite make out, and then there’s light and they’re in the bunker and Sam and Eileen and Jack are there and Cas’ body relaxes so quickly that he slumps against Dean and loses consciousness.
“Sure.” Miracle was sitting patiently at his feet, but when she heard the word ‘walk’ she was on her feet again, tail wagging and ready to go. “I don’t know this path very well though.”
Cas offered him a small smile. “I’d like that.”
"Of course you do," Dean said, but he couldn't bring himself to be annoyed.
"I guess you mean that as a compliment?" Al asked, but he didn't sound annoyed.
Beckett laughed. "You know, I think I'll stick with what I do."
Cas’ face turned thoughtful. “There might be a way to find out.”
Dean shook his head. He rested his chin in one hand. “I was just coming to walk Miracle for Sam, and he said he walked her here. Never been before.”
Dean shrugs and pulls back enough to look Cas in the face. “You’re awake now.”
That explained Sam’s interest in Dean going twice. Dean had thought Sam walked her in the park all the time. He’d taken her around his block in the afternoons when he saw Cas in the morning because he was tired when he got home from work. A quick walk around the block was just easier than driving to the park twice. “I was only going to come in the mornings,” Dean admitted. “But I didn’t see you those days. So I tried in the afternoon too.” He shrugged. “The first morning you weren’t here I thought about how I wanted your phone number to check on you.”
Cas swallows again. He turns onto his side and reaches out to touch Dean’s face. He’s surprised when Dean turns his face into it. “You want me.”
“He said he’s there most mornings.”
. And there was a flash, very recently - it seemed like the remnant of a dream that was already fading as she tried to picture it.
And there it was. So simple. Cas was so used to a fight that it took a moment before he actually understood what Jack had said. “Thank you,” he managed.
Sam raised a brow at him, but said nothing. He pulled his phone out to do the preliminary search for anything out of the ordinary and paused after a moment, glancing back up at his brother. “Is it your birthday?” he asked.
There was a hole in her memory, but something about it felt tangible, like lying in bed with her eyes closed and letting her mind wander. Nothing was happening, certainly nothing worth remembering, but it was still
“Cas?” he asked the void.
“I can have you. If I want you.”
about this.
Cas considered. “Connected?”
"Great," Beckett said.
“No I mean. The second day I saw him. He told me I made a good impression.”
"No. I'm from two years ago, apparently," Dean said. "When we did the hunt for the werewolves in Oklahoma."
*~*~*~*~*
Whether it was strength or beginner’s luck, Dean didn’t know. He didn’t care either, because he had this
“You don’t deserve purgatory,” Dean said.
The word bounces around his skull, warm and welcoming. He looks back up at Dean, at that face he’d memorized long ago, now looking at him with such open affection Cas feels like he’s looking directly into the sun, into the grace of an angel’s true form, into an eclipse, into Dean Winchester’s soul.
"Ziggy isn't sure. She's a parallel hybrid computer. And her ego is the size of this house. But she knows what happened here the first time, and she lets me know the course of action that is most likely to get me to leap."
"Put me back through," Dean ordered, keying in the commands again.
"You need to get back to that room," Al said.
The woman looked between the two men sitting in her kitchen. "Funny," she said. "I heard your brother was the one who did all the talking."
Dean felt like his heart was going to break his ribs. “Happy anniversary Cas,” Dean said. He tugged on Cas’ sleeve awkwardly and leaned just a little closer.
"You think I want to hear your sentimental stories? No thank you," Ziggy said.
Nearing the end of the hall, Cas can hear voices up ahead. He slows, unsure of what new torture will follow his interruption.
He’d seen it before.
Dean figured that as long as Al and the transmitter were here, there wasn't much he could do in the way of communicating directly with Sam and Cas, so he might as well go sit in the waiting room. Maybe he could find something interesting to do, like bang his head against the wall.
That explained how Miracle seemed to recognize him. “You a dog person?”
“Wouldn’t a tripod be easier?” Dean wondered.
Oh. Dean hadn’t caught that part. “I didn’t hear you. I’m sorry. I was tired.”
The demon chuckled, and the sound reverberated around the room. It turned toward a table off to the side and ran a hand over the weapons there. “My name is Alastair,” it said, almost conversationally. “We will be seeing a lot of each other.”
Beckett furrowed his brow, studying Cas. Before he could make any kind of comment, Al stepped in. "Are we all acquainted now?" he asked.
Cas didn’t answer him as he answered the text.
For a moment, Sam couldn’t think of anything to say. “What?”
Cas looked up at the door and vanished just as it opened.
Dean sat heavily in the chair. "Who got hurt?" he finally asked.
“Let’s go.” Without thinking about it, he put a hand on Cas’ shoulder to guide him to the barn doors.
Dean didn’t want to say. It felt too personal, like something that should only be between him and Cas. But at this point, the point of no return, when Dean was half sure he wouldn’t be coming back from this one, he figured Sam deserved some kind of explanation.
Dean definitely didn’t blush. “And he finished the walk with us and I got his number. And then I overslept so I didn’t see him in the park. Then yesterday it rained so I invited him over for breakfast instead. The end.”
Cas tries not to. Looking means this scene will end. Looking means the countdown starts. He looks up anyway, and finds as much concern as he’s ever seen on Dean’s face.
"What?" Tears were forming in Dean's eyes.
The darkness that swallows Cas is interrupted by Dean’s voice, his shadow against the backdrop. Cas tries to answer, but no matter how loudly he shouts, Dean can’t find him; no matter how quickly he runs, he can never catch up. When finally,
"Yeah, sorry to bother you, but my brother and I were on our way to Oklahoma City and we seem to have lost our way," Sam said smoothly. "Would you mind giving us directions?"
Cas pressed a button on the camera, made a show of inspecting the picture in the camera’s screen. “I don’t think you can photograph badly,” he said simply, turning the camera around so Dean could inspect the photograph.
"Yeah, something like that," Sam said noncommittally. He nodded toward the door. "May we?"
Where was her phone?
He’d made peace with that - accepted it before he’d made his confession to Dean. The thought still brought him peace. Yes, Dean would be okay, and that would be enough.
“Maybe Eileen’s right,” Sam’s voice answers. He sounds tired. “Maybe it’s just the combination of coming back and losing his grace. Or Jack says it could just be the whole” – a brief pause, and Cas can almost see Sam gesturing as he searches for the words – “Empty experience.”
Sam walked over to him. "Did you find anything?"
?” he countered.
“What is it?” Cas asks. He looks down at himself, expecting something to be amiss.
“I can ride up front so you can sleep in the back,” Cas added.
Suddenly, she remembered what Sam had been telling her. It was the last clear memory she had.
Cas blinks, startled. Dean is still there, by the dresser, when he looks over. He swallows. “Yes?”
“Alright, that’s enough,” Dean finally said, but his voice was soft, lacking any actual edge. He pushed Sam away from him and managed a small smile.
Cas’ reply came as Dean was walking out his front door with Miracle. It was a picture of the sunrise – and Dean had to admit that he wasn’t aware that phones could even take pictures of that quality – and text that read,
"No," the woman said. "We have to wait for the others."
“I think so. I’ll try some as the sun gets a little higher too.”
"Well it's definitely the werewolf pack," Sam said. "The body wasn't there anymore when we went to investigate, but there were claw marks on the windowsill and around the room. Looked like a nasty fight."
. She didn’t feel like she’d been summoned, and if she
“It’s okay.” Dean squeezes back, a reassuring pressure. “We can sort it out later.”
It was so much better.
Sam huffed. “Not exactly the same.”
Beckett blinked at them for a moment. "Oh. Well, that's a new one," he said, scratching his head.
“I had to, Cas. Whatever was going to come next. It wasn’t going to be the same without you,” Dean said. He tentatively reached out, as Cas had just a moment before, and rested his hands over Cas’. He felt sturdier when Cas took his hands and squeezed them reassuringly. “I can’t do it without you. Every time you’ve been gone before, it was the same. I would get stuck. Without you, it was always… just, empty.” Maybe this was how Cas had done it. Maybe it was just a matter of momentum. “And now, we get to write our own ending, right? That’s what all this was about. This whole thing, from the very beginning. And since, I don’t know… For a long time, I knew that whatever future I was running towards, it wasn’t going to be enough - it wouldn’t be what I
Time passes. Maybe an hour. Maybe a day. Cas doesn’t sleep, but he doesn’t get up again. He tries not to think too much, about anything. He breathes in the scent of his trench coat, and it still smells like the bunker. He thinks he can make out the familiar aroma of faded upholstery from the Impala.
Cas didn’t know. He feels it though, that speaking will break the illusion. He thinks that he’d rather it end now, than drag on further. “Will you stay?”
“Sure.” Dean offered him a smile, and found he meant it.
“Dean?” The word is out of his mouth before he can stop it.
him to stay. This is real. It’s
"There's something that's been bothering me about it. The house, not the scarecrow. The paint was peeling on the house, and I thought that was normal, but I've been thinking that it looked like there were claw marks on the house."
"Did you find out anything useful up there?" Beckett asked.
The officer nodded and closed the door again.
Cas tenses further. He can feel the sobs bubbling up in his throat and behind his eyes. How can Dean sound so real? Feel so solid?
They reached a door at the end of the hall. It was plain, like all the rest, but the knob was gilded, reflecting a warm light. Jack turned the knob and pushed the door open, and there in front of them stood the Impala, shiny and black in the night air. Behind her stood a barn, a little worn and lacking the luster of the car parked in front of it.
Cas can’t say. Some part of him thought Dean might come after him. After all, hadn’t Dean come after him in purgatory? Spent months tracking him down? “Dean?”
bounced around in his head.
Cas nods. “And I’d like to change my clothes.” He might as well, if this scene is going to go so far as to make him this uncomfortable.
Sam moved first, and Dean was grateful for that. His mind still hadn’t caught up. And seeing Cas
When he was finally on two feet again, he started walking. There was a little gas station, and as he approached he thought it looked abandoned, which was odd. He didn’t bother to question it, instead going straight to the water.
"If they're awake, they don't change," Sam said. "Not in our experience anyway. Unless they're angry."
Cas was waiting at a picnic table by the lake by the time Dean got there. He smiled when he saw Dean approach. “Hello Dean,” he said. He started unpacking the cooler that was on the bench beside him.
A glance in the mirror revealed that Sam was in the body of a man in his late twenties or early thirties, sandy blonde hair and green eyes. He was tall too, a bit more than six feet. Sam couldn't quite place why this guy would need a knife as evil looking as the one sheathed in his pocket.
Everyone else in the room exchanges confused looks. “You
"I'm an Angel of the Lord," Cas said.
Bobby laughed. “What else is new?”
“I have to be into the office early,” Sam had explained when Dean had complained about the early hour. “And it’s only for a week.”
Cas shifted in his seat. “You don’t mind?”
"Well usually when he goes anywhere, it's to stop something bad from happening. He sets things straight where they went wrong before," Al explained calmly.
“I don’t want you to leave again.” Cas almost chokes on the words, but he manages to swallow down the emotion.
After the light dissipated, Beckett found himself on a cot in a familiar room. It had been so long since he'd been there that he'd almost forgotten what it looked like.
Against his will, Cas closes his eyes. Air rattles into and out of his lungs. Dean’s hand stays put.
“What else do you want?”
was important? That was a stupid question. Of course he remembered. They’d talked about it the year before, and purgatory was hard to forget.
Cas looked up to find Dean’s face much closer to his than it had been a moment before. He thought Dean looked terrified, but there was something warmer there too. “Yes Dean?”
It’s been five years since Cas raised Dean from hell, and Dean was really getting tired of all the bullshit that was going on. At least for the first two anniversaries, Cas was still an angel. Then he was dead (or not, Dean’s still not sure when exactly Cas was brought back). Then they were in purgatory. Now Cas wasn’t an angel. Sam and Dean had found him only a day or so after the fall, but Gadreel had given Dean a choice between saving Sam and keeping Cas around. And honestly, as long as Cas was safe, Dean needed to make sure Sam was totally healed before he let Gadreel leave.
Cas raised a questioning eyebrow. He took a sip of his soda to wash down his food and leaned forward. “What is it?”
“Good morning,” Dean said as Cas slid into the seat and pulled the door closed behind him. “Probably a good idea to skip the park this morning.”
Cas pushes his chair back and stands. Everyone just watches him. Wishes him a good rest. He thanks them. Hesitates. Watches Dean. “Will you come with me?” He isn’t ready to step into darkness, though he’s sure he will. He hopes Dean coming with him will grant him just a little more time.
Sam had won, of course. Dean wasn’t actually going to mess up the dog’s schedule. And it was only for a week. He could handle that.
On the way into town, Sam turned possibilities over in his mind. Dean had the anti-possession tattoo, so he wasn't a Demon. There hadn't been signs of a struggle in the motel room, so it was unlikely Dean had been attacked by anything. Besides, Cas had been there with him at least most of the night, and if something had gone wrong, he would have come to Sam first.
“What?” Dean demanded. “No. Not gonna happen.”
“Fancy name,” Dean said, swinging again. He didn’t make as much headway that time, and grabbed a new instrument.
“Will you stay?” It’s a foolish request, Cas knows. But he’s looking at his bed, and it looks so empty and lonely.
“Brought you breakfast,” Dean said cheerily, holding up the tray.
“Maybe.”
"That's encouraging," Sam said. "Beckett, you said you can fight, right?"
“You’re back,” Jack says, in the same moment.
Sam didn’t make a joke about it being his birthday. Maybe he’d forgotten. Dean found he wished Sam would crack the joke. It would give some kind of normalcy to what was going on.
supposed to be there - that was the whole point, he’d thought - but seeing as Jack had used a considerable amount of power and come all this way, he saw no need to refuse.
“’Morning sunshine,” Dean says. He closes the space between them and wraps his arms around Cas like a vice.
"Oh," Dean said, sitting down again.
It was a damn good picture.
The bed is empty when Cas opens his eyes. The lamp is on, which is odd. There’s nothing out of the ordinary to see in the room in the old light. Cas rolls onto his back and frowns at the comforter tangled around his legs. He’s still fully clothed, and uncomfortably warm at this point. He throws the comforter to the other side of the bed.
The next day, Cas wasn’t at his usual spot. Dean tried not to be too disappointed. When he and Miracle had taken the whole walking path around and back to the parking lot without spotting Cas, he told himself that it was about time Cas slept in for a change. Still, he kicked himself for not insisting on getting the guy’s number the day before.
Cas nods and glances over at Dean. “Thank you.” He smiles when Dean pats him on the shoulder as he stands. Cas pauses in his work, removes his gloves, and sits back to watch Dean walk back inside. He waves when Dean pauses at the door to look back. He smiles wider at the goofy grin Dean gives him.
“Have a song stuck in your head?” Dean asked.
“I know,” Sam said, letting his towel drape around his shoulders. “September 18
“No, not anymore,” Cas said quickly. He started to explain, but decided against it. Bobby was used to it by now. “Just taking care of some… renovations.”
Cas nodded. “I know.”
“I have some in albums around the house. I keep the magazine issues I have pictures published in. I have thousands of raw files on an external hard drive.” Cas inclined his head. “So to answer your question, yes, I keep all of them.”
. He’d known the names of these things, but there was nothing that could have prepared him for the intensity of them, the
"Cas, who are you talking to?" Sam asked, slightly concerned.
Sam watched him go and sighed. He looked up and shook his head. "Alright Cas, I don't know where you ended up, but I need you to come back here. Something's really wrong with Dean. I'm on the first floor of the house at 472 Main Street in a town fifty miles west of Oklahoma City."
“I thought you came here every morning. I thought something was wrong.”
Al watched Sam from the present day, appearing as a hologram tuned to Sam's brainwaves, so only Sam (and a few minor exceptions) could see him. Al always brought along Ziggy, the parallel hybrid computer with an ego. That's what they called her anyway, though not to her face. She could usually find what Sam needed to change in any given scenario so he could leap again. Usually.
*~*~*~*~*
"Okay, I don't like this," Sam said. "Where the hell is he?"
“Son of a bitch, I thought I’d never find you,” Dean says. He pulls back, his eyes roving Cas’ face. His arms are still around Cas, but circling now rather than hanging on. “Why are you awake?”
“Cas, where the hell are you?”
“A spell,” Dean says. “Brought the ingredients with me. Used your grace to open a portal.”
Dean laughed. He couldn’t help himself. With all the nerves and the kiss and, yeah - having was a helluva lot better.
The blade is in Cas’ hand before he can think twice. He stalks, a hunter on the prowl. He keeps an eye out, but he can’t see anything here. He knows it’s watching him now. It’s an odd feeling, to be watched and not see the audience. If only he could figure out how to make it show itself. He just needs a fight. “Where are you?” he demands, his voice hard and powerful.
Cas looks down at himself. He looks around the library. He looks at his companions, who are speaking to him and who he can’t understand at the moment. He takes a deep breath and feels his lungs fill to bursting.
Jack barrels into him and Cas is so relieved at being able to hold his son again that he even briefly forgets how this routine is supposed to go. He wants to say something, to let Jack know he’s sorry for what happened, to get the words out even to this illusion before the darkness swallows him up again. He can’t form the words, but Jack isn’t saying anything either, so that must be okay.
“Because I need you. Because I couldn’t leave you there.”
Just enough silence passed to make it awkward before Sam finally said, “Well, I guess it’s time to turn in. Your room is just the way you left it.”
Castiel seemed to catch on something in Dean’s words, and he looked up a little warily, like Dean might have put some hidden meaning in the words that Castiel couldn’t decipher. “Not every morning.”
Because of course he did. He didn’t know how long it had been true, but he knew it now. And he wanted Cas to know, really
Sam shrugged. “He told us you saved him. He wouldn’t elaborate.”
Cas laughed. “No, how are you?”
Dean stopped scrolling, since he’d reached the picture of his own face. He didn’t have many pictures of himself, and this one really was very good. “You’ll keep this one?”
Cas nodded. “I started processing a few of them yesterday.”
“It’s a good picture,” Cas said carefully. “I don’t take pictures of people that often.”
“Yes.”
Dean glances over at him, face falling into concern. “Something wrong?”
The barriers came down easily. Some remained, of course; people with no real connection to each other would remain separated, but otherwise the walls between them either became permeable or dissolved entirely, depending on the wants of the soul in question.
As Beckett threw the dead wolf aside, the last one rushed at Sam, but Sam was prepared. He turned in time to have the wolf impale herself on the dagger, coughing as she fell to her knees and falling silent as she toppled onto her side.
Cas returned the hug easily. “You don’t have to be a stranger you know,” he said. “I know you’ll have important work to do, but you know you always have an open invitation to visit. We won’t turn you away.”
“Happy birthday,” Sam said with a shrug. “You’re ‘reborn,’ or whatever shit.”
"Is it sick to say this is peaceful?" Beckett asked.
“I need
When Dean got back down to the basement, he found Sam and Beckett sitting in their chairs, rubbing their wrists where the ropes had been tied. Standing beside them was Al, who looked pissed off.
"Good," Dean said. "I'd like to be useful again for once."
on the wedding.”
“What happened to you?”
And everyone is still there.
Dean shrugged. “Like you said, we hit it off.”
again, if he could help it.
“She’s asleep in the car. I didn’t want to wake her.”
that? How had he figured out how to just
He couldn’t figure out why at first. He kept pacing. His hand went to his pocket and pulled out his phone, almost of its own accord. The lock screen was free of notifications. It wasn’t even that late. But something made him unlock the phone and open his texts. He suddenly went very still, and sat on the bed again.
"Yeah," Dean said, as if this were a perfectly normal thing to remember. "I think you should look into it."
"That's it," Dean said, turning to look around the room.
Bobby leaned back in his chair and inclined his head curiously. “Removing barriers.”
Cas just keeps watching Dean. He looks away briefly when he needs another bite of his food, but for the most part, his eyes stay trained on Dean’s face. “What happened?”
"Dean?" Sam and Cas asked in unison.
"You have got to be kidding me," Dean said, sitting down and rubbing his forehead. "I have had enough time travel for one lifetime, thanks."
Okay, maybe Dean Winchester
“Well, I’m glad she could find a date for you.”
Dean wasn’t normal, not by a long shot, but he thought he was coping. He missed Sammy, tried to ignore the fact that his little brother was trapped in hell with two pissed off archangels. Lisa told him he shouldn’t blame himself, but he couldn’t help it. He should have found another way. He should have been able to protect his brother.
Cas sighed and looked back up at Dean. “It was dark,” he said. “All down the line of racks was light, and just opposite them was darkness.” Cas got a faraway look on his face. “When we finally got to that room, there was a clear line. Until we saw you.” He paused for a moment, glancing over at Dean for a split second before looking away again. “Your soul was so bright. We knew you’d broken some time before, but I still could have mistaken you for one of my brothers at first glance.”
If nothing else, Cas was there. Cas would make sure nothing went wrong. Or at least, Dean hoped he could.
“Cas, we’ve done some pretty shitty things to each other,” Dean pointed out. “Let’s call it a wash, yeah?”
“What did he say to you?” Sam had asked the question when Cas had gone to the empty, but Dean hadn’t given him an answer. And then with everything that followed - with defeating Chuck and getting Eileen back - there hadn’t been time for an actual discussion.
The three of them sat there for a while, watching the fire. The farm was at least a mile from the nearest neighbor, so it would be a long time before authorities were notified of the fire, especially since the night was overcast and the smoke blended in with the clouds in the sky.
to see Cas. The memories of Cas dragging him out of hell were still there, and he’d accepted that the nightmares would probably never go away, but all he wanted was to be close to Cas. He remembered when he and Benny had found Cas in purgatory, and how Dean had fallen asleep against Cas. That was all he wanted.
“You’re okay,” Dean says, the words coming out more as part of an exhale than as actual words. “I was worried about you. We all were.”
, he wouldn’t be going back.
No one was up by the time Dean walked into the kitchen, and he was still alone by the time he’d fed Miracle and had breakfast. Just as well. Let them rest. Dean scrawled out a note that he’d taken Miracle for a walk, and grabbed a leash, Miracle very patiently
“Jimmy needs your help again?”
Dean wasn’t sure he believed him, but he nodded anyway. Sam seemed sure. “Well, call if you need backup.”
But Cas? He’d been there to help. And Dean had thrown it back in his face in the worst way. But Cas stuck around. Dean hadn’t ever brought it up (he hoped Cas thought he had forgotten), and Cas hadn’t either, so Dean was prepared to let it drop.
“Sleep.”
"Dean, what are talking about, Sam is-" Cas started when he appeared. But then he stopped, narrowing his eyes as he got a better look at Dean. "You aren't this Dean, are you?"
He swallows.
"Sammy!" Dean yelled, running forward even though he knew it was pointless. Sammy was done, again.
“As long as you’ll have me,” Cas promised. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d left because he’d wanted to. There had always been some mission, some duty to attend to. But Dean was right. It was time to write their own ending. “And you promise me something.”
“What?” Dean asked, his brow furrowing in confusion. “It’s September.”
Dean doesn’t look ready to drop the subject, but he doesn’t push. “Kitchen? Fifteen minutes?”
Dean had, quite simply, had enough.
“Yeah.”
“I think that just means he likes you dude.”
"Probably," Sam said. "Doc here and I will meet you back at the motel."
Then the wolves came down- eight of them this time. The three new ones circled Sam and Beckett hungrily, leaning very close to them as if inspecting them. Dean momentarily forgot he was a hologram and tried to attack one of them when he got too close to Sam.
At first it had seemed like Dean just had a mild hangover, which happened enough that Sam didn't worry about it. But then he had reacted like he didn't know Cas, and that was impossible. Even if something had gone wrong between them, which Sam highly doubted, Cas would have wiped Sam's memories as well. He was thorough like that. He would have just disappeared, he wouldn't have left Sam knowing and Dean clueless.
Being in the Empty feels oddly like being anywhere else. Cas doesn’t
Dean took a deep breath. “Can’t believe you picked us.”
"Dean?" Sam asked, brow furrowed, as he descended the steps.
“Can I ask you a… personal… question?” Cas asks, making sure Eileen can see him ask. She politely pulls out her phone and starts scrolling.
The empty didn’t feel like any of those. It didn’t feel like anything. There was nothing to see, nothing to hear, nothing to touch. Dean looked down at himself, just to make sure he was real, and he found that he seemed to be almost… glowing. He was reminded of how Cas glowed from the inside out when he really cut loose with his powers, and for a moment he was lost in some memory.
“I don’t need details,” Dean says. He makes a face at Sam like it was something bad and huffs a laugh when Sam glares good-naturedly at him.
“Somewhere else?” Where else was there?
All of this was indisputably true.
Dean’s voice is close behind him, lacking the uncertainty of last time.
“Bacon is fine,” Cas agrees. As of yet, he doesn’t have very strong opinions on food. Coffee, yes, but not food. He sips his drink while Dean gets everything ready.
Dean nodded. “They’re on their honeymoon.”
“Hey, aren’t you supposed to be asleep?”
Sam and Eileen were laughing in the library, but Sam stopped when he saw Jack enter. He tapped Eileen’s arm and nodded toward Jack. Eileen smiled and waved when she saw him.
, Cas thought to himself. He felt almost giddy, but then reconsidered. The landscape around him was familiar; the entrance to the bunker was no more than a hundred yards to his right. But something was off. In the distance, he could make out a shimmering boundary. If he were a soul here, he knew he’d never reach the edge. As an angel though, stepping through would only take a bit of concentration. Cas glanced over at Jack beside him and cocked his head curiously. Jack looked different here. “Heaven?” he asked.
"Why do you ask?" Beckett asked, pretty sure he didn't want the answer.
There was a text from Sam, making sure he was okay. Dean replied that he was on his way back.
It takes Dean a moment to answer. When Cas doesn’t continue, he just nods. “I know the feeling. But we need you pal, so I’m here to get you.”
*~*~*~*~*
“And one more thing.”
The word snapped him out of his trance, and Dean was on his feet in a blink. Without a moment’s hesitation he was across the barn and he had Cas in a grip so tight that Cas was grateful he still had any of his grace left, for fear he’d have cracked a rib otherwise.
Dean jumps away from the wall, looking ready for a fight. When he recognizes Cas, his posture loosens. “You’re awake,” he says. He glances at Sam’s door, seems to weigh his options. He visibly comes to a conclusion and steps toward Cas. “I know it’s late, but are you hungry? Need anything?”
They stood there for a while - Cas wasn’t sure how long. Long enough that it was Sam’s voice talking to the children they’d saved that made Dean jump back. Dean’s eyes were wet, but he quickly scrubbed his hands over his face and steadied himself.
Al appeared from a room down the hall. "Good to see you back, Sam," he said.
“You should leave me here,” Cas said without preamble.
While everyone started piling into the car, Dean opened the trunk. Cas’ coat was sprawled there, just where he’d left it. He picked it up carefully, folded it. He’d washed it before he’d washed his own clothes when he and Sam had returned to the bunker; it wouldn’t do if he’d managed to free Cas from the empty, only to hand him back a dirty coat.
did he feel good) and now he just wanted to hear Cas’ voice again.
Dean wanted Cas back, even though he refrained from saying so when Sam asked him, “What do you want for your birthday this year?” Somehow he didn’t think he’d be able to play it off as so much of a joke. Instead he said they should take a day off from hunting and go for a drink and some celebration.
“That’s because you don’t exercise in the morning.”
Dean could feel the goofy look descending on his face again, but he didn’t bother to stop it. “You came just because you wanted me to flirt with you?”
“A couple of hours,” Cas said simply, like being out and about since four in the morning was just a thing people did. He found what he was looking for on his phone and turned the screen so Dean could see it.
"Then I hope, for all our sake, that it is fixed." Cas had a small sad smile on his face when he vanished.
Cas liked the message, probably just to show he’d gotten it.
“Sounds bad. Need help?”
Cas’ expression was a level kind of curious when Dean glanced over at him. “Sure Cas.”
With that, Cas turned his attention to Dean. He wanted to help Dean stand, wanted to heal his wounds and hold him and tell him that everything would be okay now, but he was stopped by the look on Dean’s face. It was hard to describe, hard to process. He was surprised, that was for sure, but he also looked lost, and hopeful, and terrified, and relieved, and, and, and… And Cas simply couldn’t make a move to him. All he could manage was a quiet, “Dean.”
“I did.”
They stared at each other for some time before Cas finally looked away, shaking his head almost imperceptibly.
Something was definitely different about the emptiness around him now. Dean had thought it might just be the silence getting to him, but he was sure. There was something, just out of sight. Just out of reach.
There was also the matter of Dean just plain not wanting to get a dog.
"Your guy isn't so bad," Dean told Al as they stepped back into the hallway.
"Yeah, I guess," Sam said, surprised.
Dean hums a question, turns, and vanishes.
“I’m still here,” Dean says, his voice low. His hand is still moving on Cas’ back.
Cas nodded. He divvied up the food and set a soda can in front of each of them. “And you?”
Sam seemed to be doing mental math. “Dean, I think you’ve spoken to him more in the last week than I did in the first month I knew him.”
Al hesitated, seemed to debate lying. He sighed, figuring it would be better to just say it. "Sam Winchester. Your brother. He gets hurt."
Cas grits his teeth.
“Oh. No, I don’t see him most days.”
Dean chuckles. He covers Cas’ hand with his own. “Yeah. Yeah, you can be happy.
Dean laughs. A relieved and delighted sound. The tension drains from around his eyes. “Good to see you buddy.”
Al watched him for a moment before saying, "I saw your friends."
“So it’s like when you first met him.”
Cas laughed. “You are.”
“Not going anywhere.”
There were a lot of reactions Dean might have expected here, but that wasn’t one of them, especially since Cas seemed so damn
It could have been hours, but was probably only minutes, later when Sam’s voice approached the barn again. Dean quickly released his grip on Cas, rubbing the tears from his face as he did so.
Cas’ face tightens, and he can see the concern on Dean’s face change to something bordering on panic.
“The Empty is using you against me,” Cas says. The creeping feeling slides up his spine. Any second now. “You come to rescue me. You tell me you need me. That you love me. That we’re family. And then you’re gone.” Cas might be crying in earnest now. He can’t be sure. “And then it starts all over again.”
Cas nodded.
Sam felt tears on his cheeks before he even realized he was crying. It wasn’t
"Well now I'm the one doing the negotiating."
Dean actually
“Having is
“Fuck, Cas, I can heal on my own.”
Then why does he still feel hunted?
“I mean it man, we don’t have a lot of time.”
"That's more important than the Apocalypse?" Beckett was a little confused by this. "This Dean guy is that special?"
That feeling of happiness is back, and it aches. Cas expects the Empty to reach out and reclaim him for it, but nothing happens. Dean just keeps looking at him. “I can be happy.”
And when Dean returns with two glasses of lemonade and hands one to Cas, the look is there too. Dean sits in the dirt and takes a sip, and Cas watches him, and something clicks into place.
“You invited him over?”
"What happened?" Cas demanded.
Dean grinned triumphantly. "Come get me when it's time to leap. I'll be here."
“Dean?”
“It worked,” Sam says.
"In the trench coat? He's fine too."
Cas takes a seat and stares at the plate. He remembers that brief time when he could actually taste his food, and the thought makes his mouth water. He had enjoyed food.
"So sometime between then and when I got back at around eight, something happened to him," Sam said.
“Just breathe, Cas,” Dean says. He’s kneeling beside the chair, a hand on Cas’ forearm. Jack is on his other side, a hand covering one of Cas’.
be his heaven, should he ever get one.
It was cool, a sign that fall was starting to creep up on them. The eastern horizon was turning a light blue, the clouds at that end of the sky starting to tint pink. Dean yawned and took a sip of coffee from his travel mug. Miracle sniffed the ground happily in front of him, not straining on the end of her leash, but definitely suggesting they should be moving faster than Dean was willing.
Cas just watches. Adjusts. He tries not to look away too much, that feeling of being watched lingering on his spine. Dean talks. Not about much, but he talks. It’s nice, to fill the silence.
“Clearly.”
“Coming back,” Dean says, not unkindly. He rubs Cas’ leg, just a little. “I’m not trying to rush you. I just want to know how you are.”
Dean’s grip on the wheel tightened briefly. “I’m fine.”
"Sure," Beckett said. "It's been a while, but I think I can handle holding some off."
“Thought you didn’t like bringing the tripod this early.”
Cas looks up to find Dean watching him. The open and expectant look on Dean’s face is almost painful to look at. “I’m sure it’s very good,” he says.
Cas dutifully picks up his fork and starts on his food. He can feel Dean watching him, but he keeps his eyes on the plate. It’s strange, to taste the sugar and the butter without them actually being sweet or buttery.
