They've set up shop in a couple of motel rooms joined at the center through joint double doors. Rowena plants herself at a tabletop in one of them, sifting through a number of ingredients for her part of the plan.
A dark haired man steps out, dressed 'sharp' in a casual suit and sporting a deep 5 o'clock shadow. He grins at Castiel, approaching with a hand out as if to shake in greeting.
Ain't that the truth. Dean can't even remember the last time he brought a chick home, much less tried for a
"Alright." John stomps heavily out of the office, two room keys in hand. He tosses one to Sam, "You take the angel. Me and Dean can bunk in this one."
Sam shouts, but then seems to calm himself into a steely resolve, "I'm not saying we weren't in it. We were. But... there was a long time there where doing
The fact that Dean doesn't see it himself is simultaneously a part of his charm and much too great a shame.
Dean fists his hands together in his lap, nails digging into knuckles.
Cas pokes the short stack, and watches the way Claire cuts off a piece with her fork before he mimics that action, too. She notices him copying her and smiles like she’s holding in a laugh.
"You seem spunky this mornin'" She beams, pouring water into the machine and turning it on. It gurgles to a start.
"You say come midnight, a Winchester dies? That'll be me."
Hell no. He's not handing that thing over. He's not gonna mess this up when things with Cas are finally- finally- going alright. When they're both alive and okay and- it's enough to just be in the same room as him. What kind of a selfish ass is gonna roll the dice on asking for more?
Sam slides onto the stool beside him, tugging out a pill bottle and rattling its contents before Dean can even finish the sentence.
He just- he
That earns him another snort from Sam, who finally quits and opts for keeping his eyes out the window. Enraptured by the thrilling type of tv that bland rolling hills can provide.
.” She snorts.
And the both of them? Yeah, for awhile they'd be messed up from losing him. They'd be devastated, there's no getting around that. But eventually? They'd be okay. Eventually, they'd move on.
Dean shoots Cas another text.
He tucks it back in his jacket, sheds off his trenchcoat and suit jacket in a rare moment of domesticity. Maybe it's the conversation, maybe it's just Cas feeling a bit overdressed for Dean's too-big pjs and dead-guy robe- but either way, the morning feels almost domestic in a way they've never allowed themselves to be together before. Like dipping their toes in a life not built for them. One where Cas might be in a suit before the sun's up cause he's gotten up bright and early for some job in the city and Dean's only up because Cas is and the ritual of morning coffee is an important one in the lives of people where nothing much else happens to them outside of this. Those lucky bastards.
Dean nods, rolling his eyes. He rubs a hand over his forehead, resting his face in his palm, "Oh, L.A."
But it‘s going in one ear and out the other…
And what are they even doing? Pushing and pulling every which way since the man's been back.
"You sure about that?" He grunts out, hard, trading a cold look with the angel.
Dean realizes then, they hadn’t even hugged since John got back. Not once. It’s been a decade since his dad pulled him in and hugged him… and against all the caution and all the fear that surrounds John’s sudden reappearance, this hits him
John shuffles sideways to the truck, and Dean raises his voice one last time.
Oh, so there
He shrugs, unsure what half of the story even meant, and looks back at her, "Why are you telling me this?"
He continues heavy-footed to the kitchen and grabs another beer.
It’s the worst thing.
Lily blinks, but doesn't say a word. Instead, slowly, she crosses the few feet to grab her eyepatch from the ground and gingerly string it back in place, all while scarcely taking her eyes from the dead angel splayed before her.
"He's already begun to forget himself. Everyone he's ever known, ever loved. Even you." The lady says, looking at his brother, "Soon he'll forget how to speak, how to swallow, and then... Dean Winchester's going to die."
He picks up a marker, starting to write something down.
"Yeah alright." He laughs too, but sobers, "Nah, I just- I guess I'm starting to get it. You know? It's starting to feel real... being free."
"Going to California" by Led Zeppelin - song Dean is singing
Cas his happiness? Is that the happy ending in the cards for him? He's Cas' happiness. That's a fact of the universe. It's the whole reason Cas was taken by the empty. Because Dean is his happiness. Or at least the root of it. And that's a lot. That's big.
Cas hesitates, voice a near whisper, "That's incredibly sad, Dean."
"Right…" He nods, but seeing Randy start to open his mouth again, cuts in first, "Excuse me."
"Yeah," Dean mutters, an apprehensive smile playing at his lips.
"We got him, huh?" John stares down at his hands clasped in his lap, speaking low.
"Hey." Dean smiles, specifically because no one else in the room is.
Cas' hand is still on Dean's chest, and Dean's so aware of it now he can do nothing to stop his heartbeat's fluttering uptick. He wonders absently how stern a prayer has to be to be a prayer. If Cas can just feel him laying here begging him to stay here all the time, always, without ever actually choking the words out. If he can tell that Dean's just laying here, thinking, in a brain covered in sleepy haziness and waning alcohol, about how nice it is waking up and seeing this stupid face right beside him.
Dean starts at that, "What made you move out to the middle of nowhere?"
he feels that way.
Dean: Whaddya know
"You..." He nods at Sam's phone, "What are you listening to?"
"I am." Dean answers absently and continues rolling down the last aisle slowly, keeping an eye out for the final couple of items.
He never wants to bring Dean that kind of pain again... but it had been necessary, he'd thought, in ending the fight. In getting Amara away from Dean. In keeping both Winchesters, and the world, safe. He will
and awaiting the return of Vince's bandmates. The receptionist assured they'd been expected back any minute now, and sure enough, the troupe of men- sans Vince- meander around the corner after not too long.
"Look at his face," Dean continues laughing, a deep-belly type, "Oh, kind of like the time when I are all your Halloween candy. You remember that? Classic."
Either way, they're both ruined now. Patch it up or not, the proof will always be there in the bones of the building.
"Sam?" Dean pats at his chest, "Hey."
Cas shifts again, eyes glancing over the entire room, thinking of anything- anything at all that could help. Any clue.
"You know Dean
He falls back into his seat, taking a deep sip of his drink on the way.
"What's the translation?" Sam asks.
Then again, if he really thinks about it... If this is real- the real deal- it's
Cas half-smiled, and nodded, setting the beer back on the counter. “I suppose you’re right. You might take your own advice as well.”
"There's also the question of how he knew where to find us," Cas mumbles from the backseat.
The reality of the situation is setting in more than ever.
"Again," Ketch pipes in, smug. The dick.
"The demon?"
"And now she wants revenge." Dean dips his head, finishing the rest for him.
Dean frowns at the other man, one hand still on the gun and keeping it lowered, “He’s a friend, alright.”
"You're not leaving
''Night."
Cas pauses a moment, hand still locked against Dean's chest. He opens his mouth as if to answer, but closes it again, eyes soft, searching Dean's face. It's one of those looks they exchange where there’s something they won't say it out loud.
"Are we not friends?"
"You're not an agent."
Cas: (smiley emoji with halo, hearts circling emoji, waving man emoji, waving man emoji)
. And God didn't kill your daughter.
Dean draws his brows, but Cas continues, determined to get this out, "I know that you've sought out inconsequential sexual relations in the past that existed outside of emotional intimacy, but I don't think that is something I can partake in... with you... with how I feel about you. So if you truly don't feel the same way, I'd like to stop... whatever this is."
But he doesn't say as much. What
"It's not hair rock, Dean. It's
"Good friend of yours was a vampire." Sam continues, eyes flicking to his brother when he can spare a glimpse away from the trail, "Another guy we know is a werewolf... Uh, then there's Cas."
She flicks her eyes hungrily between the two brothers, "So who's it gonna be?"
"Yes..." Cas squints, tilts his head, "What did you-"
Cas grabs a magazine from the table beside him, just to have something to stare at other than the floor while he mentally scolds himself with every terrible thought about himself and how this entire situation is his fault to begin with- when his phone buzzes in his coat pocket.
Dean turns his full body to the side, scooting forward and grabbing Cas' elbow to pull him closer. They're not touching, not completely. He hasn't gone in for a kiss or anything like that, all he knows is he wants Cas close. Closer than he's ever let himself get to him before. Closer than just friends touch each other. Maybe they'd never really been friends, because this feels too natural. It feels like they should've been doing this the whole time. It feels like they've been this much to each other from the beginning, but everything else in life just kept them apart and kept them from living in it.
He says it like something thought out. A conclusion he’d thought up earlier and waited on the right time to say it.
Dean and that Cas get to look at each other like... that. Dean sees the mess of food on his own face in the image and absently wipes it away here in the real world.
Dean's brain kind of fizzles out there. Like a loose wire hitting a puddle and the sparks fly out and everything goes dark for awhile.
“I told you before, I'd only let myself die if it was for or alongside you.” He half-smiles, clasping his hands together on the table.
be messed up from someone they care about coming back from the dead? And after ten years?
"We always figure it out." John nods to the bartender as his drink is topped off, and raises the glass to his lips, "Until then, we're doing our best."
"Castiel?" His voice is stiff around the name, like it's a curse to say it, "The hell do you want?"
They step into the garage and Dean crosses first, beelining for the pillar straight ahead. He flips the lights, and the overheads crackle to life. John blinks, adjusting to the light, his gaze landing immediately on the Impala to the right as Dean approaches it.
Sam chuckles, settling down in the chair opposite, "Good morning?"
He grabs Cas around the arm, heaving him to his feet. It's a slow process, and Cas has to claw at Dean's arm in return to even manage it, his body nearly falling against him, fingers gripping into the creases of his upper sleeve.
Sam takes a breath, lets it out, tone softening past that of a simple info exchange. Like he's trying to hold it together just to seem normal. If it's for Cas or just for himself, though, he can't tell.
Dean nods in agreement, "Alright. Yeah, that sounds like something. We should check it out."
"Sam, don't-" John orders, the same moment Dean hardens his own voice with a growling, "Let it go."
"Yeah," Sam pulls up a chair from another table, limbs gracelessly tangling over the back of it, "'Vince' might've told her to cut herself up, but she did it willingly. pure, fan-crazed obsession."
Come to find out, some of those things are what pushed Sam right out of his life in the first place. Ain’t that a kick in the teeth.
Cas scrunches his brows, head tilting, but doesn't say anything.
looked like. Cause it always
"Yeah." John interrupts, "But Sam and Dean were taken. We can get 'em back just fine, just need... some extra hands."
He weaves his way through the lobby to the side entrance, passing by the bar on the way... and a familiar voice pipes up behind him.
Dean grips the wheel, digging his nails into the leather, "Interpol might be a bit high for her blood. We got that chick's number, I say we head back to the bunker and put a trace on it."
Sam seems the most apt to put this entire ordeal to bed, and Cas can't exactly blame him. Lucifer may not be here directly because of him, but he too knows the horrors involved in hosting the angel. In fearing him and carrying the burdens.
a slap clean across his face, the hit jerking his head to the side.
What's his name? Scub? Scooby?
"Uh, sure," Sam nods, distracted, "I'm gonna introduce myself to a few people, I think."
“Don’t even say it, you made a deal first so don’t even pull that-”
Vince's sister lives a few hours outside of the city. From the looks of the GPS it's a small suburban neighborhood. Innocuous, normal. Crowley sits beside Cas in the passenger seat wearing a satisfied smile and watching the buildings pass in silence. A small blessing, that silence. Though short-lived.
John stomps forward then, diving down to the unconscious man, pressing two fingers to his neck, "What did you just do?" He demands, peering angrily between both men.
be. What it
"Geez, any of that actually make it into your mouth?" Claire laughs, pointing at Dean's mess of a face.
Max, beside her, croons, "I'll drink to that." Their glasses clink together.
. Just in... in general. People assume
"You ever consider he's makin' you think these things? Controlling you like a damn puppet?" John hardens his voice, "You even know all he can do?"
What’s that about?
And this song? It’s beautiful.
"You can try." Cas leans forward, speaking through gritted teeth, "There is very little that can kill me."
He hopes to god he didn't call him last night. Can't even check the call logs on his own phone to check. Cause... scratch Sam's pity, the
"That's n-" She stops, seeing the bible in his hands.
something. And when you have something, you can lose it. Just like that.
Heavy-footed as he makes his descent, the stairs echo with his every step. He inspects for any sign of Sam or the woman's presence, scanning the room. Of course the pair wouldn't still be standing where they had been, but...
The other two men reach for their own weapons- as good as Sam is, he's not about to disarm them both or go for the kill. He holds out his hands as both men step meaningfully towards him.
"He's a grown man, he doesn't need-"
" Cas instantly regrets asking it, because he answers his own question the second the words pass through his lips.
Then he gets to the steps leading to the next room and sees it... a small blood sigil marking the stone on the wall. The blood is still relatively fresh, or at least it hasn't dried completely yet. Someone was expelling angels within the past couple hours, but no one's in the library... It seems like no one's here at all...
She closes the distance between them a few steps, eyes softening only a smidge, "I'm not here to hurt you. I'm here to offer you mercy. A one-way ticket upstairs, away from all of this. Back with
So, he doesn't.
"I'm good. Don't really feel much like sleeping."
His brother breaks into a shit-eating grin, a laugh bubbling out. Rowena, too, beams.
Dean tries to bottle that up and shove it away on a shelf deep in his mind, but she's looking so earnestly at him, he can barely manage it. Plus, you know, it's Donna. She locks on his eyes a moment longer, raising her brows with a smile until she seems to think her words have soaked in enough.
"Yeah, sorry to break it to you."
the pain gone away?"
"Don't think I won't." He arches a brow, knocking back the shot without breaking eye contact. She, too, holds eye contact as she pours the next one- then, just like that, turns on her heel to focus on some other patrons down the line.
He kills the engine, gets out- John following suit. It's not until he gets to the door that he remembers he doesn't have his keys, but he tries it anyway and the front is unlocked.
They both laugh quietly at the understatement. Silence settles between them after that, the gentle bopping of music through the floorboards and a clock ticking in the kitchen the only ambient sound. Dean's own breath starts to even out, and he feels himself drifting closer to sleep. Cas shifts on the couch beside him, and the springs creak wildly again while he settles into yet another position.
Cas feels warm and safe and just wholly Cas against him. He smells somehow like the spring, like the outdoors. It kind of reminds Dean sometimes of the wind on a nice day when he’s driving Baby with all the windows down. Something like that and something else entirely
Another shaky breath.
"Oh, don't strain yourself."
Cas cuts into Dean's rambling, "You’re burdened from his choices."
you?"
John spins towards him the rest of the way, a tiredness to the movement, "That's
They're doing the staring thing again, and Dean knows they should stop. He knows this isn't the way two friends look at each other. He knows this is the way Sam looks at Eileen, or Claire looks at Kaia. It's the way two people look at each other when it's not just one person in love with the other, but...
"Oh." Dean drags his eyes down Ishim's meatsuit, voice even, "Well, you can go to Hell."
He tries the handle. Locked. He shakes it, pounding his shoulder against the wood but the thing barely budges.
"Do you remember that place Michael had you trapped in? In your head."
one, "I- I know we haven't had it easy lately. This thing with the devil's kid, and our crap with dad, and- and getting tossed into the West Guantanamo makes me wanna crawl into a bottle, too sometimes, but... dude, you're wrecked. And we got a case to work, so get it together, alright?"
"A gentleman." Dana says it flat, but smiles and winks, tucking the notepad in her apron, "You got it."
"Whoa-" Dean chuckles, grinning, trying to stop but still getting pulled by the hand, "Cool."
Dean grunts, clearly sitting up abruptly, to wake himself up a bit, "Yep. Yeah." He clears his throat. The metallic whine of the Impala door creaking open in the background, "Thanks for, uh, listening. Cas. You're... I appreciate it."
There wouldn't be many to have such an issue with Benjamin that would warrant his murder, but it's been so long since Cas has had contact with the angel that he decides to bring in the leader of their old squadron in the event his limited knowledge not be completely up to date. It's possible that Ishim, too, heard the open prayer from Benjamin the night before- it seems to only make sense to bring him in on the investigation. If this had been a murder of someone once under Castiel's charge, he'd want to know as well.
He’s glad at least that Dean seems in decent spirits today. Anytime he’s purely focused on food usually means his mood is improved.
Cas' trenchcoat is on the end of the bed.
"Yeah, but somehow," Dean swings his hands out in question, "She's still kicking ass?"
"That's not calm," Sam snorts, watching a pink light flash several times on the second floor, Rowenas chanting intensifying, "It's just... knowing panicking can make it worse, so you don't."
"Wait a second now-" He says, voice tense.
John must be absorbing all the information he can, not entirely believing it all but believing just enough to see that what's in front of him is real enough to keep on keeping on.
There have been a great many angels that have fallen in his time. Many, regrettably, from his own hand. Many more due to simple violence like this. But Benjamin... he kept himself out of all of this. He hasn't involved himself in politics for years. Not since the war. Especially not since The Fall.
So John knows how to kill Cas, no big deal. It's not like he'd do it. Not without reason. That's not how he operates.
If John Winchester could see him now... Dean shakes that thought from his head. He'd have gotten his ass beat on principle for kissing Cas... again. And letting vamps get the drop on him because of it too? Sloppy. Maybe he'd be right, Dean is going soft. Maybe that's not so bad, though. If he's going soft then at least he's not turning into his bastard father... something he's feared for years. He's seen it in himself before, too. In the way he talks to Jack sometimes. The way he treats Cas. That's his John Winchester side coming out, and it scares the hell out of him. But his family is more than John Winchester now, and he'll keep fighting that side of him 'til the day he dies.
Cas is silent a long minute, "Perhaps that's the point, then. This isn't a resurrection born of creating happiness- it's one to give you what you need most. And what you need most, Dean, might just
There’s this sinking deep in the pit of his stomach of something long gone. A part of himself he's grown out of and shed like old skin. The part that says
Dean stumbles his way to his feet, the words
He's trying to hold it together- still in the car with Dean- rage tempered but nearly bubbling over, quietly, silently. Somehow it doesn't feel right to freak out about it and get all emotional when Dean's not. But Sam's... he's...
"Every few months." He nods.
died. I thought... who knows what kind of... dirty, messed up
"That's not something Jack can fix?"
Claire: I hope you all make fun of him
Cas rolls his eyes, “I know she meant to make an uncomfortable parallel between us and the relationship in this film. I
Does Crowley just mean to hurt him? To taunt him with the fact that he had Dean, for however fleeting a time, in ways that Castiel never will?
It felt different with Cas and he knew why, but he just wasn’t ready to have that conversation with himself.
"Now!"
It’s another couple of hours before everyone who stayed the night gets up and attem. Dean’s never felt more like a suburban dad corralling the kids than he has this morning. Alex and Donna flit through the kitchen, tidying up the last of Jody’s pancake mess while Eileen scarfs down the remaining leftovers. A couple of people are running the showers cold based on how long the pipes have been creaking. It’s all wet hair, shouts to one another down the hall, and urgings back and forth to hurry up. Like something out of Home Alone. Dean secretly loves it.
Dean pauses, nodding a few times-
”No, when I was human I tended to stick to non-perishable foods. I didn’t have a stove so I seldom ate anything freshly cooked.”
"I'm not mad from some argument. I'm mad because he died
"Where else would you be?" It's a genuine question, but there's a moment of pause where Cas doesn't seem to know how to answer- and Dean gets it... like a slap to the face.
In canon we mostly saw Sam and Dean's side of things with a little taste for Cas and Mary. This time? We're stuck with just Cas, and a little bit of John.
"Women with their throats ripped out, the blood drained?" He turns forward again, "I saw it on the news and I thought, that's the sort of thing Sam and Dean would investigate. They would roll into town, save the day, kill the monsters. But with them gone..."
He tosses the phone on the bed and turns to the side table. There's nothing on top save for a lamp, but inside the drawer there's a very old, weathered bible beside a questionably older brochure.
"No. No, he- uh, he's already found a vessel. Someone by the name of Vince Vincente-"
of a single drop of blood. If he can fool himself for long enough to believe he'd be able to hear something like that. Surely there should be something. A sign of someone still standing, whoever that may be.
With Magda? Maybe they buried her close by the house, or burned the body and have her ashes inside.
”I’m not dead.”
but nice to you-"
Dean's not even sure his goal with it, so he just chuckles instead- an empty thing, “You get any urges to smoke the ganj and bed sorority houses?”
"I'm glad you're alright." John separates, holding Dean an arm's length away by the shoulder, "Isolation's a bitch, ain't it?"
It’s funny, Cas has known Dean for so many years, yet he’s still so frequently surprised by the man- and how truly striking and beautiful he can be. The way he sheepishly places the record on the table, keeping his eyes down, says, “This one sounds like you.” A redness crawling up his neck and onto his cheeks, and he swipes a nervous hand there, ducking his head away to busy with sitting at the desk. “Kind of. Reminds me of you, anyway.”
“I-“ he stops, “You were right. Azazel- he- he did something to me-“
Dean stiffens, "Yep."
He tries catching his eye, but Dean avoids it, instead keeping his gaze intent on the floor- a pink to his cheeks, fighting off a shy smile.
"That's a substantial promise coming from you, so I appreciate it." Cas grins broadly, and it hits Dean just then that he's hardly ever seen Cas as happy as he has been today. It's a good look on him. He wants it to last.
"Yeah, maybe. Who's Rowena? That's a weird name." he wanders a little further into the trees, not really looking at anything, so Sam lets him- until- "S- Sam. Sam!" Dean stage whispers it, pulling his attention.
raised you. You don't wanna be grateful, that's on you- that's fine. You don't have to be.
Dean swings around violently, "What's that supposed to mean?"
Dean shuffles from foot to foot, bracing, ready for the next steps in this tango- and the demon dives forward with the blade swinging right, left, right again. Dean manages to narrowly duck out from each slash. He's got the demon blade in one hand- he just needs
I don't even know if we can unless we all want to."
"You, Jody? You didn't tell us you were in a
"At least tell me you weren't just holed up in here alone all this time."
Not ideal but not terrible, either. He could get back and hopefully whoever blasted him away still has Sam in the same location. If they don't, he'll need to track them somehow. The woman was only a human, after all.
Sure, that sounds boring as all hell, but Sam doesn't have to act like Dean's got no interest in these things at all, or assume he won't know the gist of it. He's not the smart alec that Sam is, apparently listening to scholarly dissertations in his free time for kicks... but he could surprise him.
"Some of us are trying to eat, you perverts." Claire says pointedly, emphasizing with a rough bite of her toast.
Dean sighs, "Yeah, prob- wait, why?"
changed? What if it just didn't work out the way I wanted?"
, Dean can't help but smile. Donna and Jody, too, dance wildly, cackling at one another's loose feet and terrible moves. Several more bodies are scattered around in similar states of euphoria. Sam and Eileen aren't anywhere in sight, so hopefully Eileen finally dragged Sam's sloppy ass to bed. Dean nears the fire-pit again and finally finds Cas, sitting on a log, which wasn't there last he checked. Jack and Patience have taken Claire and Kaia's chairs, and laugh together about something while their marshmallows cook over the fire. Jesus, that kid must've had a hundred of those things by now.
But there were several flaws in that plan, the least of which is the distance between Indianapolis and Lebanon. If someone was dead or captured, how were the others to know until over half day's travel?
Kaia watches on with wide eyes, "It's not gonna run away, you know, you can slow down."
"Castiel..." Kelly pauses, taking a breath through the phone, "I can't do it."
It's probably the eyes.
He swallows down the second shot, eyeing the bull on the other side of the room.
He clears his throat, slowing his steps and nodding in front of them with a reluctant shrug, "They helped."
what kind of life you live.
"Oops, no." he tugs his wallet from the back of his jeans. At least he didn't lose
He frowns over at him, pausing with another chunk of waffle halfway to his mouth- and there's Sam with his hands clasped on the table with the face of judgment- a clear
John is eyeing him oddly, so Dean blows air out from his cheeks and settles down in the chair.
Dean.
Crowley switches gears to a lighter topic, but doesn't stop talking about nothing at all for the duration of the ride. At least he's not talking about Dean, but if it's not that it's a show that Cas has never even heard of before, or it's this one demon who can't do anything without Crowley's say-so and texts him incessantly. It's a spat he had with his mother the other day. It's a coffee barista he had a conversation with early this morning... None of it is of any interest to Castiel whatsoever, yet he continues to hear about
He shrugs, not really sure what to say to that. A part of him wants to deny his importance, but in doing so he'd also be deny Jimmy's. It's modesty, perhaps. Though a greater part of him thinks it's the knowledge of just how far off the edge he fell after those books ended. The things Claire doesn't even know about.
Cas raises his eyebrows and looks at him, “Actually, yes.” He goes back to his meal, grinning. “That lasagna had far too many flavors. This is very good, actually. Thank you.”
"There's nothing
Subscribe if you haven't already just so you can know when the next chapters pop up.
But he did love Cas. Dean just wasn’t good at this. He never had been. He was still a coward for not saying it to him, but it meant something else to Cas anyways. Cas loved them all like his family, which they were. Dean just loved him more than that. He hoped even a fraction of that would translate into this gift.
Lily's lips quirk to a half smile, as if to say,
"Okay, did you... did you call anyone? Did you... I don't know, where were you grabbing burgers from?"
"Good one." Sam snorts, breaking out into a laugh. He leans against the hood of the Impala, peering around the lot while waiting for dad to park a few spots down, "Cas here yet?"
Rowena's chanting is faint, just barely drifting down the stairs. Logically, he knows Dean's in good hands- that if
"Yeah, well. Wrong intel." Dean nods, stiff, tone flat, "Wasn't his fault."
"Thanks." Dean mutters, adjusting in his seat.
Sam: Try Planet Earth
"Yes," Cas sighs, rubbing at his temple.
"Yes." He sighs, and drops his hand, his ill-ease towards Rowena reigniting, "Where is Sam?"
Sam turns to him, voice lowered and filled with concern, "Dude, you alright?"
"There must've been at least some truth to the dream, I imagine."
The crowd screams in response, a mess of hoots and hollers and shouts of adoration.
Cas: (car emoji, smoke tuft emoji, truck emoji, detective emoji)
Dean and John stand in the middle of the thrum of bodies, Sam apart from them but still listening in on their huffing shout match. People collide with their sides, their backs, knocking them to and fro like an untethered tide. They don’t lose their footing, letting the crashes happen.
And there’s the brunt of it that’s even more than that- the wondering if angels can truly love, can they
him to stay. And even now, after everything... John still doesn't care enough to take those words, pocket them, and think maybe he should listen.
"Okay, first- Sam named it that. Second," He pauses, trying to find the words, but notices Jody end her call and turn to approach them. "it just
"Enjoy!" She grins with a wave, picking up the last plate on the counter and walking it to the back corner. Neither of the men turn to look over, but the girl seems grateful enough for the food from the small mumblings that Cas overhears. At least she doesn't leave without eating it.
"On what?"
He has a sudden urge to throw his phone in the bushes.
"Yeah, demon got him." He nods at the limp body at the bottom of the stairs.
”Interesting.” He says, and scoops up another bite drenched in more syrup.
"That's just desperate, Cassie." Crowley shrugs, readjusts his shoulders and peers back at the newspaper in his lap, "If you're going to be
Texts from Cas to Eileen (3:55 PM)
"Everyone dies."
He considers, not wanting to bring any of the girls into this lest it not end well. They'll resent him for it, maybe- assuming things do turn out poorly. But at least they'll be alive.
Dean searches his face solemnly, eyes dragging down every feature, pausing when Cas' tongue darts out to wet his lips. His brows are furrowed, a couple of loose strands of black hair falling very near his eyes.
"Well, it helps that he's not in D.C." Dean nods at his computer, "He's, uh, actually on a fundraising swing through the Midwest. Looks like his whole party- aides, Secret Service, the whole circus- is staying at an estate owned by Ron Forester. That, uh, hedge fund zillionaire. Outside Indianapolis."
"I'm sorry, I just... I need a minute." Kelly says, rising from the table.
It's something. A mild kind of admission that's not nearly enough, but clearly all they're gonna get.
”Why?”
It's the first time he's heard his voice in days.
,” He mutters, one hand rubbing the back of his neck, and backs up until the back of his legs hit the desk chair, “Kind of. Reminds me of you, anyway.”
"You good?" Dean asks.
Wendy shifts, shuffling her feet, opening and closing her mouth in quick succession.
Jesus, it's been fucking
"Who are you gonna believe?" he demands, raising his brows indignantly, "Your
Enough times he started just pick-pocketing the passed out old drunk for cab fare when there wasn't a bus around to take them.
as Cas' pillow is placed gently beside Dean's head. The angel shifts, too, slowly sinking to lay in the empty space left between dean and the couch. He seems careful not to touch Dean at all, just settling beside him mere inches away. Dean can feel his eyes on him.
Dean steps up in front of Sam, glaring down at the duo, "I guess this is where we're supposed to say thank you."
Dean: Trust me
Dean beelined for the kitchen, and didn’t realize Cas was right behind him until he’d cracked open a beer and took a sip, the cool air of the fridge seeping up the back of his shirt.
"-ther." He stares at the wooden panel inches away and sighs, turning to Crowley, hopeful, "Do you think that happens to Sam and Dean?"
"Rough night?"
"Yeah," Dean shrugs, stepping over a log with a kind of wonderment in his eyes he's never once seen before, "Any good guys? Mermaids in seashell bikinis? Genie in a lamp?"
The world is quiet around them. There's the mumbling words of conversations outside of their little bubble, and then there's the crickets in the field behind them. There's the wind that rustles the grass, and the creak of the folding chairs when someone adjusts their seat, and there's laughter, and there's a song from sometime in the 60s, muffled in the distance and crooning about love.
like the yoga pants, though. When was the last time we were in L.A.? About ten years ago, doing a vengeful spirit? Man, that seems like forever ago. Doesn't it?"
Dean kicks the toe of one boot in the dirt anxiously, probably thinking about Sam. Without anything to do with his hands, all Dean does is overthink, torturing himself with
"Frenemies, then." Crowley tugs Cas to a stop in the middle of the lot, just a few strides away from the motel office where a very bored looking receptionist flips through a magazine absently, not even noticing them.
John whispers, a smile playing on his lips, "I bet I won't have to look much further than that trunk for what can, though, will I?"
Can't help it, her voice is all silky and soothing-
"Randy. Randy Bull." The other guy at the table says, taking Dean's hand next, "Ah! Watch out for the horns, right?" He jokes, holding his hands up as faux horns on his forehead.
Sam blinks, "Uh, the mother of Lucifer's love child?"
"An angel, Akobel. He'd only been sent to Earth to watch over the humans, and to learn. I suppose he'd been down here too long. He- he'd taken a human wife.
"Of course." He nods, and tugs out a small menu from his apron, placing it tenderly in the center of the table, "I'll give you a few minutes."
that was glad John was gone. That, hell, even felt free because of it.
He files the letters and the contact note back in the bottom of the drawer, but only after copying down Eileen's information to his own phone.
"The King of Hell and his mother, the witch?" John scoffs out a hardy chuckle, "Hope we can do better than that."
"Sam?"
Sam smiles, weak, hesitant, looking back at Dean who plasters on a grin and sweeps his hands out, tilting his head in agreement, "Family hunting trip."
It was by the bottom of the bottle of his fourth beer that Dean was on his feet again. And he was outside of Castiel’s door. A tv mumbled softly from the other side. Dean knocked.
showering Cas with small touches through the day. Touches that had been built up over a decade of longing and
For all her bravado, and her certainty behind a bravely raised chin- it all drops as soon at the cover singes beneath her palm. She tears her hand away and the thing catches flame in the indented remnants of her print.
"Okay."
He recognizes the signs. It's a case Sam would've picked up days ago, rushing into the room with articles pulled up. interviews, suspects, autopsy reports...
"Cas, I- I thought you said Rowena got some licks in? Shouldn't he have burned through his vessel by now?" Sam asks.
Dean crosses his arms on the tabletop, giving a small smug smile to the angel across from him. The woman angel sits on the edge of the table across the way, no more amused than the first guy.
They keep the radio off for another hour, still, and drive through the night.
Never has a car-ride felt as long since he's lost his wings.
Bobby...
His hand's shaking as he grabs at it, and needs to bring a second one over to steady the glass. Sam might help with that, he's not really sure- he's just focused on gulping down the liquid- knowing, at least, okay, he can still swallow.
their only option. Alongside the Book of the Damned. Again.
Dean just nods at that, his eyes starting to sting. He clears his throat and slaps on a smile, "Well I'm glad you got yours."
Cas takes the menu, pointing to the first sandwich on the list before handing it back, "Turkey Club, please. Thank you."
He and John lock eyes, both stone-faced, waiting for the other to back down from whatever argument they seem to be in the middle of.
He shakes his head, staring out at the lineup of bottles on the opposite wall, seeing himself in the mirror there. Just a man.
He holds up a hand, firmly placing himself in the chair, "Better than that rock you've got down the hall- and 's not like I'm gonna be sleepin' in it. So just shut up, take your damn shoes off, and lay down."
Dean, however, is simply standing still- swaying on his feet a bit- and looking aimless with a soft, confused smile. His head bobs from looking at each Cas and Rowena periodically. He raises his brows when Cas meets his eye again, smile spreading.
TW this gets a bit more violent than canon, so be prepared for that one. Idk if it actually needs a tw but I figured I’d put one anyway just in case.
"So what are you gonna do if you find Kelly and, uh, Lucifer Junior?" Dean clears his throat, unwilling to further this feelings hour so either of them gets a whiff of what's in his own head, "It is a Nephilim, right?"
She'd sauntered up so self-assured and cocky... Billie's finally winning a round- and she's far too pleased to be witnessing it.
Maybe it's another case of Cas being simply too optimistic for his own good. Seeing the good in a situation where none should be seen.
o, what, you latch onto my boys and think you mean something to them? You’re just some creature playing at something you’ll never be. Things you’ve done-”
possible shoving he can do- he does.
Crowley puts on a smile, and says, "No."
She takes in a ragged breath, sharp through her nose, starts to turn to the stranger on the stairs-
The walls closing in, thinking you hear whispers where there are none, the silence so bad sometimes it feels like you're stuck in the middle of an airhorn. Sometimes he'd pray, and he'd almost convince himself he could hear Cas talking back. Which he knew wasn't possible, so he knew by then that those four walls were already toxic, spreading their poison of insanity more and more each day.
out," He motions to Cas, then grins, tapping his dad on his chest, "You're our secret weapon. I'm not back in ten,
“Cause I don't know
"It's kinda like you're in a straight to DVD buddy comedy over there." He smiles.
“Yes.”
Dean: I don't wanna know
"Right. Right." He nods, the memory flooding back, "Yes, the devil baby mama drama." he chuckles, "Say that five times fast. Devil baby mama drama."
"You got a dessert menu?" Claire asks.
What if they left out the back? Could've pulled a blade on the guy, threatened his two human pals out front and he'd waltz off with them willingly. The idiot.
Alex next, "Are they together now?"
He knows that’s not what Sam’s on about- they both kind of know it- much as he means the sentiment either way. But he’s just not ready to think deeper as to why the conversation started in the first place.
There’s just a heaviness attached to all things dad. A responsibility. A lot of shit he’s tried really hard to forget about and a whole lot more that he can’t. Shit that never should’ve been on him in the first place.
"Alright, Dean," Sam sighs, pocketing his cell, "Dean, you know, uh, you had a good run but maybe let's pump the brakes a little bit. I mean, you're not 20 anymore."
end up like Asa. Their stories will circulate through a few more hunters for a few more years, and then those'll die too. They'll be the guys that saved the world, once. A long time ago. And then that'll be that.
Angels don’t cry. They can, but they just don’t. It’s not a useful artifact of their body’s functions. Generally, it’s suppressed the same way strong emotions are. The same way urination is, or aging, or taste, or sexual arousal. Anything human about their bodies is simply a choice of expression.
You still think you need to be the one to fix everything and take care of it so your brother doesn't have to. But neither of you are kids anymore, and you deserve to be heard, too." He twirls the yellowing leaf in his fingers, sets it on the ground, "You can't hold everything in, always, and expect to be okay- just because you want to keep the peace in your family."
"How close are you to Colorado? Rocky Mountain National Park, specifically."
His eyes drop to his hands, squinted in thought.
"Meaning
That's all he's got. It's all he is.
A figure pads into the kitchen from behind and Dean turns, met with the face of an angel, dark locks of wet hair tangled loosely on his forehead with bright blue eyes shining below. The borrowed clothes hang loosely off his frame, though tug more snugly around the shoulders than Dean's. Underneath that trenchcoat, Cas sure has been holding something back. Those clothes really never did do him justice.
"Hey." Dean takes it, giving him a firm shake.
Dean opens his mouth, closes it again a couple times before his voice will even come out as a whisper, "What's wrong with me, Cas?"
All else aside, Castiel is trying very hard to give the man the benefit of the doubt for Dean's sake. He
was the angel to pull Dean from the pit. He's thankful to watch over him, to care for him- whereas it appears no one truly has before. He has Sam, of course, but even there Dean has always cared for Sam slightly differently than Sam has Dean. He'd raised him, after all.
"Maybe Lucifer found a way to heal his vessel." Cas agrees.
She steps forward. It's not the same woman as from the phone, this much he can tell. Same grouping, based on the overconfidence and prissy accents, because it'd be just too big a coincidence otherwise.
"Wrong answer. You're done."
It's not a bad idea, though. If they don't get anywhere with the footage now, maybe he can download the file and forward it to Eileen. She might be able to capture a few words they can't.
Gail leans forward, eyes straining, and cuts him off, "
would probably top the charts on the list of shit that can. A whole "natural order" type schtick. It'd be pretty classic for one of them to fall into a pit like that.
It's bad enough when the "Winchester Gospels" pop back on the radar, but it seems like there's a hell of a lot more stories circulating about them than he's very comfortable with. There's a lot of bad shit in his past- in all their pasts- that's better as water under the bridge, not swapped across campfires like an urban legend. Like that shit was a movie-
"Tell us about the Petersons." He says, holding the phone up on speaker.
found.”
Dean: it's been like a day
He takes another deep swig from his beer, not entirely sure he wants to hear the answer.
Dean nods, growing more urgent, “I’ll tell you everything, but where is Sam?”
“Well that’s not a shock.”
know- another tilt in the scales of considering maybe Dean has some kind of brain damage that gets activated by... binge-drinking? Can that even happen? He'll have to look into it.
"Alright," Dean twists in his seat and nods to Cas, "Stay here. We got this."
Another body is found at dawn. Fresh, out back of a nice corn farmer's barn. She couldn't have been gone more than an hour before the poor old man found her and puked up his breakfast next to the body.
"Right, so, man, you gotta know..." He eggs on, nodding meaningfully, "Right?"
Dean: Give the man a cigar
Dean looks up, “Guy gave you a shiner for your troubles?”
Crowley sighs, pursing his lips and, finally, shrugs, backing away, "Can't say I didn't try. I'll be back in the morning,
The drive to Sioux Falls from the carnival is a couple hours less than Lebanon, so they're all headed there to recoup for the night and cool down. Jody's gonna make a few calls in the morning, see about any trails of bodies those vamps might've left. Donna, Claire, Sam, and Eileen are gonna head back out first thing to poke around and see if there's not still more to the nest somewhere close-by. Dean and Cas pulled the short straw and got sidelined, tasked with dealing with the bodies and waiting for a call if there are in fact more vamps lying low and backup is needed.
"A light st-" Sam's frown deepens, and he throws his head back, moving to the table, "Alright, we're gonna get you some help."
Sam turns to Beth, "So how well did you know Olivia?"
With the corner of his eye, Sam catches Cas find his footing, angel blade slipping from his sleeve. John pulls out his own, eyes not waning from Lucifer.
"Alright. Alright..." Sam softens, grabbing the keys to the Impala, "We're retracing your steps. And I'm driving."
"Is that gonna be a problem, old man?" Claire asks, grinning. Kaia snorts, like there's some inside joke between the two of them that Dean's not privy to.
Dean clears his throat, nodding for Cas to take the back seat, "We should go."
Don't back down from a fight, and definitely don't do it with your head down.
John continues anyway, a hardy chuckle bubbling up from his chest, escaping through a grim smile, "Why- why the hell you still-"
"Yeah!" Dean grins and slaps Jack on the back. "A little one on one bonding, huh?"
Cas must look surprised at such a concise description because Dean just rolls his eyes at that, taking a final bite of his burger, "Hey, I can be... introspective."
"The blonde woman that you drove yesterday," Cas steps forward slowly, stopping in front of Jamie, mere inches from his face, "What was her name?"
Cas probably wouldn’t even know how intimate it was. Part of Dean hoped he wouldn’t. At least not all the way. So he got started before he could even consider talking himself out of it.
Sam nods in thanks, staring down at the thing, finger tapping on the side of his beer like he's figuring out quite what to say.
, a lot would’ve ended up better in the long run. I mean, Lilith... the apocalypse... Maybe he was right, you know? About... Magda...”
Soft. Bouncy.
"Yes."
"That's a very kind sentiment, but... there are some things that simply can't be forgiven."
It's Loraine tilting forward and raising her voice to greet the new body when he actually takes notice. Smelling the leather and diesel with the faintest whiff of whiskey stained breath and clothes soaked with cigarette smoke so deep it won't wash out anymore.
Cas doesn't truly follow anyone anymore, but he could use some help being pointed in the right direction.
Sam's eyes dart to Cas, eyes wide, cogs working behind them. He turns back to Ketch, "What about a, uh, possessing angel?"
Tentatively, Dean asks, thumbing his hand to motion back the way they came, "Was that a grenade launcher?"
It all reminds him of the conversation they'd had just as they were leaving the hotel mere hours ago,
"Yeah, sorry about Elvis. He's, uh... Elvis." Red-head shrugs, and holds out a hand, finally, "I'm Bucky Sims."
Cas loves this routine of theirs- it's one of the only upsides to not needing to eat. Especially after today. He always knew that Dean would eat little as a child, and sometimes go hungry. But to know he had a routine for it? That it was likely
"It's not like I just turn into a boring small-town sheriff when you guys are gone." She shrugs, shoulders high, "I do stuff. Shouldn't be surprised that I'd enjoy the company of a ruggedly hot man."
"It's you, it won't be."
"What are we gonna do?" Dean asks the room.
Kid needs to chill out. It's not like this is a big deal. He's fine, he's safe. Memory's a little shot, but it'll bounce back.
Jesus, he's just standing frozen in the middle of the room watching Cas and getting utterly too emotional about it while everyone else dances around him to find a seat. Jack plops down crisscross beside the coffee table, Jody takes the chair, Donna squeezes in beside Cas on the couch, and the rest stay around the table. Cas pats the empty space beside himself and looks at Dean with a small smile just for him.
A shake of his head, then he chuckles to himself, grinning, "It's like watching myself on Netflix."
Trenchcoat billowing at his thighs, the man drops Dean's hand and charges into the house- the thick wooden door clanking heavily against the wall behind it. Dean's hot at his heels, that gun clasped between his fingers growing heavy and slick with sweat.
They roll up to a nice two-story brick home, vines crawling up the sides and roof, with manicured shrubberies out front. There's a red garage off to the side, which seems to connect to the house through a first story hallway. It's a little rundown, but if Bobby's house had been the nicest thing a hunter could've owned, this place blows his out of the water.
"And we know you're pregnant with his child." Rowena nods empathetically.
A moment passes between them.
Cas offers a smile and nods on his way out.
up with a woman. Which Cas hates, but he never says so out loud. Less because of the discomfort of intimacy and moreso because he doesn't want to lead anyone on or make them believe he's interested when he's very much
Can't be.
"Yes."
"Sam-" He cuts him off, brows still pinched, "People have used Dean as they've seen fit his entire life. Or if they haven't, they tried.
that Cas could get up to. He’s only cool with, what, five people in the world? The rest either want him dead, or don’t give two shits if he
John settles in the chair with a grunt, "A few of my contacts are dead, the rest mostly retired and out of the game. Had a couple of guys running on loose intel but they've got nothing. I'm starting to think these brits are less government, more underground."
"I'll text you the address."
He draws out Cas' name in a berating tone, "Even
Dean raises his brows, nods, "Huh."
He groans, twisting slightly to the side until he feels a light
”Let me-“
be okay with it.
Cas sighs, picking at the corner of his pillowcase with his free hand, "If you're just indulging me, then please-"
to be going for the kill just yet, but that's absolutely nothing to rely on.
The drive
"We don't wanna kill you." He clarifies.
"I don't care about you one way or the other. I'm not an ideologue."
doesn't want to get wind.
circling through his mind over and over and over- each thought on what exactly that could mean being worse than the last.
Elka tilts her head in mock deliberation, "Would, but, if I knocked one back with every guy in here that made that same offer, I'd be dead on the floor. Gonna have to try a 'lil harder than that to make yourself stand out."
"Yes. Exactly."
Dean peers down at it, noting the very Men of Letters fashioned diligence to its scribing, "Alright so what have you found on Her Majesty's Secret Suckbags?"
“Well, we didn’t catch Lucifer, but we did save the crowd, so I’m gonna call that a win.”
a way.
Eileen facetimes him today. She's beautiful and optimistic, and he's not sure why she even called but he starts to get the sense it's just to check on him. Which is nice. It's so very human.
Dean searches Cas' face in silent communication, as though asking if he’s good with this. His eyes soften on Dean's and he nods back.
Dean.
Cas approaches the makeshift tent and crouches down to sit beside Dean’s face, cross-cross applesauce. Gently, carefully, the angel reaches out a slow hand to brush the tendrils of locks from Claire’s cheek, clearing her mouth where she smacks her lips together and breathes out a soft snore in response. He looks at her so adoringly, it's almost painful.
"I- I didn't, uh... I hung up."
Bucky starts for the kitchen, "We gotta light some candles."
Wordlessly, Cas reaches out an arm and presses two fingers to John's forehead- the swollen, purple wound on his left eye shrinking down to nothing but pale, tired skin.
"Yep. Yeah." He pauses, shifting in his seat, maybe to lay down because there's a lot of grunting and vinyl seats scraping beneath skin involved, "How's the hunt for the devil?"
Claire: Books?
That's the difference between he and Sam: Sam still has hope that it won't.
Dean smiles, hands twitching nervously inside of his pockets, and lets out a breathy laugh, "That's- don't do that."
"Yeah," Sam grins, turning the key. He stretches an arm along the seatback and peers over his shoulder, backing out, "If Dean didn't keep pretending he doesn't watch all those soap operas, he'd probably let you watch them with him. Same kind of deal as those things."
enough. Stupid as that sounds.
Finally he opens his eyes, raking in a breath at the same time, "There's been a massive surge in celestial energy..." his eyes flicker about the room, sorting through the mass of voices layering one over the other in his head, "A Nephilim has come into being... the offspring of an angel and a human."
Because dying is the fucking easy thing. Laying your life on the line and fighting the fight that has to be fought, that’s easy. But fucking
Unable to tell if that means Dean actually remembered that or not, he moves on, "Yeah, pretty... uh, neat."
Cas: Crowley please
. Lucifer. Do you get that? He'll brush through a mess of hunters like-" snaps his finger, swipes his hand flat in front of him, "nothin'. Then what?"
He knows exactly how his face looks right about now, how his hands wring in his lap and foot taps absently until he notices or manages to gather his thoughts and the resolve to voice them.
have something like that made-up life in his head.
soul, did you do so expecting to burden Sam? Or assume a certain amount of gratitude?"
And John just killed her without hesitation. Without even trying to save her.
"What am
"I'll follow up with Lemmons-" Crowley shoves his hands in his jacket, head high, "I can be...quite persuasive."
"Ah?" He grins.
There are some things he experiences the same as them. Emotions is one, if he focuses on it. Otherwise he can make them go away, or at least suppressed into a tiny corner of his mind.
Cas doesn't know. He can't imagine what kind of "good" hunts there could be as children with their father, trained to kill things when barely old enough to understand death at all.
Maybe he
John nods, gait heavy as he heads that way. He has no parting words or even a glance for Cas, not that he'd expected one. Nonetheless, Castiel notices his mild limp and doesn't want to miss a chance to win John's favor even a small amount.
not enough.
"Kelly..." Sam catches her eye, "We need your help."
And, well, isn’t that the gist of it? Because if Cas cares about him so much, what does that mean? It bodes terrible for Cas- the angel broken down and fallen because of a guy like him.
Eileen: I'll hit up some contacts and keep in touch
"Okay, got it. I'm on my way."
"What the hell, give me a shot of your favorite tequila-" Dean winks, egging her on to finish that sentence with a name.
"Dean." Cas grumbles, sighing through his name. He halfway to side-eyes him before turning to Lily, a heaviness returning to his shoulders, "
have more integrity than that."
"Um...talking on the phone?" Cas asks hesitantly. He hadn't thought it was weird.
"Alright, help him," Dean says, feet already swinging outside the car. To better get to the passenger seat, Cas exits on the opposite side, where Dean circles over to take a look at the damage. The entire right, back half of the car is warped and mangled. He throws out his hands, because of course.
Dean sips his own, looking at no one. “Yeah, well, yours was temporary, his wasn’t.”
Instead, she tosses up her right hand, high, flat. A yellow light leaks out from the center of her palm, accompanied by a high-pitched sizzling that only grows alongside a rapid, blinding brightness.
They take the turn onto the main drag, and neither feels the need to fill the silence much.
Maybe Cas
"Without backup?" He quirks a brow, frowning.
Cas: I'm sorry we had to be introduced under such circumstances
Cas sighs, clasping his hands together beneath his chin, saying- almost only to himself, "I don't understand..."
"Still... a bit unprofessional."
”Claire recommended a movie. She emphasized it may be of particular interest to you.” He says, then nods, tacking on as an aside, “I'm not so sure... but it
He's slow to close his eyes against it, not wanting to let her use this to shield from her movements, but it gets to a point he can't take it anymore- and squeezes his lids closed.
"Uh, well, nothing... much. He's been making his calls, I've been doing my computer thing- just kind of-" He waves his hand in the air as if to fill with a word he can't find.
They go months without touching each other at all sometimes. Maybe Cas doesn’t like to be touched. Maybe it’s not his thing. He sure liked it with April and Meg... Or did he? Maybe not. Maybe his whole thing is just eye contact. Looking deep into the soul and all that. Like Vulcans with their whole hands thing. Cause Cas is basically an alien, too. Dean doesn’t even know what he really looks like. He could have four heads and sixteen eyes for all he knows.
As soon as Dean's boots touch down, Sam barrels forward, arms locking around Dean's shoulders and nearly knocking the both of them over.
The man's been on good behavior since returning home- playing nice, hitting the books, and most of all trying to fix things with Sam. Still doesn't mean he's all that happy about the angel/demon roadtrip teamup of the century.
He holds up the frame, lowers it, looking to Gail, "Happy family."
Dean slams the trunk and just looks at him. Jack grins like he finally figured out this conversation and is silently happy with the results, while Dean feels like he was just brain-picked by a four year old and has even less understanding of what to do.
It reminds him again of the other night, Cas intent on that one movie for this very same reason. Not understanding why humanity’s got a self-imposed masochistic complex when it comes to the shit that goes on in a person’s pants and behind bedroom doors.
But Cas is right, too. It's not something he can just write off and get over. He and John... it's complicated and messy, sure. But it's fixeable.
He doesn't need to confirm it. They quiet after that, but the jovial nature of the morning isn't lost. Before long, he's dipping the bread in the egg concoction and laying out pieces for Donna to then take and sizzle on the stovetop. She starts a story about a time her auntie made french toast for her and her cousins as a kid, resulting in the dog somehow eating half of it and-
As much as he's thought in the past that he'd be able to
(Today: 1:56 AM)
He nods, eyes roaming outside the window in her absence.
”Have a little spat with the in-law?” Crowley smiles, “I do
The first few months after Cas got back from the empty, he and Dean split their time between the bunker and Sioux Falls, but as soon as the house was mostly finished they moved here full time. Sam and Eileen stuck around the bunker, though, and they've turned the place into a full-fledged hunter waypoint. They hunt on occasion when something turns up, same as he and Dean, but mostly they just man the phones and front the research for the younger hunters still on the road. Dean called them the "New Bobbys" for awhile, though when Sam pointed out that Dean is the new Ellen they cooled and all poured one out for their fallen friends. Now they're just Dean and Sam, no new anyone because no one can quite fill the shoes of the ones they've buried.
"I noticed you didn't have any earlier." Cas says, looking back at the fire and poking his gooey stick at the logs.
"Hey, dad." He mumbles, words muffled into his shoulder.
"Do you... what do you want life to look like in the future?"
“Uh, no, I’m on vacation mode for at least a week. Just beat God, remember? I think that earns me a bit of R&R.” Dean stands to grab the coffee pot.
An innocent girl.
"If you wanna hit the hay, just pick a room. There's plenty." He waves on his way out. John says nothing, already pouring his next glass.
like him? Dean knows it, he knows John is never going to. He's never gonna warm up to him because Cas is a monster and monsters always go dark-side.
Dean fixes him with a dry side-eye, "Hilarious."
"I made a list, if you and Cas want to-" Sam starts.
"He's-" Cas shifts uncomfortably, hands clasped in his lap, "He's away on... business."
”No, I’m not. Says who?” He snorts, playing it off, and shoots Sam a look, which seems entirely lost on his brother.
you get there in time?
"What about sulfer?" Dean prods, "Did you smell, uh, rotten eggs?"
“I think you trusted me more than you were willing to even admit to yourself back then. I, of course, always trusted you. It was faith in myself that I had trouble with. Not everyone will be as open-minded to change as you or I.” Cas looks back up at the sky, a shooting star catches his eye just above the horizon. It's a childish fantasy to see the power in one of those. He thinks up a wish anyway.
Dean sighs, gently smacking her hand away. He picks apart another piece of fried dough and combines it with some fries from Cas' plate beside him, "It's not like that."
Keeping his voice low, but not outwardly yelling, he calls, "Sammy?"
“Yeah, well… that guy’s in here somewhere.” Dean taps a finger on his temple.
The doors creak out that familiar metallic chorus as they both climb in the front, slamming them one after the other.
burdens.
He swings his face around, "Who's Dean?"
He accepts them quietly, because what’s a fallen angel without a little sin.
He slaps down a few bills, scrubbing a hand on his forehead as he turns. Jesus, it's fuckin bright-
"Castiel, it's me." the message said, "I'm handling the thing in Missouri."
Dean pauses, taking in the angel next to him. "You didn't do anything wrong, Cas. I've been the dick." Why did Dean sit so close to him? Their sides are practically squashed together, and there's a hell of a lot of bed space in either direction he could've spread out on instead. But Cas is just nice to be near. The warmth on his side a reminder that he's really here and really alive. "That's why I was trying to find you- set things right."
Makes him wonder, back at that hotel room in Rexford, whether or not Cas actually passed out the next bed over, or if he'd stayed up all night just like Dean had, listening to the other man breathing on the other side of the room and afraid that if he actually let sleep take him, he'd be alone there the next morning.
"Okay, well, if this Benjamin is so careful," Dean nods along, his blatant aggression dimming,"Then what happened?"
"Shame," She uncrosses her arms, closing the space between them and leaning in, "But actually, I just finished inside. I was reaping a
He meets his dad's eye, offering the weapon, palm up, "Take this."
"You think I should open up a bar? Here? Cas I don't know the first two things about running a business."
It was odd, really, how Cas could always seem to understand Dean without Dean actually ever saying anything. They’d trade looks and just understand the shorthand of what it meant. It was an easy thing. Automatic.
"Mother says I'm evil," Magda mutters, "'cause I hurt people."
"No, Dean. Killing the witch was supposed to be the cure, so if he's already dead, then why aren't you...
, how can there be any hope for me?"
"Hello, Dean." He says without looking up.
Dean just grips him tighter. He doesn't know what else to say. There
Then, seeing Sam’s face, he glances at the door, lowering his voice, "Look, he hopped off the ride at the
"Stop fidgeting, my god. Have some patience, angel. Did you not used to watch mountains grow?"
Dean: Text me when you get there
"You have ketchup and mustard on your face." He tries to stifle his grin but fails, and Dean glares at him- taking an even messier bite of the burger in response.
"Whoa-"
Maybe the staring thing is normal for that kind of duo. When one of them is in love with the other one. When one’s an angel and doesn’t realize that staring so long at someone isn’t a normal human thing to do.
Dean pauses, then grabs the glass.
"Release them." Cas growls, low, staring the man down and bringing his grace to come forward, eyes glowing blue, "Or I burn you where you stand."
"No, Sam's right. I had eyes on the girl first, too. With this second body- family's got a better link." John stands, clapping a brief hand on Dean's back before heading towards the door, "Beth's got no connection there. Money's on a spirit."
Dean quirks up a corner of his mouth all '
"Thanks."
Alright, sure, if you wanna go the easy route. Won't keep you as sharp... but that's a choice.
"No, thank you. I have to go." Cas looks between the two brothers and nods, as if in quick farewell, then disappears down the hall.
The first chapter has been edited as of 6/24/21, so if you read it after that then you're good but if you read it before that then there's some changes I made to make it a bit more in character, I think.
Maybe that's the gist of it, really, the great lie being told that angels cannot fall in love- because really, they can- they just fall so completely and so entirely that their beings are forever marked with it.
You tell yourself something like that for long enough and maybe it turns into the truth, or maybe it just turns you into someone else.
Dean's getting absolutely no sleep these days, and now he's the type of guy to sneak around in the middle of the night to meet up with his best friend like he’s some girl running away from home to meet up with the boy her daddy doesn’t like.
What would heavenly weapons kill? Heavenly creature.
needs Dean for something. They need him for sex. They need him to be their soldier. They need him to raise Sammy. They need him and don't ask what he wants, because he does it and he's expected to. And here Cas is smiling at Dean like Dean is the fucking sun, loving him and expecting nothing in return for it. That's... that's just...
Claire doesn't let it go, laughing, "So you and Cas, huh?"
you know?"
"Just a coke, please. Thank you." Kelly waves her off.
managed.
again either."
He tries it again, but it does the same thing.
Cas sighs and levees himself up off the table, twisting between the two other men, "I'm gonna make a fresh pot. Anyone?"
Maybe in some lights it is- but in many more it feels like a prison. To live so long and see so many things... there are times where it feels like he's not even living at all, simply an observer to everyone else.
"Yeah I know," Sam nods, holding up the keys to the Impala, "I was gonna grab some breakfast, let him get in a few more winks. You in?"
If Dean asked him, he would. He'd stay another hour, or two. Until he really had to go. Maybe after Dean's lids are heavy with sleep and shoulders slumping into unconsciousness. Cas would sit next to him as he dozed off, maybe place a hand on him to make sure he drifted into a peaceful sleep free of nightmares.
"Gideon Loughlin's address was in his accountant's file." Sam says, standing, "If the book is there, I'll find it."
They won't talk about that, either. Never about something in Cas' actions that broke something in Dean. And Cas knows it had. He'd seen the look in his eyes and recognized it from all the other times before.
." Deans sighs, tossing a bag of chips into the cart, "It's complicated."
John being among them now is certainly going to be a dynamic to adjust to. Cas may have to begin accepting the possibility of keeping his distance for the sake of their small family. If John is going to continue insisting on hating Castiel, that's not exactly something he can fight. He'd never dream of asking the brothers to choose between them, no matter how much he wishes he could.
. You say I changed you like it's something
Even so, he's gone on a long time living in an illusion that maybe someday John would prove that otherwise. That he'd live up to the dad in Dean's mind even a little bit. Even just for a moment.
heart? There's no such thing. Not where Dean Winchester is concerned. Dean's capacity to care is arguably a world-saving device. Dean's heart is
Cas stops in the threshold, hands buried in his pockets, "A
The accompanied holler, however, he also recognizes. It stutters his steps just a touch, hearing Dean yell out in that way.
"-Just to prove me wrong." Cas smiles, phone sounding with its sent message.
All these angels have ever been are souped up, beams of light with daddy issues- and Lucifer’s the worst of them. That show wasn’t even filled with crocodile tears- it was probably the most genuine Lucifer has ever been in their twisted history with him.
He ducks before Dean's fist can even swing down, charging forward with arms outstretched to grapple around his son’s middle. Dean tumbles ass-first to the pavement, head connecting with a
Cas takes a bite and Dean realizes everyone else is looking at the angel too, waiting to see his reaction to a first time food. He grunts in approval and takes another bite, nodding.
Gail chants, holding a large book out in front of herself, circling the room, and the figure crumpled in the center of it all- back dripping with smeared blood and thin, dark slashes.
They're saving the big guns for tomorrow (turkey roast, mashed potatoes, green beans with garlic, Donna's special sauce- which Jody says is some kind of spicy gravy, and of course pie) but that doesn't stop Dean from slapping together a big meal for tonight, too. He's going with the Winchester special. About as close to mom's as he's been able to get the recipe so far.
"Sammy..." He tries softer this time, hand firm on his brother's shoulder, "
He’ll put up a hell of a fight. Of course. But if he dies, it’s not a big deal.
Sam dips his head closer to the mic, "But what, Beth?"
Grumbling and looking down at the phone- as if on cue, John trails out from the hallway, brows raised, looking between Dean and the cell, "Any news on Sam?"
Dean might not know his own name, or what's going on, or where these two people are leading him- but what he does know is there's a pit of worry somewhere deep in his stomach (again, he can't quite put a finger on why) and the only thing that's brought him any amount of calm is the man in the strange coat with a strong grip on his hand.
"I- I get that we need super dick there, but, I mean," He scoffs, letting out a weary chuckle, "
"Cas, what have you done?"
"Dean, you should take the couch." Dean's closed his eyes but can hear that Cas hasn't taken a step from the middle of the living room, making no move whatsoever towards the couch.
He saved dad. How long are you gonna stay pissed?"
. It's not on Spotify, but in case you wanted to listen and see the cover Cas was talking about.
Lily tilts her head,
Stupid fucking cards-
"Yeah. Yeah, we're good."
need a little downtime. Something to lift the spirits, huh? Girls, what about that carnival we passed on the way down here? We can just take the day and then after that if we’re still feeling antsy, we can all talk about getting back to the hunt, yes?”
"I'm not really sure about that." Dean peers around, trying to recall his surroundings in any way whatsoever. Maybe part of that can be explained away as things always look different at night- but really he just doesn't remember at all.
"No, of course it's not wasted..." He agrees, distant, listening to the clanking of the pipes peter out as Dean shuts off the water, "But it does pose an interesting thought. How similar we are to those in our opposition."
It's not like Dean's not aware Sam's 100% observant enough to see the real deal here. If Sam didn't know by now, he'd be a whole lot more concerned about the kid's eyes and investigative skills than anything else.
That's where the universe says "Ah, sorry kiddo, you can't get everything you ever wanted, where's the fairness in that?" And then Dean would have to sit and live out the rest of eternity with Cas alone and dead in the empty because of him.
Cas steps forward, voice stern, chilling, "Get out."
Sam is characteristically silent the duration of the drive- staring out the window and
"Cas..." Sam exhales his name out, and strides forward without having to mentally recouperate and restart the way Dean's currently stuck.
He tracks through the rest of the footage, moving forward and forward, then slowing back down when Dean pulls out his gun.
"For what?" Sam asks.
“Okay. Goodnight, Cas.” He patted Cas’ shoulder.
" Sam starts, a warning, because he
Dean abruptly pads back towards his father and stops halfway, reaching under the table in between two seats to unholster a small pistol from its hiding spot. It's only a six shooter but it'll do the job. He flips open the barrel, double checking it's still loaded, clicks it back in place.
No thoughts about any angels in this bar tonight.
"The hell took you so long?" John asks, still looking down at one of the files. Wordlessly he piles the few papers back up, slapping them on the table. A couple of cell phones and the laptop sit beside him.
"Rebel." Dean snaps his fingers, turning on a dime to head in another direction, swiftly popping open the bottom drawer to a tool box on the back wall. He digs around a moment, settling on a couple large rectangular metal plates and holds them up, triumphant, "New plates, then. Where is it?"
He can understand that possibly more than any other person on this earth. It's precisely the same weight on his own shoulders, and it's not lost on him that it was his own face that Lucifer wore when he killed Rowena all those months ago. The fact that it appears he's already been forgiven for that- based on the way she's looking at him, a soft note of camaraderie in her eyes for a trauma similarly experienced- warms him more than he’d realized it would.
seen you."
"What's going on?" John frowns over at his sons from across the hood of the car.
Dean, he's figured, for years has either been a trainwreck of unknowing, or so painfully aware and head-over-heels that he's acting as his own cock-block at every turn in the bend. Meanwhile, somehow, Cas manages to nail the point on the head while simultaneously completely missing the mark- cause he can't tell whether Cas actually gets it or just thinks he does. They're a mess.
He continues, "A human's soul is very telling of their character. Everything they're made up of. What they show the world and what they keep inside. Even in Hell, your soul was so incredibly bright when it should've been far more tainted. It was beautiful. Perhaps that's why I gripped you so tightly. I wanted to protect you, even then.
Sam turns to her, craning his head to try and block her view of the door as much as he can, "Magda, listen to me-"
"It's not. You said that last time too." But Dean smiles back and for a second it's just them sitting in each other's presence taking in how alive the other person is right then and there..
Dean follows suit, still looking down at the keys in his hand- starting to finger through them like he's confused as to which is which.
"Why?"
"It's called friendship, Cas." Dean redirects his attention back to his laptop, pulling it back onto his thighs, his neck warming with a slight pink.
Dean holds the door, and his dad steps through first, peering through the cavernous building. The balcony overlooks the map table lit up below, leading into the library around the bend to the right- even from here you can tell this is only a fraction of the bunker's expansive size. John grasps the railing, sliding his hands over it, "You live here?"
a part of that little rescue mission to save the poor possessed third musketeer."
"Sam, it's fine." Dean shoves him playfully, "We good?"
"We've gotten off on the wrong foot. That is precisely what I intended upon my approach-" Mick holds up his hands even higher, as though in emphasis, and Cas lowers him back to sure footing without releasing his grip, "Allow me to power down the wards, and then we'll talk, yes?"
"On it." he nods, starting into the living room to join Dean in moving the couches out of the way.
deserve to die?"
"What the hell, Cas? Declining calls now?" He shuts the door behind him.
Not that this doesn't mean he's not still fucking repressed as hell- actually, if anything, this probably
He opts instead to just walk right in the front door and hope no one's gotten wind yet that he might've switched sides.
Dean opts to just keep on the borrowed shirt, but put back on yesterday's jeans. On those there's only an artistic spattering of blood that can easily be dismissed by any passerby, unlike his other shirt which is completely soiled and would make him look like an ax murderer. He splashes water on his face, steals a shot of mouthwash from the medicine cabinet, and wets down the tufts of his hair that swish in different directions from being pressed against Cas all night.
"Are you okay?"
Dean never really got it. He knows it’s got nothing to do with the job, much as those remarks still hit home every time. It’s just dicks and ass, what fuckin’ difference does it make? Who wouldn’t wanna get shoved around in the bedroom every now and again?
"Dad." Dean only partially turns, cutting him off in warning.
"Dean..." Cas turns, eyes doing that whole soft puppydog thing again, and all of Dean's guards lower instantly. "I'm sorry."
“He’s a very small fraction of you, if that.”
John smiles, "Smart." He slaps the back of his hand on Dean's shoulder in passing, "I guess Sammy's not the only one with a brain in this operation after all."
Dean responds quickly but Cas ignores it, the phone left abandoned on his chest. Crowley's gotten in his head.
"Magda, I'm here... I'm here to help you. Show me. Please."
Cas: I am sorry about the case. I know when they involve children it's especially difficult for you
"I'm not sure when they decided to trust me in return, but I trusted Dean, at least, from the beginning. I trusted Sam because Dean trusted him. Maybe I even started to trust myself because Dean trusted me, too, even if it hasn't always been deserved."
Jesus, why does he care so much what his dad thinks, anyway? He’s a grown man. And he's lived out from under dad's thumb for years. A full decade. Over a decade, really.
Claire grins wide and looks at Kaia, holding in a laugh. Kaia's brows shoot even higher and she grins in tandem, "Whoa there, Romeo. I just meant does he have someone in his life. But you...?"
Realizing he’s fighting a losing battle, Dean rolls his eyes in a last ditch effort to join the joke, “How do
He scoffs, shaking his head. Looks like he
It means Dean
If they were a different Dean and Cas on a different world.
Even in the thick of it. Even when he couldn't remember his own damn name... he
"What's going on?" Cas asks, clearly suspicious.
of my choices," he closes the space between them, darkening, "May need to be questioned."
Cas nods.
He sets it down, leaning his elbows on the table and clasping them in mirror of the other man.
Cas smiles down at his phone, but straightens his face and tries to subtly turn the screen away when Crowley looks over.
stop. Uh, after. You know." He nods, tacks on a little shrug, schooling his features.
"Forgive me if sleeping doesn't have the greatest connotations for me. I only ever do it when gravely injured."
Cas pulls a business card from his wallet and looks Tommy seriously in the eye, "If you hear from him, don't hesitate to call.”
Dean swallows and it feels thick in his throat. He feels like he's breathing too rapidly, too loud. And his skin feels red-hot. It's not like he's turned on or anything, he just doesn't want Cas to think he's the type of dude who gets his freak on watching two guys bone frantically in the woods.
Dean swings around, "We're- What-?"
"What is he, another angel?"
"Why does that name sound familiar?"
you're given. You've gotta just buck up and
twanging alongside each grunt.
Cas wishes he were someone who could give Dean more than this. Or at least that Dean could have
from the pit?"
clears his throat, "What are you doing up?"
Cas sighs, head falling back, "Six weeks, two days, and ten hours."
Sam shakes his head, "It doesn't matter, guys. This is our shot. We just gotta find out where he's playing tonight."
Just like the victims.
"Oh, I definitely did."
"Nothing. I'm- sorry. It's just Dean, he's praying to me. It's nothing important."
Windows are still intact, at least. The structure sound- not bound to go tumbling over with a good gust of wind just because it's gone unkept a few years.
Dean peers at him over his shoulder, "Yeah, busy
They pause there in a sort of halfway embrace, Cas' head falling against Dean's chest and gripping him there as the only means to staying upright.
"Nothing." His voice hardens.
"Dean." Sam calls, and Dean turns back, reacting just in time to catch the room key tossed his way, "You guys take the room. I know you're gonna wanna watch tv anyway, Cas is the only one that'll put up with it."
Cas waves a hand as he turns out the door. "He's just asleep."
very well."
Cas is standing amidst the leaves of a thin tree as a small amount of cover off the sidelines of a property he can't get much closer to, watching for any sign of life or movement at all, "I think I may have found Sam's location. It's a farm. It appears to be empty, but it was rented two weeks ago to a woman with an English accent."
She turns on her heel, flitting about the room- tugging the table by the window into the center and grabbing a series of items to stack on top of it- bowls and a mess of other things. Dean reaches out a hand, tapping one of the glass vials- but she smacks his hand away just as fast without a word, crouching down on the ground to draw a perfect circle.
Cas is just... different. But that's what makes him so great. He cares about so many things that Dean would never even think about, or would never cross his mind- and then there Cas is looking at a flower like it's the eighth wonder of the world, grinning up at Dean. He just...
Jody finishes up the final bit of batter and doles out a plate for herself, Cas, and Claire, still leaving behind a couple of towering stacks on the counter.
Cas tilts his head, takes another step forward, and the man lowers his weapon just enough-
"I- I said what I said cause you're a fucking- I like- you don't make me feel like crap for just... being
just a man, and even yet he still tried. He still
So when Sam calls up the girls and they show up on the bunker's doorstep late on the eve before Thanksgiving with hands full of groceries and a couple boxes of old Christmas decorations that smell like moth-balls- the 100%-genuine-Dean-Winchester grin that lights up his brother's face is exactly what he'd been hoping for. Giving Dean something, for a change.
"Nah." John grins, taking a bite from the cold strip of meat.
They haven’t done that since Lucifer took Cas. Knowing Dean, he probably hasn't been back there at all.
. Loraine shrieks, the black smoke sailing out of Elvis' corpse and upstairs- surely seeking out the next body for his sick little game, leaving the fresh corpse to crumple to the ground.
"We should get back." Sam says, abruptly, heading for the door.
A tiny, annoying voice in the back of his head kind of hoped Cas would still be there beside him in the morning... but that voice needs to shut the hell up and leave him alone. It's not
"You want me to choose a birthday so you can throw a party?" Cas quirks a brow, smiling.
"I'm fine."
It's small, perhaps even shallow, but Cas
sweeter this way."
Dean ignores both of them, eyes lingering on the house, "You sure there's anyone inside?"
"Why especially Sam?"
Sam settles back in his seat, glaring at his plate, picking at the edge of it with two fingers. John grunts but doesn’t say anything else either, and the three settle into an uncomfortable silence.
Hell, it's too bad he got nailed, he'd probably have been a good guy to know.
all hot chicks?"
"Man, you're such a sappy drunk."
John raises his chin, nodding ever so slightly, his eyes flickering to Sam- then Dean. He turns back to Billie, "Guess you're just gonna have to wait, then."
It's about a six hour drive from here to the bunker, and in that time Cas doesn't see or hear a single soul. He stands on the edge of the property the whole time, patrolling in different areas and hoping for a better angle through any window. No cars pull through, no one screams from inside, nothing.
"It's just over here," She nods, leading them around the corner to a slue of offices, name tags jutting out from the wall, "This is... was… Olivia's office."
Dean gulps in a breath, startling himself awake with the painful resolution that they really have to start springing for better motels. These bricks they call mattresses in the $49 a night rooms are
It's while he's deliberating on this, exiting the bathroom, that he recognizes the witch.
Finally, Dean catches his breath, still huffing a soft chuckle now and again- letting himself, for only a moment, to want Cas so innocently it's embarrassing. He wishes,
know. "Have you spoken to Sam about any of this?"
Crowley: Fine
It's Deans confusion at this entire image and the fact that he just thought the words "horny" and "Cas" in the same sentence that he lets Cas stand there for so long just looking at him. Or did he say something?
"Then he's probably got it."
Cas uses the moment to lunge, blade in hand, as Dean recoups on the pavement. Absently, he hears the blows landing one after the other, skin connecting with skin, the metallic twang of the angel blade flinging from hands onto the ground. Dean's body won't cooperate enough to pull himself from its daze, though. As much as he wants to back up his friend with every bone of his body, he barely clings to consciousness, his eyes hanging heavy, drooping further by the second.
I- just- to figure out what to say. Not how I feel. I
"You know, don't you?" Dean looks at his brother, searching his face, "About how he feels about me."
“You don’t have to fall back into the man you were when you last knew him. You've changed.”
"The people that matter know," Cas whispers into the dark, "They know who you are."
Dean: Some concert
"Think about it, then." Sam grins, starting to hum along to the radio with a new type of pep to his fingers tapping on the wheel.
"Listen," Dean steps in, "Take a seat."
dad?"
"Monsters still care. They care a lot. Makes some even easier to catch," John purses his lips, nods over at Dean's approaching figure, "For you? It’s that boy. Only reason you're still sitting here. You'll do anything he'll ask. Hell if I know why. Don't mean I trust you. Don’t mean you’re any better for it. Don't mean I won't get rid of you first chance I've gotta."
happened to Sam."
Cas peers up, then frowns back at his phone, other hand firm on the crank to roll the window down completely. There's no real point to it anymore, though, the conversation has ceased.
comes out of that house. Then hold them captive. And kill them all.
He pats down his pockets until he comes across his phone- pulling it out only to find it's completely busted. Screen shattered. Frame bent. Thing won't so much as light up.
Cas ducks his head, burying his hands in his trenchcoat pockets. John huffs out a disgruntled scoff, turning on his heel and tramping towards the room.
"Welcome to Los Angeles," Crowley exhales.
, "But these troubles are only an extension of whatever you're not talking about that's truly burdening you."
worry about you, Cas."
The father and son wear polos, and mother a hot pink button-down with a sweater tied across her shoulders. The daughter, of course, stands out the most- because the new versions of the rest of these people killed her.
"Oh, anything but."
They trail at her heels in her rush to the front door.
Cas: I'm not groveling
Sam half turns, watching Dean sit on the edge of the table with the corner of his eye- halfway to a glare.
"I stole a man's truck. I assume that should be efficient enough."
"You just kill me again?"
in his lower back, and can let out a breath, propped up on one elbow. Some leaves scrape at his nose, so he brushes those away, but they just whip back and dust across his skin again.
“Interesting."
been a great deal of pain and misfortune since I turned against heaven, but there has also been an unfathomable amount of love. When I was just a simple seraph doing a job, I watched humanity for hundreds of years. Back then I could never understand the emotion that led humans into action. And I met you and everything you chose to do was so driven in protecting not just people you loved, but even complete strangers. You just
, but with it comes things far better. Love... compassion... family...
Cas can't quite get used to it, being touched by Dean so effortlessly and intimately. Not completely, anyway. Sometimes the weight of it, after staying an arms length and simply wishing for something like this for over a decade, is unsurmountable. The hairs raise on the back of his neck and his eyes meet the soft green gaze of the man who keeps trailing his fingers absently, watching Cas' body react to his touch. And Dean
times over- sprint to take bullets for the other. Even rubbing off on you. On
"But you don't
He steps a few paces away, tapping in Sam's number. It rings out twice.
"Besides, I have a lot of downtime while you all sleep. After we broke you out of Michael's control, I read several dozen books along the topic of running a business. I've learned quite a bit." Cas just smiles at him like it's a passing thing. No big deal. Like it's not one of the most thoughtful things anyone has ever done. And he did it as a 'just in case.' In case Dean ever wanted to, or ever thought that maybe he
"Hey-" He holds up a hand, "I'm sure you did everything you could. And, I mean, come on- after last night... you saved all of us."
"What are you doing here?" John asks, stopping at the edge of the stairs. Sam and Dean screech to a halt facing him. Jody, who'd trailed along, stands between them all, uncertain of this whole affair, and clearly alarmed now that Sam and Dean's guards have gone up.
Still, mornings are nice. And he's
"That's not how it works-"
If Castiel met John Winchester under different circumstances, he could never have imagined him a father to any. Cold and distant are likely two core adjectives he'd use to describe him. With his youngest son missing, this could be reason enough for the man's aloofness, but this seems unlikely. Far more likely- this is simply John Winchester at his base.
He rolls his eyes, "Come on."
want to touch Dean in all the ways that make a man blush.
like... it was nothing to him. Like he was running an errand. Barely said a word."
Sam nods back, the both of them letting that sink in the air between them.
He could never imagine the type of vile stain on a person’s soul that would cause the kind of hatefulness needed inside to harm your own child.
low groan escapes Dean’s chest, turning into a soft whine when he twists his head from Cas’ hand, his face turning deep into the angel’s shoulder.
Bucky holds up his beer, the rest of the room following suit and cheering. Randy clinks his glass against Bucky's.
what happened.
It’s greedy. And it’s the most he’s probably ever asked for, but he needs more time.
to deal with? You wanna talk about fucked up calls, how about telling your kid to kill his brother? After years-
"I mean- you're
warded the house."
His eyes start to sting, and he scrunches his nose to stop it, holding his eyes closed tight. And he smells the leather of his jacket, and the gasoline and John’s aftershave, and for a minute he’s just John’s kid. Against all reason and every instinct, he wishes he was still that kid that could have so much faith.
knock." John says, a faint smile on his lips. He's got a full bottle of Johnnie Walker in one hand, which he raises to the woman of the house, "Ma'am."
Dean couldn’t get the image out of his mind. Cas bloodied, broken, black acid threading through his veins and slowly swallowing him whole.
. "Yeah, well, settling down was never for me. Sammy... maybe someday. He's had some bad luck in that department."
Then I'm stuck in some sort of 'Memento' crap?"
Sam nods solemnly, "At least this way, one of us gets to keep fighting."
Maybe it
"Hey-"
It’s an hour out from sunrise when John stumbles his way out of his room, duffel in hand and reeking of whiskey. He spots Cas and Dean sitting on the rear of the Impala and scoffs, shaking his head as he turns toward his truck parked just a few spots down.
Dean swallows, rolling his eyes, "God,
He doesn't touch him or anything. Not outside of the normal way. Pat on the shoulder, or the back.
"Dean- come on. Rowena agrees-"
Text messages from Dean to Cas 9:27 PM
"I don't know."
"You're such a girl." Dean mumbles, then pulls away to scrub a rough hand through Sam's hair, mussing it up like only big brothers are allowed to do, and patting a firm hand on his back. And that's Dean, trying not to show how much those words matter to him.
happen, Dean, and you can let yourself have them."
"I think it's nice." Cas takes another sip of coffee.
Cas: I should've tried reaching out sooner
"Crowley-" Cas clenches his jaw. If this is going to turn into another hour long argument-
"Why not?" She says it simply. Easily. Like it's an easy question and has an easy answer. As if life worked like that at all.
"Ah," Dean tempers a smile, and Sam holds up a hand as if to cut him off from whatever gleeful thing he's about to say.
about things more. We kill demons... angels... without even hoping to save the people stuck inside them. Maybe he’s
Dean glares back, downing the last of his beer, "Because it's a pile. Maybe you just need a new car."
Mom, Mary Winchester.
Some brunette with a wide, toothy smile stops him in his tracks, "Hi."
Eileen: You got it (zipped mouth emoji, thumbs up emoji)
He was never much one for wishing on stars. It always felt too close to praying. Cause how many other people are looking at the same star in the sky and hoping their prayers get answered, too? It's like playing the slots. Not everyone can get triple 7s, so why even try. Leave the jackpot for someone who deserves it.
when we were kids, much less a wake."
"In what world?"
All the same, in this context- "That's… good, right?"
"Yeah, yeah, sure. Definitely." He chokes out, nodding at the phone.
Dean strides towards the door, Cas close at his heels. They trail through the hall, into the foyer. Both pointedly avoid looking at the dried browned splotches on the floor.
John eyes him, softening and lowering the bottle. "You're my son. It was my fault you were in that bed in the first place. I wasn't about to let you die in it."
"Maybe in the drawer." He nods to the nightstand beside Cas.
Who's-
Penn shuffles his feet before leaning in and whispering, "You'll think I'm lying, like my bishop, like everyone. But I knew Olivia. She was a good person." He lowers his voice and flicks his eyes around to the parishioners, making sure they won't overhear, "I watched her get flayed alive by some invisible force. That was the devil's work.
"Sounds like we need a tiebreaker." Dean jabs, clearly smiling into the phone.
Hesitantly, Cas rises to his feet, kind of stumbling once his full weight is out of the chair. Dean catches him with a firm grip around his bicep, tugging to gently escort him towards the hall, and to his own bedroom door. He shoves Cas down on the bed where he bounces there a second, that signature confused tilt of the head slowly coming up.
Randy pulls a face, swallowing his latest toast, "Stop saying that or we're not gonna make it to morning."
Cas: Impala67Winchester@gmail.com
"Well, it's not a ghost." Dean scrunches his face.
Maybe it helps him sleep better at night, if he thinks it's his idea to go out that way. If he makes it seem like he's cool with it, like that's how he'd prefer it... maybe it'll be easier when the day finally comes and he's bleeding alone in the woods somewhere just like Asa.
"Finding yellow-eyes
"Think we'll still look at each other like that when we're old and wrinkly?" Kaia teases, planting a sloppy kiss on the side of Claire's face when she hands back the phone.
"Ain't had the pleasure in person, but I'd recognize that handsome voice anywhere."
"Education would be a noble pursuit." He considers, trying to imagine a human future where he's able to help people but forgo the greater risk of bodily harm and perishing on the job. "A way to keep helping people, even if in a different way. I like that."
The thick wooden door groans beneath his palms, rusted hinges barely muted with his slow movements. He peers around the room, eyes landing on nothing at first, then he locks on Cas sitting on the sofa, leaning into his hand with his eyes screwed shut.
"Right. I'm Dean. Okay. Sam." He grapples his hand into his brother's chest, then his own, "Dean."
Claire: Alex hasn't seen GOT yet
His mouth feels too dry all of a sudden.
”And you... Bucky. Brave,
Dean: Just put out the offer, buddy
No longer looking at any of them, Sam shakes his head, "We have to try."
"Aw... C'mon Dean, you got more than that in ya, don't ya?" Donna slaps his arm, grinning into her mug like she's watching compelling tv unfold before her eyes.
So, no, Dean's not gonna talk about it. He's not gonna mention it. He's gonna pretend it never fucking happened, because it didn't. It was Dean being weak, and Cas being weak, in all the worst ways- nearly ensuring both their cold, dead fates.
"No, we heard you." He looks him in the eye, "Don't care."
"Cas has been busy, huh?"
Sam squints, "What is that?"
Another fella at the table beside them perks up, turning to red-head and Dean, "No freakin' way." He chuckles incredulously, "Aren't you dead? Like, four times?"
"You ever had french toast?" He asks in Cas' ear.
"Maybe." he steps up closer to the board, pretending to look intently at a document but really just hiding his face, hoping Sam gets the hint.
Crowley parted ways a few hours ago to check in on Hell and see what he could do about sending some scouts in certain corners of the world to aid in the search. Cas was happy not to be involved in that part of the planning. Hell is not a place he particularly enjoys visiting.
"Yeah, okay." Dean straightens, his laughter dying at Sam's seriousness.
John pauses, glass halfway to his lips, "I know what day it is."
"Me giving you 'the talk.' You know how many times we've had to tell some civilian that monsters are real?"
"Yeah, uh, I'll make the call."
John nods, ruminating on that thought, "You've made some calls I wouldn't have but it's got you this far, so if I have to take a step back while I'm still getting on my sea-legs, and let you take the reigns on this one... well then I'm gonna trust you."
"He walked." Dean cuts a hand through the air, keeping his eyes on the road and trying to keep his voice steady, "He's made his choice."
Dean touches Cas fairly often, normally. Though it's usually only with a fleeting excuse. A passing movement. Something that can be disregarded or explained away.
Neither he or Sam speak the entire day.
Dean takes another sloppy bite of the s'more. This time he's certain half of it made its way across his cheek, given how wide Cas grins as his eyes trail across his face.
He wants Sammy not to feel so guilty. He wants John to act like a dad. He wants to have his family back. Be a unit. Work together. Listen to each other.
He parts the stubby branches partially obscuring the view into the window, and peers down into the room. It's lit entirely by candlelight, small white towers of them scattered in different corners of the room, on different platforms- most remarkable of which is adorned with a large cross fashioned from tied wood.
Crowley grins, pointing a firm finger into Cas' chest, "Ex-actly! My point exactly. And
Dean's grip on the gun in his hands tightens, eyes shifting from side to side. Blonde's lips are moving as Cas continues forward, her breathy mumblings cut off with a shrill scream of absolute terror,
Sam shakes his head, "I'm good."
fan at a time?"
Dean: Just c
witch was, again, run out of her homeland," She starts, and he pokes the little doll's head, listening to her voice, not entirely catching all of it, "by those pompous, self-righteous, murderous hooligans. You know them as the British Men of Letters."
Jody, both hands circling her coffee, with wide-eyes peering questioningly between all three men at the table- visibly switches to mom-mode. She places her drink meaningfully to the table with a resounding
To his surprise, it's Dean that answers her, jabbing back, pink-faced and with an uncertain smile, "Not possible."
Cas is a welcome addition to the missing hole the night before, and Dean even manages to forget for a little while that there's supposed to be another person here- who could be if he just wanted to enough. He's not sure how to feel when, upon realizing that, Dean's glad his dad hasn't come by. He loves his dad, but the love his dad has for him is a kind of conditional one. Something he knows isn't the case with this small little family around him now.
Soon as he walks in, his eyes light up at the ambience of the place. Walls decked out in cowboy garb, jukebox in the corner blasting out the oldies, and at the center of it all a live mechanical bull with a crowd of hooting customers egging on the rider. It's perfect. Place like this, maybe if he gets enough tequila in him he'll be able to talk himself into something fast and dirty against the restroom walls.
But maybe she's right. Maybe he was never meant to work shit out right off the bat and fit things back into place the way they used to.
She arches a brow, looking at the card, swiping it. "Yeah, sure. Some business... Mr.
Even if Dean did find Sam and the captors, he wouldn't have engaged until coming back- unless surprised and attacked...
Dean: Think you’re so slick
Dean: Don't be an idiot over there
He stiffens, "I have-"
But Dean doesn't pay an ounce of attention to him. Guy doesn't know what they'll understand and what they won't- especially where Cas is concerned. Going on ten years, he probably knows him a lot better than Ishim ever did. Even if they'd been side by side in battle for a thousand years- it's clear Ishim doesn't know Cas like he does.
"Took you long enough." Lucifer murmurs, and Cas turns to him, still grounded. "Did you bring the rest of the Little Rascals?"
Cas: Do not text and drive Dean
Sam's already been trying harder to keep the peace for Dean's sake but he just can't do it with a placating hand and soft words anymore.
Human, normal Dean would never go for Crowley again- if he ever really had. And he most certainly wouldn't go for any man now at all. Least of all Castiel. Someone he trusts not to think of him that way.
Dean nods, face pinched. He knows. He knows that. Doesn’t make it any easier not to feel like it, though.
There doesn't seem to be a clear pattern here, or anything broken in the scuffle. No blood, at least. Or bodies to speak of.
"You should call that Sherriff pal of yours, get her connections in on this." John raises his voice over the dull roar of the engine, the air whipping in through the open window.
I could." John stomps forward suddenly, slamming a hand on the side of the truck, blazing down on his son. The
A sharp breath of relief flows through Dean, the rest of the room seeming to do the same, all stumbling to catch their footing again. Bucky stands off a little farther than the rest, his head hung in something akin to shame, fear maybe.
This exact knowledge passes through his mind as he locks eyes with the devil, catching Lucifer's hand before he's able to
It rings out a second time.
, he killed Billie- he just did-"
"Do you have any paper?"
Dean starts untying his own boots, tugging at the laces. One comes off, he places it down. The second- and Cas is just looking at him.
"Dude!" Sam tosses his hands up, and Dean jolts at the movement- "What are you doing?"
Cas barely get's out a "wait, what does that..." but Dean cuts off the call, tossing the phone in the truck before darting to the woods with Sam at his side.
"Hmm," He grunts, running a hand along the side of the car, pausing near the rear window, "You rebuilt her, huh?"
"You're askin' me? So you really
”What can I say,” Lucifer chokes out, “Kicking your ass took a lot out of me. But don’t worry. Onward and upward.”
"Brother. Witch. Kill the witch," Dean nods, certain, struggling to keep those few little things- but he meets the other man's eye. The man smiles, small, and nods, placing a firm hand on Dean's shoulder.
"And what might you boys be working on?" He asks slowly, curious eyes roving over the three men.
Cas' cheeks turn a light shade of pink, and he smiles at Dean so adoringly that Dean finds his own face getting hot.
Or maybe angels just feel in a different way from people. Like it's... suppressed. He never really got a chance to see how differently Cas acted and felt as a human, so he can't really say. He wishes he could.
"Cas," Sam fixes him with one of those soft looks saved for mourners, "I know we're not always so gung-ho about angel anything, but if he was your friend-"
He tosses Cas' cell phone in the air, and blinks away just as Cas catches it in one hand, immediately tapping into his text chain with Dean.
And for once, everybody lived. Everyone's okay.
A heavy silence drops.
This is two lane asphalt, and they can part at the fork in the road or keep on the same turn together. That's the only way this is gonna work.
But it's more than that. She's that little girl, and she's the strong young woman she's grown into. No longer so angry she can barely contain it, or so devastated she has to keep anyone around her at arms length. She's a combination of the two. Kind, and strong, and tough, and good- and all of the qualities in between forged from the embers of someone she was meant to be in two entirely different timelines.
Dean snorts, "Of course."
Cas: Don't give him any ideas
He's not getting any sleep tonight. Already knows that. So he props himself back up, pulling up to sit against the headboard, one hand reaching out to continue stroking through Cas' hair, hoping it might give him good dreams at least. If angels even dream.
"I'm not a cat. And I'm certainly not akin to a lost duckling imprinting on you, Dean. Worship and love are two very different concepts. I believe you may have been the one to teach me that."
But he
The coffee maker groans out a final loud grumble, and stops. He turns the thing off, immediately tugging out the pot and filling his mug, the liquid sloshing against the rim.
"No." he downs the rest of his glass, taps the side for a refill when the bartender glances over.
"And you're not? Beth didn't even know the delivery boy."
John is already tugging his pistol from the small of his back, double checking and cocking it. He doesn't turn back to Cas. No words of encouragement, no checking in. He just heads surefooted towards the house with all the bravado of a man on a mission.
Crowley: Begging then
That’s what they do. When one of them can’t manage a lick of faith anymore, the other’s gotta go double time on it.
It's an exceptionally small town. Even fewer storefronts and people milling about than Lebanon, but it's also a passerby town- one where it seems strange faces passing through isn't anything more than the usual.
"Dean doesn't believe it himself, but it's in his actions. In his sacrifices- whether he believes them to be selfishly motivated or not, much of the time he's acting on instinct. There's a heart to Dean which I've never once come across before and never will again.
There's Sam, then there's Cas... Mom... uh...
the one he's in love with? Even if you don't feel the same way, he's still important to you, right? Shouldn't that be something you work out together?"
”Sam, what’s he talking about?”
"You should eat something." Cas says as the waitress approaches with two laminate menus.
“Guess so.” Dean gives no indication of emotion in either direction- thrilled versus discontent. He may not know what to think at all.
"Angel!" Crowley growls out, pointing another firm finger at Cas' chest, eyes wild, "He's interested in...
"He got the ballgames and the birthdays cause that was the hand he was dealt. But
Sam's phone vibrates, and he ducks from view of the window, answering in a whisper, "Hey."
Dad's... he's alive.
Wings spread wide in ashen form across the blood-red church carpet. There's gotta be some kind of unforgiveable sin in that.
Her eyes shine, a corner of her mouth lifting hesitantly-
"Hello, Dean." Cas says, stepping fully into the kitchen. He sets what sounds like an empty mug on the island between them, stopping there.
. He can't be. It makes no sense. Cas doesn't know what he's talking about.
They take awhile stacking the bodies in a small pile in the grass. Dean takes a jug of gasoline from the backseat and spreads it over the mass, pulls out a lighter, flicks it, tosses it to blaze up. He just stares at the fire a minute, thinking of the murderous rampage he nearly went on because of these few stupid vampires and their attempt on Cas' life. The person he turns into in those times is when he most sees John in himself. It's those times where he most understands his father, too, and what that type of loss does to a person. He gets it because as much as he'd like to think otherwise, the man Dean turns into when he loses Cas or loses Sam, isn't Dean anymore. Just like the John Winchester that raised this kid into a man far too young, wasn't the real John Winchester.
He shakes his head, breathing out a sigh and looking between the three men in front of him with a kind of pained grief that hadn't been there at the beginning of the night. Or maybe it had, and he's just doing less to hide it now.
"Well, whatever you decide to do, you won't be alone in doing it." Cas reaches over and smacks the neck of his bottle against Dean's.
"Demon blade. Kills 'em dead."
vibrate down his spine. A visceral, untethered fear in response to the chillingly amused look in Lucifer's eye upon locking gaze with his former vessel.
the middle of nowhere.
The small fish can't do that. Dean can't do that. They also can't see well in the dark, or stay awake infinitely- their lives are fleeting and meaningful, while his is endless and...
. Kinda like old hunts when we were kids." He pauses, considering, "The- the good one's, you know?"
It's more of a restaurant than simply a bar in the daylight hours, but it's enough of a distinction that at night the lights are lowered and they stop serving all food outside of a couple of appetizers. The walls are lined with neon signs of various labels, and framed photographs of nothing of particular interest outside of a generalized midwestern theme. It's wood-paneled and old fashioned, smells of nothing but stale beer, and the surfaces are perpetually sticky. Sam's only been here a couple of times when Dean's dragged them both out with him, but Dean seems to love it. Especially when the bartenders started to know his name.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas: Are you worried about Sam and Dean's ages? (Hourglass emoji)
"They're not all 'boring history lessons.'"
Cas: Oh (shocked emoji) I can use that here?
Alex improves the whole morning by walking a large mug of coffee across the living room and passing it to him with a grin. He widens his eyes and takes it gratefully.
”That’s not what I asked. You don’t need that coffee either, but you’re drinking it, Mr. Angel.” She waves a spatula at him, “So, do you want some or not? I’m finishing up this batch either way.”
"Whatever's up with you and Cas-"
But Dean
"Wherever they are, whoever has Sam and Dean." Crowley pushes himself to his feet, straightening his jacket and stepping up to Cas, placing one hand on his shoulder. He leans in to Cas' ear, "Well, in the immortal words of Lawrence Tureaud... 'I pity the fool.'"
It's eerily reminiscent of his time in heaven. His superiors who'd sneer down at him for a fault he'd made in battle. Or a bad call involving one Dean Winchester.
“It's still late, Dean. Sleep. I'll watch over- them." The last second word change makes Dean honest to god giggle in his sleepy haze.
He looks between them, head craning each direction. Dean is leaning against the counter, nodding, twisting the dish towel in his hand, and Sam looks up at him with slightly raised brows as if to ask if it’s a good call, settling into a hunt all together so soon.
"You know-" She clears her throat, looking uncharacteristically soft when she meets Cas' eye, "I don't know if I can ever totally forgive you, but... you make it pretty easy to want to."
He raises his brows in mock surprise, "Ah, I take it you lot didn’t get out unscathed. Thought surely that little prize fight would be one for the books-“
about Dean. How has Dean never noticed that before?
John shakes his head, smirking at him across the table. When he speaks next, his voice has a new levelness to it.
“Fortunate, then, it no longer exists.”
It's a last ditch effort for a time where they're truly scraping the bottom of the barrel.
are."
he's thoughtful and appreciative, too."
Sam leans forward in his seat, fiddling with the casefile in his hands, "Mr. and Mrs. Peterson, we're here because your previous case worker, Olivia Sanchez, has passed away."
She peels up a portion of her dress, just up to the knee, showing a pink, jagged, rippling scar down the length of her calf.
"You boys got any contacts at the state department?"
Sam kicks out a foot, hitting Cas' shoe, "Come on. What's up, man?"
Maybe he'll dream about him.
Cas doesn't pick up the first call. He presses call again.
Nothing graphic, just a couple passing mentions. Tbh I don't know what constitutes a TW but I always figure better safe than sorry.
"Look who you're talking to," John beams, holding his arms out wide, "I'm healthy as a horse. And- what, now? Early-sixties?"
Dean reaches the door at the end of the hall and knocks. No answer, so he opens the door anyway. Cas isn't in his room.
"He means we can take it from here. Thanks." Dean says, far more professionally, and moves to escort the young man from the room.
then calms herself, voice steadying, "The Black Grimoire's written in ancient Druid. How do you propose to find the proper spell without
Except Dean really
"Jody," Sam pulls himself to his feet, the first to dart towards her, "You okay?"
They greet the clerk at the front desk, who dials up one of her supervisors who's more equipped to answer a few questions on Olivia. She rounds the corner a moment later in a black pantsuit with darker skin and a forced smile as she shakes their hands and introduces herself as Beth, a former co-worker to Olivia.
to fight her." He manages to keep his voice even, somehow, and turns to Ishim, "And I need to heal your wound."
Dean: nevermind
He clenches his jaw involuntarily, palming a fist in Dean’s jacket- maybe just to ground himself. A reminder it’s not just him anymore. He and the devil in a cage.
Dean slides the pot back in place, and steps around Cas, steps around Sam- out the room without a glance at either of them. He beelines for the library, rearing to get a start on
smart. But you don't give him a chance. You don't give me the benefit of the doubt. You don't listen-"
"Yes, he... he said he was thrilled. He said it was the only time he ever created anything."
"You...
never got a childhood.
"Too bad, Dean Winchester. If loving you is a curse, I hope it's one I cannot be cured of."
"Were you really gonna come with me?"
Dean snorts, “What, you figured you'd tuck tail first chance?”
"That man is very..." He takes a deep breath, exhales long, "Irritating. Cruel, even." Cas shifts again, straightening up to better look at Dean, "I'm sorry, I know he's your father, and I should-"
"I've been told the church doesn't want us talking like that anymore- too old fashioned." He continues, hand fisted firmly in front of him, "But I know what I saw."
Dean: I'm 45 away
"Please stop talking."
"Ah," Cas shifts on the other end, like he's sitting up now, "So that's why you're hiding outside."
Dana circles the counter and sets down a plastic bag with two styrofoam containers inside, "That gonna be all for you boys?"
"Why you hate sleeping so much?" Dean prods, leaning forward on his elbows.
“I’m not especially interested in his opinion. Dear old dad, he finally apologized for abandoning me. And what’s the
”You know what my plan is?” He asks, then yells, spreading his arms out wide, “I don’t have one! I’m just gonna keep on smashing Daddy’s already broken toys and make
But Dean and Cas are too busy staring across the table at each other, different levels of annoyed that all translates back to a childish game of traded pissyness covering up how deeply they give a shit.
"The dimmest I ever saw it was when you had the mark. That's how I knew something was wrong. Something dark was scarring you." He lets his hand drop, staring at Dean's chest a moment more before looking back to his face with a curious expression, "These past couple of days it's brighter than its been in a long time... maybe because..." He tilts his head, "Are you happy, Dean?"
"Nothing, I'm just glad to be back. To have our family back. It feels... I don't know, content. For the first time in a long time." Cas says wistfully.
"Okay." Dean looks his own reflection in the eye, studying his own face, "My name is Dean Winchester."
so you don't go cryin into your pillow every night how daddy never loved you enough?
That's when he hears chanting carrying out from the basement- where there’s a warm light emanating out from one of the barred windows just on the lower side of the house. Chanting that- closer he gets- sounds a lot like the same Aramaic phrasing that Olivia was said to have been shrieking as she died.
"Rowena, remember?" She- Rowena- says, motioning to herself and grinning, curls framing her face as she sways. He reaches up and touches them.
So, yeah, maybe it’s not a thing that these friends do.
(old messages)
Jody enters first, peering around, and a woman dressed in all black, pearls, and thick dark glasses, holding an empty glass- raises her voice, "Jody!" She draws out her name lovingly, and pulls Jody into a warm hug, "Oh, Jody. Thanks for coming."
"Fine," he snorts, digging his phone out of his pocket, opening up the map, "Matching leather jackets it is."
Maybe not bold. Dean's just like a ragdoll between the teeth of two dogs, tugged back and forth 'til he tears at the seams. Tossing himself one way, then the other, stuck halfway between wanting Cas to know, and knowing it's better if he doesn't.
"My job."
Maybe he's had more than that, it's not like Sam would know. Dean keeps this stuff close to the vest, maybe cause he knows he never gets it for long enough. Probably thinks it's not something he'd
Cas must be looking at Dean some type of way because Dean's face turns red and he looks back down at his hand now trailing down Cas' arm, and starts a subject, like he loves to do to keep too much focus off of him.
"Well, at least he'll be outside of the mansion." Cas shrugs passively.
"Alright, so, uh..." Sam steps uncertainly between Lily and Cas, "What now?"
She stops humming. Stops moving.
see me this way."
Not that he wants to.
"Any of this ring a bell?"
(old messages)
Sam laughs and Dean tosses a piece of chicken from the center of the table at him. John looks between them, still smiling, though more strained than before.
Cas watches, considering him, “What?”
Where did you get that part of it from?"
"Benjamin would
Sometimes he lets himself wonder if Dean feels it too, the warmth in his entire body, skin tingling, the rhythms of their mingling heartbeats in their ears, chest on chest. He always feels his own heart speeding up, racing so fast he can hardly breathe. Dean has to feel that, too. Maybe he doesn't because his is just as fast. But that's only a hope.
This wordless exchange doesn't escape his father's attention but much like a lot of things right now, he's not commenting on it yet. Dad seems to be biding him time for the big blow up. Putting it on the backburner 'til they find Sam.
Cas: Would you send me that document with your instructions for cell phone tracking again
That ringing starts again, louder this time. She moves to the sound, picking up the source and tapping something on it, twice.
"That is not true. I like bacon." He takes a bite from one of the strips on his plate.
He knows, right? That the person Dean’s actually mad at is himself?
Dean's heart's hammering in his chest- he can tell where this scene's going. He's pretty sure he almost blacks out when Jack pulls Ennis into the tent after the fire's out and Ennis' teeth are chattering so loud they can damn near hear the echo in the mountains.
Sam's tone evens out, more resigned, "I don't know why we keep giving you chances when you can't even return the favor."
"Billie." Sam says, straightening, a hard edge to his voice.
"Okay." Dean takes a sip of his own beer along with the group.
"Right now he's very upset he didn't get to cook us all apple pie." Cas swallows picking at a loose thread on his jacket, "Mostly he just talks about what’s on his mind.”
When Cas looks back at him, Dean's gazing up at the sky, head tilted back, “Are you sure?”
and lets it fall, pulling out his lighter and heading over to some of the candles Bucky has already spread throughout the room. Cause he's used to stuff like that. Hell, he says it about himself.
”We gotta go! We gotta go!” Sam yells, shoving one person after another- very aware of Lucifer- standing completely still on stage, staring directly their way. “Go, go, come on guys!”
Dean’s worked his way into his stupid angel heart somehow and planted himself there like a parasite. A undeserving, no good parasite.
getting on about, "Next time you gotta take a leak, I'll pull over."
People trust so wholly and entirely in God, without even having the certainty of
Cas: Why? (confused/curious emoji, spectacle emoji)
He needs to stop saying stuff like that. No one's ever talked to Dean like that. He keeps saying romantic things without even trying. Like it's as easy to him as breathing.
People are so fascinating. There's so many that are nearly the same and yet not. There must be a thousand, a million truck stop waitresses all over this side of the country. She has an entire story to her. Why her voice is so raspy, where her jewelry comes from, how she got this job... Does she like working the night shift, or is this simply the only job she could get? Maybe she has children, or a parent she takes care of.
Crowley grins anyway, and whips out his own phone lighting up with a new message, "Oh, lookie. The boyfriend must be unhappy with you, Castiel. He's resorted to texting lil old me."
The doc shrugs, not looking any of them in the eye, and raises his brows, "Student loans are a bitch, okay?"
"Is Rowena-" Cas starts, cut off.
"I understand perfectly fine, Sam."
He barely has a chance to finish and Bucky's yelling out to the room, "Hey! Our famous friend said the magic word!"
Crowley puts a hand on his chest again, feigning hurt, "Another stinging sentiment. And here I am, being
If this is the kind of thing Dean's always gotten out of his "hookups," well, then Cas supposes he understands the appeal.
Ishim's mostly trying to keep himself alive there in the back seat, all while giving Dean periodic directions. Dean's intently focusing on the road, not about to get surprised by any other car looking to turn Baby into a half donut- and Sam and Cas are in much the same mindset, eyes roving across the dark landscape for the red-headed crazy woman on the loose.
Eileen: Haha I won't tell
Sam keeps his eyes down on the table, fingers tapping rapidly on the desk, "I don't know, Dean." He looks up, meeting his brother's eye, "I just have this feeling. I think it's him."
"You got news on Lucifer?" Sam raises his voice louder than he really needs to, like he always does.
"Aw, crap." Dean mutters, peering into the rear mirror and slowing to a stop on the edge of the road. It's a backroad in Indiana, so of course it's virtually empty- save for the policemen. Which seems fairly odd, even if he's not all that familiar with standard police procedure.
Cas doesn't want to hear where this is going. He doesn't want to hear what kinds of things Lucifer picked up from deep deep inside his own psyche. Buried there for barely himself to see, or admit.
People just hear stories and believe what they believe without actually thinking about the fact there's real people on the other end of it who actually had to live through the thick of it. Sure, maybe some of those decisions don't look so hot from where you're sitting comfy on your couch, but in the heat of it down in the trenches, things look a helluva lot more different.
"Dean," John, too, sounds relieved, "we thought you were outside."
Sam's eyes shine, and he looks over at Eileen a few booths over. Dean pats his brother on the back and leaves him to join his girlfriend, while Dean finally makes his way back to Cas' company before this turns into too big of a chick flick moment. He realizes he and Cas have spent mostly the whole day together, while everyone else has kind of split off into different groups throughout the day. He had fun with the others too, but he just wanted to be around Cas. He hadn't even thought about it. Didn't seem like Cas had either.
is Sam?"
to die, because it was someone else's plan.
"Good. Great." He shoves his hands into his pockets and steps in line beside Sam, matching his leisured pace.
Dean doesn't break the stride, continuing without a beat, "
Cas: Yes please
Dean tugs a paper plate from the opposite edge of the table and plops it over in front of the angel. Cas stares down at the crispy, golden bread doused in powdered sugar, and leans down to sniff it. He looks back at Dean unsure, but Dean grins wide and nods. Gingerly, Cas picks up the entire loaf and takes a large bite.
He should start taking notes. If the brothers ever pass through this town, he'd be sure to not recommend this establishment on the merit of mattresses alone.
Where's dad?"
for damn sure dad never left enough…
The lid pops open with a faint
"You ever planning on telling us that? Or were you just thinking, 'eh," Dean shrugs exaggeratedly, mocking, "'See em when I see em, I guess?' But you'll drive all the way to Canada to see some dead guy?"
What grown man gives the object of his affection- an angel, who's unlikely to even have any idea what this even means- a mixtape? Of all things.
"Hey, Cas, what do you got?" Dean picks up on the second ring, diving in without wasting a breath.
None of this is even the conversation he'd been aiming for this morning anyways- so maybe he'll just stick to- to a different kind of brotherly pep talk. He seems to be full of those lately.
"Dean, we don't have to talk about it, but I sense that you've been avoiding me partially because you don't know what to say. You don't have to say anything. We'll just go back to the way things were before. I'd prefer that, if that's alright with you."
"I'm sorry, Dean."
"Right..." he shakes his head, eyes flicking down to the sheets, "Yeah..."
“How about this... two words: Bill. Murray.”
. Because he thinks Dean needs to hear them. He has no ulterior motive and that's fucking terrifying because
"Whoa, wait." Dean holds up a hand, as if to pause everyone in place for a second, "
John raises his chin, huffing out an affirmative gruff with a small nod, but he doesn't appear to let his guard down any. They both look back to Dean when he breaks the silence.
The Deja Vu goes without saying. It's different situationally, but Cas’ last time teaming it up with Crowley solo has gotta be on both of their minds. It’s a blip in their long history that shouldn't feel as raw as it still does.
"I don't know," He answers truthfully, "Maybe we're just too similar... too hard-headed for our own good."
Dean sits up and crosses the room, raising the needle off the disk and stopping the table's spin.
Quote page 44:
He doesn't even bother checking the caller ID, "Hello?"
Sam watches him, "You talk to Cas yet?"
“But he
It shouldn't matter. It doesn't. Sometimes he just worries what Dean thinks. If things like this are what fuel people to draw certain conclusions, or mock them for their closeness. He wonders how much it really bothers Dean.
"He was, but now..." he pauses, shifting one foot to the other, voice gentle, "Tell me he hasn't been acting different."
He puts his hand up to his temple, trying to understand the mumblings coming through, but unable to get a clear catch on it. Like words echoing from a thousand miles away, and every time he thinks he gets close enough to hear it, it darts in a different direction.
"Well, yeah, Cas is the best."
"Well, to be fair, so is teleporting," Dean smiles, "But... ta-da."
"So," John clears his throat, nodding to him, "This angel of yours- you're sure putting a lot of faith in him on this one."
"You sure? I heard him walking around all last night." They both settle back at the table, and Sam lowers his voice, "I mean, things are pretty... strained-"
Magda turns to him, then, chains rattling at her arms, voice smaller than before, afraid, "He's inside me. I can hear him whispering. He lets me hear what people are thinking. He lets me do things."
Dean stops at the foot of the stairs, his eyes drawn downwards. His dad not far behind, follows Dean's gaze to the messy splotch of blood on the floor. Several of them. A new one every foot or so trailing the length of the map table all the way towards the steps to the library.
"Stop!" The dark-haired man hollers, weapon raised and trained directly on the center of his chest. When Cas doesn't react, he shakes the gun firmly, "Don't move!"
there, just talking and talking and talking. It's relentless-"
Sam-           br-
"Okay, yeah. Cool. Sounds good. See you then." The words all kind of tumble out in a quick, anxious, huff. It's something Dean does too sometimes- gets flustered mid-conversation and rushes to the end of it.
"Mm, your hair, it's all so bouncy," He laughs, grinning wide.
"Sammy-" Dean holds up a hand, an unsteady one, and fixes him with a look. "I get it, okay."
Something about that thought... pings deep inside Dean's chest. It's one of those things he can't let himself think about.
He wants to tell Cas that maybe if things were different. Maybe if Dean was better and could handle this kind of thing better. Maybe if Cas wasn't a guy. Because the thing is it's not
"Who can you call?"
Silence.
(past time, unknown)
hearing them out, so he takes that as enough reason to continue, "We heard about your family."
loss..." He says it cold, with a laugh, but drops the smile, pointing viciously to himself, "Well…
"And this..." She continues, face contorting with disgust as she claws emphatically at her own face, "meatsuit you all seem to care so much about... she actually fantasized about a life with Asa. Can you believe that? Like that worthless man-"
Cas stands, pushing in his stool, "Let me know if you find anything."
"Right. Okay. Alright." Sam blinks, clearing his throat, "If you're doing so well, uh, name all the members of Bon Jovi."
see it. Which definitely means that Sam saw it, and decided to just never say anything ever. Dean's gonna pencil that in the back of his mind so he remembers to kick Sammy's ass later.
The ringing stops. There was something he was supposed to do with that...
It's been awhile since Dean's actually talked like that. Like he sees himself as the hero instead of the guy just doing a job he's supposed to do cause he's put in too many years already to call it quits and walk away guilt-free.
nice. It's... it's actually very nice.
Sam finds him at the bar of the waffle shack not thirty minutes later, waltzing in with hands in his pockets and that uppity judgmental look in his eye.
"Don't think I won't." She says, turning back to Cas, "And don't think I won't punch
Miriam's splayed out, ashen wings barely spanned into the light of the street. Ishim, beside her, is alive but a little worse for wear, cupping a hand over a wound at his side- blood seeping through his fingers.
to happen. Horrific as that is.
His eyes land on Cas last, who’s already watching him.
doesn't move on, how the hell is Cas ever supposed to?
He had accepted it sometime in the middle there and it's barely crossed his mind since then. He pushed it all down. He pushed down the fact that he's gonna to die young. He pushed down the fact that he can't have a family. He pushed down the fact that he's in love with Cas and has been for years. He pushed it all down over and over again because so what if he's not someone that gets to have those kinds of things? It just gets them all hurt and killed. So what if he can't be in love with someone? It's safer for them if he's not. He's the guy that saves the world so that regular people with regular lives get to have their happy endings. That's never something he was gonna be able to have.
"Yes." Cas slides a hand up and down his thigh, eyes out the window.
He pauses, "Goodnight."
"Because it's
When it's all done- the fire lit and corpses sending that charred scent through the air- Sam and Dean hang back against the Impala while the rest stick close by the pyre for their last goodbyes. Alicia and Max stick a bit further back, too. Asa may have been their dad, but they still didn't really know the man either. Feels weird to really mourn someone when you never got to meet them in the first place.
"Maybe,” Cas smiles, wide and gummy, head tilted back to peer at Dean, his Adam's apple bobbing in the moonlight. A heat washes over Dean's neck, climbing up his ears.
I'm posting this first chapter just so AO3 hops off my dick about deleting the draft a month after I started. I won't be updating until I've finished all the chapters, but I do have several more done, they just need a quick edit. Once done there will be 24-25 chapters total(this chapter has been edited as of 6/24)
Cas steps right up against the barrel.
"Well, you just told me my whole life story. And I gotta be honest, man, I... I can feel it, slipping out of my head." He shakes his head, "I mean, ganking monsters is one thing. But this..."
"Yes."
"You couldn't do it." John shakes his head, scrubbing a hand down his chin, "What'd it cost?"
Cas rolls his eyes but his voice is soft, real, "I wasn't going to kill myself, Dean. I'd only let myself die if it was alongside you, or to save you."
"Ishim…" Cas sighs wearily, settling down to sit on the opposite corner of the couch, "How is she still alive?"
Cas rolls his eyes with a heavy sigh, "Fine, then. Assuming you truly do have no hand in this... thank you. For... caring."
All of these what ifs just swirling around his head all the time, and he's felt guilty as hell for thinking them. These what ifs, like they're proof he's shit and doesn't deserve to have his family back in one piece.
"What are you doing?" John grunts, fighting against his son's grip, "She's a demon. We
"Uh, Dean, do you remember HBO?" Sam asks, same time the woman circles around to Dean's backside, dragging his arm along with her.
Dean points at the fries, mouth full, "That any good?"
Dean snaps his fingers, "Lamp. Right. So close."
He does. Cause Dean’s a thirteen year old girl now.
"It was." Sam stops, looking down, "We both suck at it sometimes- this whole thing. Taking care of each other. We do it wrong... I shouldn't have just dropped off the radar like that. Like- like you did something wrong.
