Tony heaves a sigh and finishes his drink. Clint really
“Steve’s worried about
,” Tony said, still struggling to wriggle free of Clint’s deathgrip around his waist. “Would everyone stop making a fuss? This is ridiculous.”
“All I’m saying is,” Clint says, hands up, “I don’t flash that much of my ass unless I want someone to see it.”
“I once used a similar recipe to seduce a man in Kiev,” Natasha says, while doing something intricate and endlessly impressive with her knives. It’s almost dinnertime, and Natasha, Clint, Tony, and Bruce are all crowded around the kitchen island while Nat and Clint work their way through meal prep.
“So, Nat,” he says, loudly, “this man in Kiev--”
“Hey,” Tony says, “Steve, come on. Words later.”
It’s so stupid, Tony thinks, the way they are about each other. All of them. Thor’s been in Asgard for a month or that park would’ve been lit up by lightning, too.
“Deflection,” Natasha says, half-singing it.
“Hey,” Steve says. He shoulders his way inside. He’s carrying two coffee cups in his hands, and he looks awkward and rumpled and sleepy-eyed. “Coffee?”
Tony made him do it. Steve seemed like the kind to be able to persuade with stunning conviction, and had that stern face and posture of his that made everything he uttered seem official. What was Peter to do, in that moment, if Bruce said no? He was as convincing as a rabbit was of its grit. Nothing would come of his subsequent appeal to negotiate.
“Why, Tony?”
. Stamps of their brand of graduate.”
here, without fearing he’s going to pull a stunt like that again?”
“Can’t you do all of this on-ground?”
he had told himself.
effects of the government’s deprave militant moulding.”
Tony and Steve watched immediately the rope of white lattice emerge from his wrist—like an endless, fibrous vine—and attach itself to the roof embellishment in target. It weakened Peter instantaneously, and according to his own expectation. In all his enervation, Peter swung forward in collapse, let out a low shriek as he, once again, lost sight of his absconding pupils to his head’s swallow. Steve and Tony reached out in reflex, but Peter dropped promptly off the edge of the roof, drew in his webbing without so much as an attempt in the task he had set out to do. He fell flat on the grass beneath him, luck thwarting his collision with nearby cobblestone.
, to be precise, and so it was really no bother, but anytime Coulson needed him he liked to feign irritation) and was situated opposite from his principal in his office. Coulson had an old desk, large and rough and made of decayed wood, with files atop to confirm he was official in whatever manner. Tony knew the desk had been placed judiciously, to his left, in front of the slim windows to shine an emotional glow of rain on Coulson, give him some relatability. But, then again, with his grey suit and hands interlaced, he looked nothing more than bloodless faculty.
“This is ridiculous,” he said, gave up. “Don’t know who told you to harass the nerd and tell him to divide by zero, but I’m done entertaining.”
busy. I’m up to my ears in AP Spanish, and—"
Regardless, he wouldn’t call.
before. Are you implying that, at this point, you’d be awake and moving around without your knowledge?
Steve contemplated that with great sincerity, tried to picture something. Someone. “To be honest, I wouldn’t know.”
It seemed his memory was conditional. He decided that was it for the day.
“Shouldn’t you be putting something on those?” Tony asked, deepened further his stare. “Like a
~ ~ ~
“Down the hall, turn right, then left,” Tony instructed. “When you see the columns, turn right again.”
“It explains why you seem so familiar to me, and—”
tie—with a blue, whirring glow shining from his remorseful heart and into the room in which Bruce had just closed the lights. It illuminated upon him a pained, calm expression.
of it—Tony refused to throw anymore sawdust at the fire, let the flecks spark like gullible gasps and arm-locked retention. He wasn’t going to let Steve sway his focus, use the moment's forged vulnerability against himself to pounce. And Tony had things he needed to find out about himself, let alone other people, so the whole debacle did nothing more than waste his time and make him fret.
taking notes so I can try out for next season. You gotta give me a chance."
“Right now?”
Tony skirted around the tables, took immediately to examining the apparatuses and all their height with quick, educated glances. It had been a minute since Howard had let him frolic among the labs back at home—been a minute since he could work on
When he had heard conveniently that talk of an engineering facility, an ample space previously omitted from their school without acceptable reason, he let his conjectures about his heart soar.
“Could you phone him?”
Also, tags will begin to change once they become a bit more relevant, and that includes new characters. :)
) the line went dead.
“Bullshit, Rogers," Tony began, waved his hands around in gesture of his figure. “
Nevertheless, Tony wasn’t complaining. He didn’t want to test the limits of his new heart, anyway.
~ ~ ~
Steve rubbed his mouth. Both himself and Tony were in great thought, wondered deeply their relation and just
Jarvis paused again, this time in further deliberation. And, then, came a clearing of the throat. “One moment.”
When he looked up, Tony had started in the other direction. Left him there.
“We’re doing this for your wellbeing, Tony. To have someone looking out for you.”
Against his warning—because that’s what Tony does, hates when people tell him
And then Dr. Fury—who
“I heard you’re pretty good at science,” Steve said suddenly.
“What—” Peter tried weakly. “What does that… ?”
through association, nevertheless—and be locked within its grasp to be considered statured. He was, already, a Stark. Why he’d need a leg-up in the manner his principal was suggesting seemed… ill-fitting. Suspicious, almost. Tony could sense it.
“I need to use this place to find out more about my heart.”
Holding a leather bag he had Jarvis retrieve from Stark Tower, Tony moved towards the car’s passenger seat. He leaned into the opened window, addressed his driver whose face was stuck in a sour meditation. “Cheer up, Jarvis,” he said. "I could
They stood in silence for a period or so of thought. Bruce couldn’t find the words to proceed with, and Tony refused to for the sake of the unspoken sincerity between them. It was—more so that a re-meeting—a moment of two friends comprehending the barren lives of the other without speech, without comment, and he thought it needed to be savoured. Bruce played with his pants, looked down. Tony held a hand on his backpack strap, like an anchor of the present. After a minute more, he put his hands in his pocket.
thinking about Peter. About his unusual abilities, about what they could possibly do. What they could possibly
need your help,” was all he said; his concluding plea.
, by the way."
Tony saluted Jarvis, stood up and out of the window.Needing any of them was an ambitious assumption. While he knew he could depend on his driver, who had been answering to the Starks and himself for a variety of years, his own parents were another story. Needing either of them was a fantasy; impossible. Tony never let it happen.
And throughout the rest of the hour-and-a-half—until Fury came to both kick him out and take his rightful muffin—Tony was
“Good,” Tony said. "Respect your technologically-enhanced elders.”
The nurses, who obscured the passing lights of the hospital’s ceiling as they spoke him awake, tried to hook his fleeting consciousness as they wheeled him to immediate medical help.
Bruce breathed, thought for a moment with his pen to his mouth, and then decided to stand. He tightened a leaver on the set in front of him, and placed his pen to his notebook that displayed lines and shapes of illegible, blue scribbling. Shrugging off his lab coat, he stepped in front of Peter and set for the door. Peter promptly followed behind him, saying nothing more.
The former sighed, stared at his old friend. “Looks like Peter's heartfelt plea failed to penetrate,” he begun, “and so, now, I’m offering monetary bribes. To whom should I make out the cheque? The
And then there went Tony's odd look.
out of the way.”
that?”
“If it’s too late, though, feel free to—“
“I should make sure he doesn’t—"
“Not too long ago,” Peter managed. “I was bitten."
“I won’t.” Tony mediated on the idea, squinted into it, held onto his lip. "I want to do tests. Measure voltage. Make small, eased incisions. Small, eased,
(more than what Bruce was used to) that his usual work became nothing more than a brief fragment of scientific interest? Of, almost, amateurish nature? All this occurring was almost upon his unspoken request for activity, tumult,
for today,” Tony said, found himself with a hand on Peter’s arched shoulder.
Tony looked at it, sighed, spun to face him. “This… is the wrong one.”
Steve moved towards the rows of cluttered tables that distanced himself from Tony with inconvenience. In a sudden, violent,
There was something about his expression that matched the day outside, something dark under which the yellow lights of the facility shadowed his acute, detached
He pointed a shaky finger at it. “That… that can
“It’s not,” Steve clarified, held his hands up in defence.
“I… I need some air.”
doubt he has explicated it to you in its entirety.”
“What, the name didn’t give it away?” Tony looked up at Steve, saw he was unmoved at that. He raised a brow, then contemplated to himself. “Which
If their school, however, were forced to favour a science, it was always biological. The stigma of wealthy doctors arising from prestigious academies was, hence, still an outdated statute.
,” Peter blurted out, fast and acute, balled his fists in courage, and that shut Tony up. “When I agreed to come over here, I didn’t think we were going to do
Coulson joined his hands again. “Tony, after your…incident, it occurred to us that it is indeed a pertinent issue many students, with ample talent, are being preoccupied by lesser ventures.”
what I’m talking about, Parker!”
Tony was barely stable, but he
~ ~ ~
Steve let his tensed figure relax again. He watched Tony work, put his hands in his pockets. “You made all that in one evening?"
organic problem, and I don’t know shit about behavioural ordeals. Then, it was just sheer luck that I found you. That’s two things in a row. Two non-mechanical things.” Tony let up again, went silent for a moment, deliberated. “And my
Tony eyed Steve, and in the gesture he communicated almost fear in passioned eyes, glass eyes. The fear of the overlooked son. Steve could see it, chose to attack it.
“Oh, no, we’re not easing up now.” Tony softly slapped the table in emphasis. “But this isn’t my area of expertise. Interesting, yes, but not self-serving."
He had been pulled out of class (
Tony exhaled, put his tools and wires down, used his hands to rest upon the bench's edges and looked straight through Steve. He saw an actual undershirt this time—white, and beneath the uniformed guise of the blazer—which had cutout a hole for a blue, shining face that projected from Tony's chest. Steve raised his expression at it a moment. He’d never seen anything like it.
“It’s okay.” He glanced down again, pouted as though he were checking a watch for the time. “Colour's quite nice.”
, but can a man enjoy his plebeian fodder without judgement?
“He’s been trying to help me himself,” Peter began, “but—"
Steve stood in the wide arch that led to the breadth of Tony’s workspace. He kept his eyes on Tony, said nothing, moved nothing. Tony squinted in confusion at his stasis, turned around properly to face Steve's still figure behind him.
“Has your father ever worked someplace other than your family business?”
is normal?”
, and Steve didn’t have much say on it. Then, later in the day, Tony would work on what he had to, and Steve would sift through his homework at a bench different from his. Eventually he would come over to watch him diligently, work closer to him, and wait for an update in whatever he seemed busy in, like he expected Tony to share such with him and that everything he did was all towards helping him in the end. But they didn’t speak much, other than Tony easing Steve with the casual, impartial question about himself, his
“Shouldn’t be much of a surprise.” Tony shook a deducing finger. “Weren’t you anticipating me a minute ago?”
you complaining about me to Maria while I was under. If anything, I’m giving you a break.”
“But they
” Then, he pondered out into the distance. “Kinda thinking now that, maybe, that stare was only ever reserved for me.”
His principal exhaled curtly. “We want our students to succeed. Yourself included.”
Steve put his hands on his hips. “That’s one way to put it.”
for him to do so—Tony held the hand with the beam pad up in defence and mashed his left palm on his laptop in which the wiring accruing simulation detached.
The idea that Steve was meditating on the image of him, for one reason or another, made Tony wary about leaving him alone; his name was burned in his subconscious and his temper was a withering candle wick. Tony, on this notion, deduced it would be
Tony quickly gripped his bag again from the ground, stood straight, tried his hardest with one hand to re-clip the strap. Especially atop the bulbous shape of his heart, there was no use. “Dammit.”
“I think I’ll have to pass, Coulson."
“Give or take. Added to it whenever I had time during the day.” Tony turned to face him. “Which, you know, is never.”
He continued his way over to a house as mature as the rest of the school, but externally unkempt.
Tony walked into it all, looked around in a sort of awe. At the echoed sound of his steps, Dr. Fury—who shifted a box onto a nearby bench—turned around.
“Well,” Tony said, widened his eyes at the insensate false-ball on the ground. “Looks like I was right.”
“So, uh, Peter said it happened again.”
“It was reminiscence,” Jarvis said earnestly. “Just reminding ourselves of the good and the bad of you. The good, mainly.” He shifted. "Well, I suppose everything’s a good memory when—"
Bruce almost did a double-take. “As in
Tony squinted at him. “You good, Rogers?”
Tony believed the facility resembled a home more so than the other infrastructure, with a portion of its first floor glassed completely as though sporting an attached greenhouse. How it related to the advancement of engineering was dichotomous and ironic, with all the reddish brick, manorial embellishments, snaked ivy on its external. But the facility—which had evidently been built for living or non-scientific ventures—stood and was to stay, regardless of what Tony thought of it. He was thankful for its existence, nevertheless.
“With all your time down there, I mean."
“There a good reason you called me in here, Coulson?”
“We’ve never expressed that,” Coulson rebutted. “We attend to our divisions based on our proposed budget. Financing is released in sectors, and we have a timeline as to what departments acquire what—"
“Would you like me to escort you inside?” Tony’s driver asked, turned around frailly to face him seated at the back of the car.
Three, was to find out who that boy was.
“Your father requested he only be interrupted when it is urgent."
Tony decided three things in that moment. One, was to not alert help. It was selfish, sure, but the student’s back rose and fell in breathing—there was no signs of threatening injury, which eased his decision to leave him—and Tony knew that the heavier downpour would pelt down, though rude, an awakening.
Peter nodded, felt the wind up there slap his face. “Yes."
“Hell, I wouldn’t even care if it were a hot, raging pink.” Fury leaned in serious. “Go ask your
Tony cleared his throat. “I wouldn’t, exactly, use the word
Once down the hall, and Bruce had folded his coat in two halves, Peter spoke redirection.
was the scrutiny that Tony was talking about: an unspoken expectation of explanation (he had only said one word, though it was very much apparent) which Peter sensed came from interrupting him. He looked around, dimmed his voice to work below the silent room. “Uh… Principal Coulson wishes to see you in his office.”
“And you want to sift our kids out to them?” Tony asked.
Coulson breathed in through the nose, prepared his answer. Something told Tony he wouldn’t favour what he was about to hear. “Well, we’re more focused on
“When you’re lying in a hospital bed with no hope?”
“It’s a nice place."
“How hard even
He removed it from his ear promptly, stared at the call’s end on the screen. His subsequent breath trembled with humiliation. “
bulbous chest had been waiting patiently for an opening in his time. It was thanks to Fury’s compassion that it could find one.
Tony stood. “You know, if this thing in my heart was as volatile as you're insinuating it is, my father wouldn’t have allowed it in the first place.”
“Ah, that’s right. The old fog.” Tony raised his eyebrows at the activity in his hands that ensued. “Looks like
know encouragement, don’t you?"
,” Tony said, and stood up from the bleacher with a heave. "I won’t take up anymore of your time.”
“Actually, uh, through here,” he said behind him, and pointed towards an empty corridor that branched from the path.
Tony stopped in interest. He squinted, tried to discern who the student was, what he happened to be doing outside when the sky would weep at any moment. All he could see, from his position, was a short, hunkered back, the behind of browned hair, and the individual’s displaced focus out onto unseen ground. His predictions of weather came appropriately, and a few weighty droplets fell atop Tony’s cheeks. He kept watch of the student a moment, told himself that if nothing was too overtly suspicious he’d continue on his way.
Peter then took some deep breaths, waited a bit. He nodded shakily, perked himself up at a sudden whim of small recovery. “Can… Can we do it now?” he asked. "I’m getting my second wind. I don’t know for how long, though.”
Coulson looked at him with a bit more intent. “I’ve also been informed you’ve been spending a considerable amount of time in our new engineering facility.”
It had been a week or so since Tony first met Steve. Nothing about the encounter had been particularly inspiring, except in that of creating a plan to filch in and out of classes promptly, quietly, and return to his dorm for the solitude Principal Coulson promised him not. There had been dry greetings—mainly on Tony’s part, as a result of his dismissiveness—and a couple more directives spewed when Steve had inevitably gotten lost. But it was
“What’s with the face?” Tony asked, looked him up and down.
Tony’s face screwed almost in offence. He found himself pointing to his chest. The face of his pacer shone bluer than ever. “Do you think
It was a glass of
“And, let me guess…” Tony pointed to himself.
“Look, Tony,” Peter began. “It… it was
Steve hadn’t been watching Tony, per se, but he knew where to find him.
But Peter was also quite alone in all of his unusualness, and the engineering facility was an intriguing face staring out at him from the school’s chair edge. Being half a year new himself, his friends weren’t something he'd consider them so. Peter believed referring to them sounded less jarring (and much more
” He turned around, gestured to the name sprawled atop his jersey’s back in green block letters. “
“Good,” Tony said, kept his acute stare on his work. "Don’t question.”
And from his right soccer shoe, Tony noticed a cream-coloured lattice that held the soccer ball to his upper like a dog on a leash. He scored another goal.
spatial equivalent
large quantity.
“Must be lots of practice.”
Tony Stark, previously hospitalised, returned to his school under the bleak grey of an odd Monday.
friend. “Things have changed, Bruce.” He looked down at his chest, felt atop the cotton of his shirt and gripped lightly the bright face. He gestured to it with his eyes, made sure Bruce could see it. “You know Barton did this to me?”
Peter breathed heavy in a determination that had briefly concocted with his fear.
“You’d know by the state of things if you did,” Tony affirmed. He brought a screwdriver to his hand. “And Peter's fine. Says he understands you, isn’t scared either. Honestly, I think he’s just saying that to rub it in.”
Her face scrutinised in suspicion. “There’s nothing
Tony slimmed his lips, looked back up at him. “You’re not going to like what I’m about to say."
Howard, who sat at his bedside only once, with dry eyes and a firm hold on his forearm. No emotion. No tears.
He examined his peer in question, who darted through his opposition with close possession of the ball. For all the spreading himself thin he did, he was exceptional at the sport. A
“Not your house, Tony,” Bruce called over.
“Why do you think?”
Steve, at the other end of the table, rubbed his mouth. “Then why do it?”
Peter looked at him with some confusion. “Why?"
Tony wasn't ashamed of what they did to him. Hell, the surgery saved his
—would put a lot of things in jeopardy for him.
Tony then turned around properly, gave his back to the situation, and walked out. What a businessman he was.
“Though there
Tony eyed him a moment. He was a jock-type, a large frame squeezed into a shirt and tight sweater, hair normal. An athletic boy also, almost
“Peter, you’re not weird—”
Tony attempted to recline on the hard chair he was seated at. With obvious reason, it didn’t budge.
as properly)! I'm really excited for the rest of the characters to become regulars too. Chapters are getting a bit longer each update, but I'm sure they'll become more consistent in size once all the introductions are out of the way.
him), and so in negotiation he was not to go anywhere for that moment. While Fury had taken Steve to retrieve a first aid kit from the front office, Peter remained under Tony’s
“Mope around and agonise over our differences?” Tony chewed some more on his sandwich. “
, as equally thick in consistency as it was the muted colour of the sun the students at the school had surely forgotten. Peter picked it up with great struggle, managed to look at it through drooping eyes.
Steve painted a good picture of concern towards Tony’s nonchalance. “Am I meant to be?”
“Tony—"
“He wasn't.”
Tony squinted. “I wouldn’t want you to know him, anyway. I wouldn’t want
Tony poked softly at Steve’s head. He drew senselessly-fluttered eyelashes from Steve, a twitch of the mouth, but nothing more. Courage growing at Steve’s immobility, Tony moved nearer to him, leaned closer in to his placid face. He examined him, wondered if his bones had broken, if his blood had pacified in the same way his own had after Clint’s thrashing.
“I told Tony I just wanted to be normal, which is true. But I also thought,
“Mind over matter."
tampering with a pacemaker—or, whatever that thing is—could kill you, right? Look at what putting in that needle barely did.”
adamant to ensure your continued education here is safe.”
Steve’s aura matched that of Tony’s previous tyrant.
“And you said knowledge on
“Science?”
is considered normal?”
me to help you, or not?”
In that manner, his principal was right, and Tony knew it. Getting beaten, bruised,
Bruce sighed. Tony took that as cue to continue.
“I said that?” Tony asked himself, pondered. “Huh. Guess I did.”
at the head of it all?” Tony asked. “To pose distraction with a pretty face? Feign legitimacy?”
, and—"
“I’m… I’m
“Yes?”
And then, like bad timing thought itself a saviour of the day, the front door of the facility opened in entrance. Tony stilled, widened his eyes into Steve’s weakened own, and scooted closer to him, hid himself from the view of the inciting hallway behind a table. He turned his head towards the arch devoid of the bifold doors. The shadowed, crisp footsteps of Dr. Fury’s stride fell into Tony’s line of view. He paused.
Tony turns curious eyes Clint’s direction, where he might be making drinks but also might just be harassing some limes he found.
Tony immediately shifts his focus, damn near straining his neck turning to stare hopefully out the front windows. He’d be embarrassed about it, except Barton goes up on his tip toes to see farther.
“Right,” Tony says. “You were on watch.”
“Look,” he says. “I know SI’s history. I know what Stane did. I know the SI logo has been a target on your chest for a while, but I wore the colors during wartime, Tony. I wore them as a
Tony thinks about Clint and Natasha, shortening the rope that always ties them together. He thinks about Bruce dodging to the lab to start working on a suit that would auto-detect weapons in a crowd and deploy shields before they were fired. He thinks about himself, in that bleary span of time after Steve’s shield deflected a bullet meant to splatter his brains in front of dozens of first graders; he thinks about directing JARVIS to commandeer the quinjet and fly the team to a remote, heavily fortified island in the Caribbean. He thinks about how, in that moment, he was a danger to all of them, and he still couldn’t bring himself to leave them behind.
“Right,” Tony says, launching himself to his feet with a quickness that would’ve spilled his drink, if there were any drink left to spill. “Let’s eat.”
She looks up. She’s doing something absolutely vicious to the pineapple. Between her and Barton, fruit on this island must be running scared.
– actually fit. “Hey, Tony?” he says, as Tony starts toward the bedroom.
“Well, Jesus.” Tony’s rethinking his abandonment of that whiskey bottle. “I didn’t know it was fantasy sharing time, Cap. I would’ve brought visual aids for mine.”
me. I hated myself.”
Steve squints suspiciously around at the four of them. “Have you all been sitting here drinking the whole time?’
“Smells amazing,” Steve tells her. He gives her a friendly, easy smile that he has never once directed Tony’s way – not that Tony is counting, or keeping score, or obsessing about why his score is always so
– and then glances toward the rest of them.
, and Clint,
- - -
“No,” Steve says. “I don’t--”
Steve breathes out. His eyes are shuttered for a second. Tony hasn’t seen that look on his face since the early days, when the good Captain was still midway through defrost.
“Could stretch it to seventy-two,” Tony murmurs, leaning up to press a kiss to the underside of Steve’s jaw, “if we tell them Barton got eaten by an iguana.”
“Not the
and--”
. Even if Steve almost never uses it.
“He’s hoping you need some help handling yourself,” Clint says, after a moment. “He’s volunteering for handling duty. He’s enlisting in hands on--”
Tony doesn’t fully understand the nature of their relationship, but he knows they close ranks after any kind of danger. And even if the threat wasn’t aimed their direction, and even if they’re being remarkably lackadaisical about the whole thing, he’s noticed that the two of them haven’t been more than ten feet apart all evening.
Tony could explain all of that, but he is, right now, done with trying to explain himself to Steve Rogers.
“It’s not
“Steve’s got him,” Natasha said. “You’re safe.”
That wasn’t just an invitation to every enemy soldier. Civilians would take shots at me, too. With the last of whatever ammo they’d saved. They saw the colors, and they--”
Steve gives him a patient look. “What I’m saying is that I get it. Alright? And now that it’s not me anymore, I get why Bucky was so pissed off all the time about me not just wearing a regulation uniform.”
Steve frowns. “But it would be--”
“Gentleman,” Natasha says. Her tone is even and pleasant. Her grip on that spatula has changed in a subtle but extraordinarily menacing way. “Dinner’s ready.”
Steve turns that look of exasperated disbelief on Tony. “What the hell is wrong with you, Stark? Someone almost shoots you in the head, and you go on
But it’s still better than whatever room temperature tap water Steve’s knocking back. Probably.
“People remember the dancing,” Steve says. He doesn’t sound bitter; if anything, he sounds confused, like he’s not sure how he got so lucky. “They remember the dancing and the singing and punching Hitler in the face. People used to spit on me, Tony. I’d show up in cities where women had already lost their brothers and husbands and ask for their sons and their life savings, too. People
“Oh, Steve,” Natasha calls back, in a flattering baritone, “why don’t I just antagonize you from a safe distance instead? It’s foreplay.”
spiked the tequila with something psychedelic. He isn’t always in the best headspace when he retreats to this particular island.
Tony scowls down at his empty glass and tries to decide if he can justify refilling it. “He’s a soldier. He should be used to that.”
Clint snorts. “Then you’d better leave Bruce with us, too. You can’t make him play third wheel to the Rogers-Stark show. He’d throw himself into the ocean and
, Steven, people have been trying to hurt me for a very long time. I was kidnapped for the first time at age eight. I’m not exactly a beloved figure. ‘Merchant of Death,’ remember? When it isn’t AIM, or Loki, or Vanko, or the Ten Rings, sometimes it’s just people I’ve hurt. And I’ve hurt a lot of people. Sometimes they buy guns and try to shoot me at scheduled Avengers events, and there’s really nothing I can do about that other than stop attending, which I am happy to do if--”
,” Steve says, and it’s the sharpness of his voice that shuts Tony up. It’s sure as hell not his name, because he hears his name all the time. People shout it from street corners and lean out of cars to yell it whenever they see him. It’s not his
“Run,” Tony advises, tipping his head back in surrender. “Save yourselves. You know he only really wants to yell at me.”
In the morning, Tony feels lightly hungover, and it’s anybody’s guess as to whether that has more to do with the adrenaline crash or the alcohol. He lounges in bed for a while, putting off the moment when he’ll have to face the news articles and the subsequent stock drop, but he sits up when there’s a hesitant knock at his door.
- - -
a margarita prodigy, although his free-pouring technique lacks the accuracy and consistency of his sharpshooting. “Rogers, I’m sorry this little corporate spat interrupted your photo op. I’m sorry you had to use the shield in front of all those kids. I’m sorry we were pulled off active duty and have to spend a weekend in a tropical paradise while--”
Tony’s expecting something dismissive, another joke for their back-and-forth. But Steve’s face softens in the sunrise glow, and it’s better than any fond eyeroll he’s directed at Barton, any friendly smile he’s given to Nat. It’s sweet and genuine and perfect.
“Tony,” Natasha says, and there’s really no discernable change in her tone or her body language, but there’s something in the way she’s looking at him that seems substantial, significant. “He’s lost a lot. I don’t think he’s prepared to take emotional risks right now. The first move has to be yours.”
one of those. But Barton and Romanoff are their own kind of family, and they’ve provisionally adopted Bruce, and Steve is Steve Rogers, so he’s welcome anywhere that isn’t a terrorist camp or Hydra base. So it’s like living with a family. It’s like renting a room in someone else’s house, if that house happened to belong to him and the family consisted of full-grown adults who never really learned how to pick up after themselves.
- - -
“Oh,” Steve says. He grins, heedless and a little dopey. He looks nothing at all like a recruitment poster or a magazine cover. It’s special, and private, and just for Tony.
“You can bring a man to paradise,” Tony says, awhile later, “but you can’t make him relax.”
“You’re an impressive guy, Tony,” Steve says, a little too breathless to be casual.
, he realizes,
over you, Rogers. There’s no more serious than I already am.”
Steve makes the kind of rumbling noise of disapproval that Tony seems uniquely qualified to provoke. Barton’s managed it once or twice, usually by hurtling himself off a building or flirting outrageously over the comms, but Tony is easily the reigning champion of pissing off Captain America in sixty seconds or less.
“Well, I’m not some helpless baby chick,” Tony says.
Clint breathes a happy sigh and starts working on his belt. “God bless you, Stark.”
When she came back, her knuckles were bruised and there was blood splattered across the fingers she used to lift Tony’s chin to the light. When she stared down at him, there was something feral and broken-open in her eyes that slowly sealed itself shut as she looked him over.
Tony can tell, from the tightness of his shoulders and the flat, thin-lipped line he’s bullied his mouth into, that Steve does not approve of the accommodations.
“JARVIS told me,” Steve says, sounding distant. He’s crouched, investigating the integrity of the window sill. “Stark,” he says, “there’s a gap--”
“Incompetent,” Tony says. “Got it.”
“What,” Tony says, a little flatter than he means to. He’s holding the whiskey like a teddy bear. He sets it back down before he embarrasses himself further.
“Steve changed out of his uniform before he left,” she tells him. “Last I saw, he was running this island in a pair of running shorts that looked like they belonged to Pepper Potts.”
unsettled.
Tony rolls his eyes, pours himself another round. “Why would he be worried? No one’s shooting at him.”
Tony kisses him, because he can’t not. He can’t help it. It’s all he’s wanted to hear, maybe since the moment he laid eyes on Steve Rogers brawling with a Norse god in Berlin.
? We should be--”
It makes sense, of course, that Steve would worry about him. He’s Tony’s Captain. He’s the leader of the team.
“It’s Stark-Rogers,” Tony says. “Wait. No. It’s nothing. There’s no show. There’s no hyphen. There’s nothing.”
“God bless America,” Tony adds, in resolute agreement.
“Connecting bathroom, separate bedrooms,” Tony announces, as he herds Natasha into her room. Clint bops along right behind her, certain of his welcome in a way that Tony is not even the least bit jealous of. “Or if you’d rather--”
“I can’t,” Steve says, pulling away just far enough to start mouthing the words against Tony’s neck. “I can’t do this if it’s casual, Tony. I’m not--”
“Yeah,” Tony says, knocking back his whiskey with grim resolution, “it’s Steve.”
Steve runs a hand through his hair. It’s the only part of him that seems to know they’re in the tropics. The salt water and sunshine made it curl, just a little.
“Stark,” Steve starts, eyes narrowed.
shooting at him.”
Tony doesn’t have words, exactly, for how it makes him feel, the idea that Steve thinks about the Avengers in the same way that he thought about the Howling Commandos. It’s possible Tony’s overinvested in this team. It’s possible he’s already in too deep, has no chance of making it back to shore.
Except this is exactly how he’s treated back at the Tower, where the Avengers have settled to the point of casual disregard. Tony’s been doing his best not to be charmed by the knives Natasha leaves lying around or the empty energy drinks and protein bar wrappers that clutter up behind Barton like breadcrumbs. He refuses to be warmed by the sight of Bruce’s research journals –
“No shit?” Barton says, as he mercilessly juices the limes, eyes pinned out the window. “Rogers is giving the seagulls a free show?”
“The thing is,” Steve says, slow and careful and resolute, bracing himself, “I was standing right beside you, and you almost died. And that happens a lot. Nature of the job. But I wouldn’t have been fast enough if I wasn’t paying so much attention to you.” He takes a breath. He’s staring hard at his own hand, curled around his coffee cup. “I’m always looking at you, Tony.”
- - -
Tony stares at him. There’s a moment, just then, between the two of them. Tony can feel it stretching out. He hears Natasha,
,” Steve repeats, doing an awful lot of yelling for a man who thirty seconds ago declared he wasn’t going to, “in the
“Sleep well?” Steve asks, taking a sip of the coffee with a carefully casual air about him.
,” Tony says, “I’m the favorite.”
“Yeah?” he asks. He’s not sure who he’s expecting. Barton, maybe, who doesn’t always respect personal space and has crashed into Tony’s bed at high speeds in the past, seeking sanctuary after pulling Thor’s pigtails or swiping Natasha’s weaponry.
Tony appreciates Barton’s dedication to tropical metaphors, but he wishes, as he salutes them with the Kahlúa bottle, that he would at least have the decency to make any damn sense at all.
“Thanks for letting us stay here,” Barton throws out, with one of those rare resurrections of his Midwestern manners. “Much better than lockdown in a SHIELD facility.”
Tony blinks at him. He hasn’t been safe since he was eight years old and the first batch of intrepid kidnappers finagled their way past his father’s assigned security detail. “Cap, we’re Avengers. None of us are safe. I can’t give you that.”
“Steve loves running perimeters,” Tony says. “He puts himself on watch at the Tower all the time. Seriously. The guy does perimeter checks of the penthouse every night.”
,” Steve tells him.
this whiskey. He bought it, years ago, to impress Obie. Which means he really bought it to impress Howard.
Tony raps his knuckles against the counter, not even trying to keep the disappointment off his face. “You could at least describe what you were wearing.”
“Family tradition.” Tony cradles the bottle protectively against his chest. “This is how Dad did guilt. Mom preferred Merlot, but we’ll save that for dinner. I’m not an animal, Steven.”
, putting space between them. “Tony, I mean it. I’m not--”
“You’re a saint,” Tony tells him. Steve’s a saint, and Tony’s a sinner, and he should really stop staring at the way that t-shirt is straining valiantly over the heavy muscles of Steve’s chest.
Barton gives Tony a look of sympathy and then slaps Tony bracingly on the shoulder. “Fish or cut bait, Stark,” he says.
, but the only legendary thing about it is the way Steve moves his tongue in Tony’s mouth, the heat of Steve’s hand wrapping around his waist, the weight of him, pressing Tony’s back against the bed. It’s perfect. It’s Steve Rogers instead of Captain America, and Tony’s acquainted enough now with both of them to know which one he prefers.
Steve seems momentarily scandalized into silenced by that speech. Or maybe it’s Clint abruptly dropping his pants that does it. Either way, Steve makes an aggrieved sound in the back of his throat and shoots a glare at
“He’s such a diva,” Tony says, under his breath.
“Sure,” he says, keeping his voice soft and his tone upbeat. “Did you?”
“My God.” Bruce sounds alarmed. This is exactly why Tony stopped asking Barton about the circus.
Clint shrugs, glancing over his shoulder just long enough to grin. “Well, Cap, guess I’d just posthumously take over your place as world’s most favorite Avenger.”
The next thought should probably be
“Sure,” Clint says, with an agreeable shrug. “Hey, Nat, Bruce, let’s get out of here so Tony and Steve can fight in peace.”
“Tony,” Bruce says, “he’s
Steve turns to frown after Clint, hands going to his hips in classic Disapproving Captain fashion. “Barton, do you really think--”
“Okay,” Tony says, setting aside the glass of water Steve had handed him five minutes ago, “is this some kind of anxious quirk or do you honestly think I’m incompetent?”
“Amber--- what?” Steve says, brow furrowing.
Steve makes a small, sharp gesture with his hands. His mouth twists up in a grimace. “The thing about war is that people sometimes do things in your name that are just as bad as what you’re fighting against. Some of those civilians had damn good reasons for shooting at any American flag they saw. So I wore it, to make sure they shot at me.”
Steve comes jogging up the path in a pair of offensively small bright blue jogging shorts. He’s shirtless and windswept and glistening –
time,” Clint hedges. “There was a break when I had to go juice more limes.”
Steve’s in the master suite, honest-to-God double-checking the manual window locks. As far as Tony knows, those locks are purely decorative, but he sees no reason to mention that as Steve paces from one to the other, running his thumb along the tiny metal latches like he thinks he needs to physically investigate the durability of each one.
“Tony,” Natasha says, before Steve can work his way to another objection, “show us to our rooms?”
where’d we be?”
“Steve, you morning make-out terrorist,” Tony says, deeply aggrieved, “get back here.”
to work on something complicated as an excuse not to help Tony with that whiskey he brought to the lab.
“Oh, sure.” Tony climbs to his feet. On his way out, just to make some kind of point even he doesn’t fully understand, he grabs that bottle of Kahlúa and tucks it under his arm like a trophy.
“Oh my God.” Tony presses his hand to his chest, right over his arc reactor. “You guys heard that, right? Everyone heard that? I made the team. No take-backsies, Cap. You already said it.”
“Tony,” Bruce says, with that saint-like patience he trots out whenever he’s feeling particularly tested, “you almost caught a bullet with your face right in front of him.”
Steve nods. He looks lost, standing there in borrowed clothes that must’ve been Rhodey’s because they almost –
“He’s a mother hen,” Bruce counteroffers.
“Well, that’s.” Tony pauses, thinks it over. Steve’s in his penthouse damn near every night, wandering from room to room, making awkward small talk about upcoming or completed missions while he eyes each window like it has personally disappointed him.
“I mean, Barton’s having a hell of a time.” Tony
Tony blinks at her. “What are you talking about?”
Yesterday, after the shot ricocheted off Steve’s shield, Clint tackled Tony bodily to the ground and wrapped himself around him, ankle-to-ankle and temple-to-temple, so any bullets that came at Tony would have to go through Clint first. Bruce went green in an instant, roaring, and Natasha was gone even faster, sprinting through the crowd with the single-minded focus of a predator after prey.
The echoing pop of the tequila bottle opening feels like a clear and decisive endorsement.
“He doesn’t--” Tony huffs, stutters. “He doesn’t
Clint shrugs and does not look ashamed. “I watch it with Happy. He thinks it’s elegant.”
It’s unsettling, sometimes, catching glimpses of Steve Rogers behind the grand, bunting-draped bulwark of Captain America.
“Done,” Natasha says. She appears out of the hallway, towel around her neck, dressed in a bikini that Tony is reasonably certain she wasn’t wearing under her uniform earlier.
Steve rolls his eyes. There’s a blush settling in along the lines of his cheekbones, and Tony has never been so enchanted in his life.
Steve shrugs. “Didn’t sleep.”
“Would have a much cheaper liquor stash,” Natasha says. “And we’d have to steal it from the junior agents.”
“I’m, uh.” Bruce stalls out, eyes flicking among the group, settling very briefly on Barton’s bare ass before skipping desperately skyward. “There’s a lab, right? Tony, please tell me there’s a lab.”
voice.
“Sure,” Natasha says.
“Here,” Steve says, when he gets close. JARVIS helpfully decreases the opacity of the windows, letting in some morning sunlight as Steve peers curiously aroundbefore deciding to settle on the foot of Tony’s bed, staring out at the water.
“Forty-eight hours,” Steve repeats. He sounds cautiously delighted. He sounds like someone who’s not sure he’s earned this.
“That just makes you a piss-poor patriot,” Clint says, dismissively.
It’s possible – maybe, just maybe, he’s trying not to jinx the theory by asking it to hold too much weight too early on – that Tony’s not this team’s landlord. It’s possible he’s been one of them all along.
Steve runs a hand through his hair. The smile he directs toward Tony is rueful. “Sorry,” he says. “I’m just not used to—with the Howlies, we were never that far apart, after an incident. I never had to leave any of them alone.”
“This is a safehouse, Cap,” Tony tells him. “Safest one I have.”
Natasha and Clint share a long look. Clint’s expression is bleak, almost pained. Natasha looks fond and amused and exasperated, the way she does whenever Clint’s done something especially asinine in the middle of a firefight.
. He could ask for a controlling interest in SI; he could ask for half of Tony’s cars. He could ask for all the vibranium in the world. He could ask for the world. He could ask for
“Basement,” Tony confirms. “We’ll go over the blueprints once Cap’s done being disappointed in me.”
The look he gets this time is a little less patient. “I want you to be safe.”
“C’mon,” Tony says, putting his hands back on Steve’s hips and pulling him close. “We’re benched for another forty-eight hours while SHIELD finishes its threat analysis.”
“They attacked Tony,” Natasha says. She turns away from the grill just long enough to point her spatula Tony’s direction. “It was an SI-related assassination attempt, Steve. They weren’t after the Avengers.”
“Steve,” Tony says, as patiently as he can, “I had a near-death experience and whisked you off to a tropical paradise. I almost made Barton row himself home in a dinghy yesterday for ogling you too much. I let you sleep on the couch because I respected you too much to take you to bed. I am
“Okay!” Bruce stands up. He does a strange, agitated little jazz hands maneuver and nearly capsizes his drink in the process. “Okay, that’s great. Nat, are the burgers ready?”
The swimsuit is Pepper’s, probably. This safehouse is stocked with clothes for him, Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey. He hadn’t thought to send over a shipment with clothes for the team. He hadn’t planned on bringing them here.
Tony released his hand and pulled at his wet hair. “There’s always something to do before moving forward! Why can’t we just go? Dummy’s wheels are probably locking up and Jarvis has been having problem’s moving lately and I need them with me now.”
“It was a blessing.” Tony said breaking the quiet. Steve turned to him.
“Clint need help.”
Tony leaned back resting his weight on his hands and watching Steve's pencil cross the paper. "It's a nice sign."
The two exchanged a look. "Do you know what Hammer and Stark has been doing without you?"
“Would you mind telling me about them?”
“Regardless, we need to clean the wound before moving forward.”
Clint frowned. “Note?”
“Undoubtably.”
Natasha didn’t look up from her book. “No problem, Wilson.”
"Why?"
The third night sitting by a campfire he realized he hand’t slept more than two hours a day since they left base camp. He put his face in his hands and tried to block everything out.
Tony gritted his jaw and walked in. Stane walked around the ring jostling the crowd. Tony squared his shoulders and waited. He had a feeling that Stane was the type to punch first. Three seconds later and he was right. Except Stane had a roll of quarters in his fist and Tony felt his brain smash against the side of his skull and bit into his cheek. His entire body jolted to the side and he fell harshly to the ground. Before he could even get his wits about him and assess the damage of his concussion, he felt a foot collide with his ribs. Tony coughed and Stane turned his back to jeer the crowd. Tony could kind of hear Clint's voice counting down. Time to end this. Tony pushed up onto his knees. When Stane turned around Tony grabbed his ankle and pulled it toward himself and up. Stane landed on his back the air knocked out of him. Tony hopped up on his feet and his vision blurred but he already knew what he had to do. He pulled a knee up stomped into Stane’s solar plexus. Stane punched his calf to try and remove his foot but Tony grabbed the arm and twisted. The pop of his shoulder dislocating bounced off the walls. The crowd was dead silent. Clint counted and then it was over. Stane was screaming by the time Tony walked off. He spat blood next to Stane’s face on his way out.
“Headaches?”
“They could be sick raves. I’m known for throwing some excellent summer bashes, if you ever want to join.” Tony said picking one up on Java script then putting it back. He wanted something more physical than coding.
“Yes.” Tony said heating up the welding chamber.
He looked around again and saw Thor and Steve.
Tony bit his lip and turned to his bed side drawer and pulled out three notebooks. He held out the one labeled Natasha. He grabbed Clint and Bruce and tossed them on her bed.
“Help with what my friend?”
"I know that, I just..." Clint sighed.
"You’re most welcome."
“So, we’ve heard,” Steven said. “Do you know anyone in the school who might want to permanently harm Stark?”
A piece of Steve’s pack bond began to phase out. He absently grabbed Tony’s hand to keep him in the moment.
“We need prefects to find who's sabotaging our fights.” Clint said. He was still a little horny and it was getting worse with how much Bucky is glaring at him.
They had been gone for months. Months. Steve was exhausted. They repeated the same story over and over. Omitting Bruce and Tonys involvement given that they would be seen as abominations against the gods. Thor at one point sent lighting through the ceiling and said with a commanding voice to one of the marshals. “Does that give evidence for the damage done?”
Bruce covered himself dried blood flaking off his arms. “Yes.”
He turned and kicked them and then jumped on that guy. He thinks he’s screaming words. He’s not sure. The student under him isn’t moving so he gets up and walks forward shoving and pushing anyone and thing in his way. Someone elbows his ribs and Bruce bloodies their nose and hears their scream. He continues pushing through, but people are starting to avoid him, his vision was still red around the edges. Blonsky stepped into his line of sight and cracked his knuckles.
"That they would." Bucky said carefully. "We've been on edge since you've been gone. That's why we've only stopped in town long enough to get information before heading somewhere more isolated."
Sam patted his shoulder pulling back. “Keep building me wings Lord Stark and it will never be a problem.”
Bucky shrugged, grabbing a shirt. "Town is just a day’s ride away. I'd live in the woods if I have to. I'm certainly not leaving him."
Bruce smiled at Thor’s guileless expression. “You deserve pretty words and positivity.”
Tony pouted. “Cutting out our usual foreplay?”
“You want me to change my clothes?” Tony hazards, feeling lost. “Is that what you want?”
The thing is, it’s always been tense between him and Steve. Part of that is Tony’s fault. He wanted so badly for Captain America to be impressed and then, later, he wanted Steve Rogers to be impressed. Maybe he’s been too caught up in how he feels about Steve to notice the way that Steve might feel about him.
“It’s
, but, instead, he just gets a flash of Clint’s sympathetic smile and another repeat of
There’s an exhale and a rustle, the gentle click of Steve checking the window locks all over again. “Thanks, Tony,” he says, in the very last second before Tony’s bedroom door shuts.
“I’m gonna sleep on your coach, okay?” Steve sounds embarrassed but determined. Pushing against him would just make this into another shouting match. “I just—I have to.”
“Thanks,” Tony says, when dinner is winding down. “For dinner,” he clarifies, a second later, for no reason at all.
“Amber waves of gains,” Clint greets, before throwing out a jaunty salute that Steve promptly returns, apparently on instinct.
“Of tropical waters and sunshine?” Tony doesn’t even
“This isn’t a safehouse, Stark.” And yeah, there it is. There’s the
When he kisses Steve, he tastes like black coffee and toothpaste. Steve’s facing away from him, so he gets the side of his mouth on the first attempt, but their second kiss is better. Steve turns to face him, drops his coffee cup on the bedside table, and crawls half on top of Tony in an instant, needy and almost desperate.
He’s worried that
– in the warm sunset glow.
“Because actually,” Tony continues, “
Steve narrows his eyes and does his patented Captain America jaw clench, and Tony wants to lick him. He wants to drag his tongue up the blade of Steve’s jaw and stick his hand right down his pants.
“Hey, Steve,” Nat says, with unassailable calm, “you hungry?”
“You know,” Natasha says, as she examines the bar in the corner of the suite and checks the sightlines through the window. “He’s worried about you.”
Tony blinks at him. He feels like a man who’s walked into his kitchen to find a gazelle doing the dishes. He feels like something magical is happening, something unbelievable, and he’s absolutely going to ruin it at some point, but, if he’s very still and very good, maybe it won’t be right now.
“Oh,” Tony says, with sudden realization. “He thinks I can’t handle myself.”
,” Tony says. He gets his hands on Steve’s hips and suddenly understands why Steve’s always putting his hands on his hips. He gets the draw. He understands it completely.
Steve shrugs. He smiles, but his eyes are distant again, blank. “Sure,” he says, with a nod, “I know that. But you asked what I wanted. And that’s it, Tony. I want you to be safe.”
And maybe the way Steve is about him – the way he’s always double-checking Tony’s penthouse for threats, the way he’ll go full obscenity-laden Brooklyn on camped-out paparazzi, the way he’s always fretting and fussing and following Tony around – has nothing to do with him thinking Tony can’t take care of himself.
The look Steve gives her could politely be described as dubious in nature. “Stark
“Flatterer,” Tony accuses.
“And I don’t spend two hours running the entire perimeter of an island unless there’s something on it I want to protect.” Natasha, who’s usually the sane one, smiles at Tony beatifically over the rim of her nightcap, and Tony’s legitimately starting to worry that someone spiked the tequila with something psychedelic.
Bruce tips his head to the side. “Really?” he asks, like he hasn’t learned by now to stop asking questions about Clint’s time in the circus.
“I’m not disappointed in you,” Steve says, immediately, because his contrariness runs all the way to the marrow. “But this isn’t an appropriate safehouse.”
It’s perfectly safe. Tony designed this place after Afghanistan. Every square inch of the grounds is under surveillance. There are hidden gun turrets on the beach and a whole squadron of drones hovering in a ring around the island, monitoring any approaching object larger than the average seagull. There are weapons caches and safe rooms and three separate suits down in the lab.
“Oh, Tony,” Clint says, launching into an abrupt Victorian-inspired falsetto, “I’m so upset. Someone tried to kill you in front of me. Hold me, I’m frightened.”
“You know,” Tony says, “next time, the two of you are welcome to stay in a SHIELD safehouse.”
“But, Tony—"
Tony turned to him fully at that, gave him a furrowed concern. “You can’t recall much? About
“He got me involved in something I couldn’t explain. A stupid experiment,” Bruce continued. “We were both suspended for a week, which... It’s not much, I know.” Then he shook his head, scornful and dismal, put a hand out to explain. “But it’s about what they put on your record.”
Steve breathed deeply, heavily.
Peter turned around quickly, began his inevitable plea. “Please, Bruce. I need—”
And power was energy.
Jarvis pursed his lips. “There was definitely hope, Tony.”
Bruce turned back around to finish packing his bag. “Not funny, Tony."
“No,” he said, stopped him. “You deserve an apology. And, so, I’m sorry.”
—with Barton still in attendance.”
Tony to leave him alone. The same hairstyle he had kept since they’d fallen out had his hewn face sat underneath, expression folded in frustration. He wore just the school shirt, no overwear, with the white fabric split into two halves by his long tie. And, really, nothing had outwardly changed. Bruce was still Bruce.
tech company in the world. Your father—"
On the way up to his dorm, Tony had managed to fit the sternum strap around his heart again.
“Wait,” Peter then said, held his hand up in pause. “Principal Coulson… He doesn’t,
was an ample enough bribe to get you out of that surveillance room you call an office.”
Fury walked up to him, rested his arm on the machine. “And, what, that makes you above the law?"
“See,
did he do?”
,”Tony started, pointed out towards the school’s remote infrastructure, "or jumping down from the top of that spire over there."
, present yourself to someone in the manner in which you just did,” Fury said, pulled out another stool, sat on it too. He studied Tony for a moment, who straightened out his uniform atop the bulge of his chest. “You happy now?” he asked, lowered his face to address Tony directly. "Tick that stunt off your bucket list, ‘cause it's never happening again.”
him, prior. Steve hadn’t even managed to touch him. Instead, this time, Tony had laid the hand.
Steve underwent unsmiling reflection. “Judging from the state of my surroundings as I start to remember things, that’s my best guess.”
Tony felt a few ghost kicks just below the dip of his abdomen. He touched the spot that instinctively gave off an apparitional ache, swallowed at the twinge that came with remembrance. “You get
Tony then remembered, fleetingly, the debriefing from surgeons that was horrendously non-penetrative in all his haze. He remembered the masked faces, boxed in by two mattes of drooping eyelids, almost as though the whole thing was cinematic and unbelievable. And then slowly, slowly,
The labs were particularly quiet at that time of day (and were particularly quiet in general), apart from a few dedicated students who added nothing more than breathing to the silence. At first scan of them all, Peter pondered one of them to be Bruce. Though Tony had said this was basically a home to him, it would be favourable if he wasn’t, say, out for lunch at that moment. Then, Peter would have to lead a goose chase. And he
He tapped a nearby desk in waiting. "The first time we speak in a
he felt taking half of his usually-astute face. Tony, too, had his stare placed unmoving on the contents on his table to hide the effect (again) of his vulnerability, but this time it was a good weakness. A good defencelessness. A guard down;
seemed dredged of animation by conforming to that of the heir air. They didn’t ask Tony of his disappearance, nor why it occurred. Instead, they conversed between themselves about it, forced rumours and gossip through the mill. As a result, Tony continued on with his regular traverse around them, in and out of the elitist flow. Yes, the Starks were wealthy—probably the wealthiest of them all—and Tony definitely looked it. But he wasn’t alike them. The statement proved true: not one of them was a friend.
But he stood there, unwavering, hand out in waiting. He wasn’t going to budge.
Considering that was noticeably suspicious, Tony approached the unknown student warily, and stood over him in examination.
, think so—“
He wouldn’t go to the engineering facility.
“Behind my locker?” Tony rebutted. "In which I’m at least, what, an evident
~ ~ ~
Bruce noticed quickly, before the student disappeared to the edges of the window, a startling
“Of course,” Tony said. He dimmed his voice slyly. “But I don’t need the extra help.”
He got up and ran as good as he could; without fear or tumult, and just merely to escape the situation. He understood it.
Bruce sat his eyes still shaded in green and squinted at the table. “You smart. That why we mate.”
Thor turned and smiled at him teeth glinting bright in the dimness of the night. “Then I shall love you both.” Just like that. Bruce didn’t get it. Thor seemed to find what he wanted and threw a pair of pants and a shirt to Bruce.
Tonys face pulled into a troubled frown. “It's what you think my friend that matters, not I.”
"Does that mean you think I'll win?"
Steve was furious. The entire pack was on edge because of it and Bruce was looking a little green.
“Leave him. If he comes we’ll be here and Mr. Stark and Mr. Barton can handle themselves,” Steve said.
“What are you doing?” Bruce shouted. “You know were he is!”
"One of the alphas," Bruce gasped. "Has taken an interest in me."
The door opened before he was even able to knock. The man was a brutish looking alpha already eying Tony with distrust.
Clint was having a nice washing session with their own clothes Dummy bumping into him every five seconds asking for a new item to 'hang' or in his case carefully lay out on the large stone boulders. Clint only handed him socks. It was their routine sometimes Jarvis would join ticking along and Clint would ask the names of trees and flowers, so he wouldn't feel too left out. The bastard always tsked at him for forgetting the names of wild flowers yet would always provide Latin as their proper names.
Steve hummed but didn’t respond the paper in his hands taking his interest again. Tony turned to watch the bots. Dummy ran after a large stick that Jarvis was throwing and falling over boulders. Jarvis eyes would light up then he’d wander over and slowly lift Dummy up and back onto his wheels again.
Tony let himself be pulled up into Steve’s arms. Tony looked up at him his eyes hooded. Steve leaned in and waited for Tony to fall into the kiss. It was sweet and demanding and Steve sighed when Tony pulled away. Time to go.
Tony rubbed his temples. “Fight Club is a betting ring that funds student’s tuition and future tuitions. You guys didn’t even know it existed until literally three months ago. Last week was the first time someone broke ranks and tried to beat me bloody.”
The white wolf growled Tony pointed his gun at him just to shut him up.
Steve looked up at Bucky. “Have you held them?”
“Blonsky,” Bruce said.
Steve grabbed his phone and tossed it over his shoulder.
“Steeeeeeve.”
“Let us settle my servants, first.” Tony said then leaned in to whisper in his ear. “That way we can take our time debating the price.”
Tony sat down sinking into the cushions of the couch and decided to let the house find him at their own leisure.
They sat in comfortable silence until all the apples were sliced. Bruce took the pan and mixed it together then spread it over evenly in the two pie pans. He began weaving the dough for the two pie tops.
“I ask you one question about a school appointed position that you don't get paid for and I expect to be lied to and instead get called stupid.” Clint snapped pulling his arm away.
Tony shrugged. “You don’t have to. You just have to tutor Bucky and Thor and then graduate.”
“We’ll leave soon.” Steve whispered.
Tony picked Clint off the floor and deposited him on the second bed. He giggled and stuffed his face into the pillow. Tony walked to close the door and hesitated before blowing out the rooms candle. He looked around and admired his pack. Clint was a strong hunter and Bruce was a strong mind. He had quite the pack in deed.
Tony took in some shuddering breaths. “I have to go.”
Tony licked his lips and smirked. “Bleeding angel.”
“I will never unsee Bucky,” Sam whined.
“Get up.” Steve said leaving the warm sanctity of their bed. Tony whistled.
Clint leaned on the sign. “You think we’re going to get that?”
Steve jerked his head and didn't answer. The two left together and when they entered the workshop Tony was just pulling out one of his rune brands from the forge.
“Yes.” Tony said. “We have to play nice because there isn’t enough time to move out.”
Jarvis' small hand patted Steve's knee. "This is a problem, Sir will be unable to fix. When I go I go. I just ask that..." Jarvis' small head ticked side to side as he chose his next words. "When I do go you'll be there to pick up the pieces."
“Thor,” he greeted. “Would you like to join?”
“Yeah. Shit sucks when your daddy ain’t rich and you can’t be on the school’s various sports teams.”
A large snout met him on the other side of the carriage. Tony slowly looked up it until he met large angry green eyes. Tony waited. The snout opened, and Tony wondered with all the sins he had behind him if it was a cosmic joke that he'd be eaten by his first friend in eight years. A tongue rolled out and licked him nose to tail. Pack. The gesture said. Tony could feel the saliva and blood matting his fur and making it stand to attention like all his muscles. He blinked and shook himself letting out a tiny lick for the other wolfs (if you could call it that) nose. Pack. He responded. The wolf nodded and sat it bared it’s neck submitting. Then slowly the earth shimmered and shook then collapsed and there was Bruce once again. Covered in blood and viscera but unharmed all the same.
“We go to a school of four hundred, you don’t think that they don’t already know our schedules? We haven’t tried to hide our names. If our crowds weren’t participating in unlawful assembly’s and gambling they would have turned us in last year.” Tony said.
"I'm happy for you. I am. I think finally building Lieutenant Barnes and arm should suffice as a blessing, don't you?"
"We are a small militia, we come into their home use their amenities with no promise of pay. It would look like an overthrow by an alpha majority pack to anyone else." Steve said.
Tony chugged his glass. “Excellent! Let’s drink to it.”
Natasha looked up trying to recall what Sam was saying. “I have.” She said at last. “I liked it.” She had finished
Thor's eyes closed, and he listed. "She sings to me."
"Ah, sweet angel, I can give you that in droves but as it is I'll give you something you want but have refused to ask for."
“Yes,” he said nodding his head and removing his fingers. “Please.”
“Hrm…No. I may be surrounded by idiots,” Hammer said looking at his cohorts. “But I paid off the police before starting this little stunt.”
The fights usually lasted longer but in the silence of Stane’s screams people stood still parting to let Tony through. Tony spat again some of the flesh from his cheek came out. His eyes blurred and his stomach roiled. He kept moving until he fell against a tree. He didn’t think he could walk his right leg was collapsing on itself. His eyelids felt heavy. Someone was shouting. His eyes closed.
"Lucky you."
"When you've seen as much death as I have, they cross your path to see if you've died. I've surprised them on every occasion."
"Then we are a perfect match."
Tony relaxed. "We're thankful for that at least." He took a sip of his coffee and looked over his plans for a new automaton. “Scratch away at the itch. Just do be careful, they could probably hear you from Satan’s den.”
Bucky buckled his pants. "I'm certainly welcome." He smirked.
Steve turned to look at Tony. “Did you have to fuck over everyone you’ve ever met?”
Bucky rolled his eyes and held out a hand to help Clint up. The omega took it and let himself be hauled out of the clutches of the couch.
Clint nodded and they left to seek out retribution.
“I missed you too.”
Steve cut into his venison his hands swift and precise. “I’ll let you take this one, Lord Thor, you are a much better story teller than I.”
They sat in comfortable silence. Bruce's eyes drifted close his cheek resting against his knees. "I should check the bread," he murmured not making a move to get up.
“He killed my last pack. What if he does it again?” Bruce said holding the clothes limply.
“Don’t worry we’re out of the house.” Stane answered. Tony struggled looking around wildly. Where were they? He nearly sighed in relief when he recognized the large stretch of land before the road reached the forest that surrounded the inn.
STOP!
“Thank you for the opportunity to try again,” he said lips pressed against Clint’s neck. Clint couldn’t help but smile.
“I’d have to think it over,” The man said reaching out a hand.
“I thought he got mugged.”
"We were." Clint agreed.
Natasha typed her number quickly in. “Now leave me alone.” She said her voice like the snap of a tree branch.
Tony shrugged and waved his chalk board. “Gee, must have lost track of time doing maths and stuff.”
Tony didn’t answer.
Clint butted his head against the tree. “Really?”
The sun drifted through the windows and the shadows grew longer across the floor. Steve brought him food while he tinkered and they sat companionably, Steve switching between reading and drawing whenever he saw fit. Tony left a few times to grab other clocks and watches and then Jarvis at one point just to check his joints. Once it was time to light candles Steve got tense. It was a trickling emotion slowly crossing over onto Bucky being the second alpha and then onto Thor all of them twitching and their wolves on the edge of their skin.
Bucky as per usual looks at Clint the same way Clint looks at his algebra homework. “Okay. Moving on. How would I be “incognito” and furthermore what in the fuck would I be looking for?”
Bruce entered while Steve was writing and paled.
Tony flapped his hand again as if that would wave away all their concerns and worry. “It’s been an odd day and I still haven’t gotten dressed.”
“I need sustenance and I’m craving muffins of all things. Could we go make some?”
"Oh no. Much too long."
Natasha’s eyebrows reached her hair line. “What.”
The next day Bruce was rudely awoken from an unplanned nap on the bleachers during lunch. He had been sprawled out his arms thrown on either side of the metal bench and snoring. He was also drooling. When he woke up he jolted so hard that his bandaged knuckles banged against the metal under his bench and sat up hissing in pain.
Steve threw his pants directly at his head. Tony pulled them off with an offended gasp but still put them on.
Bruce was sleeping cheek cupped in his hand a very red very new mating mark showing through the lazily thrown on cloak he wore. Clint was quiet holding both of the pups to him as close as possible and bouncing his knee nervously. Natasha and Same were next to him arms across his back as a safety net.
Sam was quiet still following her through the food line. Natasha was waiting to pay before she bit the hook.
“That would be great, thank you,” the short one said.
“Hardy-har-har-har,” Steve intoned blandly. “Look. I just don’t like the idea of us going out there and getting hurt for the stupid purpose of trying to prove something.”
“So,” Bucky said his voice a crash of lightning through the silence. “Tony could just bring the entire house down on us at any moment.”
“You’re sappy this morning,” Clint whispered his voice hoarse. Bucky pushed his blonde hair off his forehead unable to answer.
“I’m fine.” Tony said. “I think we should stay here for the night. Dusk is falling and this is an inn. We can house the others, alpha.”
He heard the thwack of Dummy's claw clutching and a small whispered curse.
“You used me, first!” Bucky jerked back his cheeks reddening. Clint tried to catch his breath but continued on anyway. “Stay for as long as you need, for we are a tavern after all. Just leave with in the week because we are not your home.”
"I've been stripped naked. He found my flaws and used a finely tuned knife to cut me to my core." Steve said the words half obscured by his knees.
“I have foreign royalty living here as my pack, so it would be in your best interest to continue as we had planned.” Steve said handing his statement over.
The monster made several inhuman grunts and growls and to Tony’s horror was laughing. “Thanks.” It said. The earth warped and shifted and Bruce stood looking around dazed before his eyes rolled back in his head and Thor caught him as he fainted again. Tony shifted and Steve with him. They stood taking stock. There were a lot dead. Some rightfully pretending to be dead.
The monster scratched it’s neck and looked away. “Bad man, dead.”
Tony rubbed his forehead. "They are an unsavory sort. Arms dealers who lost their best weapons maker. They also lost the head business man."
Tony pulled Dummy out and set him upright on the table. Dummy rolled his little arm waving as it 'looked' around until he fell into Jarvis' lap. Jarvis put him dutifully back into the bag. Bruce chuckled.
Thor’s chest rose and fell in a gentle laugh. “I was blessed by our gods, little omega, I do not break so easily.”
"Shh!" Bruce said giving him a hard glare. Tony laid his ear next to Clint's belly button his abs showing a slight paunch. Just as he picked up on the thump-thump beneath all the intestinal noises, the scent hit him. Tony jerked up and stared at Clint.
"For once," Bruce said, "I think your right."
“I’d like to kiss you now.”
“We’ll see in the morning.” Tony answered. “I don’t think the fire reached the second floor.”
T’Challa tilted his head in acknowledgement. “They did the same before I became a prefect.”
Tony held out his hand again and Bruce took it threading his fingers through Tony’s. They walked together back to the ashes of their home.
"Where does the energy come from, little fox?" Bucky breathed across his lips.
“Hey,” Steve said gently. Tony shifted further into himself.
Tony paused his ministrations and looked at his hands. Steve could now see the blood oozing from his mate mark.
Bruce caught them. “He’s a killer.”
Tony wrapped his arms tighter and pulled him into a far more hurried kiss. “I don't know what. You'll see when you come back.”
“If you’re not pregnant,” Thor started.
Tony clenched his jaw and took a deep breath. "You were out here for hours."
"Indeed," Tony said his eyes following Steve until he left the room.
“Maybe, but I have a duty here. Clint will need a doctor and then the children will and Tony will when his heat comes. I am to keep them well,” Bruce answered.
“I would not ask you to lie to your leader for me. Tell him what you will. The man has a low enough opinion of me it might as well reach the dens of Satan.” Tony answered.
“Baby safe. Mate not mad?”
Tony rolled over and onto him. "Are you certain? I could give you another type of meal, dear angel."
The next morning the pack sat on the porch steps and watched the three alphas leave towards the horizon. Tony was the only one standing leaning against one of the support beams and he felt a heaviness in his chest as the pack bonds started what was going to be a lengthy arduous stretch.
“Anything I missed?” Clint asked returning to his disgusting display of receiving nutrients.
Eight or so drinks later Tony returns to the room with Bruce’s food far past cold with Clint under his arm.
Clint finished assigning the pack into the registry and was giving out keys. Thor walked into the restaurant demanding food. Steve had looked around quietly before heading upstairs. Natasha gave him a long hug and they caught up a bit while Sam went to their room. Bruce had come out of the office around then and walked straight to the kitchen with nothing but an awkward wave. Natasha gave him 'that' look which he returned with 'this' look. She shrugged it off.
"Fascinating," the doctor said eyes bright and calculating. Tony smiled. He knew that look. Jarvis was something else. With a hat on he looked like a little boy in a suit. He was actually a thousand-year-old man that was maybe a ten-year-old automaton. Dummy beeped offended. Tony ignored him.
“He hurt leader too.”
“Or take down the hypermasculine system that was promised to us by murdering capitalism.” Tony said with a shrug.
Clint stopped him with a hand on his ankle. “Don't, its just Bucky.” Clint said and then fell back asleep.Bruce took off his glasses and cleaned them. The pack could not stop staring at Clint's lack of concern.
Bucky clapped him on the shoulder. "Don't speak like that. You're our fearless leader. What would we do without you?"
"You left very quickly last night," Bucky said just behind him scaring the ever-loving shit out of him. Clint jumped three feet in the air then landed none too gracefully having to have the other man’s hand steady him. Moments later the children became restless because of the excitement and Clint found himself in need of a wee and a cool cloth for his colon.
Steve stood and grabbed two bowls dripping the soup into and ignoring the break in tension as his pack resumed their good natured ribbing. He left out the back door trudging through ankle high snow to the warehouse. Tony awaited him.
Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulders and pulled him through the door way. “Shivering devil. Must be too far away from sin.”
"I think we can create more, don't you?" He said kissing his cheek and pulling away.
Thor's hands slid down his body and landed on his hips.
Bucky smiled. “A boy and a girl. We haven't chosen names just yet.”
Steve stuck out his hand. "Let's seal the deal in front of witnesses, cocky devil."
“That’s because he’s not trying to help you then heed your process.”
“Really?” Natasha asked. Paw Patrol was something that they suffered through for Clint when he was having a bad day.
Tony turned and gestured for his pack to join him at the door.
“There’s an omega sanctuary just a mile south of here.” She said holding her chubby toddler on her hip. Tony looked between her and the door.
"I would hope a good cup of tea and breakfast is involved this morn," Steve answered.
“Fuck.” Tony said. The word echoed around the room.
"It's good to...uh...finally meet you, Mr. Barton," Captain said.
Clint was pulled up close to Bucky. “Don’t move so much.” He growled. Clint let himself be cradled.
With one more nod, Sam took to the air and flew beyond the dark horizon. Steve and Tony stood in quiet for what had to be much too long when Tony found the words he was looking for.
It happened with such a loud boom as it broke out of the mold Steve was on his feet fist up, Dummy almost toppling over to hide behind him. Tony stayed long enough to place the handle before the metal set and lifted it into the water bin. Steve relaxed as he pulled it out steam covering him. There was another loud thud and several grunts. The steam cleared, and Tony was trying desperately to pick up the hammer.
“Clint! Bucky! Outside checking the fences by the forest!” Bucky and Clint popped up and Clint ran straight toward the windows away from the straight up fight happening in front of them. Bucky followed and the two of them had the windows open and were gone in moments.
“So what? We’ll send his dad a dead body once we get the money?”
“Look. I know you’re scared.”
Tony let out a soft burst of laughter. “Is that so?”
Bruce ignored him to place his ear right under Clint's bellybutton. The other man sat up straight.
Steve ran for at least an hour just behind him before the scent veered off. He slowed sniffing around the edges of a sizable trench.
Bucky leaned his cheek into Clint's palm.
Tony leaned against the door jamb that he had allowed Clint to sand just to get him to stop lifting the drywall upstairs so it’s uneven and thus the door would sometimes open by itself if not closed properly.
Bucky looked away. “Is there any way I can help?”
“She left with her other half and…Lieutenant Barnes to track down the Captain." Clint said waving a barmaid down. "Two beers." He asked. She eyed the two omegas strangely, but Clint and Tony ignored her.
Bucky held his breath. Clint lined up the shot then let it fly. Thwunk!
Clint felt his eyes burn. He wasn’t going to cry. He was an adult and a spy. Yeah. He’d also broken his fingers against a guys face and just let it go. He sat up. “I’m sorry too. I don’t want you to choose between your friends and me.”
