“Yes, he was here,” she confirms, clicking around on the computer with practiced efficiency. “Checked in on Wednesday the 8th,” she adds as she glances back at him, all but batting her eyelashes, tucking a non-existent strand of hair behind her ear.
He gets to work unbuttoning his shirt, slowing down at the sound of Cas’s approving hum. He tosses the shirt on the floor and takes his time unbuckling his belt and unzipping his pants, dragging his boxers off with them and kicking them out of the way. He’s hard now – not all the way there, but the need is significantly more urgent than it  was before, and he feels it burn brighter as Cas shifts in his seat, an appraising look in his eye, lips quirked.
of it, everything that made him fantasize about this in the first place. Cas immediately glances up at the sound, and Dean’s quick to nod his head frantically, biting his lip.
, repulsed by himself, uncertain if Dean would even welcome his touch right now, when he’s the one who did the damage in the first place. Castiel doesn’t know what to say, there aren’t
“I’m not listening because it’s a
But oh,
Castiel’s familiar with the tradition; perhaps this is one area where the conventional route suits them just fine, he thinks, taking Dean’s hand and eagerly ushering him into their bedroom.
Castiel doesn’t know what that means, not yet, but he’s intrigued at the idea nonetheless, thrilled to cover more untried territory with Dean. He smiles wider, feeling light and exhilarated in a way he hasn’t felt in a while, maybe not
, on his end
They’ve barely made it inside and into the war room before Charlie whirls on them with an expectant look. “So,” she says loudly, clearly proud of herself. “Was I right or what?”
, he’s magnificent, sinful perfection – the satisfying give of his flesh, the
It takes a while, but Dean eventually summons up the courage to continue. “Once I realized—once I
, Dean thinks disdainfully, fidgeting under Cas’s scrutiny. “It’s like, you know, a tradition, or whatever.”
Dean just nods, pulls Castiel down to kiss him as they both adjust. They keep at it until Dean’s squirming impatiently, cock grinding against Castiel’s stomach as he whines in the back of his throat.
“Yeah,” Dean says with a dopey grin, and when he locks eyes with Cas he decides that it’s not just the whiskey that’s making him light-headed. “We’re gonna go do it now,” he announces blithely, turning back to Sam.
He stretches out above Dean, slotting between his legs, and Dean eagerly welcomes him back in to kiss him, still thrumming with raw need even after he’s come. In the back of his mind, Castiel knows he should pause to check on Dean, but he’s too worked up to think it through clearly. Normally he can hold off for quite some time without much trouble, but he’s so hard it’s almost unbearable, and with Dean breathing encouragement into his ear,
Dean doesn’t know whether to laugh or be absolutely mortified, so he settles on something that’s sort of both, and somehow neither. “Yeah, we uh…” He pauses with a lopsided smile, half-apologetic, half-joking. “Think we’re gonna call it a night.”
Castiel has no more patience for pretending that he doesn’t feel something there, that there isn’t an inexorable
is still enough to make him squirm, but…
murmured low in his ear. And that certainly makes it seem like a more attainable goal, with Cas’s voice firm and warm and surprisingly playful, the pressure on Dean’s prostate ruthless until he’s nearly in tears. But when Dean starts babbling about how it’s not enough, that he needs more, Cas seems to change tack, slyly suggesting, “You’ll come from just my fingers inside you or not at all,” and yep—that does it, tips Dean right over the edge, voice caught on a strangled moan, staining the sheets and then collapsing onto the mattress, wondering where the hell Cas learned to say shit like that.
Dean’s immediately looking for a way out, ready to deflect. He’ll just keep his comments to himself the next time Cas gets a little rough in bed, he’ll pretend he doesn’t like it, it doesn’t matter. Or he’ll deal with Cas thinking he’s a freak as long as they don’t have to acknowledge it out
,” Cas repeats, then adds, “The hooded merganser,” as if that clarifies anything.
Silence settles in, and it’s only a few moments before Dean starts to fidget again. “Are you seriously not gonna share?”
to push the emergency stop button right now, but there’s something about being with Cas, feeling his warm touch, steady and sure, that makes Dean want to risk it.
Castiel is fast approaching his peak as well, and he
But despite his initial pouting, Dean was very…
“It seems that way,” Cas murmurs, fingers absently carding through Dean’s hair, pressing a kiss to the top of his head. “Having the support of loved ones is very important, isn’t it?”
“Morning,” she says cheerfully, smiling when she sees him walk in and taking a break from tapping away at her tablet. “How was
Cas really plays up the ‘overconfident drunk’ angle at first, plastering on a wide, unassuming smile as he sidles up to a group of twenty-somethings playing pool. Dean tracks every calculated movement, can almost hear the carefully sloppy way Cas drawls,
“Hell if I know,” Dean teases, laughing. “You eat yet? I was thinking French toast.”
He finally gets it. Now that he’s been honest with Cas, that underlying sense of dread, that ball of fear and anxiety that sat heavily in his chest, has suddenly lightened, and he’s honest-to-god giddy over it, not just with relief but with
They carry on as usual together without that element, falling back into the familiar ease they’ve always shared in bed, the natural way their bodies connect – and it’s good,
*  *  *
, not that she could’ve guessed. Of course, a gorgeous girl like her probably isn’t used to her advances being unwanted.
*   *   *
“I’d like that.”
“Did you?” Castiel asks, though he can’t say that’s entirely unexpected. It’s very like Dean to get
Dean knows Cas doesn’t say that to be suggestive, but Dean’s brain short-circuits for a few seconds anyway. “Good idea,” Dean says with a yawn as he rises from his seat. The sight of Cas yawning right along with him is a sight he’s starting to get used to.
“Cas,” he whispers, “I, uh. I just wanted to—” He needs to take a few seconds, reaching out to touch Cas in the hopes that’ll make his hands stop shaking. The ensuing silence is almost enough to make him give up altogether, but he focuses on Cas warm and solid beneath his fingertips and finds the courage to continue. “I know how you feel about me, and—” He’s blindsided by how badly he wants to say it, throat aching, eyes stinging, like it’s about to burst out of him. “I love you too.”
Dean forces a laugh as if that covers it up the way he’s flushing. He could swear Cas only grins wider. “Just shut up and deal, hot shot,” he mutters. It doesn’t come out nearly as snappy as he would’ve liked.
Castiel quickens the pace of his thrusts, seeks his climax in the tight squeeze of Dean’s body. He holds onto Dean’s hips and angles them to his liking, fingertips digging in hard, biting down on the nearest swath of skin to muffle his groans because it’s so much, so
“Yeah, I could tell,” Dean teases. He stares at Castiel thoughtfully for a moment before he continues, voice a bit softer. “You’re awesome, you know that?”
So many of Dean’s fantasies have centered around those traits, so much of what in reality made him moan that much louder, come that much harder, all under Cas’s relentlessly observant eye.
It’s not like Cas has suddenly gotten over these feelings. Dean can say that with certainty, because he’s not blind and Cas isn’t subtle. Just the slight pinch of his brow or the clench of his jaw would be enough to give him away, but he’s also compelled to just…
Cas did kind of invite him, he reasons, even as another voice in his head tells him that this is probably an even worse idea than cooping himself up. But Dean’s not exactly making smart decisions today.
Sometimes Dean is so wrecked by his own pleasure that he can barely move from the pillow, but this is something he always finds the motivation and energy for. Right now is no exception, and Castiel lets out a pleasured sigh as Dean attends to him with more focus now that he’s not distracted by his own delirious arousal.
But it also makes him curious. Cas has seriously been working out, here, right under his nose, and he had no idea? The thought nags at him; he has to see for himself.
with arousal at this point, and he certainly wouldn’t mind if Dean just got on with it.
“Not yet, thank you,” he replies, still working on his first drink. He hasn’t been a lightweight for a long time, but he generally needs to pace himself more than Dean.
get caught up in some crime ring and this was just a perfectly non-paranormal mob shakedown. Of course, that could be wishful thinking on Dean’s part, anxious to get
Instead of answering right away, he tentatively reaches for Dean’s hand, gratified when Dean allows it, lets Castiel curl his fingers around Dean’s. “I do,” he says gently, thumb stroking Dean’s knuckles, like he’s wanted to do for ages.
She rolls her eyes good-naturedly. “Okay, whatever you say.” Apparently she’s done with Dean for the time being, because she leans forward and looks past him. “You want anything, Cas?”
Dean seizes his chance to get his hands all over Cas instead of just looking in frustration, running his fingers along the muscles in Cas’s broad back, admiring the way his biceps are thick and straining beneath Dean’s greedy touch. He slides one hand down the back of Cas’s sweatpants, giving his ass an appreciative squeeze – it’s just as firm as the rest of him – and tries to pull Cas even closer. This is better than the dreams by a mile.
“Been putting these off for a while,” Dean explains, as they settle onto the couch. “Used to watch these all the damn time when I was younger, till Sam started giving me shit about it,” he continues with a snort, leaning forward to open the laptop on the coffee table and pull up the videos. “Kept saying I had a ‘crush’ on Harrison Ford.”
Cas rolls his eyes, but promptly chimes in with, “
“Not stalling,” Dean’s quick to clarify, chuckling. “Just hungry.”
with that look in Cas’s eyes, wants to preen and show off a little.
Even braver now, Castiel forges ahead. “I’d like to try it again,” he says, smiling very faintly, “If that’s all right with you.”
Cas gingerly extricates himself at Dean’s warning, leaning back so his weight is on Dean’s legs. “Keep your hands there,” he says, not a trace of uncertainty left in his voice. He braces one hand on the headboard and reaches down with the other, taking Dean’s cock in hand again until Dean gasps out
anyway.
doesn’t seem like something Dean’s seen before. He’d remember. There’s no way Cas has been hiding all that under a trench coat.
Dean nearly chokes at the sight of him, as he’s been doing way too often lately, but it’s all the more jarring at the moment – Cas is bleary-eyed and shirtless, looking at Dean intently, in the dim light, in the middle of the night, hot on the heels of that
in the face of the burden that Dean carries. It makes him determined to offer relief and a sense of security, to show Dean how worthy he is, how treasured.
Cas pulls him in with all four limbs, holds him close and readily opens his mouth, meets the slide of Dean’s tongue with the lazy curl of his own, presses their bodies flush with a sinuous roll of his hips. Dean rocks into it, has to pull his mouth away with a gasp, nearly delirious from the sensation of Cas’s insistent hardness against his own. They grind together with rapidly building urgency, hands wandering until they’re both worked up and restless, breaking the kiss and panting for breath.
“You feel amazing,” Cas murmurs, voice hitching. “I love being inside you,” he breathes, trails his touch down Dean’s torso, strokes him confidently with a wide, calloused hand, sends him hurtling over the edge with a deep moan and a shudder. Dean’s shaking as he comes, breath labored – just about
There was a time when Dean would have a complex about leaving a partner ostensibly unsatisfied, but Cas making it an order gives Dean the freedom to go along with it, to not balk at being put first even though he’s already gotten off.
Dean gets a certain kind of thrill from Cas smoothly pronouncing the words, voice deep, smile just a little smug.
“Are we almost there?” Dean asks after a stretch of silence, not whining at all. “We’ve gotta be almost there, right?”
As Dean predicted, Cas doesn’t give up.
“Hell of a view,” Dean remarks after a while, breaking their comfortable silence.
“Dean, c’mon, it’ll be so much faster if we both do it.”
Cas glances up, unfazed as usual. “You said I could borrow some clothes.”
Then he won’t feel right again until he Cas returns, even if Dean doesn’t actually see him. Lying in bed and hearing Cas enter his own room is enough. Just knowing that Cas has come home makes Dean sleep better, and he needs all the help with that that he can get, because the dreams haven’t slowed down at all.
“I’m fine,” Dean says with a shrug. He could leave it at that, but— “Kinda got a headache,” he adds, making an abrupt pivot to honesty. Maybe he was wrong about needing to pace himself less than Cas.
Dean’s still bleary-eyed, sprawled across Cas’s chest and nearly lured back to sleep by the steady rise and fall of it beneath his head. Dean gives into the urge to curl closer to Cas’s comforting warmth, suddenly aware of how
feelings, regardless of his misgivings. But he wants to see where this is going, how whatever turmoil is spinning in Dean’s head is going to culminate. He doesn’t want to scare Dean off by rushing into things, but he’ll gladly meet Dean halfway if he’s sure that Dean’s willing to take that step himself. It’s a careful line to toe, being encouraging but not too pushy.
familiar with. “Although—Dean… if there’s something you want, you know you can ask.”
Dean can feel himself blushing furiously, heart thumping in his chest at the feeling of Cas’s warm, rough palm against his own. Christ, what is he, a sixth grader? He can’t quite meet Cas’s eye, but his embarrassment and vulnerability must be obvious, because Cas gives his hand a reassuring squeeze. Dean can see Cas’s soft smile in his periphery, and that stirs up a warmth inside him that lingers all the way down the mountainside.
like that, don’t you?”
“You know,” Cas says after a few beats of silence, touch gentle on Dean’s skin, tracing patterns over his heart. “I dream about this, too.”
Dean lets out an unexpected bark of laughter, loud and carefree. “Okay, no way is
“Another round, gentlemen?” Charlie asks, still nursing her drink, eyeing the bartender and clearly looking for an excuse to talk to her.
“Don’t worry,” Castiel replies. “I’ll keep your crush a secret.”
Cas smiles a little, still seeming unbothered by Dean’s lack of eloquence. “It’s convenient having a gym in the basement, isn’t it?”
The spark in Dean’s eyes tells Castiel that he’s not alone. “Sure, yeah,” he says, breathless. He swallows hard, his grip on Castiel tightening. “I mean, carpe diem or whatever, right?”
Castiel has a moment of guilt, of concern, before he realizes that Dean doesn’t seem distressed, perhaps just a bit nervous. That reflexive tick, tongue darting out to wet his lips, is almost too much for Castiel in this moment. It’s distracting and obscene enough as it is.
“Yeah.
Dean hums in agreement, letting himself take it all in: the mountains, the trees, the lake – even the ducks gliding along the surface of the water. One in particular catches his attention. It’s a funny-looking thing with striped feathers, a sharp bill, beady yellow eyes and what Dean can only describe as a mohawk sticking up from its head. “The hell is that?” he mutters, mostly to himself, but of course it doesn’t escape Cas’s notice.
Dean narrows his eyes. “
He’s stopped by Cas’s hand on his arm, the fingers curling around his bicep gentle but firm. “Dean.”
“Cas,” he says, frantic, barely getting the words out before he’s barreling towards climax. “I’m—”
The guy’s so smug about it, like he can’t believe his luck at how perfectly his latest dig ties into his current brand of hilarious hate-mongering, that Cas is about to give him an excuse to spit out more bile. He probably expects Cas to be intimidated by the confrontation. The kid really doesn’t know who he’s dealing with.
Dean’s savoring the anticipation, practically squirming in his seat as he watches Cas, waiting. But Cas just looks back at him, gaze calm and fond as he sips his coffee. “What’s not to like?”
And yeah,
“Do you see that moss?” Cas asks, slowing to a stop and pointing to the damp soil at the edge of the lake. “That’s rhizomnium moss.
right. He idly strokes himself, unsurprised that he’s steadily reaching the edge, until Cas takes over, covering Dean’s hand and controlling his pace for a minute before replacing it altogether, thick fingers wrapping around Dean’s dick with just the right pressure, Dean’s free hand scrabbling at the sheets.
It seems to be working this time, because the guy’s noticeably uncomfortable now. “Yeah,
and god, Dean’s mind is back there in an instant, gets him spluttering slightly and setting the water down before he really does choke.
That was another lie he used to tell himself, that it didn’t make a big difference when feelings were involved. It became clear how grossly mistaken he was the second Cas laid hands on him, kissed him tenderly and held him close like he really mattered – when Dean let him into his space even though he was afraid, because despite whatever reservations he held onto, it only took one rushed instance of long-awaited contact to make him realize that the risk was worth it. It only took one more time, slow and tender in the room they now share, to be absolutely sure that this was all he was ever gonna need.
nice,” he says, smiling to himself when Dean simply hums in agreement over his own enjoyment, rather than interpreting that remark as a compliment.
Dean swallows past the lump forming in his own throat and pastes on an obnoxious grin. “Awww, you love us,” he teases.
“Yes,” Cas says at length, a bit awkward but Dean thinks he hears amused sheepishness in his voice. “I… I see that now.”
Dean scurries off to pack, sweating as he wonders what he’s gotten himself into – gotten them both into – by agreeing to this. He ponders the possibilities with growing anticipation, not knowing where his nervousness ends and his excitement begins, almost lightheaded with the one thing he
Dean wastes no time spreading himself out on the mattress once he and Cas walk through the door, his shoes, tie and jacket hastily discarded, trying not to squirm as the beginnings of arousal suffuse through him, the need that’s been simmering all day freely bubbling over now that they have privacy and time.
Dean goes pink all the way down his chest from the praise, obvious even in the glow of the firelight. “God, Cas.”
” Dean mutters afterward, the word shaped around a noise somewhere between a laugh and a sob, exhausted and sated and content. Castiel whole-heartedly agrees with the sentiment, holding Dean close, kissing his temple, eyes drifting shut, satisfied to the very core.
And okay, he’s got Dean there. Unconvincing story or not, they’ve ignored headlines like this before, even
“Great,” Dean says, leaning in for a quick kiss that finally puts a trace of a smile on Cas’s face. “Meet you at the car in twenty.”
– well-built shoulders firm under his fingers, biceps flexing, pulling the fabric of his sleeves taut. Cas might be stronger than he looks but he still
He takes his sweet time accepting their handshakes when Cas and Dean introduce themselves, and by the time they’re all seated, Jones looking haughty and bored behind his oversized desk, Dean’s already on edge.
The cursor in the still-empty text field flashes mockingly at him. He scowls and shoves his phone back into his pocket, pushes away from the car because he needs to… do
He can see the gears turning in Cas’s head, how Cas gets that Dean is sharing an intimate secret with him – and a
But another storm seems to be rolling in, and they rush to put the finishing touches before it hits. Dean’s combing the shoreline for anything else that might be useful to them when an unexpectedly large wave smacks into his side. He curses, defeated, and slinks back up the beach. His clothes were finally almost dry, too.
about the idea of Cas being so
“I do, don’t I?” Cas replies, humming agreeably. “That does open up a lot of possibilities.”
“Anything else I can do for you, detective?” She leans in further, and Dean can’t deny that she looks a hell of a lot like someone he might’ve pursued in the past – the type that usually catches his attention because instead of a blush or a nervous stammer, she meets his come-ons with the hint of a sharp edge in her smile, a glint in her eye. A woman who knows what she wants and is willing to go get it. Yeah, he woulda been all over that when he was, you know. Single.
Christ, he really is, and that wasn’t the purpose of all of this at the beginning, to get to this point from only his own hands, but he’s too far gone to care now. “I—please.” All his other vocabulary is melting away, and okay, yeah, maybe Dean’s been getting into it, showing off for Cas a little, but Dean still had
Nothing has taught Castiel patience – or tested his patience – like spending so much of his time with humans.
“I’m glad you told me,” Cas says. Dean’s pretty glad too. “But yes,” he says, lips quirking up at the corners. “I’ve had my suspicions for a while now.”
Dean doesn’t mind the way Cas basically collapses on top of him, feels utterly wrung out and complete, could easily fall asleep with the weight of Cas’s body blanketing him, his mouth chastely kissing the back of Dean’s neck.
“You never really expect it,” Dean carries on with a smirk. “But y’know, sometimes it’s a nice bonus. Gotta say, though, it’s been a while since someone’s been so… generous.”
with him and Cas. He’s certain now; Cas is holding out on him, in a way, even if he doesn’t mean to, and Dean is desperate for him to let go. He doesn’t just tolerate it, he
to shower either. Probably another torture tactic.
on his own. He doesn’t discuss it with Cas much. It’s hard – for all that Cas is sympathetic and understanding and so considerate of Dean’s needs and feelings, it’s just not the same for him. Angels live by a totally unrelated set of social rules, and Cas threw those out the window regardless. Charlie, on the other hand…
Cas isn’t buying it, Dean can see that from the way he narrows his eyes, from the imperious tilt of his head. “But you
“You’ll be the first to know,” Dean says with a laugh. “Should be okay though.” The brief flicker of humor in Dean’s expression is quickly replaced by raw desire. Dean would tease Castiel and call him
Dean gives Cas a few good strokes, feels him pulse in Dean’s grip. Yeah, Dean can’t wait to get his mouth on him, practically drooling at the idea of it as he leans in. He can’t even imagine how many pornos he’s seen with this exact scenario but this is nothing like that, really, nothing exaggerated or faked about how bad he wants this.
That makes Castiel impatient too, yet all the more determined to take his time with this. He’s not done playing with Dean, seeing him so plainly enjoying this. Castiel likes this too.
as Dean usually knows it. Flirting, sex, all of that, he does okay, knows the tricks and the nuances. But something real, with actual feelings involved? Not exactly his wheelhouse.
rather boring, Castiel has to admit – they start up another one that Dean seems much more enthusiastic about. Nevertheless, it’s not more than ten minutes in that Castiel notices Dean supplying commentary less and less frequently, eventually falling silent altogether. It’s not until Dean’s head droops onto Castiel’s shoulder that he confirms that Dean has indeed nodded off.
Cas’s lips quirk in acknowledgement. “Well, there was an antique fair next to the farmer’s market today. I found another ring just like mine.”
Cas kisses him indulgently and yeah, Dean’s definitely never going to get tired of that. He’s slow to pull away, cradling Dean’s face between his hands and pressing their foreheads together. “I think that I’m incredibly lucky to be with you,” Cas says, painfully sincere. “You’re everything to me, Dean. And you are
, probably has been since Cas’s fist connected with Jones’ face, since Dean got an eyeful of Cas looking pissed off and
“Oh, I’m sure you will,” Cas says when he starts to gather up the cards. “I can go easy on you if you want, though,” he adds, shifting into a sly grin and
“Thanks, Charlie,” Dean replies, just as distracted as she is, though for entirely different reasons.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean agrees, and Castiel knows he doesn’t imagine that flicker of
pouting, but he perks up when Cas tosses the box of off-brand Apple Jacks into the cart. Cas leans in to whisper like he’s got a secret, and Dean’s drawn in by his warmth, the air of conspiracy. “We can hide those in the bedroom.”
– that stirs up a spark of pride within Castiel, a pleasant warmth in his stomach.
Being with Dean again is a relief on so many levels, a
Jones carries on, cuts Cas off. “Probably’ll take it wherever he can get it, get on his knees for any sorry son of a bitch that comes sniffin’ around.” He pauses and laughs, raw and vicious. “Shit, bet if I asked nice enough he’d even let
Dean’s not sure if it’s intentional or not, but he can’t help but notice the double meaning in Cas’s words—not just Cas choosing to stay in this bed with Dean, bundled up tight in the blankets, but also sticking around for good. Because it was his choice, and this was what
“Well you can’t expect them to measure up to
Dean holds Cas while he can. “Yeah,” he agrees, blinking past the familiar burn behind his eyelids. “It really is.”
Cas kisses him again, touches him reverently which is so nice, it is, and there will be other times when Dean wants Cas’s tenderness more than anything else in the world, but Dean… Dean’s been looking forward to a do-over of the other day, wants to see how rough Cas will get now that he knows what it does for Dean. Hell, what it does for both of them.
as the guy takes off and damn, Dean doesn’t hear that nearly often enough.
His eyes well up again, threatening to spill over, so he pulls Cas in for a kiss, finished with talking, giving himself over to this feeling of love, of possibility. He can’t imagine not having this either.
Cas even eats with Sam and Dean most of the time. And he actually shows appreciation for Dean’s cooking, unlike some people,
Dean has no chance, not with Cas’s heated words, his hand stroking Dean rough and perfect, cock thrusting smoothly between his legs, the thought that someone could
murmured to Cas at an opportune moment. Cas is always happy to oblige.
Suddenly, Dean can’t turn a corner without bumping into Cas. He walks into the library, catches a glimpse of Cas’s broad, muscular back, and retreats silently before he’s noticed. He heads to the basement archives for something that might be helpful with a potential case and steps through the doorway just in time to see Cas lifting an absurdly heavy-looking chest onto a shelf. Cas sees him this time, and offers Dean some help, but Dean mumbles an excuse and flees, sends an irritated Sam down in his stead.
Cas hums thoughtfully, rakes his fingers through Dean’s hair. “And how do you feel now?”
Castiel works his hand in just a bit deeper, faster, matching the pace of Dean’s strokes. “Fuck,” Dean groans at the sensation. “
“So you were serious about this shit, huh?” Dean asks, pouncing on the opportunity to change the subject.
“What about them?”
He’s in love with Cas. Hopelessly, completely, embarrassingly in love with him.
“So, Sheriff,” Dean says abruptly, hoping to divert this situation to something a little more professional, and maybe get some information that they can actually work with. “There was another disappearance around here recently, wasn’t there?”
to spring out of bed at a moment’s notice, not that he’s particularly inclined to move under any circumstances, life-threatening or otherwise – not when he’s got Cas half-snoring beneath him, just as gloriously naked as Dean is.
“I can’t imagine it,” Cas says, sounding haunted. “Not knowing you. You’re—” Even Cas, much less tongue tied than Dean over this stuff, not nearly as afraid to be honest about how he feels, is at a loss for words over whatever’s going through his mind. Dean doesn’t need to hear it, though. He can see it clearly, now that he knows to look, and he wonders how he could ever have missed it, the depth of devotion that Cas feels for him. That he feels for Cas too.
?” His touch is almost soothing until he lifts one palm and brings it cracking down again, prompting Dean to speak.
“But I’m not sure we should do anything that you can’t even bring yourself to talk about,” Cas interrupts, not belittling or mocking him, just expressing a sincere concern – and a valid one, admittedly.
Once they’d gotten rid of Scott, Dean had kind of expected Cas to not follow through on the whole drinks thing, to ask Dean to text Scott and make their excuses so Cas could spend the rest of the night very thoroughly reminding Dean that Scott can’t hold a candle to him. There’s no way that Cas didn’t have that in the back of his mind, considering that Scott had the balls to ask Dean out right in front of him. Not that Scott exactly knows they’re together, but still.
Cas hovers in maddening proximity to Dean’s parted lips, stroking himself, still fisting his hand in Dean’s hair, keeping him in place. The thick muscled legs bracketing Dean’s torso flex rhythmically as Cas tries to keep his balance and
him what he wants either. And he probably owes Cas a little transparency after all his posturing and denial.
“And yeah, it’s not just for guys,” Charlie continues. “It’s for, y’know. All of us.”
“I dunno, it’s just like… I’m imagining weird shit,” Dean mumbles, willing his face to not turn red at the memory. “At night,” he adds, after a beat. “…while I’m asleep.”
does have a lot to do with it, but that’s not the issue entirely. Dean finds himself, in a weird way, fiercely protective of his moments with Cas. Nothing’s ever felt quite this personal between him and someone else before, this precious and
, Dean reeling from the impact, whining low in his throat, tensing as Cas maddeningly makes him wait for the next smack. Sometimes Cas switches things up with a group of quick, light swats, the cumulative sting more than enough to get Dean panting, groaning weakly.
“This is nice.”
But he can’t just come out and say that, explain how he doesn’t want Cas to stop because he fucking likes it, and then he’d have to get into
“Wouldn’t be the first time we’ve gotten kicked out of a bar,” Dean says, lazy grin widening when Cas’s fingers inch a little higher on his thigh. “Usually for stuff that’s way less fun, though.”
But this isn’t a dream, and that kind of stuff doesn’t happen in real life. Not to Dean, anyway. Dean hasn’t lost sight of exactly what this is. Two people can only dance around that kind of physical attraction for so long before, well,
And best of all, when he arranges Dean’s body to his liking and spreads his legs wide, Dean watching in shameless anticipation as Cas slicks his fingers up and slips them inside him. His touch is always careful but confident, his gentle, methodical ministrations relaxing Dean and working him up in equal measure, crooking his fingers with a sort of lazy precision that leaves Dean choking on a gasp with each movement.
Meanwhile Dean’s needy and frantic, eagerly arching into each touch, shamelessly wrapping himself around Cas. He’d love to blame his embarrassing display on intoxication, but the reality is that he just can’t get enough of Cas, wants Cas to give him everything he’s got and then maybe do it a couple more times just for good measure. He pouts when Cas pulls away until he realizes Cas is just getting the lube, and then he’s saying a silent prayer of thanks for Cas’s forethought. Dean’s not sure what Cas’s exact plan is, if he has one, but for now he slicks them both enough so they can slide together easily, the friction making Dean’s toes curl.
The bad vibes only get worse when he and Cas drive out to the county office to touch base with the sheriff.
, lying on the mattress by himself while Cas is still puttering around the room picking up clothes, why he’s suddenly shaky and awkward.
Dean shudders at the sound of Cas reverently breathing his name. Despite getting off already, Cas’s voice is deep and rough with arousal, and the sound of it only pushes Dean closer to the edge.
Dean snorts. “Definitely not,” he says promptly, turning to face Cas as he stretches out next to Dean, so Cas knows that he means it.
but Dean wasn’t exactly thinking with his upstairs brain.
“You were never supposed to be there,” Cas says adamantly. "That wasn’t you. I
true,” he says, but his self-deprecation is playful, a smirk emerging on his face.
He takes a better look at Cas to reassess. If he didn’t know any better, he’d say that Cas has…
Castiel clears his throat against the urge to cup Dean’s face in his hands, stroke his fingers through Dean’s hair, though his suspicions that Dean would welcome that are almost entirely confirmed. “I’m saying good night now.”
Castiel cups Dean’s face in one hand, thumb wiping away a tear before it spills onto his cheek. “I couldn’t rush this.”
, he wants to give Cas something to
She seems a little thrown off by the question, which, yeah, that’s fair, maybe he could’ve brought it up a little more tactfully. “Ooookay,” she says slowly, setting down her tablet and sliding it aside. “That was random. And kinda heavy when I’m only on my first cup? Like, seriously, give a girl a little warning.” She picks up her coffee and sits back, looking at him intently. “But yeah, sure, let’s get into it, why not?”
to go anywhere; there’s no pressure to hurry or hastily seize the opportunity like it’s the last they’ll ever have.
,” Cas groans in response, “Yes, that’s it.” And Dean can see through his haze of arousal that Cas is touching himself in earnest now, not so unaffected after all.
was his wildest fantasy. If this is what settling down is like, Dean’s pretty okay with that.
?” she asks, deepening her voice in a way that most definitely sounds nothing like him, thanks.
Dean chuckles, brought back from his momentary funk. “Yeah, I could tell,” he says with a smirk. “You fuckin’ laid him out,” he says, voice low and heated, not bothering to mask his admiration. “You held back, though, didn’t you,” he realizes out loud. “You could’ve knocked him out cold no problem.” He’s well aware of what Cas is capable of. Jones is probably lucky to be
“Of course not,” Castiel replies, vehement. “They’re for me.” He’s taken aback by the hint of possessiveness in his voice, but Dean looks anything but put off by it.
For a moment they just look at each other, smiling quietly. Usually when they’re standing in in such close proximity, Dean will irritably call attention to it, diffuse the situation in case… well,
He frowns and tries again.
“I can’t wait until we’re finally home,” Cas says wistfully, and Dean’s heart does a pathetic little flip at the sentiment, that Cas thinks of the bunker as home, that home is where he gets to be with Dean. Dean can’t deal with the sudden rush of emotion, so he cups Cas’s face and leans in for a kiss instead, melting against Cas as their lips meet.
,” Castiel purrs, leaning in for another thorough kiss. “You were breathtaking.” He’s well aware of how such compliments make Dean blush – that’s part of the appeal for Castiel, helplessly charmed, as always, by the way the pink contrasts with Dean’s lovely freckles.
“They’ll be expecting you at the award ceremony,” Dean says as Cas leaves a gentle kiss on his cheek.
He trails off, unable to find the words or courage to continue, but Castiel understands; there was something earth-shattering about this for him too, even if his relationship with sex is different than Dean’s, even if he participated in a very different way. He reaches down to thread his fingers through Dean’s, squeezing Dean’s hand in his, kissing it to show his message is received. “I liked that,” he says, and the admission makes Dean smile to himself.
But that’s not fair. Dean’s too needy, and this is too messy already. Even now he’s watching Cas’s fingers resting against the reflective metal and wondering what it would be like to hold Cas’s hand. “No,” he says, abrupt, shaking his head at himself more than anything else. “I’m good.”
When Dean finds a spare moment, idling in the motel parking lot while Sam and Cas pack up the room so they can get the hell out of here, he picks up his phone and texts Charlie. She’s at some kind of convention – Dean doesn’t know, exactly, but she sent him a picture of her in a pretty impressive Xena costume – but she still answers him right away.
Dean can’t catch his breath, keeps rambling on. “It wasn’t just—I want—” he tries to stammer through it but he can’t fucking do this, he doesn’t have the words.
He almost doesn’t realize they’re shifting towards the wall until he’s got Dean’s back against it, bodies pressed together intimately. Dean’s arousal is palpable, intoxicating as he looks at Castiel, pulls him even closer to whisper into the scant space between them. “You want a taste, Cas?” he asks, licking his lips in that provocative way he does, his demeanor more deliberately sultry than Castiel’s used to seeing from him, and he has to admit that he wants so much more than
It grows quiet, and Dean expects the panic to set in, for the regret to seep through their shared space and undo any progress they’ve made. But Dean just feels calm, calmer than he has in months, body loose and satisfied. He’s this close to dozing off when Cas’s voice startles him.
Dean’s not different, not exactly, just more
Dean was totally shaken by that dream. He’s been so caught up wondering how the hell he started dreaming about romance novels that he didn’t even realize he’s practically been living in one. And it’s about time he stopped ignoring the
,” he gasps, clinging to Cas. “Okay.”
Cas watches him carefully, thumb tracing the ridge of Dean’s cheekbone. “I’m not asking you to say anything.”
in far less pleasant circumstances, and there Dean was actually
It took something big for Cas to really lose it last time, a real test of his patience to get him to the point where he really couldn’t control himself. The cracks in his composure are already starting to show, harder to ignore every time a situation like this comes up.
Castiel slips his hand beneath Dean’s shirt, needing more skin, sliding higher until it’s rucked up his torso. Clothes are an unwelcome impediment now, and Dean seems to agree, hastily shedding his own shirt and then helping Castiel peel his off as well. Castiel relishes the feeling of Dean’s hands on him, their bare skin touching. He needs more, fingers curling around the waistband of Dean’s sweats and then hesitating, waiting for approval. Dean doesn’t even confirm out loud, just pushes them down himself, Castiel reluctantly putting some space between them so Dean can kick the garment away. Then he’s bare beneath Castiel’s fingers, and Castiel settles between his legs again, gazing down at him in awe.
, because Dean likes it, because he asked for it, and Dean’s so excited and so grateful he’s already trembling finely, pressing his face against the mattress.
been kind of a dick to Scott this entire week. And, as far as Scott probably thinks, a massive cockblock. “What happened to Cas?”
at him then, doesn’t make a move of any kind. Dean’s not sure what he was expecting – maybe for Cas to clear off the desk in one sweeping gesture, wind a hand in Dean’s tie and haul him up onto the surface. Dean sure wouldn’t complain about that. But Dean started this, in his own veiled but ultimately obvious way, and he can see that Cas is playing along with it, keeping up with the charade of acting like they’re only discussing the case.
. “Wanted to kiss you so bad.”
“You thought about me naked?” Dean asks with a cheeky grin, breezing past a sudden onslaught of emotion, running his hands along Cas’s muscled back appreciatively.
And even though he is completely, utterly blameless for this situation, he can kind of understand where his brain got its inspiration. Despite pretending otherwise for years, Dean's gotten to a point where he can admit that he’s not immune to the sight of a strong masculine body, especially one in close proximity, and after their run-in yesterday, Dean knows Cas definitely falls into that demographic.
it seems perfectly obvious, that it was only a matter of time before the excess spending caught up to them and their wallets started feeling the strain. Dean just wishes they weren’t on the road with Sam when it happened.
He keeps repeating it until Dean has no choice but to give in, writhing and panting and on the verge of tears. “
Cas catches his gaze and holds it steadily, letting the moment hang. Cas tends to do that, look at him just a little too long, and sometimes Dean thinks he sees something in his eyes but, no, that can’t be right. Wishful thinking.
Dean makes his way to the basement, hesitating as he approaches the gym. It’s sad, but he feels like he needs to work up the nerve to actually walk in. Maybe Cas isn’t even in there, and Dean’s getting himself all wound up for nothing.
As much as Dean would have liked to take the car, it’s not really an option, so they head out on foot instead. That’s when he learns the hard way that he and Cas have entirely different definitions of what “not far” means.
Cas holding him close, kissing him softly, that part’s not so different. But in times like these, Dean’s legitimately too slacked out to even attempt to clean himself up, entrusting that task to Cas, drinking the water that Cas brings him, groaning blearily as Cas’s massages away any aches he might have from obediently holding himself in whatever position Cas had asked.
“I promise,” Cas confirms. He takes hold of Dean’s hand and kisses his knuckles. “This is where I want to be, as long as you’ll have me.”
Hopefully normal gets here sooner rather than later, because this whole routine is getting old. Dean’s practically jumping at shadows, hastily exiting a room before Cas sees him, darting in the opposite direction if they’re about to cross paths. There might be a more mature way to handle this, but Dean’s not exactly open to hearing about it.
Dean tries again to snap himself out of it, to remind himself that there’s a job here – or that the very least, that he needs to prove that there isn’t one. “What makes this guy so sure it wasn’t, y’know, a
Dean smiles wider and pulls Castiel into an indulgent kiss, humming contentedly when they part. “Morning.” He pauses for a second, casting a side-long glance at the coffee maker percolating away beside them. “Y’know, you really don’t have to make me coffee every day,” he says. It wasn’t so long ago that Dean might be genuinely annoyed over this, or at least made a convincing show of it. But now Castiel can see that Dean’s secretly pleased, even if he’s struggling to accept it, needing to brush it off.
, there,
to sleep, but that doesn’t mean he can’t – he chooses to often enough, has been known to spend the night with Dean even if he does stay awake, just holding him. It feels like the moment for that has passed, if it were ever there to begin with, and Castiel doesn’t know how to get it back. The pleasant haze that normally follows their encounters is souring, the rush settling into a faint buzz as usual, but it’s gone all
It’s kind of dangerous to leave them alone right now. Dean knows that Cas gets drunk faster than he does, but what he’s now discovering is that he also gets fucking
Castiel trails his lips from Dean’s cheek down to his jaw and further. Dean readily tilts his head back, exposing his neck in an invitation that Castiel can’t resist. Castiel presses his mouth to a particularly sensitive spot, satisfied by the pleased little hum that Dean lets out, his breath speeding up, pulling Castiel closer and arching up against him.
Dean moans right alongside him, feels Cas’s cock pulsing against every sensitive, vulnerable part, making a filthy mess of him. Dean always expects to be grossed out by something like this, but that couldn’t be further from the case. He’s squirming in nothing but reluctant, dirty pleasure as Cas’s come runs down his thighs.
Dean just keeps smiling at him, a softness in his expression that has nothing to do with lingering sleepiness. It’s a moment Castiel’s experienced so many times, when he realizes that if he hadn’t fallen for Dean so long ago, this would be enough to get him there.
to do this now. He can check Cas out all he wants, so he does, giving him a thorough once over, still with that split second of panic when Cas catches him staring. But all he does is stare right back, giving Dean a slow smile that makes his stomach flip. Cas knows he’s looking, seems to enjoy it,
Castiel raises an eyebrow at him. “I thought you didn’t want any.”
it, and lately, Cas has been reminding him of the rest of that particular wild night when Dean was nineteen, not just the pretty pink undergarments but the other part, the part that he’s never mentioned to Cas.
He might even go as far as to call it
“Amy Mulholland was very excited about her ‘promposal’ last month,” Castiel reports after a long stretch of silence, leaning on the table with his chin in one hand.
; He’s clearly sizing them up, coming to exactly the conclusions that Dean was hoping to avoid. “What’s the problem, pal?” he taunts, his tone stripped of its comedic veneer, disdainful and real now. “Your
They finish a lot quicker with Cas helping, and throughout dinner, Dean’s hardly able to tear his eyes away from Cas, swinging rapidly between gooey sappy feelings and the simmering lust that’s been left unattended for too long now. He thinks he sees the same reflected in Cas’s eyes.
“Dean?”
He’s not dumb enough to not ask or make it happen now that he has his chance. That’s what this whole trip was for, and he’s already way past the point of being able to deny his feelings. Of course, he still expected to struggle with himself over it, but it’s amazingly easy to tuck himself against Cas’s side like he belongs there, overwhelmed by a sense of completion and safety when Cas doesn’t hesitate to wrap an arm around him to keep him close. More scandalous activity isn’t entirely out of his mind, but this is more than nice, just getting to feel everything out now that they both acknowledge what this is, find out how they fit together. This kind of touch was just as off-limits as anything else, before, and it’s just as fulfilling to finally get it. He’s survived so long without the contact he craved, and he’s swiftly becoming addicted to it, cuddling closer and focusing on how good it feels, rather than any lingering insecurity.
“Yeah,” Dean repeats. The idea of it is definitely sounding real nice right about now. “And I gotta get back to cooking if we ever wanna eat.”
At first, it almost seemed like a nightmare about a hunt gone wrong, but then the vamp pushing him against a rough brick wall turned out to be
“Of course,” Cas replies immediately, with painful sincerity as always. After a beat he adds, “I couldn’t stand to hear him speak to you that way,” a hint of aggression returning to his tone and yeah, Dean can’t lie, he’s really into that.
. “Geez, Cas,” he says with a faint laugh. “Haven’t even been here five minutes and you’re already breaking hearts.” Never mind that Dean was kind of responsible for the heartbreak here.
But once he has it, it’s clear that Cas has every intention of staying put. And that’s fair, they often watch TV together, although it has been kind of a while. Dean’s starting to miss Cas’s commentary. But Dean doesn’t trust himself to be alone with Cas right now, doesn’t know what’ll happen, or what he
, anything to sate the hunger that’s consuming him. “Please.”
Dean locks eyes with him, and the urgency in his gaze burns Castiel up from the inside. “Keep—” Dean starts, cutting off with a choked gasp when Castiel angles his hand just so. “Keep going,” he insists, reaching down to take himself in hand. “Please,” he adds, almost inaudible, but Castiel is too tuned into him right now to miss a single detail.
, okay, now Dean’s getting it –
for Castiel, but Castiel suspects that his own interests are at play here too. Dean has to draw back, coughing slightly, when he pushes a bit too far.
. Seeing others make advances towards Dean, noting the hopeful interest in their eyes, it still stirs up dark feelings that refuse to be ignored. That insistent jealous pang hasn’t gone away, so as important as it was to talk to Dean about it, ultimately Castiel can’t help but think that they’ve accomplished nothing.
, okay, so, there’s a sprig of mistletoe dangling innocently above their heads.
“Um,” he attempts, throat dry, wiping his suddenly clammy hands on his jeans. He glances around the kitchen – he’s only chopped stuff so far, hasn’t even made it to the stove, nothing at risk of burning the place down if he abandons it – and turns back to Cas, licking his lips. “Okay.”
“Can I help you?” Dean asks, startled into sounding shriller and more panicked than he intended.
Dean lets out a bleary, contented noise when Cas’s hand slips across his stomach. He is totally on board for this, even if his mind’s still a little foggy, but it belatedly occurs to him that Cas never answered him, and there’s something off about that.
of him – this is where he’ll be.
before, exactly, but Dean says a prayer of thanks that he’d been hopeful enough to stash some lube in the glove compartment. Dean fumbles blindly behind himself until he can retrieve the bottle – Cas looks pleasantly surprised to see it, a hint of a glint in his eye, smirk on his face – and Dean uncaps it, hands trembling in anticipation, in excitement.
, against his collar bone. They have the car packed and ready to go by noon.
It’s late by the time they check into some crappy roadside inn a few miles outside the city, where the incident took place. The walls are practically crumbling around them and there’s a disconcerting number of roach traps near the check-in desk, but of
Cas raises an eyebrow. “Sloppy, huh? You think you can ride any better?” he asks, leaning just a little bit closer.  Dean’s got an inch or two of height on Cas, but he wouldn’t know it right now – maybe it’s the hat Cas is wearing, or the slight heel to his boots, or just the way he’s insinuating himself into Dean’s space like he belongs there.
They find themselves at a diner in New Jersey a couple of days later, one with retro décor and view of the boardwalk. “You boys here on vacation?” the waitress asks as she tops off their morning coffee.
Castiel growls in frustration, only somewhat exaggerated for effect. “So you’ve decided to be a tease now that you’ve been satisfied?” he asks, tugging on Dean’s hair. The imperious tone is mostly for Dean’s benefit – it seems to have such an effect on him – but Castiel is
. And he does, eventually. But for the first time in a while, he felt like he didn’t quite want to.
The bastard just shrugs. “Shit-brained thing to do, callin’
He’s somehow not surprised that Cas is already there, seated at the table in the dimly lit kitchen. He just had a feeling. They only glance at each other silently as Dean walks by to open the refrigerator, but his brain doesn’t even register the food he’s supposed to be looking at. He’s too distracted, hyperaware of Cas behind him, his posture tense.
“Just lookin’ at ‘em,” Dean mutters, not meeting Cas halfway. Not yet, anyway. He’s feeling bold enough to meet Cas’s eye, and Cas has that look on his face, the befuddled but fond expression he reserves for when he thinks Dean’s being weird, but he’s so crazy about Dean that he’s willing to roll with it, even if he doesn’t quite follow.
knowing what’s coming next.
Dean can’t say he was expecting that. “So she left on her own? And, what, she just forgot her car out in the middle of nowhere?”
for you,” he breathes at last, voice low and rough. He appears less unflappable now, lust breaking through the stoic façade, and Dean curses whatever part of his brain  used to think that Cas talking dirty would be a disaster. Dean’s grown accustomed to Cas letting something slip out of the blue of when he’s especially worked up, that kind of untamed, filthy honesty he’s come to expect from Cas, but this is deliberate – Cas is
Although, Cas just
Keeping his vessel in peak condition, after all, isn’t entirely a passive act. He has to concentrate on healing a wound, and it’s the same for alleviating hunger or easing fatigue – or even something as mundane as stopping the growth of his hair and fingernails. It’s not terribly taxing, but it’s an inaudible, unsettling hum that’s always buzzed under his skin, and he couldn’t have anticipated what a relief it was for it to stop, for him to just let go and let this body exist naturally. It’s left him feeling centered, grounded,
quickly.
It’s never easy to tell exactly what time it is, living in an underground bunker, but the clock next to Dean’s side of the bed tells him that it’s 4:07 a.m. – way fucking earlier than it should be.
A whispered
“I’m not offended,” Castiel says, smiling at him. “You were prepared.”
are they that you think something’s messing with you? What are they about?”
Castiel’s not stupid or blind. He’s seen how Dean looks at him every time he leaves, the disappointment and hurt in his eyes that he quickly transmutes into irritation, into passive aggression that Castiel struggles to interpret. Castiel would love to say that Dean’s overreacting, but he
But he doesn’t. And that makes Castiel feel bolder still, content to leave his hand exactly where it is. If Dean can accept the situation without asking for an explanation, then Castiel isn’t going to offer one.
Dean sits at the table – gingerly, mindful of residual aches, secretly thrilled by the tangible reminder. Cas watches him, somehow both sympathetic and smug at once, and puts a plate of eggs in front of him that he has zero complaints about.
“Just like this?” Cas asks, looking nothing short of intrigued, and he just goes with it, keeps up his half of their unwavering rhythm. He’s going faster now, goading Dean into matching his pace.
Castiel’s no better off, just as enthralled by the picture Dean makes, gazing up at Castiel like that, knowing what he’s asking for, what he wants. It’s a bit overwhelming for Castiel to think about what’s coming next, that he’s going to be
Castiel’s relieved to see that Dean even managed to sleep at all. He hates to disturb him. If it were up to him, he’d let Dean stay here for a while longer, but their time in the motel is running out. It’s rare for Dean to look this peaceful, although Castiel knows from experience that the hand shoved under his pillow is probably wrapped tightly around the grip of a gun.
here,” Dean replies petulantly, pouting all over again that Cas is still keeping his distance.
The air of self-indulgent superiority vanishes in a second, Jones’s posture going rigid, expression cold. “Damn well is my concern if you waltz into my office expectin’ me to work with someone like—” he looks fleetingly in Dean’s direction, “
“Yeah,” Dean says, voice shaky. “Thanks,” he adds after a beat. It sounds awkward to his ears, and a hell of an understatement, but he damn well means it.
It’s all but confirmed, now, because Dean’s smirked and made comments before easily enough, about whatever unexpected thing Castiel does that he thinks is ‘hot,’ but he can be oddly shy with some of his desires if he’s convinced himself they’re shameful or simply not worth acknowledging. There’s something deeper than simple lust at play here.
Being with Cas is an exercise in learning that familiarity is its own kind of thrill. That something being routine doesn’t mean it’s boring.
he knows what’s going on, Dean realizes, instead of assuming and closing himself off.
Finding himself alone in his bed leaves him rattled, and Dean’s not quite sure how to feel about it. He’s achingly hard against the mattress, of
for Cas as it is for Dean, that maybe there’s something real, something serious beneath the surface.
Oh, shit, he’s serious—and, well, okay, maybe Dean was too, on some level, even though he’d tried to disguise it in a few layers of flippancy and sarcasm. It had occurred to him, off-hand, that that was something they should talk about, but damn, they’re
His threat is pure bluster, an obvious bluff – being with Cas is well worth waiting for, and, well, sometimes it’s even better when the tension has a chance to build before they act on it. Dean’s got a suspicion that Cas likes making him wait, might even be doing it on purpose at the moment and, well, Dean might like that a little bit too.
This, though… this is worth appreciating.
Sam glances up from his paper and says, “Morning,” completely oblivious to Dean’s mounting crisis.
“Yeah,” Dean says with no hesitation, breaking into a smile, couldn’t even feign reluctance here if he tried. “What—” He clears his throat. “What do you want me to do?” he asks, tongue darting out to wet his dry lips, and maybe he should be embarrassed by how breathlessly eager he sounds, but he’s so excited that he might actually be shaking a little.
“Fine,” Dean relents with an exaggerated sigh. “If you wanna do it so bad I won’t stop you,” he adds, grin slipping into a smirk. “Who’s the lumberjack now, huh?”
“You’re obviously tired,” Castiel says, trying to mask his reluctance as he withdraws his hand.
“Okay?” Cas asks, voice low, rubbing Dean’s back in long, soothing strokes. Dean could almost drift off if he weren’t strung tight from anticipation, makes a vague noise of assent in response to Cas’s question. “Are you nervous?”
“Remember after we came home?” Dean asks as Cas sits up so he can slip his shirt off. “The first night we spent here.” In this bed, his mind supplies.
, working Dean through a seemingly endless cycle of blissful stimulation that’s abruptly taken away before it can give him any sort of gratification. Dean’s eyes are screwed shut and he feels tears gathering at the corners, leaking onto his flushed cheeks.
Cas, to Dean’s dismay, is showing no efforts to make good on any unspoken promises. He’s puttering around still dressed, sifting through case notes and occasionally tapping something out on the laptop. Dean perks up when Cas strips off his jacket and loosens his tie. He catches sight of Dean sprawled out on the bed, looking pleased by what he sees, but he merely unbuttons his shirt cuffs and rolls up the sleeves – the worst kind of tease right now – and doesn’t pick up the pace at all.
“Just… different,” Dean says, palm against Castiel’s cheek as he shifts further into Castiel’s space. “You’re different. In a good way, obviously.”
“Yes,” Cas replies, soft and sincere. “It is.”
“Nah,” Dean says, trying to sound calm, but his flush probably gives him away. “I like a guy who’s confident.” Then they’re honest to god
looking at them?” Cas asks coaxingly after a beat, confusion melting into smugness in the blink of an eye.
Castiel isn’t all that enthused about Dean’s current choice of research either, but he plays along, dutifully scrolling through all manner of adolescent exuberance and drama while Dean paces around the room, supposedly doing his own investigating on his phone.
“Maybe you wouldn’t think so,” Cas says, shaking his head minutely. “But I… didn’t appreciate it.”
Castiel’s aware of how Dean reacts to him, the way he responds to Castiel’s touch, even if it’s nothing more than a friendly gesture. The more he’s been allowed to explore this side of their relationship, the more he’s realized that Dean is absolutely aching for contact. And Castiel aches to give it to him.
Dean wonders what exactly Cas thinks about. He knows Cas would tell him everything if Dean were willing to hear it, not just the filth but the earnest expressions of affection too. The
“You been thinking about me too?” Dean asks, not bothering to sound casual, the hope visible in his eyes.
Castiel smiles at him again, bordering on a laugh. “Is that a yes?”
“Uh—” Dean says, stopping mid-step, noticeably distracted. “Not yet.”
Dean’s perfectly aware by now how much Cas cares about him, but he’ll take any reminder he can get. He wonders if hearing it will ever get old, but he knows with certainty now that it’s not going to.
from there, pressing Dean into the sheets, mouthing at his neck, fingers tracing Dean’s nipples until they stiffen under his touch. They’re both down to their boxers by now, and Dean feels like he’s been hard for goddamn hours, stifling a whimper every time Cas’s warm, solid weight shifts on top of him.
“Heard anything from Dean?” Sam asks, glancing towards the rooms.
really, and Dean sucks in a sharp breath, knowing what’s being implied here. “Yeah, fuck,” he says in what he can’t deny is a whimper, mesmerized by the sight of Cas’s thick but elegant fingers stroking his cock. “Do it.”
He ducks right into the bedroom when he’s ready, avoiding seeing Cas but hearing his footsteps approach the bathroom, followed by the sound of the lock clicking closed. He sheds whatever clothing he can get away with quickly and pulls out the first comfortable thing he finds when he reaches into the dresser, undressed and in bed in record time.
and go for it, no matter how bold that seems. Then he eyes his own bed on the other side of the room, big and empty and not nearly as inviting as it should be after the afternoon he had. He takes a deep breath and climbs into it anyway. Apparently he’s been brave enough for today.
Castiel still sees Dean throughout the day, has to fight to keep his expression and tone neutral as he bids good night to him in the evening and watches Dean wander off without him.
Castiel finds it easier to joke now, to indulge in the kind of leisure that he’d always thought as frivolous compared to the gravity of everything else they had to contend with. It used to be so important that he maintained this stoic, no-nonsense nature, to prove that he was above such things, that he wasn’t weak to that kind of foolish emotion.
Castiel squashes the remnants of his misguided guilt, holding Dean’s gaze steadily. He cups Dean’s face, feels a warm sense of satisfaction when Dean leans into his touch. “To be honest, part of why I felt so terrible was…” He debates how to describe it, still feeling it out for himself. He’s carefully reevaluating how the sight of his marks on Dean’s skin affects him, shunting aside the initial guilt now that he knows Dean’s okay with it—
Castiel notes the deflection, the subtle pivot from focusing on his own desires. Castiel may have some things of his own in mind, but he wants to give Dean what
Cas rubs his chin, as if in thought. It’s a perfectly harmless (and surprisingly human) gesture, but Dean’s eyes are immediately drawn to the way Cas’s arm flexes as he reaches up, to the dark shadow of his stubble, his long fingers grazing his lips. Dean’s gaze helplessly drops to the waistband of Cas’s pants—which seem to be slipping lower by the second, baring his sharp hipbones—before flicking back up again, admiring the broadness of Cas’s shoulders.
Shit. “I wasn’t—”
Cas seems encouraged by Dean’s enthusiasm, a glint in his eye. “But I won’t let you rush me for this part. I like to be thorough. I want you so ready for me you can hardly stand to wait any longer.”
When Cas lies down on the bed beside him, Dean finds the energy to crawl between his legs, a hand on Cas’s knee and sliding higher, licking his lips, provocative and deliberate. He looks up at Cas. “Can I?” he tries again, more insistent this time. He’s earned this, dammit.
“Right,” Dean says after an awkwardly long pause, not sure how else to respond. “Makes sense.” And it does, really—if Cas has been dabbling in all that mundane shit that humans need to do to stay alive and functional, it’s not totally inconceivable that exercise would factor in. But Dean’s sure that Cas is noticeably more muscular than he was before, stronger and
. Besides, he’s never actually been fucked in his car before, and that’s a crying shame as far as he’s concerned.
expression is still something Dean doesn’t quite know how to handle. “Can you make it?” he asks, eyebrow raised. “Or will I have to carry you the rest of the way?”
Dean’s still riding the high of what just happened, feeling so giddy when they pile into the car that he almost wonders if he’s too delirious to be driving.
Cas draws back so he can look at Dean, heated and affectionate. “I wanted to kiss you too.”
Castiel watches intently as Dean licks his lips and resumes his pacing. He tilts his head slightly, concern overriding his amusement at Dean trying to act like everything’s normal. “Are you all right?”
“Eww,” Charlie says as she playfully shoves him away, her laugh betraying her amusement, “Keep your man germs away from me. Save that shit for Cas.”
Truthfully, Castiel’s finding it a bit difficult to pay attention today. Normally absorbing a nearly impossible amount of information at once is a simple task for him, not just necessary in a battle but just part of his everyday existence as an angel, comprehending everything on both a massive and infinitesimal scale. Since embracing a more human lifestyle, his focus has gotten much narrower, and at the moment the only thing he can focus on at
He’s relieved when Sam’s door swings open across the way. “Hey, Cas,” Sam says when he joins Castiel, greeting him with a tired half smile.
Cas’s fingers dig in strong enough to bruise as he comes and oh
“Yeah, you got it.”
because of him, has them already, blooming bright on his smooth skin. This is exactly what Castiel was worried about. He had no idea he was being so rough, so
Now, though, there’s no fucking way he can ignore them. He’s intimately familiar with Cas’s hands, knows with explicit certainty how good it is to have everything he’d always pretended he didn’t want.
There’s something about being out here that has a wonderful effect on Dean. Castiel’s started to realize the depth of Dean’s exhaustion, both physical and mental, now that he’s well-rested and stress free.
“Even a monster wouldn’t drink this shit,” Dean says with a scoff, kicking a can out of his way. “Kids these days. No taste.”
Dean looks uncomfortable, expression shuttered, and pulls his hand away almost protectively, tugging his sleeve down. “Don’t worry about it,” he mumbles, taking a step back.
“Don’t be stubborn,” Cas hisses into Dean’s ear. A few beats pass, Dean trembling in Cas’s hold, before Cas sighs. “You drive me crazy,” he murmurs, voice dipping into a growl.
forgiveness. He can allow himself a few slip-ups, but incidents like that night in the apartment complex parking lot, for example, aren’t something he plans to make a habit of. In his defense, he’d been on edge for days, knowing he’d make a mistake eventually, that trying to keep everything bottled up was only going to exacerbate his instinctual responses when they ultimately broke free. He held out as long as he could, not letting his personal issues affect the job no matter how rankled he was by her conspicuously expressing intentions towards Dean from the very start. It was only once everything was over, when she’d gotten
part out loud.
He slides his fingers up to settle on the nape of Dean’s neck, calling his name again, brushes his thumb against Dean’s throat and feels the flutter of his pulse as Dean slowly stirs at last.
Cas’s fingers thread through Dean’s hair again, his other hand cupping Dean’s cheek. Dean leans into the touch, enthralled by Cas’s air of finely controlled power, comforted by the ever-present undercurrent of genuine affection that Cas has for him.
Dean can’t argue; if that’s Cas’s response to a little sass, Dean’s not exactly inclined to tone it down.
“Fuck no,” Dean fires back. They’ve never been conventional, by any stretch – why should they start now? This is enough. It’s an understated gesture, sure, but it’s so goddamn real it’s exhilarating. “This is perfect.” He’s crying in earnest now, and a fading voice in his head tells him he ought to be embarrassed about it, but he’s not even trying compose himself. This is worth losing his cool over. Cas gently brushes the tears away with his fingers, kisses his damp cheeks. Dean leans into it when Cas cradles his face in one hand, kisses Cas’s palm and mumbles against it, “We’ll get a cake though, right?”
“God,” Sam mutters, scrubbing a hand over his face. “Seriously?”
Dean finally feels like he knows that for sure, that Cas doesn’t make promises lightly. He’s not going to change his mind – not about the little things, and not about the choice he made in being with Dean.
,” he echoes, clearly mimicking him. Dean can’t confirm that Cas rolls his eyes – he’s too busy leaving a mark on Dean’s collarbone – but it’s more or less implied.
Castiel quickly puts his phone away, about to apologize when he sees the amused look on Dean’s face. Instead he grins, heart pounding when Dean does the same. “I couldn’t resist.”
Cas’s sturdy frame is a grounding weight above him, a welcome pressure keeping him where he wants to be. Where he might stay forever, if that were at all practical. They don’t stray far from one another when Cas finally withdraws, taking a few long moments to kiss languidly, thoroughly, luxuriating in their intimacy. Dean sighs happily when they part and Cas’s lips brush his cheek, his temple, strong arms gathering him up against Cas’s chest. His eyelids grow heavy when soothing fingers card through his hair in a gentle caress. Urging him to relax. Reminding him he’s safe.
with that act.
Dean resists the urge to roll his eyes – Christ, they’re finally getting somewhere. “Think you could head over there with us?”
. Dean doesn’t know how the hell he survived.
that Sam just couldn’t help himself, had to give into looking at his Google alerts or whatever the fuck he’s got set up. He fills them in on an article involving the president of a regional bank in Colorado that Dean’s never heard of – and doesn’t care to hear of now either – attacked in his office in circumstances that seem like some definitely weird
He pulls his hand away and Cas’s with it, gets into position to lower himself onto Cas’s cock. His eyes want to slam shut in pleasure as he sinks down, but he forces them open so he can watch Cas’s face, legs shaking as he slides home inch by torturous inch. Cas’s eyelids flutter but his focus on Dean is unwavering, running his hands up and down Dean’s thighs, firmly resting on his waist to steady him.
is into it too, that’s an entirely different story. Dean tips his chin up in invitation, offering up a bit of unblemished skin for Cas’s mouth, but Cas doesn’t take advantage of it the way Dean had hoped. He just traces Dean’s pulse point with the tip of one finger, watching Dean with hooded eyes and letting him
with Dean is as explicit as it’s ever been, yet strangely innocent in its intent.
Dean doesn’t seem to have anything to say to that, just flushes slightly, a fetching pink against his freckles.
Castiel lifts an eyebrow, mindful of the mischief in Dean’s eyes, noting again, with much interest, Dean’s predilection for drawing attention to their ‘marital status.’ “Is that for me?” he asks slowly, “Or for yourself?”
“Dean,” Cas says, locking eyes with Dean mid-curl, arms fully flexed.
,” Dean grumbles, shoving a haphazard pile of denim and plaid into Cas’s arms, feeling his cheeks turning pink. “If you need more, go bother Sam.”
Dean glares at his back as he trudges up the beach, cursing his luck for the hundredth time in the past few weeks. If Dean had had any real say in things, he would never even be close to a situation like this. But when your boss tell you he needs a shipment delivered ASAP, you do it, regardless of the arrogant prick he sends with you to man the helm.
Dean’s full-on smirking now, impish but fond. “You feel better? Got it out of your system?”
Maybe Dean’s pining for something he can’t really have, or shouldn’t want in the first place, but those moments when Cas truly snaps are fucking glorious. That’s what he keeps hoping for, that someone will blatantly hit on him or touch him or do
Cas just lets his statement hang there, looking at Dean meaningfully. It makes Dean fidget. "What do you mean?" he says, needing to run his mouth when he feels uncomfortable, like he always does.
Not that this is the first time something like this has happened. For someone who generally keeps to himself, Cas always gets a lot of attention when they go out, even if it’s nothing but longing looks from afar. Cas doesn’t seem to notice most of the time, but Dean definitely does. People are just drawn to him. Maybe they can sense that he’s something different, something otherworldly and mysterious and magnificent beyond their comprehension. Dean totally gets it.
Eliminating all distraction used to be necessary when his focus was trained on something as all-consuming as carrying out heaven’s mission. He couldn’t afford to occupy his mind or time with frivolous maintenance or simple pleasures. But his duties nowadays are far less demanding, and he finds himself with more and more idle moments to fill as the weeks go on. There was something appealing about falling into a routine to break up the monotony and create a sense of structure – still adhering to a regimen but one that he chose and one in which he actually finds enjoyment and comfort. A sense of peace he hadn’t known he needed or was missing out on.
printed on the ceramic.
But Dean should know better than to think anything in his life could ever be easy. He realizes the true error of his ways the following morning, lying on his bed and blinking morosely at the ceiling, uncomfortably hard because, well, turns out that little cowboy fantasy wasn’t a fluke after all.
in the kiss Cas presses to his jaw before stepping away.
And Dean’s more than happy just like this, of course, controlling the pace, putting in his best efforts to get Cas off in record time, but he wants more of what he got from Cas when he first walked in here, that unbridled passion, that almost feral spark in his eye that hinted at the best kind of danger. Dean will never complain about how careful and attentive Cas is, but goddamn does he love it when Cas just takes what he wants.
also gets him smiling, the reminder of the important people in his life, everything good he’s got waiting for him when he gets out of here. Yeah, there’s something real nice about that too.
“Got me alone right now,” Dean says slyly, a smirk forming. He’s hoping to coax Cas into action because the low thrum of arousal he’s been ignoring is sparking to life, and the heat in Cas’s words is definitely
His face is still burning as he gets himself cleaned up and crawls back into bed, and he doesn’t know how long he lies there staring at the ceiling, trying to settle his racing mind, but he’s overcome by exhaustion before he can overthink himself into a panic.
Charlie considers him for a few more beats before mercifully intervening. She puts down her coffee mug (a Princess Leia one that Dean totally uses when Charlie isn’t here) and leans forward, bracing her arms on the table and lacing her fingers together. “I’m gonna get real with you, Winchester, so
“Oh,” Castiel says, at a loss for what else he could say, no idea what Dean means by that, no idea if he should be worried.
“You’re tired,” Castiel points out, trying to mask his own disappointment that the evening has drawn to a close. “I’ll go.”
Castiel wants to believe that he’s only trying to give Dean space, but he can’t deny his own cowardice. Dean’s always tense when Castiel’s around, posture rigid, jaw clenched, and Castiel can never stand it for long, makes some excuse or another to go elsewhere, to shut the image out of his mind – the reminder that he was given Dean’s vulnerability, given his
Dean hesitates, a little put out by that – what, Cas doesn’t think he can handle it? – but the insecurity passes pretty quick. Cas is just trying to help, and yeah, given the choice, Dean would rather not talk to that douchebag again.
, growing steadily harder under Castiel’s intent regard, eyes impossibly dark with desire rivaling Castiel’s own.
“Like what?”
Castiel laughs, noting how sure Dean was that they wouldn’t be working. “The campsite then?” Castiel suggests. “On the hiking trail – the last place they were seen. It’s not far.”
in it, enthralled watching Dean unravel, before he’d realized he’d pushed too far.
He’s so close to begging for another, twitching into it as Cas massages the almost imperceptible sting away, when Cas speaks up again. “We should… stop for now.” It’s almost a question, not exactly an insistence on Cas’s part – it sounds more like he’s checking in, making sure that they’re on the same page.
Too soon, Cas pulls away. “Dean,” he says warningly, glancing at the corner of the ceiling and, oh, for fuck’s sake, of
Cas makes a sad, thoughtful noise, and Dean knows he understands, that they’ll save the talk about the more emotional stuff for another day.
Sam looks at Castiel expectantly when he gets back to the car. “That took a while,” he observes, but before Castiel can figure out a response, he adds, “Didn’t hear any gunshots, though.”
makes him nervous. Castiel aches to reach out to him and sooth his worries, but he’s determined to let Dean have his say first, on his own terms.
“Awesome,” Dean slurs, leaning into Cas’s touch, the edges of his vision already going fuzzy with sleep. “That’s awesome.”
Suddenly, a blue-white light in the distance catches his eye, approaching with such speed that it makes Dean gasp, ash and smoke searing his throat, constricting his lungs.
“Don’t feel bad,” Dean says, keeping his tone light. There’s always something endearing and comforting about Cas dealing with these very human struggles. It makes him feel more… present in this life with Dean. More grounded, or something like that. “Happens to the best of us. Emotions just don’t wanna cooperate sometimes.” Dean can cop to some experience in that area.
“I can’t read your mind,” Castiel reminds him, not unkindly. He wishes he could sometimes, relieve Dean of this burden and give him what he needs before he can even ask.
“Morning, Cas,” Dean replies, snuggling closer, ready to lie here for the foreseeable future. It’s a novel indulgence all right, being able to start his day like this – to spend the rest of his
Dean doesn’t need it like this all the time, still likes it when Cas is careful and gentle – and he always is after the fact, no matter what. But there’s something fun about this too, something undeniably exciting, showing Cas that it’s okay to let go, to push him a little harder, that Dean’s
incredibly wise,” Charlie says, eyes twinkling for a moment before they shift into something more serious. “But, I mean, dude, I don’t think I’m going out on a limb here if I say you spent most of your life not being, um—” She looks at him warily, probably trying to figure out how to phrase it so he doesn’t shut down on her. “Not being super okay with… certain parts of yourself, am I right?”
There’s almost an accusatory note to it, but he doesn’t sound angry. Castiel had considered the possibility that he might be, that his affections might not be returned, that Dean might ostensibly reject him for the male vessel he’s taken, although Castiel is relatively convinced about Dean’s
He hums in acknowledgment. It’s not just Dean who’s the picture of calm and contentment. Castiel would almost say he’s knowing peace for the first time – just him and Dean, completely removed from the world. He has reason to suspect it’s the same for Dean. Part of him fears this blissful spell will shatter once they leave this place behind, but that only makes him more determined to treasure it while he can.
“Oh,” Castiel says again, just as lost for words as before, overcome with an entirely different sort of self-satisfaction. Castiel has fewer points of comparison than Dean does, but he knows what they just shared tonight was undoubtedly good. He knows it will be even better next time, too, and every time after that.
can go talk to security. Not sure how much cash it’ll take to make them forget they saw you
Dean would love to say he’s never backed down from a difficult situation, but it looks like this is gonna be the thing that does him in.
Castiel’s never been more certain about his feelings, and yet he hasn’t managed to cross that last hurdle, make that final leap of faith. So here he and Dean are, in separate beds, Castiel looking on in longing, daring to think about how it could be different. The idea of sleep became even more appealing when he thought about doing so beside Dean, waking up beside him. He supposes that, without it, he could always watch over Dean while he slept, but Castiel suspects that it wouldn’t be the same. The way things stand now, though, he’s not likely to find out.
Suddenly Cas is stripping off his wet shirt, and Dean chokes on his own air, nearly tripped by the surf still lapping at his heels.
Because this is it, right here. What he wants, what he gets to have – for the rest of his life, even, if he allows it. And after years of denial and conflict, of grief and separation, he’s finally ready to do that.
– touches him, free of burdens, of sulfur, of the blood of damned souls. He’s drawn in by Cas’s eyes, glowing with an otherworldly power, the shadow of his true form still looming over them, wings spread, curling over Dean’s head. Dean should be petrified; Cas could crush him in an instant with nothing but a thought, but Dean finds only safety here, something he hasn’t felt in a long time.
so of course his hands would wander lower and—
When they’ve gotten back in the car, Dean turns to Cas expectantly. “You okay?”
) but the shadowed rings around his wrists are perfectly visible and oh, what would Sam think if he saw? Dean catches Castiel looking, and it’s the closest they’ve come to acknowledging what happened, and now that they
Dean nearly sobs in gratitude just at the idea of it. He expects it to hit him at once now that he’s permitted, but after holding himself back it takes a moment to readjust, to allow the pressure to build. For a second he’s worried he
He thinks about what it would be like if he gave Dean this kind of affection for real, tempted by the dangerous knowledge that Dean would likely allow it. Maybe is even craving it as much as Castiel is.
Dean buries his face in the soft fabric of Cas’s shirt, breathing his scent, sinking into his comforting warmth. “Really good,” he sighs, looking up at Cas. “I mean, y’know, a little uh. Sore,” he adds with a self-conscious chuckle, cheeks heating up. “But… really good.” He closes his eyes briefly, leaning into it when Cas frames his face between his hands, and tries to hold Cas’s gaze again, tries to drum up the courage to voice the gratitude he couldn’t find words for last night. “I wouldn’t do this with just anyone, you know. Thanks for—” he searches for a way to phrase it, and comes up empty – “not being weird about it.” He takes a deep breath and finds more courage. “Making sure it’s good,” he adds in a mumble under his breath, face burning again.
“Sure,” Dean replies, maintaining eye contact with Castiel. “Just gimme a sec.” When Sam’s footsteps fade away, Dean smiles at him, a spark in his eyes like a secret. “Want some breakfast?”
anywhere he damn well pleases.
Dean blinks, bewildered, before plastering on a smirk. "Oh my god, was that a
“I could have,” Cas admits, aiming for sheepish if Dean had to guess, but Dean detects a poorly-concealed note of pride.
*   *   *
capable of overpowering him, but it was more dangerous too, not always a risk he was willing to take. But Cas is so
But they have it now, Dean thinks as he finally lets the fatigue take over, eyelids drooping and limbs heavy. He’s made damn sure of that.
. It’s humbling, terrifying, thrilling to discover that it would take him apart like this, and that’s okay as long as Castiel is there to put him back together. As if he’d be anywhere else.
“Dude,” Dean says with a laugh. “You should’ve said something. Woulda saved us a lot of trouble.”
It wasn’t a completely tame dream, sure, but this time that stuff took a backseat to everything else. There was more talking and
Cas doesn’t need much more encouragement, steadily picking up the pace until he’s got a real rhythm going, thrusts short but deep, unrelenting. He definitely seems to be enjoying himself, growling in Dean’s ear, mindlessly giving himself over to lust in a way he does too rarely, in Dean’s opinion. He wonders how long Cas was lying there hard and needy, how long his subconscious strung him out before he woke Dean and himself up.
“They’re the same voice, Dean,” Cas says immediately, rolling his eyes. After a beat he sighs again, quieter this time. “I suppose we could have restrained ourselves,” he says thoughtfully.
It takes a few seconds too long for Dean to remember that Cas asked him a question. “Wouldn’t know,” he stutters out eventually, trying to sound smug but missing by a mile. “I get my workout on the job.”
Of course, this is Cas he’s talking about here – he probably sees right through Dean’s bullshit. But ultimately he’s too respectful of Dean’s right to stubborn denial, too careful and wary of setting Dean off, even if he’s clearly acting against his own interests. There’s no limit to how contrary Dean can be if he’s feeling exposed or vulnerable.
,” he admits, finding it easier to mumble it into the pillow, face burning.
Dean sighs and bites his lip as Cas’s slick hands glide over his skin. Showering might not exactly have been a flimsy pretense for sex, but it’s clear that their goal isn’t to actually get clean either. It was just an excuse for this, for their hands and their eyes all over one another, indulging in this almost unbearable intimacy just for its own sake, not as a lead-in to anything more. For the time being.
Dean was already exhausted from the drive and that interaction just put him over the top. He’s absurdly glad to be behind a closed door when they step into their room, one they can lock behind them, sealing themselves away from any judgmental onlookers. Dean goes the extra mile and makes sure the curtains are closed, wary of passersby even at this hour, before he worms his way into Cas’s arms and buries his face against Cas’s neck, inhaling the faint scent of soap, squeezing him tighter. He groans appreciatively, tension starting to melt away, when Cas’s strong fingers start kneading the back of his neck, massaging his scalp, just holding him. It’s hard to know if Cas understands just how intensely this kinda shit shakes Dean up (because, well, Dean refuses to talk about it) but it’s clear he can tell that Dean’s uneasy, lets Dean sag against him without a word. Cas is so damn good to him, always seems to know when Dean needs his comforting touch and reassuring presence the most.
This is his own damn fault. Once he allowed himself the possibility of feeling physically attracted to Cas, that opened up the damn floodgates, and every confusing, inconvenient feeling he’s ever had about Cas just came rushing to the surface.
“Uh, maybe,” he says, trying to disguise how uncomfortable he is – not because of Scott’s advances, really, but because he’s watching the clock, mind racing, knowing Cas is waiting for him,
already.
He drifts off to sleep in Cas’s embrace, already dreaming of tomorrow. In the morning, they’ll get coffee and breakfast at the diner around the corner. He’ll steal bacon from Cas’s plate, flirt outrageously with him just to see him smile, blush and squirm under Cas’s adoring scrutiny when he flirts right back. They’ll pile into the car, music blasting through the open windows, Cas a steady presence beside him, the breeze ruffling his hair. They’ll sneak kisses at a red light, Cas’s hand on Dean’s thigh a tease, a comfort, a promise.
,” Cas repeats with a light snort, turning Dean onto his stomach.
“Oh.” It hadn’t occurred to Dean that Cas might need to call it quits before he does.
Dean flushes but sees no sense in denying it, despite the distinctive urge. “It’s not just me though, right?” he asks quietly, needing that reassurance that Cas is with him in this. He’s already wondering how deep Cas’s
“I don’t
,” Dean slurs, nearly incoherent from just one smack.
Things get a little more complicated one day when they’re putting groceries away, and Dean gets a call from Scott, a guy he’d teamed up with for a hunt a few years back.
This is truly uncharted territory. This isn’t going home with some chick after they’re both a few drinks deep, knowing he’ll be gone tomorrow and she’s not even the type that would care. This is something he has absolutely no frame of reference for, something more fragile and precious and intense than anything else he’s experienced. This is… Cas. It’s Cas.
He’s just not used to the advances being so blatant. Some…
For the first time, it feels like enough. Like he could walk away from everything he’s always known and not feel useless or empty. For once, he envisions himself with something that looks an awful lot like happiness.
Dean leans in and kisses Cas, and what starts as a quick peck gets a bit heated in only a few seconds. Dean instinctively presses close, aligns their bodies head to toe, sighing as Cas’s hands settle on his hips. Yup, he’s definitely not feeling cold anymore.
Dean’s awfully hard considering they haven’t been at this for long. Something about the adrenaline that goes along with the hunt, maybe – or… being hunted, in that particular way, while Castiel watched. He drives Dean to the brink and beyond it ruthlessly quick, efficient,
Yeah, he might really be out of his depth here.
Castiel is achingly hard himself, dizzy with the way Dean arches up against him as they kiss, and in that split second he shifts from feeling content to do this forever to knowing that it’s not nearly enough.
Dean figures maybe he’s had a half an eye on them for years now, but he’d always fallen back on every deep-seated instinct he had and forced himself to bury those thoughts, vehemently told himself he wasn’t imagining how it would feel for Cas to touch him, to
this magnificent creature, and he reverently breathes his full name, eyes stinging, legs weak.
“Yeah, yeah,” he grouses, batting her hand away. “I’ll believe it when I see it.”
There’s warmth and need in each kiss, but like they’ve been doing since they arrived, they’re not rushing past that heady sense of anticipation. Dean’s surprised again, maybe, by the lack of frenzy or fire even when they’re down to their underwear, but he can’t say that he’s bothered by it.
“Didn’t go anywhere,” Castiel says. “Just made coffee.”
“She’s fine. She went to stay with her aunt in Minnesota.”
Any stray thoughts circling Dean’s mind immediately screech to a halt. Cas is… giving him a ring. Just like the one he wears. Almost like— no. He couldn’t be. Could he?
as carefully as he knows how.
When he brings a hand up to stifle the noise, Cas softly implores, “Don’t. I want to hear you,” and Dean obeys without even thinking about, dropping his hand and fisting it in the bedspread, hips twitching off the mattress.
Then he gets roped into a Netflix marathon, and sitting next to Cas on the couch is absolute torture. Dean can’t stop glancing down at how close their thighs are to touching, and he’d be more put out by how much bigger Cas’s look compared to his if he weren’t desperately trying to keep his thoughts PG.
Castiel’s honestly taken aback for a moment, but he quickly recovers. “Of course,” he promises with absolute sincerity. The fact that Dean is trusting him with this, allowing Castiel to ease his burden so he can take better care of himself, puts warmth in Castiel’s chest.
He used to tell himself that an endless string of different partners let him keep things interesting. It was bound to get stale if he stayed with one person, and he couldn’t imagine a worse fate than a boring sex life. But he was so incredibly, absurdly wrong. He and Cas mix things up plenty, for one – turns out that kinda stuff is easier with someone he trusts, and more rewarding – but even if they never did anything other than this, Dean would be more exhilarated, more satisfied than he’s ever been with his more taboo or adventurous hookups.
And it feels infinitely worse when he finally makes it to the kitchen and finds only Sam seated at the table.
Sam’s all business at the moment, too preoccupied to notice the slight stammer in Dean’s voice. “Okay, well, if you guys want to wrap up the interviews, I’m gonna talk to security about the surveillance footage from the night of the attack,” he says. “They’ve already reviewed it, but there wasn’t anything clear. Besides, they don’t know what to look for.”
“Fuck,” Dean says articulately, squirming as Cas palms his ass, “Should I—” he chokes out, “Should I, uh… like, count them?” he mutters, the idea popping into his head and flying out of his mouth before he can stop himself, images springing to mind before he can tamp them down – he’s been doing a bit of research of his own too, likely less academic than Cas’s.
Dean’s stunned into a laugh – what can he say, it’s amusing that Cas, a former warrior of God, can be so petty and vindictive sometimes. And in Dean’s totally unbiased opinion, if having his food thrown away is the worst thing that happens to that jerk today, Dean doesn’t feel too sorry for him. “Sure, buddy,” he says voice still tinged with mirth as he claps a hand on Cas’s shoulder, wonders what the hell he’d do without him. “Knock yourself out.”
. Who fucking
“Good morning.”
“Found some already, huh?” Dean asks, raising his eyebrows. She’s definitely hot, someone he’d call ‘his type,’ not that he’s ever been known for being
as badly as he does. Because mojo or not, Cas is a creature of heaven, that hasn’t changed, and if something so holy can look at someone during an act like this, the way Cas is looking at Dean now, then it can’t be wrong, and fuck anybody who says otherwise. Dean’s done a lot of things in his life that he’s not proud of, but this doesn’t crack the top ten, not even close. Cas was right: this is everything.
“Cas?” he asks, obviously thrown off but staying put, Castiel’s palm still resting between his shoulder blades.
When Dean finally ducks into the tent, Cas’s squire, as discreet as ever, leaves with a nod of Dean’s head.
Dean cuts him off with a kiss.
Dean glances over and Cas looks just as bummed out as he is over the idea of shelling out their hard-earned cash. “We could always go the intimidation route,” he offers, just as the elevator arrives with a ‘ding.’ They step inside and start to descend, silent aside from a low hum. “Might need you to use your scary voice,” Dean adds after a moment.
“Lucky you,” Charlie replies, and Dean really can’t argue with that. “Well, gentlemen, it’s been a pleasure, but I think my work here is done,” she announces after a beat. “I bid you both goodnight.”
act on, even if the thought of it never fails to get him hot and bothered.
Dean had always thought he could never handle not working, but he’s never really been able to try it – not on his own terms. “I might,” Dean says after a stretch of silence, even though he knows Cas isn’t expecting him to reply. He needs to hear himself say it. “Wouldn’t even have considered it before. I guess things are different for me now though.”
“No,” Dean says immediately, louder than intended, and he’s embarrassed by how thoroughly he fails to conceal his emotions. “Just saying. Seems unfair.”
, merely savoring the moment. He curls one hand around the back of Castiel’s neck and urges him to lean in until their lips meet again. It always warms something in Castiel to know that Dean’s secure enough to ask for this intimacy, to take it for himself because he doesn’t fear being denied.
Castiel thinks it’s an empty platitude at first – though still progress, in a way – but Dean surprises him a few minutes later when he’s at the stove in front of a sizzling pan of bacon.
He thinks he hears Cas sigh on the other end. “Yes,” Cas says tightly, “They have been.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean says, exasperated. “But you have to catch up
He glances at Cas in frustration, only to find him smiling serenely. “It doesn’t have to be perfect,” Cas says, infinitely casual, but something about hearing him say that, the underlying sentiment behind it, hits Dean like a ton of bricks.
Dean feels his heartbeat pick up at the way Cas’s voice dips lower, his tone not so light and casual anymore.
Dean strokes Castiel again in almost idle admiration, barely grazing Castiel’s cock with his lips, eyes flicking upward with a playful glint.
act he just pulled. Dean’s not fooled by this sweet and mushy business so soon after Cas literally ordered him into the back seat, too wound up to be polite or even speak in complete sentences.
Dean’s just glad Cas can’t see his face from his vantage point on the bench, because Dean’s sure his cheeks are flaming red as he backs out of the room.
again, memorize and perfect every single thing that brings Dean pleasure, makes him pant and shake and cry out.
“You take this so well.”
Dean’s grateful that he dodged that bullet, that Cas didn’t take his dumb observation as a come on—because he did
“Were those good?”
He considers opening himself up, straddling Cas’s broad torso and sinking down – but while riding Cas’s dick is definitely an appealing idea, it might be more athletic than Dean’s up for, when it’s first thing in the morning and he’s still slow and sleep-hazy. He’s comfortable where he is, likes the feeling of Cas’s thick thighs bracketing his waist. Besides, it doesn’t look like Cas is about to do any of the work right now, the lazy ass. Dean isn’t really complaining.
“Yeah,” Dean says quietly, studying Cas with growing interest. “I can tell.”
It was, and Cas is right to emphasize the healthy part – Sam underlined it three times, the fussy son of a bitch. His lists have gotten more obnoxiously specific since he realized that Dean considered them open to interpretation. (“I don’t care what you heard, Dean, pizza is
Dean tilts his head to let Cas leave a mark on his neck, then reluctantly pushes him back before they get carried away again. They make it back out to the car to head to the next point of interest in their investigation, and Dean has to force himself to get his head back in the game, focus on the task at hand.
He rests a hand on Dean’s thigh, caressing the soft, freckled skin there, listening intently to Dean’s breathy sighs of pleasure as he works his finger steadily back and forth, already adding another and biting back a groan at the intrusion.
Cas gives him a minute to collect himself, rubbing Dean’s back, whispering soothing words that Dean can only partially make out. Dean’s still trying to parse the way he feels right now – sort of floaty, drained but strangely energized, a high that’s not unfamiliar but beyond what he’s experienced so far, beyond what he can even comprehend. Reality starts to trickle back in and
He’s taking the opportunity to admire the bits of Dean that he can see from this vantage point – the soft skin of his throat, his broad freckled shoulders – when he spots a dark red mark right in the curve of his neck.
thing. Plenty of people never even get close.” She snorts and smiles sadly. “Even I still have my moments where I wanna keep things on the down-low.”
Castiel could easily watch him all night, but he knows that Dean would find that ‘creepy’. Then again, Castiel ponders with some amazement, Dean did invite this, welcomed Castiel’s presence and his touch and his watchful gaze – all of it easily lulling Dean into a deep sleep, hardly a twitch or noise of distress. He almost doesn’t move at all except to situate himself more solidly against Castiel’s side.
He wipes his mouth with his hand, unable to tear his eyes away as Cas pours himself some coffee. “What, uh—” Dean cuts himself off, not even sure why he opened his damn mouth, and tries not to blush when Cas looks at him expectantly. “Never mind,” he mumbles, staring into his bowl so he doesn’t stare at anything else.
interested, too in desperate need of such contact that he sometimes can’t handle it when he gets it, won’t allow himself to enjoy it. Especially from Castiel.
Castiel’s leaning against the kitchen counter one morning, gazing out the window, when Dean finally makes an appearance. Castiel’s heart still hammers at the sight of him, sounds even louder in his ears when Dean smiles at him as he saunters over, looking just as smitten as he feels.
“Yeah?” Dean asks. That’s not much in the way of detail, but it’s more than enough for him to go on. He can picture it so easily and
Dean only hesitates for a second before making a decision. “They’ve already got us on film doing worse,” he says casually, leaning in again. He catches sight of Cas’s wicked grin before meeting Dean more than halfway, kissing the breath out of him.
They’ve been doing just fine, as far as he’s concerned, managing by conning their way into some cash whenever the need or the mood strikes. Cas might technically be a third mouth to feed but he’s got a hell of a knack for hustling bar patrons out of a few bucks, so he’s been more than pulling his weight.
Dean gets stuck on that for a second; he’d always assumed that when Cas disappeared for hours on end he was doing something boring, like cataloguing artifacts in the storeroom or digging through the lore archives, but apparently he’s been
the two of you in a place like that?”
, like that,” so Cas doesn’t misinterpret, so he does it
“Hey, Cas,” Dean replies, proud of himself for keeping his words steady, even if he lapses into silence for a few moments. “Listen, I—” Here he hesitates. He can’t remember the last time it felt so hard to talk to Cas, not used to being so
His fantasy is rudely interrupted by a loud chirp on Sam’s phone. Dean eyes him warily as he fishes it out of his pocket and investigates.
Castiel’s reluctant to pull back, but Dean’s light, carefree laugh makes up for the loss. Dean smiles at him, and Castiel couldn’t stop himself from smiling back even if he wanted to.
, he wants it so bad.
It is kind of fun to watch her try so hard to win him over. For a second, he wonders just how desperate she’s going to get. Maybe if he holds out a little longer, she’ll resort to bribery. He could definitely make that work in his favor, maybe get her to do the dishes for a month, or get him that pecan pie from the
Dean glances at the cabin when Cas swings the front door open and steps outside, closing it behind him with an unnerving air of finality.
Cas’s eyes flicker in recognition but he forges on. “I can’t last long after that. The sight alone is enough to push me over the edge. Coming inside of you is the most incredible feeling—driving into you deep, you accepting me, trusting me with your body. It’s indescribable. And you love it,” he whispers, catching Dean’s gaze and holding it, unwavering. “Don’t you.”
“I’m right here,” Cas assures him.
He doesn’t know why he’s particularly affected by Cas right now. Maybe he’s still worked up from last night – or maybe it’s hitting him that with four walls around them and this wing of the building off limits for their investigation, this is the most
Dean just barely keeps himself from snorting. “Yeah, you do,” he fires back, unsure where this boldness is coming from, meeting Cas’s eyes, thrilled by the hunger he sees there.
he thinks dazedly, stifling a moan, toes curling. He can still feel Cas inside him every time he shifts on the bed, found himself deliberately squirming all day, as often as he could get away with.
He fought this for such a long time, and now it sounds so simple when Cas says it like that. He doesn’t know why he’d want to be anywhere either, when he’s got everything he needs right here.
Castiel lets his eyes lazily roam Dean’s body, pleased when the attention seems to make Dean squirm even more. “I have some idea.”
. He reminds himself how good it felt when he was honest with Cas about his feelings, when he finally gave in and held Cas’s hand. Maybe he’s not done stepping outside his comfort zone today after all.
Dean’s a sight, lips spit-slick and swollen – Castiel’s attention is briefly diverted as he considers his response, dragging a thumb along the corner of Dean’s mouth, humming in appreciation when Dean turns his head to let Castiel push inside, press down on Dean’s tongue with the pad of his finger. “No,” he says eventually. “No…” he casts around for the terminology Dean used last night. He suspects he may need it more in the future. “
His vessel doesn’t just have to be a shell or a tool. It’s felt like his for so long now, and he wants to really
Cas smiles softly. “Thank
Cas glances at him slyly. “I might.”
Jesus.
leaves Dean laughing helplessly—probably too loud for the serene surroundings, but he can’t find it in him to care, overcome with a wave of affection as he looks into Cas’s eyes, still grinning.
Dean knows an invitation when he sees one, especially one so unsubtle. He coaxes Cas to lean in closer, hands gripping the lapels of Cas’s jacket as their lips meet. This time neither of them is quick to pull away, indulging in it slow and thorough. Cas’s hand is hot on Dean’s hip and it makes his brain short circuit a little. He didn’t know Cas was so tactile – though he didn’t often offer Cas the opportunity – but Dean’s sure as hell glad that Cas is taking advantage of it now. It makes Dean wonder about all the times Cas has had to hold himself back, and he’s eager to find out what happens when he doesn’t.
“God,” Dean says with an almost hysterical bark of a laugh. “Yeah. It’s so good, Cas.”
to,” Dean says before he can hold himself back, all too aware of how petulant, how desperate he sounds. But it’s a truth he can’t even try to deny now – the first time, he’d been almost too stunned and overwhelmed to even register how much he liked it, but he couldn’t stop thinking about it afterwards. He definitely can’t stop thinking about it now.
“You and me, we’ve always…” he starts shakily, then sighs and collects himself. “There’s always been—something, I dunno. Maybe you didn’t think I saw things that way. Maybe I wanted you to think that,” he pauses, shaking his head. “But it’s not true.”
He knows it’ll be soon enough that they can act on their desires. Besides, it’s not like they’ve never been known to hold themselves back so they can draw out the anticipation. Yeah, the more he thinks about how they want each other, the more he thinks how fun it’ll be to let it build a little more, how good it’ll be once they really give in.
“Wow,” Charlie says, raising her eyebrows. “The guy was getting that aggressive?”
“What was that for?” Dean asks, chuckling self-consciously. It’s amazing that after everything they’ve done, unexpected affection can still catch Dean off-guard, fluster him and make him blush.
, I mean,” he hastens to clarify. “When it’s… personal.”
wanted.
satisfied, but he still breaks out in goosebumps at the sight of Cas trailing his hand along Dean’s bare stomach as they lounge beside each other, feels his heart speed up as Cas’s fingers skim absent-mindedly up his chest. It’s an innocent, soothing gesture – despite what the two of them were doing only moments ago – but Dean’s still a little sex-addled, so easily worked up by Cas’s hands on him, and his thoughts wander helplessly back to
kind of night – the look in Cas’s eyes as he stretches out above Dean is definitely promising – but when he settles his weight, pulls their bodies flush together and dips down for another kiss, Dean realizes neither of them is patient enough for anything more complicated than the simple pleasure of just being together.
gives a shit, at least. He tamps down the rising irritation, clearing his throat. “It could be linked to an ongoing investigation. I’m afraid the details have to stay within the bureau,” he say, falsely good-natured, trying to turn on the charm, though he only earns himself an unimpressed stare for his trouble. “You understand.”
is thinking about it, that he loves the sight of Dean when he’s strung out and breathless, covets it even as he entertains the idea of
Dean laughs again, the tension in his frame easing by another fraction. “
“Yeah, I’ll fill you in on the drive.”
it can be to enjoy the night in peace for once. Because you’re, you know, surrounded by your peers.”
Dean shoots him a look. “I’m not hauling my ass up that mountain again. Haven’t recovered from yesterday.”
Not that that isn’t difficult either. He still finds himself glaring at a deputy who seems entirely too eager to help Dean with their investigation, or being short with the motel clerk who is suspiciously invested in learning Dean’s plans for the evening, despite knowing that none of it is a threat to him or what he has with Dean. Even when it’s someone he knows Dean wouldn’t find especially attractive, it’s still just… irritating.
Dean has a split second of panic – Jesus, how did Cas
Castiel eases his finger out and in again, deeper and deeper, building up a steady rhythm until he hears Dean’s breath quicken, the flush staining his cheeks burning brighter. He adds another finger before Dean can ask – Castiel knows he was about to, already fidgeting restlessly, wanting Castiel to give him more. He takes the added stretch easily, used to having Castiel like this and palpably eager for it, sighing out his pleasure. There was a time when Dean was reluctant to enjoy this; he ultimately couldn’t stop himself from liking it, but he was still hesitant about showing it. It makes Castiel all the more determined to make this good for him.
“All right,” Cas replies, giving Dean a look that goes right through him.
After the silence drags on a beat too long, Castiel clears his throat; the lingering uncertainty in Dean’s eyes, almost entirely buried beneath a myriad of conflicting emotions, is enough to convince him to tread lightly.
the way he used to be.
Cas hums, pressing his lips to the back of Dean’s neck. “You begged for it.”
– taking hold in Dean’s mind, his jaw tight, a crease forming on his forehead.
for wanting to look into Dean’s eyes while they do this, but Castiel’s sure that Dean likes the idea for exactly the same reasons—it might even mean more to him than it does to Castiel.
. Dean’s never really wanted to shout anything from the rooftops before, but he’s starting to get why that’s a thing now.
. “Yeah,” Dean replies, surprised how effortlessly the admission rolls off his tongue. “Especially now that we’re… yeah.”
“What, not springing for the strong stuff anymore?” Dean asks in mock disappointment.
After decades of experience, Dean knows damn well when he’s being flirted with.
Dean lets a few beats of silence pass before smiling at Castiel, something slow and soft that Castiel gets to see far too infrequently. “Yeah,” he says, voice a gentle murmur. “Okay.”
Cas’s mouth quirks up on one side. “I wasn’t too
in a way he’d never been compelled to do before. They’ve only been apart for a short while and he can’t believe how these urges have gnawed at him since the last time they’ve done this, how fiercely he’s been craving Dean in his absence, that he aches for this now that he’s had a taste.
“It’s all right, Dean,” Cas whispers in his ear, his booming voice, capable of shattering glass, reined in for Dean’s benefit, soft and intimate. “You don’t have to be alone anymore,” he says, and Dean lets himself go at last, holds on as tightly as he can as Cas prepares to take flight.
they were in this situation, or close to it – Castiel seated at the foot of the bed, Dean kneeling before him, offering the pleasure of his mouth. As enjoyable as Dean’s efforts were, Castiel still found himself distracted by the motion of Dean’s hand between his own legs, palming himself through his jeans, the faint noises he emitted already rising in urgency. Castiel couldn’t help but think of all the times it was over for Dean before it began, before Castiel could get
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean says as the movie starts, the traces of his blush not yet faded, but with something akin to a knowing smirk on his face. “Knew I could count on you.”
,” he insists, apparently ready for it now.
, it’s a handful of the wet naps Dean’s started keeping in the car.
Compared to the glory of the outdoors, the cabin’s a little worse for wear, but it’s nothing Dean’s not used to. It’s actually pretty nice, all things considered. Dean’s stayed in some
“Okay,” she says, eyes flicking briefly to Cas almost as if she’d forgotten he was there. That says a lot about how bad she’s got it for Dean, considering he’s usually the one feeling invisible while Cas gets all the ladies’ attention. “Well, good luck,” she adds, letting her hand catch Dean’s forearm where it’s resting on the counter and giving it a gentle squeeze. “And hey—” She lowers her voice as if she’s actually being discreet, but she has no idea exactly how much discretion she should be showing right now, exactly who Cas is to Dean. “If you’re still around later, my shift’s over at seven.”
Cas kisses the top of his head, and Dean leans back to find Cas’s eyes, feeling warm all over from the fondness he finds there. “Hey.”
Cas carefully cleans them up, does what he can to salvage the window before giving up so they can help each other look presentable. Cas is usually the disheveled one but Dean’s a
Dean finds himself in a familiar debate, knowing that Cas probably won’t push him if Dean really doesn’t want to get into it, but also knowing that the benefits of talking about it might actually outweigh whatever brief, possibly imagined humiliation he has to endure.
Dean hesitates. There are a thousand ways he could cop out on this, just brush the subject aside and take Cas up on his implied promise of round two. But he’s gotten too far now to squander this opportunity, so he forges ahead even as his heart pounds and his mouth runs dry. “Sometimes—” he attempts, licking his lips. “Sometimes I wonder…”
television program, I’d be happy to listen.”
Secretly, Castiel has been determined to work on that, to ease Dean into awareness in a less jarring way, smooth away one of the many stresses that follow him even in sleep. Now’s as good a time as any to try.
“So is this like our second date?” he blurts out, thinking aloud. He sort of meant it as a joke, but as soon as the words come out of his mouth he realizes that assessment isn’t so far off. That’s the territory they’re in now. Him and Cas, together. Like,
so swollen with arousal, putting that to
“Good night.”
Castiel considers being affronted by the question, as he’s not
Cas deepens the kiss and resituates himself so their cocks brush together, follows the pressure with slow, dirty rolls his of hips until Dean’s dangerously close again.
Cas rises from his chair, letting Dean drink in the way he’s almost poured into his expensive suit, looking immaculate and formidable. Dean feels his pulse ratchet up another notch. Dean barely gets the chance to admire the cut of Cas’s jacket before Cas is shucking it off and draping it over the back of his chair, Dean’s eyes immediately drawn to the way Cas’s biceps pull the fabric of his sleeves taut.
all of a sudden, then leans in to nuzzle along Cas’s stubbled jaw, sucking a mark into the tanned skin of his neck. He strips Cas’s jacket off too and lets his hands caress Cas’s biceps appreciatively, wandering up to his sturdy shoulders and back down his chest, feeling the firm muscle through his shirt. The way this button down fits Cas makes Dean crazy, but he only pauses to admire it for a moment before pulling his tie off and clawing at the buttons, needing to feel Cas properly, to get at the smooth skin still frustratingly hidden underneath his clothes.
It used to make him feel hopeless, because he couldn’t even conceive of an alternative, any avenue towards a different life. No sense dwelling on what he couldn’t change. But over time, this past week in particular, he’s started to think his options might not be so limited.
He smiles, fierce and elated, as cheers erupt from the thickest part of the battlefield. From the outpost he’d been defending with Cas, his comrades are only blurry shapes in the distance, silhouetted by the setting sun, but their joyous cries echo across the moor.
And the part of him that wants to experience those things again flares up every time he sees Cas, threatens to overwhelm whatever’s left of Dean’s common sense and leaves him wondering where they stand. There's a part of him that knows he should try to figure that out, but sweeping the whole thing under the rug is more his style. Much safer.
“Cas,” Dean pulls back to whine, “C’mon, lemme—” He fidgets restlessly, sucking in a breath and remembering his
, Dean will never get tired of being with Cas any damn way he can, but that promise of something a little different is never far from his mind. He wants to… to
"The hell are you—?" He means to sound aggressive, but his words break off into a squeak when Cas reaches for the waistband of his pants and slides them off too.
Dean turns towards the windows – monstrous panels of glass that extend floor to ceiling – and makes a show of innocently inspecting them. “What about over here? Think someone could get in without being a ghost?”
, then Castiel sees no reason to wait anymore.
Pride rushes through Castiel at the compliment, mingling with the simmering heat in his belly, arousal ratcheting even higher. He can tell that it’s difficult for Dean to be so open with him, but he’s trying because he wants to do that for Castiel.
He’s starting to have a hard time controlling himself.
when they’re finally alone, when they can drop the guise of friendly professionalism and go back to being themselves.
Dean could just quit while he’s ahead, shut himself back up before more wayward
. He’s never known anything like this, save for, perhaps, his since-diminished devotion to God and heaven.
, that’s so hot. Instinctively, Dean tries to rear up against it, not really trying to escape, just so he can feel Cas shove him back down again. Dean was already aware that Cas was capable of being forceful, but now he’s wielding that tendency with purpose, knowing it does something for Dean and oh,
His name on Dean’s lips in the midst of passion is a glorious sound he wants to hear so much more of. He can’t stop watching Dean, knowing his face is probably the picture of awestruck reverence, surprised to find something similar in Dean’s expression.
, that definitely wasn’t the right thing to say.
Dean’s stupidly relieved that she’s being so awesome about this. “Yeah,” he says with a faltering smile. “Cool.” He doesn’t really know where he wants to go from here, drinks from his mug and looks at Charlie expectantly.
Dean swallows. “Feels like I am sometimes,” he admits. It sounds melodramatic to his ears, but it’s not a lie. Other people don’t have to deal with this crap at all, and the ones that do seem so much better at soldiering through it than he is. He’d thought he’d be more embarrassed by saying it out loud, by the burning behind his eyes, but with Charlie holding his hand, it doesn’t seem so bad.
He doesn’t know what to say to that, and he thinks back to Cas’s suggestion a few nights back, the first time they shared a bed – it seems like an eternity ago, and he’s struck by how far they’ve come in a couple short days, but he supposes that’s on top of the ten years since they met – and kisses him instead.
It’s so easy, then, to get swept up by a wave of anticipation, reassured by the knowledge that this is something they’ll likely do again. “Awesome,” Dean replies with an almost shy quirk of his lips.
, Dean can’t really say he didn’t expect Cas’s weird amount of professionalism about the whole thing.
Dean doesn’t know how long he’s been waiting to do this – or how long Cas has been waiting, for that matter – but he’s swept up in utter gratification when their lips meet, further satisfied when Cas immediately responds. There’s no uncontrollable spark, no desperation or urgency, but it’s no less thrilling for it. It’s soft and warm, oddly peaceful while still overwhelming Dean with a sense of completion.
He keeps it brief – for now – hands framing Cas’s face when he pulls away, fingers grazing the thick stubble lining his jaw. “Getting a little scruffy there, Cas,” he teases.
if I got involved.” He’s still ashamed of that, but it’s more bearable now that he’s opened up to Charlie about it. Go figure. “But Cas was furious, didn’t give a shit at
“Cas,” Dean breathes, desperate. “Oh,
Cas is silent, face neutral, but Dean can see the mirth shining in his eyes as he reaches into his pocket. Dean tries to get a look at what he has in his hand and –
Dean almost feels bad.
Cas has been borrowing clothes from him and Sam, and Dean doesn’t know where the hell he got
He doesn’t try to push things further, though. It’s not that it doesn’t cross his mind—they are in a bed together, for Christ’s sake. And it’s not that he isn’t very
pretty offended by cops who don’t give a shit about protecting people who need it.”
Dean eyes the façade of the building warily, but he can’t really get a read on it. It could… it could literally be a fucking rave in there – is that still a thing? Do people still call it that? “If I see one glow stick, I’m outta here,” he abruptly announces once they’re out of the car. He didn’t exactly mean to say it out loud like that, but he might as well give them fair warning.
Dean’s expecting it this time, but he still gasps when Cas brings his palm down with another loud smack. “
“Fruit?” Dean asks with exaggerated disgust as Castiel sits back down. “C’mon, man.”
That bolsters Dean’s confidence, that reminder that Cas is just as stupidly into him as he is to Cas, and with one smooth motion he follows Cas’s lead and lets the last garment separating them slip to the floor.
that’s too firm to really be considered polite, hand settling heavily on Dean’s shoulder, steering him away from the counter as if Dean isn’t just as anxious to get out of here as Cas is. Of course, it’s hard for Dean to say no to a little manhandling.
“Okay,” Dean replies. And this time he knows what he’s agreeing to, shuffling closer, lips parting readily as Castiel brings the strawberry to his mouth. Dean’s less careful with it this time, and Castiel’s breath hitches at the distinct scrape of teeth against the pads of his fingers.
for him and oh, oh,
Castiel has grown to enjoy sleep. He finds it restful, even if he doesn’t truly need it to restore energy, his grace more than capable of filling that role on its own. Of course, for all that sleeping is strictly voluntary on Castiel’s part, mornings still seem infinitely disagreeable. He's not an early riser, by any means, but he found himself stirring at the break of dawn today, woken by birds chirping in the pale sunshine – and maybe it was just that that roused him from sleep, the noise and the light streaming through the window, but maybe it was something else entirely. Maybe he has other things on his mind that render deep sleep a mere fantasy.
“Oh?” Castiel asks, trace of a mischievous smile forming on his face. “You mean this kinda stuff?” he asks casually, hand sliding from Dean’s waist to his backside and giving it a firm squeeze.
“Well,” Dean hesitates, but he can’t deny it. “I guess he really just asked for me.” Cas only sighs, expression unreadable, and Dean’s quick to cut in again. “But you’re gonna come too, right?” Dean can tell that Cas wouldn’t be too happy about him going alone, but he’s way too respectful to insist on tagging along.
He’s almost completely spaced out when Cas steps away to rinse off, and his breath hitches when Cas turns to face him, fingers grazing Dean’s elbow, drawing him in again and kissing him. His hands move to frame Dean’s face as they get more into it, and Dean instinctively reaches out to wind his fingers in Cas’s shirt, as he’s found himself doing often these past few days, but he finds only bare skin, reverently runs his hands up Cas’s back instead. They make out lazily until Dean’s somehow more worked up and more relaxed all at once, and the scant amount of hot water they started with begins to run out, Dean breaking out in goosebumps.
Cas just smiles at him, still stroking his hair. “You told me that last night.”
Castiel breaks away to take a breath, to press his lips to Dean’s flushed cheeks. “Are you close?” he asks, murmured against his stubbled jaw, pulse pounding beneath Castiel’s lips. He already knows the answer – he can discern that quite easily now, read the restless twitch of Dean’s muscles, the particular pitch and cadence when he cries out. He might not quite be able to make it over the edge without further stimulation, but it wouldn’t take much, and isn’t that a heady thought, that this is enough to get him almost all the way there. Maybe at another time or in different circumstances, Dean could reach orgasm from this alone.
, for Christ’s sake.
It’s simple,
Charlie replies.
They snag a booth tucked into a relatively private corner of the bar. Dean eagerly follows Cas onto one bench seat, squeezing in tighter than necessary. Why should he be farther away from Cas if he doesn’t have to be? Dean can’t help but be drawn in by his body heat, a knowing but almost shy smile on his face, squirming with the way Cas looks at him in return, eyes dark with unabashed desire. Dean knows he’s noticeably flushed – though he could just blame it on the alcohol – but he doesn’t find himself minding as much as he usually would. It occurs to him that they’re being so damn
“Yes,” Cas agrees, and he doesn’t look particularly guilty about it, “But if you have any insight about the significance of that
me, by the way. Sometimes that just happens – I bruise like a peach, you know,” he says cheekily, and he’d wink here, but, well, Cas is still who knows where and can’t actually see him. “And if it
Dean knew from the jump that bringing Cas along on a job with one of Dean’s, uh… former flames was risky, but clearly that hadn’t been enough to stop him. He kept expecting his terrible decision-making to bite him in the ass, and looking back on it now, it’s even clearer that things could’ve turned out bad.
He flexes his aching fingers, looking away from his latest victim, sick with shame.
“Should we interview the next of kin today?” Castiel asks as Dean reaches for the pot and fills his mug.
Castiel recognizes the hope in Dean’s question, the fear, the false bravado. The offer for Castiel to
“Oh,” Castiel says quietly. He runs his hand up and down Dean’s arm soothingly, cringing inside at the thought that he might’ve hurt Dean.
Dean presses his lips together, feeling his blush flare up again, struggles to say it out loud, like always.
Cas just palms his cheek and stares, makes Dean squirm in a way that isn’t unpleasant at all, heat pooling in his stomach. “C’mon, Cas,” he eventually pleads, “Am I doing this by myself here? Tell—tell me what you think about this.”
a loaded train of thought he can’t really indulge right now.
. Don’t beat yourself up over that, Dean, it’s totally okay to be upset by it. Just about everybody goes through this. You are so not alone here.”
,” Dean sighs, totally breathy and embarrassing, and arches back into him until Cas
Last night must’ve really taken it out of him if Cas is up before him. “Not yet,” he mumbles, too sleepy for any kind of verbal filter, tightening his arm around Cas’s middle and pressing his nose to Cas’s ribs, trying to burrow closer.
“Shouldn’t you be working?” Cas drawls, not even glancing in Dean’s direction.
“No that’s—good, sounds good.” Dean probably doesn’t have the focus for any extra demands tonight, already struggling to form sentences before anything has even happened, cock growing harder against Cas’s thigh.
He can’t help but think that a few days ago, Dean would have completely dismissed the question, if Castiel would have actually managed to ask it in the first place. Dean reaches for the discarded panties and Castiel doesn’t fail to notice the tentatively fond way he handles the delicate fabric. Castiel’s touched and
, nosing at Dean’s neck, leaving a trail of kisses there when Dean tilts his head back to give him better access, the touch of his lips so gentle compared to the increasingly insistent way he’s grinding against Dean.
“Shit,” he says, instinctively reaching out to steady himself, hand curling around Cas’s arm and—
anything, the bastard, just grazing Dean’s neck with a light touch. “I just want to get my mouth on you, scrape my teeth against your throat the way you like. Find a spot with my lips and give it some attention, leave a mark for you. One we can both look at later.”
he’s so close to tipping over the edge – Dean knows that without a doubt, has seen it countless times, the way his breath hitches, his brow furrowed. Christ, he’s gorgeous.
Today’s one of those days. They sneak off to the motel room in the middle of working a case with Sam, and Cas gets them both undressed in record time, flopping onto the bed and pulling Dean down to straddle him. He stays flat on his back as they grind against each other, movements sloppy and urgent, but his hands are everywhere, pinching a nipple, sweeping along Dean’s thighs, up his back and back down again. They keep wandering to Dean’s ass and resting there almost possessively, grip uncompromising as he guides Dean’s near-frantic rocking motions into a deliberate rhythm.
Cas quirks an eyebrow at him, tearing one of the packets open. “Recent events led me to believe that we might need them at an… unexpected moment,” he says airily because, well, he’s right.
“I did ask for a king,” Dean confirms, voice wavering, heartbeat picking up speed. He’s embarrassed at how difficult it was to even manage that much, and he’s sure he didn’t come off nearly as defiant as he’d hoped, averting his eyes when he’d meant to level the guy with a withering glare. He’s caught off-guard – usually people just let their unwelcoming body language do the talking, they don’t actually
Another moment passes before Cas asks, “Do you want to know what I like about it?”
“Yeah,” Dean says with a dreamy sigh, immediately wrapping all four limbs around Castiel when he joins him on the bed. “He’s gonna totally rock my world, too.”
“Dean?”
“I’m glad,” Cas returns, heavy with sincerity, the traces of tension that were stiffening his shoulders easing as well.
This is a novel indulgence for Dean – waking up at his own leisure, cozy under clean sheets, molded into a cushy, overpriced mattress, not wearing a single stitch of clothing. It’s an almost
Jones is a middle-aged guy with a heavy brow and dark eyes, tall and fit for a guy in his forties, especially for someone living in a town that must not see a lot of action – ex-military, if Dean had to guess. He’s also got an exaggerated sense of self-importance and chip on his shoulder that can be seen from space.
Dean’s got honest-to-god goosebumps.
“Hell yeah it is. We—” He takes a deep breath. “We’re gonna spend the rest of our lives together.” And even Dean can’t deny that he kinda already knew that, that a ring and a damn cake shouldn’t matter. But it turns out Dean’s a sucker for the symbolism, for the visible declaration of commitment, all those sappy romantic things he told himself – and everyone else – that he didn’t want, because who the hell knew he’d actually get to have them?
“Do you ever think about it? Leaving… the life?” Cas asks, quickly picking up on what Dean’s not explicitly saying.
it’s going to happen – and, on a different level,
get married, legally. The paperwork alone could be… problematic.”
Dean makes a mental note that Cas doesn’t seem to be as keen on having a drink as he let on earlier, but he lets it slide.
“Love your hands,” he blurts out, breaking their comfortable science. Even that confession makes his face heat up, and he doesn’t quite look at Cas when he says it, just laces their fingers together and admires the sight of Cas’s tanned skin next to his.
Castiel won’t let him bear that burden alone; they’re both responsible, too caught up in their own doubts and insecurities. Part of him laments the wasted years, but maybe they weren’t wasted at all – maybe everything happened exactly the way it needed to in order to get them here. It took some time, but they made it. That’s what matters.
– especially with Dean, especially at a moment like this one, when they’re usually all loose limbs and easy smiles, miles of Dean’s skin pressed up against his, bare for his gentle caresses.
Dean’s palms are sweaty when he reaches the bathroom door and pulls it open. He steps inside and finds Cas there, alone, smiling wickedly at Dean as he leans against the sink, arms crossed. Dean hears the door lock behind him, courtesy of Cas pulling out the mojo, no doubt, and Dean can’t even pretend that those casual displays of power don’t turn him on.
tonight, and he doesn’t need this surge of emotion on top of it, feeling the lump forming anew in his throat, shaking his head, closing his eyes.
They break apart and all Dean can think about is how he doesn’t want this to end, how this isn’t nearly enough. “You crashing here?” he asks hastily, hands still fisted in Cas’s coat. “I mean, I know you don’t sleep, but…”
the thought of them being taken away. If that couldn’t be something he gets to have then he at least wanted to enjoy the idea, the
And yeah, that’s Dean’s issue sometimes, differentiating between what he wants,
“What?” he asks, turning to Cas with a grin. “Too much?”
. Whether or not he’s sure he can do as Castiel asks, he’s clearly determined to try.
Charlie grins at him. “Maybe that was my plan all along.”
He looks – well, Castiel isn’t sure. Dean’s inscrutable at the best of times, and Castiel’s lexicon for this part of their relationship hasn’t reached its full potential, still leaves him floundering on occasion.
That thought only consoles him very briefly, because by the time the three of them have piled into Charlie’s car, Dean’s started to psych himself out all over again. What kind of place even is this? It’s starting to hit him how limited the scope of experience is with this type of thing, just how small his comfort zone’s been this whole time. For all he knows, he could be walking into some insane, “trendy” nightclub shit that even he can admit he’s too old for. Loud music’s great when it’s actually
If he spends another hour lying in bed – trying to push obscene images from his mind, willing his body to behave itself so he can leave his room without scandalizing anyone, praying he doesn’t run into Cas – then, well. No one has to know.
For a brief, sinking moment, Dean thinks he must have been dreaming after all. Of course this was too good to be true. But this—
Cas are in agreement, then he’s totally fucked.
Just catching sight of the scenery on the drive up to the cabin, half-hidden in the trees beside a secluded lake in the Rockies, Dean was already blown away. He could hardly take his eyes off of the mountains looming in the distance, all kinds of well-deserved hyperbole sprung to mind: pristine, majestic,
“Aww, come on,” Dean drawls, pasting on a flirtatious smirk. “You wouldn’t do that to me, would you?”
They both choose the same moment to gradually pull away, although Castiel would be content to stay like that for quite a long time, feeling their hearts beating in sync. He suspects that Dean feels the same.
He’s almost startled to see their waitress there, leaning in to top off their coffee. The words are innocuous enough, but the gleam in her eyes when she glances at Dean tells an entirely different story. Dean freezes at first, not expecting the compliment, but even after he recovers he’s earnestly clueless about how to respond, especially with Cas sitting right there. Before he can even attempt a reply, she’s called away by another customer, face falling when their interaction is cut short.
Cas’s jaw stays clenched, eyes resolutely avoiding Dean’s, and it’s enough to make Dean worry, just a little, that this isn’t as…
Again Dean hesitates, and Castiel can see an internal struggle that he recognizes. Dean’s trying to figure out how much he’s willing to say and how he wants to say it. He feels more comfortable, sometimes, if he leaves room for Castiel to infer instead of voicing things more directly in a way he can’t take back. Normally, Castiel’s happy to meet him halfway – more than halfway, if he can – but Castiel’s not about to guess here. This feels precarious; he needs more from Dean.
? Being in bed with Cas is a scenario Dean associates with – well, sex, sure – but also
“Okay,” Cas says, already up again and puttering around, opening drawers. “Pepperoni?”
Dean always got carried away with this so easily, and while Castiel did
He hovers in the doorway for a minute, watching quietly as Cas tends to his horse, so engrossed by the sight that he nearly jumps at the sudden sound of Cas’s voice.
,” he prompts, words pitched low and smooth the way he’s learned – to Dean’s chagrin and delight – never fails to drive Dean crazy. “Would you take your clothes off?” he suggests, hardly giving Dean a chance to answer, and it’s difficult to tell if Cas is being a little shit or if he’s genuinely curious.
He’s going crazy just wondering
Dean swallows, because he really doesn’t need Cas displaying his strength
Dean’s willing to bet that if this
“Watching my back?” he asks slyly, huffing out a laugh.
“Yeah,” Dean soldiers on, “And, um. Well she—like. It wasn’t just that, we um—after I… put ‘em on, she…” Maybe this is harder than he thought it would be. “Listen,” he says, changing tack. “You remember the, uh… the
that he loses his cool. But this sets Dean on fire in another way, knowing that Cas is mindful of the power he contains, exerting it in a deliberate way that’s meant to drive Dean crazy, exhibiting
This is still Cas, of course, so it’s not like he’s completely inconsiderate about it, or anything, just rough and demanding exactly the way Dean likes it. Maybe he doesn’t check in with Dean as often as he usually does, but that might have something to do with how obviously Dean is enjoying it. Dean knows his cheeks are flushed, eyes probably glassy as he stares up at Cas, opens his mouth wider for Cas to take how he pleases.
“You call that riding?” Dean scoffs, fighting back a smile.  “Looked a little sloppy to me.”
“Dean?”
be a problem – but it’s enough of a jolt to get his attention.
Cas comes to his rescue of course, cupping Dean’s cheek, looking at him intently. “Do you want to do more of that? Like we did tonight?”
Dean bristles at the words. He knew Cas would try to revisit that whole thing, but this time he’s still clear-headed enough to protest, wound up and looking for a fight, because that’s so—that’s too much, he doesn’t deserve the admiration in Cas’s voice.
Dean could conk out just standing here in Cas’s embrace, but it’d be even better in a bed, so he pulls away from Cas long enough to strip down and collapse onto the mattress. Cas joins him and actually manages to get them under the blankets, sidling up close with a kiss to his throat, stroking a hand over his stomach and up his chest. It’s affectionate and soothing, not meant to entice or work him up, but that could easily change, if Dean weren’t so damn tired. He rolls over, relieved when Cas doesn’t interpret it as rejection, just slots in behind him like Dean had hoped. Dean pulls Cas’s arm around him more securely, lacing their fingers together, and tries to let the knot in his chest loosen, to let the bitterness that’s lodged itself deep slowly ebb away. It’s not that hard, under the covers with Cas curled up behind him, pressing a kiss to his hair, to cling to that feeling of safety and drift off.
as Cas’s lips meet his throat. Cas hums in response before he’s suddenly gone, off and pouring himself a cup of coffee like nothing happened.
There are plenty of things that Dean could have predicted he’d be into, but there are some things that never would have occurred to him. One day they’re crowded around the table in a motel kitchenette, treating themselves to some pie from the diner down the block, and Dean’s already very aware that he likes the taste of Cas’s fingers in his mouth, but it’s even better when they’re sticky with apples and sugar, pressing down on Dean’s tongue. Dean’s glad their bed is only a few feet away, because one thing leads to another
Dean blushes when they lock eyes again, Castiel quirking one brow. “Uh,” Dean says sheepishly, avoiding his gaze. “Sorry.”
wants, and what he feels like he simply has to do – to stop the world from falling apart, to keep up appearances, because his dad told him to. It’s a long, well-worn list of roles he needs to play, duties to take on, burdens to bear. But lately he’s been learning how to be himself, how to put his needs first. He’s got Cas to thank for a lot of that.
Dean saunters over to him, a glint in his eye. “Well, if you wanna take pictures so bad,” he says, lowering his voice to an intimate murmur, “Maybe we can do that when we get back to the cabin.”
“If you don’t think I need to try so hard,” Castiel says carefully, “Then… I won’t.”
“Do I need to—”
“It’s—” His breath hitches.  “It’s… a lot.”
That kind of praise from Cas is nothing new at this point – or it shouldn’t be, at least, but it still makes Dean tingle with a mix of exhilaration and embarrassment, a heady combination that makes him want to shy away.
There’s a lot to love about Cas, in Dean’s opinion – his thoughtfulness, his patience, his unwavering devotion, and that’s not even to mention the endless list of Cas’s physical virtues. Dean’s lost track of how many times he’s felt his heart skip a beat when Cas smiles at him, how often he’s been abruptly distracted by the flex of Cas’s bicep or the stubble lining his jaw. Mostly, Dean finds himself drooling over things that he kind of already knew did it for him, only now they’re doing a hell of a lot more for him because it’s
“Well, I
Dean and Cas are up to their asses in lore, suffering through fruitless research trying to remotely help Sam and Jody with a case that, as it turns out, might not even be a case at all. It’s only been a few days, but Dean feels like they’ve been banging their heads against the wall for a century by now, and even Cas looks like he’s reaching his limit – eventually he runs out of “interesting” tidbits to share with Dean, and it’s a welcome surprise when he’s the one to suggest that they take a break and get out of the bunker for a little while. Dean would literally leap at the opportunity blow off some steam if he weren’t damn near fused to the chair at this point, cramped into an awkward hunch.
As good as this feels, he’s still kinda nervous. He tries to keep that under wraps, to only let his eagerness show so he doesn’t freak Cas out. Cas takes this kinda thing so seriously, almost
“How dare you,” Dean fires back, his attempt at righteous indignation undercut by the way he yawns and cuddles closer to Cas, his eyelids drooping. He’s got a whole rant lined up –
come back to you,” Cas repeats.
Dean lets himself be drawn in for a kiss, too gone on Cas to be squeamish about where his mouth’s been. Cas cradles his face carefully, holding his gaze, voice a gentle murmur. “I was thinking exactly the same thing.”
“Okay,” Dean repeats inanely, huffing out a laugh but quickly sobering because yeah, this… this is a thing that’s about to happen.
Dean’s obviously well aware that Cas is powerful beyond imagination, but he’s not used to seeing physical evidence of it. He’s strong as hell, not just because of his angelic abilities, but because of the work he’s put in, looking like something straight out of Dean’s fantasies, looking like – goddammit –
“That’s it, Dean,” Cas says, encouraging Dean’s movements with a confident touch, cock hard against Dean’s thigh. “Take what you need.”
He can do that again. He can make his own luck. It’s not like he doesn’t know how to get attention if he wants it; he’s been practicing that art for decades at this point in this life. Why should he let all that talent go to waste and wait for attention to come to him?
“Do you think you can stay still this time?”
That’s all he’s wanted for such a long time.
right now. They spend a few moments straightening ties, tucking in shirts, exchanging sheepish but giddy smiles, almost shy, surprisingly, considering what they were just doing.
without bursting into laughter. “A little too textbook, if you ask me,” Dean replies indifferently.
, show Cas just what Dean feels for him in this moment, make him feel good, give him anything he could possibly ask for.
Castiel hasn’t forgotten what a rare sight this is, Dean looking so peaceful and contemplative, gazing out over the lake. He must feel pressure to fill the empty spaces with chatter, sometimes, either for his own sake or for others. But maybe he’s started to realize that Castiel doesn’t need that from him, that just being here is enough.
him too, obviously pleased with the sight of Dean writhing beneath him. The fierce resolve is written all over his face, his unflinching desire to see Dean through this, to do it right, give Dean absolutely everything he has to offer.
, that was all bullshit, okay?”
.” Castiel squeezes Dean’s hand, notes the way that Dean’s eyes are shining. “We fit together.”
Dean suspects that, although Cas is hardly opposed to the idea, he’s more or less indulging Dean at this point. But he still gets into it, lets Dean know that he’s desired, murmurs a stream of praise and compliments that Dean soaks up eagerly, Cas hot in his mouth, Cas’s hands wound in his hair, feeling a renewed sense of fulfillment when Cas finally spills onto his tongue.
It’s not unusual for Cas to not be around, really. Dean’s not totally sure what made him ask this time, but he feels his vague distress solidifying into a rock in his stomach.
It’s hard not to, though, with Cas’s hand traveling up the back of his leg, desire settling hot in Dean’s gut, his heart pounding. Cas fucked him so good that he can slide three fingers inside easily, and, oh god, they’re fucking incredible as always, long and thick and curling just right. Dean’s rapidly passing the limit of pleasure into overstimulation, but he just rides that high, relies on Cas to see him through. He closes his eyes and lets himself enjoy it for now, still struggling not to move too much, helpless to stop his hips from lifting off the bed to meet Cas’s fingers.
But Dean’s already nearly insane with anticipation, just from this, and he needs Cas to give him what they both want. “Like this,” he repeats, insistent. “I can take it, I’m still—” he breaks off, not quite able to say it, cheeks getting warm. “I’ll be fine,” he says instead, pushing aside his embarrassment and focusing on some very recent, very
something but not burning out in the process. Striking a balance. This will be the second leg of their trip after clearing out a nest of vamps in New Mexico, en route to check out a possible haunting in West Virginia. The car needs gas and Cas needs coffee, so they decide to make a quick pit stop before they hit the interstate.
According to the police report, company president Ron Chapman was accosted by a mysterious pale figure that ‘suddenly materialized’ in his office at approximately 2:30 A.M. The ‘ghost’ said something to Ron that he couldn’t understand, hurled a bronze paperweight at his head – yep, there it is, beneath an impressive dent in the wall – and when that missed he made a run for it. The ‘ghost’ only chased him a few yards down the hall before it seemed to give up but Ron kept right on going and hasn’t been back to work since. He’s taken an ‘indefinite’ leave of absence, so, whatever he saw, he’s clearly spooked.
, for god’s sake) but there wasn’t any truth to it then. It was always easy enough to splutter indignantly and play up the disgust over how totally off-base people’s perceptions were. But it’s different with Cas. People aren’t jumping to an incorrect conclusion, they’re seeing something real, something he spent a long time hiding and lying to himself about. And even if this part of his life has turned into something way more important and positive than just a shameful secret, he doesn’t exactly want it scrutinized by strangers.
gets him. He voices his desires and Cas makes them a reality, oh
It’s almost unfair of his subconscious to show him that at all, to put those impossible ideas in his head. He wouldn’t even know where to begin going about this, even if he did think he had a shot. There might’ve been a time when he thought Cas felt a certain way about him, but now that they’ve crossed that line, well, Dean knows better.
Dean seems to contemplate Castiel’s somewhat undecisive response. “I can, uh,” he says, trailing off, but Castiel can tell by the blush on his face and his vague, nearly incomprehensible hand gesturing what he’s implying. “If you want.”
Cas doesn’t take it easy on him, drives into him hard and unrelenting with a hand fisted in his hair. Dean keeps goading him for more, reaching behind himself to slip his hand under Cas’s kilt and feel his thighs flex, encouraging his rhythm.
. Cas lets out this indulgent, satisfied hum, that smug little shit, but Dean’s toes curl at the deep rumble of it, Cas’s hands finding purchase against Dean’s back, bringing them closer, bodies pressed flush together.
in it, the way the right words can make Dean squirm even more than the touch of his own hand. He schools his face back into a faint smile when he sees the effect he’s having on Dean, tilting his head thoughtfully. “Do you want to see?” he rumbles. “Do you want to watch me too?”
Dean raises an eyebrow at him. “Thought you said Sam was getting antsy?”
, Dean.”
. There’s so much for him to take in, so much for him to do. He wants everything and hardly knows where to start.
“Um.” Dean stares at him for a second, licks his lips. “Okay.”
*   *   *
“Well…” Cas considers, eyes boring into Dean’s, “Yes.”
on him, Dean can’t stop thinking about Cas’s scruff scratching up his neck and scraping along his inner thighs, is mesmerized by Cas’s long, thick fingers, perfect for stretching him open, for digging bruises into his hips.
He turns away again, feeling victorious over Cas's lack of response, but it doesn't last.
for it, has Castiel’s movements going erratic as he teeters on the brink of orgasm. Dean’s breath catches when Castiel tips over the edge, burying his face against Dean’s neck, muffling his moans as the tension building in his stomach finally bubbles over. He slows to savor the slick heat of Dean’s body as he pulses inside him, pleasure racking him in waves, rocking forward until the last feeble twitch, until it gets to be too much and he has to withdraw, immediately missing that intimacy and connection.
“I guess,” Dean mumbles, feeling warm from the fond look Cas is giving him. “I mean, the dreams probably helped.” He lets out a self-deprecating chuckle. “Can’t believe you saw all that though. Christ, that’s embarrassing.”
*   *   *
, and normally he might’ve greeted Cas with a clap on the shoulder, even initiated a hug if he was feeling bold, but now…
Castiel briefly worries about catching Dean off-guard, but he only laughs fondly when Castiel presses against him. “Morning,” he says. “I’m making omelets.”
Dean’s eyes surreptitiously dart towards the fireplace, and Castiel wonders if Dean’s picturing it as vividly as he is, the two of them together, the warmth and low lighting encouraging an ambiance that’s undoubtedly
intent on setting the record straight, indignant that anyone would dare try anything.
Dean’s pleased with himself when Cas leans in to kiss him again, but the press of his lips is just as fleeting as before. Cas leaves another kiss on his jaw, his cheek, his temple, shifting up to murmur in Dean’s ear. “But sometimes I get impatient.” He noses along Dean’s hairline, breath hot on Dean’s neck. Dean starts to sweat. “I want to undress you right away, want to
“Okay,” Cas says, sighing sleepily, heartbeat steady beneath Dean’s cheek. “Then we can stay here a little while longer.”
It used to be a novelty for Dean to wake up feeling so warm and content, such a rare occurrence that he could easily count the number of instances on one hand. But this is his normal every day now, blinking into awareness with his face tucked against Cas’s neck, Cas’s arm loosely encircling his waist, utterly at peace. He’s loathe to move at all, but he adjusts his position only so his head’s resting more comfortably on Cas’s chest. He’d be perfectly happy to stay just like this for at least another hour, no desire or requirement to face the day just yet, but he only has a moment to enjoy the steady rise and fall of Cas’s breathing before he wakes too.
“Tell me.”
to do it right now, but he’s still very much held in place and perfectly happy about it, savoring Cas’s weight bearing down against him, his tongue sliding against Dean’s teeth nipping at Dean’s lower lip. Dean eagerly fumbles to get Cas’s pants undone, a heady sense of victory washing over him when he finally manages it. Dean savors the sound of Cas muffling a groan against his neck, cock huge and hard in Dean’s hand. He revels in the mess when Cas tips over the edge from the desperate stroke of Dean’s fingers, mouth leaving a mark on Dean’s exposed throat, grip tight on Dean’s hip.
“Probably right about that,” Dean admits, still smiling faintly. “Fuckin’ starving though.”
. “’Sides, he turned up eventually.”
“Yeah, I did,” Dean says, something tender in his expression that has Castiel’s heart rate picking back up. “I—”
, yeah, Dean wants that too.
instead of working.
is reasonably certain that Cas has absolutely nothing on underneath. Dean prays his own state of dress leaves a little more to the imagination, because he really doesn’t need Cas to see what that dream did to him, see how being caught in the kitchen like this isn’t stifling his lingering arousal in the slightest.
Alcohol may not bring out the best in a person, but with the way the guy at the next table starts carrying on, Dean’s willing to bet it’s more than just the booze talking. He doesn’t even sound all that drunk, just naturally insufferable as he holds court with a group of coeds old enough to drink but young enough that Dean would’ve thought they’d be more open-minded. If it were some stuffy old geezer Dean might expect a rant about sinners and
Dean watches with interest as Cas strips down to his underwear and sits down at the foot of the bed. God, he looks good – the expanse of tan muscle revealed to Dean’s greedy eyes, the self-assured set of his shoulders, the expectant but patient arch of his eyebrow. Dean tosses his own shirts on the floor, tries not to trip over his jeans and boxers as he steps out of them, leaving himself bare for Cas’s perusal, meeting his gaze a bit awkwardly, trying to figure out the best way to
“Nothing to worry about there,” he teases. “I already told you, you’ve totally ruined me for anyone else,” he says, smirking lazily at Cas.
“All right,” Castiel says. “I’ll stay.”
Even after they’re clean and put-together again, Dean spends a few long minutes just kissing Cas, body singing, heart and mind racing, wanting to show his gratitude to Cas, or something, because he’s so damn good to Dean. They part long enough for Dean to catch Cas’s eye. He looks sheepish, but only very slightly.
Dean feels his stomach give a sickening lurch, a blush burning his cheeks.
This time, when Dean snuggles up against him, Castiel can hold him close like he’s always wanted, run a hand up and down his back the way he already knows Dean enjoys.
It’s perfect just like this, lush and indulgent and strangely comfortable for how new it is. Cas’s lips against his, gentle but confident, with an enthusiasm that only makes Dean more eager, puts the proverbial butterflies in his stomach, stirs up a slow heat within him.
, and he nudges his hips against Cas’s, breaks away with a gasp when Cas instinctively does the same, sending a jolt of arousal to the pit of Dean’s stomach.
ask, in the sense that Cas will be open to whatever he suggests, willing to try just about anything, but Dean actually being able to get the words out is another matter entirely.
“Seriously?” Dean asks. Castiel thought he might be put off by sleeping so late, unused to the indulgence, but he seems almost exhilarated by it. Castiel’s breath catches in his throat when Dean smiles at him, still blinking the drowsiness away. “God,” Dean adds with a huff of a laugh, “I never sleep like that.” When he locks eyes with Castiel, he seems to realize what he’s saying, the implication of why he rested so well, and while he does look at bit embarrassed, Castiel’s glad to see that he isn’t cowed by it, doesn’t play it off or dismiss it.
As wary as Dean still is – he knows all too well just how stubborn certain old habits can be – he
He’s aiming for flippant and cocky, as he so often is, but it’s easy for Castiel to tell how Dean’s simmering with arousal at the idea of it. Castiel’s in a similar state, now that he’s imagining it, granted permission to indulge.
Dean grins, playfully bumping his shoulder against Cas’s. “Knew you were holding out on me.” He veers off course to get a closer look. “Are they poisonous?” he asks, not sure if he’s intrigued or nervous about the idea. “They look poisonous.”
He’s only just started the coffee maker when he hears Dean shuffle into the kitchen behind him. He still looks half-awake, standing stock still, face set in sort of disoriented, unreadable stare, and for a moment Castiel wonders if Dean will feel differently about things between them, will retreat into his protective layer of sarcasm and gruff dismissal now that things have changed too much for him to handle. Castiel did prepare himself for the possibility, based on prior experience, but the idea of it stings all the same.
“Right. Yeah.” Dean doesn’t even know what he’s saying, really. He’d hoped that maybe it was all in his head, that the ‘situation’ between them was born from nothing but his own paranoia and insecurities but nope, now he’s gotten himself confirmation otherwise. “But, y’know, uh, maybe we can just move past it and—”
Castiel doesn’t dignify that comment with a response, just closes his eyes and buries his face further in Dean’s neck, leans against him more heavily.
denied you?” The words slipped out before Castiel could think them through, and he was almost taken aback by his own statement, but he dared to let it hang there and see what Dean would do.
how he’s going to get Dean ready to take him like this. Cas is gonna make this so good for him, take this on just because Dean asked for it. The whole
, until he begs for mercy. That new fantasy, the still-overwhelming images of the night before, are more than enough to get him off, spilling onto his stomach and up his chest with a strangled cry, hips twitching restlessly. Dean closes his eyes for a few moments and lets his breathing even out, shuddering in the aftermath.
fun? The familiar thrill is still there, even though the context is new, and Dean knows immediately that that brief taste of it wasn’t nearly enough.
Castiel’s poised to add a third finger, and Dean murmurs encouragement before Castiel even has the chance to check in. He knows it must be a tighter stretch now, but Dean seems to revel in it, pulling Castiel into a kiss, only to break away with a groan when Castiel quickens his ministrations.
And yeah, he doesn’t really want to spend a whole day of alone time with Cas doing chores and suffering through research. “I wanna lay around and watch TV,” he admits after a beat. “With you.” He slept like a rock but he still feels like he could use a nap, or at least an excuse to curl up with Cas for a while.
*   *   *
Now that they’ve talked about it, now that this is
He stalls when leaving his room to get some breakfast, but he’s not going to let this shit run his life. He refuses to be too afraid to eat in his own damn kitchen.
“They should be so lucky,” Cas says in a low rumble, sliding his fingers back into Dean’s mouth before he can respond. “It’s a privilege to see how gorgeous you are like this.”
It is a bit of a tight squeeze, as it turns out, but it’s worth it, lounging back with Dean sitting in front of him, utterly at ease in Castiel’s embrace. That alone warms him up even more than the water.
, the burn is so satisfying when Cas finally pushes into him, the stretch making his toes curl, Cas’s warm, solid weight pressing down on him, leaving him dizzy with pleasure.
Dean doesn’t miss the challenge in Cas’s eyes and he makes an attempt to match it, even though he’s admittedly a little thrown off here. “And what are you gonna do?” he asks, raising an eyebrow. “You just gonna sit there?” Dean can’t fucking believe this – he’s about two seconds from dragging Cas onto the bed or at least climbing into the chair with him because
With the two of them working together, the pile of pieces steadily starts to dwindle, but the sense of impending triumph is cruelly squashed as Dean fits in the last piece they have, only to leave them with three spots still empty.
, not enough. He takes a minute to relax into it, melts under Cas’s gentle but insistent touch.
Dean glances over his shoulder again, almost taken aback by the state he’s in, the deep, ruddy color staining his skin. “Jesus,” he mutters reflexively, although it looks worse than it felt – the physical sensation almost transcended pain, for the most part, though he may be changing his tune as he recovers from the flood of endorphins.
It does take him a second to get moving again because, well… he’s kind of forgotten where he was going in the first place.
Back at the motel they crawl into bed, almost afraid to touch. They’ve both had a few drinks and the temptation’s too real – Dean surges forward, kisses Cas heatedly, sighing in bliss and relief, but he only indulges in it for mere seconds, pulling back with reluctance before it gets out of hand. He draws the line at getting busy while his freaking
Charlie seems to take his silence as confirmation. “Yeah, so, surprise, maybe you can’t undo decades of repression overnight? But that’s okay, Dean, that’s not your fault. It can take a long time to get the hang of the whole
that I can’t help myself.” Damn, he’s only blushing more furiously now, but at least he made it through the explanation in one piece.
Besides, they’re running low on food and clean clothes, so he supposes they had to leave
Dean peers over his shoulder, heart fluttering at the sight of Cas lying next to him, rumpled and relaxed.
To his surprise, Dean balks at the suggestion. “Well, uh—” he pauses, eyes darting away. “Not that, maybe.”
And Cas does just that. He doesn’t bring it up again, doesn’t ask if he’s
give him a serious case of déjà vu. Before he can make his next move, Cas is cupping his cheek, and Dean gets a brief glimpse of the fire in Cas’s eyes before he angles Dean’s face towards his and guides their mouths together again.
“Love you too,” is Dean’s slurred response, mostly asleep but awake enough to make sure he returns the sentiment.
Dean sobers quickly, but not in that self-conscious, self-hating way that Castiel is so unfortunately used to seeing. “I’ve never, uh—” Dean attempts. “It’s never…”
, and Castiel is right there with him.
to think of Cas is a surefire way to make it worse.
Cas exerts, finely controlled, used to put Dean in his place, drive him out of his fucking mind.
to say something, but before he can think himself into a panic, Cas reaches out towards the bedside lamp.
Dean crosses the room to toss his clothes into the laundry pile. “You staying tonight?” he asks, aiming for casual, as if it makes any difference anymore. He can’t really pretend he doesn’t care about Cas’s presence here, and he doesn’t actually want to try. He hasn’t forgotten how Cas called the bunker
fantasy, the one that’s even more reluctant to leave him alone now that he’s stopped stubbornly pushing it away.
This last hunt could have gone a lot better. Unfortunately, there’d been an additional victim that could have been saved if they’d only had the right information at the right time. Everyone’s spirits were low. But Dean, of course, took it much harder than Sam and Castiel combined. Logic says that they did the best they could with what they had, that these kinds of losses, sadly, just come with the territory in their line of work, but logic is rarely convincing to Dean in these situations.
Cas is so
Dean’s well aware that it would be
having anyone he wants, and he passes them up happily for Castiel.
Only briefly does Cas allow Dean to take his cock into his mouth, just enough for Dean to wrap his lips around the head, to feel how
, but this is still new for Castiel, new for
“I was glad that you did,” Castiel hastens to clarify, feeling the familiar pounding in his chest at the careful, bright smile that those words bring out in Dean.
, so to speak, getting asked to ‘work late’ when they both know what a flimsy pretense that is. Dean wouldn’t waste any time, would walk right up to him and climb into his lap – or maybe they can’t wait until after work hours, if they’re feeling daring, maybe Dean would slide right to his knees, suck Cas off while he takes an important phone call, one hand dutifully taking notes and the other tangled in Dean’s hair, encouraging him to take his cock deeper.
“What happened to the peaches?” Sam wonders aloud at breakfast the next morning, frowning as he rummages through the reusable grocery bag he left on the counter.
, doesn’t have to say anything at all, he can just…
“Cas,” Dean murmurs again, pressed head to toe against Castiel’s side – not in that way he does when he’s half-awake or asleep altogether, unconsciously seeking contact, but with
Cas presses against Dean more deliberately, seeming intrigued by the noise Dean makes. He lets out a pleased sound of his own and does it again, and again, and
Dean definitely wants to see what it’s doing to Cas to look at him like this, is certainly not opposed to the image of Cas’s giant hands touching his cock, but any potential answer Dean could summon up dies in his throat, lost on a sudden moan just at the
thing doesn’t feel right for them, for a myriad of reasons; Dean doesn’t think he
Dean feels cold from his absence when Cas slips out of the room, suddenly bereft. He doubts Cas is
Then there’s the time when Cas spends all day appearing suddenly and crowding into Dean’s space, mouth hot and hands relentless, only to vanish without a word once Dean’s worked up and raring to go. He pulls that little stunt
is the thing that, in the end, always gets a rise out of him, and Dean can’t help but want to explore that.
is so great. Dean wants to kiss him real bad, like… right now.
, Cas?”
either,” he adds, nodding his head towards some red, spotted mushrooms that caught his eye. They look like they belong in a cartoon or a fairy tale—witches come to mind, briefly, before he stifles the idea. It’s pretty clear by now that this isn’t a work trip, and he’s not gonna waste time thinking about that kinda shit when he’s trying to relax.
“I suppose,” Cas replies. Whatever’s going on in his head is still a mystery, but he does look at least slightly appeased at the thought of being alone with Dean in a motel room.
Sam glances at Dean as he sputters, looking confused, and even he does a slight double take when he notices Cas. But he recovers quickly, says good morning and goes back to reading, as if everything’s normal.
Castiel detects the slightest inhale from Dean, his eyes turning glassy. Dean said he already knew how Castiel felt, but hearing it obviously matters. Castiel intends to show it too, takes Dean to bed again and pours every ounce of love and adoration into it that he can muster. It’s like their first night together like this, landing on that combination of heat and tenderness that absolutely destroys Dean, leaves him shakily gasping
After a moment the amusement on his face fades. “Dean,” Cas says, not so serious that it makes Dean worry, but serious enough to make him listen. He cups Dean’s cheek in one hand, studying his face for so long that it makes Dean want to squirm. “You make me happy too,” Cas murmurs eventually, and Dean knows there’s a depth of emotion there that Cas isn’t voicing for his benefit, but Dean hears it loud and clear anyway. It seems so fucking stupid that that kinda thing used to freak him out.
It takes a few seconds before Dean can get his legs to work, and then he’s fleeing through the other exit, ducking into his bedroom and shutting the door behind him.
It usually starts out innocent, at least, but it only takes one glimpse of Cas’s hand wrapped around his angel blade or deftly flipping through a lore book for Dean’s mind to take an abrupt, filthy detour. Just looking at them, broad palms and long, thick fingers, gives Dean all sorts of ideas. Sometimes the imagined fingers carding through his hair don’t just softly stroke but tighten and
For a moment Cas just looks at him, his scrutiny making Dean squirm. “You don’t need a ruse to get me into bed with you,” he says, voice warm.
Castiel works his fingers back inside Dean easily, resuming his measured pace. He finally starts to inch further, excruciatingly slow, giving Dean as much time as he needs to get used to it. When he’s up to the widest part of his hand, he hesitates, rocks back and forth a few times trying to decide when to keep going.
It’s especially difficult when it’s someone Castiel knows Dean would probably have pursued, once upon a time. He’d figured out Dean’s
,” Dean says, with as much emphasis and conviction as he can manage. He knows that Cas needs him to be absolutely clear about his desires here, and he wants to leave no room for misinterpretation.
Again, Castiel reminds himself that these emotions are irrational, but he always circles back to the infuriating fact that irrational emotions can’t be reasoned with or controlled, no matter how convincingly his higher brain functions try to keep him in check.
There’s genuine, lingering fear in Dean’s eyes that he fails to hide. Or maybe, for once, he’s not even trying to play it off. Castiel feels a pang of guilt for leaving Dean to wake up alone this morning, for not staying always by his side.
get it. Dean sucks in a breath, embarrassment and frustration giving way to excitement now that they’ve gotten on track. “Right, so—”
But if Dean’s reaction is anything to go by, then Castiel knows exactly what Dean is asking about. “I remember,” he replies softly. As if Castiel could forget. That particular memory had become an almost guilty pleasure for him. Dean seemed to be all right with it at the time, but he’s always too good at downplaying his interest in that sort of thing for Castiel to ever be too sure. His own interest, however, has always been decidedly less ambiguous.
