In any case, I  was weighing him every eight hours and knew he had already gained forty two grams so obviously I was doing something right.
Sherlock bristles briefly, regains his composure. “At least two hours, depending on whether I can get Molly to rush the nylon fibres through for me.”
Sherlock observes. He sees everything that Mycroft has seen, and one thing extra  - the deep cloudy circles under the woman’s eyes. She hasn’t had decent sleep in months.
And they both laugh together, really laugh, their mouths opens, their faces crinkled, laugh until their sides ache and tiny millet seeds of tears run from the corner of their eyes.
"It sounds splendid, Renzo, but I'm particularly keen for Doctor Watson to try your exceptional pizzas."
Later that night John watches the news and Sherlock lays with his head in his lap, resting his chin on his joined hands.
Stretched out in Mycroft’s guest room, Sherlock retreats to his mind palace and walks through all the cities he’s travelled by himself, through all the lonely long nights he’s had and all the effort he spent resigning to a life he expected to live alone through circumstance, not choice.
“But then Ollie was born and it didn’t matter. I kept fooling myself that everything would be fine if I could just hold out for a year. I just couldn’t imagine it would turn out as bad as it did.”
John reads slowly, softly biting his lower lip. Oh, he says in a whisper. This one is slightly more personal and very new, for he and Sherlock never comment on their personal appearance in any romantic sense. John admires Sherlock physically and he likes to think that he in turn is admired, but they never say as much, not yet, not in these early stages.
Renzo is all arms and dramatic gestures, adamant that he'll provide the beer too. You can't have pizza without beer, he insists.
“What?” I asked him while my hair was being expertly pulled. (Albion has very little fists so could only grab a small portion of hair. He compensated for lack of volume with a strong, downward tug, which was extremely painful. His technique was flawless.)
Eurus watches footage of her mother and father walking up the path holding a tiny bundle, with the vast grey ocean moving gently in the distance.
It all comes so naturally. "I'm a doctor," John says calmly, leaning over the stranger and gently trying to keep him still. "You're going to be fine. I just want to check your face."
When he drifts off he's back in John's Room, which is cream with a navy trim and has a few files stacked on the floor but when he wakes in the morning it is overgrown with beautiful green plants and the ceiling is open to a clear sky, and all the things he knows about John are written on pieces of stiff paper and pinned to branches at various heights.
Surveyor’s plans are detailed. The first was drawn up in 1932, the vision of a wealthy member of minor nobility,  who had seen some fine houses in France and wanted to copy them while incorporating some of the more lavish details of homes of New York.  The property, known then as Anglegrove, was a eight bedroom home with a glasshouse in the yard, and a separate pagoda in the other corner of the garden.
He would have read it a fourth time but Sherlock, who has probably timed his entrance quite carefully, returns home.
Jeremy’s mother nervously let the small party into her handsome house. He’s a good boy, she told them over and over. I’m sure there’s been a mistake.
“You must be Sherlock! John told me all about you.” Caroline turns her face a little in a manner to mimic coyness. “I’ve seen you in the papers. That story your girlfriend wrote.”
And every blithering fact or achievement is the purpose of a meeting. What could be established in three minutes often stretches over ninety. Sometimes people make power point presentations. Just the sound of a laptop opening in the meeting room makes John (if he's awake) want to howl.
It was like a spear through my ribs. I am ordinarily very adept at masking my feelings and reactions, but that question cut so deeply that I felt the blood drain from my face. My bloodless brother had once again gone, quite literally, to the heart of the matter.
John Watson was standing in the doorway in his pyjama pants and a robe, which meant I could see tantalizing glimpses of his honey coloured belly, juxtaposed against the glimpses of his surprisingly neat toes.
In less than forty-eight hours it was like they had never been separated. John made tea, Sherlock flopped on the couch. They argued, discussed, disagreed, agreed and each smiled widely at the other when they thought the other couldn’t see.
Afterwards, as the hearse left with Mariah’s coffin for the cemetery, Jenny Banister met them outside the church.
Formulating the best response was difficult. What I wanted to say is that I would be happy living with John Watson and Albion in a cardboard box in a glue factory in a cold despotic country without heating, but those kinds of desperate declarations are embarrassing.
I thought she was wrong, but we all make our choices with based on our personal interpretation of available data. “And her de facto was okay with it?”
And my brother strolled off, tapping his umbrella delicately on the pavement in time with his steps, no doubt smiling as he plotted the downfall of some despotic Government in a third world country.
“Remind me how to do this.” John looks at their feet, takes two steps forward, two back and two forward before Sherlock catches on.
“Definitely.” He lifted the drowsy baby onto his shoulder to pat the wind out of him. “I’m going to paint the upstairs room too, if that’s okay with you.”
When Sherlock gets home that night he doesn't do any lines and he doesn't think about the likelihood of never having any friends. Instead he has a bath during which he soaks quietly while carefully fitting each toe, one by one, into the tap with varying success, dries off on a clean towel, changes into clean pyjamas and settles into bed quite comfortably, remembering the rare nights at home during the Christmas breaks when he would be dozing, close to sleep, and the soft scent of Cabochard would sparkle on the dark air around him, a small strong hand would pat his back and he'd feel her beautiful face up close as she kissed his temple.
That was very important. Victims of knife trauma almost always have defensive wounds unless they are attacked from behind – or someone holds their hands while they are attacked.
“Well, yes. Shut up. After he was kicked out, the Prince ran into a woman he had helped in Florida and she offered him rooms in her house around the corner in Baker Street. The Prince was very excited but sad at the same time because he was lonely and he couldn’t work out why, given he didn’t have a heart. Anyway, he moved all his boxes and his violin and his lab equipment to Baker Street.
"It might have been to someone who diagnosed you properly. In fact I might as well do it now." John is a little taken aback but Sherlock proceeds regardless.
Lestrade goes back to the office where he keeps a change of shirts; Sherlock wanders around the kitchen table with his shirt half on, half off, carefully cleaning the greasy face of his phone with a little rubbing alcohol dabbed on the free sleeve while he wonders how the Broken Beer Bottle Killer knows his victims. And why they have tattoos of inverted phone numbers on their arms.
Albion then noticed the judge for the first time and leaned over to see if he could reach her hair. She tapped his hand with her index finger.
Sherlock presses his lips together tightly before he answers. "Yes, Doctor Watson was married over a year ago, but they’ve split up and now he’s back at Baker Street.  How did you know?"
I would have thought congratulations would have been in order at this point, but like I said – stupidity. Hourly.
“Then I wank in the shower and wait for you to want sex again. Why do you need the measurement of my ear and why can’t you use a ruler to get it?”
clenched teeth, one hand loose on John's shoulder and the other clasped in John's. Sherlock feels the light flick on in every chamber of his heart and for once it doesn't feel uninhabited.
“The thing is”, says Greg, who drives today, “The roads would have been different, and the traffic would have been different. Not every one had a car in 1975.”
It was marvelous. I was so proud of him, not only liking the food but also recognizing the importance of trying something new. I lifted him high above my head and bought him in for a big kiss. “My majestic little piglet! Eating human food like a grown up!”
By the time they’re back at Baker St, Sherlock has already read two. Both are missing boys – one aged nine, the other 11. The first went missing in 1966 after visiting a shoe store, the other was last seen wearing old plimsolls in 1971.
Not long after Sherlock was bundled off to join his brother at school, Papa's thinking became even more intense and more expansive to the extent that he had difficulty actually expressing it in any kind of reasonable sentence. Eventually, for the sake of his health, he reduced all his communications to one word. Consequently he rarely goes out because no one outside his immediate family has a clue what he's on about.
This was intensely painful for him. He paused for a second and picked some fluff from the rug while he gathered his nerve to tell the truth. “I was going to kill him. When I left you at the hospital that day that’s what I planned to do. I knew where he was. I was intending to kill him just to get Ollie back.” He paused again and bit his lip, then leaned over to touch Albion’s hand, watching the little fingers closed around his thumb.
“She used to ask the mirror if she was the prettiest person in the kingdom and the mirror, who actually didn’t see many people, always told her yes. That was until Snow White grew up and started looking in the mirror, so obviously the mirror had a point of comparison, which is also the basis of quantative research.
As soon as Anya would arrive, Albion, satisfied that he had successfully completed a good session of mournful wailing and shortened both John’s and my life expectancy, would promptly go to sleep. No doubt he was restoring his strength so he could wail loudly at John and me when her shift finished.
All she has is an identical chain of events every night when she goes to sleep, that culminate in a largely identical dream that wakes her up at 2.57am.
“No. He wanted to be a pirate and travel around the world and pillage information from every corner of the globe and solve great mysteries.”
It was then I could see that John, the most courageous of any person I’ve ever known, was holding an empty bottle. John Watson had saved us all by pressing the mouth of a bottle against the base of the fugitive’s skull.
Afterwards he lays under John's chin and taps his finger over his scar, visualising it as a relief map as he memorises the peninsulas on the east and west side. John closes his eyes and rubs his cheek against the thick dark hair that smells of cold air and formaldehyde and coconut. I love you, they both think, I love you really hard and really strong, but they don't say it yet. Instead Sherlock says they should do this every Monday afternoon, spa and sex and snooze, and John smiles and says sign me up and as he holds him a little closer he realises, this is what getting better feels like.
“Mrs Best, I’m Dr Molly Hooper. I’ve performed the autopsy on your daughter to ascertain the cause of death. Before I open the bag, I have to tell you that she is quite mummified, and her condition is fragile, so you can’t touch her, I’m sorry. You’ll notice too that the bag is lined with ice, and we’ve done that to keep her in tact. Okay?”
But it wasn’t as if Sherlock was entirely recovered either. It’s just that it took John a little longer to see it.
A young man in a cheap shirt and a clip-on bow tie opens the door. “Good evening, Mr Holmes. Can I get anyone a drink or snacks?”
Mycroft was sitting the old brocade seat that was once John Watson’s on a Sunday afternoon, feeding Albion. I was stretched out on my couch, reading the woefully inadequate police brief prepared for the disappearance of a school boy in 1993. It was making me uncomfortable.
Sherlock fixes his gaze to the second boy and speaks with sarcastic sweetness. “Oh good, a supervising adult. Now we can see if you’re as emotionally damaged as your friend”.
He went to war and someone shot him and killed his friends. He came home and couldn’t sleep. He met me and we ran riot together and drank a lot of tea. Then I faked my death. (I should have thought that through more carefully, in retrospect. It ruined a lot of things for us.) While I was dead he met a cheerful dull woman and when I came back he married her. His wife has turned out out to be a paid assassin. He forgave her for that, and then they had a daughter who, it turned out, belonged to her defacto partner who no one knew about. Like her other two kids did.
Lestrade is about to say, "I'll see what I can do," but knows it not good enough. "I'll send you a copy as soon as I get them. But tell me. What do you think? A sadist? Another junkie? What?"
"I'm around for at least a month," Billy says with true concern. "Do you want me to fix it for you?" He holds up both fists and tightens an invisible cord.
“It appears only three people she knew are suspects. That would be her mother – who we know didn’t do it, her father – who may have, and Julia, who might be able to prove that.”
Rudy takes twelve year old Mycroft, precocious and confident and more than aware of his parents’ failings, into his confidence, and explains his fears. Mycroft and Rudy decide that Mycroft will watch his siblings carefully and remind Eurus (if necessary) that her pencils will be confiscated by the authorities if she kills anyone. Mycroft is gentle and applies the law with great delicacy, while inside the ancient family home, Rudy argues about Eurus with the Holmes parents.
“Just so I’m clear, can we have as much sex as we like?” He likes agendas, if only so he can disregard them completely.
So I wasn’t very hopeful when I was sent off to be rehabilitated again, although I am partial to swimming and looked forward to an occasional dip.
Mrs Hudson comes to door with Inspector Lestrade.  She looks at John and Sherlock and smiles. Does she know? They both think she does.  She looks carefully, from Sherlock, to John, and to Sherlock again, and smiles as she leaves.
Sherlock grunts some more. The hanger keeps getting caught in the fridge's mechanics and his phone remains tantalisingly out of reach.
The pain was gone. Sherlock showed no obvious after effects of his illness. He was, he was certain, more healthy than he had ever been. John Watson made good on his commitment – Sherlock really was the happiest gay man in London.
It transpired that my spreadsheet was of no consequence, for Lestrade called us and invited us to Scotland Yard to look at some documents to pertaining to a very large shipment of narcotics.  The high chair and jars of banana yoghurt were put on hold.
It also meant I could resume my work on the cold files. It took a bit of practice, not to jump up when the crying started. It was also very hard to hear him settle down when Anya fed him.  That someone else could soothe him made sharp little spikes of yearning form in my chest.
John, resplendent in his tattered clothes, could hear the emotion in my voice, which was a bit disconcerting for both of us.
Hs is more beautiful with lust. John is a enthusiastic lover whose responses are very honest and heartfelt. I could feel his love with every touch. His hot mouth  rolling over my chest, biting softly at my abdomen and taking me by surprise when he quickly pushed my pants out of the way and pushed his face against my cock, reaching up to hold my hand as he gave me the most intimate of kisses.
Mummy stayed in Zurich and visited every day, and also under went endless interviews and quizzes while Eurus zipped through lessons, learning music, talking with various psychiatrists and, last thing before bed, writing to her brothers.
The plum man on the bench close to the entrance of the park is the first person John would have had to walk past, if he had turned left. He's soft and spreading in early middle age with a cheerful face and a resigned unhappiness that no one would guess. Not long after John didn't walk past him, this man goes back to his work in the local hospital, checks the slides he's prepared for the afternoon lectures and bids Sherlock, some indefinable scientific deducting genius or certifiable unfeeling loony with a gift for chemistry, depending on who you ask, a cursory goodbye.
Mrs Hudson, who I have always maintained is the back bone of this country, was able to find two clean teapots and ensured we all had tea and biscuits. (There were Jaffa Cakes in my cupboard. I had no idea. Anya must have put them there.)
John kisses him again. “It’s fantastic. Your face is all wet and you’re warm. And your chest is fantastic.”
I left Lestrade to talk to Ms Briggs. Mrs Hudson set about making tea, which she does with great grace during of any kind of crisis.
The next day one of the prime suspects of the mysterious armed robberies is found dead in a warehouse. John and Sherlock are summoned quickly at 6am and as he dresses, John finds another poem folded neatly in his underpants:
to consult on nineteen cases, solved fourteen of them, argued seven times, argued seriously once and made up with mutual apologies once. Sherlock had eaten seventeen full meals, picked at things like biscuits thirty one times and slept a total of fifty nine hours.
Doctor Watson and I exchanged very brief meaningful glances. It was good to be back at a crime scene.
“John, five minutes. Probably not even that. You can hit me when I’ve finished. Just – please. It’s important. I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t.”
Carbohydrates and the excitement of nearly being stabbed to death eventually take their toll. Sherlock grows drowsy and thinks it's possible he might sleep a couple of hours. He closes his eyes to check.
"It's okay, you've bitten your tongue. Okay, no, don't get up, let me just check you've not broken anything. I'll get an ambulance - " and then he remembers he has no phone.
Initially he thought that romance wasn’t important to John, but now Sherlock was starting to suspect that it was, and that John had sacrificed romance for Sherlock’s companionship.
“We read your  name in the police file. I know you gave a statement, but there are a few things we hoped to clarify “ -
John kneels down and realises he doesn't have his cane. For a moment he is struck with a complete blank, wondering where he left it.
I couldn’t work it out. The things I loved about him – well, the things I could readily identify – weren’t surprising: he was brave, loyal, intelligent, quick witted, ethical, a man of principal.
"It depends on the temperature of the water! I'm not sure why that is, but hot water seems to weigh less. I haven't worked out why."
Greg bites his lips, and then says, “Well, the homicide guys will bring the cadaver dog, and the heat detecting things. If she has buried a body, there’s a good chance we’ll find it.”
“Goodnight,” he says politely, and he walks down the street, wondering how long it would take him to get back to Regents Park.
Greg continues. “We just don’t know, and the thing is, I’ve been to hundred of crimes scenes too, and I’ve seen things I can’t explain. This woman might have heard a ghost, or she might be a loopy, but I think there’s some value in trusting things you can’t explain.”
Albion disagreed strongly with this. He roared endlessly. What kind of moron are you, he bellowed at me, letting this harridan drive a needle into my arm? She’s stealing my BLOOD, you imbecile.
Lestrade said, “I’m not sure if this is too soon or if you two are even taking cases, but I’ve got a strange one and haven’t got a clue where to start.”
“Hello. Hello. Sherlock, I don’t know if you’ve got one of these, only I never got you a gift when Albion was born and a friend of mine has one of these and her baby loves it and I thought little Albion might be ready for it…do you think?”
“Then its settled,” Ludwig declares. “None of Eurus’s problems are anyone’s fault. Graham, you can leave now and don’t ever come back. And the rest of you, I now want to finalise Eurus’s first annual timetable so we can get our work underway.”
The glazier is an aggressive thick set Scotsman with sandy hair and nursing the oily dregs of a truly remarkable hangover. Sherlock finds him quite pleasing and treats him with commensurate disdain by sitting motionless in his chair, reading a copy of the Telegraph, watching every miniscule move he makes while apparently ignoring him entirely.
“I can promise you that won’t happen. I keep telling GREG and Mycroft that she just wasn’t interested. She wouldn’t even hold him when he was born. She never fed him. She just wasn’t interested at all. She knows he’s here, and she hasn’t been near the place.”
It was mildly interesting reading but Mycroft was still none the wiser about the actual relationship between the two.
It wasn't any of that. It wasn't just her femininity or her power or her connections or the huge vault of knowledge about every carnal or depraved or pathetic or unlawful sexual activity that would no doubt would outshine his in practice if not in theory.
“Oh, I know, I know, it’s horrible having some stranger poke at you, isn’t it darling? I won’t be long.” John Watson spoke to my wailing baby with infinite tenderness. “Here, we’ll get your dad to hold you while I check your legs.”
Her achievements were legendary - up to Girton when she was seventeen, gobbling up courses and graduating with her masters in Natural Science at 21, mother of two small boys, part of the core Brompton surgical team and teaching post graduate courses in medicine when she was thirty three.
(I made that sound quite unimportant but it was in fact an incredibly difficult thing to say. John Watson and I are not terribly competent in handling our feelings for each other. We’ve made adequate declarations once – John, when he asked me to be his best man, and me, when I gave a speech as his best man. I also told him I loved him just before he walked around he world but he couldn’t hear that, so I don’t know if it counts.
“Arterial blood spurts at a very sharp angle,” John reminded me. “The person closest to the victim at the time of impact would have been drenched, and on the upper body, if they were both standing. If the victim was sitting, that table would be covered with blood, but there’s only a few drops.”
“Oh, you lovely thing. If only everyone realised that. John, I’m going to my gardening club down at the park, and its such a lovely day, I thought Rosie might like to come.”
He gently rests his index finger at the bird's wee soft chest and it hops on without fear. John slowly lifts his finger up to face level and looks closely at the pretty little creature.
I chose the latter. My apologies to any person with delicate legal sensibilities who feels blighted by my actions.
It was no less nonsensical than a lot of their clients, and more plausible than some. The matter might have been shelved indefinitely had two brothers not executed a daring raid on a Bond Street Jeweller, and if Detective Lestrade had decided not to take an extra sick day as he recovered from a bad cold, and if Scotland Yard had not employed an exceptional archivist who filed their cold cases with commendable accuracy.
And finally, in what Sherlock would always count as the highlight of that very important night, “Is there any point in me asking if I can come back to Baker Street?”
I had little interest in that part of proceedings, so we were back at Baker Street in time to relieve Anya of her shift.
He carefully opened the bedroom door and stood hesitating in the dark, wondering if the mound there really was his flatmate.
But John is smiling." You'll break your stitches," he says calmly. "Slow down." He leans back in and offers his mouth gently, dabbing his tongue against Sherlock's, slowly winding his arms around him until his hands meet on his back.
Sherlock breathes audibly through his nose. “A straight boy. And no, he didn’t do it on purpose and yes of course I realise that it is something I have to rectify, not him. Outside of those salient details, you are entitled to know no more. Now change the subject. Tell me about Bosomy Rose. Did you see the scars?”
“You understand that  - Mariah’s body has been mummified after decades underground. She doesn’t look like what you remember.”
John Watson and I were a cold case. We had a corpse of a relationship, a few clues as to motive but there simply wasn’t enough evidence to work out what had happened and who was responsible.
She is vivacious and funny and so smart she make people's eyes water. Her cleverness comes with no conditions and no apologies.
“He quiet possibly is consulted by academics and other medical professionals.” Mycroft is bored with all of this. He doesn’t care for Switzerland despite the glut of good chocolate available to him, and he doesn’t like mixing with other people.
It was just a bird, John says to himself as he walks home. Stop this. Stop this. It was just a bird. It couldn't have survived outside the cage. It's perfectly all right.
There were a lot of things to celebrate – John Watson’s return, Social Services not removing my baby, Albion’s first toy – so we ended up having a little tea party as we all set about trying to assemble Molly’s generous gift. Seasoned fathers and purveyor of toys, Lestrade and Dr Watson, led the charge while Molly unpacked the frame. I looked closely at all the components, Anya read the instruction manual and Albion watched from Mycroft’s lap.
My father interrupted, and explained the ghost who visited Jennifer Bannister every night, and woke her at precisely 2.57am. Sherlock doesn’t like the supernatural, but he and my father explained that it was probably the time Mariah died in that cold black place.
Ademar smiles. He had always thought Sherlock Holmes would be far more sophisticated. He wondered briefly how the best friend John couldn’t be in love with this beguiling man.
The trick, I think, is learning that you have to make your own happiness, and you make happiness to fit your life and circumstances. Sometimes, if you’re lucky, some bursts of happiness will appear out of the blue. I trying to instill this my boy as gently as I can, and it is something that I think is resonating with him.
Mariah has been missing for forty two years. The one clue, according to the file, was never released to the public, in the hope that it might  help solve the child’s disappearance.
"I'm going to have to give you a shot of penicillin, and I think you should have a tetanus shot too."
It was an impasse that Albion managed to solve when he cried very loudly at being lumbered now with two idiots who were unable to feed him with any punctuality.
“What have you been doing, mon frere? I’ve not heard from you since I gave you money to chase away the drug lord. Did he try to kill you or was eighty thousand enough?”
Rosie, on the other hand, is not fond of the unfamiliar. She holds on to John tightly, and rests her head against his chest in case she needs to hide her face.
She sort of sniggers a little nervously. "The old ones kept cracking under extreme cold. They ruined some of Mike's experiments, didn't they Mike? These ones are the better ones from Germany."
Sherlock likes to visit people’s homes. They are a cornucopia of clues and information for him – the colours of the paint, the dust on a photo frame that hangs in the lounge room,  how recently the carpet was vacuumed, the tiny crack on the cup in which he might be handed tea. All these things speak to him in a specific language, which he can translate for the unobservant.
John gives him simple instructions. Put your arms up, that ‘s right. Lay still. I’m not going to hurt you.
Sherlock looks at him like he's asked for his kidney. He slips a pair of latex gloves over his hands as they walk to the dark cold room where the latest young person has died.
“Dr Ludwig Bails, MA, MD, PhD (Zurich), consulting psychiatrist,” Sherlock reads from the small, dignified brass plate near the door of the clinic where Eurus is about to start her formal education.
He hadn’t said he loved me. I was aware that might be an issue but I didn’t care. He’d rescued me from Social Services, held my baby and brought his luggage upstairs. There were (relatively) clean sheets on my bed.
"I'm going to recommend you see an employment agency. I've referred a lot of patients to Reynolds and had good results."
It’s serious business, John agrees, kneeling before Sherlock and tenderly kissing the miniscule folds of his foreskin. I love your foreskin too, my love, John assures him. He watches Sherlock as he rolls his mouth over the tip, thrilled by Sherlock’s evident pleasure, the way he tips his face back to catch his breath, thrilled at the way he will then snatch another look, watching John with dreamy grey eyes.
“Well, I went outside after a few minutes when Mariah didn’t come back, and that’s all there was.” She takes a deep breath. “No one knew about the shoe. The police told me not to tell anyone and I didn’t, not even her father.”
As the slow dark minutes ticked by, Sherlock carefully examined each bleak aspect of his loss. By ten thirty he had concluded the worse thing that could happen was that John would leave Baker Street. To prevent this, Sherlock decided he must employ every single thing he could to keep John happy at Baker Street. This meant no interfering of dates, no deducing of dates unless they appeared to pose a serious threat to John’s safety and no criticisms of dates. Also: learn the dates’ names.
While he was in the bathroom he figured he may as well have a shower too. While he showered he wondered exactly how much water his hair would hold when it was soaking wet and how he might accurately measure that. He marked that interesting inquiry with a mental post it note and then wondered how many people are injured in bathrooms each year, and what the most common injury might be. He concluded that taps would be the main culprit while conceding that most people would automatically assume glass.
He slips down on the floor and Sherlock starts at his throat, gently nurses his nipples, nips sharply at his tight navel and looks up only when John steadies him with both hands.
“Toys are very important!” It was the first time Ms Briggs spoke. I could tell from her efficient dress and carefully styled hair that she was happy to be working on Saturday. Trouble at home, obviously.
“No, no one told me. I just knew.” She hugs her daughter a little closer, and they watch some footage filmed the next day - Mummy in the beautiful Georgian bed in the parent’s room with tiny Eurus in her arms, and Sherlock lounging next her, talking to Eurus.
John shrugs his shoulders. It seems unlikely that there's anything; he is hoping there isn't. That's his preference, not to feel anything again, not to be alive, not to be anything but a small blur in a photo.
He presses the buzzer and the door opens in four seconds by a young woman in jeans and a fleece. Her uncombed hair is piled on her head and secured with a slightly tatty coloured band. Small shapeless strands spring out from various parts of her crown.
The sad corpse, when he is finally visible, is the only person of interest to Sherlock amongst this large group of chattering people. John offers the greetings and hears out Lestrade’s scant briefing.
But it was early days for John and I, and decided it would be best to withhold that impression for later. Instead I asked if the trip had eased his heart sickness.
I worked on the cold cases all day. Some of them were cold cases for a good reason: some had a body but no weapon, no witnesses, no motive; others had a weapon and plenty of motive but no body.
One of my greatest fears is boredom. More than a few hours of not having a case can drive me to unadulterated madness. Now I can watch my son actually grow. Every single second imprints another piece of information on his rapidly expanding brain.
I never know how to respond when people ask me questions like that. I understand the social contract requires me to act calm and say yes, please, but in fact I want to smash furniture and grasp people by the shoulders and shake them until I’m certain they understand how badly I want the information.  Not that I would do that to Mrs Hudson. She already knew.
Sherlock thinks about this. A therapy pet. "Aren't all pets a form of therapy? Wouldn't it just be a pet?"
Albion was asleep in his crib, I had been measuring the length of his bones so I could calculate his height as an adult.  His soft shadow of dark hair was sticking up like the spikes on tropical caterpillars. I thought it was one of the most beautiful things I had ever seen and couldn’t stop touching it.
“Well, that’s what’s so perplexing. I’ve been thinking about it and yes, we are. We are, and I had no idea. Was it the first time you thought of us as your family, this afternoon?”
“It’s a delicate process,” Greg says. “Like Sherlock says, we can’t just go to the house and even if we could, the chances of finding any information are non-existent. The police seemed to have looked the place over anyway. I know you think they didn’t do a great job, but trust me, if the mother hurt that little girl, they would have found something.”
I was overcome with gratitude that this man was here to teach Albion the important things that I don’t even remember or have deleted. More importantly, I realised that all the things he had no doubt planned to do for Ollie, and was forced to discard, he had resurrected and was now willing to hand over to Albion.
And then Albion reminded me that I am an idiot who just happens to be blessed with the love of two of the greatest males in the world and roared like a banshee for his late night meal service.
"I'll need to get him into ER so we can do an ECG," the nurse says, quite determined to let the bleeding man with chest pains and his partner in the questionable jumper be someone else's problem. "I'll just a get a wheelchair."
“Look, can we give him a jigsaw puzzle or something and GO?” Sherlock, rolling his eyes and pacing, is impatient for hot chips.
It was that on their first meeting that she had nothing on and that meant he had nothing to go on and that he couldn't help but stare at her everything. She gave him nothing but her soft pearly skin and her sly painted eyes and he could only stare at her with unexpected admiration like any man and it highlighted to him his yearning and loneliness and she saw that immediately so she won, hands down, in the first round and although he was able to out run her eventually and even bow with grace and shower her with mercy in the end game, she won.
John, who struggled to stitch evenly when he first started suturing and worked extra hours bent over corpses in the student labs until he got it right, is wearing his only suit, sitting at a large desk made cheaply from blonde wood, staring at a large puffy woman called Beverly. She has declared herself his employment agent.
It is silent. Lestrade shrugs his shoulders a little, holds his palms out. "So where are their personal phones?"
Living with a very strict and efficient nanny enabled us to settle into a routine. Albion and I had breakfast together and after I finished files for the day, we’d take a walk together. I liked the exercise out in the heart of London, and Albion liked being held close under my coat. I would stop when ever I found something brightly coloured that he might enjoy looking at, and for any animals, because I wanted him to know as soon as possible that we are just one animal amongst a whole range of species. When we got home he’d have a bath, taste the water, then slurp one last bottle before bed.
Because I like unbuttoning shirts. Because I can watch you when you're getting me off and you'll remind me that we're doing something wanton and impulsive , half dressed and half naked.
Sherlock is dumbstruck for a couple of seconds, and stares at John with face full of shock, opened mouth and wide eyes. “What? Don’t be ridiculous. What’s in your speech?”
“No. Its pointless. I’ve got no claim on her. She’s back in Canada now, with her” – John Watson stammered a little here – “biological father, her grandparents, she’s even got a brother and sister. She should be with her family. Her real family.” He breathed very deeply and covered Albion with a corner of the rug. “It’s not her fault her parents were liars and did that to us. It’s in her best interest that she has no more disruption. She needs to have stability and a real family.”
Sherlock, who has never had a friend in his life, is walking with John in tow towards a long tail of police crime scene tape suspended across the street .
Sherlock doesn't immediately recognise him but, as the man approaches, remembers what prison can do to you.
Usually it's John, but today it's Sherlock who smirks, starting at his eyes which crinkle and shine, then his cheeks which pucker slightly and then his mouth, which turns up at the corners despite every effort employed to hold it still.
By the end of the week, Lestrade had laid charges against two of the three suspects, but only one with charged with murder. (The man who had restrained the victim during the attack  got aggravated assault and detain with advantage. I spoke briefly with the third man, who still was in shock from witnessing the murder. It was obvious he had no part.)
I was starting to think that if I wanted to restore our friendship to its former glory,  I would simply have to schedule in a period for physical assault every time we met.
As it turns out, that becomes an easy task, because Mycroft – as he is wont to do when he is having an manageable day – has texted that he’s collected Rosie from nursery school. John and Sherlock come back to 221b to find them both at the little table, Mrs Hudson having joined them on one of the tiny chairs, reading Mother Goose in turns.
John opens his mouth to prolong the argument but it’s true – he still can’t tell the difference between lilac and lavender and he did marry the wrong person last time.
Apparently that was even better than a Libra. "Oh awesome, a Taurus! That's fantastic for the house energy. No wonder Rhonda's digging you."
Sherlock, silent until now, disagrees. “I think she was probably dead when she was went into the cellar, and in fact that’s why she was hidden there. “
John’s friendly, if somewhat detached bravado disintegrated rapidly when Sherlock made some gentle inquiries.
“They’re – actually, forget it.” He wound his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. This could put him to sleep sometimes; other times it put John to sleep and Sherlock would lay in the dark, listening to John’s breath.
“All kinds of boring things. Nothing interesting, except the Prince got busted for using drugs on the Northern line tube and while he was being bailed, Gilroy turned up and told the Prince that he couldn’t ask his opinion on crimes if he was a junky, and if he’d go to rehab Gilroy would let Prince go to some crime scenes. That was acceptable, and eventually Gilroy called him to a murder, which the Prince solved in four hours. And so the Prince kept solving murders and was deliriously happy and only using drugs when he was bored. He wheedled his way into the labs at St Bart’s with his brother’s help and had access to the sophisticated lab equipment there. He got a nice flat by himself on Montague Street and lived there for four years until the landlord died and his son, who was having an affair with three married women, kicked the Prince out.”
“So eventually, in order to save the Woodsman, the Prince had to pretend he died so he could go off in secret and eliminate every trace of the evil Prince. It took two years and the Woodsman was sad.”
The glare at one another for a couple of seconds. It's not a stand off, but a little competition to see who breaks first.
There's no further explanation. John is reluctant to take it any further. In any case, they're not far from former home.
Anya had joined us for a cup of tea in our kitchen on a Friday afternoon. John Watson was explaining to her (for the sixth time) that her rank in the East German army thirty years ago was on par with a British Lance Corporal.
Mycroft lifted his arms slightly to present Albion to me. “You can’t afford to break a limb or get shot anymore. Not when this young man is relying on you to feed him at two in the morning.”
Sherlock was uncommunicative for the entire trip, seemingly confirming small things on his phone while John watched the ancient streets of London speed by. He was not remotely interested in the armed robbery. All he could think of were Sherlock’s feet. Who painted his toenails? And why?
Sherlock has read a lot of the research but doesn't disclose this. "Only briefly, on cases," is all he says.
The entry point is a delicate splash just below John’s shoulder; the exit is a messy blast that surgery was only able to correct slightly. Sherlock passes his fingertips over the weft of skin, imagining the scorched passage through the muscle and the miniscule dent on the artery.
She had been living with her sister, she told me, and hadn’t visited a doctor at all. I don’t know much about pregnant women but I thought that was an oversight.
"No. I mean, I like her, and she was a great cat, and I know you'd like to but no. I couldn't do that to Ida."
“I think you just tell people you’re a high functioning sociopath because it helps you deal with any disappointment or dislike you think your actions make them feel.”
“Yes. But the Prince was still an idiot and didn’t realise why. While he was away he thought about the Woodsman everyday and made plans for all the wonderful things they could do when he returned. But the Woodsman moved on. He met a pretty lady.  When the Prince came back he was too late, because the Woodsman was going to marry the pretty lady and the Woodsman was going to be her husband. The Prince realised that he – the Prince - was an even bigger idiot than he originally thought.”
"Sure is.” Billy’s smile is wide as he cuffs Sherlock on the arm with true affection. “So good to see you! I heard you died."
Mycroft had a little more insight to the relationship but not even he was able to discern the exact nature of it.
Sherlock texted his best friend, only to get a response in which John claimed to be tired and have an early morning tomorrow and sorry, you’ll have to solve it by yourself.
undermines public confidence and that means the Government would have to undertake some huge inquiries, implement new projects and throw money at a problem that can be just as easily concealed in the first place."
Then he remembered that nothing was ever going to happen to him again and this grey limping ghost was all that was left.
“I chose ALL the colours,” John says with a smug little smile, and waits for the huge tide of curiousity to rise. “Yes, alright, remain calm. You can look at them all now.”
My lack of action made him more angry. He yelled and kicked things for ten minutes or so, and then stood in front me, disoriented, as if he’d finally got to the end of a very long road that he’d been travelling in blinkers.
John’s breast pocket is now stretched to capacity. He buys a filofax from Ryman’s and files Sherlock poems in chronological order.
“New memo from the Chief says we now have to include cold cases in our monthly figures so I need to close as many live cases as I can.”
"Or you could get your throat slashed and I'll have to give evidence at an inquest and I'm too busy. Give me the phone."
They had been a couple for a month and one week when John finally started to grasp the full extent of Sherlock's extraordinary gifts.
"I just don't - you are absolutely amazing. How could you have possibly - there is no way you could have seen anything that - Jesus!" John shakes his head again and smiles before looking up to him. "How on earth did you know I was going here?"
“Worked a treat,” John answered. “Feels exactly the same as a gun muzzle, provided you can’t see it.”
"You silly boy. But here, you'll have to change your shirt. Those tiles are a bit grimy, aren't they?" She looks as pristine as ever but both Sherlock and Lestrade do indeed have thin grey smears on their shirt.
"I turned up at a match with two balls. So each team had a ball, so there was no basis for competition. You should have seen the look on everyone faces." Sherlock chuckles. "I just thought someone would have the sense to toss one of the balls out. Instead both teams just stood there, each with a ball, as if the game was over."
Because despite what Sherlock might have you believe, Mycroft really does care very deeply for his brother.
There is some general discussion amongst them all – well, that was quick, how much do we owe you, can I pay when I see you - and Sherlock still doesn’t look up.  “No need. I have a friend who owes me a favour.”
And he likes to get things back on track, which I think is also residual from his soldiering days. When he first moved into my flat he fixed a cupboard in the kitchen that I would have never had noticed was broken and repaired one of the taps at the bathroom sink. John Watson would be walking all over the world, looking at local museums, doing people’s washing up in Shanghai, nailing down pieces of loose carpet in Stockholm, walking someone’s dog in Fresno, sweeping out someone’s igloo in the North Pole, trimming rubber trees in Kuala Kangsar, shooting a drug lord in Columbia, escorting a child to school in Nimes – there are enough chores and local museums world wide to keep him occupied forever.
John turns to Lestrade. "So was she part of a gang? Is that why she has the punishment number tattooed on her arm?"
When it happened the second time, Sherlock was genuinely annoyed. He had two mummified corpses with perfect teeth and the remnants of some excellent stab wounds. There was still talc-like residue in the veins, a bleached red powder reminiscent of desert sand.
The moon is rising over London and a clear, sparkling night is gradually overtaking a sky just about exhausted of sunlight. The ancient bone coloured buildings all around sit in sharp relief; the air is cold and clean.
"Well you've checked. Now get back to work." Lestrade ends the call and throws his phone on the desk noisily. Why can't everyone just be nice? He sighs heavily and go backs to the start of the brief to try and work out all those mobiles again.
When I was in my late teens and early twenties, it was a waste of time lying to Mycroft because I had done so for years and he was masterful at discerning when I was lying, which was nearly all the time. Now I’ve reached that happy stage when I’ve lied so much, and lived a fairly interesting life, so it’s difficult for him to tell when I am lying or not. For example, I was once stalked for six days by female twins with a bipolar disorder who were convinced I was the anti-Christ. They were the nieces of a man I was investigating. They followed me everywhere, whispering. If I turned around to ask them to go away, they’d hold up a small crucifix or splash me with holy water. “Can you hear it sizzle?” one would say to the other.
John bites his lip. It’s strangling him, this ropey snarl of fears and doubts, and at its beating heart gasps his conviction that Sherlock is his. He wants to tell him and he can’t bear to tell him because it could mean rejection and that, John believes, would be fatal.
They’re talking about ghosts. Greg is accompanying John and Sherlock to the Scotland Yard Archive depository in Barnes. John explained Jenny’s story as he drives the rented vehicle.
On this cold Friday night, with just under nine miles between them, John is trying to rouse himself from the floor.
Sherlock's eyes are wild. He cannot fathom how the most obvious things appear as clouds to the rest of the world.
Sherlock sits sadly in his arm chair, arm extended in the best representation of a gun he can make, shooting imaginary bullets at the wall. He blames the custard coloured M16 agent for this entirely unsatisfactory imitation of shooting up the wall that is actually exacerbating his boredom.
It's someone birthday. It's always someone's birthday, there's always cake. John sits in the tea room with everyone else, marvelling at how easy they are with each other, envying their ability to live like this and find happiness in the quiet and predictable.
To this day he remembers that awful week as a mess of violence and misery that culminated in having to sit quietly in the funeral for forty minutes, when all he wanted was to scream and break things, to see his friend again.
It's everything, it's nothing. He's moved house, got a job - done everything his therapist suggested - and all of these things are making him worse.
“This is not how this conversation is supposed to go. I’m trying to think of something romantic like that bird might do and you’re being obtuse.”
The dog is led around the yard, but finds nothing. Sherlock suggests that perhaps she is buried under the concrete slab that is now parking for two or three cars, but John consults the plans and sees the slab was put in place in 1969.
Julia turns her face away, annoyed, and moves her mask to one side. “She disappeared. No one knows what happened to her. Leave me alone. Can’t you see I’m sick?”
I couldn’t move and my reluctance to comply aggravated him further. He took a step towards me and Albion started his low grade wail, no doubt distressed by how tightly I held him. I wondered if I could get to the door, and tried desperately to calculate how far I’d have to run. My brain helpfully provided simultaneous memories of John Watson telling me how frequently he’d attended village homes that had been bombed, how frequently he’d rolled over a fatally wounded adult victim on their back, only to find a dead child helplessly and inadequately sheltered underneath.
John travels by tube and takes the last ten minutes of his journey by foot. When he arrives at the hospital he finds Sherlock, who had read all the messages on John's phone weeks ago, already waiting for him with a nurse in the main foyer.
“He has supper at about eight, and then sleeps for a couple of hours, then he likes to cry for most of the night.”
Albion got a clean bill of health and Doctor Watson signed the blue form with a flourish. That should have been the end of the visit but Ms Powers was determined to make sure that today would not be a complete waste of time.
“You were born with your eyes open, watching everything. See how happy Sherlock is when you looked at him?”
“I propose we start at the beginning. It’s clear we haven’t got much idea how to manage this so we should approach our congress as if we were teenagers and learn as we go.”
John Watson, first in his class in anatomy for two years running, has realised his life has come to a complete standstill. He's walking back to the tube after therapy, pondering the insurmountable wall he seems wedged up against these days. His leg hurts, his hand shudders uncontrollably, he can't sleep unless the light is on, he never has a night of unbroken sleep, he can't adjust to civilian life, he is bored to the core. It's going to be like this forever.
Molly is as interesting and kindly as Mrs Hudson but more law abiding. She’s not dull, though. She is incredibly perceptive. Doctor Eddie would say she has an extremely high emotional intelligence. Which she has.
I wasn’t too worried. I thought I could look after him in this very early stage and she might be inclined to mother him when he started talking and engaging with his surroundings.
His climax starts as a speck out on the horizon that comes towards him at a glacial pace, swelling gradually and then bearing down on him like the heaviest clouds. He draws his knees up but still the hand is still slow, so slow as the tiny vessels contract and squeeze inside him and he looks to Sherlock who is watching with adoring eyes and fuck, oh fuck, he tips his face back as he's caught in the extraordinary storm that Sherlock has conjured. It's relentless and lights up along every nerve ending, he feels like he will come for hours. When the lights start to die he looks up at Sherlock smiling; his heart splits and he falls so deeply in love he is certain he will never find his way out.
Sherlock sighs. “I’m not going to win this, am I? Tell me who you’d rather be and I’ll be the other. Although obviously I should be the owl.”
It’s those memories that put the sad shades in Sherlock’s eyes. He walks back to his room and closes the door to dress.
Who would want a boyfriend like me, he thinks miserably. I’ve never had proper sex. I wouldn’t know how to initiate proper sex with someone. I am a rubbish gay man. I don’t even know how to kiss someone I like.
“This is Albion,” I said crisply. “Albion – this is Uncle Mycroft. I will give you all his credit card details when you’re old enough to shop on-line.”
While the war raged in the kitchen, Albion and I were on the floor, sorting plastic fish. I liked to arrange them in the colours of the rainbow (starting with violet), Albion liked to arrange them by sucking them. I believe he designated his arrangements by the texture of the fish on his gums. As a result, each fish was glazed with baby spit, which I find interesting. His saliva is very pure, clear and thin as fresh sap. It made his little mouth look even more red.
“No, seriously, Sherlock. We’ve evolved to eat our young and kill of any competitors. If you were an ape and Albion didn’t look familiar to you,  you’d kill him and possibly eat him.”
“Why? What are they going to do? There’s nothing wrong with me. I’m an accountant at a good firm, I go to the gym – I have  a normal life, except this is actually happening, and I don’t -  all I know is that the child seems to be in trouble, and I can’t reach her.”
“His health, Mr Holmes. I need to hold him for a minute so we can check he doesn’t have any bruises or marks.”
(They had not progressed beyond this. It was clear that they both wanted to discuss details of their respective military careers but refused to do so until one silently acknowledge the other was in charge.
At work the next day John, a focused man who also loves agendas, spent his lunch hour watching instructive videos on You Tube. On the way home he stopped at a large Boots chemist and picked up some supplies. He made a final stop at Waitrose and bought some pasta and vegetables. As far as he was concerned, part of his brief in keeping Sherlock happy included keeping Sherlock fed. Unfortunately he forgot about the dead pelican until it was too late.
Emotions in the group are mixed. Mike speaks to his son quietly– ignore them, just ignore them – while Molly stares with great distaste. Lestrade wants to pull them into line but knows what a fine line he walks in addressing three unaccompanied children. John wants to smack the three of them around the head and make them do one hundred push ups each.
“Victims of armed robberies are very susceptible to PTSD,” John notes rightly. “It’s extremely distressing to be threatened with a gun.”
“I’m going to ask you one final time, for the record – are you certain you want to give up your rights as Albion’s parent?”
“How much organization does it need?” John wants to know over breakfast a few days later. “Can’t we just go to Chelsea Town Hall and sign the papers?”
He bickers with her for a few seconds. John is quite fascinated by her rudeness and impressed with Sherlock's complete indifference to it. Detective Donovan is snarky but starts to concede; Sherlock loses interest and waits for John to enter too. Detective Donovan announces his arrival into her radio.
Sherlock puts his nose in the air and speaks in his most haughty voice. “At this stage Lestrade, I wouldn’t even read it if I saw it on the front page of the paper,” although that’s not strictly true. “You’re going to have to provide me with more details – preferably fascinating ones – if you’d like my assistance. Otherwise, I am certain that even your stumbling troupe could sort it out.” He looks back down at his toes and wriggles them a little. They really do look like tiny scraps of a glorious night sky.
Mycroft leaned over to tap Albion’s chin. “Oh, look at you, Detective Albion, all calm and carefree after your first hostage incident.”
Surprisingly, Eurus settled quite well in Switzerland, largely due to Rudy’s immaculate planning, and Mycroft’s tender care of Sherlock. It turned out that Iris had a lovely apartment in Zurich, and the Holmes family stayed there for three months while Eurus undertook a battery of tests and quizzes at Ludwig’s clinic.
“I was murderous. I’ve never felt like it in my life. I hope I never do again.  I was so angry at Mary, so angry at him, and so angry at myself.” John took his hand away from Albion and jammed his eyes shut to keep the anger from coming back.
John shudders, teeth clenched and when his body stills he realises he has ejaculated without actually penetrating Shona but it makes no difference because she seems to have passed out.
“Great idea putting the baby upstairs,” Lestrade said to me with his casual grin. “Be perfect when he’s a teenager.”
“There’s more. I was hearing this, quite clearly, so I got up, had a glass of water and thought that maybe someone outside had the music on their car or something.”
After the game they had to inch carefully along with the crowd until they reached the front gates. Ryan and Mike had travelled by train and would be walking a mile or two to Richmond to avoid the crowds at the Twickenham train station.
"I'm Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard There have been some disturbing international developments since you've been away. Doctor Watson is now required by Interpol to undertake a number of top secret investigations in Belgium. He has to leave immediately."
“Every night,” she says, anguished. “I’m running through this old factory kind of place, and I can hear this little girl singing, and then she says, “I’m in here. I’ve lost my shoe.”
There would be lots of poems over the ensuing years, all of which John kept in his little folder, and all of which he’d read again and again, but none he loved so much as the as the one he got later that day.
"I actually like my pizza lukewarm," John tells him as they sit in the tangle of bed clothes a little while later.
Babies are not straightforward. They actually arrive with little personalities all ready to go, and you have to get to know them. I had no idea. Until I met Albion, I thought they were just little unformed transports that developed personalities as they grew.
It’s an old favourite: Sherlock loves to hear the symptoms and deduce the circumstances of the illness John treats. John loves to correct or concur. It is something from the old days, one of the things they had before everything flew off the roof of St Barts.
“You’re right. The heart is in fact a muscle and made of very dense fibre. The Woodsman would need to have a steady hand. John Watson could trim a heart. He is a doctor and a soldier and my best friend. If there were boars in London, and John Watson has come home, you won’t ever have to worry about being attacked or indeed anything because he will fight to the death to protect you.
Detective Inspector Lestrade made a point of dropping by weekly, ostensibly to check on the cold cases but in reality to see me doing something related to parenting. He was a little like those people who stand at pet shop windows and watch mice run in wheels.
“I want to know everything you can tell me about the day Mariah disappeared. Everything, from the time you woke up, until you went to sleep that night.”
“You really are rather brilliant, aren’t you?” Sherlock says when his toenails are done. They glow like the under side of a rook’s wing.
“I collected them over the last couple of days, all except the swan.” He holds up a long elegant feather the exact shade as shaved ice. “Professor Cowan gave me that one last week. He had some spare swallow feathers too, but I was actually able to get a couple of them myself. Have you ever seen a swallow’s nest, John? They’re an engineering marvel, considering they’re made almost wholly with their beaks.”
"It's so hard to find the right kind of cat for a place like this," the Head of Therapy says over the yowling. "Young cats are too skittish, old cats need too much care."
John sees strange houses as Sherlock does, but instead of clues he looks for danger. Is someone concealing a brutal knife? Has a person been hurt here? He is alert and expectant.
The first scene shows Mycroft, aged ten, and Sherlock, aged nearly three, waving excitedly from the door step of their grand ancient house.
He  holds  Sherlock's  shoulder  for  balance  when he's  finishes,  gently squeezing the  thick muscles there.
Eurus reached over her mother, squeezed Sherlock’s hand again, and whispered, “Cry all you want.” And for the first time since infancy, she cried too.
Jenny’s telling the truth. She wakes up from the same dream every night. It takes a few moments for her heart to attain resting rate when she wakes, and  when it does, she looks to the clock at the side of her bed with miserable resignation. It is 2.57am, the same time it is every time this recurring nightmare wakes her.
A short time later Sherlock is still on his knees, pressing soft kisses against the deflating penis and rubbing his lips gently on the foreskin. John combs the thick curls with his fingers and smiles with great contentment. He feels handsome, admired, immersed in love, all these things separately and tangled at once.
“She’s an old sick woman who no longer cares what she says,” Sherlock counters. “She said the one thing that was not made public – that the child lost a shoe. Why would she say that? Why not say ‘I don’t remember”, or “I don’t care” ?”
John, horribly self conscious of his leg that jammed shut and will no longer bend without a scatter gun spray of agony, suddenly can't face walking past people who appear as a kind of audience, gawking from the front row as he struggles on a cane. He turns left and walks the long way around to the tube.
"Nope. no one saw anything. Person like the Broken Beer Bottle Murderer would have to had enemies though, maybe they followed him here...not much to go on, unfortunately."
John’s face is still. “I don’t know what to say to that, except I can’t see how having a pelican corpse is supposed to honour that.”
Such a prospect is enchanting to Sherlock here on his living room floor, entirely naked with another naked man, eating lukewarm pizza. "Human head in the fridge. I win."
After my family left, I settled Albion down for the afternoon and made him a promise: that he would know, every day of his life, how much his father loved him, and not, some time in his thirties, have to guess that maybe he might.
"Good morning Mrs Hudson. Most fortuitous that you should drop in now. This is Doctor Watson. He's going to move in to help me with the rent."
Sherlock has gone into a bit of a haze and takes a few seconds to realise exactly what John is asking. "Certainly. Of course. I have a couch."
“Oh bugger!” He has twenty minutes to get to Kensington to speak with his bank about closing a joint account. “I have to go. So – see you all Saturday week, except you” –and he taps Sherlock’s shoulder gently – “I’ll see you at home, then.”
In the absence of John Watson, I became the very kind of person I despised for nearly two minutes – one entirely enchanted and influenced by fleeting moments of sentimentality. I sent pictures to Mycroft, Lestrade and Molly. I even thought about starting a Facebook account to post pictures there, but that urge only lasted about four seconds.
It was 8.15 in the morning. John and Anya were staring each other down as Albion was being prepared for a walk to the park.
We were all quiet as I slipped him under the frame. Albion looked at me, and then watched as John Watson leaned over and gently tapped one of the dangling toys.
I read the card four times, going over every pen stroke for any sign that he was coming home. However, it is John’s great gift (one of his great gifts) that he can say virtually nothing while making you think he has fully appraised you of a situation. All I knew is that he was planning on flying to Madagascar soon.
“Oh, hello, gorgeous boy! Aren’t you just exactly like your dad!” Sally tapped his little apple cheek and elicited a tiny shy smile. “He’s the living image of you, Sherlock! He’s just beautiful. Is he dressed like John on purpose?”
Sherlock looks Jeremy over carefully and sees it for what it is. “Straight Boy Pain,” he concludes, and for the first time Jeremy looks up.
There's the broken bottle, held high by the other man with the sparkling lethal shards pointing at Sherlock.
In the taxi on the way to the warehouse Sherlock is wholly focused on the new crime scene; their only conversation is about the latest development.
Sherlock catches a quick glimpse of the Sig; his data gathering is complete and ready for harvesting.
Mummy was grateful to feel both children safe and warm with her. She could barely think about Victor, because the loss of a child was too gruesome a subject to contemplate.
His voice ruptures and grief surrounds them. “Then you just disappeared somewhere and made fucking soda bread and poached bloody eggs!”
The trip to Putney in the morning traffic takes a little over 60 minutes. They include the two bouts of congested traffic in their calculations, agree that they could not even guess the route Julia might have taken that morning, and with only minor arguments, decide it would have taken her about 35 minutes.
That night, after his successful squirrel poem, he is burying his face deep in John’s crotch, inhaling the heavy smokey scent of his balls and rubbing his cheek along the delicate Watson shaft. John’s moans are short and deep; his movement gives away a lot more than his voice.
“Am I making you feel better, my love?” John eased fingers inside me, something he had done before but now he wasn’t hesitating. It was ownership and the confidence that comes with it. Yes, I could barely whisper, much better. Faster. Harder. The words were on my tongue, not forming as precisely as I wished, but he heard and pushed harder, then moved his mouth down to suck me while the pads of his fingers nudged my prostrate and little puffs of stars were there when I jammed my eyes shut. Fingers and mouth, it was like splashing petrol on a fire and then he stopped very suddenly and rose on his knees, kneeling over me, pushing his cock against my lips. Do me, do me now and as I sucked him I could hear him grunting, feel him turning and burying his face back in me, sucking me and timing it perfectly so that I came just seconds after him.
As it was, I stayed awake until 5am watching him and taking notes and providing a bottle when he yelled at me, then I fell asleep next to his new crib and didn’t wake until he started squalling at 8.13.
Something in Sherlock snaps. It’s gone on too long. Fraud and deception are fine with people you don’t care about but this – it will strangle every lovely thing they have. “What is this about?”
“I’d come here this evening to discuss some minor business with you but your circumstances render any such thing impossible. I’ll come back tomorrow morning at about 8am.”
The change in John's body is instant; his muscles tense, he sits up on his elbow, his face turned away in shame.
“See how loved you were? From the very beginning, we all thought you were the most beautiful and most wonderful person we would ever know.”
“So from Gatwick, it would have taken her about fifty minutes to get here after she dropped off her boss.”
I actually felt all right. I’m not one to dwell on how good or bad something might have been. This afternoon had been traumatic, but we were safe, and Albion was unharmed and sleeping soundly. In any case I had other things I wanted to discuss with John.
No matter how stiff the memory is now, it still aches when she considers how Mariah lost her shoe, how hard she must have struggled.
He also sat through his first violin recital, when I played Mozart’s variations of Ah Vous, Dirais-je, Maman for him while he lay in his cot. John Watson correctly identified this as Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
“The law doesn’t require birds’ deaths to be recorded by the coroner, John.  And when I say dead birds I mean a pelican. A dead one. And it’s not in the fridge yet.”
Sherlock sails in to full blown diva. "I don't know! Maybe they don't generate enough business. Maybe they don't make enough money. Maybe - oh!" Sherlock's stills mid flight as the probable cause emerges from the shadows and he swings around in a full circle. "That's it!"
John, it transpires, was correct, and Lestrade forbids Sherlock to do anything before he can get there with a youth liaison officer.
John, whose longest relationship clocks in at just under eight months, has slept on a total of seven floors in four different countries. Five, if you include Wales.
“No. It was as if I had tuned into a radio station – you know how it can be a little fuzzy until you get the right station? – and then I heard her singing.”
He hasn't eaten properly for weeks, and that's making him tired. He drops his clothes on the floor and curls up to sleep. The bad dreams start almost immediately, and once again he wakes up in jumps and starts, his skin slimy and hot, his mind clouded with the images of the people he loved or didn't know but couldn't save regardless, all the people he leaned over and watched bleed to death or choke or whose heart shuddered and jerked to a stand still under the stress of colossal pain, of himself bleeding to death in a stinking dry field in blistering heat, wondering if anyone was going to save him and if they did, would it be of any purpose.
"Well, she's bled out, one - no, two - wounds, one to her jugular, one to the carotid artery." John gingerly turns the still face to look at the wounds more closely. "Jugular and carotid," he confirms. "Very deep." He can feel her skin cooling under his fingers and her limbs are loose. "She's only been dead for a couple of hours, rigor mortis hasn't set in yet."
“Made it at school in metalwork.” Jeremy barely whispers. At Lestrade’s insistence Jeremy fetches his weapon and places it on the table. It is a replica, nothing more. It has no shooting mechanisms.
The eccles cakes were good. I ate one that night in bed while I timed the space between the snores of my next door neighbour, and at the other one the next  night when the oil had rendered the bag transparent.
Sherlock is straining to see how the varnish looks on his toes.” I didn’t know you had a foot fetish.”
Charlotte and the Warlock are in the kitchen. They've only been back for a few hours but already the house harbours that unmistakable stench of careless sex.
“Mr Holmes is right, “ Greg says. “We have to talk to her first, but before we do, we have to call her. We can’t just turn up. She needs to be prepared. I can get one of our victim liaison officers to call her. They’re great at reducing any expectation. And we can’t let on that someone had a dream about a kid that might be her daughter. We just have to say we’re re-examining the case.”
Sherlock is about to apologise, to remind John that he loves little Watson as much as John does, but there is no need. John knows and now, here on the floor after so many years of grief and trauma and fights and resolution,  there is no purpose in rehashing that. There is only one person who wants to keep Rosie safe with the same combative fierceness that John does, only one person who sees no inconvenience in bath time, cutting manageable little sandwiches, holding the grumpy toddler until she sleeps and balancing these tedious tasks with his own life.
Billy obligingly lifts up his standard issue ash coloured shirt and looks around the surgery while John pushes the bell of his stethoscope around the old bony chest. He hears a healthy heart that thrums loud and strong.
“So caring, even for my son, is a disadvantage? Jesus, Mycroft. Could you not even pretend to have some empathy?” My voice hitched when I spoke.
It is difficult to get Eurus’s trust, but the thought of having a game that Victor and Sherlock might like – well, it’s irresistible. She changes her clothes.
I gave them the expurgated version – the shots of his feet, hands, his perfect rosy mouth and a couple of photos of him smiling.
My parents stood side by side, getting ready to stare at me like they did when I was sent home from school for burning down one of the science labs, which had been an accident. (And it was for the best. The science labs were hopelessly dated, and losing one provided a very handsome insurance payment that meant that all four junior labs were rebuilt and updated. I waited six years for a thank you and got nothing.)
“You’re the love of my life. If you want to know how I feel about you coming home and living with us, that is my only answer.”
“True.” John tapped one of the plastic fish. “But the really surprising thing is how well you’ve managed.”
The unwashed man laughed. “Do you know how many favours I would be owed in prison if I told every one how I killed your kid?”
Sally Donovan, a sergeant who mostly wishes me dead or imprisoned, was most appreciative and a bit resentful. I knew this because she didn’t say anything for a few moments.
“No, just her mobile, She never said where she lived, but I think she works in an office in Leicester Square. But we can’t call her – what would we say?”
He limps over to his desk and sits down at his laptop, connects his phone and pastes the picture of the bird onto a blank document. After some deliberation he writes
I’m rather partial to a good sulk myself. I anticipate that if Albion is prone to stamping, door-slamming sulks, they will be exactly like mine.
Sounds, flavours and touches rise like a storm and engulf Sherlock at a ferocious pace. He tries to wade through all the new information, gathering it up by the armfuls as John’s arms wind right around him and their bodies can get no closer. Only then does Sherlock understand that it makes no difference how much he knows about the organic structure of saliva or the anatomy of the tongue and it’s place in the digestive process – facts have no place here. All this warmth and tenderness and pleasure cannot be quantified or measured against anything because there isn’t anything like it.
There’s bread and wine and the bouillabaisse is rich and tasty. They talk about the ailments John’s seen today and a case Sherlock has been reading about, one that he thinks John should join him on tomorrow.
A tall girl with beautiful eyes, a kind smile and a bright brown ponytail walks past them.. She nods with shy courtesy at John and makes her way to Sherlock, who is looking at some new petrie dishes. They're a little wider than the old ones, and have slightly raised edges to stop spillage.
“No I don’t. He didn’t do anything wrong, just went to where the police sent him. It’s that awful man you should be telling off.”
While Caroline leaves no stone unturned as she describes the intricate plot of Game of Thrones, John does some calculations of his own. He can’t work out where he went wrong. He has no idea as to how he might attract Sherlock and thought that if he could provoke him sufficiently, emotional contact might ensue from a confrontation. John could then assess if Sherlock really did love him as much he started to suspect he might. If they could have an argument about his dates and then make up, John could admit his feelings.
He puts the box in the staff tearoom at St Barts. Molly writes TOXIC DO NOT OPEN THIS BOX UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE on the lid in audible green ink.
On this dull Tuesday morning a very glamorous older woman holding a box from a local patisserie, accompanied by an unbelievable wild-haired older man who clutched a mobile phone, stood at their front door.
Mrs Hudson leans over a little to get a closer look. “What beautiful colour! It really suits you. What it’s called?”
Sherlock grimaced inwardly. Reverting to the unloved and unloving man he had once been seemed out of his skill set now. That’s the problem with love, Sherlock realised. Once you’ve had a taste it’s impossible not to look forward to the next hit. It is indeed a chemical imbalance, not unlike that of narcotic dependence.
“Oh, and I just remembered that I didn’t tell you why they called her Snow White but you’re asleep now. Still. The Queen – the real one, not the fool who couldn’t stop staring at her self in the mirror – pricked her finger and dripped some blood on the snow, and told the air that she wanted a daughter just like that – white and red. Which is ridiculous.
He walked through the possibilities up in his mind but wiped them one by one as he assessed their faults.
Mycroft, true to his word, had our application listed the next day. Both John and I wore a suit; Albion was wearing his best cashmere jumper, a little pair of navy blue corduroy pants and smart teal socks. John even managed to comb his hair back.
In his mind he sees the marks on Sherlock’s back, freshly laid, wet and glittering with blood and sweat.
But she rocked him, the woman, rocked him the way tidal waves rock the delicate ecologies of sea beds. It was not just her naked skin, dull and smooth like clotted creamed contrasted with the coal black of her hair and pubic hair and contrasted again with the ruby smear of her painted mouth and her small nipples which would disappear entirely under a curious thumb tip. It wasn't her coy smile or even the heady waves of Patou's 1000, the most complex and extravagant perfume ever created, that radiated from the thin tight skin on the nape of her neck and clung in small thin clouds in her hair.
"No," Matron says. We've had three therapy cats since I've been here and I've never heard that any of the patients have been distressed or hostile in any way to the them. Through here, now, the next room on your left."
While I sorted all this, John went to the bathroom and washed his hands, then took the stairs to Albion two at a time.
It wasn't even that she had successfully second-guessed him because everyone had been trying to that do that to him since as far back as he could remember, although it was that a little bit, because she second guessed him very well, with her slim legs and the breasts that, if she walked to you, lips parted and anticipating, would sway gently until you cupped them to stillness in your hand.
Mummy gave me her warmest, kindest smile, the one I get only when I’ve been exceptionally impressive. “And just look at this little sweetheart. He couldn’t be better cared for.”
John has half decided that he simply can't live with a warlock and a cat who clearly has behavioural problems, but the walk to the room is a long one - especially so on a cane - and does seem to provide some separation from the rest of the house. He is certain he could have nightmares here in peace.
We all have our gifts. Mine, I’m happy to say, is the gift of writing, borne out of love for pencils that my Uncle gifted me when I was tiny. He still brings me pencils, and this Christmas just past gave me a Tiffany pencil, tiny and slender and dainty, suspended from a chain that I can wear every day.
"Now both things - the orders and your surroundings - are failing you horribly and there is no feasible solution, certainly not one your therapist was able to give you. So you stopped going back and, not surprisingly grew more depressed. Yet last night you were sufficiently diverted to lose a psychosomatic limp then act with enormous courage and great skill in a stressful situation. You got me into a public hospital and treated me without raising anyone's suspicion. You did that because you knew you could, and because you enjoyed doing it, despite what you might say to anyone else. You then attended a gruesome crime scene that obviously affected you emotionally but didn't affect your ability to plan and execute - so to speak - a very thorough back up plan for me. I'd wager your pulse didn't increases a beat when you shot that man. Afterwards you walked away unnoticed and if it weren't for my impossible meddling brother I might not have seen you again."
John is just about to speak to the old man - who is engrossed with his phone - when Sherlock almost runs up the hall, hurriedly tying his gown closed. Little crystals of water fly from his hair; John can smell the classy scent of his soap on his freshly washed skin.
He turns to sneer at the wall - which will get it come uppence one day - and is blown clear across the room.
“No, he’s just naturally angry, like a highland terrier. He really loved the flat. He kept looking around and I wanted him to say yes so badly. I’m never like that with people. I didn’t even need a flatmate. I don’t know why I chose him. I just liked him when I saw him.”
And when you do, you effectively proclaim yourselves as an sovereign country. You rule your love together. No one can disrupt it. I thought I would roar at the top of my lungs as he encouraged me, sucking me so strongly I had to lift my pelvis to keep up with him and when he freed me quite suddenly I gasped in bitter disappointment only to feel his strong hand take my hips and turn me over so I was caging him, taking sobs of breath as he whispered I want to see you come, and I want you to see me too, then guiding my hand to grasp his cock, easing me down against him so we were rubbing off against one another, our hands linked as we pulled each other to the brink, helplessly watching each other desperate for nothing more than the touch of each other and I bowed before it, pushed over the edge by the intensity of the feeling as much as his magnificent touch and while I was helpless I could see him stumbling over the same line, his mouth open, his tongue soft on his lips, his eyes heavy and adoring. I could see it. I could feel it. It was all there, in those perfect blue eyes.
On hearing this Rhonda stopped in her tracks, turned her sour face and stared at John with rigid concentration. It was endearing for a few seconds, and Charlie said, "Oh look! She likes you!" and then it was a little unnerving and when more than a minute passed it was outright weird.
"That's not what I'm asking. I had a tetanus shot two years ago. You only need them every ten years."
Amarita, five foot four in her stockings and dainty like a dancer, pats both her tall sons on their shoulders. "Sherlock, don't be beastly. Do come and have dinner with me, both of you."
He shook his head. “I had to go, Sherlock, or else I’d be in prison too. I would have killed him. I wanted to kill him.”
It is possible they would have lived like this forever - Sherlock trying to nest, John ever-ready to take flight – if  they had not stumbled on a way forward.
“He’s very beautiful, Sherlock,” Molly said as she carefully handed my son back. Albion had calmed down now and still had his dreamy little eyes open, waiting patiently for me to do something else that would make him cry.
“How much have you robbed so far?” Sherlock asks. Something about Jeremy is very familiar and making him apprehensive.
They had, for the first time in living memory, surprised me. I honestly expected them to be more interested in berating me than holding Albion. Instead they spent their entire visit taking photographs and working out ways to steal him from each other. My mother won, but that is because she is more wily than my father. Also, my father defers to her continuously.
“Well, you guys investigate things. I thought maybe you might know about a child who has disappeared, or maybe something happened in the flat and you can, you know, have ways of finding out what happened so maybe I can, I don’t know, go to sleep without hearing this kid.”
Office after office - it’s a depressing dead end. The interior offers no clues, or any kind of indication, as to how or where a child’s body might be concealed.
Sherlock pulls him down on the bed and kisses him again, deeper, his hands insistent, kneading at John’s back, turned on by the density of the muscles there, aware of the enthusiasm of John’s response, curious and surprised as their erections bump together through their trousers.
John nods, tongue soft on his bottom lip. “The poem,” he says quickly, and Sherlock understands. He lets John’s hand guide him around the zip, lets John press his fingers over his cock, squeezing gently around the celebrated tip.
“Definitely not. I outrank her, and she knows it. As soon as she acknowledges my seniority, we can talk. Until then, I’ll continue to stare her down.”
“I have no idea,” Molly says meekly. “And even if I did I wouldn’t tell you. It’s going to be a surprise.”
“Smells nice,” is all he says as Sherlock smears the waxy cream over John and then his own shaft. They gently fit their body together, pushing together slowly. The conditioner surpasses John’s expectations.
“No marks on his arms,” the Doctor confirmed as he lifted Albion’s vest. “That’s quite a six pack you’ve got there, little man! Clear on his chest. Sit up for me, darling, I’m just going to have a look at your back. There, that’s the way. No marks on his shoulders or back.”
Sherlock shuffles his feet slightly. This is unexpected. “Well, probably since the day we met, but I actually realised it at your wedding, although when I thought about it afterwards I remembered I really felt it the day I’d had bartitsu training and you had your first fight with the chip and pin machine.”
I had entered what I now refer to as the dead zone of my life. I had been hospitalised for months so coming home was a little like holidays from boarding school: you can’t believe your sudden freedom yet you can’t quite get out of the routine you’d been instructed to follow all term.
John shrugs his shoulders. He knows what he likes but doesn’t like to think about it too much. “Probably. Look, I don’t know quite what to say here Sherlock, except I have very strong feelings for you and have done for a long time. And if I’ve caused you pain, I like the opportunity to  - you know, make you better.”
Ordinarily Sherlock hates this type of fuss and will actively obstruct anyone who seeks to assist him with any kind of health care. Tonight his face aches a little, and in any case he doesn't mind being in the centre of John's orbit for a while.
We had not been on a case together for more than two years but we knew exactly what to do as soon as we got there. The victim had been removed, but the blood spatter was in place and Lestrade gave us full access to the crime scene photographs. I measured each spatter pattern. John paced the length and width of the room. We calculated roughly where each suspect stood, and compared our calculations with the pictures of their blood stained clothes.
“Well, that would certainly cause this kind of a wound,” Molly answers. “ Or was pushed and hit her head on a wall. Anyway, it was merciful. She’s probably frozen to death, and it’s my guess she didn’t wake up after she hit her head.”
This Julia, the right Julia, is now a patient in the North London Hospice in Finchley. Mycroft has attached a couple of NHS claims for the patient, enough for John to deduce that she now has emphysema and is in the final stages of her life.
Then he texted Mycroft back and said he'd go to dinner if Mycroft picked him up and took him back home.
head. Sherlock watches carefully as John is hunted in his sleep and when it gets too gruesome to watch, says out loud, "I think there's going to be rain in Sussex tomorrow."
“We’re trying to,” says Greg, who knows better than most how to diffuse public interest. “These cases can be difficult, but we’ll let you know if anything comes up.”
But great cleverness doesn't guarantee you perfect performances in every area of life: Amarita is a lousy cook, an appalling accountant, an irresponsible driver, can't carry a tune, fails to keep up with daily news, can't remember people's names, phone numbers or where she put her keys, is uninterested in ironing, indifferent to housework generally and was frankly a pretty disinterested mother, at least until her boys had grown up, left home and started fending for themselves.
John looked relieved. Albion, who was starting to display the precision timing demonstrated by circus acrobats, started crying, possibly because I wasn’t allowed to mess with the paint.
He's crossed the road and about to walk through the park - there might be squirrels, and squirrels always make you feel better - when he spies a soft plump man sitting on a bench in amongst the trees. Other people are walking along the path or chatting in pairs on other benches, enjoying the watery Spring sunshine.
“Well, you’ve never had a filofax or any kind of paper diary in the time I’ve known you, so I had to eliminate the unlikely to work out where you’d leave it.” Sherlock takes John through the myriad of possibilities available to him in the disposal of loose diary pages.
“We’re down at the park with Albion. We’d have to bring him if we came. Yeah, not sure. Is it safe? Okay. Can you hang on? I’ll just ask Sherlock.” John held the phone away from his mouth. “Lestrade wants us to come and have a look at the containers.”
“No,” I said. “After Albion was born, I paid Adrienne a sum of money to compensate her for the time she was out of the work force, and to assist her with living expenses after the birth. There was no third party.”
When he gets to the surgery, he unpacks a few things from his bag that he likes to have close – his silver pen, his phone, an apple. The filofax is tucked into a small pocket by itself deep in his bag. He strokes the top of the small folder and once again John is struck by the incongruity of Sherlock writing poetry for him. It’s just so … romantic. John expected a lot of things from his relationship with Sherlock, but not this. Not sentiment, not this earnest interest in wooing him.
John is looking at the wound with careful fingers. Its healing is slow, and he thinks some air will assist.
The little dog, who has sat near Mrs Best and watched as John changed the bandage, has now trotted over to Sherlock and sniffed around Rosie. She watches cautiously from the safety of his lap, and Sherlock, without realising it, gently pats her back.
It was fitting that Albion’s first ever excursion would be to St Bart’s, where I spend a lot of time using the forensics lab and, more importantly, where I first met John Watson.
Albion was already bored with my parents. He didn’t even bother opening his eyes when I opened the door.
Both the good doctor and I expected Albion’s crying to reach peak capacity when he was introduced to his nursery, but surprisingly he slept for six hours straight on his first night in his own room.
John is looking at the map in front of 17 Beechers Road in Enfield, where Mariah lost her shoe and disappeared. Sherlock is crouched on the footpath a few steps from him, looking at the spot where Mariah’s shoe was found.
"It doesn't matter. He's happy. You're happy. Anthea or whatever she calls herself this week is happy. I'm texting Mycroft that Mummy came to visit with cake and he missed out so I'm very happy. Why are you getting worked up over this?"
Sadly it was just a gas leak, and not a fiendishly clever explosion cleverly designed to look like the kind of explosion a gas leak might cause but that would be apparent to a genius, or a very competent forensic pyrotechnic expert, to be an act of deliberate sabotage.
John recognises the name immediately. Amarita is, of course., legendary amongst any doctor who has trained in London in the last thirty years. "Professor Crisp!" he says excitedly. "You were one of my examiners in third year for general cardiology!"
“Possibly. But there’s a lot of money at stake. I think, if there’s fight, it would be about the final division of funds.”
When Rosie returns, she is cranky and in need of a nap. John has read twenty four files, and put three on the possible pile. They tell tragic stories, and have made him very vulnerable to any threat to Rosie’s happiness and wellbeing. Sherlock watches as John cooes and soothes the grumpy child as best he can, taking her to what used to be his room but is now called the big girl’s room. She is asleep before John gets to the stairs.
“Only interesting things,” I clarified. “Albion and I are going to have a cup of tea. Will you join us, Inspector?” (I didn’t ask John because the question is redundant. John Watson always wants a cup of tea. It is one of his factory settings.)
Lestrade graciously agreed to be their designated driver. He collects John and Sherlock just after five, and the three swung by to Molly’s place to collect her along the way.
He wants to leave the job but has no idea where to go or what he should do. He longs to bark orders at nurses, make urgent decisions about blood loss, stent split arteries and monitor lung capacities but it seems all he is good for now is to work for another pharmaceutical company
Anderson calls, seemingly about some insignificant administrative issue. Lestrade waits wearily for the inevitable question.
Albion and I both peered at the tins. He wasn’t so interested, but only because he doesn’t know how to separate paint with simple acids, nor how to add droplets of paint to fatty tissue and time the rate of absorption.
From John’s answers, I was able to work out that Lestrade and another detective, Sally Donovan, were at the warehouse, inspecting containers connected to the case we assisted on earlier in the day.
"I'm still there! And Lenny, tell me, did the council ever come and do something about the phone box?"
Sherlock helps until his eggs are ready. While he eats, Mrs Hudson drops by. “Hello John! Hello, Rosie!”
"I don't know. Forget all that. You know, I think I have some kind of shot concussion. Just forget it." Lestrade calls after him but Sherlock's gone, yelling over his shoulder that he'll call tomorrow, making his way to John before Mycroft breaks him.
“There’s a cellar. It says cellar – there’s a cellar under this thing.”  John starts to circle the pagoda again, around and around, looking for an entry, any kind of vent or opening, but Sherlock stamps the ground near the concrete base and finds it first, a metal door overgrown with weeds and dirt, and jammed closed with a chain and two padlocks embedded in soil.
John shakes his head. “No. All you have to know is that is nothing like your speech, and that I’m saying nice things.”
“Jesus Christ, your insensitivity is  - it’s legendary. That you would do this – that you would even think of making me…”
“They were going to extradite her to the States. At least eleven counts of murder, all over the world. Probably more. If she ever gets out over there, she’ll go straight to prison somewhere else.”
“Shut your mouth!” the enraged father spits. “My son is not a bully and you certainly have no right to speak to him like this!
John stretched awkwardly. It was clear his shoulder was starting to hurt. In any case, the light was fading and he, like all good English men, would be wanting supper soon.
When they get to the café John stands in front the table to remove his coat; Sherlock glances quickly at the neatly zipped package of John’s jeans. It was a fleeting thing, not designed to provoke a reaction but when he looked at John’s face he saw an indefinable expression he had never seen before - a cocktail of lights and suggestions mingled with desire and some base notes of pride and love.
Rudy is right, of course. A few weeks later, when the arrangements are in place, he gathers the three Holmes siblings, and they sit before him on one of the large velvet couches in the main drawing room.
So Sherlock talks to Molly and to Stamford and, with their assistance, the General Manager of the hospital. Mycroft kindly follows up this meeting with a persuasive phone call and the next day the General Manager finds herself with a cheque that enables her to fund the refurbishment of two wings of the maternity ward.
John doesn’t realise exactly where they are headed until the elevator reaches the top floor and Sherlock heads towards the fire exit.
Mummy smiled. “Yes, my love, I am going to show you your first days at home with us. Can you turn the projector on?”
I sat with my father on the couch and watched him hold my son: Father had baby confidence but it was rusty. My mother sat next to him and looked like she was going to snatch Albion away as soon as we stopped paying attention.
They were all ridiculous. Flowers, for example. Why give some one pieces of a dead plant, tied with a garish ribbon? It was all predicated on the actual act, not the flowers or the sentiment itself.
John skips the rest of phone notes and flicks deeper into the file, where he finds the original transcripts of statements and interviews. The child’s father, Robert Best (possibly estranged from the mother) is first, then his mistress, Julia, then the child’s mother, Corinne Best.
It’s awkward in the flat the next morning. The two best friends avoid one another’s eyes over the breakfast table. Sherlock is uncertain what kind of best-friend question he should ask about the lady with the enormous breasts (several things come to mind - could you see the scars? Were they warm to the touch? Would it be possible to assess the weight of them individually? – but he dismisses them in case they sound sexist and nasty), and John can’t stop staring at Sherlock’s dark blue toe nails as they twinkle in the changing light.
John laughs softly. "Yes, actually I am." He takes Sherlock's left hand, studies the palm with its blood crusted bark right across the centre and rubs it tenderly with the print of his thumb. "You won't be using this hand to get me off because it's grazed from your fall tonight. I should have put gauze on that. Sorry. This hand though," and he kisses the centre of Sherlock's right palm. "looks more than capable."
They both laugh, their best kind of laughter, together, happy in a taxi after they’ve solved a case.
“You’re not listening.” It’s exhausting, all this feeling stuff. Sherlock resigns himself to risking everything because John as a source of pain is not acceptable. He wants to exonerate him and set them both free. He stares out the window where nothing is lovely and speaks softly. “I mean it literally. If you want to kill the man who gave me straight boy pain, you’d have to kill yourself.”
“Don’t be painful, Sherlock,” Mycroft scowled. “Would you like me to finish feeding Albion while you have your breakfast?”
Nervous energy tangles in his belly as he realises his coming out is going to be a lot more awkward than anticipated. Sherlock can’t fathom exactly why John has reacted with such anxiety; this provokes several vague thoughts about their famous friendship disintegrating.
John clasped the wandering hand and laughed. “Yeah, you being romantic. Chance would be a fine thing.”
“Oh. Oh! Is there a problem?” Mycroft swung his umbrella gently, which was equivalent to anyone else unsheathing their sword.
He sees a taxi in the distant mottled lights of the High Street, does some brief calculations as to how much money he has left and raises his arm.
Babies are so helpless. This is one of their big selling points, in my opinion. They give you no reason to have any expectation of them and just when you have grown to understand the extent of their helplessness, they start doing things.
Albion looked at me and gave me the pouting lip of sadness, which meant I’d failed him miserably and driven him to tears.
Molly unzips the bag and Mrs Best gasps. The body is stiff and darkened, but the frock, and the woollen hair ties, transport her immediately to Easter Thursday in 1975. The memories that froze into rigid stories at the mouth of a black hole now quietly break and disintegrate, and everything becomes fresh and vivid. She can hear Mariah singing their song amidst her aimless childish chatter, hears her running up the hall for the last time as she rushes out to get the mail.
They wait fifteen minutes or more for the man from the Council to arrive. In that time they discuss, suggest and argue as to how Julia may have got the child in the site and, if she did, where she may have concealed her.
When Sherlock falls asleep, John carefully rearranges the shirt and bedclothes before he pads back to his room.
The whole scenario was horrible. John’s love of danger and his belief that he can fight wars single handedly has caused him some horrific pain. He needs someone to watch out for him. I could feel my face growing quite foolish with love so I changed the subject quickly.
Greg turns to see the woman, and John provides a hasty introduction.  “Jenny, this is Detective Inspector Lestrade from Scotland yard. Greg, this is Jenny Bannister, the woman who came to see me and Sherlock about the missing child.”
Sherlock still hasn't looked up. He has, though, already deduced that Lestrade has worn the same shirt two days running, that he slept in flannette sheets last night, that he only had a quick shower this morning, that he has only had coffee for breakfast and needs some solid food and that the person responsible for this change in the Detective Inspector's condition wears Youth Dew. Sherlock stops himself from sing-songing, "Lestrade's got a girlfriend!" and reads the file more closely. The most salient fact, the common denominator of each victim, catches his eye.
My brother had been busy patronizing security personnel in Washington for three days and was due home in the next twelve hours.
"It is indeed. My landlady is an old friend and gave me a great rate. I helped her out a few years ago when her husband was on death row in Florida."
I let her come inside. I had a box of cereal and some bread, so I was able to make her cereal and toast, all of which she ate in a few shuddering gulps.
There's the murderer, grabbing a thick handful of Sherlock's hair at the top of his crown and fixing him still.
“You do understand that you are handing over your rights as a parent to John Watson? That you will have no claim or rights over Albion at all, and that these orders are unlikely to be overturned by a judge?”
Neither John nor I wore any costumes or yelled when we made love that night. I sat up and he straddled my lap so we could kiss in the dark, which is one of my favorite things because I have to deduce his reaction by how he feels in my arms. Better still, I have no idea what he might do next.
“She’s in the car downstairs. If you agree, I can have her to sign the papers now, so the hearing  - while still imperative – is more of a formality.”
“Well, perhaps you tell people you’re a high functioning sociopath because you’re actually an extremely emotional man, and terrified of displaying what you perceive as a vulnerability or even weakness when you’re affected by a person’s love.”
"Sherlock, I can't let you call him." Lestrade swipes his hand over his thick hair. One of his cuffs is unbuttoned and John can see the edge of a nicotine patch.
When John comes home from work that night, this lengthy poem is taped to the front door and he reads it, sitting on the stairs:
"Hello mate," John says quietly as he strokes the soft coat. She's grown thicker and softer, signs that she's getting good food and regular brushing. He feels the collar - it's handmade from scraps of liberty fabric and her name tag has been hand forged.
“Yes. And dating women. Again.” Sherlock finishes his tea. The pain, he’s certain, has eased a little. He looks quickly at the pattern on the mug and notes it is Raspberry Cane. He’s rather fond of Wedgwood china.
When we got home, I was able to feed him, burp him, change him and rock him to sleep with out any major incident.
I never thought I would have cause to say this, but it was the most pleasant period I had ever spent with my family. Granted, that’s not really saying very much because we never have pleasant times together. Which is odd, because we actually are very fond of each other.
“I don’t. I have a Sherlock fetish. And since it would be wrong to brand your arse with my initials, I thought this might be a very nice substitute.”
"So here's my treatment plan: I go to crime scenes. I like to take risks. I would like some company. I'd be more than willing to share all those likes with you and I'm certain you're willing too. I'm not sentimental and I'm not likely to ever remember your birthday or bring you flowers but I'd like - there's no reason why we can't continue to ... connect like we did last night. if you're amenable to that." Sherlock stops for a minute and finds himself admiring John's face. It looks so much softer in daylight. "I'd like you to join my war. This is a call to arms, Captain Watson."
John dropped off first. I thought I could lie all night and bask in the loveliness of the sounds of the tiny puffs from Albion, and the shallow soft snores from John, but next thing I knew it was five am and Albion was waking us both, reminding us that Mycroft would be here in three hours.
I wanted to tell her that I had been beaten senseless by Serbian criminals wielding chains threaded with nails and was still able to recall the colour and shape of John Watson’s eyes as they flailed me so no, a small blood withdrawal didn’t faze me. But I was conscious too that people might want to take my baby from me if I appeared to b aggressive or hostile, so I answered as civilly as I could.
John Watson and Albion were making breakfast in the kitchen. I’d evidently missed this morning’s raspberry session.
“Well, I thought morning suits might be appropriate, but we did, of course, wear those last time. So I’ve taken the liberty of ordering you a Kiton suit which will be identical to the Kiton suit I’ve ordered for myself.”
“Yes, precisely. A Woodsman, like the man who took Snow White out into the woods but let her free, and killed a boar to fool the wicked stepmother. A loyal man, a kind man, an intensely good man.” I drew John a little closer. “The Woodsman came in and looked around, and the Prince suddenly felt this strange knocking in his chest, which he ignored because he was an idiot. He deduced that the Woodsman was looking for a flat, so the Prince asked him if he wanted to share his. And he did.”
My father asked if I’d bring Albion home next time Aunty Patty was visiting. “She’s got three grandchildren and they’re all ugly. I want to show her what a proper grandchild looks like.”
Detective Inspector Lestrade is sitting at Sherlock's kitchen table, privately congratulating himself for having found the one unutilised area on which he could have his lunch. The rest of the table is covered with beakers, Petri dishes, dead matches, random splotches of red gunk that may or may not be human tissue, piles of papers, a couple of small pharmaceutical bottles filled with various volumes of clear fluids and in the centre, exactly as they currently figure in Sherlock's brain, four broken beer bottles.
“She is paid to cover an on-call shift. She understood precisely the nature of her role when she took the job. You have no excuse.”
Married. Two children, one toddling, the other tiny and still squalling. Lives in a flat, rides a motor cycle to work, hung over. Front loading washing machine.
“So,” Sherlock drawled, warm and comfortable on the sturdy Watson chest, “Was it about owls and public school children at a wizard school? Tell me about it.”
Mycroft gave me an unpleasant look. “Improvement in the human condition is always possible, my treasured sibling. You of all people should know that.”
First, he wrote a note and left everything he had to his sister. He hasn't seen her since he  returned from Afghanistan. He'd slept on her couch for three nights, she gave him her old phone and told him to stay in touch. They talked briefly, worked hard not to fight with one another. He has no idea where she lived now or anything concerning her personal circumstances, but he did know she would probably welcome the money and that his passing wouldn't cause her much beyond a fleeting inconvenience.
The next day Mycroft came back with some company. Albion had just finished brunch; we standing at the window while I told him about Baker Street and explaining where the nearest tube stations were when I saw the black car pull over and the door open slowly. First came the umbrella, closely followed by Mycroft, and then came my mother and then my father.
“People do. Mr Holmes and Doctor Watson, did either or both of you offer Adrienne money to have Albion?
That night, holding each other in bed, Sherlock and John marvel how their physical relationship found its roots in the garden of profound sadness, a miserable case that carried a shadow for both of them, a shadow that cast long and dark over their daughter.
"How's your face?" is the first thing John says as he sits up. His muscles are tight and a little compressed; he feels them ease gradually as blood chugs back into them.
A few nights ago we gathered for the bedtime story, which John or I will read, but of late Albion is able to tell the story and can make out one or two words. This night he chose Snow White.
Sherlock starts to weep again. “Very much. But (sniff) I want you to be the cleverest lady that ever was (sniff) so Mycroft is going to help me make sure that you are very happy here. And if you aren’t (sniff) I am going to steal a boat and come and get you and sneak you home!”
John admires Sherlock’s adroitness in eating an egg and sending a text at the same time. “There, I’ve just sent Mycroft’s emails to Lestrade.  I think we should talk to the mother. “ He turns to Rosie, who is licking some brown sugar off her spoon. “Should we go to the seaside,  Watson?”
Sherlock looks away, unconcerned. " I can't divulge any more than that. Also, sir - I require that you stop identifying as a warlock and start admitting you're an accountant. And you" - he turns to Charlotte - "Congratulations on your pregnancy. Are you ready, Dr Watson?"
There's no time to sleep and no time to eat. Sherlock's mind is whirring, processing possibilities and theories and discarding them at the rate of knots.
Sally has a truly beautiful smile, all the more lovely for its rare appearances. She shared it with me now, clapped my shoulder and walked away.
Mycroft looked around the room, as if the intellectual stimulation he always hoped to find might float past any second. “I think it’s fair to say that her interest in Albion – or lack thereof –hasn’t altered from the last time you saw her.”
A thrill of amazement floods John again. Her every little accomplishment is extraordinary to him. She is three, but she can count, and knows her letters, and better still, can communicate these concepts to him.
So far Sherlock hates this day and, at this stage in proceedings, is not especially enchanted by the case: some boring inbred bint who has managed to have herself photographed by a sex worker while on the receiving end of a riding crop is not the kind of enthrallment he believes he has prepared himself for. When he is fully dressed he sits elegantly, behaves with great deference and courtesy as he has bred to do but even as he makes his way to Belgravia is thinking that it should only take a couple of minutes and then he can go back to pacing his flat and wait for a real case.
Then he looked at Albion and his smile turned into another smile, the beautiful one he has for rare and very happy occasions. I hadn’t seen it for a long time and seeing it again filled me with confidence.
John’s eyes are closed. He doesn’t want to see the ledge. “What”, he says with pitiful sadness. “What is it that only I can help you with.”
I found the love of my life and Anya seated at her small kitchen table, arm wrestling. Mrs Hudson, who looked up and smiled when I entered, was on the couch nearby, sewing a tapestry. Next to her was another unfinished tapestry. Thick streams of coloured thread hung from it, and a small thin needle was tucked through the embroidery. Mrs Hudson and Anya sew tapestries together. Those little things that you never guess or bother to learn about people are so important.  Quite unexpectedly my heart filled with love for them both.
I never bothered playing inside, mostly because a lot of the other residents were living on the edge of their nerve endings and likely to implode in reaction to the most mundane stimulus, or they were idiots.
Sherlock wanted John’s full attention. He fidgeted a little, rolled over one way, rolled over the other and then pushed himself into John’s arms.
“But the child is missing, and the Dream Lady’s claims actually fit some aspects of the child’s disappearance,” Sherlock answers as he taps a boiled egg with a spoon.
Good idea, says Sherlock, who doesn’t want him to go either. “I’ll take the couch,” he says, not looking at John.
My bed was strange, my couch was strange, my kitchen was strange and being able to do whatever I wanted was strange.
It's possible he'd forgive them if they kept their fecundity to the bedroom but they seem to be singularly without any boundaries. John has, to his squirming embarrassment, walked on them so many times in the kitchen or lounge room or hallway that he is starting to think they mate with the hope that he will interrupt them.
Penny files away at his callouses and paints Sherlock’s toes a deep dark blue that is flecked with little glints of silver. He chose the colour because it was called Constellation and sounded like science.
"Mycroft, you're being cruel. Let him do his own experiments. Now have you had some broccoli? I ordered it especially to counteract the chili. They cook it perfectly at this place, it's quite crunchy. Some kind of Chinese steaming method that looks easy but is fiendishly difficult, I expect. Sherlock, try this chicken and tell me if I should order again."
“Hello sugarchops.” I said this solely for John Watson’s benefit, who choked a little on his tea as he guffawed.
"Ooooooh! Here's one that might be perfect for you!" She taps a few more keys and a printer near her desk whirrs into life. While she leans over to grab the paper, John watches the small creases that form in her tight jumper as it catches and gathers around her thick belly. It would be bouncy, that belly, soft and warm. He wishes she'd get rid of the lipstick because that belly is an inviting possibility.
“ I have babies for people. Some people can’t and, you know, it really gets them down. The lady I’m having one for now had depressions for a year and she’s so happy now. I’m going to get her husband’s jizz when I go back to New York. She said if they like the first one that they’d have a second.”
"Of course." And John remembers his manners. "I'm sorry, I didn't introduce myself. I'm John Watson. I work with Sherlock on his cases."
The last time I saw John Watson, he told me that he was sick of every last thing and was going to walk around the world.
He had two sisters in Edinburgh who saw him at Christmas. They had given statements but could offer no clues. Police reports don’t establish whether he was robbed. I’d say for certain that he was, but we’ll never know. It was maddening. I kept looking for the careless thread,  the thread I could tug to unravel the whole story, but there was nothing.
Then I called Mrs Hudson. She came running up like she did the time Moriarty blew up the flat with gas cylinders, hoping for the worst, because no one appreciates a proper drama like Mrs Hudson.
John reads the certificate carefully. Sherlock is always amused how easily John can read the most careless scrawl.
“Yeah, me too,” says Annette, hitching up her dress a little and causing momentous movement in the rippling lycra. “I hate classical music – more of a Billie Holiday dame myself - but John reckons it’ll be fun.”
“Oh Sherlock! It’s all so romantic! Is John giving a speech? Well, I don’t know anything about that. Sit down and stop fidgeting and I’ll bring you up a nice cup of tea,” Mrs Hudson soothed.
Sherlock finds the psoriasis corpses very brilliant indeed and takes all the fingernails and toe nails he can fit in two specimen bags. John waits patiently, looking casually at the more severe lesions on the older corpse's hand while Sherlock scraps the scalp and trims large scarlet patches from both thighs.
"I'm alright," the injured man says rudely but it comes out as a whoosh and a soft bouquet of blood droplets that fall in a mist across John's jumper.
“Everything you’re doing now. Look after your son. Keep the flat clean. And when they turn up, don’t try to lord it over them. They have a job to do. Just tell them what they ask.”
The nurse was unsympathetic. “Oh, he’ll be fine. Babies don’t know enough to be scared and they can barely feel it.”
John and Lestrade had taken an excursion to a hardware store together. I had been invited but turned down this opportunity so I could stay and admire Albion, who could now hold his head up by himself.
John sucks him until he feels both hands clutch in warning. He calls halt as Sherlock grimaces, hands squeezing John as he concentrates on damming the pleasure.
“Of all the things Mary could do to me, that was the cruelest.” John smiled then, and wrinkled his nose a me a little. “That and shooting you.”
They had been back together at Baker Street for five weeks when the next big case came in. Sherlock was beside himself. John was at work, but no matter, Sherlock decided while he simultaneously processed seven other thoughts. John can meet me at Bart’s this afternoon.
“We should talk to the mother first, though,” Mycroft says from the small table, where he and Rosie are starting a new puzzle.
Her brothers visited her daily in those first months,  and Sherlock brought her gifts of chocolate, drawing paper, flowers he picked along the way and, before he left, three writing pads. (To be fair, it should be recorded Mr Holmes paid for most of these gifts.)
“It’s deceptive,” he called from the kitchen where he was making tea. “It seems like litres but in reality it’s only about a  teaspoons’ worth.”
Sherlock wondered if there was a poem in that for John but inspiration for the next verse came from a very different source.
Our life together now was much different: promising but wholly unformed. We had Albion, the cold cases, and we talked a lot about things that weren’t emotional. But our days were a little aimless, and it bothered us both.
Sherlock moves a few items quickly and places the pizzas and beer on the coffee table. He turns to John, who is standing with his hands behind his back, waiting to see if he was right about this.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft began, “I need to confirm that everything on this birth notice from the hospital is correct.”
“I never hesitated,” I told Her Honour. “I loved him immediately and had every intention to be the best possible father from the moment I met him.”
Because no one makes any attempt to take the box from him, John crouches down in front of the cage and opens the box.
John, who as an intern, once delivered five babies in ninety minutes despite not having slept for sixteen hours, is trying, he really is. He has become a permanent fixture in his mind-numbing job and now, at the suggestion of his therapist, is moving out of the ugly cloud grey walls of his miserable subsidised flat to live amongst ordinary people.
“John, it will take a few minutes. And after that I promise I will never ask you again. It’s just – please. I am utterly desperate.”
Lestrade was rounding us up. “Yeah, alright, I’m a firm advocate of the modern nuclear family but we’ve got ninety minutes before the security firm turns up to lock this place down.” He ushered inside the enormous warehouse and I calculated we were facing about one hundred and forty containers that formed twelve unevenly stacked rows. Instructions were written in thick marker on some of the containers using the same code I had seen earlier that day.
Mycroft is non-committal. John has never seen him like this before – ordinarily his opinions are resolute and invariably built to withstand any challenge.
“SHERLOCK”, everyone says again except Molly, who despite her best efforts, bursts into girlish sniggers that she tries to conceal behind Lestrade’s shoulder.
Perhaps, he thinks idly, we’re evolving into a species that can do anything while staring at a tiny screen.
When the glazier finishes and grunts the bill, Sherlock uses one of Mycroft's credit cards to pay for his new windows. He wasn't certain if he had insurance.
"They're playing scrabble!" The brothers smile affectionately in the texting woman's direction for a second and then its back to business.
“No, it’s too small, and there’s no corresponding breaks on any other bones. Being dropped into the cellar would have caused a wider impact, and many more fractures or breaks. This is a relatively short crack, as if she has hit her head against something hard and dense.”
Sherlock swells with fury. He is about to launch into a enraged, detailed explanation about the different shades of sexuality but John, full of warm greasy food, beer, whiskey and a satisfying England win, is barely moved. He smiles benignly and firms his grip on his partner’s shoulder.
Mummy’s voice becomes a little dreamy. “You know, I knew you were a girl before you were born,” she says. “I was so excited!”
"Obviously." Sherlock glares into his coffee cup. So much milk saturated with so much air, so little actual coffee. "I need to know what would actually set him off."
“No, of course I expected sex when we took our clothes off and I could see your frankly impressive erection. No, I mean this.” He makes a vague gesture with his hands. “We’re not friends anymore – I mean, we’re friends, obviously” –
“Not yet,” Ms Powers answered. “We’d like you to take us through the flat, room by room, to show us how you live. Is this the living room?”
“It doesn’t matter whether or not I’m a high functioning sociopath, or why. I’m in love with John Watson.”
Also, he was fascinating. I couldn’t stop staring at him, which I imagine is some kind of evolutionary trick to ensure that if he got mixed up with a whole lot of other babies, I could pick him out immediately.
He goes on and on, reeling of facts based on the most tiny of observations, nothing overlooked, nothing implausible, everything sustained by things that were available to any naked eye, if only they could be bothered to observe.
“It wasn’t his fault,” John Watson said quickly. “I told you, Lestrade called us over while we were having a late afternoon walk. We had no reason to think there would be any danger.”
Greg can’t come. He is listed to give evidence in court in a manslaughter prosecution, which interests Sherlock enormously until Greg explains it was a driving matter.
The perplexity was waning too, because I knew what it was now. It was having a son, and a partner, and working out not how they fitted in with me, but how I, who had lived in solitude all my life and prepared from a young age to die that way, fitted in with them.
"I keep a low profile. I never talk to journalists. Easier to work if no one knows who I am and how I work."
Lestrade and John look at one another. Sherlock just came out, they both tell each other without saying a word.
A tall, pale, soberly dressed woman with a pudding bowl haircut stood at my open door. I have no idea how she got in until I looked behind her and saw Mycroft strolling up the stairs, smirking at his phone.
"This has to be a drug syndicate of come kind. The victims don't have the phone that corresponds to the number on their arm - their boss does. All the inquiries from people wanting drugs go through to those numbers and he contacts the dealers to distribute."
Everything happened in seconds but to Sherlock it was all in slow motion – the violent squeal of breaks, the helpless sound of dragging tires, Victor thrown high in the air, and the dreadful, final thud as he landed five metres or more down the road. Sherlock was frozen, watching Victor’s father rush to the broken little body, hearing a jangle of calls and crying. He was still standing in the same place when Mycroft, summoned by phone by the local chemist, arrived and led him home.
“He was exasperated and went around with his usual ‘who farted’ face, but didn’t say anything until the Prince overdosed and ended up in St Bart’s having his heart and respiratory system kick started with electricity. Which was something.”
“He looks so much like you as a baby,” my father said on the second occasion he managed to get Albion from my mother. And then, unprompted, he said, “You were the loveliest little baby. We were all so happy when you came home.”
Both culprits looked up at me - John with his smile, Albion with slight disappointment for interrupting what was apparently a very entertaining event for him.
Then she told me that her boyfriend was going to kill me unless I gave him eighty thousand pounds to raise the baby. That sounded like a lot.
Sherlock, whose mind is set out in a series of coloured rooms that echo with his footprints continuously, had been in the taxi for five minutes before he realised he had left the scene without his doctor.
They retire early that night. There’s a slow fire starting in their relationship, they can both feel it. Sherlock is more demonstrative and John, never chatty in bed, finds himself talkative and eager to be an active participant in Sherlock’s loving displays.
John's uses the nail of his middle finger to flick a skinny syringe fitted with a mosquito thin needle.
“It’s much better like this,” I assured him. “Think about the times when you’ll have to lay under a truck for four hours in the cold to watch for a possible fraud suspect to emerge from a warehouse. You’ll be glad that we had tummy time then.”
In their early days Sherlock felt like a trespasser when he touched John so intimately but now, confident and adoring, he feels growing ownership of John’s body, and with that comes a greed specific to a close couple, the rigid unwillingness to share.
Donavan and Lestrade look at each other excitedly. The money? That is exactly the missing link the police are looking for.
Sherlock is looking out the window of Pret-A-Mange in Piccadilly, drinking mediocre cappuccino from a cardboard cup. The foamy milk leaves an irritating fatty film on his lips which no amount of licking seems to remove.
“The order was legislated to allow parents who had a baby via surrogacy to actually parent. According to the legal definition, it could be argued that Albion is a surrogate baby.”
There were, unsurprisingly, no frogs but I leant over to get a thorough look (early evidence of an aptitude for eliminating all that is impossible), overbalanced and sunk straight to the bottom.
She said the same thing over and over. “Sherlock, he’s beautiful! Look at all that hair!” And then, to my father, “Give him here. You’ve had him long enough. He wants to sit with me.”
I didn’t know what they should do either, other than transport a baby and allow room for baby accoutrements. A quick scout around the internet put paid to that. I read of marriages actually breaking up because people had chosen the wrong pram.
“Detective Inspector. Please forgive my brother for his bohemian approach to civil regulations. I have here written agreement from the Councillor involved with the development application, and he will meet you on the site at 9.45am.”
“Ademar fucking Silver,” he reads, editing it to suit his mood. “Ademar Silver and his fucking silver coloured business card, brainwashing my Sherlock. Oh, Really. Really.”
The doctor wastes no time unfolding sterile packs of gauze, laying out the driving and suture needle, tipping a pool of iodine into a small plastic dish. The wound is a perfect split and won't need to be trimmed. John dances his fingertips gently along the edge of the trauma and feels tiny specks of gravel at its open seams. He squirts it with a large syringe of saline four times.
John is about to refute the likelihood of that but realises that they’ve been in stranger situations. He listens to the odd seashell sounds as his ear is engulfed in the warm lips, catching a breath as the measurement turns to delicate little nips and a gentle whisper.
“Is that your cat?” John asks. At the window there is a ginger cat, sitting elegantly and watching the conversation.
I was in rehab/recovery/mental health treatment for nearly five months. When I first got there I was still too sick to hate it, and by the time I recovered fully from my infected bullet wound I was too disorientated, and too emotionally unstable, to have serious objections to being locked up. Also, they had bread and butter pudding for dessert at least two nights a week and frankly I would saw off my right arm for a good bread and butter pudding sometimes.
It is, thinks Sherlock, a perfect diagnosis of the current situation. John has no idea how much his rejuvenated dating life has wounded Sherlock; he has no idea how badly Sherlock longs to be his boyfriend. At the same time John, Sherlock knows, would never cause him deliberate hurt.
John, who is typing away, discretely removes a sentence describing Sherlock's lack of understanding about the solar system and instead reminds his readers to follow the link to Sherlock's website.
Perhaps Sherlock studied Ancient History for his A levels, because the first verse of that poem draws heavily from Thucydides (The History of the Peloponnesian War).
Rosie doesn’t care. She points to her puzzle, and then gives Sherlock a wooden piece. “You can help,” she says.
“I’ll have to take your word for that because I wasn’t born,” says Sherlock from the back. He is watching John in the wing mirror, and when he catches his eye, John winks at him.
“Which makes me the pussycat and that’s definitely not on.” John is helping himself to another slice of quiche.
"I asked that idiot Stamford a year ago if he knew anybody who might want to share the flat with me. He's been keeping you a secret all this time. I'm going to poison him slowly."
Of an evening when he gets home he goes into his room without looking around him and curls up on the bed while Rhonda watches from his laundry hamper.
"No, but Sherlock's not the marrying kind. You know what he's like. Russia one week, Rutherford the next. He hasn't got time to get to get married."
And just like that he walked away, leaving me holding a discharge sheet and a bottle of codeine in one hand, my stitched abdominal cavity in the other.
It’s rather like unlocking chains and feeling the relief as limbs move with ease again. “Yes, I think I am.”
In the cab home they spend their time making eyes at each other and talking in almost slapstick innuendo.
"You have sprig marks on your back. " And when John is none the wiser, "There are very small indentations on your back from where you have been trampled underneath people wearing sprig toed boots. The most likely positions for being caught in the bottom of a scrum are the front row, or the fly half after feeding a scrum. You're not a front rower. A winger doesn't get trampled as much. Am I right?"
“I’m going to whisper it to you so we don’t wake our John. He’s very tired but, unlike you, he understands that if he lays on a soft, gently supported surface and closes his eyes, he’ll fall asleep. You, of course, prefer to cry continuously until you’re exhausted. And that’s fine. You can cry as much as you need to.
Better still, things got done. I had clean clothes again because Anya washed and ironed everything, and there was milk in the fridge. The flat looked a little like it did when six striped shirts Watson lived here.
I rang the hospital twice that night. I wanted to know my son was alright. They said he was, but I could hear a lot of screaming in the back ground.  I deduced they were all the other less composed babies.
John can feel the sensations crowding Sherlock and knows that he will have a complete meltdown shortly. He’s seen it before at crime scenes, sometimes in an autopsy, where Sherlock is trying to organise his data and outside interference – even the sound of someone thinking – will cause him to short circuit completely, arms wavering and long fingers pressed into his face as if he might be able to deflect further interference to the endless voltage of his thoughts.
"Splendid." John, wondered how hard it will be to catch on with what ever it Sherlock has claimed he has done.
"The Small Mammal Autoclave Unit." John's face is bright, his eyes glitter. "Teaching a cat Morse code!"
We were calculating the length of the wound alongside the height of each suspect when Mike Stamford ambled in.
John desperately wants to ask if it upset the energy of the house but bites his tongue . "I'm fine with cats."
It leads to Baker Street which in turn will take him through to Regents Park. John taps the gun tucked in at the small of his back affectionately. Not far to go.
Sherlock had to think for a moment. There was little purpose to balloons but he wanted to make the effort. “You could shoot them.”
(I kept her name because it is beautiful, and I thought I might have the opportunity to use it down the track. Who knows. I may have a daughter one day.)
Then there's the small drawstring bag filled with the a diaspora of objects left over from the Army: a couple of maps (folded and dirty), a couple of lists of all medical personnel (three of whom are now dead) from different camps John worked in, a couple of identity cards he'd been issued at different times, a small length of carefully woven coloured cord that was once a bracelet but has been cut near the knot that fastened it, a plastic hospital identity bracelet he'd worn after he was flown out of the field and admitted to an army hospital in Belgium before they flew him home and - he picks them up with fondness and a little reverence - his dog tags, the small flat discs with his name, his number, his birthday, his blood group and his religion, all the information about him worth knowing reduced to a tiny shiny surface that had sat flat against his chest for nearly seven years.
Legally, all three could be responsible, if there was enough evidence to prove it was an enterprise – that is, that all three had set out with the intention of killing the victim. Enterprise is a very difficult thing to prove. What was needed in order to prepare a brief of evidence was proof that one person was responsible for the murder, and on that basis appropriate charges could be laid against the others.
They continued their bantering and haphazard cuddling, punctuated by Sherlock stealing tiny tastes of John skin when he could. As far as John was concerned, nothing significant happened.
"Keep stitching. What you do is your own business. But if you are, wait a few hours and come with me while I catch a murderer. It'll be interesting." And something important occurs to him so he elaborates. "Dangerous and interesting."
(It probably wasn’t real holy water. It definitely didn’t sizzle when it hit my skin. In case you were wondering.)
When he slept I talked to him about gravity mostly because it is fascinating and also so he’d have a head start on all the other kids at school.
Our daughter has some similarities to her mother, mingled with John’s fair hair, clear blue eyes and slim wide smile. Sometimes when he is holding her they’ll both look at me at the same time and my heart twists in my chest.
“I think he’s too young to smile, Sherlock.” She was being nice – Mrs Hudson is never anything less than nice, and quite frequently more – and a little annoyed at being disturbed while she was watching Steel Magnolias.
“Oh, all the time. But she only shot me once, and she never shot John. Not that she would have tried, because he’s a great shot too and in any case if she’d hurt a hair on his head I would have pursued her to the bounds of hell. And she knew that.”
I have heard countless dreary accounts from new parents declaring that they fell in love with their infant at first sight, most of them from poor John Watson.
His feet are hurting but his hands are remarkably still and his leg feels great. The cane is almost redundant. He's tempted to just drop it in the gutter but part of him wants it found alongside his body, partly because he's been using it for so long now and it feels like part of his landscape, and partly because it helps provide a reason for why he's leaving early.
Sherlock has carefully slipped his tongue into the delectable little gaps between John’s buttons and left a tiny print on the warm flesh that turns cold as soon as the air hits it. He pokes at the pleasing hard tum as he turns his face to continue.
An odd sensation started to move through my chest, clamping my throat shut and squeezing the thin plate of muscles of my neck and jaw. Small prickles of sweat rose up my back; my legs were starting to shake.
She nods, watching as his eyes move down slowly, his face turns away and his gaze is cast out to the garden.
When he was almost at the end of the story, Albion looked up from the book and smiled excitedly at me, as if something wonderful had just occurred to him.
John tosses the 20 pound note to the driver, doesn't wait for change and again steers the stranger by the elbow towards the front desk, who send him straight to the Triage desk.
“Hello, Mrs Hudson.” I kissed her cheek, which is always enjoyable because she wears Lancome transparent powder (150 Ivoire) and it smells perfect on her. The fragrance suggests to me that it is bound with a good synthetic rose oil.
Sherlock looks up at him with bright eyes. He has a new kind of smile now, one that John has only seen in the last few weeks. “I hope it’s my turn now.”
I could see the similarities immediately. “This is nearly identical to the coded notes I saw earlier today. The grammar is inconsistent, which means more than one person is leaving these instructions.”
John laughed. He has a small, soft laugh delivered with his face tipped down that he uses when he hears strange facts that he knows to be true.
“These cats were looking for a house keeper, because obviously cats don’t do house work. They advertised on-line and in the local paper, and ended up interviewing a fair young maiden called Lupina, who didn’t get on with her mother or her sister because they were idiots.
I explained to the Judge how I went to the hospital and was bullied into the birthing room, saw my little lovebug fresh from the womb and instantly fell in love.
Sherlock sighs dramatically. “No. Kiton is a very noble menswear manufacturer. They make extremely nice suits.”
They had been living together for six months when John's blog started to accumulate a regular readership. Sherlock is dismissive, waves his hands around, despairs that anyone would take it seriously.
It is perched on the edge of John's laundry hamper with a look of welcome when he comes home that night.
Anya moved our base from the couch into the bedroom. It made sense, because my room was quieter and darker, which she insisted was more conducive for sleep. She quoted research on circadian cycles, with which I am not in full agreement . But it was quieter, and I concede we enjoyed a better quality of rest there.
“See?” Mycroft tells Sherlock, whose sobs are gradually being reduced to quiet weeping. “See how clever our precious baby sister is? Uncle Rudy has found some of the cleverest people in the WHOLE WORLD to help keep her clever, and to find new ways to help her become an even more clever grown up lady.”
Our doctor was needlessly apologetic. “Sorry, didn’t mean to steal him away but he was starting to grizzle, and needed a change, I hope you don’t mind, but I thought I could get him ready for breakfast” –
John smiles and squeezes the long fingers. “I always says, ‘Sherlock, you are sublime” when I speak to you but it’s usually subtext.”
It was all hideous, and certainly one of the most difficult tasks I had ever undertaken, including faking suicide with a seemingly fatal leap from a ten story building. I wanted to scream at them LOOK AROUND YOU, do you really think this baby is neglected or abused, but I heeded Lestrade’s advice and I did as I was told. Albion and I led the way to the kitchen, where they could see his bottles, the steriliser, the spreadsheet I had devised for when Albion starts solid foods and the small eating utensils I’d bought in preparation for that very interesting time.
Mrs Hudson was visiting the less likable of her nieces in Albuquerque and wasn’t due home for another week, which was the one good thing that happened that week. Well, one of two good things.
John laughed. “No, although I might try, if I ever practice again.” And he blew another raspberry on the pink tummy. Albion squealed with laughter.
I took John to an excellent chip shop I know of down near University College and ordered the largest serving of hot chips the owner was prepared to make.
“He is a consultant medical practitioner,” Eurus corrects. “That means he is very senior in the medical community, and quite likely is attached to nearby hospital.”
“She was fine. She had the baby in the hospital. Doctors saw him and said he was in perfect health. He was discharged. I’ve got papers.”
“Squirrels are the ninja of the unwanted, John. Look at them! They make no sound, they can cram grams of vegetable matter in their mouths and they move so fast that it can be difficult to see them sometimes.”
“That’s what everyone said but the Prince paid no attention and planned to become a very smart pirate who could solve anything. Alas, the education system let him down badly and he ended up having to go to Cambridge and study Chemistry, which was a pity in a lot of ways because he had no idea what to do if he couldn’t be a pirate.”
"Well, he’s doctoring down at Wormwood now, isn’t he? You know what the prison grapevine's like. Me and the boys were talking about it just the other week. I thought, as did some of the lads, that you and the doctor were special friends."
While John wandered around in the near dark, Lestrade pulled out a pocket torch and threw a small white beam over the first row of containers.
He is little surprised when John appears in just a robe as he soaking, carrying a small bottle and a large puff of cotton wool balls.
John reaches over and closes his fingers over Sherlock’s palm. It looks nice. John’s hand is dry and warm. He folds his own fingers down over John’s and memorises each cuticle while he calculates how many days it’s taken to get to this small but critical point.
I knew Mycroft would find a nanny, and I knew she would be competent, but I thought she would be one of those central casting nannies in a starched apron carrying a large carpet bag.
John looks casually over the file rack but there are no patient notes for Sherlock yet. One either side of him there are rows of cubicles, each shielded by a heavy, hospital-blue curtain. He has to take a good guess.
Scotland Yard gave the story to the press a couple of days after the body was recovered. They hoped someone might come forward but no one did.
“That is preposterous and a complete waste of public monies,” she said. “No children are being harmed in this flat.”
“Nice try,” Lestrade smirks. “This might be the only time I know something you don’t, so get stuffed.”
He went to walk away but John reached out and grabbed his sleeve, which was enormously entertaining because people rarely touch Mycroft and he’s never sure what to do when they do.
The most vicious bolts are silenced while the smaller charges in the sensory overload are diverted to this one irresistible thought. Sherlock focuses. “Do you?”
"She's been stabbed differently," Sherlock says. "She didn't die as quickly as the others." He produces a small torch and follows an irregular trail of blood splotches. "She tried to get away after he stabbed her."
Then my mother wanted to know all about the formula and whether I’ve played the violin for him yet.  (I haven’t, mostly because he’s in my arms roaring at the times when it would be most beneficial. Maybe when he ‘s a little older.)
Instead she talks to a police liaison officer who advises Police are re-examining Mariah’s disappearance. When the call is finished, Corinne is still, staring into that cold, empty space where the sound of her daughter singing a hymn is the only disturbance.
Professor Amarita Crisp is one of the world's most respected cardiac thoracic surgeons. She trained at Brompton in the sixties, a sight for sore eyes with her thick dark hair and soft matte skin that seemed to absorb light and small strong hands and scandalously short skirts.. Every man in London at that time thought she'd make a great wife if she wasn't so much smarter than all of them.
John had, he told me,  flown back from the New York yesterday and made immediate contact with Lestrade, who provided a bed for him last night. Lestrade delivered him to my door today to ensure that there was no blood shed between us.
John smiles at the temporary lisp. It's rather endearing. "Right. No ambulanth. But I need to get you to the hospital."
Lestrade had baby confidence. He knew how to hold Albion without making him cry, knew to keep his special little head supported, knew how to hold him so he felt secure and certain that he wasn’t about to be dropped.  I worried that by the time I had developed baby confidence, Albion would be ready to start school.
“I think so, but he was in Bordeaux at the time. He came back later that day. To be honest, there wasn’t much to suspect. She simply disappeared. Police assumed she was taken in a car,  but no one knew. There was some theory that she might have wandered off and was taken somewhere from else.”
John hurriedly flicks through the file for a photo of the child, and instead is blessed with a small plastic evidence bag that contains 16 black and white photographs of the house where Mariah lived, and the scene where she was apparently abducted.
John worried about him all day. He tried calling three times, sent an email and seven texts. He was used to this now, Sherlock’s inability to cope with the strangest, most insignificant things that usually reflected some aspect of perceived inadequacy, but had not yet worked out how to correctly deal with it.
Ms Powers watched us both with a sour face. I deduced that she was annoyed at having been sent on a wild goose chase.
“Of course, of course we can.” John, though, is filling with electricity of his own, angry, sour voltage he can’t diffuse. He starts to whisper to Sherlock, small, private regrets that Sherlock was hurt this way, his commitment that no one will ever hurt him again.
A couple of weeks later, John Watson and Detective Inspector Lestrade were wobbling up the stairs, carrying cans of paint.
John thought that the cat was just spooked because there was a warlock in the room but wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.
It takes the Homicide crew another twenty minutes to break the locks. When the flat metal door is prised open, cold dank air rushes out and the dog strains at its leash, barking furiously.
Papa Watson was clearly wearing the pants in this family. “No. No home schooling. He needs to meet other children. And you mightn’t always be available to home school him. In any case, he has to get a birth certificate. He’s due to be vaccinated soon, and besides that, what if we want to travel? He’ll need a birth certificate to get a passport.”
John doesn't know what to say. He doesn't want to draw attention to himself, doesn't want to argue. Sherlock, however, has no reservations about doing either.
“You may have been a captain but I would have been your superior due to my age and my extensive qualifications. I am an expert in aeronautical engineering.”
Breathe, Sherlock tells himself, breathe and be calm but he's forgotten that hot salty pleasure and he gasps in surprise as his cock slips in to the silky wetness of John's mouth. He crushes his eyes closed because if he watches he'll lose it completely. It's been so long since he’s had this and he wants it to last all night but John's too clever, too experienced and Sherlock comes with hard
John isn't sure exactly what he's supposed to do. Lestrade has walked out of the house, stopping at various points to talk with the forensic team that are now bent over the young woman's body, then with other officers who are walking around photographing the interiors, scouring through the debris looking for clues or standing in twos and threes, talking.
“Romance! You said I’m never romantic! Balloons are romantic. I saw it in Cosmopolitan. They go with chocolates.”
Sherlock is looking at Charlotte. Solicitor, early thirties, series of hopeless boyfriends. Halfway to becoming an ardent dominatrix. Keen on books and programs about personal style. Not particularly keen on her job nor very good at it. Warlock likes his job. He will end up supporting her soon. he broke his arm when he was eight or nine, She looks a little green and her dress is uncomfortably tight. Fluid though, not fat. Has gone off her contraceptives without telling the Warlock.
John reaches for one hand, a kiss for each finger while Sherlock clumsily flexes the other, gulping his breath a little, a little nervous, watching as John sinks to his knees on the floor in front of him. He looks up with saint's eyes and so Sherlock knows what is about to happen.
There was a time, when I first returned to London after faking my death for two years, that John Watson couldn’t see me without punching me. (Did I deserve to punched? In retrospect, yes. I should have taken him with me when I died. Or at least sent him a letter.)
“See?” he says to John, poking him with a saucy finger and speaking with a full mouth, “People read my blog! That’s the trouble with England today. There simply aren’t enough splendid young people like Ryan looking to better themselves.”
He opens his mouth to regain a little dignity for his chosen profession but decides there's no point. "Yes." He has seen this woman before, and in fact is certain he was introduced to her on the first day. She is perhaps thirty two or thirty four, has serious red hair and a fondness for animal prints skirts. Today it is a snow leopard print. It's tight and looks a little uncomfortable. John finds himself surprisingly attracted to her in her snow leopard skirt. He lifts his chin a little and smiles. "I'm sorry, you're ... Susan?"
Best of all, St Bart’s fades as a reminder of unhappy tmes, and instead becomes their own private landmark in a matter of weeks. It's where they met, it's were they declared their love. When they pass it, or when they visit for work, one will always say, care to dance? And the other will smile, squeeze a hand or lay loving fingers on the other’s back and whisper, I don’t mind, don’t mind if I do.
John sighs. When he dresses in his wedding suit he tucks the poem in the inside pocket, where it rests against his heart.
