“You think you can handle it?” She asks after nodding at the information. Her eyes are kind and understanding, she was the one to call him in after all.
“I love you. So much.” Steve tells him, head shaking because that isn’t even enough, nothing will ever be enough to explain how deeply he means it. Somehow though, Steve thinks Tony understands him, thinks the endless warmth of his eyes is there because he knows it.
"Are we done here?" Steve manages when they all struggle to their feet. Thor eyes his shield, but nods.
“Well.” Steve starts, then promptly realizes he actually has no idea how on earth to explain the situation. Rubbing a hand over his face and flopping back deeper into his seat, he admits as much. “I don’t really know how to explain this.”
“Don’t start a fight you can’t finish,” Tony says instead of opening the bottle he snatched up before retreating. “Or didn’t they teach you that in the army?”
“Pepper, I promise I will explain everything to you eventually. But, you just have to trust me right now. I need to figure out how to keep you safe before I can involve you and I didn’t have the time to map it out in between all the escaping.” She deflates at the words, turning to face the front seats and close her eyes. Happy meets his through the mirror and the horrified sympathy there just makes Tony shrug and smile hopelessly back at him.
“I don’t feel like a very good man,” Tony hears faintly from behind him and closes his eyes in sudden frustration. These little half nods at their situation are getting old and Tony has half a mind to turn around and scream into that perfect stupid face to let it go already. Steve made it clear what they were, made it clear they wouldn’t tell anyone or fucking say it outloud to each other.
It takes far too long to be reasonable, but Tony gets the button open, gets the zipper pulled down. He loses track of the plot at that point though, loses track of every single thing that isn’t the wet spot tinting Steve’s blue briefs. It makes his fingers twitch, makes his mouth water and shit that bulge is so big.
"I get it.” Tony says after a long time. Long enough that his voice feels tight and rough. Steve does not stir, continues to be a smooth weight against Tony’s arm. Perhaps he is sleeping and perhaps that is what drives Tony to continues. “I mean, there isn't a way to explain just how cold space is, it isn’t even freezing. Sometimes I wake up and I feel like there isn't any air. There isn't any water or wind or anything and I don't even feel cold. I just feel numb, like I'm spinning away without a tether because it is so cold I can't feel anything anymore."
It happened too quickly. Too fast for him to do anything other than let out a little “Oh” before slumping forward and sliding down to the floor. The drag over the desk had ripped out the largest piece and he lost too much blood before even fully settling onto the ground. Really he should want to keep breathing, but he just doesn’t. The residue of every bad decision has been trapped in his lungs for too long and it’s finally dislodging itself.
“I’m one of those people you are ignoring, too!” Steve finally shouts and whirls on Tony with a fire that usually means Tony will be on his knees before the minute is up. It sparks a harsh shiver and Tony swallows deeply, eyes caught on Steve’s like they have their own gravity and he is just cursed to forever orbit them. Something in Tony’s expression draws Steve up short and he deflates just as quickly as he’d ignited. Tony tries not to be disappointed when Steve closes his eyes and looks away. “Do you really think I’d let you wallow on Christmas Eve? I should like to think you know me better than that by now.”
“I have the serum.” And he sounds happy enough, but the lack luster turn to both their moods is undeniable. Biting on the end of his pen again, Tony decides to just be his usual obnoxious self. It usually works with Pepper and Rhodey. Hell, it usually works with just about anyone Tony decides needs a good laugh at his expense, just so happens those are the only two people he ever feels inclined to share such a thing with. Well, and Bruce too lately. And isn’t that nice, four people Tony would gladly be an idiot for, four whole people he wouldn’t mind calling friends. Even if Rogers most certainly wouldn’t return the sentiment, even if they have known each other for all of three conversations. The nice thing about feelings is you get to have them for who ever the hell you want and they can’t say a goddamn thing about it.
He feels his shoulders release and walks over to Steve, stopping right in front of him, close enough to have his leg’s brush against Steve’s knees. His hand lifts of its own accord, brushes across the hairs just barely falling over Steve’s forehead and smoothes them back until he can play with the ones at his nape. Steve just lets him, looks up at him with those beautiful baby blues and stays motionless.
“I–” Steve starts and Tony panics. Fully and completely panics, because fuck, he just spent the better half of their make out session thinking about how much he was totally okay never even having sex with Steve.
His voice is far away and he isn’t really speaking to her so much as speaking the words out into the universe at large. There is no trust in telling her this story and she feels thankful for that. Far more innocent men have misguidedly given their trust to her, but Stark’s faith is hard won and harder to keep. He trusts her in only the way anyone would trust a faceless bartender. A stranger who has no power to do anything with your secrets simply because they do not care. It’s fitting and exactly where she wants to keep him. It will make the transition to team mates easier if he ever steps up enough to join the Initiative.
Tony tries to slow his breath, unclenches his fingers and slowly eases his hands off Steve’s shoulders. He places them on both of Steve’s own, gently pulling them from his hips so he can lean back further. That seems to wake Steve up a bit and he finally looks at Tony. His pupils are blown black and there is enough hunger there to make Tony swallow.
"Okay."
They don’t say anything, they never say anything, but somehow it feels right now. There are no words, there are too many words and none of them will ever be enough. It’s all right here, in the firm heartbeat against Tony’s forehead.
“Oh, Tony.” He manages and his big hands are on Tony’s hips, firm and so very close to the bruising pressure Tony’s been wanting for weeks. It very nearly kills him. He can’t help it, can’t hope to do anything but grind down more. His thighs flex as he desperately tries to get some leverage in his knees, to tilt his pelvis enough to rub over Steve’s dick on the down stroke while still rubbing his own into Steve’s lower stomach on the way up.
“Since Buck disappeared again...” Steve starts, but the wind falls out of his sails and he gives up before getting much of anywhere. Instead he leans back into the fridge, rubs both hands over his eyes and stares into the ceiling like he wants something to crash through it. Tony wants to tell him it’s alright, wants to tell him he knows exactly how much Barnes’ little ‘now you see me, now you don’t’ act is killing him. Nothing comes out of his mouth though, the possessive monster in his chest wont let him concede anything to the man that took Steve. No matter how much Steve never really belong to him. The warmth he left in Tony’s bed has long gone stale, but Tony still only sleeps on one side.
At this point, Tony can barely be called an active participant in the kiss, he just opens and closes his mouth with Steve’s push and pull, sucks when he can, nibbles when skin catches between his teeth. It’s all happening in some animal part of his brain, well past conscious thought. His body is out of his control and he can’t even figure out where exactly his hands are other than some part of Steve. Sometimes it’s his shoulder, the solid meat at the juncture of it and his neck, sometimes it’s his back, the dip where his torso tapers in so beautifully. Other times it’s Steve’s hand, somehow sliding up Tony’s arm and locking their fingers together to squeeze it too tight, to press it into his cheek.
“Oh, actually yes.” Steve answers, ready to start talking about the wonderful set of pencils Iron Man bought him a couple weeks back. Yet, why would Stark know to ask about them anyways? “Did, did Iron Man tell you about those?”
"What can I do?" Tony asks, feeling like the most useless person on this earth standing here using both his hands to hold a mug of decaf coffee.
His running shoes are leaning against the front door like always, but they look like he took them off in some kind of hurry instead of stacking them neatly against the wall. For a long moment he just looks at them, searching through his memory for the hasty removal of the sneakers. The image comes up like always, eidetic memory still intact it seems. It feels a little odd, he’s never been so thirsty as to just kick them off without preamble before. Yet, he can almost feel the urgency behind it even now. Something about it tastes off.
“Left wing won’t pull more than halfway out of the casing, but he sounded like that’s only one of the minor issues.” Steve leans away from the doorway as he speaks, but doesn’t move from the neutral zone between the hall and communal living room. He glances down and away before rubbing at the back of his neck. “To be honest, I don’t know half of what those things can do. Can you just go and make sure they don’t start taking them apart on the kitchen island?”
Tony remembers Rhodey mumbling about Stane being a jerk a handful of times in college. He remembers how little time they spent together, how Rhodey always kept their conversations short. But, he never thought it anything more than a clash of personalities. He always reassured Rhodey that Uncle Obie was just a brash guy. Rhodey never once said ‘I told you so’ either. God.
Tony watches as he sits, face screwed up and hands clasping the blanket too tight. “Well, nothing is broken.” He starts and Steve smiles before reaching out a hand on instinct. Tony flinches, but when Steve goes to set it back in his lap he snatches it up and presses it between both of his own. For a moment they both just look at the contact, but when Tony looks up they both smile.
“Captain. To what do I owe this pleasure?” Tony finally asks, walking forward and gesturing for Steve to come in.
“Shame,”Steve says and something in his eyes lets Tony know he can smell the cover up. “You’ve got such a nice set.”
He wants to focus on this, wants to needle at it until he can figure out what on earth is happening right now. He wants to grab Stark by the shoulders and shake him, demand he tell him how,
“Like a warm bath and drinking honey. I hurt so bad, everywhere. From welding and sleeping on rocks and getting beat around.” He answers, but her mind is already reeling through the possibilities, rifling through every bit of intel she possesses on this man. “And suddenly, I just didn’t hurt anymore. All of it was gone.”
“Steve.” Tony finally breaks in, voice nothing more than a breath into the space between them. He can’t say exactly why, but it makes his hands fall away, makes him take a step back. The tension is too much and suddenly all he can feel is exhaustion. The battle may not have been all that mentally exciting, but it still took its toll and that speaks nothing of the hours spend scooping buckets of disgusting sludge from the streets of Manhattan.
“You didn’t tell me.” Steve replies and for all it comes out a statement, he means it as a question. Tony never told him, he knows that with perfect certainty. There are no hazy memories to contradict it either. Still, he knew somehow, knew in a way that went beyond subconsciously putting together clues. For all those clues seem blatantly obvious now, he never noticed them before.
"Everyone has their shit Steve." He says it softly, softer than he knew his voice could ever be and it feels like he is telling himself more than anything. A hand takes his, just as gentle as the words.
“Well you obviously haven’t smelt me after a long training session.” Steve shoots back, a wry smile on his lips. Instead of laughing or responding in any way Steve expects, Stark inhales his coffee with a sharp breath. He immediately starts coughing, cheeks flushing red from the strain. Jumping up, Steve hurries around the table to pat and rub soothing circles into Stark’s back. “Are you alright?”
All his focus is on Steve’s face, on his bright sunny blue eyes, his plump rubbed red lips, his grin. God, his grin is so bright and Tony’s knees go weak. He can’t help himself, he really can’t, because Steve just looks so happy, so delighted by making out in the doorway.
“That’s good to hear.” Steve replies with a smile and finds he really means it. He knows they’ve been a bit of a hold out on the global green energy Initiative Stark Industries is spearheading with the U.N. He knows how stressed Stark has been about it for the last months, it certainly seemed to be enough to bleed down into Iron Man. They both try to keep S.I. business separate from the Avengers, but Iron Man always ends up confiding in Steve when Stark gets super overworked and starts taking it out on him.
When the water trickle on the cave’s floor fades into focus once more, he lays there for a second longer than last time before yanking the tube out. He doesn’t bother reaching for the water this time, just lets the coughs rattle through him as his hands clench. His breath is heavy, but he can still make out Yinsen humming and if he has to spend eternity in this place at least there is that.
She sobs and rushes forward in a tumble.
“Of course not.” Steve reassures, keeping his face serious even as his chest starts to shake with forced down laughter. Tony’s eyes narrow, but his lips are quirking up and the look just makes Steve fold like a bad hand of cards.
“Morning, Cap.” Iron Man calls out as he steps in through the automatic glass door. His foot falls are steady as he makes his way straight to where Steve is now sitting on a set of heavy metal and black cushioned arm chairs. They are designed to hold all of the armor’s weight without issue and comfortable enough for Steve to spend long hours in them. Which he may have done a near uncountable number of times, both with and without Iron Man next to him.
Time ticks by slowly, the clipping of Tony’s fingers as they tap against the metal bed frame a distant thrum. Yinsen still faces perpetually forward, so much more silent than any time they’ve shared over the past weeks.
“Tony.” Steve husks out and Tony’s eyes flick up to find Steve open mouthed and hazy eyed, staring at Tony like he wants to devour him. Tony feels inclined to allow it.
“I don’t like it.” He says to the room at large and manages to suppress a shiver as he feels Stark turn towards him. There is a brief pause, a slacking of some coil in Steve’s chest as Stark steps closer to him and then something shifts in the other man's posture.
him trying to sound stern. He simply has to do a full spin around in his chair for that.
Steve is standing up by Romanov, listening to her relay their successful capture to Fury, when Iron Man steps up beside him. Perhaps if Steve had known at the time just how important the move would be, he would have hesitated a little bit, or put more thought behind his movement. As it stands, he does little more than react subconsciously as the face of the machine flips up and retracts back. It’s simply mindless, his head turning and his eyes focusing in on the now exposed face of the man beside him. Stark is looking at Romanov, so for a brief moment Steve looks at the side of his face as he would any new person, or at least any new very attractive person. And Stark is attractive, even more so with the sweat pressing the fringe along the man’s temple into his skin. Steve has always appreciated the artistry of a strong jaw in profile.
– disappointment. “Then, why are you angry he didn’t call you?”
“It’ll be fine.” Steve tells him and Tony moves to gather two of the bowls from the tiny cabinet above the sink. He serves them both and brings them the bowls along with two tarnished spoons. He lets Steve feed himself this time, but sits close enough to brush their arms together with every bite.
“How was the fun-vee?” Rhodey has always been an expert at keeping his voice even and this is no exception. When the left side of Tony’s mouth quirks up, when his teeth flash out and his eyes crinkle, Rhodey allows himself to fall forward. His right hand clasps tight onto the blooming gold of Tony’s left shoulder and suddenly keeping his voice even is impossible. It grows rough and just a hair shy of wet, when he lets out his next words through quivering lips.
That too was short lived and now here he stood, alone in his destroyed home and completely past the point of panic. Seemed somehow his brain actually managed to process everything on the back burner. Now, he just feels exhausted and weary for the days to come.
“A what in your chest?” Rhodey’s voice is still sharp, but the confusion has replaced some of the tension in his shoulders.
“Yes, it’s me. What just happened?” Tony is asking, pulling Steve to sit up. He runs his hands over Steve’s face, brushes back his hair. He tries to smile, but Steve can see how shaken he is, can see the tightness that’s been sticking to the edges of him all this time. “Don’t tell me kissing me was so bad you blacked out?”
“I wanted to propose there, you know.” Steve tells him when they pull apart. He lets Tony take back his hand, moving his own to Tony’s waist and smiling when Tony draped both arms over his shoulders.
All that to say, Tony is completely unable to hold back the shiver that look inspires.
She laughs and he needs to bottle that sound and keep is safe from the rest of the world, from himself. “Tears of joy. I hate job hunting.” The smile is just as terribly beautiful as every other thing about her and Tony vows to let her go.
“Your hand is so red.” He whispers, the edges of his vision going a little grey.
“Like, seriously?! I know postage probably seems crazy expensive now, but I know Fury got the military to shit out a goddamn mother load of back pay for the guy so it’s not like he’s hurting for the, what? It can’t be more than five bucks to send a card, right?” Pepper gives him a withering look when he turns back to her, but he is on a roll now and just continues, arms and hands wildly gesturing. “Plus, I gave him my number! Hotels have phones! SHIELD had to have given him a cell phone!”
“Woah, careful.” Tony is saying, but Steve can’t care, can’t do anything but pull Tony into his lap. He needs to have him in his arms again, needs to bury his nose in the side of his neck and just breathe. Tony is laughing, but it sounds unsure. He isn’t melting into Steve like he usually does and it makes his heart break. He just pulls Tony closer, pleads with his actions for Tony to hold him. “Well, hello to you too. Wanna tell me why you are baby koala-ing me?”
Stark blinks and Steve is three seconds from punching himself in the face and then running away when Stark laughs. It is loud and full and makes his eyes crinkle beautifully. Steve is captivated, feels himself laughing along without really meaning to. He knew a real laugh from Stark would be beautiful, but this feels more like a punch to the gut. It is stunning.
“By tonight, I mean it.” She calls out, not letting even a speck of her worry worm it’s way into her voice.
Tony smiles, unable to stop it, as he lets the tension drain and all responsibilities wait until tomorrow. “Avengers Assemble.”
The silence is stretching around them and Tony watches as Steve closes into himself, shutters like he does when he sees the bottle Tony’s taken to keeping at his bedside table. For a second Tony wants to let it happen, wants Steve to scowl and get angry and maybe voice some sort of fucking opinion about what they’ve been doing to each other. The second ticks away though and Tony grins, open as he can these days and taps his knuckles against Steve’s sternum.“That why it’s living in your rooms lately?”
Honestly, if Tony knew taking that Calculus TA position would lead here, he might have taken a little longer to think the offer over. If he could have seen the class roster, somehow known that this blond adonis would come to his office hours week one and absolutely turn his life upside down, he would have at least read the course syllabus before shrugging and saying “Fine, whatever.” He can’t live like this, can’t take it, something is going to give out and it just might be his heart at this point.
“Uh, alright.” Steve finally manages, looking down to fill his water bottle and take in the short response. “Does he, well, does he know when he will be available?”
“Would you like me to pause searching for his location?” And okay, the amount of judgement in the AI’s voice is certainly uncalled for.
“Tony, take the damn thing off.” The accompanying glare is as nice as anything Tony has ever seen. Oh he is just so glad to get more years with this guy.
The feeling gets more intense as he takes in his surroundings, but the hazy memories are almost familiar at this point. He may never have stepped foot in this room, but he can guarantee there is a metal mint tray in Tony’s bedside drawer filled with his anxiety medication. It has the american flag on it and Steve gave it to him as a joke nearly eight months ago. He remembers painting the pair of Brooklyn city scapes behind the headboard of Tony’s bed, but never once has he seen them. For a moment, just a second, he thinks his missing jeans may be in the middle drawer of that second dresser.
“Steve?” Tony’s voice breaks the atmosphere and suddenly Steve realizes he’s walked all the way to the side of the bed without realizing. They are uncomfortably close, Tony’s shoulder could press right into his stomach if the man shifted right even the smallest amount. Tony sleeps on the side Steve keeps finding empty when he wakes up.
Tony isn’t sure where exactly this is going, can’t think much past the feeling of Steve’s huge hands finally, fucking finally, cuping each cheek and pressing just enough that Tony feels poised for direction.
They are in the little entryway of Tony’s small apartment, pressed up to one wall and wrapped around each other to the point of absurdity. It was supposed to be a goodbye kiss, Steve has both his jacket and shoes on even. Honestly, Tony really did intend to let him go, only meant to get a few more seconds of Steve while he could. It always starts that way, the best laid plans, but the second Steve leans down Tony loses all of them.
The papers only spent two days tucked inside his pillow case, before Tony fashioned a crewd needle and seam ripper. After spending far too long striping the threads fraying away from his neckline and studying the precise in and out loops of the mattress seems, he’d fashioned the makeshift safe while Yinsen slept. And there the papers had stayed, for two weeks and four days, completely unknown.
It’s too soon to be thinking like that, so incrediblly too soon for him to feel this close to bursting with affection, with something deeper than can be named. Yet, he still opens that box every morning, still runs the pad of his finger up against the writing inside the band. From the first time he saw the thing he imagined it on a work rough hand, tan and masculine. It would fit Tony perfectly, would slide on and stay just where Steve settled it.
Rhodey had white knuckled the arm rest when he recalled nearly jumping out of the helicopter at the sight of a discarded oil drum two weeks before finding Tony in almost the same place. He’d gripped Tony’s arm in much the same way when admitting that he went back to that same place every few days, driven by some impossible belief that it meant something. Rhodey always was the more superstitious of the two, but Tony understood the pure desperation of grasping at straws. When an explosion went off in a cave not too far from that very place Rhodey had all but forced an entire convoy straight to that exact location. Then, when somehow Tony staggered into view Rhodey had fallen so completely mute in astonishment that another soldier had to call for their descent. There had been enough tears that neither man spoke of that topic again nor commented on the press of Rhodey’s head under Tony’s chin when they woke late the next afternoon still upright on the couch.
“Of course I know you.” He admits on a shrug. It is true, true in more ways than Tony could understand, but the idea doesn't make him feel as uneasy as all the other unanswered questions. If the strange new belongings and missing clothing come with extra knowledge on Tony, well it can’t be all bad. “You’re my best friend.”
Sliding his hand closer to Tony’s, he chances a glance up to see him mid sip and focused completely on the proximity of their hands. It makes Steve bold, fills his chest up with air and practically moves his hand of its own accord. Tony’s eyes immediately flicker up to meet his when Steve settles his palm over Tony’s fingers. Again, Steve can’t help but think that happiness looks beautiful on Tony. It softens every part of his face and makes his skin glow in the low candle light. His eyes are shining and Steve can make out flecks of green around the pupils. Those eyes are so warm, so captivating that Steve doesn’t feel Tony’s hand move until their fingers are already interlaced.
Tony seems caught for a minute by that, poised between two conflicting emotions. Happiness wins in the end though and his smile may be shaky, but it feels like the single best thing Steve’s ever done.
They stay like that, just breathing. He considers just leaving it here for now, thinks to just lift Tony up in his arms and take him to their bed. Something itches at his mind though and he knows they have more to say before he can let either of them sleep.
“I love you too, butthole.” Tony beams back and pats Rhodey’s head with his free hand before laying it down on the hotplate it’d been resting on before. Something about that seems a little odd to Rhodey, but the blinking red light on the thing’s face takes up his focus for a good few minutes until he thinks to say anything about it.
“I’m sure, I am very very sure.” Tony promises, speaking through a throat that suddenly feels tight. This is going to be something much more than getting off together and Tony can’t understand how he ever did this with anyone but Steve. He wants Steve to see all of him, to see how his body works and how it feels good. He wants to see how Steve reacts to his touch, how his face twists when he gets close. He wants to kiss Steve through his climax and hold him after and, holy shit, it’s so powerfully amazing. “I’m so fucking sure.”
Without even a glance up, Tony lifts one hand and gestures vaguely at the ceiling. “J?” Is all Steve can hear, but it seems to do the trick because seconds later a holoscreen is blinking to life just feet from Steve’s face.
“Yeah, I was gonna take you out, make a whole day about it.” Steve replies, he lets out his breath in one long exhale and grins. “Was gonna take you to that car show in september. Then after I’d take you to dinner, get them to give us a private room.” He leans forward to brush his nose against Tony’s and grins brighter when Tony chuckles at the gesture.  “Just me and you.”
Yinsen is alive. Yinsen did not die this time and Tony will feel guilty later, right now he is about bursting with relief.
“I know, sweetheart.” Steve cuts in again, and his features are just as soft as they were back in the doorway. His face is still red and the spasm of his hands give away the tension still in his body, but he looks calm. He looks sure. “I know, but I want to. With you.”
“Come on up for a game, then,” Tony cuts off, deciding they may as well cut to the chase of it all. Steve apparently couldn’t figure out a graceful way to ask for a friends with benefits sort of arrangement between them and Tony can be the gracious host and fill in the blanks for him. “If you think I cheat at video games, you can try me at chess.”
“Jesus, fucking hell. Steve!” Tony shouts and his orgasm is suddenly right there. It’s crashing into him and over him and all over Steve’s hand. The thought makes him whine harder, makes him press up further into that hand as he shudders with the intensity of it all.
Tony could leave Steve up here and it would be fine. All the little pieces of their dysfunctional family would be enough comfort and Steve would never hold any of it against him.
He is so tall, so broad and solid, he has to hunch down and lift Tony’s chin up for even a light peck and it makes Tony feel so small. He used to hate that, hated being the youngest guy in the school, hated being the shortest person in class. Even after starting his graduate program, he’d stayed short; that late teens’ growth spurt never came in and with his twentieth birthday on the horizon he’s starting to think it never will.
“I just need to talk to Rogers.” He can feel him still worrying and anxious in the background and when he says the name he feels something like longing rush through the guy and he is done with this honestly. If the guy is so lonely he can somehow catch Tony’s unique ‘Saying Rogers out loud’ feeling he can certainly give Tony a fucking phone call. The first words came out calm, but he feels back up to boiling again and can’t stop himself from rocking back in his chair. “I mean, it’s been two fucking weeks and he can’t even send me a postcard?!” He demands of the ceiling and hears Pepper hold back some strangled coughing noise. Rogers starts flooding with concern and goddamn if the guys is worried about why Tony is so annoyed he could just ASK!
“Yep, I deserve a press conference. But first how about a cheeseburger. Oh and a chocolate milkshake. Yeah that sounds good.” Now standing by the rear door, he turns to Rhodey and squirms out of his hold. “You want anything honeybear?”
“Not one for the holiday spirit?” Steve asks without taking a seat, his smile friendly and possibly even fond. It tickles the back of Tony’s throat.
half a second from swallowing his own tongue. He suddenly remembers that he can actually actively control his body and rushes to punctuate the admission with some kind of physical demonstration. Unfortunately, remembering he can control his body and actually doing anything with it are two very different things, and all he manages is scrambling to clutch his fingers into Steve’s shoulders and collapse his knees to fully settle into his lap once more.
“Steve?” Tony finally responds, sounding distressingly out of breath, but the plea in it is unmistakable. There really was no way Steve would do anything other than reach out for that door knob, nowhere else he was going to go than this bedroom.
“You are hilarious.” The instant switch to sarcasm is so fucking wonderful Tony half wants to propose. Jesus fuck.
“Why?” Tony asks gently, eyes fixed on the hand now clasped in Steve’s and pressed into his chest.
“I have to send an alert back to Natasha” Tony tells him, smoothing down the wrinkles of the blanket in some facsimile of touching Steve. Another shaky smile let’s him know he can probably step away, but he can’t help but add,  “I’ll be back.”
Before he can even decide which dune seems easiest to pull Yinsen over, a faint clipping whirl signals to his left. The two choppers are cresting over the horizon just as Tony turns in their direction and only he will ever know the volume of the sob he lets out at that. He allows his legs to buckle like before, let’s his hands splay wide above his head and ignores how his tears instantly evaporate on the warm skin of his cheeks. Yinsen does not so much as stir as the choppers spin up the air around them, but Rhodey is here and everything is going to be fine.
“Are you alright?” Steve starts to slide off the couch as he asks, ready to go comfort his friend. Before he can so much as slide the pad out of his lap though, Tony is spinning in his chair and beaming so largely at him it nearly knocks Steve off the couch anyways.
it purpling. The idea makes him shiver, makes him squeeze his legs around Steve’s waist and when did he wrap them around him? It’s perfect though, his center of gravity is off just enough that he has to hold onto Steve’s head for support, has to depend on the firm arms wrapped tightly around his torso to stay upright.
“Storm’ll probably last a few days,” Steve tells him when they break apart.
“Of course.” Another hum of acceptance and Tony is sinking down into what may end up being the most peaceful sleep on record if the calm washing over him is anything to go by. Long moments pass and he nearly fades off before JARVIS calls out quiet and slow. “And what name for Project 3, Sir?”
That seems to finally get to Steve’s impossibly easy composure and he lets Tony go to stab at the biometric keypad with this thumb. The doors open immediately and they step inside before Steve speaks again, voice tight but not loud, not even really angry. “First off, I know for a fact Tasha invited you for a round of it yourself.” He turns to look at Tony head on then and Tony gets that the tightness is from sadness, resignation.
“It’s okay now, we figured it out.” Steve shushes him again and finally gives in to the desire to have them pressed close again. Tony goes willingly, laying his cheek on Steve’s shoulder and slumping to let Steve take all his weight. It feels like he can finally fill his lungs all the way with Tony’s weight pressing into them. They went too long without this, Steve can’t let another minute pass without holding Tony. “We’ll figure out why it happened.”
“I always thought something was up with him. I never liked him.” Still no told you so, never with Rhodey. Not when it really matters. “But this, fuck, I don’t know if I can keep from punching him when we get back.” His eyes are open again and now he is smiling back at Tony, wobbly.
“Is that a live body, FRIDAY?” Tony all but screams, rocketing faster toward it, watching as the form wiggles and shapes into something with four limbs. The core temperature is low, but not quite hypothermia yet. “Narrow in on the signature!”
The flames clear enough way for them to continue the punishing rush towards the faint light of a sunrise streaming around a corner. Everywhere the volume of voices is ratcheting higher, the world suddenly awake and bursting all around them. Yinsen is keeping pace, breath heavy and grip firm on the UMP45 pressed into his right shoulder. He is shooting it, but Tony is too busy deploying the manual rocket and blocking any incoming fire to register the targets.
“Doctor Banner, put down the scepter.” Steve manages and Banner looks as shocked by the proceedings as everyone else. The tension suddenly shifts again as the monitors let off a noise. The tesseract is found and Steve breathes in a deep breath of relief. They can focus on this, band together and drop the anger flowing between them for a common goal.
“Good?” Steve asks, with the audacity to sound a little uncertain of the answer. Tony is laughing before he can stop it, the sound bright and happier than he’s ever heard from himself. Something heavy is gone, some hard object is no longer taking up space in his chest and all the volume can finally make it out.
It isn’t until he is washing the graphite off his fingers in his personal bathroom that he realizes what actually happened. They are going on a date. Steve agreed to a date with Tony, there is no way to take the nervous start to the conversation in any other way. And when Steve agreed so quickly the joy on Tony’s face must mean he took it as acceptance to finally try for that something more.
Steve laughs, skin going that wonderful blotchy red and Tony can’t help himself; he just has to lean forward and lick a stripe across that overwarm cheek. It tastes wonderful, sweat salty, but the real draw of it is the great huffing grunt of air Steve lets out at the motion. Actually, it’s really the way it makes him squeeze Tony closer and turn to drop him back down on the couch.
“Oh really?” She deadpans, letting her arms drop so the papers lay face forward against her thighs.
“Like what?” Iron Man’s voice is soft, hesitant in a way Steve’s never heard from him. He feels spurred on by it, like maybe Iron Man has his own list of strange goings-on. If this is happening to more people it has to be something they can fix.
“Tony,” Steve whispears and it is cruel, so fucking cruel of him to use his name like they mean something again. It hangs there in the air, almost like the invitation it had become back when they were some kind of regular thing. Tony can’t bring himself to look up, even when Steve sighs and settles to rest against the wall beside him. “I wish you wouldn’t push us away like this.”
"What?" Steve blinks and sinks back into the couch as if to specifically go against Tony’s demand. Tony pays it no mind and simply pulls at one of the edges of the blankets.
Spinning to face him again, Rhodey gives him a startled yet unsurprised look. He really puts too much stock in Tony’s ability to puzzle everything out, way more than he ever deserved.
“Tony?” Steve manages and his vision is starting to clear, the world is starting to make sense again. For the first time in weeks he feels completely awake. How could he forget about Tony?
Tony opens his mouth to reply, but then he stops and closes it. From that point of view he can actually kind of understand where the thought might come from. He can admit that his rant sounds a little like a teenager whose date didn’t call after she put out on prom night.
“Yes, Steve. Baby, please don’t stop. Don’t stop. It’s so good, you’re so good.” Tony says between desperate open mouth kisses, though he can’t honestly tell what any of the words mean. He just hopes he’s getting some idea of how fucking amazing this all is across to Steve. Because it is, it is so amazing and he doesn't want it to ever stop. “I’m so close honey, baby, I’m so... please don’t stop.”
A good part of his reaction can honestly be blamed on how well Tony wears a sport coat, but that isn’t all. Steve remembers seeing Tony just like this, hands in the pockets of his fitted black trousers and tiny smile tucked into the corners of his perfectly trimmed mustache. The T-shirt is black and Steve knows without looking there is a zoomed in picture of a cat’s face on the front. The cat is mostly white and has a brown patch covering it’s left ear and eye. Most of it will be covered now, the grey sport coat buttoned over his navel, but when they sit down he’ll open it and Steve will see the shirt. He commented on it last time, wonders if he should comment on it the same way again.
of toys. Who says I need you to get off?”
It fell out of his pocket while he carried Nat off of the jet to safety, and he tried to go back for it, but the heat had already been too much, the fire too big. The whole aircraft was in danger of exploding too. Nevertheless, Steve tried to reach for the phone where it’d bounced across the metal grated floor, but when his flesh started to sizzle, and flames licked up his arms, he knew there was no way to get back in, no way to reach the device before it was too late. There was an explosion about ten seconds later, which split the jet into two pieces, alongside Steve’s heart.
Steve let out a little sigh, and his eyes slowly fluttered open, coaxed out of sleep by Tony’s voice, by his warm scent. The blue in them was as dreamy as ever, and Tony felt contentment surge in his heart as the Alpha’s gaze settled on him.
“I know, but I—You’re the only one who likes it, really. I used to get in trouble for it all the time. Dad hated it. Ty hated it too.”
“Are you okay?” he asked, though he was pretty sure he was looking at the latter when he said it. He might have leaned in a little too, checking for any cuts or tears in the fabric of the suit.
had. Their problems, their stupidity had affected him, no matter how hard Tony fought against it all, tried to keep that from happening. Peter was sick, just like Tony, but he was just a little baby, born mere hours ago, without the strength to fight it like Tony could. He needed love, and affection, and physical contact, and worst of all? Tony’s wouldn’t be enough. He needed Steve’s, his voice, his presence. They both did, and he wasn’t fucking here to provide it. He may
Peter slept a lot. His tiny body needed plenty of rest to begin with, but with the addition of the sickness, of the fever, he wasn’t as active as he should be. When he was awake, he would sometimes cry in discomfort, cough occasionally between sobs, and Tony would hold him closer, try to convey his love, try to pray away the problem. There was no praying it away, though. There was only one thing that would take this away, that would take all of it away, from both of them.
,” Steve sighed, brows knit with how amazing it felt.
“Upstairs. Now,” Steve said, and locked a hand around Tony’s wrist.
“What’s if they knew that you like to
“Yes sir,” Tony murmured, exhaling a breath of laughter.
“Oh jesus,” Tony muttered into the bed. This
All things considered, he liked sitting here, on Steve’s cock, without any fucking. He liked being full, Steve’s weight against his back, his arms coming forward around him to work. It made him feel safe in a weird way. He wondered what it’d be like to sleep like this, full of Steve, with the soldier all around him. He wondered what it’d feel like to be
“You gonna knot me any time today?” Tony asked. He wanted it to come out mean, but really it sounded more like a plea. “Or do you plan on milking me dry?”
“You know me,” Tony said. “I just can’t help myself.”
Steve shrugged a little. “It’s nothing,” he replied. He didn’t really want to talk about it all, burden them anymore. Although they were a little more sympathetic to his case now that they knew about the baby, he wasn’t sure if he’d get the open ear he needed. That in itself was kind of frustrating, but he supposed he deserved to suffer a little, given all that had happened. They were all in a horrible situation, not just him, and maybe he didn’t have the right to think his problems bigger than theirs.
‘He’s got a lot of past he feels he needs to wipe away,’ Tony sighs, ‘and it’s not just part of the team, he wants to prove he’s good enough for Pete too.’
Peter just laughs at the shocked expression on Deadpool’s face, even through the mask it’s obvious, and looks around the streets below them. It’s been a quiet patrol today, so they’ve decided to take a break sitting on the edge of a building and Peter’s asked Karen to let them know if anything comes through the police radios.
‘Well, yeah, but we need evidence first otherwise I’m just webbing up random people,’ he points out. ‘Come on we need to find a way in. And no killing anyone.’
Peter tries not to let his panic show as Wade pauses to consider the question.
‘You’re supposed to craft something that represents something you have done this past year that you can be proud of,’ Thor repeats, passing out more chunks to people.
more. Haven’t you guys done that loads of times before?’
‘And I’m trying to help keep everyone else safe,’ he says, voice equally quiet. ‘Just like every patrol we do.’
‘He’s commanding the troops inside,’ Wanda grins, ‘be thankful you’re out here with me.’
Thank you so much to everyone who has left reviews and who is still sticking with this story. And special thanks to those of you who are only just starting to read it! It's a bit of a beast to take on from the start so I feel very special that you are actually taking the time to catch up with all of these chapters. Let me know what you think of these last two - a little bit lighter than the previous ones. And I'd be interested to hear what you all think of Peter meeting Daredevil again.
‘Oh now this sounds interesting,’ the man leans against the stone railing in front of him. ‘Care to enlighten me?’
‘Hell no is that bird brain getting in a training session with Pete before me!’
‘But not everyone is as lucky.’
‘I’ve not even seen half of them so I can’t comment on the truth of that statement,’ Scott adds. ‘Ow!’
‘There is so much wrong with this,’ Rhodes groans.
‘Did you believe your friends were going to murder me in my sleep? If so it’s a wonder you suggested we come here in the first place,’ Loki rolls his eyes, sitting up.
Loki nods and looks behind him, to where Tony can now see a group of five other Jotun, one of whom he recognises as Lorena who they had met in Norway. ‘I need two of you to help take him back to the facility. Don’t let anything stop you.’ Two of them bow their heads and then rush forwards to help Wanda carry Vision. Then Loki turns back to Tony, gesturing to the alien at their feet. ‘Is he the only one?’
He finds the billionaire leaning against the railing, looking along the streets of New York. ‘I thought you always preferred the after parties to the main event?’
‘Don’t!’ Peter backs up, nearly crashing into Wade, holding his hand up. ‘Stop. Just…wait.’
‘Hey, either of you any good at algebra?’ Peter calls through.
Silence meets her statement but no one argues, instead turning to look at the original six Avengers.
Steve isn’t sure how long they hold out. Everything is lost to ducking and weaving and lashing out with the shield. It all starts going so well.
‘There is so much wrong with that sentence I don’t even know where to start,’ Rhodes shakes his head.
‘I’m on it,’ Bucky cuts Natasha off, grabbing an alien’s discarded sword in his metal arm and running full speed towards the beast. ‘Pete? When I say I need you to get it to rear up alright? Or at least get its head up.’
‘That’s true,’ Steve muses. ‘Do you- you don’t think he loves him do you?’
‘Just get out, Steve,’ his voice cracks on the soldier’s name as he turns back to his work station, willing the tears not to fall. Steve doesn’t move for a couple of minutes, and Tony’s wondering if he’s going to have to find a way to throw the man bodily from his workshop when he hears him move. The door slams shut behind him and Tony winces at the noise.
Love always,
‘She’s fine, and you’re avoiding the question,’ he comes to perch on the desk next to her. ‘How are the others? Did they arrive alright?’
Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos, I'm sorry I haven't been able to respond yet but I will as soon as I've got more of this story written. Do please let me know what you think of these chapters. Also I shall be starting to decide what the next projects are once this is finished so head over to the final chapter of Tales From The Training for the list, or leave a comment with any requests. My list is getting longer and longer which is amazing!
‘And you wonder why we don’t want you making us feel better,’ Peter rolls his eyes at the dark haired man. ‘Honestly I don’t see what your issue is.’
,’ Scott argues.
‘Francis! Where are you? Come on out and play you fucking piece of-’
Bucky cuts him off.
‘All I’m hearing is excuses,’ she cuts him off, ‘now you bring him over here and introduce me properly. Honestly! Did I not teach you anything when you came to stay with us?’
Her eyes narrow at him. ‘What are you talking about?
FRIDAY has been going through footage of CCTV cameras and running every recognition software Tony has invented in an attempt to get a hit on one of the attackers. Clint, Natasha and Tony have been hacking into various agencies in an attempt to get any information that might be useful; Peter’s been allowed to help and was picking up some interesting skills along the way.
‘He, Nat and Rhodey had a shooting competition earlier,’ Wanda sighs, ‘and the prize was the winner got their next turn at cooking done by the losers.’
‘Ah don’t mention it. Preferably ever. Now let’s save the talk till we get to the car.’
‘Well,’ Peter rubs the back of his head, not sure how to break the news to his friend, ‘you know the lady in our old apartment said we’d moved? Well May moved in with her new partner and I stayed here in New York-’
‘Alright, I’m sorry. But give me a shout if you need a rescue mission alright?’ she grins at him.
‘No one’s taken me out yet,’ Natasha grins, then her face hardens. ‘And no one is getting to my teammate.’
Tony had told her he was working on a new link to FRIDAY for all of them from the field, so they could upload information straight to her servers rather than having to rely on taking flash drives or using his suit, he was working it into their comms devices. Natasha had had to use all of her training to hold back her excitement at the prospect. It would make her job a hell of a lot easier.
I wanted to do it. Not until your dancing lesson.’
Her powers strain as she tries to contain the blast, a few beads of sweat appearing on her forehead as she concentrates on forming an opening at the top of the sphere. Immediately some of the blast escapes, easing the pressure on the rest of it. What she isn’t prepared for is the blast pushing against the sides of the opening and disrupting her powers. The sphere disappears and the blast explodes in the containment chamber.
Natasha is claimed by a young looking CEO from some company Steve doesn’t catch the name of and the three couples make their way to the dancefloor. He looks up in surprise again as the band that’s been hired to play starts playing a familiar tune.
‘What?’ he can tell his answer has shocked the trickster.
A/N: I'm so sorry I'm late uploading this week. Every time I think life is starting to slow down again something happens. Thank you so much for all the support for this story so far, I hope you enjoy this chapter and I promise to get an update done on Friday this week.
‘And some of us switched sides after the last time we met him,’ Natasha points out.
They fly for around an hour, and Tony and Sam take him through the mission. Its simple reconnaissance but they figured his enhanced senses and wall crawling abilities would be useful, especially since they were hoping there’d be clues to what was enhancing the weaponry and his hearing had picked up the difference before. Finally they reach their destination.
‘Is there anything I can do?’ she asks, wiping at the tears angrily with the back of her free hand.
‘What are you two up to?’ Steve asks, eyeing Natasha trying to get her laughter under control and Tony’s innocent expression. The Captain raises an eyebrow at him. ‘What are you doing now, Tony?’
‘Please don’t tell me you’ve lost him
‘You do realise they’ll do nothing to stop that arm if he actually decides to make a break for it right?’ Tony points out. The man looks between Bucky’s slightly amused expression and his own increasingly frustrating one, seemingly not knowing what to do. Tony throws his hands into the air. ‘Rhodey!’ he pleads for his best friend’s help. ‘Your military guys are killing me over here.’
‘Guys!’ Peter snaps, cursing as soldiers appear in front of them, he pushes them towards another flight of stairs and urges them up. ‘Not the time! I need to find somewhere to suit up and help Mr Stark.’
‘Why won’t he look at you?’ Rhodes asks. Steve nods, part of him dreading to hear the answer. Rhodes sighs and puts his glass down on a side table. ‘Steve if Tony knew I was going to tell you half of the stuff I’m about to he’d do more than make my suit do the Macarena. So I’d appreciate it if you don’t pass on any of what I’m about to say.’
At the way Wanda’s eyes widen and the smile breaks out slowly, Peter’s heart sinks. ‘Is it a girl you’re seeing?’
‘Well I’m going to be staying here,’ Bucky says, ‘not got anywhere else to go. I think Vision and Wanda are going to be staying as well. Nat was saying something the other day about not spending it with Barton and his family for once, she wants to give them the chance to have a proper family Christmas with little Nathaniel now he’s a bit older.’
When Steve found the direction they needed, he rolled his shoulders, took a preparatory breath. He wouldn’t fail them, all of them, this time. He couldn’t.
He stood at the head of the table, drummed his fingers on the smooth glass, regarded all of them silently.
“Well,” he started. “Eat your food. Don’t want either of you starving.”
Tony hated Howard. He wished he would disappear, that he’d drink himself to death in a ditch somewhere. He wished he never had to see his father again, never had to hear his name or smell his favorite kind of alcohol, never had to hear the biting disappointment in his tone as he addressed Tony.  What was worse though, was that he still wanted his dad to be proud of him, to like him. He wanted his dad around, but wanted a better version of his dad, one that he’d never get. Tony was desperate for his approval more than anybody’s, despite all that he’d done, and unfortunately, he didn’t think that feeling would ever go away. It was sick, really, how much he wanted it, how much his father’s shitty behavior had made him dependant on any scrap of praise. Howard had missed or dismissed so many of Tony’s milestones that he was actually grateful to see the man at his graduation ceremony, that all of his rightful disdain had disappeared entirely for those few hours. Tony hated it. He hated everything about it.
Tony was silent as long as he managed, but Steve didn’t accept that, alternated between tongue fucking him and teasing him, even dipped his head to run the flat of his tongue against the brunet’s balls and the base of his shaft, and that was when his boyfriend truly lost it.
Ross wasn’t happy with that answer, let out a sharp, annoyed exhale. “You can’t say no forever,” he said, straightening the cuffs of his jacket. “It’s our best option, and I’m not letting it go. After the baby is born, you get a month’s time maximum. After that, I’m
Steve took his hand, grasped it firmly in his own. “Goodbye, Tony.”
“Steve,” the brunet choked out, cradled the phone with both hands.
“Ahh—ahh—ahh!” the brunet keened on each thrust, couldn’t help but whine as Steve’s cock pushed in, filled him to the brim.
“I’m sorry!” he sighed, slumped back against Steve’s chest. “I’m sorry I acted like that, I’m sorry I’m always acting like that, I just—oh fuck, I-I just like to…it makes me feel good to do it,” Tony admitted, sounding wrecked.
Steve’s heart clenched. He knew that look, he’d seen it before, too many times to count over the few years he’d known Tony. Howard had obviously done or said something again, and poor Tony had paid the price.
Tony’s breathing was a little harsh now, shallow puffs of air which told Steve he was desperately trying to keep it together. He hadn’t said anything in at least half an hour, not since he’d taken more medicine, but it was clear he wasn’t feeling any better, and he couldn’t get to sleep either. He was curled up tight at this point, clearly uncomfortable, and it made Steve’s heart clench in sympathy.
“Exactly. But now, I’m different, and I-I’m trying my best. I’m trying to keep it all together. None of this is how I imagined it would be, and— it’s really fucking overwhelming. I just…it’s like I’m locked in the trunk of a self driving car that’s trying to launch itself into a lake. Every day things slip a little more out of my control, get a little crazier, and it’s fucking scary, and it makes me angry. I just…I just wanted to keep a hand on the wheel, just a little longer,” he said.
“Steve, fuck—please, I want you,” the brunet gasped between kisses, shifting insistently.
The doctor insisted he be put on bed rest, and Pepper came over, spent the day at his side, dabbing sweat from his brow and making sure he stayed hydrated. He barely slept.
“Nat hasn’t found another lead yet. The bad guys are getting good at hiding their tracks. We have to be more careful now, since they were waiting for us last time. I don’t want a repeat of that.”
They had already filled one scrapbook with photos since Peter was born, and were about halfway through a second. Hell, they might fill it by the end of this trip, with how many pictures they’d taken. But that tended to happen when your child was the cutest in the world (they were definitely biased.)
The relief in Tony’s eyes was clear even in the darkness. He smiled just for a moment, but then his face grew sullen again, and he stared down at Steve’s chest. His heart was still hammering anxiously, his thoughts running a mile a minute.
[I hope you do.]
Tony didn’t know if it was better or worse. He always fell apart so easily when Steve treated him kindly, when he handled Tony like he was precious, like he was worth more than the world. But god, Steve was just so big. Tony tensed up a little now, debated calling it off, but held out, wanted to take it, wanted to prove that he could, and then before he knew it, the head of Steve’s cock was in.
, and maybe the occasional migraine was worth that.
“Where—I want—“
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony had kissed plenty of people. He’d had his fun, and plenty of it, had never been particularly shy in that arena. He’d had his first kiss at 14, done way more than he probably should when he was 16, and plenty since, but kissing Steve? That had quickly outranked any fond memory he’d collected, any sensation he’d experienced, and he knew immediately that he’d always want more.
“Cum for me, and I’ll fill you up,” Steve promised, leaking a little in anticipation.
Tony laughed a little. “That makes two of us. Thank you for the present. I really, really love them. I got you something too, but it’s a lot less beautiful,” he said, drawing back a little. Tony closed up the jewelry box, set it down on the table.
It really did. The trunk was thick and a rich brown, with lots of swirling ridges in its bark. The branches fanned out pretty far compared to some of the other trees, and the apples peeking out between leaves looked large and healthy. They’d be perfect.
“My ideas aren’t shitty, are they?” Tony replied, voice low, hesitant. “They’re
He had the day off, and so did Steve, and although they had plans to go out, the weather was kind of miserable so they cancelled. It didn’t matter really, because being here, curled up on the couch with Steve sprawled on top of him instead, face tucked against Tony’s chest was just as good if not better than any plans they’d made. He was wearing his comfy clothes, they were ordering Chinese food later, and reruns of his favorite show were playing on the TV.
To his full-bodied relief, Tony’s eyes shut, and he allowed the touch, didn’t pull back or growl or push Steve away. He hadn’t growled at Steve at all thus far, and maybe there was a little guardedness in his actions, in his scent, for the most part he simply felt relieved. That relief went both ways. It had only been a few minutes, but Steve was sure he already felt better, and that he would continue to feel better with time.
Rhodey had always been better at this kind of thing, and it certainly showed now. “I’m sorry,” he said almost immediately. “I’m sorry about the phone thing, and I’m sorry for what I did. I know how much it hurt you. You know I never wanna hurt you, Tony, and I’m really, really sorry I did, but you didn’t really leave me a choice. I tried to reason with you so many times, tried to get you to understand, and you always refused. I didn’t know what else to do,” he said, and Tony knew he meant it.
“Hey Daddy,” Tony said softly, dropping another kiss on Steve’s cheek. “You that tired, huh?”
“You should try to sleep too,” she replied, but stood and stretched, left him to his devices anyway.
His voice was wavering, and he could feel the fear, the revulsion filling him up again, like it’d had when he ran out of the house and down two blocks to find this phone booth. Or maybe it was just the vodka coming back up.
Tony was deathly still as Steve held his length there in his throat, just held it, like Tony was nothing more than a sleeve, a comfy hole to warm his dick. Tony couldn’t breathe, but he didn’t care to really, and didn’t until his lungs started burning a little, and he felt lightheaded. His eyes rolled back a little, and he squirmed on the bed. Steve didn’t pull out though.
The next morning, they got a visit from Ross.
He could barely feel his body. It was all just one continuous pulse, his limbs weak and heavy and strained. He felt dizzy, like everything was spinning, but pulled together his focus, opened his eyes, desperate to catch sight of his son.
Tony bit his lip, squeezed his eyes shut. “No,” he replied, because it was the truth. He
“Hardly. You’re the one who looks like a greek god,” Tony replied, though he smiled a little, arched into Steve’s hands.
“Steve,” Tony whined softly, thrusting forward a little on his lap. “Fuck me, please, I want your cock.”
He’d been halfway to a meeting at SI when it set in this time, and though he knew Pepper would be irritated that he had to skip, he wouldn’t be much help doubled over the conference table with the heel of his palm pressed against his eye socket. Happy had turned around to take him back to the Tower while the scientist sank further and further into the back seat, his jaw clenched and brows knit, the pain steadily rising.
The medical team wouldn’t let him rest though, wouldn’t let him give up. Nurse Celene was bracing one of his legs, and the midwife—he couldn’t remember her name right now, and he’d feel bad about it later, because he’d definitely had several visits with her during his appointments—was at the foot of the bed, ready and waiting, monitoring his progress.
Steve was fine, he told himself. They were all fine. Why wouldn’t they be fine? They’d lasted this long out there, and from the general state of the world, the Big Thing, the thing Tony had been anticipating for years to come, wasn’t at their doorstep yet, so there was no reason things shouldn’t be fine. They definitely were fine.
“Oh…” was all he managed for the moment.
Tony felt his heart shatter, drop straight through the floor.
“You two looked so adorable like that,” Tony whispered. “I’ll never get sick of it.”
“That doesn’t surprise me in the least,” Steve replied, and he patted Tony’s thighs where they were framing his waist. “You know exactly how to get what you want, huh?”
to hurt him if he would just listen, if he would stop being such a selfish little prick and just
It didn’t take all that long to push Tony to the edge. Steve played his body like a fiddle, speeding up, slowing down, letting his spit make the way smooth and wet, pulling off of his cock to lick at his balls, let his teeth graze over the sensitive flesh of his thigh before swallowing him down again.
Steve sighed in annoyance at Howard, frowned heavily, and held Tony closer. “I’m so sorry,” he said.
“He’ll probably ask for you too,” Tony replied.
Maybe it was just the company that made it that much more impactful. Hell, a glass of champagne never tasted better than when Tony could peer at the blond through the bubbles in the glass, and the high-end dinners he had to suffer through were sweet as honey with the soldier at his side. Everything was just better with Steve around.
to the party, and then you were intent on ruining it, acted like a little kid just to get back at me, or at your dad, or something else. I don’t know. I never know with you. All I know is you better
“Is that a promise?” Tony replied, raising a brow. He knew damn well it was, but couldn’t help but let his sharp tongue have its way.
his brain unhelpfully supplied.
“I will do my best to ensure Ross doesn’t discover the truth,” Vision replied. “Once I analyze the crash site, I can attempt to identify their path, figure out where they might be going. Perhaps I can intercept them.”
“Fuck, sweetheart,” he gasped, hands flexing against the bed, gripping the sheets.
Tony did. He pushed with all his might, and pain rippled up his body and the shoulders followed a few seconds later. From there it was easy work, all things considered, the baby sliding out into the hands of the midwife, and Tony sobbed, and felt relief for the first time in
For now, he leaned forward, closed the last few inches of distance between them, and kissed Tony. It was just a slight brush of their lips, really, something unspeakably tender, but even so he could feel the brunet relax against him just a little bit. Tony kissed him back, a proper kiss this time, and Steve’s eyes slipped closed. He was still tired, and eager to sleep again, but kissing Tony was always a welcome substitute.
He felt ashamed, not only at what had happened, what he’d gotten himself into, but what was happening now, at the fact that he was calling Steve Rogers in the middle of the night.
inside, filling every inch of space, fighting for room, sliding in and out of him, against his walls, against his prostate with big, long, slow drags, sending trails of pleasure up and down his spine, sharp in his groin, straight to his hard and leaking cock.
“I’ll take what I can get,” Steve replied, certainty in his tone. “I’ll take every second, every moment I can. I love you, Tony, and I know it’s not ideal this way, but if it’s enough for you, it’s enough for me.”
Just for him.
Fuck, he needed that in him, wanted it so bad. He knew it’d be just the thing to push him over the edge, just the extra bit of stimulation he needed to come tumbling down, for the tension to release. It was creeping up in him fast, and the same was said for Steve, because he let out a quick but desperate moan, and couldn’t keep his hands off of Tony anymore, gripped the brunet’s hips to drive him down on his knot.
He tried to take comfort in the feeling of Steve’s body against him, the knowledge that he was still here, that he wasn’t going anywhere, despite the mistakes, and the way they’d argued when all of this started. They argued a lot lately, thanks to stress, and he’d hoped to break the combative streak, but he’d only escalated it thanks to three unfortunate days in his lab.
“I’m serious,” the soldier said. He paused a second, stroked the palm of his boyfriend’s hand with his thumb. “I’ll do it. Besides, I think it’s time…” he fished in his pocket with his free hand for a second, pulled out the small black jewelry box. “Time for your present.”
for more. His hand slid back down Tony’s back, hesitated just a moment before settling on the curve of his ass.
“Well you have to call him,” Sam interjected. “He needs to know what happened and we need help. We should try to get to the nearest town, find a phone.”
“I don’t mind,” Tony replied, taking in the concern on Steve’s face.
Tasha had suggested all of this in the first place, a few months after they started dating. They’d had a conversation about sexuality, about her sexual history and then his, and his bisexuality and hers, and the solution planted itself in that genius brain of hers pretty quick, one of many dirty little games she invented for them, that they enjoyed whenever they could.
, he especially didn’t want to hear it like that.
Did birds fly, did fish swim?
tall.”
When Steve pulled back, Tony let out a content little sigh, hazy eyes gazing up at him reverently.
“Oh, please,
Tony didn’t waste much time from there, wrapping his lips around the head, sinking down on the length, slicking it up with his saliva. Steve let out a long breath, couldn’t help but roll his hips a little at the heat, the wet and soft cavern of the brunet’s mouth, his hands balled into fists at his side.
Thankfully, nobody protested.
Steve let out a little groan of anticipation.
But where could they go from here? How could Steve get back to him without making their sacrifices a waste? He wasn’t sure.
He’d needed him ever since he met the guy, at his retirement party 6 months ago. He had needed him ever since he caught sight of Steve Rogers in the middle of a room of veterans and rich bastards and acquaintances, looking lost and uncomfortable and kind of sad, and their eyes had met between passing guests. He had needed him every moment since then, in every way, and his emotions were unrelenting, had been ever since.
Steve shut his eyes tight, shook his head and let the words fall out of his mouth. “I’m so sorry, Tony, for everything I’ve done. I know I’ve said it again and again, b-but I can never express how much I mean it. I don’t deserve you, I never did, and you were right. You were right about
“Yes sir,” Steve replied, and within minutes, was out like a light again.
Tony’s heart beat a little faster, and the pause made him remember exactly what they were up to. “Can you—will you—?”
Tony could remember the words he’d whispered, the way it felt being in Steve’s arms, properly, for the first time. He remembered the look in Steve’s eyes, the way it felt to be kissed by him, to be held, to be
So much had changed since then, and the boy grew every day, learned more, and discovered more. Tony cherished every moment with him, every new milestone, but sometimes thought it was all moving so
“I do say so. Now come here and be quiet.”
Tony ordered.
Steve wanted to keep it like that.
Luckily, no such threat was present today.
He loved
They filled the basket.
Tony snuggled a little closer, tucked his head under Steve’s chin. It did feel really nice, made him feel a little less frantic. He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to sleep really, but he could try. Steve’s arms enveloped him, warm and familiar. If Tony closed his eyes, he could pretend they were back at home instead of in a tiny bed at Barton’s farm.
“Oh yeah, darling. Gonna swim around with you and Daddy. You wanna swim?” Tony asked, close enough now to adjust Peter’s little hat.
Sam took a deep breath, tried to think of how to respond. “I guess the only thing to do is wait and see. Maybe the right choice will become clear for us.”
to let you go. I want you to be mine, Steve, and I have from the first fucking time I spoke to you.”
quiet at the moment. Tony couldn’t hear the TV playing, or any baby giggles or Steve’s voice, and when he followed Steve’s faint scent to their living room, he understood why.
‘That makes two of you then,’ she says through a small laugh. ‘You’ll be best friends again in no time, Steve. You work too well together not to. Just be patient with him, you know how much he hates heart-to-heart conversations.’
‘Is it bad?’
‘Is he happy with the Accords?’ Rhodes asks, taking a seat at the bar as Tony pours the three of them a drink. He nods in response.
‘I thought you were supposed to supervise whilst these experiments are going on?’ Ross counters.
‘You still set fire to the food occasionally,’ Vision says, ‘and it still takes you two hours to make an omelette.’
That’s when Bucky notices the red light surrounding it. He turns and sees Wanda behind him, a determined frown of concentration on her face and her hands outstretched. When the last of the machines inside the ice have been destroyed she unleashes her power and the disk explodes.
‘Oh thank god,’ Tony breathes a sigh of relief. ‘Right, well I better go before they start crying and it all gets messy.’
‘Not with the way you’re eating it, it won’t last a week,’ Valkyrie huffs.
Still, not the weirdest thing he’s ever seen in his life.
She laughs. ‘I think we’re safe. For one thing Valkyrie may not have told him this, but she was not happy with the thought of him “wasting” whatever that stuff is called. I think she swapped his bottle for something else.’
‘Any luck?’ Steve asks as he walks in, saying a quick thank you to the AI.
‘What?’ Bucky demands. ‘And you’re only telling us this now?’
‘So go put some pants on and come help then! Or go help clean the kitchen or start going through the stuff FRIDAY collated on Zemo,’ Tony counters as he gets back to his mission. ‘God, I hate this house, and it’s taking revenge on me.’
‘Dude we’re going into a
‘Don’t worry Buckaroo she didn’t ruin your good looks,’ Tony laughs, then takes the spare seat next to Steve. ‘Let me guess, you’re not so annoyed at being beaten as you are that Sam, I’m guessing, used your own line against you?’
‘Well there’s still plenty of time for that,’ he reassures him. ‘Come on let’s go see who they decided to leave on guard.’
‘Hey no fair!’ he scowls at Wanda.
‘Oh wonderful, more shopping.’
‘You can’t save everyone, baby boy.’
Clint barks a laugh. ‘Definitely not the word I’d use for Bruce, but ok.’
‘Prepare to lose, Buck,’ he chuckles.
‘Wade!’ Peter pulls back and slaps his laughing boyfriend on the chest. ‘Not helping!’
‘Steve, what-’
‘So basically just like Christmas leftovers then?’ Tony grins. Steve just gives him a soft smile and leans in for a kiss. ‘What was that for?’ he asks when the blond pulls away.
‘Probably something to do with freedom and righteousness,’ Tony teases, helmet not yet raised to cover his face.
‘No, I know it’s not been easy for you, Pete, with me not letting us-’
As always here's your sneak peek:
He pauses.
‘Your power is based around the changing and warping of reality, similar to the stone,’ Strange explains, ‘you may be best placed to counter its power should someone get hold of it.’
‘You know Buck I’m starting to wonder when you’re going to ask me to be best man,’ Steve teases, not sure why that joke leaves a bit of a sour taste in his mouth.
safe.’ He raises a hand when Peter starts to argue. ‘If you keep yourself safe you have the chance to save more people in the future. You do the suicide play for the person who’s just going to get shot two seconds after you? No point. Not when you can potentially save the remaining ten people if you’re still alive and uninjured.
‘The only place you aren’t allowed without permission is my workshop,’ Tony says, standing up and stretching. ‘But then no one is.’
Thor turns to his brother. ‘Try not to get up to too much mischief while I’m gone.’
‘There’s multiple heat signatures still registering boss, and it looks like-’
‘Just…I love you.’
‘And the other hostages?’ Rhodes asks.
‘True,’ Wade muses, ‘I’d be more pissed that he’s putting out for other people before me.’
‘Alright everyone this afternoon Thor is going to be talking a bit about inter-galactic diplomacy,’ Natasha calls the attention back to her, ‘which is either going to sound really exciting or really boring to you, but I promise we’ve got a couple of activities to try and make it more interesting.’
‘No Aunt May,’ Peter says tiredly, before Tony can answer, ‘the Avengers saved us.’
Loki turns to him in surprise. ‘No I do not. Do…do you?’
‘I’ll continue to look at what was in that gas they set off,’ Bruce picks up the conversation again. ‘So far, I can’t work out what it was, but whatever it is has to be strong. At the moment I’m leaning towards some form of mutation of a sedative.’
‘Boys,’ she presses her comms link with one finger, her other hand still working away, ‘you want to try and keep out of sight of the cameras more?’
Also made him the world’s worst nag when it came to his self-destructive habits. He was still able to predict when they’d happen almost to the minute.
‘No more than usual. It’s fine I can handle it, I’m a big girl.’
‘Want to fill us in?’ Natasha asks.
Another masked figure chooses that moment to enter the main area where they’re being held, a woman this time. ‘We’ve got a problem,’ she says, capturing her friends’ attention.
Steve looks at him with much more interest now. ‘Why are you so interested?
‘Why would you do that?’ he asks, suspicious of this apparent display of generosity.
‘Oh god,’ Rhodes collapses into a chair. ‘You put the reactor back in his
‘That’s a hell of a lot of trust to be placing on their relationship,’ Fury points out.
‘Kid, focus,’ Natasha says, fighting back a smile.
‘Peter?’
He grimaces. ‘Ugh, don’t remind me. That’s going to take some getting used to.’
‘Hey! Mr Stark!’
,’ Loki grumbles, ‘it’s just I’ve never been able to take the form before without the aid of an artefact before and never had the inclination to do so.’
‘How many times am I going to have to come and save your punk ass then Buck?’ Steve asks, his strained smile betraying how difficult he’s finding making the joke. It reminds Bucky of when he left to go to war, back before the serum when they’d gone to the Expo.
Shuri and Tony exchange a grin and shrug in agreement. ‘Quill’s insisting on a dance off so Rhodey’s gone to sort out the music,’ she explains. ‘Will either of you two take part?’
They will all be done at some point, I’m just interested in what you guys would like to see first. Again do let me know if there are any requests!
‘You can hear my heartbeat? That’s like equal parts creepy and awesome!’
‘Boss’ orders, Captain.’
‘Dammit Tony take something seriously for once in your life!’
He can’t say anything as he turns his back on his best friend and stumbles through the portal, hearing it close behind them as they step through into the Wakandan Embassy. Everyone else fades away as Tony appears in front of him, pulling him into a tight embrace. Steve isn’t sure if they’re shaking more from his supressed sobs or Tony’s.
‘Are you sure he’s not going to mind?’ the man asks as he does as he’s told.
‘You make me sound like such a kill joy,’ Steve grumbles as he starts the car and they pull away. Peter relaxes in the backseat, the banter is familiar and he thinks he’s gotten away with the incident with Flash.
‘Monty taught you to shoot? Dammit Tony you must be a crack shot.’
. Is Wade’s next message.
So when I see Tony climbing to his feet, struggling to hold his arm still and stop it from shaking, I run forwards before he can snap and I grab his hand.
arguments.’
‘Sergeant Barnes, Mister Stark?’ Rumlow frowns, and Steve is struck by how completely in control of this situation Tony is, and has to bite back on a smirk.
‘Wait, Iron Man? What the fuck do you want on Christmas Eve?’
Tony grins. ‘Oh but I would. Hey FRIDAY? Prepare to install the ‘dance-off protocol’ to the War Machine suits.’
. As long as you’re still with us we can get through anything. Not because you have the suit, although I’ll admit I’m happier to have you fighting in the suit than out of it; but because you have the most brilliant mind I’ve ever come across.
I can't tell you just how much it means to me that I've still got people sticking with this story, and the love from comments has been incredible. I've had a particularly difficult week at work this week, and getting a message to say I've had a comment and reading it has been one of the things that's kept me sane. So thank you all my wonderful readers and reviewers. Please, please, please if there is anything I can have a go at writing that you would love to see, either in this series or as a separate one, do let me know; I'd love to be able to show some appreciation back to you all.
“Next time, you ride with me. Okay?” And Tony’s whole face cracks at that, his eyes are big and shimmering. Rhodey’s body sags in relief, in sorrow for all the things he failed to protect this man from. He forgets all about the strangeness of Tony’s skin, ignores the hard metallic feeling of it where the man rests his temple against Rhodey’s chin. Nothing matters anymore. He found him, he has him and he is bringing him home.
So, after kissing her on the cheek goodnight and yelling at Happy to make her get some dinner on the way home, he steps into the Malibu mansion alone and exhausted. He will later blame said exhaustion for jumping when a voice calls out to him from the walls, “It is so good to have you back Sir.”
Steve looks back at him and gives a jerky shake of his head, before dropping Tony’s hand and walking the rest of the way to the couch. He kicks off his shoes, tucking them under it with a nudge of his toe, and swings off his hoodie to toss it across the back. Then he sits, posture laughably formal and palms rubbing into the tops his legs. The color is bleeding over his cheeks and suddenly, Tony is calm.
“Thank you, can’t say the same.” Rogers responds, voice still completely flat. Tony slaps a hand hard down on the glass table, laugh loud and sharp.
She smiles gleefully in return before pulling him back from her chest, Jarvis aiding with the movement. “Let Mama see your hands.” And Tony responds immediately,  thrusting them forward so quickly she needs to blink a few times before they come into focus. The skin is a beautiful deep red and nothing at all like a burn. It shimmers with an underlay of gold and yellow making his hands seem somehow metallic and armored in the brilliant colors. As she stares down the shimmer mutes and the red recedes into a rich pink. Something about the display chills her in the way of old forgotten memories and she breathes deeply a few times before looking back into her son’s waiting eyes. Both boy and butler are looking at her in concern, but just as Tony’s little nose screws up as he registers the sent of wine on her breath she regains the moment and speaks. “Oh, it is not too bad.”
“This is your first Christmas since Barnes,” And yes, this is why he really should be put in a mussel. Steve’s whole body is a study in tension and Tony wants to leave, wants to flee back downstairs to his perfect lot of not quite strangers and drink until someone takes pity on him and blows him in the bathroom.  “I- I’m sorry, I didn’t mean-”
“Tony! The torch!” She yelps as the end of his fraying AC/DC t-shirt ignites. Tony blinks at her for a hysterical moment before flicking his eyes to the side and frowning at the fire working its way up his shoulder.
“I don’t know! It was just a joke.” He answers, falling forward and slapping his thigh and then Steve’s back. There is water prickling at the corner of Steve’s eyes and he swipes at it while trying to gulp in enough breath to get back to the topic.
It’s not a new thought, but it still gets his head spinning a little bit. It’s so different, this connection, this never ending spark, actually wanting to keep someone around day after day after day. And he wants to, oh god, he wants to keep Steve right here for the rest of their lives. It feels imperative, like his very atoms will fizzle out and dissipate if they break for anything more than air.
“Why not?” He pleads, out right pleads and he can’t even muster any shame for it. This deserves pleading, deserves him whining and gripping the front of Steve’s shirt, his pout pulled down just a touch too far to be attractive.
“If that’s wine I’ll eat my hat.” The perfect arch of Steve’s raised eyebrow really isn’t helping matters, so Tony spins in his stool and takes a sniff of his drink as he looks out on the crowd filling the large open floor. He knows now is a good time to stop, right before he tips into fully sloshed, but its smooth flavor calls out just beneath the beat of the music all around him.
“Don’t worry platypus. It works great, all my stuff does.” Rhodey snorts half-heartedly. “Hey, the important stuff always does!” Another little chuckle and Tony pouts and turns his head away from Rhodey, but can’t hold it for long before grinning back at his friend. They smile at each other for a lot longer than deserved by the comment and yet not long enough at all. There are so many mistakes not yet made and Tony wants to bask in this easy brotherhood, without all of the baggage they will gather in the coming years.
Also, Tony was inclined to trust his prison mate on that statement of reality. There really wasn’t a way to know for sure, not completely, but simplest explanation and all. The pain on each cycle felt real enough, as did the bullets and the tube. The earnestness and bafflement on Yinsen’s face seemed too genuine for the man to not be experiencing consciousness himself. Plus, Tony always assumed reality over magic or religion. Hypothesis número dos may just deserve to be his working theory.
“I’m afraid, “ A pause, one that stretches long enough that Steve contemplates repeating his last question, “Iron Man is unavailable for a sparring match today.”
“What, you can’t think-”
“I have an IQ of 4 billion.” Tony goes with, not one of his bests, but his haughty tone gets the joke across. The undercurrent gets lighter in Rogers anyways.
“Um, yes.” Stark answers, eyes jumping from Steve to scan the room. He coughs and there is a tightness to his posture again. “Yes, he talks about you a lot.”
“Coffee?” He repeats dummly, looking up at the ceiling in confusion. In all the time he’s been staying here, he can not remember having coffee before his run. Nor does he recall ever having it automated by JARVIS, taking the preparation upon himself when he does indulge.
Yinsen looks up from his scribblings of partial code and equations as Tony takes a seat next to him by the fire. He keeps them close to his chest as he slides them into the pillowcase turned secret satchel, back preventing camera three from catching their existence. It’s more cautious than Tony knows they need to be, never once did anyone even glance at the plans last time, but Yinsen feels more secure this way. Plus, Tony cannot be certain the lack of supervision came from ignorance and not the stealth of their movements, so he merely follows suit and does not comment.
“Think the stew is ready?” Steve asks after finishing his soft exploration of Tony’s neck and shoulders. Tony hums and stands up, moving to the stove and giving it another stir.
Steve does none of this, hasn’t done more than wrap his arms all the way around Tony’s waist to keep their chests pressed together. It feels great when he does, feels amazing when one of those big hands is pressing into Tony’s back while the other rubs circles into the dip just above his ass. He wants more though, he wants every single inch of Steve in a way that makes him feel nearly delirious.
Tony just nods, not even disappointed anymore. Too hallow, too wrung dry. He just wants to crawl into that bed with Steve and never wake up.
For long minutes he just stares at it. The box is light weight, a deep shimmering black and made of some kind of metal. There is no latch, no markings on the outside, but Steve knows exactly what lays inside it. He can remember the ring like it came from some far away dream. It will be a simple tungsten, hammered and brushed into an imperfect pattern on the outside but baby smooth inside. There he will find a simple engraving in a script too neat to be called cursive, but soft and swaying all the same.
“Money. It’s always money with me sugar.” A shrug and a smile and Rhodey is sighing heavy with closed eyes. The fight is still in him, but like a good soldier it is set to simmer for the long game.
“Alright.” Iron Man says, gauntlet resting on Steve’s shoulder. The contact feels too good for words. “What is the weirdest thing?”
“Yes, don’t you think I’d make a good kept man?” He asks, gesturing down at himself as if a half burned shirt and mostly soaked pants were the height of fashion.
It feels intimate, laying under Steve and looking into his eyes. He feels connected, feels seen and known and not rebuked for any of it. He feels desired and cared for and he loves how soft Steve’s hair is so very much.
He moves fully into the kitchen, watching as the genius continues on without noticing him. The stillness of the man seems unnatural, like watching a wild animal performing in the circus. For all the issues he may have with him, he knows him to be the personification of energy itself. He is always moving, always talking, passing through one persona into the next and never stopping for a breath. It feels like he is stealing something by witnessing the calmness of him in the afternoon light.
He leaves without hearing either of their calls for him. The battle seems to be over, but he can focus on the clean up. He can focus on what he understands and make sense of Tony later. Much later if he can help it.
Not that they’ve done this before, they’ve never done this before. Steve would remember it better, would keep the memory close and protected like it contained a matter of national security. He shakes his head and looks back at Tony as the elevator doors open, meets his eyes and forgets all about his silly cat shirt.
“You coming?” Tony asks as he reaches to his right and hits the button to open the doors, canting his hip to the side and widening his stance in invitation. With smoldering eyes, Steve stalks forward seemingly just as caught up in this sudden heat between them. Tony makes it into the elevator fully before Steve is upon him, pressing him up against the wall with all his weight.
“Rhodey, go with Pepper.” Once they are fully inside the building Tony snakes out from Rhodey’s arm and starts walking away from him towards the center stage.
“Don’t worry kids, Daddy knows what he is doing.” They both balk at that and continue to follow him out across the hall and out into the courtyard. He cuts across and towards the parking lot, where he can see Happy jumping into the driver's seat.
“What the hell are you hiding under there?” Rhodey demands when they are left alone in what Tony assumes is some important person’s personal tent. The cot is very comfortable and the desk to the left is covered in papers and folders. There is even a red rug under his feet.
“Shrapnel in my chest. Yinsen put a electromagnet in there to keep them from, you know, killing me via deadly dance party. The car battery wasn’t going to match with my Louboutins, so I slapped this together instead.” Rhodey’s face grows more and more horrified as the words flow from Tony in a rush. His eyes alternate from Tony’s face and chest for long minutes, before he staggers and sits down next to Tony on the cot.
“Yeah?” Tony asks him, pulls his bottom lip between his teeth in that way that’s driven Steve crazy as long as he’s known him. He can’t help but lean further in to capture it between his own teeth. He delights in the soft gasp that earns him and soothes the bite with a slow swipe of his tongue. Tony melts a little deeper into his lap and Steve takes another long moment to just press their lips flush against each other. When he pulls back, Tony’s eyes are closed and he leans forward to chase his kiss before opening them.
“Tony.” Steve says in as soothing a tone as he can muster and runs both his hands up over his shoulder, through his hair and down to cup his face. “I’m so sorry.”
“That last stunt says otherwise.” Steve points out, hand itching to smooth back the large clump of hair now hanging over the other man’s forehead.
“Propose?” Steve agrees, smile pulling up on one side of his face. He feels a ball of bright light pressing into his ribcage, feels hope filling up his chest until nothing more could possibly fit.
Tony unbuttons his suit jacket when he sits and Steve makes the comment he can feel sitting on the edge of his tongue. It makes Tony laugh like Steve knew it would and even though a part of him feels like that may have been cheating, the result makes him feel too warm for guilt.
Steve’s smile falters at that and he looks down at their joined hands. He is still angry, still hurt and surprised and confused, but more than anything he is happy. He is happy to be able to sit here like this, to touch and be touched, to finally know how much his best friend smirks.
“Hey, Shellhead.” Steve replies, easy smile spreading his lips. It feels nice to sit down for a chat together, feels like it has been years. Distantly, he remembers that they have gone much longer than a week without so much as speaking, but he pushes that thought away. He has every right to miss his friend no matter the length of separation.
The other little quirks of her cursed baby do not escape her notice, but at least all of those are easily explained away or ignored by everyone else. If Tony whines and shivers extra in the harsh New York winters, Jarvis only buys him thicker and more expensive coats and gloves. If Tony insists on taking baths just shy of scolding, Maria simply tells everyone it is the Italian blood longing for Mediterranean summers. If Tony guards his favorite toys with a too terrible ferocity, well no one really expects a Stark child to be immune to materialism.
“Har har, chuckles.” He snarks back, but there is a curl to the side of his mouth and Steve just laughs. “I can drink it just fine.”
That’s actually why he’d so readily gone with the whole trapped forever in hell spiel. Time travel just wasn’t possible, not with anything even slightly resembling current technologies. He knew it and still.
“How can you say that?” She demands, hands forming fists at her side.
“That really was just a series of misunderstandings and your inability to get over it really shows a rather imperative character flaw for someone I trust with so much information. I don’t know if this position is really right for you.” Tony babbles, admittedly stalling because he really cannot involve her in this again. He also really cannot lie to her when she is looking at him with those eyes.
That is certainly a thought. He is already dead, might as well act out one of his oldest and darkest fantasies.
It is not until nearly a year later that she remembers the night. This time she is only a few minutes returned from a weekly lunch with the wives of the company board members and only slightly buzzed. No clambering or worried yells bring her to her son this time. Instead they happen upon each other in the front room for the first time since yesterday morning. The sight of her son is enough of a pleasant surprise that what exactly the young thing is doing does not register for several long moments. Then in a sudden burst the licking of the flames from the fireplace spit forward to cover more of Tony’s arms and she gasps in horror.
‘It builds core strength,’ Natasha explains, ‘improves your balance and stamina as well; it’s perfect for Wanda as she doesn’t need to do the same kind of training we do. It was one of the first things they taught us when I started my training.’
Everyone nods, an atmosphere of friendly competition is beginning to rise between the two teams.
‘Tony, what-’
She shakes her head on a small laugh. She catches sight of Peter as he exits the building with Ned and MJ and waves when he sees her; he turns to say goodbye to his friends and Wanda pushes herself off the fence she’s been leaning on. Hopefully they’ll be able to go soon, as much as she doesn’t actively listen to people’s thoughts sometimes they just think too loudly for her to be able to ignore, and schools are one of the worst places. Her powers have been a little temperamental since they faced Thanos in Wakanda which is making it harder for her to block them out; she can’t go down into the workshop when Tony’s working any more because he thinks too loudly and too quickly and it’s sure to give her a headache.
Steve moves Tony’s hands away from the shampoo, picking the bottle up himself and squirting it into his hands, lathering it into Tony’s hair and massaging into his scalp.
Wanda laughs. ‘Maybe web slinging is not the best way to decorate a tree. Or maybe next year you should try climbing it.’
‘How about we go get some breakfast,’ Steve suggests, ‘and discuss this more up there? I’d rather keep work out of our bed if you don’t mind.’
There’s a chorus of cheers and congratulations as Steve joins him and the watching group join them.
‘Not about me,’ he shrugs. ‘They’ve been making opinions about me as long as I’ve been alive, and given me more nicknames than I can keep up with. But the rest of you? Yes I do care what they think of you. You heard what happened with Wanda and Vision when they first went out?’ Natasha nods, face serious. ‘I don’t want that to happen to anyone else, and I don’t want it to happen to her again. It’s not fair for her to have to stay here all the time when she’s such a great kid.’
Scott looks up at him through one black eye, the other covered by an ice pack, and heaves a sigh of relief. ‘Thank God.’
Two days later they are downstairs in Tony’s workshop; Bucky is sitting in a chair that Tony’s adapted his ‘memory machine’ to fit, Wanda and Vision are waiting nearby.
As always here's your sneak peek:
‘Steve ants are here now! I’m setting them on the guys by the door. Run!’ Scott shouts.
‘I’m staying.’
Tony holds Sam’s eye, seeing if he can get any clues from the other man’s expression. ‘What makes you say that?’
Loki pauses and sighs. ‘I thought I had that comradery before with the Warriors Three, Sif and my brother. I was mistaken then and I do not wish to make the same mistake again.’
Clint looks between her, the teenager and the mercenary before back to his friend. She nods and his stance relaxes slightly. ‘You really think you’re going to take me out with that stance, kid?’ he says, voice a little easier again. ‘You’ve been learning too much from, Nat. Remind me to show you some proper fighting moves before I go.’
Peter smiles. ‘Sure Ned, I’ll introduce you.’
‘Thank you,’ Natasha sighs, letting some of the tension seep out of her shoulders.
If possible, Tony’s smirk gets wider as he reaches into his jacket and pulls out his trump card. ‘I don’t care if it does or not, because I don’t need to release anything right now. See Rhodey and I paid a visit to the President; a wonderful guy, by the way, and still likes to keep in touch after we helped him during the whole Mandarin incident. You know the White House does these amazing cookies? I need to get the recipe sent over at some point. Anyway, we got talking about our blond friend back here,’ he jabs a thumb over his shoulder at Steve, who has been staying mercifully quiet throughout this whole exchange. Part of him wonders if Natasha is having something to do with that, but doesn’t want to risk looking back. ‘I may have expressed some nerves about just such a thing as this happening on his arrival back on US soil. Now it seems the President’s dear old dad was one of the men that Cap saved from Hydra on that solo mission I mentioned. Turns out he’s still really grateful about that, so he decided to write and sign an official pardon, just to make absolutely sure that the hero who saved his dad would stay free.’ Taking great delight with every word, Tony reads the pardon aloud, watching as Ross’ face goes from red to purple. ‘Nat? Do me a favour and show this to the Secretary? I wouldn’t want him to think I was making all of this up.’
‘I got a bad feeling about this,’ Steve says as they head back out of the doors.
‘Oh good, he’s back. I was starting to regret agreeing to stay here while I recovered with you gone. The team are much more irritating without you,’ Strange says, coming in with Bruce. ‘Only Doctor Banner was a solace to me.’
Also, Steve holding him close, flashing a brilliant smile and laughing was always a plus. They’d been in public together thousands of times, had appeared in thousands of photos together, but there was something about it that still made Tony’s heart flutter a little, made him proud. Steve was
Tony couldn’t relax though. His head was pounding, his bones aching, and the meager breakfast he’d had felt like it was halfway to coming back up. He was familiar enough with vomiting that he’d learned to postpone it, to sometimes even prevent it from happening at all, but something told him he was delaying the inevitable today.
Steve’s hands were hot against Tony’s skin, but it was nothing against the heat that consumed him when the blond kept
Steve was glad Tony felt comfortable like that here. He was relaxed, and a little quieter because of it, happier than he’d been in a while. He’d let out more than one growl in the days leading up to their vacation, either into the phone, at a stray toy laying on the floor, and even at Steve at some point, so it was a relief to see him in a good mood, to be surrounded by a smooth and sweet vanilla-whiskey scent, without a sharp edge to it.
Steve’s things, that Steve wanted him to now, was amazing. Maybe all the shit he’d been through last night was for a reason. Maybe he had to make it through the bad, needed that extra push, and this, his brand new
She was a little terrified too, honestly. They’d been so careful the last few months, tried to hold it together, and the new normal they’d created for themselves had just been spectacularly disrupted. They were in danger, had cut it pretty close, and it wouldn’t get any safer now. Wakanda was a potential sanctuary. They’d have to work hard to get there, harder than she preferred.
“Don’t you dare,” the brunet said, and his eyes snapped down to follow the movement of Steve’s hands, settled on his massive cock, standing at attention between his legs.
Steve didn’t waste another second on the ground. He got to his feet, his heart beating fast, and the blood rushing in his ears. There were tears on Tony’s cheeks too, he could see now, and his brow was furrowed, expression a mixture of angry and pained, and Steve’s throat felt impossibly tight. He waited for more. He expected more shouting, more insults, like he’d received over the phone so many times, like Tony should be giving him, but they didn’t seem to be coming.
He didn’t think that was true, of course, but he liked the way Tony whimpered a little when he said it, like he always did. Tony licked his lips and opened his mouth obediently, suddenly perfectly well behaved, unlike he’d been downstairs. Typical.
Tony was limp on the bed, chest heaving with each breath, and his legs fell on either side of Steve, unable to keep them locked behind him anymore.  “Uhn, Steve,” he sighed, still swimming on that tide of pleasure a little. “Good? Was it good? That was—fuck, that was good. I love you. I love you so much,” he babbled as Steve slowly pulled out, inch by inch, and settled at his side.
“Come on, honey, why don’t you give it to me, huh?” he asked.
They sat in silence for another minute or two before she announced she was getting tired, rubbed her eyes. He supposed there wasn’t much else to talk about. The show on the television kept droning on, little more than uncomfortable background noise, until they’d had enough.
The scientist sighed wistfully. “There’s no place like home,” he said. He wished they were home.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said with a chuckle. “I’ll make it up to you when we get home with these. I’ll even buy you something from the gift shop.”
Steve seemed to sense that. He glanced at Tony’s lips, just a fraction of a second, and then focused on his eyes instead. He’d always been able to fall into them, to lose himself in them, and doing so now, having the opportunity to, was more than he thought he’d ever have again.
Tony really couldn’t take it anymore. His hand flew up to unzip his pants. He
For once, Tony didn’t know what to say, and that made him frown.
His hand shook around the door handle, and he wasn’t sure how long he would have stood there, paralyzed with fear, with anticipation, too afraid to open it. But even through the door he could hear Tony’s crying, thanks to his sensitive ears.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, could feel them damp with tears as the blond pummeled his prostate now, trying to drive him over the edge or maybe just chasing his own pleasure, and that gave Tony the push he needed, and suddenly he was cumming so hard he saw stars behind his eyes. He came all over his fist, a high whine slipping out of his lips, that made him sound like a needy little whore, and goddamn it felt good.
The brunet laughed a little, dropped his gaze to the table. “I should get this cleaned up,” he sighed.
He took a deep breath, tried to put another stroke of paint on the canvas, a long, sweeping one, that took up a good chunk of the surface.
“I love you,” Steve murmured in his ear, voice low and smooth, and it made Tony’s heart flutter.
…!” Steve replied, exasperated.
Fuck, he wanted to see him. He needed to talk to him, to know that they’d truly taken the leap, that they were going to be together now. He needed to know that Steve hadn’t just humored him last night with that kiss. Tony had practically begged for it, if he remembered correctly. He hoped Steve wasn’t just taking pity on him. That’d be worse than never getting to kiss the man at all. No, he needed to lay it all out clearly. He needed to know.
he thought.
,  gave Steve the courage to slowly open the door and step inside. Now Steve was on his hands and knees, trying to stop the world from spinning, trying to plead his case.
, or at least, was interested in him. He thought Tony was interested in him too sometimes, had to be, with all the comments he made. He kept waiting for Tony to take things a step further, to breach the subject with Steve. As far as everyone knew, Steve was straight, but he really wasn’t. Steve was interested in women
“I’m sorry for running into you—I shouldn’t have been so close, but I really hate the rain and I’m cold as hell and you were going the same way, so I’ve sort of been using your umbrella for cover? I know that’s really weird, but I mean, if you hadn’t stopped, you would’ve never have known, so it’s kind of your fault that we’re having this awkward moment. Shit, okay, it’s not
“You just lay back,” Steve said, raising his eyes to look at Tony. They were deep and so damn blue, clear and beautiful, darkened by his dilated pupils. They still took Tony’s breath away on occasion. He doubted that would ever change. (He didn’t want it to.)
, when it was
None of his other symptoms had gone away, really. Maybe he felt a little more clear-headed, less…
When the brunet let out a moan that vibrated around his length, Steve knew it was time to get to work, and he pressed forward, and forward, reached down to adjust Tony’s head a little, and suddenly, the head of his cock slipped down Tony’s throat.
“Where are you going?” Tony asked as Steve walked away, and in the back of his mind he knew it was a stupid question, but his impaired judgment, his stupid delicate frame of mind(when wasn’t his judgment impaired when Steve was in the room?) made him ask it anyway.
Before he shut the door to the bathroom in preparation of his well-deserved shower, Steve gently cupped his face, brushed a thumb over his cheek, and smiled at him.
filling him with cock.
It wasn’t Steve’s fault, he reminded himself. He was sure the blond wanted to be here just as much as Tony wanted him here, right? If he didn’t want to be here, he wouldn’t have given him updates, wouldn’t have promised he would make it. He would’ve told Tony to his face that he didn’t want any of this, that he wanted to break up. He would have ended it a long time ago, maybe let the brunet down gently, or maybe laughed in his face, cut him with harsh words like when they met. He wouldn’t have kept things up for the sake of keeping them up, wouldn’t have fooled Tony like that.
? What would Tony do? How would he feel, if Steve were gone for good? He was still so angry, a lot of the time, but he couldn’t deny he still loved the man, still loved his
“I can hold my breath for something like eight minutes.” Tony turns to look at him for that, because honestly that might be the most bizarre segway he’s ever heard and he is the king of random segways. That or the most out of the blue come on and really Tony needs to actually get
“I do.” A few of the others are milling about in front of the TV in the living room, but beyond waving at them no one says anything as they move into the kitchen. Steve lets him go to open the fridge and it feels so viscerally unfair that Tony blurts out the first thing that comes to mind.
