“He was one of my dealers,” Sherlock said. He had Milton’s hand lifted and was inspecting his wrist. He mentioned it absently, off-handed as though it were of little importance.
was the reason he’d struggled against Mummy’s good intentions and Mycroft’s casual introductions and-
“You said ‘the pictures’,” John said. Sherlock didn’t react to that, so no, that mustn’t be what he was concerned about. Something else, then. “What was supposed to be ‘just you’, Sherlock? You
The Colonel repelled a second opponent roughly away as John moved forward. The shoved man impacted with another of the bunks to send it careening out of the way. Without bodies in them, the bunks were just hollow metal frames with the inconsequential weight of the shitty mattresses. The thunder noise came from the metal frame scraping across the floor. The noise of the bunk falling over on its side seemed louder to John than the tipping of his own had been.
Sherlock blinked at him, and then a broad smile spread across his lips. “You do realize you said that out loud?”
Sherlock followed him, a smug smile on his lips, and flopped down in the solitary armchair in the living room.
The thunderous expression returned, fixing on Greg like a predator latching onto prey. “As John has been assaulted, and there is no reason to question the victim more thoroughly beyond the basic questions that you have already asked, I fail to see what further use you have for him other than to make the preposterous suggestion that he go to the A&E, which he will not be doing as he is a medical professional on his own and-”
The man was checking his watch frequently, though he was diligently working through a stack of paperwork. He glanced questioningly up at John when he said that.
John turned his eyes on the Holmes matriarch. That was the second glimpse he had gotten of her as anything more than the polite hostess. The four wolves closed their lips around whatever else might have been said regarding the search they were undertaking, and for the rest of the dinner the conversation was left held up by Anne and John.
“It has been improving,” John assured Sherlock, offering a smile. “With you on the case, of course it is.”
family, they were mates and neither of them questioned it or wished for that to change, but John was coming to understand that being mated didn’t mean quite the same as being married and with all the trouble that came along with the Watson clan, he hadn’t expected there to be much-
The conversation in the library faded. John was not the only one watching as the latecomers made their way in.
A swell of pride came over him, and John couldn’t fight the grin off his face. “It seems so,” John replied.
The doors for those being brought off the hall were opened one at a time and John collected his fatigue jacket and went out with the others to head down to the mess hall.
Sherlock frowned at the window as the PCO that had come knocking on the door gave up on John and began trying to question the semi-conscious Milton about medical attention. It was as futile an action as most of what the PCO had done since arriving, but someone might give the woman points for trying. Someone
Once dressed, they headed out. As during the trip from the train station to the flat, Sherlock kept in contact with John. As they waited for the train it was subtle, standing close enough so that their arms brushed against each other, and once they got on the train, Sherlock leaned into him.
The telling took the late hours and made them early. John grew sleepy, and Sherlock let him rest, stroking his hair to help him nod off without asking him to reciprocate.
It wasn’t quite what John had expected. For several hours Sherlock and Connie played - something John would pay money to see his two-legged Sherlock do - while John watched and half-slept propped up against a tree. The shadows of the trees did not seem to move on the ground as time passed. The moon climbed the sky slowly, like an old man headed up a tall staircase. It was mostly dry where John was seated, thankfully, but as time drew on it got a bit chilly without the fur coat. If this was going to be a monthly thing, he’d have to remember to bring a blanket along.
A part of Greg wondered what had given him away, but more than that he was oddly certain this wouldn’t be the last time he was questioning the two of them about this.
Doing a head-count based on Sherlock’s information, John thought that there were only a few absent persons. He was pleased to be done with the majority of the handshaking and sniffing that had to be gotten on with. Aldrich… whatever his last name was, and his mate, and Sherlock’s father. John couldn't quite think of a polite way to ask after them. The stories were more being told to him more than it was a conversation of any sort.
Cowed thoroughly, Aldrich dropped his eyes and tilted his head to the side in a gesture of surrender. He didn't lift his gaze until the elder Holmes turned away, and then his eyes fixed instantly on first John and then Sherlock. Even from across the space between them, John could feel Sherlock straighten up under the scrutiny.
“Takeaway,” Sherlock announced, kissing John again before rolling away and to his feet. “How do you feel about Thai?”
Unfortunately, John also had next to no idea where the answer button was, so he was forced to find pants and the remains of his clothing from the night before and creak his way down to open the door.
“You have no idea,” Sherlock replied, undoing his fly before leaning back down over John, capturing his wrists and drawing them up over his head. “Yet.”
“There’s too much blood,” Sherlock said, not for the first time, echoing his mate’s astute observation.
"Sometimes I think his height was just to spite the rest of them," Elisabeth chuckled. "It's never mattered to them. His siblings are all very protective of him. They will want to know you are worthy of their little brother."
Maybe, he thought, it was just a werewolf thing and it had nothing to do with their normal personalities.
Something unfamiliar flashed across Sherlock’s face, but it vanished faster than a hare chased through the woods. Mycroft could not help but stare at that expression, especially when the words that followed sounded so near desperation.
There were worse things, of course. John knew a couple. He’d thought his stomach was settled down when he woke up, but being surrounded by these wounded men was doing something new to it. John found he didn’t want to eat much of what was put out for breakfast, but he didn’t seem to be alone in that. John forced himself to eat, pushing through the sullen feeling that had settled in him, knowing he’d feel worse later with an empty stomach.
Horatio chuckled and took up his paper. Anne rolled her eyes tolerantly and took up her coffee cup again.
“It very well may,” the sergeant said, grinding his teeth together. “So the two of you need to come with me. I can’t postpone-”
He would never say it to his mother, but he did not appreciate having his personal trials paraded before the rest of his siblings whenever it was convenient. He drew no pleasure from being the family paradigm when it came to restraint.
“Not distracted,” John warned him as he perused the cupboards for whatever might be edible in a breakfast capacity. “Just in need of the appropriate fuel after your meal.”
Texting was one way to always reach Sherlock. A well composed text was Sherlock’s preferred method of digital communication. It was instantaneous, and it allowed for precise use of vocabulary to deliver the sender’s exact meaning. He was as ruthless with them as he was with deductions of those who riled his ire. Sherlock had once replied to a text with his claws, just so he could snipe at Mycroft regarding… well. It didn’t matter anymore, really.
The eyes that focused on him were keen, and John felt as though they were looking right into him. Looking into him, but missing something that ought to have been obvious. “You can’t come up with a reason I might have been angry tonight?” John asked.
reason he knew it was aminophthaloyl hydrazide contaminating the samples without having done a lab test of his own. He had also come up with a way to explain how he was certain that the blood at the scene had been augmented with pig’s blood in the first place.
“Is that unusual?” John asked, taking the coffee. He half expected there to be an obscene amount of sugar in it, but the cup was unsweetened with a bit of milk, just as he liked it most.
In the London that passed by outside the hack, the season was turning into one that would send many gentlemen to the country for sport, and the notion of it surprised John by turning his stomach. Thinking of the country inevitably made him think of Essex, and Harry. He could only imagine what had gone on in his absence. For one moment he felt the old, dutiful pull of the estate and those on it. He wondered about the people he knew, and how his brother had managed after the Viscount’s dashing rescue.
He checked out - surprising how the machine didn’t seem to show a balance on his account, though it had been low last he’d known - and was out of the store in a quarter hour. He headed for the flat, carrying the bags in one hand so that he could fish his phone out and call Sherlock.
Mycroft and his mate - whose name was Anthea, John reminded himself for the tenth time - returned to the house in Wiltshire the day after they’d sauntered out of the study, and John was to go with them. Though they had a month relatively to themselves, Sherlock was tetchy the entirety of the short visit, and threw himself into what appeared to be an actual sulk when John got ready to leave. Sherlock was so annoyed that John wasn't even afforded a kiss goodbye before he was bundled into the back of an expensive, nondescript car.
“You don’t think it was here?” John asked, ignoring the glaring question of where exactly Sherlock intended to test the samples. It explained all the glassware in the kitchen, and a few of the contents of the cabinets.
from him. It was distressing, this withdrawal of John’s feelings. To make a pedestrian sort of analogy, it was as if John’s sharing of feelings was like a faucet. John tended to keep the faucet more closed, but since this mess had started, he had all but shut off. Sherlock could feel him. Sherlock
John had been missing for more than six months. The army couldn’t account for his whereabouts, or how he had been treated. He had been in unknown conditions for an extended period of time. There was no telling that he had not been brainwashed or programmed in some fashion before he had been freed or released, or if he was somehow infected with something or dosed with something harmful and transmissible.
John noted, despite the unsteady feeling that seemed to keep hold of him, that there was absolutely no paperwork for him to fill out. He wasn't sure if he ought to be reassured by that or concerned by it.
In the boxy little room with its drab walls, the crushing feeling of failure radiating from the other invalided soldiers soaked from into him. Even their exercise time - something that had been instituted after the incident with the Colonel as a precaution - was bland.
It was John’s turn to lead the way then. Sherlock followed quietly, staring at the back of his head the entire walk back to number nineteen. The silence was good, just as the fresh air was good. That odd panicked feeling from the shop subsided and John felt almost normal— well, he felt almost
John slowed his cleaning, afraid he might punch the man who was already unconscious for things he had not been witness to but nonetheless got his blood boiling. “What, precisely, did he deal you?”
It hadn’t rained much that day, so the sidewalks were mostly dry. John checked up and down the street. There were some lights still on in the townhouses up and down the street, and it wasn’t particularly dark with the streetlights. The residential street was quiet, and for a moment John wondered if Sherlock was the strangest thing on it. There were trees down to the right, green leaves gone golden in the glow of the streetlights. John turned for them, wanting a bit of a destination even though he wasn’t so naive as to loiter around a park in the middle of the night.
It turned out that Horatio was an engineer. His wife Anne, John was told, was in education. They lived in Swindon, and Horatio was pleased to report that though Sherlock had never done particularly “well” with university - a fact offered complete with quotation marks, a fact that Sherlock snorted about, and made John curious - he was often a house guest when he felt the need to make use of his old oath on Broad Street. It only took John a few moments of puzzling before Sherlock muttered something about antiquated policies of pompous establishments purporting to teach. Then Horatio, who had cottoned on to John’s confusion, said that it was the Bodleian that Sherlock really liked to visit. John found himself quite amused to think of Sherlock making the trek from London to Swindon just to go to the library.
John blinked, confused at the entire exchange. They had just been in bed, hadn’t they? And now they were…
Sherlock glared furiously at Mycroft, the sort of look that most often preceded shredded clothes and a rougher-than-playing tumble for the two of them. There had been times, times when they were younger, when nothing less than fangs could settle the air between them, when only first blood was enough.
Mycroft’s face gave away nothing that John could see, but Sherlock’s answering grin was almost manic.
John’s heart sped up at the thought of that. His mate was somewhere in this city, and soon he would be with Sherlock again.
The only tea left was old and something mint-flavored, but it would do well enough. John had already decided that they would be shopping properly once they got dressed - this stovetop heating was getting old - so it didn’t matter too much.
“It is a conundrum. I do not make habit of retaining painful memories, and yet I cannot delete a moment of it,” Sherlock interrupted his thoughts.
into the skip bodily. The pipe went to the ground, clattering away, and it left both John and his attacker weaponless except for their fists.
It was a curious feeling, having his anger trickling out of him like that. Like a cracked basin being emptied of water, John felt … hollow without it. For a moment there was nothing left in him at all.
John thought he had been welcomed home that night on the sofa, but it was nothing as thorough as what he felt by the third evening. He was not a little bit sore, as well. He loved all of it.
Suddenly the number of couches in the library made sense. As the rest of Sherlock’s pack began to fill the room, it became obvious that the seating was by no means in excess. The number of wolves around ought to have been strange, but John didn’t quite find it so. He kept - or was kept, he couldn’t tell whether he was doing it or Sherlock himself - at Sherlock’s side on the couch with Temperance. Temperance seemed more relaxed, now, but there was little that John found he could add to the conversation the siblings were having. It mostly involved the absent children.
John stared at it. He ran his fingers along the case idly, not sure what to say, and that’s when he felt the marks on the back. Turning it over, he saw an inscription on the back. The phone looked new, and whoever had bought it for Harry had gone far enough to have it engraved. He frowned and held it out. “I can’t take this.”
"There now," the elder Holmes said, smoothing his temper and his appearance at the same time. "It ought to be just about time for dinner."
“Forty-five minutes,” Sherlock said. He spun, grabbed his coat, and was out the door before John could mention anything else.
John slid his hand inside Sherlock’s dressing gown. His mate shifted to accommodate the gentle push, and John climbed onto Sherlock’s lap, because those were, possibly, the strangest words he’d ever heard spoken in devotion. They made no sense and yet they were correct, and John found himself shivering with desire at just the hearing of them. Nothing much about the way their relationship had begun was particularly romantic, at least not traditionally. That was fine, though. John wasn’t much for flowers and chocolate by candlelight, but those words were worth more than what could be packed into any of the cliches.
"Not younger or taller," John said, taking his hand back from Charles. "But Sherlock doesn't seem to mind either."
In the end, Sherlock had out-logicked the sergeant on whether or not they needed to be taken down to the station (again) to be questioned about going to a crime scene. John was surprised, but Sherlock was right. The alley wasn’t taped off, they hadn’t done anything wrong - despite the questionable dive Sherlock had taken into the skip there wasn’t anything illegal about rummaging through a bin - and they’d
That was where John pictured Sherlock, though he couldn’t know yet what Sherlock’s flat looked like or remember what the neighborhood was near.
There was Michael Timothy - a hard name if only because the man had two first names and the slim smile when he’d told John everyone called him ‘McTim’ was so drained of enthusiasm that John preferred not to think about it. McTim was one of the three that had taken the Colonel down on to John, along with Joshua Anson and Donald Crouch. The two men who had gone into the bunks so hard were in the hospital room that John had woken up in, as was the man who had taken that vicious right cross.
John was too interested in the meal on his plate to pay too much attention to the conversation. Despite Aldrich’s objecting entry speech, there was no mention of anything more serious than some politics that John couldn’t place because he had been out of the loop for so long. The conversation was largely forgettable.
No, that was untrue. Sherlock knew himself capable of many things - many more things where John was concerned - but platitudes and the like were something he was unlikely to come up with when concocting a plan.
“I…” Lestrade found himself at a loss. He was unsure what to make of this unassuming man - some medical training, or at least a good Google-search on his phone - that had been waiting beside Sherlock.
Not that it was any of John’s business, so long as the sergeant didn’t try to arrest either of them for a crime they didn’t commit, but… the man
was an in-processing. John was ushered into one of the re-purposed buildings, some basic information taken from him, his dog-tags checked, and then he was put in a room with a table and two chairs. A bland-looking lieutenant came in and went over some very broad particulars, the sort of thing that verified that he was, indeed, Captain John Hamish Watson of the RAMC. Time passing in the windowless room with its lack of windows and regulation lighting was only tellable by how sore the uncomfortable chairs made his ass. It must have been an hour, maybe more?
That brief glimmer, that sliver of hope struck John with the force of a bullet train, and he was saying, “Not going back this time,” before he knew his lips were moving.
"Christ," John muttered, knowing it was true. Knowing that those bastard scientists, those miserable excuses for
John heaved a heavy sigh, unsurprised at the mangled remains of the kettle. It might just be the act of buying a kettle for their flat
John squirmed until between the two of them they got his pants down his hips enough for Sherlock to work him into an almost embarrassingly quick orgasm. Sherlock murmured a soft endearment against his temple, quelling any self-consciousness John might have felt, and nuzzled John's neck before leaning back to lick his own hand clean. John watched, glad to be reclining already because when Sherlock did things like that he went weak-kneed with arousal.
Obviously the adrenaline had jump-started the metabolic processes. Sherlock looked more sober already.
“You’ll find John is quite adept at making tea, Lestrade,” Sherlock cut in. “If you must be tedious about the proceedings, you may as well enjoy the hospitality.”
It would have been easier if the cabinet was in any way organized and not crammed full of more detritus of a similar sort to what had possession of the living room and every surface of the flat except the bed (and to be honest that had only gotten cleared off after they had arrived for very obvious recreational reasons).
The doctors checked his dressings and cleaned his cuts, and he let them. The gouges ached, throbbing whenever he brushed them against anything, and though his right shoulder had faded into the usual sort of present-but-not-noticeable feeling, the left one, the wounded one, remained an agony.
“Good on you,” Greg said. “But he’ll probably get himself held overnight. Sherlock has a habit of mouthing off at inappropriate times at inappropriate people.”
how things were supposed to be. The flat wasn’t supposed to be the bloody tarmac for the MPD. It wasn’t that John wanted more closed doors in his life, not after the last seven months. But this was the same loss of privacy from Russia. This was the same feeling of eyes on him.
“Not in the slightest,” he replied with an inward wince. He’d have to trade off shifts with… Dimmock, probably, if he could manage it. “What’s on then?”
Sherlock took John's hand as the sibling snarking between the two wolves tapered off, and then the plane started to angle down for landing.
Puzzled, John looked around the cluttered bedroom, and on the back of the wardrobe there was hung a blue robe. John had ignored it the night before, thinking it another piece of Sherlock’s detritus, but as he took it down he realized it wasn’t the right size for Sherlock. The sleeves were too short.
John backtracked the gray days of their separation as his mate spoke. He felt nothing but honesty, with a tinge of chagrin along with it. And then John felt it himself.
The empty space inside him spread, and John’s thoughts drifted. The gentle noise of the water served to calm John further, and then in his empty thoughts the gentle noise of the water wasn’t the water anymore. There was another time with something wet hitting something wet, somewhere hot and bright. The whole world was the color cast off by the street lights - an unforgiving amber.
He turned back into the flat and took it in. The sitting room was a jumble of things out of any order whatsoever. Now that he looked,
“No, don’t,” John said, elbowing Sherlock to shut him up. “It’s unrelated. I haven’t seen Harry in… it’s been-”
“I believe that’s the sort of thing that happens when you’re breaking in some where. But that can’t be all of it?”
Sherlock lowered his lips to John’s neck, making a negating noise and rolling his hips against John’s.
John smiled into Sherlock’s neck. They were a mess. The flat was a bit of a wreck, the kitchen a disaster zone, and under normal circumstances John would have taken one look at it all and turned right back around and headed back out the door. But John’s normal was different now, and Sherlock was here.
Greg weighed his options, only to have his thoughts interrupted by a commotion in the hallway, followed shortly after by the door bursting open and a wild-eyed Sherlock erupting into the room. Holmes was breathing heavily as though he had run the length of Hyde Park to make it back to the flat, carrying an overloaded plastic bag in one hand, looking like he’d taken a tumble in the grass along the way. His eyes latched on to Dr. Watson immediately and softened - something Greg was as astounded by as Watson’s ability to quiet Sherlock. Greg had never seen Sherlock look that intently at anything with less than a cutting look.
Then Sherlock’s warm weight was gone from his lap, and John was left to huff out, “Told you to leave them.”
He hadn’t been aware enough to hear his own prognosis from the doctors who had treated him once he’d been brought back to base camp. He knew now, empirically, that he had lost fine motor skill in his left hand, and that he likely needed physio for it.
When Sherlock made no move to buckle his seat belt, John did it for him. Once they were both strapped in, he leaned his head against the seat and closed his eyes.
John waited for some comment about how John insisted upon silly things, recalling a spike in Sherlock’s temper when he’d insisted that the body was nothing to compare to the mind, and that
Unlike other mess halls, the ones that echoed with the sound of knives and forks on metal trays and dishes as the meals were rushed down, loud with the joking and laughing of soldiers with their comrades, this one was near silent. Not all of the soldiers in the room looked broken, so to speak, but no one was talking.
“Are you going to be one of them shambling, talking to yourself ones that can’t but drool on yourself?”
The kettle whistled, and John shifted the three mugs to the side so he could get a box of tea out. He liberated three teabags, going about doctoring Sherlock’s mug with sugar before pouring the hot water into it. (With the amount Sherlock took the hot water had to dissolve it from the pour or there would be granules left at the bottom by the time he’d finished.) John’s whole body still ached, and his hand was trembling, but there was nothing to be done about any of that yet. There might not be anything to be done about it
"I'm here," Sherlock said, voice so low it was almost inaudible. He didn't repeat the assurance, but the warm arm around his shoulders tightened, and warm breath puffed against his ear.
This time, however, Sherlock just glared, chest heaving, shoulders shaking, barely holding back the wolf within.
Without the imperious man to butt in and defend Dr. Watson, Greg felt obliged to at least keep an ear on the goings on of his interrogation. He had, afterall, gotten the good doctor into this mess.
Minor irritation of Lestrade pushed aside, and Sherlock had been able to bundle John onto the couch to recover, and then once he stopped shaking, Sherlock took John away into bed for rest. John latched onto Sherlock as though
Honestly, this sort of carnage had never been Sherlock’s style. He’d had someone the last time that he had relations with, and though they were a bit acerbic to one another, it was nothing along the lines of a relationship that might have this kind of a row.
So Mycroft went about his business, and for two days did not think about his brother or the absence of his brother’s mate. He had more to do, after all, than fret about Sherlock’s well being. Following up on the leads regarding Sherlock’s disappearance, for instance, or the ongoing negotiations with the northern pack, and there was always the trouble in the Middle East to be sorted through.
“Are you done with this tedious questioning yet? We do not have possession of Harriet, and we are not aware of where she has washed up.”
John didn’t think he had the patience to talk Sherlock back out of them, and the last thing he wanted was to have to call Mycroft to sort a damn thing. He cut right across Sherlock’s bluster with, “No one hired me for anything.”
“I won’t have time for your questions today, Lestrade,” Sherlock said in a quiet voice, keeping his eyes on Watson’s as he took careful care of the man’s hand. “As you can see, I have more important matters to attend to.”
No one had to say this aloud to Sherlock. He had read it from the concerned expressions on various faces. He’d thrown himself into his current strop in response to it before John had properly left. It was truly no wonder that he had reacted poorly to Mummy’s attempts to soothe him, if one considered the source of his bad mood.
“She got the sack. Everything went to shit, but she promised she wasn’t going to start drinking. She only went to town for an interview, and-”
“Morphine,” Sherlock replied. “Completely different suppliers.” He shrugged. “The statistical improbability of both of sets being unavailable at the same time made the two a reliable enough variance, as I was not addicted to the substances in question.”
“Anywhere you’d consider interesting would be more like hiding,” John replied, “and I wasn’t trying to hide from you, I just needed some air.”
“Your hand is spasming,” Sherlock said, stroking long fingers through his hair. “Did something happen?”
The problem remained, however, that something was troubling John. His mate was unsettled, unhappy, and Sherlock did not know the source or the solution.
Mycroft certainly played the part of human very well. Well enough even to fool someone studying a werewolf. John had to push down a chuckle that threatened. Mycroft was the most improbable werewolf of them all, and that was no doubt the most cunning disguise the wolf had thought of. The human Mycroft was a caricature of a human, too prim, too neat, too unruffled to be real. And that made him believable.
Sherlock was crouched - fully dressed - in the pre-dawn light, holding a thermos and what appeared to be Connie’s pajamas. He was dressed, wearing crisp jeans and a shirt that was not-quite white. In the misty morning light, he seemed bright-eyed and refreshed, despite the prior night’s time spent entirely awake. He radiated relaxation and an amused contentment.
That didn’t stop John from going to the door, even though he knew it had to be someone for Sherlock. No one knew this was John’s address.
The orderly came back, and John was escorted through the hall, passing only a nurse of some sort along the way, and shown to his room. He couldn’t really tell if it was day or night. He figured it was afternoon, probably, and the orderly confirmed it by telling him that food would be brought by once he was settled, and asked if he had a preference of reading material.
There was a room full of chuckles as they all began to take off their clothing, which for a brief moment struck John as being completely without modesty until it became obvious that he was the only one who thought so. This was all family, and there wasn’t anything to be embarrassed about.
"My brother is not well schooled in the habits of mated pairs, or the sensation of being mated. So I am fully aware that Sherlock will have explained to you what he recalled, perhaps what he inferred or remembered, but it will not be the entire experience of it. There are lesser pitfalls than our jealous, possessive nature, Captain Watson. And greater ones."
John tugged at Sherlock’s dressing gown, still folded between them, and those nimble fingers tugged it away between them. John leaned forward into his mate. He could feel Sherlock’s erection twitch beneath him, and his own answered.
Then they opened again, snapped wide, and that wild eye rolled back to find Mycroft’s and a harsh, accusing voice snarled, “He’s
Sighing, John pushed up to his feet, leaving his cane against the side of the chair as he shuffled over to where his husband was – unbelievably, as it was
"Nothing bad," John promised. He guided Sherlock's arm around him, belatedly working the armwrest up from between them, and sagged into the grip as Sherlock pressed into him. The lips against his neck were warm and welcome.
Sherlock’s eyes opened, and the look he was giving John was all predator in the best way possible. “This is one of the few instances in which the obvious is…” he started, cutting himself off. Sherlock repeated, “You want me.”
“Bought tea yesterday, actually. But I rather figured you’d tell me they’d binned that along with everything else.”
Horatio chuckled, but Temperance sputtered at the accusation. Sherlock didn't bother replying. He took John's hand and led him into the library.
the tea growing cold in his hand. To illustrate this to anyone observing, he ignored the look and set his tea aside.
John stripped down to his vest for blood pressure tests, ran on a treadmill with machines monitoring his vitals, had his temperature taken. Then they had him take his vest off. His scarring was checked over - first the closing wound on his neck, and then he was asked to remove his vest so that the other wound could be looked at.
The dull ache in John’s body gave over to a dull ache in his chest, and his shoulders sagged by degrees as they headed through the streets. As they headed up Park Village E, Sherlock’s hand brushed against his. The feeling of his mate’s skin against his sent a surge of relief through him, and John sighed at the loss of it.
Had there been any strength in John’s legs, it would have left with that low phrase whispered against his ear. Sherlock’s arms tightened around him, and John nodded. All his usual indignation at being assisted in moving fled him as Sherlock helped him maneuver into the bedroom that they now shared. John was certain the sensation of annoyance would return without the exhaustion to keep it at bay, but for those moments the displeasure was supplanted by the tender proximity of his husband.
“Milton was one of my dealers,” Sherlock said, already bored with this demanded explanation. “He supplied me with cocaine. I have always been ruthless about having an untainted source. Paying extra was my concern, but I preferred that to the alternative of a secondary side-effect.”
"Sherlock," she replied smoothly. "And this will be your John?" As she said it she narrowed her eyes, taking him in.
John still had no idea if wolves were territorial to the point of engaging in tactical assaults, or if there had been something done that was too far even for a creature that hid among humans to remain hidden with the amount of outrage(?) at some trespass, but there had been wolves. There was blood and teeth and-
It was the third morning without Sherlock. John’s stomach sank as he came to realize it was a small, empty bed that he was lying in.
“Well it’s not as if you have any choice in the matter,” he said, and then pushed himself up out of the chair and headed across the room to one of the bookshelves.
Growing up, John had never minded being alone. He easily made friends, he was well liked, and he had more than his fair share of girlfriends (and boyfriends), but he liked some quiet from time to time. He could appreciate being solitary as well as he could being in a group.
The sergeant stiffened, as though she realized she wasn’t supposed to say something like that to one of the soldiers, and almost dropped her pen before she busied herself with her paper.
John’s eyes popped open at that, and he looked up at Sherlock again. The stroking fingers continued, and though Sherlock’s expression was fixed on the sergeant, John knew the words had been for him.
Across the table, Sherlock was having his ear all but talked off by a suddenly loquacious Connie. Every time he tried to turn his attention anywhere else, she grabbed his sleeve and gave a vicious tug.
John was treated to a thorough once over. His wrists, his knuckles, his arms, his face and hair - Sherlock kept his eyes closed and seemed to be scenting him. Sherlock arranged him with sharp, none-too-gentle tugs into whatever position or angle he was needed for proper going over. He did all of this from behind closed lids, as though he had some greater vision without his eyes. Sherlock’s long fingers were detached, and if touch could be considered stern then John’s mate was worse than any old schoolmaster.
The meal was remarkably uneventful. Elisabeth and Rawden presided over the table, possibly because it was their house but to John it felt like something more. This felt like their pack, all the siblings and children were somehow theirs, as though without their foundation there was no pack.
“What’s the bloody point?” John sighed. He rubbed his forehead against the headache that was suddenly looming over him,
There was a word for this sort of coupling, one that neither of them had yet spoken. John couldn’t tell if the sentiment behind that missing word was understood, if it might never be uttered, or, truly, if it
John opened his eyes, and found Sherlock staring into his. Their lips came together again, and John didn’t fight the building tension. He managed one more thrust before he spilled himself, head arching back.
“Oh. Of course. At which point would those visits cease to involve ‘convenient’ dinners with your single coworkers?”
“Considering you’d be collecting two mafia cleaners from the streets, I think you can make an exception this once.”
“You seem to be caught up in this whole ‘mated’ thing,” John went on. “Yeah, some things are different, and I’ve no clue what all those things are, but no surge of oxytocin in my brain is going to make me lie to you about anything.”
Horatio laughed aloud at that, turning to Sherlock. "I can see why you like this one," he announced.
“I don’t care about the state of the sitting room,” John assured him, squeezing his waist and pressing his cheek against Sherlock’s spine.
Sherlock made a growling noise from beyond them, and Greg shook his head. “I’m sure the EMT took a look at it for the file,” he said.
That, too, seemed wrong, but the rational part of John was very far away, waiting with his words, and all John could really feel was exhaustion.
Sherlock buried his nose in John’s neck, and John blinked against the rush of feeling surging in him. “... god, I’m right then, aren’t I?”
Sherlock all but jerked to a stop, turning on him. In three strides he was back and had a hand out in a demanding gesture.
Some things ought to be regulated, John thought privately, and told himself to put it on hold because somewhere in this over-sized house there was breakfast.
She must have read concern on his face, because she reached over to pat his shoulder reassuringly. “I asked about him, not you,” she said. “It’s ok, captain. Try to get some rest.”
Though sporadically affectionate and sometimes passionate, John’s brilliant husband was stronger against the pull of desire than John himself had proven to be. And he was making a very obvious effort at being considerate. Of course Sherlock would do nothing like ignore what John had asked for just to be held in front of the bookcase. John still wondered how this would all work, with only the one of them tending towards affection. He chastised himself for the morose thought. They had not been married a month, and they got on quite well together, didn’t they? That could be enough while they figured out the rest.
Sherlock watched him go, and knew without a doubt that John was worth all of this trouble. Every single bit of it was worth less than John was, and even despite their argument, John was still with him. John was still thinking about him.
Sherlock leaned forward enough to breathe a command into John’s ear. “Suck,” he said, crisp consonants sending a shiver through John. John parted his lips to Sherlock’s hand, and did as he was told. Sherlock watched, licking his own lips. “Give me yours.”
John wasn’t really aware at the start of the trip. Exhaustion had brought with it a heaviness that he was unaccustomed to, and he had named the different pains he felt until he no longer cared enough about what he was calling the pain -
“No amount of it will make me lie, Sherlock,” John said firmly. “Worse methods have been tried. I’m more than a bit stubborn.”
So it’s been far longer than I told you dear readers it would be before posting this part. The reason for that is John. Well… not just John, but also Sherlock. I don’t think it will spoil any fans of the BBC Sherlock to know that John has PTSD. I normally don’t like giving away things like that before it’s stated in the story, but we all had a reasonable assumption that we were going to get here (I hope). There are other things that could cause memory time loss like what John is experiencing, but in this instance, his blackout is very much related to PTSD.
A weary looking Sergeant Hall was checking clipboards a few beds down. When she noticed he had woken, she came over to the bed. “How are you feeling this morning?” she asked.
A hot, strong smelling cup of coffee was placed in front of him. “Cream, no sugar,” Harry announced with a bit of a slur.
“I’d rather a glass of-” John began, only to find his speech cut short as Sherlock sank to his knees at John’s feet and tugged his pants down. “Sherlock?”
There was silence for a moment, again, and Stamford sipped his coffee. John could almost see him gathering himself up again, and prepared to be left alone.
family again, and John often felt the same when going to visit his own, despite their lesser numbers.
Mycroft only hummed out a wordless response to his brother’s barb. Sherlock would not like to hear Mycroft’s thoughts just then.
John was left staring, for a moment, before Sherlock made an impatient noise from the hallway. John hurried to catch up. He caught up to Sherlock down the hall, at the top of the staircase. Sherlock lingered there, looking a bit apprehensive. His hands fidgeted with his jacket, straightening it as he looked down to the first floor of the place. He was so focused that he didn’t seem to notice when John caught up to him.
It took three strides for Sherlock to grip him by the shoulders. The warmth of his hands was a shock. “John.”
The teacup was extended on its saucer. John glanced up at Mycroft from where he was working, and Sherlock snorted. Mycroft was forced to set the teacup and saucer on the nearest bookshelf.
Faced with the prospect of a longer uncomfortable discussion and escaping into the evening, John heaved himself upright. He left the partially drunken coffee on the table and bent to put the phone in his bag. Harry caught him in a hug before he managed to get himself upright properly, and John staggered a little bit at the force of it.
Sherlock left him at the bedside, moving to collect their nightshirts. John sank down heavily and made lazy work of undressing himself. He managed to rid himself of jacket and waistcoat, and his neck cloth came away before Sherlock returned in only his shirt sleeves. For just a moment as he looked up at Sherlock, John thought that perhaps his husband really was proof against sleep. Then Sherlock bent to help him, and as his face came into closer proximity John could see the bags under his eyes.
She took a long drink from her cup and gathered her wits about her. “Sorry. Forget it,” she said, squeezing his hand again. “So, is that all of your stuff?”
Choosing to ignore his mate’s disregard of the clothing, John turned into the kitchen. He put a lid on the possessive feeling and just filled the bloody kettle. He
The clerk had reddish brown hair and a gray shirt which was, at least not white. She leaned closer, brows lifting, and John stared at her for a moment, taking in all the colors of brown that made up her eyes. She tipped her head, and John managed to blink and see her face instead of just her eyes. Her expression began to shift into a doubtful one, and she leaned back slowly.
More than a bad taste, though if asked John wouldn’t be able to explain what it was that stopped his feet.
John did his best to keep his head from spinning as he listened. Temperance and Charles had been the first of the second generation to have a child, and beyond that John found himself confused at the logistics and chronology of it all. In the midst of his confusion, Sherlock took his hand and shifted slightly closer to him on the couch. They didn’t share a look, even John thought that would have been far too obvious, but Sherlock obviously understood what sort of a bee hive it was being put in the center of the room like this.
For a brief moment that strange expression from before flitted across Sherlock’s face, but it was gone too quickly for Mycroft to decipher it.
Sherlock puffed up, sucking in a breath to launch into what was, John could tell, undoubtedly a rather righteous streak of insults, or possibly a graphic description of just what the two of them had gotten up to that morning and likely would be up to now if the unfortunate man hadn’t intruded on them. Neither of those would keep Sherlock out of handcuffs.
Another flex of muscles brought Sherlock over, and Mycroft dunked Sherlock’s face into the sink full of cold water.
Mycroft resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Sherlock could be positively childish when discomforted. It was less than sixty hours since John had departed the estate, and already Sherlock was damaging things and preparing to crawl up the walls. Mummy had been concerned for him, her words of reassurance had failed to reach him, and so she had called on Mycroft for assistance.
The most offended noise John had ever heard came out of Sherlock at that. “My filing system is far from
“I’m still at Bart’s,” he said. “Picked up on that before we were even finished. Teaching, now,” the man said. “I did some time in the A&E, but the hours were crap. Took a turn in surgery, better pay, better hours. Suited the wife more.”
That want was dampened, however, by something. John was fairly certain Sherlock’s intellect was out-thinking his wolf. “We are speaking different languages,” John said.
The vigilance was reassuring to John, though. Even if he wouldn't voice it out loud, in his head he could admit that he wasn't looking forward to another medical facility. The unsteady feeling got worse as soon as the hospital smell caught in his nose. John had spent most of the last six months in places with similar chemical clean smells, and Sherlock had been the only bright spot.
“Oh. Yeah. That distressed me too,” John said, turning to find two mugs from the cabinet. He glanced at the wall clock and pulled down a third. Sherlock would be back soon.
The body that slammed into him was unexpected, but John had been distracted. John went staggering in the direction he was all-but-tackled, and didn’t catch his footing until he was in another alley.
Sherlock hopped neatly out of the skip, not too dirty looking but smelling distinctly of rot from whatever he’d been rooting through. Even John could smell that from several feet away. It was always curious to him how the distinct rancid decay scent of bins and skips managed to adhere to anything and everything that got near it.
into the trees once Connie had settled on his lap. And, given John’s dreams, whatever running he had done must have been considerably more than ‘stretching his legs’.
“Don’t worry about it,” Sherlock replied, tightening his grip on John’s hand in a reassuring squeeze.
The entire speech struck John as particularly condescending. As though in response to something John said, Mycroft rose to his full height. John mirrored the movement. Mycroft opened his mouth--
"That's more manners than I expected," Temperance said, smiling wryly at Sherlock, "given he's your mate."
He took a deep breath, and made himself take another one. Every time he thought he got himself on even keel, something like this happened. Every time he thought he could take a step forward there was a weight around his ankle dragging him back, pulling him under, and it was suffocating to be right back here again, even with all that had happened in the last few months to change his life. He stared at the phone and thought about doing nothing. He thought about dropping it on the table and heading back to bed and pulling a pillow over his head. He thought about pushing Sherlock down to the mattress and fucking this awful feeling out of himself.
That was mildly chastising. John was so used to being watched all the time he was with Sherlock that he hadn't even hesitated to turn to his mate like that with Mycroft sitting less than three feet from him. John had never been a particularly shy lover, but he'd never been this much of an exhibitionist before either.
“Oh.” Really, this was an unexpected pleasure, to be able to properly introduce his mate to his mental acumen.
Some days his compassion was worn thin, and this was one of them. He’d only made sergeant a month ago, he had anticipated some longer nights, some better pay, and a different set of problems from before. He certainly hadn’t expected to get called on an old failing of his bleeding heart.
Sherlock didn’t restrain his projected feelings. Whatever was strongest to him, he transmitted, and John had no notion of why that might be. He was intelligent, viciously so, and staggeringly independent.
When Sherlock had talked about it, the process had seemed quick and simple. It almost had seemed as though John would get off a plane somewhere and be ushered back onto another one to come back to England.
It didn’t take a second request. Sherlock was long-limbed, but somehow manged to insinuate himself free of the fabric confines. In the process of it he stretched himself back out over John, and their lips found each others’ again.
Sherlock couldn't remember more about what had happened in Maiwand. The trouble was the battle had been brought to his attention by Mycroft, and most often Mycroft's casual mentioning of things was an attempt to pique Sherlock's curiosity to get him to do abysmally tedious work. Sherlock had trained himself to answer noncommittally whenever Mycroft mentioned current events without retaining much of the facts his brother spoke. From what little he had retained from Mycroft's natterings, Sherlock knew that the wolves in the area had originally resolved to remain out of the conflict. Non-involvement was the general consensus among them all as it was inadvisable to end up in a human hospital being examined by human doctors. Whatever had been happening in Afghanistan, then, something must have gone wrong. The fighting had spilled over into some place that the wolves had to keep safe, or something more personal had caused the attack. John wouldn't know, of course. It was unlikely John knew anything about the wolves that had attacked his unit.
Sherlock began to reply, but there was a knock on the door that interrupted them. Mycroft stepped in, followed by an orderly with two sets of scrubs. "Sorry to interrupt," the orderly said.
“Do not presume to know what is best for him,” Sherlock replied, returning from the kitchen with a handful of towels. He dropped to his knees before Watson, ignoring the bits of shattered ceramic even when they snagged his expensive pants. He dropped one of the towels to the floor so that it covered the blood.
It was only as Sherlock’s trousers hit the floor that John realized there were little tears in them.
“It’s a convenient method of meeting individuals with information pertinent to my interests,” Sherlock replied.
It was only a little while later that he heard the rushing footsteps of his mate making his way into the alley to find him.
Sherlock scowled at him. A still-detached part of John wondered how many more facial expressions Sherlock had in his arsenal to express displeasure. The still-agitated part of John didn’t give a flying fig.
There was certainly a question he would have to ask John, included in the entire 'later' that he had been forced to wait for. How exactly had whoever it was managed to capture John?
"You looked fine on the pictures, I thought you-" Sherlock cut himself off. "I thought it would just be me." The words were spoken very softly.
The call had come while he was amid a perusal of the results of an investigation. It was not the investigation that he had wished to be seeing the results of, but he would be one of the first to acknowledge his lack of omnipotence. He was disinclined to answer it, but the phone was presented to him by the only person he could not deny. He had answered.
It was the only thing that had managed to call Mycroft himself out of the foulest mood he had ever been in, and just as it had worked on one brother it worked on the other.
On what ought to be the fourth day after the incident - which would make it the seventh since he’d left Sherlock, a nagging sensation in his gut and the back of his head reminded him - there was a therapist waiting for him to talk to.
to be so squeamish,” Sherlock replied, brushing their noses together. “I have the greater olfactory concern in this instance.”
London was, by Sherlock’s telling, a living thing. It was big and roiling and dark and light all at the same time. It was a thousand thousands of heartbeats and rolling mist and rain. It was perfect to Sherlock, a wild thing any wolf ought to love.
John soothed his mate with a careful application of hand-holding, keeping their fingers threaded together and, once, when the offending bystander didn’t back away quickly enough for the wolf’s tastes, John simply leaned over and bit Sherlock’s ear.
Sherlock took it. As he wrapped his fingers around the mug, they brushed John’s, and for the briefest of moments the activity of the room was gone and all there was in the whole room was John’s blue eyes and the warmth in their hands.
When Sherlock set to good and proper fucking, the rhythm of the bed against the wall pounded out in explicit terms
“Then you should learn to ask a proper question,” Sherlock said, picking up his fork and spearing another sausage. “Because John has answered what you asked. Quite succinctly, I might add.”
twelve of us. Also twelve mates, now," Sherlock gave John a fond gaze before going on, "and several children. It's not my fault the question was imprecise."
“My siblings. Marianne is not quite as active as I am, but her job does take her from home. She may very well be away now, considering the research being done regarding our captors,” Sherlock said. He leaned into John as he spoke, tightening his arm around him. “And there’s always Mycroft.”
“He is also not the sort to vivisect someone and then hang them by their extremities,” Sherlock said crisply. He brushed off the mobile and inspected it before handing it back to Watson.
John could only dimly feel Sherlock’s agitation. He chuckled softly, humorlessly. Mycroft was certainly good at pushing his mate’s buttons.
And then Matthews was gone as quickly as he’d come in, pausing only to stoke the fire before heading back out without comment.
Mycroft wouldn’t have delivered John back to their former captors, surely. Sherlock would have known and wouldn’t have allowed it. The wolves had all taken to him, even Rawden-
It would be improper to say that this was the first of his brother’s black days that Mycroft had stood the brunt of. Mycroft thought he had weathered them well, in the past. He was accustomed to the violent tantrums and the self-abandoning drug usage. Sherlock was many things, and in his dark moods he proved to be many more than at other times, but there was always a struggle to Sherlock, a chaotic whirlwind of life even when he was upset or despondent.
Sherlock rumbled in annoyance whenever John tried to ask, but the focus of Sherlock’s annoyance did not seem to be in the question. It was mostly regarding ‘previously sound judgments’, which he muttered about before flopping across the sofa with a distant expression. John learned quickly that Sherlock was unreachable at such times. For the most part it wasn’t even annoying, though something nagged at the back of John’s brain like a dog scratching to be let in.
As a group they all stretched, up to their full height, and beyond it for a moment. John didn’t know where to look at first, but his eyes found their favorite resting place in Sherlock as the change took his mate.
A yawning, disheveled Anne met them in the room where the wolves had changed the night before. She gave Sherlock a knowing wink before tucking Connie against her shoulder and heading off down a hall somewhere.
If they were going to have company, it would be best to put Harriet to bed. They could move her to the couch later, when there wasn’t an inquisitive police sergeant standing in their living room.
This must be Sherlock’s father, then — tall as his sons, with a thick shock of white hair and an immaculate suit. It was obvious which of the boys took after which parent. Sherlock looked his father’s son, with the same riotous curls, sharp cheekbones, and strong brow.
“The trembling in your arm went away shortly after you fell asleep the second time, which leads me to believe that my proximity has, in fact, cured your more physical symptoms of-”
John chuckled. The rewrite of the story he'd been imaging of Sherlock's childhood took another turn, and now he could see a young Sherlock and a young-er Mycroft tormenting one another and acting much more like siblings.
suspicious in their building after the trouble with Milton. He turned to the door, expecting something dangerous, something sinister, something in fatigues and with a scope—
"Mycroft seems to have left us alone," Sherlock said, settling against John's chest and stroking his torso.
Agitated, John couldn’t find the right words to ask Sherlock about why he was doing it. Every time he started to ask he felt a throb of pain from some traitorous part of his frail, human body that had him gritting his teeth together. He gave up trying after a while.
Marriane's mate was a tall human named Gerard. He was starting to bald and wore a pair of glasses that made him look old, John thought. He smiled easily enough, but kept rather quiet. They lived in Bath. Marriane worked in software, and Gerard was an executive for a publishing company.
Sherlock turned his attention back to Watson, reaching for his shoulders. Gentle hands rested lightly on the man, but got no response. Greg watched, still feeling like an unwanted voyeur, but Watson did not respond.
was not the correct word, exactly. Satisfied? That was closer, certainly, and while it was imprecise, it would do for now, as the true importance lay in John. Sherlock was
What ought to be the next morning - another meal and then the lights were out for a while, but maybe that was John falling asleep after lunch and missing the afternoon exercise period? - John could no longer deny how much was different. The twisting of his stomach had given way to what was now a constant, sharpening ache. John's hand - the one down from his wounded shoulder - started to shake, he lost his appetite, and he was forgetting what it felt like to be warm. He thought of Mycroft's warning that it would not be 'comfortable'. This went beyond that. There was something wrong with him, and the malady was getting worse.
The PCO sighed. “You have to admit this is a bit off.” She gestured to where Milton was lolling on the couch. “You say he’s not badly injured, but-”
Now when he heard the sergeant’s description, he remembered quaking bodies struggling with an overdose. He remembered the hopeless sigh of the seasoned nurses and the knowing looks that said, plainly,
John could recall Sherlock insisting that in Wiltshire, but now he had more of an idea what that was about. There were only two reasons a cop would be involved with someone on drugs that John could think of - either overdose or arrest. He tightened his grip on his mug, trying not to jump to conclusions.
Roller coaster this month. Sent the big computer for fixing (fan problems, sounded like a lawn mower, and your computer must never sound like a lawn mower!) and so I was stuck with only the dainty little netbook, which is not good to try and edit on. But here, dear readers! I have the big laptop back and so we get another chapter!
John grasped Rawden’s hand. They shook, and then a firm hand gripped John by the shoulder. Rawden pulled John close, nose sniffing his neck in the familiar way he'd experienced all day from the pack. A very low voice rumbled to him, "Be good to my son."
At the door to the bedroom, Sherlock paused long enough to glance at John that was laced with concern. Then he closed himself inside, either to spare John the volume or to indicate he wanted privacy to argue it out with his brother.
Sherlock shifted. He loosened his hold on John enough that John could get up and go about cleaning up. Despite his wish to have the device out of his neck, John wanted to stay in bed with Sherlock more than he wanted to get clean.
"And for this he decided to- to what? Rile me up? Because pissing me off is a good way to figure out if I'm going to... to what? To hurt you?"
“Which means, in shorthand,” Horatio added helpfully, “that he likes the place there better. It’s one of the few things he prefers outside of his London.”
But Sherlock wouldn’t answer with more than a slight shake of his head. He leaned down in an impossible curve of his spine, and kissed John firmly on the lips.
Something was wrong with the way Sherlock said those words. Most times he did not bother to narrate his activity, assuming it to be most obvious, but this time he had. That was different enough that even John noticed it. John frowned for a moment, trying to recall. There had been quite a tussel several hours ago, and he knew that he’d taken a knock to the skull during it. Nothing serious, but when coupled with the exhaustion he was feeling it was more than enough to make memories a bit fuzzy.
The great old house was quiet in the early morning, and John wondered what luck had gotten him somewhere like this. It was certainly worlds away from where he had expected to go after the gunshot, the hospital, and then the kidnapping. He-
Sherlock was still talking, but John was back in that re-purposed facility in Siberia. He was kept in a room with a bag over his head for a day - two? There were people speaking at least two languages, some English, but something else. It was Russian, maybe, or… something Slavic that wasn’t Russian at all. There were IVs in him, and rounds of questions. John hadn’t let himself think about the eventual conclusion of his incarceration when it was happening. That wasn’t the time for it, almost like thinking the thought might have somehow made it come true. He had ignored how the incessant questions had multiplied before they trailed off. John was no commando, he had no special training, but he was as stubborn a bastard as any Watson. He didn’t take kindly to being snatched from a hospital, and he decided not to answer their questions, no matter how hard they asked. They asked pretty hard for a while.
. It's been a very interesting ride for me as an author, because I've used it to help myself work on some process things. I wrote a draft of the whole story, the bones, and then fleshed it out as I edited it. (I believe it might have taken me twice as long otherwise, and it already took quite some time!) This has saved it from the problem that happened with
Keeping half an eye on the little interrogation, Sherlock turned his thoughts back to the situation of John. There had to be a… more agreeable way to consider the situation. He just had to puzzle it out.
Another rush of annoyance, and then it faded back into anxiety. He could almost see the barely there tilt of Sherlock’s head as he scented the air to catch which way John had gone.
John protested that statement. Despite whatever annoyed, jealous reactions he had to the sergeant, the man hadn’t done anything overly wrong or threatening, and that… that was a bit much. Lestrade made an angry noise. Sherlock gave John’s shoulder a firm push through the door, and called behind them, “I’ll solve the murder for you at two.”
Sherlock had been, for hours, for the last day, slowly picking his way through the flurry of John’s turmoil. It was a painstaking, distracting process that tried, repeatedly, to turn Sherlock’s stomach in all the knots that John was in. Sherlock was very sedulous, and no trivial concerns of the flesh would derail him. He had a very strong stomach, anyway. He thought that was fortunate in this situation, but he also suspected that his strength was more to do with John than any arbitrary expression of genetics. His mate required his strength, and so it was there.
Sherlock’s head reappeared in the doorway, and the pale eyes of his mate rested on him as though he might manage to disappear the moment he went unobserved. Rather than comment on it, as he found himself feeling the same way, John climbed out of bed.
“The more you say things like that, Mycroft, the less I believe them. Look, do you have anything else? Sherlock’s nearly back and I don’t think you two want to cross paths right now.”
He kept hold of Sherlock’s hand as they went on, glad of the little relief of his mate’s touch as they reached the end of Park Village and turned out onto Primrose Hill.
In the kitchen, on the table there was a Tesco’s bag on the only clear spot to be found. There were boxes in the bag, smears of what looked like mud on it, and in places the bag itself was rent by the edges of its contents.
The scent of coffee woke John. With the tree at his back and the lap full of little girl, that was a bit strange.
He made John wary. “That’s a thing to say,” John replied, feeling a particular stab of empathy at the description that had been given to the men around them.
They told him anyway. In the morning, several days later - how many days was it now, anyway? - an officer who was decidedly not Pauline told him in flat terms that John was no longer suited to military service and would be returning home.
“Married,” John said, hours later as he slumped in the chair by Sergeant Lestrade’s desk. It was a triumphant sort of revelation, one that took a bit of the sting out of that whole ‘exception’ business that Sherlock had mentioned, and softened the sergeant to John’s tastes.
His mate was beside him. His strong, wonderful, interesting, endlessly surprising mate. Sherlock wondered just how it was that whoever had captured him had managed to lay hands on someone like
“I can’t question either of you here,” Lestrade said, shaking his head as the paramedics got Milton from the couch to a stretcher and made their way out.
According to the file, after the attack on the hospital in Kandahar - blamed on terrorists, which was close enough really - John had been held in captivity in Iran. He had recovered somewhat, and then managed to make his escape, and had headed to Turkey. There he fell ill again and was hospitalized, barely conscious, for several months. Once he'd regained consciousness he indicated he was a Brit, and the consulate had been called.
John wasn’t sure he even knew the way to the correct room, but if he stayed one more minute listening to gentle leading questions or the stories about his mate from the new load of in-laws, he was going to get into a fight with someone.
Sherlock snorted, but after that he settled down for the rest of the trip. They made it to the city and once in London, John convinced Sherlock into takeaway. They were tucked away in the flat with it before nine.
Unable to watch her pain without offering something, because he was and always would be Harry’s brother, and brothers simply did not do that sort of thing in John Watson’s book, he reached out and liberated one of her hands from her cup to take in his own. And it wasn’t fair, of course. The look Harry gave him when her eyes came up to look at his said that she knew just how unfair it was of her. She squeezed his hand and shook her head.
John couldn’t help but think just how amazing it was that the flat felt so much like home after only a few days living in it.
to approach him. The bleeding needed to be stopped. If Dr. Watson did not realize there was a problem with his hand…
Greg wished, desperately, that he’d paid more attention in that little training seminar about dealing with aggressive suspects. Not that he’d needed it on any of the perpetrators that he picked up, but there might have been something useful that he could use on Doctor Watson.
Temperance's expression cracked into a smile that led to a chuckle. Charles gave John a second look and then frowned, obviously not finding anything worth commenting on when it came to similarities. Beyond that they were blond, John didn't either, but he was amused by the discomfort it caused the posh looking man.
Rather than focus on his own discomfort, John returned his energy to getting the blood out of the cushions.
“The blue one’s yours,” Sherlock said, fixing John in his gaze firmly before disappearing into the living room again.
Instead, Dr. Watson was questioned for nearly an hour regarding his identity, his whereabouts for the past twelve hours, and his occupation.
Through the bedroom door, he heard the front door open, and Sergeant Lestrade’s cut off greeting of, “Evening, Hol-
“That’s all well and good,” John interrupted the pair of them, “but you can’t go around bleeding on the whole blasted flat! Sit down and let me take a look at you.”
“Don’t know, don’t care,” John said, turning in Sherlock’s arms to put his face against his mate’s neck. The motion made him hiss, and Sherlock whimpered involuntarily. “You’re going shopping.”
“Constable Trimble got called in by the CSO that took the initial,” Dotty said. “Told him you asked for a courtesy on it, and he said that if you made it before the tosser got himself into handcuffs, you were welcome to talk to him.”
Between the two of them, without pulling too much away or getting disentangled from each other, John ended up on his hands and knees, with Sherlock behind him. The length of his mate stretched out against his back had that same electric tingle, and John started to shift so he could find a handhold on Sherlock when slick, questing fingers worked their way up the inside of his thigh. John hadn’t even heard the bottle open.
Well, he used both when he could be reminded of time passing. It threatened to blur together, getting harder and harder to distinguish.
"It's a pleasure to meet you both," John said, trying a hand at soothing the lot of them. It wasn't the first time he'd had his height pointed out to him, and he doubted it would be the last.
John withheld his surprise at Sherlock’s familiarity with the bleeding man, instead moving to stop the bleeding man’s progress into the flat. Sherlock didn’t seem unsettled or in any way upset by it, which was strange given how blatantly territorial his mate could be. But it had to be a real state of disregard, didn’t it? John couldn’t
Sherlock chose that moment to lick his neck, and John surrendered to the feeling of it, sagging in his grip and angling himself for best consumption. Sherlock grinned triumphantly against his neck, and Mycroft rustled his paper in annoyance.
John’s eyes shifted over to look at his mate, leaned beside the fireplace as far away from John as the living room would allow. It was edging him towards break down rather than explosion.
It had been an introduction he had been eager to make, two people he wanted to know one another so both would understand their importance to him.
When Sherlock caught John puzzling over that, he said, “Of course not, John. Whatever would I need to visit Bristol for?”
“And I told you, Detective,” Dr. Watson replied, “yesterday afternoon I went for a walk. I met with an old friend, Mike Stamford, who works at Bart’s. He gave me a tour of the place, and then I went home.”
“Maybe,” John said, turning to regard the tall man who had cleaned and then occupied the entire sofa in a sprawl that looked more cat-like than wolf-like. “What are you filing, exactly?”
There was no easy little 'exit interview' with his 'recruiter' - John would have been pleased to have a last, go-nowhere flirt with Pauline - and there was no 'tedious paperwork'. It turned out that when you disappeared from a medical facility in a cloud of smoke and explosives, stayed disappeared for a year, and turned up with a scar on your neck, the army either thought you'd gone rogue or crazy. It wasn’t unheard of for MIA soldiers to turn up, but it was in no way a common occurrence without ransom demands and/or an exchange of prisoners.
They went down to the dining room together, just like that. From the look Mycroft gave them as they came in and took their places, a look that intensified when Sherlock shifted his chair closer, Sherlock wasn't expected to be anywhere near so affectionate. John resisted the urge to huff in annoyance. It was made easier by the excellent food.
John’s skin was crawling, just enough to set him on edge. He resisted the urge to pace or to fidget because he knew that would make him look guilty, and he wasn’t guilty, he didn’t even know bloody Milton.
“Watson? John Watson?” John heard from behind him as he headed down one of the paths in Regent’s Park.
Once Milton was carted off, the PCO at their door excused herself. It might have been that she was no longer necessary, or it might have been Sherlock’s sniping that she really ‘ought to get that rash checked out, it’s not mysterious, it’s likely herpes’. John wanted to leave the room at that point. The teacup in his hand was the only thing keeping him from either blowing up or breaking down. Their argument from before the officers arrived was echoing loudly in his head, like the ring off from an explosion. The number of people flitting about made the flat seem less secure than it normally did, and John…
anywhere, John tucked his hands into his pockets and waited. The loitering lingered, dragging on in silence while Sherlock seemed almost entirely absent from where they were standing on the sidewalk.
“Well I didn’t stop to ask for names,” Dr. Watson said, “at the time I thought I’d just go back to the flat and see about it.”
Sherlock turned, soothed by the proximity of his mate, but puzzled by it because his mood was still the heavy one that had descended the moment Milton collapsed.
Sherlock seemed to take offense to Milton sitting on the couch. He stared down the intruder, almost to the point of ignoring when John asked, “Medicine kit?”
that it was there. John didn’t know what Sherlock was feeling. That was… it was different. John had known it would be, he’d
Once John was well past finished, Sherlock slid his fingers free, and John felt the firm press of Sherlock's length into him. He was loose, and wet, and Sherlock slid in easily, like he belonged seated to the hilt in John. The ride was a slow one, with hard thrusts pushing John into the mattress, and the words kept pouring out of Sherlock's lips. How good he was, how hot, how tight he felt. Did he want this? John moaned out a wanton yes in response, unable to hold back as his body struggled to regain its own erection. It was far too soon, of course, medically John knew it, but his body was determined to try, urgent to join the feeling of Sherlock slowly fucking him into the bed beneath them. John would feel this in the morning, and it was so,
Sherlock said, as though he could read John’s thoughts. “I disappointed them about that. They took her away safe and sound in the morning. She was boring. Nothing at all like you," Sherlock said reassuringly, and licked his ear. "My John," he nuzzled affectionately.
“I assume it has to do, yet again, with my drug usage. As Mycroft has indicated that it may not have been as far in the past as you thought it was, you are experiencing a renewed agitation about it.”
The thermos got lost somewhere in the transition. Sherlock’s blue room was just up the stairs, awaiting them as it always was. John allowed the warm arms of his mate to guide him to it, turning his face up for the languid kisses Sherlock pressed to his skin.
Leading that hook had taken the Colonel a few steps out of his corner. As another of the soldiers moved forward, John edged around behind them. Then, on instinct and moving quicker than he thought he could, John darted forward and hooked both arms around the Colonel’s neck.
The sergeant nodded, grimacing as he swallowed a mouthful of tea, and cleared his throat a little. “I need you both for questioning.”
“Probably ought to get used to this,” John said, mostly to himself, though he drew the eyes of an OAP sorting through the canned goods. “Doubt he’s much of one for shopping.”
"He's fiercely independent," Elisabeth said proudly. "It was a terror having the two of them in the house growing up."
Or at least those were John’s thoughts when he was inclined to exercise his mind along the avenue of thought. Sherlock’s fingers lingered, deftly helping to soothe the stiffness in his leg, and John’s mind settled on the pleasantness of that feeling. The hum of exhaustion grew louder in his ears.
"As everyone is so pleased to remind me, I've ignored the usual way of things," Sherlock sneered, "I couldn't
Somewhere between Paris and London, John managed to catch his breath - something he hadn’t even realized was a problem prior to taking a suddenly unhindered inhale - and the gray that had taken over his vision became less of a haze. The world of gray became more articulate at first, and then even the gray cast of things began to let up as the train had sped him towards London.
The soldier that was assigned to the group of them - not that John had yet really seen anyone else in the quarantine hall, but wasn’t that the point? - called the names of those that would be off to the doctors, each ordered by doctor name and then alphabetical down the soldiers, and then those that would be remaining in their rooms, also ordered alphabetically, finally he called out those that would come off the hall after breakfast.
Some time later, John was woken by low words. It wasn't the first time, Sherlock just didn't seem to sleep as much as he did.
“Paracetemol,” John replied, nonetheless shifting to let Sherlock’s long fingers curl around the length of his half-interested cock.
The feeling of absence was insistent, for a moment, and John barely managed to keep from bolting from the hospital in the direction of the flat. Instead he did the reasonable thing, and pointed out the time, excusing himself from the chat. Mike nodded, and gave John his cell phone number, extracting a promise from him to catch up at a pub soon - “We won’t tell the wife,” Mike said, with a conspiratory wink, “beer’s right out of the diet.” - before they said their goodbyes.
Paracetamol, which was lovely; three boxes of tea, which seemed excessive; and a carton of milk that had been left sitting out too long. John poured it down the sink, just in case, and turned his face away in case of any smell. He’d do without milk for this sitting, probably do without until Harry was back on her feet or until Clara came to get her.
There was some rustling around and a good deal of shifting and Sherlock fished the phone out of wherever it had fallen the day before, the night before, or whenever it had left one of their possessions to join the clutter on the floor. He relinquished it to John with a sour aftertaste to the gesture, one that John studiously ignored.
A firm press of those clever fingers cut John's words off for him. Sherlock shifted up, leaning against his back to press lips against his ear. "You
It didn’t take long before Sherlock’s head came up from the displays. John could feel it, just like he could feel Sherlock’s eyes lock onto him.
Now Sherlock swept the couch clean almost before John could cross to it. Sherlock was at the shelves with the armload of books, putting things away properly. “Once the laboratory is set up, there shouldn’t be a need to make this room uncomfortable,” Sherlock said, back to John.
Harry’s look remained concerned, but she nodded. She’d known him through the height of his prowess, had heard his friends joking about his nickname when they’d bring him back from the pub on the off-night when he was too drunk to end up trotting off home with someone. “Old or new?”
Just like that, John got stuck on his wolf wound. The bullet and the bite in his shoulder went round and round in circles chasing each other, half-memories and wild imaginings that he couldn’t confirm or deny. It was disorienting, but that could have had to do with the weakness that bringing the Colonel to the floor had made, or the way his old wounds sang a new song of pain in the aftermath.
Lestrade gathered all of his remaining patience as he headed down the hall to where the door stood open and he could see the arm of another CSO. There was even the same dent and scratch in the wood of the open door. This was the same door, alright. He stopped in the doorway for a final breath to himself, hoping to survey the scene a bit before Sherlock began his rather-overwhelming dialog about whatever had happened.
“No,” Greg said. For a moment, the room around them went away and he was back in that damp alley. Milton was strung up by his wrists, dripping blood from - Greg shook his head to clear it, and affirmed, “That wasn’t you, Dr. Watson.”
Years ago, John had done rotations in the A&E. It was a battleground entirely different from the one he’d gone to later. At the time it hadn’t affected him, even on the bloodier nights when his fellow doctors and the nurses were all bothered by the constant flow of injuries. John’s imperviousness to the carnage had been one of the things that settled his mind about going into the army, actually.
“It’s always dispatch,” Abbey retorted, “I’d worry you were cheating on me if I didn’t have it on good authority that you are, quite literally,
Anne patted John on the forearm in much the same manner that Sherlock had Connie. “I take it what Elisabeth said was true, then,” she commented, drawing John at last from his diverted attention.
That said, I hope you've enjoyed this chapter. I'm posting it as the start of my birthday events today. Yay!
the way one sobers up from a dose of drugs. If you encounter that situation, you should contact healthcare professionals.
John fell silent, leaving the last question unanswered. He didn't like to think of that night in Afghanistan, no matter who asked him about it. Facing death like that was not the sort of conversation to have with the living. His entire unit was dead, he'd nearly joined them. "Sherlock, I can't-"
about werewolves. Perhaps, he thought darkly, learning to omit via torture was an effective method. He'd had to do it since he'd been recovered after the attack. The one time he’d mentioned anything about what he’d actually seen, he’d noticed the telltale look of a doctor about to order a psych eval. After that, John had decided not to mention the rest of what had happened. And then with Russia… well, John would have hidden the truth anyway, but now with Sherlock to think about it would take some rather unthinkably serious things to get him to spill anything true about them.
“Mycroft,” John said calmly, turning to face the wolf in the kitchen doorway, “I don’t condone that kind of drug usage in anybody. Sherlock and I are currently having a spat about it, and all that happened was a bloody drug dealer came to the door.”
The moon had been on a Friday evening, and the in-laws, as John had settled on thinking of the rest of the pack until he found some reason to use another term, were at least lively company. Well, that is to say that Horatio, Anne, and Connie were lively company. Mycroft and Anthea were gone by the time brunch was called for.
This was an easy conversation spoken by two who knew the words perfectly. John surrendered to his mate’s grip, to his mouth, to his cock when it thrust into him. And as it was, or perhaps because it was the wolf in Sherlock that took him, there was some greater understanding the passed between them.
It had made John laugh, only more so when Sherlock snorted at overhearing the conversation between the two of them.
When he woke things had stopped spinning, but from the movement of the others in the bunk room there didn’t seem to be any addition to his measure of time. Able to find that much confirmation, John clung to his awareness of time’s passing, unwilling to let go of it. If he could measure time, then he might be able to keep hold of the truth. He would not be trapped forever away from Sherlock.
John decided he was right, and it was just a wolfy way of phrasing things. Sherlock meant well. That didn’t make it better. “It’ll round out the third day,” John said, frowning. “Just give me the phone.”
The teapot began to whistle - a watched pot did manage to conform at least when the temperature was high enough - and John took it off the hob. He glanced over his shoulder and saw the conflicted look on the sergeant’s face, as though he was unsure where to look. Sherlock huffed in annoyance and turned to stalk into the kitchen when the man didn’t answer him.
Greg nodded. Rather than giving voice to any of the questions he had about any of this, he turned for the door. Behind him, he could almost
I will admit, dear readers, that I have fudged a bit of the techno-know-how in this chapter. I was never a communications major, and so any and all references to cellular systems, wire tapping information, and data storage routines on communications is purely made up. (I wasn't particularly up on getting put on some list for the research, though I imagine there'd be little harm in it these days.)
He caught his breath. The painful awareness of his heartbeat subsided, overtaken with awareness of Sherlock.
The tension that had crept into John since the fight ebbed, and he sank shivering into Sherlock's arms. He wasn't sure he'd be able to sleep, but his mind began to slow down, and his breathing began to even out.
She had taken a photo of Doctor Watson’s bruising, and it looked ugly. “What’s this here?” Greg asked, pointing at some strange markings on the Doctor’s shoulder.
Lestrade edged into the room around Sherlock and pushed the door closed behind him. “Put the bloody robe on, you nutter,” he snapped.
It could be the drugs. The aftermath of Sherlock’s habits was different every time, as though the wolf within him enjoyed figuring out new consequences to add to the rapid detoxification.
Dr. Watson, Greg thought, deserved better. It could be reasonably assumed that the doctor was Sherlock’s partner, and that deserved some respect.
John couldn’t make out the words, precisely, but he knew that voice even without being able to hear what was said.
It wouldn’t have mattered if he had. It wasn’t a romantic nothing he was whispering, considering the grayness that had descended on him the longer they were apart. That was the only true explanation he could think of for it.
Looking over, he found Sherlock was staring at him. Reaching further, there was the familiar sensation of desire, but there was something sweeter about it.
“Right,” John said, sipping his own too-hot tea. He sat in the armchair and took in his brother-in-law with the beginnings of a scowl. “Well, I’d offer you a place to sit, but we’re a bit shy on the moment. I’m not sure what Sherlock has on the chairs in the kitchen.”
John caught the one nearest him and threaded their fingers together. “It can’t be so bad, can it?” he asked.
The horrible squawking that was the ringtone of John’s mobile went off again, and whatever Sherlock’s response to the tease was got lost to the growl that came out of him in reply. John sighed, softly, and turned his face into the pillow. It had to be Harriet, didn’t it? It had to be. No one else had the number.
Then Harry was moving again, letting go of his hands and searching through that big shiny purse and her phone was thrust at him. “Take this.”
It turned out Sherlock knew a place. There was a little hole in the wall Greek restaurant just around the way, not the sort of thing that John expected to find in Bloomsbury of all places, but the kebabs were very, very good. Once they were finished, and everything was paid - John still didn’t know where Sherlock got his money, but from the delicious looking (and exorbitantly expensive) way his mate dressed, he didn’t have to worry just yet - Sherlock loitered on the sidewalk.
“Can’t,” Sherlock said, curling down around him. Long-fingered hands groped at John to check for injuries.
For a moment, the door to the furnace of his temper threatened to burst open, but John managed to keep it shut. “First, it’s not judgment, Sherlock. Second, I’m allowed to be upset when I… do you even know what those sorts of drugs do to you?”
The empty space left in Sherlock by the whirling feeling morphed into relief, strong enough that it tasted of sunshine.
It was already ten o’clock when he finished the stack of paperwork on his desk. He was just putting a call in to Abigail to let her know he would be heading home, had just said hello when his mobile beeped softly with an incoming call. A part of him really wanted to ignore it. He’d been on since seven that morning, and all he wanted was a warm meal and a warm wife and a warm bed in some order.
Oh, John knew Sherlock was there, but it was like knowing you still had your foot when it fell asleep and you couldn’t actually
From the corner of his eye, John saw his mate still and felt the first tinge of agitation from him. No, Sherlock was no better at containing his feelings than before. He simply hadn’t cared until he’d been annoyed.
He didn’t exactly have tender feelings towards most of his family on his own. Sherlock didn’t have to-
“But you could guess,” John replied, taking a deep breath against the feelings flooding him. All his relief, all his elation had turned to feelings of betrayal, and that was the perfect fuel for his temper. Sherlock watched him closely, and as John settled into the flush of his temper, Sherlock’s expression tightened and closed up.
Sherlock led the way around the buildings and back into the little alley, coat flapping with the agitated speed of his movements. John’s mate sniffed at the alleyway from one end to the other. There was what looked like dried blood all over the place, but some of it was faded, and John wondered if he’d missed a storm in the last few days. He certainly hadn’t been paying much attention to the weather.
So John, gripped by an inexplicable sense of fear, even one that was completely foreign to him, was a shock like being dunked as a human in a frozen lake. Sherlock lost the sense of up and down. The bottom seemed to drop out of the world. It had not helped that it hit just as John’s assailants attempted a repeat performance on
They neither of them had cleaned up since the escape... since before the escape. Sherlock smelled very strongly of himself - with an understandable amount of dried sweat and the antiseptic that had been used on his hand when he changed back - and John felt himself stirring in reaction to it. He shifted closer to Sherlock, tipping his nose against his mate's neck to-
“You make looking after you such a chore, Sherlock,” Temperance sighed. She looked at John. “You will come and visit, won’t you?”
Sherlock nodded as well, and began carefully closing all the packages he’d taken out. The meat wrappers were folded and tucked in carefully. Where there were ties they were bowed securely, where there were seals they were zipped with all the excess air released from the plastic. He lined up the bottles of sauces and carefully cleaned the edges of the jar tops with a separate corner of a napkin on each before screwing the lids on tightly. Then he scooped up the jars and the packages of meat and returned them all to the refrigerator. He snatched up his sandwich quickly, as though afraid that Mycroft would make a move for it, and brushed past his brother. “After dinner we can go.”
“Constable Trimble said I had until you got yourself in handcuffs to talk to you,” the sergeant said. “The joke’s apparently on me. He meant until I slapped them on you.”
That was what Sherlock had said. It was so woefully inadequate for the masterful way he drew sound from the instrument. Sherlock stood in the sitting room with his back to the door, facing the windows. His posture was rigid as his bow jumped furiously back and forth across the strings in quick, short strokes.
No. John didn’t want to hear this. He knew he didn’t want to hear it, but he couldn’t not hear it. If this was his fault he had to know. “Until?”
of his,” Sherlock said, putting both long-fingered hands on the back of the chair. He leaned forward, watching John intently.
John’s hand stopped on the cushion for a moment, and then he forced himself to keep going. “How do you figure?”
- to give it any attention. He was feeling it, after all, and that was enough. He was a mess with shaking hands and half-crossed eyes and a shooting pain in his hip that gave him a limp.
“Bergen-Hohne, of course,” Sherlock murmured, flipping the pages of the report. His eyes darted back and forth across the page and Mycroft was almost impressed at the attention he paid them. “Of course. Scheduled for a psychiatric evaluation.” Sherlock flicked angry eyes at Mycroft. “They won’t medicate him.”
“We will figure it out,” Elisabeth said firmly to her son. Her eyes found John as he swayed, and she frowned. “John?”
Before John could answer or protest, the same firm hug enveloped him, and the brown haired wolf lifted him just a little, sniffed him - John thought he did, anyway - and then set him back on his feet, extending a hand as he introduced himself with, "Horatio Fairfax."
John looked up to meet his mate’s gaze, and for a moment there was heat, as there had been that morning and on nights and days before it, but there was something different, something warm and fond beneath it that drew John’s lips into a smile.
“Well, he doesn’t look particularly fit to me,” she said defensively, waving Greg away. “It’ll all be in the report, Sergeant.”
“I’m a bit surprised myself,” John said, mindful that shorter responses had less a chance of backfiring on him.
I am not overly fond of Charles, but that doesn't mean there's not plenty to love about him. To every wolf, a purpose.
John leaned into it, feeling the affection. He clung to that feeling, tightening his arms around Sherlock until he had to break the kiss to yawn. “That said. It’s the arse end of the day, and I’m knackered.”
The man against the mantle had sandy blond hair, a bit of stubble on his cheeks, strong shoulders and a healthy complexion to his skin.
John didn’t particularly want to open the door this time either, but he had a sinking feeling that whatever Mycroft would do otherwise would be unpleasant. He rose from where he was working on the couch and went to let Mycroft in.
While the tea steeped, John looked for clean plates. The only ones he could see were at the bottom of the mess in the sink, and there was something that appeared to have solidified on the surface of them.
For a moment, John stared at the sergeant, confused as to what waiting would accomplish, and then his torso decided to remind him of the fight the day before the way his head had. He sighed and gestured for the sergeant to come along with him, and they creaked their way slowly back up the stairs.
Heat pressed against heat, and Sherlock was no shy lover. In the weeks in their cage he had proved to be as demanding as he was attentive. Sherlock had focus beyond anything that John had ever seen, and when it was turned to sex, John quickly unraveled. They had been lovers a short time, but even the fiancée that John had failed to make work had not known his body so well.
If there was some reaction from the sergeant to that, the man didn’t voice it. Instead there was the sound of footsteps and the sergeant headed over to the couch.
For a moment the three of them stood there. John took the few steps over to where the sergeant stood in the bedroom doorway, peeked in to check on Harry for a moment, and then closed the door with all of them on the outside of it. The sergeant didn’t protest, but he did take a step back.
There was silence for a moment, obviously Detective Spoon didn’t like having that obvious fact pointed out to him by the person he was interrogating. Then, “Is there anyone that can verify the two of you were in the flat last night?”
Harry demanded. “That way I’ll have your number. When I get a new one I’ll ring you. You know, in case you need a place to stay, or a chat, or… anything.”
Sherlock’s stomach protested, but he seemed to ignore it in favor of pressing his forehead to John’s. Warm breath puffed against his cheek, and John really thought they both needed a trip to the loo to brush their teeth.
"We've begun our descent into Dresden," Mycroft said, retaking the seat opposite them. "Your Captain Watson will most likely wish to be covered up in the cold."
The blackness of doubt stretched, and then it did not matter, because the gaping chasm was vaster than any words could have prepared him for, and there was no way not to fall in. He fell.
“Don’t mind it,” Anne said to John as they settled in at the table. “One or the other of the two of them always has something on that needs dashing after.”
From the splashes on the brick and the marking on the concrete, John had to agree with him, but without a good look at the body or photos of the scene undisturbed he couldn’t offer any other comment.
. "How did you know we were in Russia? Why didn't you tell me we were in Russia? How did you survive the ambush? Wh-"
(And for this I would like to thank my high school computer club, my undergraduate professors, and several sound engineers.)
As we stand right now, dear readers, we've got seven more chapters of this one. There's a possibility of an eighth, but it's a slim one. I think I can edit in what's needed to the chapters I have. I'm also going to try and get the entire thing posted by the end of the year. I would say by Christmas, but I don't think that's going to happen. The posting schedule would be too hectic, and I do bookkeeping at work. "End of the Year" is like an even in an MMORPG. If this were The Secret World, I'd be a member of the Illuminati and there'd be an explosive charge with a timer waiting for me if I fail.
John was sure she had good intentions at one point, probably to do with bundling her invalided baby brother back to her flat, but somewhere along the route to collect him that altruistic sibling protective impulse had gotten diverted. All the grayness of the world and shaking of his hand didn't prevent John from thinking the worst thing he could think of.
"You'll need to, ah... clean up first, please." She gestured to the small bathroom connected to the room. "And then, we're ready to get started. Dr. Haughermann is prepping the surgical room."
“Precisely,” Sherlock said, stretching out to his full length, taking John by the wrists and sliding his feet against John’s insteps as though he could somehow pull John’s limbs to a similar length of near-gangle.
The walk was brisk, and John’s stomach complained at him, but rather than stop at a shop for groceries he went straight back to the flat.
John was following along with the details, and though they were correct, once pointed out, he would not have pieced them together so seamlessly or quickly. “Brilliant,” he said, awed by the speed of it all.
In response, Sherlock took his lips with a needy growl. The kiss was heated, and the warmth of it and the warmth of Sherlock’s skin against his finally cast off the last of the chill of the nightmare.
way to wake a soldier from a nightmare, John was glad for the way his mate’s long body had him thoroughly pinned to the mattress.
There was a man on the other side of the door. An average looking man, or at least John thought he was, in a somewhat expensive shirt. He was on the far side of twenty, probably somewhere just shy of thirty, with thinning hair and a rather unfortunate mustache. He looked as though he had been on the wrong end of a fight. There was blood coming from a most likely broken nose, and gashes on one side of his face that disappeared up into his receding hairline. He didn’t seem to see John opening the door, he staggered quickly past him into the flat.
Sherlock seemed to have absolutely no ability to shield his feelings, though John wasn’t sure he was really trying.
“Chasing after you can have that affect on me,” John allowed, pulling his shirt off before rising to work his way free of his trousers. Sherlock remained standing straight, looking a little chastised when John glanced up at him. “But there’s nowhere I’d rather be than at your side,” John said, because it was true and also because he thought it would lift Sherlock’s spirits before he fell into a sulk. Since marrying Sherlock – since
As the dinner concluded, the wolves left the dining room and went into a side parlor. Rawden met them as they were adjourning, and indicated that he would be staying in that evening. The others were to mind their mother.
The blow came from behind, something solid square across the shoulders that had his whole spine tingling. His fingers spasmed, and the bags dropped to the ground. It was the shock rather than the pain of it that did it, but the blow threw him forward into whoever it was - male, by the bulk of him - that had knocked him into the alley.
It was day, or rather evening fifteen of being a married man, for both of them. Not everything was solved or sorted between them, of that both were certain. John knew as much without having to hear it spoken. Sherlock seemed to relax when they were out of sight from others, and little gestures like the current one were a – John did not think that reward was the proper word for them. The casual gesture was not quite affection as one would expect from a normal person, but Sherlock was hardly a normal person. John did not think he should like to be married to a normal person, after all. Rather, the gesture felt as though it reinforced something.
tea would be better than standing about in the living room arguing with the sergeant about why he hadn’t gone to the A&E until Sherlock came back. In any other mood it might have been a discussion, but John could tell that if he let the sergeant ask, he’d end up shouting his reply. He was still somewhat rational, though. Rational enough to know that, and rational enough to decide that even the piss-mint was better than picking a fight with a cop when they were witnesses in an open murder investigation.
