So he opened the door and peered inside, thinking that if Sherlock had been using, it might be necessary to check on Sherlock’s vitals. Instead, he found Sherlock awake and sitting at the foot of his bed, staring at the wall in front of him. He looked tired and haggard, with none of the composure he had been putting on this morning but also none of the anger that had followed. He just looked defeated.
That annoyed John even more, but he chose to let the man rest. After all, it had been a difficult day. Maybe some sleep and a reset was what was needed and tomorrow he would come to his senses.
But here they were, in the middle of tracking a serial killer that was still actively killing, and Sherlock had just quit. Just walked out, acting completely indifferent to the fact that future lives were still at stake.
Once John had finished his coffee, he washed and dried the cup. By now it had been about an hour and a half since Sherlock had stormed off. John headed over to Sherlock’s room and cautiously knocked. There was no response.
Sherlock nodded. “Now, tell me Watson, why do you think a person might be compelled to put on three nicotine patches? What does that tell you about their state of mind?” he asked.
John frowned. “You told me you wanted tea, that’s hardly reaching out. How was I supposed to know you were on the verge of a relapse?”
He watched with a slight relief as Holmes and Lestrade walked towards the door. If anyone was going to stop this monster, it could only be the detective. His talent exceeded the capabilities of the rest of the people involved in the investigation.
The box was suede and had the color of ripe cherry, it could fit in one hand. John was sure the contents of this box must have been extremely valuable and beautiful. He turned it between his fingers and looked at Mycroft out of the corner of his eye, who was walking a step ahead of him. They were slowly walking towards their apartment through the wide hall that he already knew by heart. He knew where the carpet was, where it was necessary to move, so as not to hit the ebony table or double benches, standing against the walls and separating the apartments. Since they said goodbye to Francesca and her husband, Mycroft didn't say a word. He walked in silence with a strange expression on his face. John could not deduce whether it was the result of thoughtfulness, anger or other reasons. He rarely managed to accurately assess the mood of a genius, so this time he decided not to do it. He followed his back and tried to guess what was in the box.
The offer did not surprise him, but the time and place did. Does Mycroft want to distract him from the worries caused by Sherlock? It wasn't like him. He was glad of the invitation, but the thought of having to spend the whole evening with Stoner was the last thing he wanted to do. Since the day had not started well enough, and there were only less than two days left to the end of the trip, he decided to spend it in such a way as to avoid all possible situations that could upset him. He made an appointment with Molly and Sherlock, but he couldn't cancel it.
"Squisito, squisito!" He repeated. He held a bottle of wine in one hand and put the fingers of the other to his lips in a typical Italian gesture, imitating the sounds of smacking. "Questo e il miglior vino della zona."
"Oh, sorry. I was confused by that moustache." Smiling, he took a small watch from his pocket and thought for a moment. "Come on, Watson. We've got a killer to catch."
He did not answer. He put the cup down on a small table with a serious face and shifted in his chair. "You came to convince me," he said calmly "that my feelings for John are exaggerated because of the rush and with the flow of emotions. That you suddenly opened your eyes and saw what I saw in him from the beginning. You will definitely try to convince me that you are on my side. And the fact that you want to take John away from me will not affect our relationship. And you will present it to me in a gentle form. As you usually do, when you deceive your co-workers with nice words that do not actually reflect the seriousness of the situation and decisions".
"A beautiful day, John. My only regret is that it is so hot. Otherwise, I would show you the whole city. But I can tell you a little about it now ..." saying this, he leaned over the table and pointed at something on John's side.
This time, instead of answering, Holmes stared at him and was silent for a few seconds. Finally, he took a step towards him. "Let's say I'm a murderer. I'm wandering around looking for a victim. Finally, I find what I'm looking for. A lonely prostitute. You, that is". He hesitated and frowned slightly. "I hope I didn't offend you with this comparison, Dr Watson."
"Love is not that simple, Sherlock. It puts us in front of choices we never thought of before," John was starting to tremble. He was overwhelmed by the situation and the realization that he had talked about his feelings with the person who had was in the first place in his heart for so many years. "I love both of you and I cannot choose," he said decisively as if he wanted to reassure himself about the correctness of his words. He straightened up and gave each of the brothers a long look, but it was the younger that he focused the longest on. "I wish I had both you and Mycroft ... I know I'm a bastard ... a monster. I know this is selfish and that this is an absolutely unacceptable way of thinking. So despite the voices in my head screaming that I shouldn't do this ... I can't choose any of you. "
"No," he said gently. "But definitely surprised and bewildered. You could never come to an agreement ... what happened that you are unanimous now?"
Everything was ready. Sherlock sat back comfortably, straightened his legs, which he crossed at the ankles, and rested his head on connected fingers. He closed his eyes and plunged into his palace. Thoughts went straight to his favorite and largest room, which John occupied. The minutes passed slowly, but Sherlock didn't notice. He sat focused and thoughtful, rummaging through memories. During all these years there have been countless memories. Most often it was memories of their daily lives. Common meals, time spent talking or in complete silence. There were memories of criminal matters, trips and idle sitting in the living room, during which John dealt with reading the book, completely unaware that he was being watched by his friend. There were happy and funny memories, but also sad ones. Sherlock preferred not to touch the latter, although he realized that they were no less important than the other moments that he experienced with John and which connected them and made their relationship deeper. He returned to them many times when his relationship with John did not progress. He wondered where he had made a mistake and how he could avoid similar ones in the future. He did not want to be ideal, but he wanted to be a man John would be proud of and with whom he would like to have his future. Not only as a friend.
It was bright outside the hotel, just like during the day. All thanks to the warm lights of the lamps. The water looked like a river made of gold. The illuminated buildings looked charming. People were busy talking to each other. Few groups of people laughed and went to nearby restaurants and cafes. Music was everywhere. John had seen Venice from the terrace many times at night, but he wondered why he was appreciating the beauty of this city only now and saw what had previously escaped his attention. Was it because of Mycroft's presence? John didn't want to know the answer, and he could feel his stare the whole time. This short road between the hotel entrance and the gondola harbor has never seemed so stressful to him. Mycroft stared at him and didn't even try to hide it. When they came to the gondola he saw a man in a standard gondolier costume who was staring at them with a smile.
From time to time, John looked at smiling Mycroft, who was sitting to his right. He had the opportunity to see that behind this cool mask Mycroft presented to the world, he was a gentle and talkative man. Both brothers perfectly mastered the art of acting, but John knew one thing - Mycroft finally did not hide his real face. He liked Mr. and Mrs. Coletti and did not even try to hide it. John guessed their shared accommodation in the same hotel was no accident. Francesca's laughing voice snapped him out of his thoughts.
"I did" Mycroft finally looked at his brother. "However, he insisted and announced that he would visit us today."
"Mr Holmes!" Lestrade reprimanded him and, feeling more confident, approached the body. "This 'thing' was a living person before," he scolded him.
"You chose me." He started to approach John. He felt the fire in his own eyes. The heat under his skin called for touch. He stopped right in front of the doctor and looked down at him for a moment. Not because he felt better than him, but because he was taller. He slowly brought his nose closer to his hair. He wanted to feel the touch of silver hair and smell the shampoo he used every day.
"What? Are you going to leave?" Stoner asked, straightening and letting go of Molly's hand. He focused all his attention on John. He waited for an answer, but he didn't get it because John ignored him.
"... And so... Much... Death". The sullen voice and the slowly drawn words set the conversation seriously. It was not the time for banter or ironic comments. The stranger filled the glasses with amber liquid. "Not that there's anything particularly wrong with death," he added, less harshly. "It is, after all... inevitable. Still... none of us want for it to come too soon...", he leaned in just enough to offer him one of the glasses, but not enough to reveal his face. "... do we?".
"I heard you talked to her yesterday. I have to thank her for this bill," he said and looked at John. He frowned and stared at him a little longer. John was silent and knew Mycroft was deducing him now, but he didn't feel like masking what he would usually prefer to keep to himself. He stood in silence and looked at the man who examined him with a short but very inquisitive look.
He had too much to say. He didn't know where to start. In his entire career as a military doctor, he hadn't seen anything like this. Yes, his companions and friends died before his eyes from gunshot wounds. He was familiar with the sight and the smell of freshly clotted blood. Death was his daily companion. However, he had never experienced a murder like this before. The situation was even worse because the victim was a woman. She looked like one of the many women in this area. The hardships of life were visible on her face. She took whatever job she could, and since the only way to survive in this neighbourhood was prostitution, no wonder she drowned her sorrows in the alcohol that still was floating above her corpse. No matter who she was, no one deserved such a death.
"You should have thought about it earlier. If you hadn't wasted time wandering around the city all night or at least had your phone with you, you would have more time to prepare. Now, please, do more important things instead of looking for excuses. I will order breakfast in the room. When you are ready we will join the others.
He nodded, but the pathologist didn't react. She just gripped her arm tighter and narrowed her eyes even more.
"What for example? Cigarettes?" He had to control his amusement when he saw his friend's surprised expression. "Yes, I've seen you pack several packs in a bag." He leaned over the bed to put down the gun. "Sebastian smokes too. You will not run out of cigarettes." He wanted to hit his face. He started talking about Moran again, though he tried to avoid it at all costs. He didn't hear the answer. He looked away at his friend, who for some reason was quiet and behaved completely unlike himself. Something must have worried him. John knew it was serious and they would have to talk about it. He was silent. He waited for his friend to start the conversation and say what was bothering him. In the meantime, he went to the chair, grabbed the black T-shirt, and put it on. He relaxed immediately. He felt strange when Sherlock looked at him in such a strange way. When he returned to his friend, he noticed that Sherlock was really worried about something. He avoided his eyes and had trouble controlling his breathing. John was worried. He put a hand on his shoulder, which surprised his friend. Sherlock looked at him and smiled nervously. He didn't shake his hand off his shoulder. He stood still, but then stared at the floor, as he used to do when things got stressful, or he had something to say that worried him.
When they were alone, Mycroft turned nonchalantly to his brother. "When will you stop stealing my stuff, Sherlock?"
The saleswoman was already starting to arrange a bouquet of white daisies from the amount John showed her on his fingers. "I could take roses," he said, not looking away from the woman's slick hand. "But I like them better." He heard the soft murmur of a friend who was standing behind him. He saw him talk for a moment with the girl who had left the back room.
The silence in the room was overwhelming. Even worse than from a dozen or so minutes ago when the first declaration of love was made. This time it wasn't so pleasant. The situation turned one hundred and eighty degrees, and instead of joy and relief, the room was filled with sadness.
The car was silent. Neither Mycroft nor John spoke anymore. They both tried to calm down after what had happened. Actually, after what didn't happen. Mycroft regretted not being able to control himself. He was worried about Sherlock's reaction because it was certain that his younger brother would guess what had happened. He was also afraid that this would be his last opportunity to feel John's lips. He still wasn't sure what he would decide, and the prospect of spending the next days in doubt frightened him. He couldn't deduce what John was thinking when he looked at him. The doctor was looking at the buildings, shops and streets they passed. He rubbed his face and clenched his fingers on his left knee. When they arrived back at Baker Street, John sat for a moment, then finally looked at Mycroft, grabbing the door handle. He didn't say a word. He made no gesture. He opened the door and got out of the car. Before he disappeared from Mycroft's view, he leaned over and looked inside the car. He opened his mouth, ready to say something. He didn't do it. He closed the door quietly and entered the building.
"What do you want? Why do you care about him ... Why do you care about the good of someone other than yourself? Usually, you only see the tip of your nose and you do not care what others would think. I will start to suspect that your words are something more. Do not tell me you started to follow your deeper feelings, Mycroft ... " he asked ironically, but he fell silent and a smirk disappeared from his face when he saw Mycroft's serious expression and his tense body. Sherlock finished his cigarette furiously, and he threw the tip into the water in the canal. He turned on his heel, leaving his silent brother and returned to the room, where he started to look for his friend. He saw him talking to Francesca.
Sherlock stood still and refused to comment. However, the glowing tip and quickly disappearing cigarette assured Mycroft that his words echoed in his curly head.
"Mr Holmes ..." doctor Phillips began blankly, without taking his eyes off his notes, "he's on the street, questioning people. He does what is the duty of your men, Inspector"
"You don't have to know. You should only know that your presence is obligatory...". Mycroft stopped staring at his phone when he looked at John. He decided to pretend to be busy with it because it helped him not to look at John's wet hair and his shiny eyes. He knew people were tense and grumpy after arguments and didn't look at each other. They flaunt their offended pride and wait for the other person to make the first move. But John was completely different. Mycroft couldn't stand it. He didn't understand why John's behavior differed so much from that of other people after a quarrel. That's why Mycroft couldn't stop analyzing him.
John looked around the living room carefully. "Because the flat is quiet and ... clean." When his eyes fell on his friend, he narrowed his eyes and walked over to him.
The sight of Mycroft, hanging over him in a plain T-shirt and with slightly tousled hair, was so unusual that John could not resist and started to stare at him. Mycroft probably felt his husband was awake because after turning off the phone he looked down and met John's eyes. They stared at each other for a long time in complete silence. Finally, the older man, without taking his eyes off, left the phone and put his hand next to John's shoulder. At that moment, John felt the familiar lips for the third time that day.
I will not influence him," Mycroft continued a little more calmly. "I am asking you not to do it too. Because no matter what he chooses and what he intends to do, he must do it alone. Any pressure will make him wonder what would happen if ... I know that you love him like a friend. So be like a friend and support him no matter what he decides. " It was hard for him to talk. This was the first time he had faced such a situation. He had not envied his brother's friends before - and he did not have many of them - but now this relationship with John meant something more to both of them. Discussion about him has always belonged to the touchy ones. "What happened between us in Venice ...".
John smiled. "In that case, I don't see why you should sit here alone," he said, looking at his feet that began to guide him towards the genius. He stopped next to one of the armchairs standing in the middle of the living room. "Join us" he suggested with a warm voice.
"Then you know what starts at the beginning of next week. The congress of influential politicians from around the world. Several heads of state and important delegates will be also there. Unfortunately, I was also given the honor and obligation to appear at this meeting... And I can't show up there alone. I need company, in other words, my spouse ..."
John turned his head, trying not to look at the pleased face of the older man. He had to surrender to him and although he would have a chance to defeat him, he preferred to let him take control this time. He focused on pleasure and Mycroft's efforts. He didn't stop his moans when he felt the brushes on his sensitive places. However, when the warm hand slid down to his groin, he opened his eyes and tensed his body. Mycroft noticed his hesitation. He stopped moving and raised his head. He watched John's reaction for a moment. His accelerated breathing, red skin, and trembling body.
Strangely, John felt good. Of course, he wasn't 100% sober and he knew it, but he didn't have problems keeping his balance. His eyes were not in the worst shape either, because he noticed that the box in his hand was one, not two or four. One small red box that almost fell out of his hand when he hit Mycroft's back, who stopped suddenly. John looked up and saw Molly in front of him. She was also coming back to her apartment. She was carrying a plate with some salad and a tiny amount of cheese. The blue dress fluttered lightly, just like her hair.
John didn't know why he didn't protest when Stoner pulled him out of the hotel and led him into the city. He felt like a child, guided by a parent's hand. It was like he had nothing to say. He would love to get away and return to the Danieli Hotel, but the firm grip on his hand and the closeness of the man were so overwhelming and irresistible that he could not do it. Aaron looked pleased with the current situation. He wiped his forehead with an elegant handkerchief and did not stop even for a moment.
The next emotions he knew, although they were not pleasant, were feelings of rejection and resignation. He was angry with himself for the pride and stubbornness he manifested at the beginning of their relationship. He regretted his behavior, coldness, and ignorance, which made John move away from him and at the very beginning gave up the idea to look at him as a potential partner. He knew where he had made the mistake, but he thought he had no choice but to accept John's rejection. He felt it when it seemed that his friend had found a partner of his life. He couldn't honestly enjoy his happiness, but he tried. He tried for John. He wanted happiness for him, even if he had to suffer because of it. Everything has changed. Now he did not want to give up and wanted to fight for him.
"You know how it was," she said quietly, still avoiding looking at Mycroft. "He stood on the balcony for half a night and the other half watched something on his phone."
"You don't say," Mycroft said with obvious amusement and a smile. "Dream on, Sherlock ... You forgot everything I taught you. You can dictate to other people what they should feel, but in the end, it's their own decision. You won't always be able to control their thoughts and feelings, you can only manage it what they think at the moment. It doesn't work in the long run. And if you hadn't noticed, John is not as simple as it may seem and sometimes he behaves completely incomprehensibly by our standards. Of course, I don't even mention the fact you - as his friend - should not manipulate him like that".
He blinked several times. He had no choice but think back to the night before. Closing his eyes, he wandered the dark alleys, squinting his eyes against the bright moonlight. He could hear the rocks grinding under his boots and the splash of blood on his sole. He remembered the feeling of fear, disbelief, and then disgust as he stood pressed against the wall. Knife flash. "He may be left-handed, or he is pretending to be one." Were it not for Holmes's soothing touch he would have trembled at the memory of the blade slicing through his throat. "I heard the clatter of his shoes," he said in a disturbingly trembling voice. He remembered every detail as he saw the moment of the fight and then the chase. "He was fast and agile ... I lost his trail almost immediately," he added, opening his eyes.
"I'm looking for his signature. The letter 'J' cut with a knife. Our ripper leaves his identification mark on the victim's bodies."
"Muggy, hot and crowded," the genius said quickly. "What is this about? Murder without the victim's body or the strange circumstances of the death? Ah, never mind. I don't have time for that anyway," he waved his hand and turned his head, indicating that he was not interested in the inspector's revelations.
John was a bit confused, he blinked several times and looked around for his phone without a word. He wasn't used to this kind of Mycroft's behavior, though he had seen him manipulate people many times, showing them the side they wanted to see. Of course, they were not aware of his fake attitude. Nevertheless, everyone came out of such situations satisfied.
—Suddenly Aquamarine reached behind his neck and unclasped his collar, letting it fall into John’s lap. His eyes said this gesture was meaningful, and moreover that John was slow for not understanding him. John really appreciate the last part; it was so hard to chastise someone for how they
was the sort of furniture he was used to, not the grandiose kings’ ware. Though, he did usually prefer a bit more… life around him. Fortunately there were no dead bodies he could see, but the place was as silent as a tomb.
He took his time eating—Magnus didn’t rush him, but seemed fascinated to watch him—and then finally pushed his plate back. “Ready?” Magnus inquired.
was still wrong with Aquamarine, at least if you discounted the whole ‘slave being bought and sold, with no control over his own life’ thing. Surely he didn’t want to know how Aquamarine felt about
like they knew him already. Lestrade in particular could’ve been humoring Magnus to a certain extent, too, since he was professionally valuable.
going to hit you.” His blue eyes gleamed with a frightening sincerity. “I love you, Bay. And I know you don’t understand that,” he added quickly as the slave looked away, stifling a sigh, “but it’s true, and I hope you will remember eventually.”
John tried not to worry. Aquamarine seemed very adept at climbing, and knew to test the branches before putting his weight on them. Being up that high was probably quite novel to him.
Bilbo set the egg down and wiped his hands, then took a few sips of tea. “I don’t like when you do that,” he remarked neutrally.
Lestrade looked over the blood-covered slave and Aquamarine snarled at him ferally. Now was not the time to suggest there might have been anything more going on between himself and the serial killer, he could see that. It would just lead to too many questions.
His master smiled up at him. “Good boy,” he praised. He started with Aquamarine’s hands, pale and slender in his own blunt, tanned ones, turning them back and front, curling and uncurling his fingers. “Those look much better,” he judged. Aquamarine didn’t really remember anything being wrong with his hands, but frankly things had become a bit of a blur at the end.
“Get out of that!” Irene snapped at him, snatching the bra away. “Put those things back!” Aquamarine snarled at her.
“Aquamarine,” John supplied. It wasn’t that odd of a name for a slave, John had just let his previous two keep the names they were used to. There was an answering yip from above them and John looked up to see how high he’d gotten. “He’s climbing the tree,” he added—unnecessary as a statement of fact, but it let his mother know he approved of the activity.
pack. For good measure he snapped at Irene, who was giving the man a flirtatious look as he backed away. Irene gave
a mistake. Get on to Cardiff—find out who Jennifer Wilson’s family and friends were. Find Rachel!” Then he reached the bottom of the stairs and disappeared.
“Well I’m not leaving it on all night,” Ivan pointed out, and Nico tried again. “Isn’t Alessio your father?” he asked with a frown, referring to the deposed king.
“Turn around, please,” his master told him, so he did, shifting his legs around until he was straddling his master again but now facing the rest of the tent. He felt warm fingertips trailing down his spine; the touch stayed with him after the hands had moved on and he twitched slightly, unsure if he should allow himself to arch into the contact or not.
Magnus was literally tossing things over his shoulder as he discarded them. “Oh, hmm, how about this?” he said triumphantly, pulling out something narrow and black. He wobbled into the bed as they hit some turbulence but hardly seemed to notice as he brought the object to Bay.
-treated, he just hadn’t thought it unusual enough to be worthy of comment. And no master complained of a previous master’s treatment of a slave, unless it got in the way of their own desires—usually they took it as a sign of what
He was very conscious of his status as a slave whose master was not nearby. “Oh, yes, I’m to meet him at home,” he lied easily. “Ma’am.” He looked around, trying to get his bearings before he started walking.
Staring accomplished nothing, Ivan had found. Staring was just two people doing nothing, looking for any sign that the other person was going to do
“Um… what’s big, then?” He slid his hand down to the back of the slave’s neck, rubbing him soothingly.
“You’re very sure of yourself,” Nico observed, as if this was a flaw, and he feinted with the knife.
Hands yanked him up when he wouldn’t, or couldn’t, move on his own. He was pushed, so he walked; he reached the end of his tether and started walking around in a circle at its maximum, conscious only of the pain and the dust and the heat.
He was facedown on the floor of the tent, naked, his new master straddling him. Naturally he was trying to fight this, despite the futility of it. He’d been beaten by masters, beaten by their guests, beaten by the slave merchants when the masters finally gave up on him. But still he fought, whenever he could. He couldn’t resign himself to the life he was confined to. That was his flaw. His mind was too active to shut down, like the slaves around him. Even though it might actually be better for him. Perhaps that was what his new master had seen in the marketplace. Perhaps that was what he wanted, a dangerous toy who was smarter than he was, who would always be plotting something.
“With your name and address on it,” Bay elaborated. He felt… better, knowing his master was trying to do things the right way. If there was a right way to own a slave, anyway. “So people know who I belong to.”
“Perhaps we ought to go to the country instead,” Bay suggested flatly, making Magnus glance up at him suddenly.
Magnus was quiet for a moment. “The loo’s over there, if you want to use it,” he mentioned, and Bay pushed himself up to take advantage of the offer. “I’m not interested in micromanaging your biological functions,” Magnus went on as Bay limped down the corridor. “If you need to use the loo, or eat or whatever, just do so.”
They hit a pocket of turbulence and Magnus wobbled in his seat, muttering under his breath. A two-room transport with a bathroom, that
She gave him a look. “Well, you can never tell with him,” she replied with some exasperation. That didn’t exactly comfort him.
“He’s alright,” Master assured her, transferring control of his collar to Molly. “See if you can clean him up a bit. You didn’t need him for questioning, did you?” he checked with Lestrade.
For once in his life Aquamarine could not formulate a coherent thought. His master had killed someone to save him. His master had tracked him and his kidnapper (Aquamarine used the term loosely) through the desert, and had killed him. This was something wholly new in Aquamarine’s experience and he didn’t know how to react to it, staring at his master dumbly and no doubt only further alarming him.
Sherlock probably realized he shouldn't talk about it, so he felt silent for a moment. "Don't worry about him, John."
Sherlock lost his temper and was breathing deeply. "Ah!" he groaned, tightening his abs as John hit his prostate. "Ah!"
"Don't drag it on." He looked at John with gentle but pleading eyes. He was calmer. He reluctantly let his friend go alone, but he felt he should do just that. John's warm smile calmed him down again that day. When the soft click of the door closed in the hall, Sherlock decided to speed up the waiting time for his return. He could deal with any unfinished experience or study an article that interested him. He could also wander around the flat aimlessly and count down the minutes to John's return. However, he knew that the best way to fight against time was to immerse himself in his thoughts. In the palace, where he kept all memories of John. Where emotions directly affected the picture he had at the moment. Yes. It was the best and most pleasant way to survive the upcoming hours. He wanted to have perfect conditions, so he covered all the windows in the living room, closed the door and stopped the waving paw of the cat of luck, which he had bought for John for Christmas a few years earlier. The toy often made strange noises. John explained that it broke and had to be thrown, but Sherlock did not agree. He kept the cat on the shelf on his side and did not allow it to be moved, even during cleaning, when Mrs. Hudson drove them out of the apartment and did not allow them to return until she cleared the dusty and cluttered living room.
The man put his hand up. Until he sighed in excitement. He wiped his mouth and chin. "Honorable sir ... I will go to church, lie down, and I will thank you for your good, and I will pray for you" with an elegant gesture, he bowed to John to the very ground, simultaneously waving his flat cap in front of him. This time he was unable to control his body. He stumbled and fell to his knees, but not a single coin dropped from his clenched fist. He pulled himself together with John's help. He dusted off his trousers, put a worn cap over his head, and thanked John a few more times, finally melted into the darkness of the passage that separated the tall buildings.
A gold ring appeared to the doctor's eyes. It was exactly like the ring on Mycroft's finger. It was only now that he understood what he was really getting into. He was supposed to pretend to be Mycroft's husband. The husband of the most powerful and mysterious guy he knew. His heart beat faster. He looked at the older man who was staring at him with the box in his hand.
"Please stop the horses," he asked the coachman, who immediately tugged on the reins. The hansom cab stopped after few feet.
"Should I park around the corner, sir?" The broad-shouldered man in the suit was staring straight ahead, but perfect hearing allowed him to hear the answer from the back of the car, without having to look back.
"You should answer, John. He may be offended otherwise," Mycroft said cheerfully, which caught the other man's attention. John looked at him and leaned his back against the balustrade.
"Reservation is ongoing. This apartment belongs to us since midnight" he did not even try to hide the annoyance in his voice. This answer must have forced another man to react quickly. He counted on it because he was already getting impatient with the protracted conversation. The other man blinked several times and with the same friendly expression checked his words on the computer. After a few clicks, he looked at him again and smiled.
"Really?" Sherlock asked, trying to make his surprise as audible as possible. "I think otherwise. You are not such a good actor, Mycroft. Do you expect me to believe that before this show in Venice, you did not intend to use him in your plan? That you used his name for these few years, because you didn't have other people to choose? " he asked a little louder than was needed.
The pillow landed on a pile of others. He came closer to Holmes, who was pointing at the couch. He approached him, taking off his coat and jacket, and almost jumped when the detective put his hand on his back. He lay down, instantly missing his touch, then realized Holmes knew the mysterious man. But he didn't wish to know details now. He doubted he would hear them anyway. He also did not have the strength to absorb any further information. He realized if Holmes had reacted this way, even if he did not trust the stranger, he must have at least known his intentions. Besides, he felt worse and worse by any second. It was hard for him to focus on the words coming from the detective's mouth. He was unwilling to concentrate as Holmes spread a blanket over him, and the cool air pleasantly wrapped his body. He followed Holmes with his eyes.
They sat in silence for a moment. John felt Stoner's eyes on him, but he didn't look at him. He really wanted to go back to the hotel and talk to someone friendly. But now he had to survive the tense atmosphere that was between him and Aaron. Despite the cheerful conversations and laughter around, John heard his heart beating and felt the burning eyes of the other man who was sitting opposite, leaning his hands on the table. His eyes stared at John as if he wanted to reach deep into his soul.
"You were in a hurry ... Icy water is not good for skin in the morning, John," she said, amused, and gently scraped off the dried shaving foam from his neck.
Mycroft was happy. After all, his brother met his soul mate, and in his case, it always seemed impossible. His joy would be even greater if it wasn't for other feelings. Feelings of discomfort and something similar to jealousy. He felt discomfort every time John was in the same room. He had to watch his words and behave naturally, which was more of a challenge to him than he had expected. Jealousy revealed strangely. At first, he disregarded it. He rejected the thought that he might envy his brother something. What's more - someone. But the feeling did not disappear. It increased every time he saw the smiles they gave each other. When he received reports of their investigations. When he witnessed their intimacy and true friendship. When John strongly supported Sherlock for the first time, when he stood up for him and was ready to give his life for him, Mycroft knew that it was not just a feeling of jealousy. He wanted to be in the place of his brother. He wanted to feel this sweet presence behind his back and be sure that whatever happened, he could always count on someone's support, and be sure he wasn't alone. He was glad Sherlock found a person like John, but ... That's right. But. For the first time in many years, Mycroft doubted his pure and undisturbed love for his brother. He was ashamed of the feelings he had when John and Sherlock were around. He finally convinced himself that it was just a misunderstanding. That a lot of work, the intensity of stressful decisions he had to made and upcoming congresses stressed him so much that it affected his ability to keep his head cool and sober thinking. He forgot about this whole situation and supported his brother, spied on him, John and his other few friends.
On the fourth day, John was acting like two days ago. Only this time it was worse. He was silent from the very morning. He was playing with the wedding ring, which, to Sherlock's great anger and irritation, he still had on his finger. He thought deeply and walked around the living room. Even Mrs. Hudson didn't bother them, she just bustled in her kitchen. John pretended that nothing was happening, although he probably did not believe that his words and assurances could convince anyone. He walked silently from the kitchen to the living room, not touching the breakfast or newspaper he read every morning. He's deciding, Sherlock thought. He watched his friend closely but didn't say a word. This depressing mood lasted until late morning. Genius sat in an armchair with his fingers joined under his chin and pretended to be thinking about something. He opened his eyes slightly and watched him when John wasn't looking. At one point, the doctor finally slowly approached him. He clenched his fists nervously. He sat down in the red chair, cleared his throat, wanting to attract his attention. He did not realize that from the beginning of the day his every move was closely watched and interpreted by his friend.
"It's something else. He is not shy and if he wants, he can make friends easily. Mycroft not only gets tired of the company of others, but he also despises them and considers himself someone who should not waste his time and attention on them. He is his own master and he is happy with that".
"Don't you have your agents?" the archer asked, making Sherlock focus on the conversation. "How did you come up with the idea that a bunch of strangers could handle this task better?"
"In the afternoon it is going to rain a bit, but the rest of the day should be sunny. We should enjoy the sun. The weather in London is not so pleasant." And nothing. Another silence. Sherlock even refused to look at him. "Sherlock ..." he could not finish, because the bathroom door opened, completely attracting Sherlock's attention. Molly was standing behind the door. She looked at them, hiding behind the door frame.
"Should I understand that you would like to forget about that night?" he asked, looking down at Mycroft's slightly open mouth. "Or repeat it?"
John felt a large drop of sweat on his back. The drop started to flow from the back of the neck, passed through the middle of the back and was absorbed in the place where his shirt merged with trousers. His whole body was unpleasantly wet, but it was this drop that completed his frustration. He felt hot, his legs slowly ached from new and not very comfortable shoes. He would give anything to sit somewhere in a cool place or take another bath. However, he was at the mercy of Aaron at the moment who was dragging him through the streets of Venice.
Sherlock shifted anxiously when he saw Stoner's confident and mocking smile. Aaron looked like he was going to embrace John, but he was just teasing him. John hoped Sherlock would deal with him quickly like he had done with others before. Usually, he gave one of his monologues, insulted his interlocutor and showed no remorse. This time, however, John apparently was wrong because his friend did not try to speak his deductions aloud. It was worse because Sherlock looked like someone who was defending himself against verbal attacks.
"Damn me, if I know what's going on here ... That's all? And yet you insist on sending us there?" the archer was nervous.
When Sherlock turned his head, he saw that John was following the instructions. At the same time, he tried very hard to ignore Moran's intense stare. Sherlock wanted to grab his hand. Put his fingers on John's skin. He wanted to support his friend, help him endure this difficult moment. And by the way, he could signal to Moran that John already had a partner. A partner who was ready to do anything to defend him. He didn't like the way he looked at him. His intentions were obvious. If he could, he would dispel his doubts and let him know immediately that he was ready to fight for John's feelings. That he had the right to care for him and, although they were not yet connected by anything more serious than sincere friendship, he would not let anyone approach him again. John belonged to him ... Actually, he belonged to John. It has always been this way. Sherlock's jealousy and possessiveness increased with every minute. He was so lost in the internal struggle with his own thoughts and desires that a sudden movement in the room saved him from making the last move. He realized that his hand was already in the air when the meeting leader approached the wall and pressed a small button. To Sherlock's relief, it turned out that the meeting was over, and although he did not learn any details from it, he was pleased with how much he had deduced. He saw two bodyguards enter the room and forced Moran to stand up. Sebastian stood motionless for a moment, staring at John. It would be enough for him to take two steps. He could touch him. He looked like he wanted to say something. He hesitated, but under the pressure of the bodyguards' hands, he left the room without a word. Sherlock looked at his friend. John didn't look ready to talk, but the genius didn't care. He didn't want to force him to confess. Also, knowing that he had a few weeks to learn more about their relationship was enough for him.
John got chills. It was absurd after all. His friend and deeper feelings? No, no, no. Or maybe it was something completely different? How else could he explain this sudden change? Why would Sherlock change his attitude towards feelings and relationships? What could make him reject his rational thinking and let his feelings take control over him? Of course, he did not doubt that Sherlock had strong feelings for him, but the idea he could try something more was absurd. Sherlock did not want to mix feelings and logical thinking and let them take control over him. So why did he try to kiss him? What did he mean by that? Was it some kind of experiment? If that was the case, John knew, only Sherlock could come up with this kind of idea.
Genius was watching him for some time. John saw gratitude in his eyes and some sort of approval. Francesca was delighted. Her glittering eyes were full of admiration.
"Nothing. I'm just curious." Sherlock shrugged. He wanted to show his indifference. But he still refused to look at his friend. "People do it often. They start a casual conversation to break the silence" he added.
Sherlock gave her a meaningful look, while John's face still showed complete confusion. He absolutely did not understand the friend's satisfaction or the slight sadness and amazement in Molly's eyes, who was looking at the cookie lying in front of her. The three silently enjoyed the small and definitely too expensive portion of the drink. Two teas and one coffee disappeared from the cups very quickly.
"I agree," he repeated. The sound of disbelief rang in the kitchen. Its author was a younger genius.
Another silence made John almost doubt that he was actually talking to Mycroft. Yes, he was a bit drunk, but probably not enough not to separate reality and imagination ...
"John! A-aah! John!" Sherlock looked like he was going to cum. He writhed among the sheets, his calves tightened around John's thighs, his sweat soaking his pillow. "John!" he exclaimed, contracting his muscles and freezing for a moment. A second later, hot cum shot out of his penis. He tightened around his friend and squirted on his stomach for a long moment.
"All right, Mrs. Hudson. I won't forget", standing in the hall near the front door, John cast a glance toward the stairs.
"You helped me today and you did a great job with Stoner. To be honest, I didn't expect you to do so well. I will admit it with reluctance but I will probably have to trust you more and give you a little more freedom."
John checked the time. It was almost 3 AM. He put down his still vibrating phone, threw away the bedding and quietly got out of bed. He gently pushed the door. He saw Mycroft, who - despite the late hour - was still working on the laptop. The cold light on his face made him look paler and skinnier than usual. There was a bedding set up on the couch and an unbuttoned suitcase next to it.
Mycroft cleared his throat softly. He blinked. He looked away and looked at John again. "Nothing connects people more than love and caring for the same person," he said, straightening his back.
Mycroft shuddered when he heard that moan. He clung even closer to John's body, almost choking him, and started to hit his prostate with a steady, calm rhythm.
"Well. It's good that I bought alcohol along the way. Somehow I felt that it might be useful to us today." He gave his friend a glass of red wine and sat down in his armchair.
At that moment, John groaned because he suddenly lost contact with Sherlock's mouth. He opened his eyes and looked at his friend, who did not move an inch away from him. Sherlock glared at his brother, and he broke the kiss only to get his attention.
"This is not an escape of the impasse. I missed my chance. John is too stubborn and decent to agree to such an offer," Sherlock's tone was calm, a little tired and resigned.
Hopton Street was almost impassable because of road works. The possibility of getting somewhere across this street was minimal, so drivers avoided this place. Impatient drivers chose different roads. Others stubbornly drove on or turned back when they lost their patience. The situation was exacerbated by the fact that police cars drove around the area and yellow tapes hung stretched near the bridge at the banks of the Thames. The crime scene was surrounded by onlookers and Scotland Yard officers. Mycroft's car somehow pushed through the crowd and parked around the corner near a large residential complex. Holmes could see the commotion in the area. He also saw the efforts of the police and the crime scene fenced off with yellow tape. He only got out of the car when he saw John walking toward him. John was smiling and relaxed. He seemed pleased with the current situation and the presence of the corpse. Mycroft's assistant did not react, nor did the driver. They were both staring at the phones and discreetly ignoring the two men.
Fifteen bangs. Fifteen shots. Fifteen holes in a human-like shield. Not all of them hit the target, but it didn't matter at the moment. The most important thing was adrenaline and a feeling of power. Awareness that he was doing what he loved the most. He was told many times that he was born to do this job, that the role of a soldier was perfect for him. Now that he threw the empty magazine on the floor and grabbed the next one, John was in his world. In a world where he had control over his body and surroundings. When he raised his joined hands forward, he held the Glock, when he aimed at the shield and pressed the trigger, he was the master of the moment. It wasn't important what was happening around him, nor the curious glances he had felt on his back for three weeks. What counted was only the target and his finger at the trigger.
"Just don't tell me you suddenly feel in the mood for sentiments," John with a slight irony raised an eyebrow and gave him a smirk.
Elder Holmes drank some wine. "My assistant sent him a virus by message. He wasn't a dangerous opponent."
It was a hot morning, but the lobby - a place of meetings and casual conversations - was pleasant. The cold floor was comforting to John's tired and slightly injured feet. He hid in a corner, merged into a soft chair and discreetly took off his shoes, hiding his legs under a heavy table. Francesca was sitting right next to him. She saw his condition, so she did not force him to talk, only kept him company. He was extremely grateful for that, he wasn't strong enough to talk, although her presence usually made him feel better. He avoided talking with other people and forced himself to smile only when he had no other choice or did not want to disappoint someone. He was glad Francesca took over his role, although he didn't feel well about it too.
It was getting warmer and stuffy under the pillow. John tossed it aside and felt a pleasant chill on his face. At the same time, someone left the bathroom.
Strange. He could have sworn he locked the door when he went to Sherlock's apartment in the morning. He pushed the door open and looked suspiciously around the living room, but no one was there. When he slammed the door, Mycroft came out of the bedroom, carrying some documents. He nodded when he saw John.
John looked up. He had long thought that Mycroft had complexes. That despite the knowledge and ability he still compared himself with his younger brother and that the result of these comparisons rarely indicated him as the winner. He also knew what he was doing at the moment and what his purpose was. "No," he said briefly and quickly, but truthfully. "I have never treated you as his substitute. I never thought I'd prefer him in your place. It is true that thanks to you I opened myself to the feelings that I fought for so many years. I am and I will always be grateful for that." He wanted to be sure that the words would reach Mycroft's wise but sometimes too proud head. He stared at him sharply. He also changed the way of speaking to less helpless and less embarrassed. "Sherlock ..." he said and sighed immediately. "He has always been important to me, but I was afraid to admit it loudly. I didn't think that someone like him could return my feelings so when you offered me this arrangement I thought I had the only opportunity to be with one of you two and at least pretend that we have something more in common. I wanted to be with Sherlock, but in Venice, it never crossed my mind that I regret every day when I saw your face instead of his eyes. " He got up from the desk, and when he stood upright in front of a genius, he looked at his bright eyes. "I didn't come here to make sure of my feelings but I wanted to thank you honestly. From the very beginning of our feigned marriage, I came to the conclusion that I really like your company. I was really happy with you. Thanks to you I understood that I could be honest with Sherlock and myself. " He wanted to cross his arms over his chest but decided that Mycroft might misinterpret this gesture. "You helped me. I will never forget it." He said finally.
“Asphyxiation, probably,” Bay decided clinically. “Passed out, choked on her own vomit. Can’t smell any alcohol on her. It could have been a seizure, possibly drugs.”
“Yes, Molly is an excellent domestic assistant,” the salesman was telling John. “She served her last master for a very long time—Lady Englethorpe?”
Aquamarine dropped to his knees and crawled closer, watching for any sudden moves or traps. His master gazed at him curiously; his eyes were deep blue and patient. Aquamarine grabbed the cup and pulled it back to a safer distance, sniffing the tea before he drank it. There was no sense that he could see in drugging or poisoning him now, but masters often did things that made little sense to him. He drained the cup and set it down, then stared at his master, who raised an eyebrow expectantly. Aquamarine knew what he was supposed to do and his master wasn’t going to repeat it. Unless of course Aquamarine really
Bay ran through his options quickly. Late at night, not the best part of town, no free person would go out of his way to help a slave under threat. On the other hand, as someone’s properly-marked property, he did have certain ‘rights’—he was like a car that could call for help if it was being stolen. Someone might call the police after the fact, or at least notice what was going on—big, unmarked black car had to be suspicious, right? Wouldn’t do much good for Bay once he was
It was not forthcoming. “What’s wrong, Mrs. Hudson?” asked Molly from behind the screen. She peeked around, arm and shoulder bare in the glance he risked upward, and ducked back quickly when she saw him.
“Pffft,” interrupted the dragon, which was a rather more intimidating sound coming from a dragon. “Clean later while I take my nap. Are you ready for breakfast?”
of you, not just your feet and face.” The look Nico gave him was anxious, but honest. A girl would be screaming her head off by now—a well-born girl, anyway—because his intentions were clearly not good; so he supposed he should be glad that Nico didn’t fully believe the innuendos, or maybe didn’t completely understand them. Ivan did not hope he could be anticipating the night with pleasure.
“You remember the marks that were on your back, don’t you?” his master asked. “You’d been flogged, I guess. A long time ago. D—n shame, spoiling a beautiful creature that way.” Well, he didn’t know what the beautiful creature had done to
He tried not to show too much affection in public, though. It would only upset and embarrass the boy, and any onlookers. His own men wouldn’t care about Nico’s gender at least, but they were not the sort to engage in soft gazes and gentle caresses, at least in front of others. As the days passed and life tried to return to normal Ivan saw daughters and widows emerging from the woodwork, taking curious sniffs of the fresh air brought in by new blood, and calculating their odds of both success and happiness. He predicted many of his men would be smitten before long—the women here did have a certain exotic, beguiling charm that the straightforward women of Vladim lacked.
“Not sure that’s a proper collar,” Sally interrupted, peering at it closely. Her gaze had glanced over his face so quickly, Bay doubted she’d even recognize him later.
“We don’t go on long marches much,” Nico pointed out. They had been a prosperous and largely peaceful kingdom, for several generations at least. Unfortunate for them that something Ivan wanted had been born in their midst. And that he was not the type to just ask for things politely.
“I like his voice,” Irene declared. “It’s deeper than you’d expect, don’t you think?” Molly nodded, blushing a little.
“Sorry, Master,” she cooed, not very contritely. “Molly said he was awake and I wanted to see him. Am I interrupting you?” Her meaning was clearly salacious.
Magnus popped back out. “He’s my new slave,” he informed Anderson coolly. “Touch him and you’ll regret it. Come on,” he added to Bay, who tried his best to get away from the angry pair.
He still jumped when the phone began to ring. The Caller ID showed only an anonymous caller, and he looked over at Magnus questioningly, desperately hoping his master would not make him answer.
Magnus’s look, of exasperation and disgust, silenced him. “I am not mad,” he declared coolly. “I do not think I can heal you because of the phase of the moon or mystic crystal vibrations. And I think
” Then he clapped his hands in glee, obviously seeing something in his mind far different from everyone else.
Molly seemed pained by this suggestion, stroking his tense back soothingly. “You didn’t bite anyone, did you, Aquamarine?”
Magnus waved his hand dismissively. “No, I know who gave you a lift,” he claimed. “Did he offer you money to spy on me?”
Ungraciously, Aquamarine crawled across the tent—in no hurry—and tugged Master’s boots off. He wondered if he’d be assigned to polish them, as the others were polished. Rich Westerners liked to have shiny boots, pointless as that was in this environment. Was Master too pragmatic to insist on that, or would he tip over onto the side of military cleanliness? More data needed.
“I’m sure,” Master replied dryly. “Come on, everyone into the car,” he ordered. “Irene can drive. Molly, hang on to his collar, I don’t want him to get scared and jump out,” he added, pointing them towards the backseat.
Bay did so, then watched his master open the slightly dingy pink suitcase and shuffle through its contents—clothes, a novel. Everything inside it was pink.
Magnus closed his eyes without responding and Bay limped closer. Then as Magnus unfurled his arm Bay saw he had not one but three nicotine patches stuck to it, which was what he was pressing on. Bay did not smell any smoke in the flat, so he surmised his new master was a non-smoker, at least now. Good news for his lungs. When Magnus didn’t do anything else Bay hobbled over to a chair and sat, starting to stretch out his leg.
He was spitting the words out rapid-fire now, mesmerizing like a magician setting up a trick. “Clearly not
The woman scooted over to let him sit and as soon as the door was closed they were whisked away. The interior was spacious, luxurious; the woman well-dressed, nice nails, tapping on a smartphone authoritatively. “What’s your name?” Bay asked her. There were certain liberties that were supposed to be permitted slaves, when their owners weren’t around.
His master sat on the floor, leaning against a chair back and manipulating… something… on his lap. Part was buttons he pushed and part was something he stared at that glowed. When he looked up and saw—Aquamarine, he was Aquamarine now—he folded it up and tucked it safely away in a box. “Aquamarine. Come in. Feeling better?” He wore no headdress now; his hair was blond. His boots and trousers were Western style, military influence. His furnishings were like Molly’s but more numerous, better. Weapons, ceremonial. Books. Aquamarine’s eyes lingered on them. “Look around. Do you want—“ He started to rise and Aquamarine froze warily, so his master froze as well, then sat back down. “Alright, I’ll stay here, and you come in.”
“What’s this all about, then?” he asked suddenly, startling himself slightly. He looked at Anthea. “Where are we going? Who’s your master?”
“Bay,” Magnus whispered, stroking his cheek gently, and Bay opened his eyes with a sharp intake of breath. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you,” his master continued, as Bay’s eyes danced all around the cabin of the transport, orienting himself. “We’re just a few minutes outside of London.”
Master did not pay much attention to that. They entered Master’s room, the bells at the entrance clanging as Aquamarine stumbled into them, and Master pulled Aquamarine’s collar until he was kneeling. Master could just
Footsteps echoed in the hall, then Molly and Irene burst in. “We thought we heard Aquamarine,” Molly explained in confusion, looking around.
“Why d’you keep saying suitcase?” Lestrade cut in. He had clearly seen this performance before, too often to be wowed by every trick.
mean to be kind. No, squash that thought right away. Perhaps he was just someone who took care of his possessions, the things he had bought and paid for. Though evidence of his general carelessness suggested the opposite. Kindness was too much to hope for, though. Kindness was another planet.
Magnus lifted the caution tape on his own and ducked beneath it. “Always, Sally.” He took a deep breath near her. “I even know you didn’t make it home last night.”
Ivan had been trying to find things to do that would naturally turn his back on the boy, to give him some privacy, but now he faced him and rolled his eyes. “Yes,
They pulled up to the tent, the guards at the entrance jumping stiffly to attention. Aquamarine bounded out of the Jeep, eager to move freely once again—the Jeep was
They continued talking as Aquamarine picked up the knife and fork in front of him. Knives he was not allowed to touch normally and he gripped it in an unfamiliar way that made Mrs. Watson lose the thread of conversation as her eyes darted over to him. He watched Master closely then smoothly rearranged the implements to match his hold, finally cutting into the soft bread.
“We’ll try to act normal,” John assured her dryly. “Come on,” he repeated to Aquamarine. “Walk on your feet. I know you can.” Aquamarine gave him a scornful look that said
Magnus tipped Bay’s chin up so the slave met his gaze. Surprisingly his eyes were clear and steady. “I will get you a drink, on the transport,” he repeated firmly. “I will make you very comfortable there. Can you trust me?”
“It’s alright, you’ll be alright soon,” his master assured him. “Molly is very good at this.” His skin stung again but he resisted the instinct to jerk away or kick; his mater noticed. “Good boy, that’s good, you know we’re trying to help.” His master swung off him, the loss of warmth and pressure disorienting, and he settled himself on the floor on his stomach, facing the slave. He continued massaging his head and neck. “What’s your name, then? Come on, you must have a name.”
“Depends on what you want,” Nico decided sensibly. “Do you want to sit on our throne and rule? Do you want to carry off some plunder and then go away? No one can figure it out.”
His eyes popped open, brain instantly processing everything around him without moving further, like a switch had been flipped.
Irene seemed pleased by what she saw. “Irene,” Master remarked, his own expression carefully neutral. He was sticking with the story about checking for injuries, trying to maintain his clinical detachment as Aquamarine returned to his previous position. Well, more or less; Aquamarine didn’t have much experience with doctors, but he
“That’s a neat trick, to fall asleep sitting up,” Magnus commented leadingly. “Your eyes were still open, blinking and everything.” He waited.
Bay glanced around. “Who’s your master?” he asked. If she’d been sent by Magnus he needed to train her better.
“Well, yes.” As if any other kind of skull would just be silly. “He was a friend of mine. Well, not really,” Magnus added after a moment’s reflection. “So, come on.”
John did not want to hear Sherlock’s answer. “They’re not a package deal, though, are they?” he checked. “We’re really only looking for one domestic.”
“Do you play music?” Ivan asked suddenly, startling the boy. He had long, slender fingers, just right for plucking strings.
Irene started to wander away from the Jeep and Aquamarine snarled his disapproval, reaching out to grab her arm. “He wants you to stay here,” Molly interpreted, which was pretty obvious.
Bay stared after her, still flummoxed. Then he noticed Lestrade watching him, concern on his face, and Bay quickly turned away and began limping purposefully down the road. He didn’t need a detective inspector taking an interest in him, or realizing he’d been abandoned (temporarily?) by his master.
But the idea of a criminal Hobbit delighted the dragon. “So small and adorable, who would believe you’d just stolen their money?” Magnus chortled.
Master leaned his hand lightly against Aquamarine’s chest, more as a reminder than a real restraint. “He’s useful enough,” he told the other man with deceptive mildness. Aquamarine was not insulted by the seemingly faint praise; he understood that Master just wanted to stop talking to this man and leave. Pride kept him from trying to look less interesting, though, and he could tell the man’s quick eyes were making a thorough assessment of him, even as Aquamarine did the same to
was, so he just nodded and turned to look out the window, trying to figure where they were going. He felt the tug to vanish mentally but resisted it; he needed to stay alert in this situation.
“You’re new,” Donovan went on speculatively, and it would be rather unwise for a slave to ignore her and keep walking, especially when he didn’t know whose side his master would take. So Bay turned back to her.
she was writing Rachel—no other word can it be. Question is, why did she wait until she was dying to write it?”
John noticed his unnatural silence and sought to cheer him up, however undeserved. “Think of all the reading you’re getting done,” he suggested. “And the experiments!”
The woman relaxed slightly as she remembered who he was. “Oh, right, you’re the doctor, aren’t you?” she remarked. Her eyes drifted over to Aquamarine and John took a quick look to make sure he wasn’t doing anything strange. She could see his collar plainly enough, and slaves weren’t normally introduced unless some sort of interaction was necessary.
It had to be an onerous task the lad had been set to—bloody, dirty, and Ivan imagined he didn’t smell too great either—but Nico concentrated on it single-mindedly. It would be the best-tended wound in the kingdom, Ivan was sure of it.
, not after all this handling. “Oh good. Here.” Something was pressed into his hands, a cane, and he put his weight on it tentatively, feeling a minor relief of his pain that made him want to weep with joy. “Free his hands. Yes, rather hard to use a cane properly when your hands are bound.” His voice could be pure acid when he wanted it to be. “
“Hey, hey, it’s alright,” his new master said, stroking his hair. “I know it hurts. I know. But Molly’s trying to help you. Sometimes that hurts first. Do you understand? Hmm? Come on, answer me.” He pulled his hands back and the slave nodded slightly, only once, and the hands returned, kneading the back of his neck and his scalp. “Good boy. That’s right.” He sounded delighted with the acknowledgement.
Magnus was obviously frustrated with the speed lesser mortals took to catch up with him. “No, she was leaving an angry note in German,” he snapped, deeply sarcastic. “Of
He stopped walking, not because he inherently recognized his new name, but because he was walking, and someone had said stop. If they hadn’t meant him, he’d be prodded forward again in a moment.
it! Aquamarine opened his mouth to prove this, then cleared his throat and coughed a little. He wasn’t used to speaking, most people didn’t want that from a wildling.
Aquamarine was not opposed to this positive assessment. “Molly. Butter,” he requested, indicating the bowl in the middle of the table. John rolled his eyes, fearing Molly might swoon, and passed him the butter himself. Aquamarine gave him a little smirk that said he didn’t think John was totally immune to him either.
His master gave him a serious look. “I don’t want you to go outside during the day unless you’re fully covered, and wearing sunscreen.” Aquamarine gave him a curious look at this unfamiliar word. “Ask Molly about it before you go out. I don’t want you to burn.” He nodded obediently, mystified. Burning in the sun was difficult to avoid in this climate, especially for those with pale skin.
condition? Ridiculous. I don’t care about his history. That’s none of your concern, is it? Get him up.”
, but not brand-new slaves, with elaborate setups involving payphones and unmarked black cars. Ludicrous. Was it because Magnus solved crimes? Perhaps he’d made enemies, the way a policeman might. This unnamed man could be some kind of organized crime boss. It didn’t seem to fit, though, not quite.
Ah, here we go, the paranoia, the accusations. “No,” Bay assured him calmly. “I’m in pain, I’d love to not be.”
He was just about to risk poking around in the small kitchen—his master clearly didn’t want to be disturbed—when Magnus spoke again. “The murderer took her suitcase. First big mistake.”
A few moments later he heard footsteps on the other side and straightened up, making sure his collar and tag were displayed. The door opened to reveal a sixtyish woman in a pink dress, wearing an apron with flour smudges on it. She seemed maternal but also lively, like someone’s cool grandma. “Hello, I’m—”
“The other one, obviously,” Sherlock told him patronizingly, indicating the woman sitting on the floor. He went back to the one who was standing. “This one is no domestic,” he added.
,” Magnus claimed, pushing past Donovan towards the door. “I’m sure Sally came round for a nice little chat, and just happened to stay over.” He turned back and raised his voice, attracting the attention of the other police officers roaming around. “And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees!”
“I know,” Bay agreed, which earned him a frown from Magnus for his confident tone. “You were in Spain, buying me.”
Magnus looked at him critically for a moment, then shrugged. “Well, it will take a while to soak in,” he judged. “Until then I think we should just try to solve the case. Maybe later I can do some ‘party tricks’ to show you my powers, but it’s possible that could cause a complete mental breakdown.”
the battle, he would have gotten a good look at it, and if he’d never seen brutality on that scale before, it could be rather disturbing.
,” he added firmly, and the slave finally dropped from the tree to kneel at his feet. John ran his fingers through his hair. “What’s the matter? It was alright for you to climb the tree, I would’ve called you down earlier if it wasn’t. Come on, then.” He nudged Aquamarine slightly with his knee.
Magnus paused. What would he do, when faced with this defiance? What factors were important to him? Witnesses? The openness of the market? Lack of instruments to mete out discipline with? Bay would soon discover this information, and then he would know for the future.
Memories: Master, killing, pleasure, Mycroft Holmes, home. Were they to start on their journey home now? Was a thunderstorm approaching? Why was the tent so silent? Where was Master?
She put her hands on her hips and surveyed the purchases thoughtfully. “Well, there were a few more stores I wanted to get to, but someone was getting
“I’ll certainly try,” Bay promised vaguely. He felt like he was supposed to be doing a scene in a play, only someone had given him the wrong script. Or no script at all.
“What am I supposed to remember?” Bay demanded, too frustrated to be cautious. “You talk like we know each other, but I know we’ve never met. If it was just you I’d think you were mad”—Magnus smirked a little, faintly—“but at least three other people have acted the same way and I just don’t…” He trailed off hopelessly. “Did you—did you own me before, and I was injured and lost those memories?” he guessed desperately. He could see this was incorrect. “Or we met—at uni or—” It didn’t make
any friends in childhood. After this brief assessment, he tossed the search out, and sipped his tea.
“That depends on their behavior,” Ivan shrugged. “If they’re quiet and obedient I think they could live a long time, quiet comfortably.”
Irene gave her a look that suggested she was embarrassingly naïve and nodded towards the bodies on the ground. “They didn’t die from heart attacks,” she commented dryly.
done. He knelt up again, as if he was done moving, and waited to see his master’s reaction—he suspected very strongly that he was not yet close enough.
With a sigh he disappeared down the narrow hallway. They hit an air pocket and jolted a bit, and Bay heard a rather loud thump from the other cabin. He debated whether he should ask if his master was okay, and ended up staying silent long enough that Magnus returned. “Alright?” he checked mildly.
Magnus shouted for him three more times as he made his way up, the last as Bay was opening the door to the flat. “BAY—oh, there you are,” Magnus added in a normal voice. He was stretched out on the sofa with his shirt sleeves rolled up, pressing on one arm as he clenched and unclenched his fist and breathed noisily. There was definitely the air of a junkie enjoying his fix about him, and Bay raised an eyebrow. Drugs could perhaps explain Magnus, but not everyone else. “What took you so long?”
“I’m not sleeping in your bed at all!” Nico shot back, as if he was really in control of his own destiny.
“Here’s some tea,” Magnus was saying, pressing a cup on him. “Have some biscuits.” Bay had only a fractional reaction to the biscuits being served in a plastic baggie. “Mrs. Hudson made them,” Magnus explained. “She’s a very good cook. Well, so I’m told. I don’t like eating. You really don’t remember me at all, do you?” he ended suddenly.
The dragon’s eyes burned bright with curiosity. “Well, I don’t think I’d fit in very well,” Bilbo replied, turning his attention to a velvet dressing gown. He suspected it might have been meant for a female Dwarf, despite the patches of leather armor. “The Shire is all about fitting in.”
Slowly, Aquamarine crawled out from under the table. Master glanced at him but didn’t make a fuss—Aquamarine hated a fuss, well, sometimes anyway. It was much brighter out here, the overhead light practically blinding Aquamarine as he tried to determine if it was caused by candles, or perhaps oil—
“My collar,” Bay repeated, touching his neck to make sure it wasn’t there. “I think you took it at the market.”
John sighed. “That’s Aquamarine,” he told his mother, who was looking very uncertain about the whole thing.
“Do you want to know the truth?” Magnus offered. Bay could see he wanted to tell him. “You won’t believe it.”
His master slid one arm around his waist and two fingers under his collar, restraining but not choking, not if he stayed in place on his lap. “No, no,” he ordered evenly. “Stop. Calm down. Irene, sit down.” The woman sat gracefully, intrigued and not exactly intimidated. “Irene belongs to me,” his master told Aquamarine. So she was part of the pack, then. He relaxed slightly, though he still felt there was something untrustworthy about her—reckless, perhaps, the way she looked at him like he was a marvelous new toy, letting one pale leg protrude from her gown to draw his eye then gloating about it.
“Easy there,” Ivan told him soothingly, taking the wrist that held the knife. “If you’re going to stab me, do it on purpose, not on accident.” As he scooted closer he let Nico’s wrist go, his arm sliding over Ivan’s shoulder. The boy could easily puncture Ivan’s neck or back, but he had a feeling he wouldn’t. His eyes blazed almost feverishly bright in the faint light, a forbidden curiosity and fear deep within them.
Master had other ideas, though. He cupped Aquamarine’s cheek with one hand, then mimicked the action on the other side, and then suddenly his hands were a vise keeping Aquamarine in place rather than caressing him. “I know you went with that man on your own,” Master said in a low voice, meeting Aquamarine’s gaze. “You weren’t kidnapped. You suspected he was the killer and you went with him to find out how he did it. Because you think you’re so very clever, much cleverer than anyone else.”
Finally the idea of leaving the shower occurred to him and he shut off the water. There were no towels within view; he cracked the door open, as quietly as possible, and looked around. Two shelves unfolded from the wall near the door, one bearing a towel and the other some clothes. This thing did not miss a trick. Bay dried and dressed efficiently—the clothes were light and loose, and he predicted he would be cold soon.
“Well, there’s some debate about it,” he admitted, as if he couldn’t help it. “You usually disagree with me, in fact. It’s hard to get a definitive answer.”
“Of course,” he answered. He gave it a veneer of sincerity, because standing there in the middle of the market was getting him nowhere.
Master leaned back and watched them, his gaze studious. “It’s likely I’ll want you to try having sex with Irene,” he stated blandly, and Aquamarine coughed slightly on a grape he’d been given. Irene pretended this reaction was flattering. “Also Molly. And me, of course.” In case that wasn’t obvious. “Later, after you’ve healed, and gotten to know us a bit better.”
“Well, sort of,” Magnus clarified. He was reading through something on his phone. “It changes each time, the specific person, some of the details. Get boring otherwise. I know it’s someone easily overlooked, who has free access to most places, someone people will get into a car with, no questions asked. I’ve already ruled out cab drivers and car valets, also EMTs and the police, and nuns. Been there, done that.”
The man’s eyes flickered disdainfully to the makeshift collar. “Well, at least he told you where it was,” he noted, though this was faint praise. He smirked a little more. “You don’t seem very frightened,” he observed curiously.
John tried to take this as a compliment, that Sherlock was content with only his companionship. “Some people, yeah,” he told him. “And considering she takes care of the entire house and grounds all on her own—”
Aquamarine looked up from his kill, meeting his master’s gaze with blood dripping down his chin. At that moment, he probably
“Irene,” Master prompted. He gave Aquamarine a level gaze. He was no fool, to give an obvious weapon to a crazed wildling. It was a test, a challenge perhaps, even a measure of trust. Aquamarine lifted his chin a notch in response. He was no ordinary wildling. He would not stab them with a fork in the night. Unless perhaps he felt they deserved it, but so far Master was making a good impression.
“Well, you can bring me some,” he allowed. “Molly, see if you can catch him and put some on him, the sun is getting fierce out here.” Nothing compared to the desert they’d just been in, but one didn’t want to get complacent.
“That’s how you want to play, is it?” Ivan murmured in his ear. “Little boys shouldn’t play with knives unless they know how to use them.” Nico was speechless with rage, his face flushed, squirming in Ivan’s grip in a way that was a little too enjoyable. “Calm down,” Ivan ordered him, then nuzzled his dark curls. “Calm down and I’ll let you go.” He dropped a kiss on the boy’s neck. “Stop struggling and I’ll let you go.”
"Some people think that putting something on another being is the ultimate proof that it is their property. It's selfish and means disrespect in my opinion."
St. Mark's Square. John realized he was really close to Danieli Hotel. He had no idea they had been in this part of Venice all this time. He was happy because he knew the area and he felt much more confident now. Aaron led him to a free table in the shadow of a large building. John sank into a chair and straightened his aching legs in relief.
Aaron looked at John, checking his reaction. He still had Molly's hand on his lips, but his eyes drilled a hole in John's gaze.
"Mycroft ..." John gave him a pitying look. "... eat something more. You can't be satisfied with this small amount of pasta." He looked into the eyes of the older genius and slightly waved the pizza in front of his nose. He ignored his face, which expressed disgust at what lay on the plate. He was aware that this type of meal was not a very common dish in Mycroft's kitchen and that he considered it not elegant enough. However, he was convinced that at the moment his stomach needed a bit more food. "Please," he added, which eventually softened Mycroft's face.
He knelt down on the grass himself and pulled the slave close. “Hey, you’re going to be alright,” he assured him, rubbing his thin back. “I know there’s a lot to understand, but you’ll figure it out. You’re very clever, after all.” He said this lightly and Aquamarine rested his head on his shoulder, but only for a moment; then he tensed and snarled. “What?” John leaned back and saw him looking over his shoulder—when he twisted himself around he saw his mother’s neighbor watching them over a low point in the hedge.
Magnus rolled his eyes again. “Alright, we’ll try it once more,” he allowed, and he gave Bay an intense stare, like he was a spoon Magnus was trying to bend. “Well?” he asked.
“How hard did he try to defend you?” Ivan asked, his voice persuasive. “You think he didn’t know what I wanted you for? I bet he let you go rather easily.” He could see from Nico’s expression he was right. “So I’m guessing you’re supposed to be either a spy, or an assassin.” Or an offering, from a captive king willing to sacrifice his stepson to appease a conqueror; but Ivan didn’t have the heart to suggest that idea.
And really, let’s not forget that Magnus had not so far done anything bad to Bay. He’d given him food, a shower, clean clothes, a nap. All his touches had been gentle, and sex hadn’t even been mentioned. He’d gotten Bay a collar when he asked for one, and a cane when he’d needed it. There had been several opportunities when even a reasonable master might’ve punished his new slave—but Magnus tried to see his point of view. Not a pushover, though, Bay decided, remembering his refusal to get him a drink at the market. Let’s not forget he
He had expected the desert vista he’d gone to sleep with, cracked dry earth on the edge of the mud-brick town, the endless brown stretching away on either side with the mountains looming dimly in the background. Instead he saw—riotous green and blazing white. Grass, lush and healthy, prickled his bare feet, carpeting the entire area around the tent; it was fenced in by tall, leafy hedges and dotted by massive trees. And ahead of him, very close, was a house, all white, made of horizontal boards and glass windows in no style he was familiar with. The sky overhead was hazy, indeed just after dawn but overcast. It might even rain.
, you do need to keep a better eye on him, and not let him go wandering off on his own all the time,” he chided. “Otherwise what’s the point of you being here?”
“I can look after myself,” Irene countered, shifting gears and speeding up abruptly down the empty, sand-covered road.
Still, with the evidence he had to go on so far, Bay saw little alternative to sticking with his master. The thought for once did
Anthea opened her car door and got his attention. “I’m to take you home,” she announced, and Bay limped over to join her.
Mrs. Hudson brought a platter of French toast to the table—his mother never had to lift a finger when he visited, and got her whole house cleaned as well, you’d think she’d enjoy that. Molly and Irene sat down at the table, giving Mrs. Watson a respectful berth, and reached out to load their plates up.
look like a crazed wildling, who acted on nothing civilized men could understand. Though in this case Aquamarine thought his motivation was pretty obvious. Master stared back at him, shock morphing into acceptance and perhaps even a tiny touch of pride.
He could walk slowly, but to the ends of the earth, if it was away from the salesman and the market. Of course, he didn’t know what he was walking
“Sergei, scout out this bridge, see what kind of weight it can hold,” Ivan instructed, tapping a spot on the map. “Dimitri, set up patrols in the forest and village. Vladimir, send scouts to the east, I don’t want a surprise attack from the Loic.”
Carefully, as though humoring a crazy person—which was rather ironic—Magnus took Bay’s hand and rubbed it gently. “Darling, I think it would be better to stay focused on her phone,” he suggested, with such obvious restraint that Bay couldn’t help a quick smirk. Right, Magnus already knew who’d killed her, of course—so he said—and it was the same person who’d killed the others, and not a coincidence or a copycat.
“Sorry, I’ll shut up,” Bay promised hastily, gazing at his hands gripping his cane. The cane his master had insisted he have, so he could walk better.
He took his time in the loo, not just doing his business but also washing his hands and face, sipping his drink, examining his face in the mirror. The one eye looked bad, but he’d had worse. He felt back into his hair, trying to find what had intrigued Magnus, but it seemed the usual collection of bumps and scars to him.
The other police officers glanced at him, then each other, then their boss as Lestrade, with Bay limping behind him, stepped out onto the landing. “Magnus, there was no case!” Lestrade called down the stairs.
He had planned to be very prepared, so they could get in and out of the city before sunset, when Sherlock’s ban kicked back in—they’d already had to notify Lestrade that they were coming to London for a few hours, and John occasionally wondered if random people were plainclothes police officers assigned to watch them—but once he’d started reading about the slaves John had found he couldn’t sort through them dispassionately. He wanted to take them all home, make sure they were well-treated. Sherlock could’ve managed the advance prep easily, except it bored him too much. So now they were left wandering past the booths of various maids and gardeners and cooks and nannies, John finally forcing himself to do a
“Good boy, you’re a good boy, aren’t you,” Molly was telling Aquamarine as she spread the sunscreen over his face and neck. Irene was too independent for Molly to coddle, but Aquamarine seemed to enjoy it so far. John saw him lick her hand, then twist his face up as he tasted the sunscreen, and he tried not to laugh. Molly did, though, in a pleasant way that didn’t seem to irritate the other slave. Then Aquamarine was off and running around the yard again.
here.” He couldn’t even say the word very loudly in her backyard. “And neither is anyone else. Don’t worry, it’s a short visit,” he added, perhaps more quickly than he’d meant. “I think we’ll leave the day after tomorrow, and go to my flat in London. Have you ever heard of London? It’s a very large city.” John knew he was rambling at this point, but he was trying to convey to Aquamarine that he was being included in these plans. “Everyone has their own room and bathroom at my flat, so you won’t have to share with anyone. Hey.” He leaned down over Aquamarine, trying to catch his eye. “If I decide to sell you I will let you know well in advance, alright?” Being sold was often a terrifying experience for a slave, and not a fear to be dismissed—even if the current master was bad, at least they were
He recognized Molly and Irene’s legs under the table. The other woman was Master’s mother, and he wasn’t supposed to bother her, because she was scared of him. He’d been
The bolt of agony shot through him and Bay was unable to stand, his can skittering out from under him as he crunched to the hard floor, half catching the chair. He was angry at himself for letting the pain overwhelm him like that, he was used to pain, used to mistreatment. He could read people well and the man hadn’t given any sign that he was about to attack—which made him very dangerous indeed. Normally at this point he would’ve vanished into his own head, but something told him not to, not here with this man. If he did he might never return.
“Hush,” he murmured to Aquamarine, giving him a final squeeze. Then he climbed to his feet. “Hello, Mrs. Rogers,” he told the woman politely, yanking on Aquamarine’s shoulder to make him stand. He wandered over to the hedge. “How are you today? Just visiting Mum for a couple days.”
knew he could too, and then straightened so he was looking down on his master from his greater height. John tried not to interpret this as snideness; he couldn’t help how tall he was.
In the middle of the night Nico woke, disoriented, hot limbs wrapped around him. His first instinct was to struggle.
Sherlock seemed unusually interested in the bold woman, looking her up and down even as she did the same to him. “Er, I’m looking for a domestic,” John said, turning away from Sherlock. “Which one is Molly?”
After another hesitation the great beast turned, his tail sweeping the ground behind him. In seconds he was on the other side of the treasure hall; moments later he had vanished.
,” John suddenly realized. Slave collars came off when slaves were sold to new owners. “You’re worried I’m going to sell you soon?” The way Aquamarine’s gaze skittered away was answer enough. “Why? Because I said—not because I said you wouldn’t be sharing my bed tonight!” He couldn’t stop some disbelief from entering his tone; obviously feeling mocked, Aquamarine turned away from him stiffly.
Bay looped it over his head and clicked the ends together at the front of his throat. “Yes, it fits.”
Magnus waved this off as unimportant, and somehow Bay was not surprised. “That’s for building a case,” he scoffed, “for judges and lawyers.”
Master was washing his hands again, thoroughly. “Sit down next to Irene and she’ll get you something to eat.”
“Let me go,” Nico ordered, slightly breathless, although Ivan wasn’t technically restraining him in any way.
Molly appeared from behind the screen, wrapped in a robe; her hair was pinned up and slightly damp—perhaps she’d been bathing. Bathing was permitted, perhaps encouraged—Mrs. Hudson seemed very clean. “It’s alright, Mrs. Hudson, I’ll take him to Master,” she said. “Come on.”
Magnus was still genuinely mystified on this point, it seemed, and Bay found himself actually trying to come up with a reason. Then he checked himself—he was a slave, he was here to attend his master, witness his feats, help irritate people by his mere presence. He was not here to
“Yes, please,” Bilbo agreed. The dragon—Smaug by reputation, but Magnus to his friends—tilted his head slightly sideways, so Bilbo could climb onto the relatively flat plane of his snout. He clung to a couple of small horns as the dragon straightened up and began to glide across the vast hall of treasure.
“No, she never got to the hotel,” Magnus denied immediately. Bay squeezed his way past Lestrade and started the slow, painful trip down the stairs to his master. “Look at her hair. She color-coordinates her lipstick and her shoes—she’d never have left any hotel with her hair still looking—“ He stopped talking suddenly, and Bay froze a few steps above him. “Oh.” Magnus’s eyes widened and his face lit up, like a child receiving the best Christmas gift ever. “
“You don’t believe me, do you,” Magnus observed. Bay shook his head slowly. “About any of it.” He shook his head again. He felt like he would be buying into a cult, that he would lose himself completely in the comfort of fantasy. It was
“Yes, exactly!” Magnus agreed with delight. “We’re generally rather hardy, but a head injury in very early childhood can delay the development of our memories—it has to be something deliberate, not just an accident.”
But then it didn’t; there was only Magnus, moving to the dining chair and putting his hand over Bay’s, rubbing his taut knuckles gently. “Hey,” he said softly. “I’m not going to hit you. I’m
Molly did not really like thinking about violence and she put her arm around Aquamarine, trying to hold him close. “I’m sure he only did it to protect Master,” she finally suggested. Aquamarine whined in agreement and sniffed at Molly, then turned to check on Irene.
“You’re doing very well against my boots,” Ivan grunted as the boy wrestled with the second one. Fifteen, sixteen, Ivan guessed idly of his age. Some his age would be considered men.
Aquamarine scooted his feet forward an inch or so. “Don’t shuffle,” John advised him. “Pick your feet up all the way.” Aquamarine lifted one foot far higher than necessary and put it down, then did the same with the other. John pulled Irene’s face against his shoulder to muffle her derisive giggle, but Aquamarine heard it anyway and glared at her. “No, you’re doing well,” John assured him. “You just need some practice. Walk around a bit more.”
“Don’t bother,” Ivan warned him. “The guards outside know you aren’t supposed to leave.” Then he tossed the knife he’d taken over to the boy. “Here, keep this. Use it on someone who’s actually trying to hurt you.” Which in this brutal age, could be a lot of people.
. Pictures and dishes and counters and cabinets and machines and food and books and strangers (one, anyway) and lights and smells and—Something hissed near him, threateningly, and Aquamarine howled and dove under the table, scattering the empty chairs and pulling Master’s jacket over his head.
with it. Often no one noticed me, or I could convince them I was innocent.” He was not particularly proud of this ability, such as it was—he’d done what he had to, to survive. Well, not really, he’d done
There was much to attend to in a conquered kingdom. Ivan was not trying to build an empire, but no one needed to know that yet. Settling an unexplored land was satisfying, he felt, but conquering and maintaining an empire was merely a lot of trouble, especially in an age when the king’s physical situation was not too far removed from that of his lowest subjects. Technological innovation seemed a long way off, though, especially in this tradition-bound place. Ivan would be heartily glad to see its backside.
“Yes, I suppose there are certain similarities,” between Aquamarine and his mother’s little black Scottie. John cleared his throat again. “Er, I’ll be teaching him to blend in a little more,” he added. “Walking, using the furniture, that sort of thing. Crawling through the streets of London not really being encouraged.”
This time, at least, the shadow over his heart passed after a few minutes, and he looked around the laundry room with a fresh eye, determined to control what he could in this situation. His clothing was going to be
“Great at parties, I’m sure,” Lestrade responded sarcastically. “Alright, go over it one more time.”
lover—she’d never sustain the fiction of being single over that amount of time, so more likely a string of them. Simple,” he ended with a flourish.
It didn’t make any sense. No matter how Aquamarine’s mind raced, he came up blank. He spun around, as if the desert might merely be
Bay didn’t actually need to ‘try’ his leg to know it still hurt, but since he was sitting up anyway, it was tried. He didn’t bother to hide the twinge of pain.
John went back to his laptop, or pretended to; despite his endorsement Aquamarine was going to resist the footwear, and if he did so in an entertaining way, John would be amused, Aquamarine would know it, and the task would never be accomplished. Instead John wanted the slave to know he would only regain his attention by doing as he was told, and dressing properly. Couldn’t walk through London barefoot, after all.
turn off. Though a medieval battle was perhaps not the best situation for finding something admirable about humanity.
Molly scooted between his legs, probing a tender area, and he couldn’t help but cry out, even as he fought, now, to keep himself still. Tears blurred his eyes as he tried to focus on his master—open face, tanned, red-and-white checked headdress like the locals wore, deep blue eyes. “Shh, shh, it’s okay,” he soothed, and he seemed utterly genuine, which was somehow more confusing. “What’s your name? Tell me your name. If you don’t I’ll give you one.” He shook his head, body tense with the effort of not knocking Molly away. He didn’t have a name, not anything he cared about anyway. “Alright then.” His master stared at him pensively. “Aquamarine,” he decided. Bit of a mouthful, really. “You have such beautiful blue eyes—“ They squeezed shut.
“Let him sniff your hand,” Master told her, and she complied, holding elegant fingers under Aquamarine’s nose with a coy smirk. He inhaled her scent, delicate and spicy, and growled again in acknowledgement.
“If someone bothers you, come tell me about it,” he added, ignoring Irene’s comment. “Take off your trousers, please.”
“Came at us with a knife,” Master supplied. He rubbed the back of Aquamarine’s neck. “Good boy.” Aquamarine played into it, pushing his head against Master’s chest for more petting, as if that was the only thing he cared about.
Magnus didn’t speak again until he’d let Bilbo off in his room, which was only another couple of steps for him. “I meant more generally,” the dragon persisted, as Bilbo started to gather up his clothes. There was a large woven basket with a rope handle in his closet, which Magnus favored for transport. “You know, I’m not going to hurt you. I’ve already said so.”
Bay felt something rising within him, something angry and scary. “You don’t have a collar for me to wear?”
Magnus glanced up at him with an inscrutable expression—was he surprised Bay somehow didn’t already know the answer to this? High expectations, unreasonable. “My housekeeper,” he finally answered. “As I said, I have a flat on Baker Street in London. She wanders around it irritating me.”
Magnus lifted the tape for Bay, who ducked under it and followed his master and Sergeant Donovan towards the abandoned house at the center of police activity. Her behavior was what he was used to: very little regard, no direct speech or eye contact, unworthy of a name even. A thing, not a person. He’d probably have gotten more attention from her if he’d been a golden retriever. People at least liked to pat dogs on the head.
he didn’t trust. Master sighed and told him not to touch anything in the kitchen, it was just safer that way. Oh, and he didn’t like the
Magnus rolled his eyes. “I doubt that.” He dropped his mobile in his pocket. “Alright, I’ll fix your leg,” he declared. Bay blinked at him. “Well, how does it feel?” Magnus prompted, expectantly.
“Bay! Come in here,” Magnus summoned, so he did as he was told. There was a narrow hallway, with a little room for the toilet on one side and some other little room on the other, and then the second cabin, which was more kitchen-like with cabinets and a built-in table and booths. The windows here were uncovered and Bay could see the city rushing away in a tan haze, the fields zipping by below them, the roads with their terrestrial autos.
He wasn’t. Instead he felt cool hands on him again, pressing his raw wrists under the restraints, ghosting over his hot neck. Something pulled sharply at his throat and he hissed. “Sorry, sorry,” the man murmured. “Your collar—“ It had rubbed the skin beneath it for so long that it was practically part of his body now.
The bizarre game they were all enacting around him made him angry—slaves had enough to worry about without the mind-games masters sometimes liked to play. “Well at least he gave me a ride,” he said sharply, before he could stop himself, and immediately dropped his gaze to the cane he clutched.
Bay sighed. “Sorry, was I here before?” he inquired, not very hopeful of getting a straight answer. “Everyone seems to think they know me already, but I just don’t remember—”
Tugging and pulling at his wrists, and the restraints dropped away. He felt ten pounds lighter. That’s probably what they weighed, anyway. He experimented with walking with the cane, always keeping near the pole he’d been bound to, his good eye able to look up and around now in brief, furtive glances. The world came into focus around him, bright and colorful. The man in the silver-grey suit was tall, held himself with confidence; Bay swept his eye over him then dropped it back down subserviently.
, after all. A movement caught his eye and he saw Master’s hand offering him an orange slice under the table. Aquamarine took it with his teeth, deliberately letting his lips brush Master’s fingers. It was different from the oranges he was used to—bigger, sweeter, but somehow also less flavorful.
Suddenly the house was quieter, except for thumps down the stairs. “Ah, they’ve finished now,” he pointed out. “We’ll see how he looks.” She should be glad if he was wearing more ‘normal’ clothes, John would’ve thought.
“Sherlock, don’t be rude, please,” John told him, the ‘please’ saying he meant business. It was one thing to be rude to people who could walk away from you; quite another to inflict it upon slaves at a market.
“Sell,” John repeated, frowning. Or was it ‘cell,’ like a living cell, or a prison cell? Aquamarine made a noise of frustration. “Alright, I’m not sure what you mean,” he admitted, trying to be patient. “You’re very tense all of a sudden. Can you come here? Lie down.” He got Aquamarine to lie down on his side with his head in John’s lap, though the slave still insisted on keeping his knees drawn up tight. John glanced idly at the gap this made in his clothes, now at his lower back. “Trust Irene to get the low-rise jeans,” he muttered, stroking Aquamarine’s hair. “Now what’s the problem? You were fine until I mentioned the sleeping arrangements—”
what I’m like, don’t you, sweetie,” Irene cooed to him flirtatiously. It was clearly over the top, and Molly was rolling her eyes in the background; but Aquamarine looked intrigued.
John threaded his fingers through his dark curls and kissed his temple. “Well, it’s magic,” he answered. “I know you don’t like that,” he added quickly, as Aquamarine snarled against his shoulder. “But that’s how we got here. Like how Molly healed your injuries.”
“Yes, came back a little while ago,” she fussed. “Oh, you don’t even have a jacket! And poor dear, look at your eye.”
Master finally eased his hold on Aquamarine and slipped probing fingers through his hair. “No, I’m making sure his injuries have healed. He’d been badly mistreated.” Aquamarine heard the anger underlying his tone; both that and the actual words surprised him. Not that he thought he’d been
He was some kind of warlord, Viking-esque really—which was rather odd, okay, he was blond, but he’d never been a
“I’m interested in your master,” the man went on. “You can imagine he doesn’t have very many friends. In fact, he’d probably call me his
can tell your servants to prepare baths for all of my men. Bathing once or twice in their lives won’t kill them.”
Sneaking a look back to make sure his mother was otherwise occupied, John let his hand drift down Aquamarine’s back to land on his rear end, squeezing firmly. Aquamarine purred in response and John predicted Irene would have no further trouble putting fitted trousers on him. “Now give the socks and shoes a try,” he added matter-of-factly, patting the slave before letting him go.
Leonid opened the door to the bedchamber and pulled the boy inside, trapping him in a corner by the fireplace. Ivan glanced over at them briefly, then went back to the map he had spread on the table before him. The other warriors in the room made eye contact with each other and smirked knowingly.
Magnus reached for his face and Bay turned away, nauseous and terrified, so his hand dropped to his shoulder. “Bay, I’m sorry,” he said gently. “I didn’t mean to upset you. Can you calm down?”
Magnus started walking again. “Yes, London,” he agreed. “It’s a bit dull sometimes, when things are so similar, but I like to find ways to play the game differently. New ways to irritate Mycroft. Always new cases, of course, that’s nice. Sometimes people admit to recognizing me, other times they won’t,” he continued nonsensically. “It’ll be fun to show you to them.”
“Mr. Holmes.” The window on the SUV was rolled up almost before Master finished speaking and the vehicle roared away.
“What?” Magnus said suddenly. “No. No!” He popped up from the couch, energized, and stepped onto and over the coffee table rather than going around it on his way to the kitchen. “Type and send it. Quickly.” Bay continued typing, slow as he wasn’t used to it, and rather distracted by trying to keep his eccentric master in sight at all times. From the kitchen Magnus picked up a small pink suitcase, then placed one of the dining chairs in between the armchairs, apparently as a table on which to put the case. “Have you sent it?” he asked impatiently.
“Yes. Could I go back to my room and pick up my clothes?” Bilbo suggested. He carefully climbed onto the dragon’s snout again when invited. Very important to wait for an invitation for that one.
“We’ll stay in London, then,” he decided, watching Bay’s reaction. Bay kept things strictly neutral; he’d had a lot of practice at that. “It might get busy, I think Lestrade will have a new case for me soon. It was terribly difficult to leave when I did, but I had to find you. Have you heard of this?” He turned the mobile around so Bay could see a news headline, something about a string of suspicious suicides.
“What? No, milord,” Nico replied. Ivan covered his mouth to hide his expression at the unbidden use of a title. He probably shouldn’t read too much into that. “In Marios only women play music,” he added, a bit snidely. “Perhaps you didn’t know that.”
him, since he obviously had a specific answer in mind. He tried to think, not logically but Magnusly—Magnus had him send a text to Jennifer Wilson’s phone, a text that would be meaningless to most people but the murderer would think he’d failed—
“I’d rather not,” Sherlock replied, suddenly getting up from his spot and walking out of the kitchen.
John decided to take a slightly more direct approach. “Guess what they found at the crime scene yesterday?”
There was no denying that Sherlock was brilliant. He had intelligence and logic skills that almost seemed superhuman. But for as smart as the man was, he severely lacked emotional intelligence, and that was often infuriating to John.
“And what was I wearing when you got here?” Sherlock asked like he was teaching a child a math problem.
“I am not the one killing these people, John!” he snapped, standing up from his chair again, forcefully enough that the chair actually slid back a couple of inches.
John had never specialized in psychiatry, but he had to admit that he tried to diagnose Sherlock from time to time. None of the diagnoses really seemed to truly fit, though. He didn’t have narcissistic personality disorder because his ego was based in reality - he really was that special. He didn’t seem to fall on the autism spectrum because his lack of interpersonal skills seemed to stem from a choice rather than a symptom. It wasn’t that Sherlock didn’t understand social cues or emotional responses, quite the opposite, he understood people better than they understood themselves. He just often couldn’t be bothered with social niceties. And he wasn’t a sociopath, even if he sometimes claimed to be. No, Sherlock definitely had empathy and a full range of emotions, he just did everything in his power not to show them to anybody.
“When do you think you’ll be home? I’d really like a cup of tea,” Sherlock texted flippantly, as though it was the most normal thing to request right now.
John’s jaw dropped slightly. He had obviously hit a nerve, but he was not used to Sherlock being so reactive. Clearly Sherlock was really upset about this and maybe guilting him when he was already beating himself up was the wrong approach.
Sherlock was often unpredictable, but it was a predictable unpredictability. This was different. This was very out of character for Sherlock, to give up when someone's life was still at stake. And it made John angry.
John shook his head. “No, you didn’t,” he argued. “You just shut down. You wouldn’t even talk with me at the crime scene. You just left!”
John finally arrived home several hours after receiving Sherlock’s text. If he was being honest, it was possible he intentionally delayed returning to the flat and that he had been avoiding Sherlock. He was still pretty angry with him. But he knew that eventually he needed to go home and that he had to try to convince Sherlock to come back to the case. It was urgent, there were still more victims on the list that they had the opportunity to save.
John raised his eyebrows at the passive-aggressive invitation, but stepped inside and sat down next to Sherlock.
He sat on the edge of his bed and carefully laid out the pouch’s contents. A spoon, a syringe, a lighter, a tourniquet, several baggies of various substances, a pen, and a small notepad. Tearing a piece of paper from the notepad, he studied the baggies for a moment, deciding what he wanted to do. Then he carefully wrote his obligatory list for Mycroft and folded it into his pocket before getting to work. Sherlock didn’t really have any feelings about the list. At this point, it was just another part of the ritual.
Sherlock finally turned to look at John, his face ragged but a stubbornness to his response. “I did reach out.”
EIther way, now was not the time to question it, because Sherlock looked like he was one confrontation away from a full-blown breakdown.
“Sherlock, more people are going to die if we don’t find the killer,” John pushed back, shocked at the complete apathy that Sherlock was showing towards that particular detail.
John’s heart broke slightly at that realization. Sherlock had obviously been in a really bad place and John had completely missed it. He hadn’t noticed because he had been too absorbed in the case and in his own frustration with Sherlock. But he should have noticed the details. The peculiarities. The small things that were big things when it came to Sherlock Holmes.
Then he carefully packed everything back up and crawled back under the bed to put everything back in its place, always careful to put everything away as the very first thing so that he did not accidentally reveal his secrets if he ended up dozing off later.
Sherlock stared at his phone after sending the text. He watched the read receipt pop up, and waited to see if he would get a response. He wasn’t expecting one. He really just sent the text out of a sense of obligation. So that he could say that he sent it.
Sherlock turned on his heel at the request, and when he did, John saw a quiet fury behind his eyes that made his stomach sink. He couldn’t be sure, but suddenly he had a suspicion and a new worry. After all, he had previously only ever seen this kind of rage within Sherlock when Sherlock was high.
Sherlock felt that this was nearly foolproof for all the nosy people constantly snooping through his things. If they went under the bed, they would have to put weight on the intentionally loose floorboard before getting anywhere near the outlet. At that point, they would find the cigarettes and might possibly think they had been successful at finding his “stash” and maybe cigarettes were truly all he was hiding. But even if they didn’t and they found the key too, they would then divert their attention and start looking for something with a lock. When they found the lockbox it belonged to, which lived under another floorboard in his bathroom, all they would find would be another key that did not belong to anything at all, and they would drive themselves mad looking for the next lock. Nobody would realize the first key was really just meant to be used as a makeshift screwdriver for a space too narrow to fit a real screwdriver. Sherlock was actually quite proud of this system.
“No, actually, I’m starting to think it’s best if he sits this one out,” John answered cryptically, staring at the closed bedroom door.
John rolled his eyes at the message. At least Sherlock was honest this time, which was unusual. Typically this type of request would come in the form of Sherlock insisting there was some sort of emergency and that John had to come home right away, just for him to get there and have Sherlock request that he open a window or hand him something from across the room.
Eagerly injecting his concoction, he closed his eyes as he savored the initial rush of the drugs flooding his bloodstream.
Sherlock didn’t respond, he just turned to look at the wall again. John took that to mean that he was at least not refusing food, so he stood up to go and make something. But when he got to the bedroom door, he paused and looked back at Sherlock.
John didn’t respond with anything other than a relenting nod. Sherlock was not in a state of mind where anything John said would matter anyway and he did not want to push Sherlock over the edge when his behavior was already so erratic. He sighed as Sherlock’s bedroom door slammed shut. If his suspicion was right, he didn’t want to think about what Sherlock might be doing in there now.
Magnus seemed to really want an answer this time. “Maybe she left it at home,” Bay suggested. That was the kind of normal bad luck that happened to people.
much. “This is an oak tree,” John explained to Aquamarine, who seemed very interested in its bark. He turned away momentarily as a neighbor started their mower, wondering if it would scare Aquamarine, and when he looked back the slave was shimmying up the tree.
They entered a bare room on the third floor, lit only by police lamps that cast eerie shadows across the scaffolding poles supporting the sagging ceiling, and through the random holes in the walls. The building obviously didn’t see much traffic, at least not the reputable kind. In the center of the room lay a woman, facedown. She was clad all in pink, from her overcoat to her high heels to her fingernails—two of which were broken and ragged from scratching the letters RACHE into the wooden floor.
“Right, then. The case.” Magnus retrieved the pink suitcase and placed it between them again, and Bay sat up attentively. “You were going to ask me how I found this,” he prompted.
“Wipe your feet,” Master instructed, indicating the rough mat just inside the doorway, and Aquamarine did so, the strange texture interesting but not enough to hold his attention in a room filled with so many new and foreign
His hand had been resting on Nico’s ribs; now he slid it down to his hip then started pushing back up, under his shirt. When his hand touched the boy’s skin, though, Nico jerked back as if burned.
“Good boy,” Master praised him. Then he turned back to his mother. “Did the Doyles ever get their house sold?”
“Big,” Aquamarine finally said. He seemed quite troubled by this, but John had to admit he didn’t get it.
bother with a restraining belt. Careless in some ways, like with the paperwork—a certain arrogance that rules didn’t apply to him, whether bureaucratic or physical. Bay kept his eyes open.
Lestrade was asking about the Cardiff connection—Magnus pretended he thought it ought to be obvious, when he knew very well that it wasn’t. “Dear G-d, what is it like in your funny little brains?” he asked, glancing between Bay and Lestrade. “It must be so boring.” Well, modesty rarely accompanied genius.
The kitchens were well-appointed, being meant to serve a great king and his court; now they served only a single Hobbit. Bilbo was not sure what the dragon ate and he wasn’t going to ask, either. The fire was banked in the main hearth and Bilbo stirred it up and swung the kettle over it, then proceeded into the pantry. This was what
“Yes, I can,” Mr. Holmes confirmed. It sounded slightly sinister. His eyes flickered dismissively over Molly and Irene—funny, most people’s gazes tended to linger on Irene—and landed on Aquamarine with a curious scrutiny. “This is the wildling I’ve heard so much about, hmm?” he commented. Aquamarine was not sure how the man would have heard about him, or what ‘much’ there was to hear. “Looks more like a pretty little pleasure slave to me.”
“Fine, then send me one of your pretty little sisters to do the job,” Ivan suggested, reaching down to trace the injury.
Nico watched him suspiciously for a moment, then, when Ivan stretched his legs out before the fire and leaned his head back as though weary, the boy decided it might be alright and knelt on the flagstones, eyeing Ivan’s filthy boots as though formulating a battle strategy for removing them.
Magnus turned back the way he’d been going, his blue searchlight eyes finally leaving Bay. “Yes, almost there. Come on.” He dug his mobile out of his coat pocket and, presumably, summoned his transport. “Bother, there’s a lot of people here,” he complained of the crowd already waiting. “It might be a few minutes. Do you want to sit?”
a killer; at the very least, someone who’d facilitated her death, someone who knew she was in trouble but didn’t get help.
Bay stopped on the street near the police tape and realized two things: for the last several minutes he’d been thinking critically, analytically, trying to solve an important problem, rather than focusing exclusively on his own misery and survival; and two, he didn’t see Magnus or the transport anywhere.
“Here,” Bay finally said, bringing the mobile over. Imperiously Magnus held out his hand, palm up, and Bay laid the phone on it. Magnus pressed it between his hands, which were steepled under his chin, and didn’t open his eyes. Bay waited a moment to see if any other orders were forthcoming. When they weren’t, he went back to a chair, this time one closer to the lit fire.
The report pleased his master, whose attention and hands drifted down Aquamarine’s neck to his shoulders and arms. It was almost like a light massage and he found himself relaxing incrementally, resting more and more of his weight on his master’s lap. “Much better. No pain? No soreness? Limited movement? Good. You’re very fair-skinned,” his master pointed out, which Aquamarine of course knew. “Quite prone to sunburn, I’d imagine.” Naturally; between dirt and sunburns he hadn’t seen his own arms looking so pale in years—they contrasted sharply with his master’s. Aquamarine wondered if he found that attractive, or sickly.
Aquamarine snarled at him, baring his teeth, and John clamped his hand down on the back of his neck. “That’s enough,” he said, completely mystified by Aquamarine’s behavior. “If you’re hurt, tell me where.” He could speak perfectly well.
The salesman adopted a sober expression. “Sadly Lady Englethorpe recently died,” he informed John. “Her husband, Lord Englethorpe, has decided to sell them, as he’ll be traveling abroad and no longer requires their services. As you see,” he went on, directing the slaves to get up and come closer to the bars, “we have two very fine domestics, Molly and Andrew, and Irene, a pleasure slave.” Irene made a coy little face at Sherlock as he said this.
very comfortable as it bounced over the rutted roads—but Master suddenly grabbed his shoulder, then his collar. “Packing,” he reminded Molly and Irene, pulling Aquamarine along into the tent. “Tell Mrs. Hudson. And don’t disturb me!”
“I got some clothes for Aquamarine, Master,” she told him innocently. “Like you said.” She held out her hand to the kneeling slave, waggling her fingers and smiling like a witch offering candy to children. “Come on, Aquamarine, let’s go try them on.”
“Bay!” she greeted enthusiastically, welcoming him in. “Oh, I wondered what happened to you, dear! I was so worried when Magnus came back alone.”
He told himself to stop thinking about that; he was in danger of vanishing in response, and he needed to keep his wits about him with a new master. Vanishing while walking might cause him to stop, or run into something, which would certainly draw his master’s ire.
from? Not lanterns or lamps, surely. Frustratingly he couldn’t reach that high and there was nothing to climb on.
“Well I suppose I’d better stay here then,” Irene conceded, in her usual tone of dark amusement. “Wouldn’t want him taking a bite out of me.” She leaned back against the Jeep.
“Oh.” He could tell Bilbo was irritated at him, a rather daring position for Bilbo to take all things considered, and he didn’t like it. “I found some interesting things in the northwest corner,” Magnus tempted. “I thought you might like to explore there today.”
was crouching, so clearly this wasn’t the desired endpoint. Carefully he lowered his legs to the floor, sitting flat on his rear end. Then he winced and Irene burst out laughing, knowing the source of his discomfort, but Master shot her a look and she kept her mouth shut.
“The neighbors might be out—“ his mother worried. She was certain she would never live down the attack on the mailman—normally Taffy just barked at him from inside, but this time
“Mr. Holmes,” Master returned. He was polite, but uninterested in the other man’s games. “I shouldn’t be surprised to see you out here.”
“No, it’s… fine,” Magnus assured him, and his tone was odd, slightly surprised almost. Bay risked looking up. “That’s not what people usually say,” he admitted ruefully.
“John?” He tried not to sigh as his mother stepped out the back door to join him. There were logistical reasons why it was easier to transport himself here rather than directly to London; but sometimes he thought the extra hassle might be worth it. His mother glanced around as she approached, giving the small tent a long look. “Where’s, um--?”
“What about things like forensic evidence?” Bay asked him curiously, hoping he seemed interested and not skeptical. “DNA, fingerprints, security camera footage—you don’t have access to that, do you?”
Sherlock almost snorted and leaned back in his chair. It was obvious that he did not believe what was happening.
At this point, the waiter placed two plates full of seafood in front of them. Sherlock looked at the dishes hesitantly. When he looked up at John, he didn't look like he was saying 'I told you so', but he was waiting for his deduction and explanation of the reasons why the couple in love caught his attention. Sherlock didn't turn around again but started to look at food.
"John, thank you for earlier. This discussion would probably continue if you didn't get rid of him from the bedroom."
"Mr. Holmes will be waiting for you at the airport," the driver said calmly. John sat back in the comfortable seat and remained silent the rest of the way.
"I will answer all your questions, Sherlock." I want to be honest with you and I want you to see the situation from my point of view. I care about our good relations and I don't want to ... "
"Two minutes!" a robot-like man wearing a helmet shouted and raised two fingers toward the silent group. He was a soldier, specially trained for this type of task, so the sight of their scared, uncertain and doubting faces, did not impress him. He turned and checked the rope for the last time.
Genius, however, did not make the slightest sound. He was talking to the waiter who came to his table.
"... having such a wonderful and beautiful daughter, I would like to brag about her myself. Although this may not be entirely true ..."
Sherlock didn't answer. As usual. He smiled mysteriously and murmured in a low voice that made John shiver. "John, I always pay attention to you. Even when you think I don't." The way he spoke these words made John barely stop his body from shaking. He looked at Sherlock, who did the same. They stood side by side, staring into their eyes. None of them moved by an inch. It didn't matter that a few customers came into the store and tried to squeeze through the narrow passage behind them. For John, nothing was more important than sharp eyes, black hair, expressive cheekbones and unnaturally sensual lips of his friend. And Sherlock didn't care at the moment about anything except the deep color of John's eyes, his golden hair he almost feared to touch, and the strong arms he wanted to feel all around him again. Molly made them come back to reality. She was smiling from ear to ear and she was holding a small stylish box in her hands. She stood in front of them, forcing them to interrupt their intense gaze. She probably didn't even notice the awkward silence that reigned in a second because she opened the cream box with a wide smile and red cheeks.
Mycroft's face said a lot. He looked at his brother with pursed lips, dilated nostrils and furious gaze. He leaned over John, grabbed Sherlock's phone and began to wrestle with him. John had to lean back so as not to get hit by the fighting brothers. He rolled his eyes and sighed loudly. Yes. It was perfect proof of gentlemen's behavior. The day before, he was made informed that elegant men in a serious position do not use force to get or receive anything. Now he had perfect proof in front of him.
"Dear lord..." John interrupted their discussion, "... could you two shut up?" he stuttered suddenly as Mycroft's hand rested on the front of his trousers.
He couldn't watch her trying to talk to the receptionist standing by the stairs with patience and a smile on his face. However, he was grateful to her because she unwittingly diverted the attention of the other man. He took the bag and, taking the opportunity, leaned over the counter, quickly took the key, - the same key the man wanted to hand them by mistake - and joined his companion. She was still struggling over some sentences, so he passed her and climbed the stairs to the first floor first. He didn't have to wait long. Both the woman and the receptionist joined him, and a moment later they were standing in front of a large wooden door.
The girl, however, stared at the floor and avoided his stare. "What? Ah, yes ... But you know ... Sherlock started to ignore me, and I have not had contact with Aaron since the morning ... It seems that both of them avoid me" she added with a sad and forced smile, glancing at John. He ignored the mention of Stoner, but the news that Sherlock had left her alone surrounded by so many strangers was a surprise to him. They looked like a couple until now. What was happening here?
"I'm glad you're not. I wouldn't show up in the city with an old man. Not to mention living with one under one roof," Sherlock muttered in a serious tone and started to look at souvenirs. John raised an eyebrow, but he took his words with amusement.
The last day must have been sort of an experiment because he did not believe that within a dozen or so hours he had lost the ability to discern and accurately assess the situation. It seemed to him that whatever he did, the effect would be different from what he expected. He was already irritated by this. He watched Holmes enter the other room with a slight smile. Now that he noticed the cut on his cheek, he must have guessed what had happened before. Ha! He probably even knew the details, looking at his mud-stained trousers, his bloody collar, and his whole appearance. Even so, he didn't ask questions. He was grateful to him for not bringing up the subject. It would be too embarrassing for him. Anyway, he was mad at himself for letting the Ripper getaway. He preferred to talk about the mysterious man instead.
"Confit artichoke serve with truffle potato, saffron and baked vegetables," Francesca replied before Holmes could do it. She watched John's surprised and confused face with a smile. At the same time, she gently poked her portion with a silver fork.
"Letters from fans, from clients" John began to enumerate, pointing to envelopes, which in his opinion belonged to people from these groups. "This letter probably sent a child. The biggest pile is threat letters."
Aaron almost choked on his own laughter but managed to keep his face serious. He saw the honesty in Molly's eyes and her passion, which made him even more amused. It was hard to believe she changed her mind so easily, hearing some sweet lies.
Sherlock supposed that the loud and uncontrollable signal of the message was associated with the sounds John heard from his phone when they were lying on comfortable bedding in the hotel bed. Still, he couldn't get over how quickly John combined the two sounds and how he even thought about it. He smiled as he remembered the pictures he had so passionately studied from the phone screen. He gave John a compelling look and murmured with his baritone. "I will gladly show you the effect but I prefer not to show you these videos."
John tried to catch Mycroft's lips with his teeth but the genius jerked his head back. He saw John's reaction, his dilated pupils and faster breathing. He could feel his pulse under his clenched fingers, his hot breath and the bulge in his pants that pressed against his leg. He was excited too and he had to admit - to his huge surprise - he wanted John and desired his touch. He loosened his hand carelessly. John took advantage of this chance. He started to push Mycroft into the center of the room and attack him with passionate kisses. After a few steps, Mycroft slammed his calves against the edge of the sofa. They both fell down.
"He can't do anything right because he thinks of you all day." Mrs. Hudson said loudly from the corridor, peering over Sherlock's shoulder. She wanted to see how John reacted to her words, but she was disappointed. First, because John didn't turn around or even lookup. Secondly, because Sherlock immediately closed the door, even more, leaving only a narrow gap at the width of his head.
Mycroft never bragged about his resolutions and how hard he trained, trying to get rid of excess weight, he had in childhood. At the moment, he congratulated himself in his mind for all this, because to Aaron's great surprise and probably a disappointment, he didn't gasp like a man who had run a marathon, nor did he sweat so much. He was a bit tired but tried his best not to show it. He walked proudly with his head raised. They reached the top floor of the building, walked through the elegant hall and passed several apartments until they finally reached their destination. Aaron put the key in the door and stepped inside, leaving it open. Meanwhile, Mycroft looked at the two bodyguards occupying both sides of the door.
"... the neighbor heard strange noises at night and saw a man moving away from the place where the corpse was found, but she was not able to describe him to us" he finished quoting all the facts from his notebook. He was holding a pen in his hand. He wanted to write down what Sherlock was about to say.
"Good night, Mycroft!" he growled quietly, turned toward the window and wrapped a warm blanket around him. He heard the older man sighed. When he closed his eyes, he subconsciously still saw the lights of London and Sherlock standing in the window.
When they arrived, the first thing that caught his eye was a small but elegant plane. Right next to him was a car with the door open and several people around it. Mycroft was among them, he was talking to the pilot of the plane. When John's car stopped a few yards in front of the machine, the driver opened door for him.
Mycroft smiled and wiped his mouth with a napkin and poured some whiskey into the glasses. It was a tiring day for both of them and they decided to relax with a bit of alcohol. Happily, Mycroft regained a good mood after the morning discussion. It turned out that John's message from his phone didn't do much damage. What's more, the president's advisor, to whom the text was addressed, accepted it with amusement. He invited both Mycroft and John, but they preferred to reschedule the meeting. They decided to spend the night peacefully in their apartment.
"Give me ten minutes." He could feel their eyes on him as he headed for the kitchen. He put the empty cup on the table. In his mind, he was glad for his laziness, because his suitcase full of clean clothes, was still lying near the fridge so grabbed it as he walked through the corridor. Before he closed the bathroom door, he heard as Sherlock sat down in his armchair and the soft footsteps in the living room that must have been Mycroft's. Alright. They decided to wait for him. He sincerely hoped they didn't have time to argue before he got out of the shower.
Some of them stopped and pointed their finger at Sherlock, who was standing in the window, coughing. Other people took out their phones and started recording this amazing scene. Sherlock saw them.
"John would never have come up with such an idea of his own accord. We should show him that there is another option of rejecting both of us. We both know that he is struggling with his own decision."
"But you know how she is. Open to new things and progress, but she doesn't want to hear about leaving London. Even for a few days," Mrs. Hudson continued with a cheerful face. She didn't care at all about Sherlock's silence. "I told her so many times. My dear, look at my boys. They go and travel all the time. And they are so happy. The trips are very good for health, I tell her. You and John rarely get sick," she said.
