He shook his head. He was trying not to appear desolate, I could tell, but his eyes looked wounded. I needed to go to him, and I also needed to think before I spoke and to not say things I wasn't absolutely sure of.
It didn't matter. It really didn't. It
Beyond the area they had cleared, the next instance of the way seemed free of any major blockage, and not far ahead, a maintenance corridor on the right would take him to the side engine. The lights flickered again, somewhat alarmingly.
he thought, because coffee always made everything a bit better, and because, on the ship, the supplies of coffee were limited. At one point, it would run out, and it was a good idea to pour as much as possible into him now, while he still could.
"I wasn't being smug," I said. "I just figured. By the way you were kissing me."
"And say hey to everyone from me!" Tony called out. He was throbbing with nervous energy. He could feel the blood drumming a punishing rhythm in his ears. His face felt frozen in a beginning of an uncalled-for grin. He knew he should shut up already.
Tony: Could I ask you to skip the shitty one?
Tony kept running every day. He was going to drown in his grim determination if he had to.
Tony had been increasingly restless on the way, and I couldn't stand to watch him fidget any longer. What I said was: "I think I'm going to call it an early night. See you in the morning?" What I meant was: "Go, fiddle with your quantum GPS. Try." The relief on his face when I said I was going to sleep stung for a moment. But this was Tony. When he gets an idea in his head, he can't help it. He can't keep away.
It seemed Steve had decided to ignore his stunt, however. Serenely, he turned back to the cabin. And then, fast as a lightning, he bent down, and scooped, and catapulted a snowball straight into Tony’s face. Tony spluttered in outrage.
"Chatter," Steve interjected, cutting off Clint's next remark. The king's voice habitually carried over the battlefield, even though he did sound quite exhausted now. "Tony, I'm afraid I'll need a hand here."
Even though he laughed out, Steve's face was burning. He could tell she could tell, and he could tell she found it amusing and it made him feel even more awkward. "That's not..." He pressed his fingertips to his eyelids for a moment. Let himself be in darkness. Then he opened his eyes. "Yeah, all right. I'm being an idiot about it. Nothing can ever happen on that front. You know it, and I know it, and that's it. But I actually... I
Steve was making an honest-to-god speech to the masses, and when you are making a speech, you tend to get carried away. You don't exactly notice what's going on around you. Just one moment of inattention could be one too many.
... The beat was kind of contagious, though.
There wasn't anything Tony could do about it, really. It was as if it happened of its own volition. Suddenly he moved the imaginary craft sharply to the left, and forward, and it wasn't as if he'd planned for this, but maybe he did, just a little bit. Cap, with his perfect balance and his perfect coordination, gasped and fell back and to the right –  colliding with Tony's body.
The realization slams into him like a sack of bricks: he's been using every excuse to keep touching Steve. And after that it's impossible for his mind not to stray to those few times they'd fooled around in the past. And, all right, that one weekend in Vermont, which was pretty amazing, but let's not go there. It had all been strictly no-strings-attached, strictly friends-with-benefits thing. The sex had been good, and it served its purpose, back then – to have some fun and get his mind off the fact he was broken up with Pepper
"Is he for real?" he muttered to himself.
," Steve said with a dramatic emphasis and laughed softly. He put the weight down for a second, wiped the sweat off his forehead. "No, I'm aware of it. The guys don't have much else to do. You can't just play pool or triad for days or months on end..." He arched his eyebrows and looked at Nat with humor tinged with weariness. "I thought
Slowly, the cold had started sinking in, the creepy crawly chills that began all quiet and then proceeded to wreck his body, slowly at first, and then stronger and stronger.
he thought. He'd tried tracking time by his sleeping cycles, but having nothing to record them with, he lost count. Being underground did that to you, he supposed. As they were bringing him here, he'd felt the elevator going down – and down and
"That's all?" Steve asked quietly, dismissively, as if it wasn't important at all.
"Oh?" he retorts. "Now that Steve's back, though, I'd expect to be pushed down to..." he's babbling. I know he's babbling and he knows he's babbling, and then he stops. "Fuck's sake," he says. "Steve's back.
And Steve replied: "At least we're in it together. Well, kind of," he amended. And, at that moment, it really felt like they had known each other for way longer than they had. Tony's hand was resting on the table. Atop it, Steve's hand lay, not moving, not demanding anything, just there. It really didn't feel like flirting any more. It felt closer than that, more real.
"No, no," Tony said. "You okay?"
Steve frowned down at him, as he tended to do when he thought Tony's jokes were out of place. "You're not tricking me into using you as a shield or whatever."
, he told himself sternly,
Chief blinked, made an apparent effort to focus on the conversation. "He's not a soldier," he went on, as if every word cost him money. "But you know that already, sir. And these days no one is. So that's pretty much it, I think."
Tony: I might have ordered them online.
You should be happy, he reprimanded himself. Tony was all right. What Steve came here to do was accomplished. And still, something in him longed for the intimacy of a shared blanket, even in a prison cell; something in him couldn't help but remember how it felt to have Tony pressed warmly against his body, as well as the familiar, safe certainty that Tony had his back in a fight.
Tony: Oh god. Years ago? Before Pepper, even. Sorry, I thought maybe you knew about that.
. Yeah, well then, he'll have to give him a lift, won't he, he thought resignedly.
Tony: But you had Nat there, and Sam.
I laughed. "I've wanted this for a long time."
him, and what he was finding out seemed to be a really mixed bag. Or an incomprehensible tangle. (A tangle was probably a better comparison.) Still, somehow, Steve wanted to know more.
feel as if he was slowly dissolving, as if he was fading until there was nothing left at all. They were a fantastic party duo, the two of them, he thought.
Periods of panic now alternated with non-caring, almost zen-like existence: the second state was much scarier. He wondered if this was what quiet slippage into insanity felt like.
to anything he wanted right at that moment.
"Sorry, Cap," he said, trying to sound as honest as he could and probably failing. "I... It's sometimes difficult for me to remember the hierarchy, you know? Which you probably noticed. I'm not a soldier. Well, you probably noticed that as well."
Tony: On to more cheerful topics. I just got a word of Ross. Have you heard anything about him, by the way?
In the end, what Tony managed to say was, "The beard's not so bad actually, you know."
Tony: A part of me is not completely unhappy that you're worried about me.
turned on, but what if he didn't really
"True enough. You're not going to tell me anything, are you?"
Tony: Yeah, he was here a little while ago. I didn't think it was worth waking you up over, was going to tell you all about it in a few hours. I didn't think he'd come at you at four in the morning. Shoulda known better.
, Tony thought, startling awake, wiping too much sweat from his face. Feverish? He should probably check it out. He stuck this onto the bottom of his mental to-do list, to forget about it forever, in all likelihood.
.) "I'd have thought you'd be out of here by now, honestly." It seemed almost like a question, almost as if Tony was expecting something from him, an answer, an explanation, but of what? And the terrifying realization that Tony saw
"I'm not going to
He was opening his mouth to retort something, but this time I was faster.
He's naked and he's vulnerable and he's high strung as a guitar string on the verge of snapping. Tony's face keeps coming back to him, a smile that is cold and wry, and the eyes that sear into him – with what emotion, Steve can't guess – despite Tony's attempts at impassivity. And something in Steve's stomach burns and burns, and he loves the goose bumps that spring up on his skin; and he looks down his body and imagines how it must look from the door, how he will look to Tony, if Tony ever shows up. How Tony will see him, almost helpless, probably blushing, semi-hard already, sizzling with shame and anticipation and want.
His eyes closed, he lay there for a time, wondering why anticipation felt so close to apprehension, and, when he’s at that, why apprehension felt so close to dread, and why thee fuck it was so difficult to discern between the three. In that company, happiness was certainly an uninvited guest, and still, the cheeky thing was there, snaking through his stomach, warming him from the inside, no matter how much he tried to ignore it.
Hope inclined its head and smiled shyly.
STARK: It's not even clearly visible!
"It feels like you've just been shown what kind of physical preparedness you might need to actually do this," Sam responded in dry tones.
Steve leaned closer to his face, hovering over Tony a little. Surprised, Tony made as if to pull back, but he didn't exactly have anywhere to go. He just slowly blinked at Steve, momentarily frozen in place.
Tony felt a corner of his lips twitch into something wry and not particularly happy. Decided – yet again – to try and let it go. He won't bait him today.
Steve sighed. "Fine," he said. He was next to the nearest viper now. The craft seemed in a pitiful condition. Salvageable or not, though – Steve couldn't tell.
But then Steve came back with his blanket. Apparently he had gotten only one. (Tony had two.) The blond then proceeded to painstakingly clear the debris from a far corner and, still not saying a word, he wrapped himself in the blanket and lay down.
Peter gave him a once over. "Yeah, but feeling the way you do, you've got more to lose by not talking than by talking. And he seemed as weirded out as you did, now that I think about it. Tony, I don't think he'll blow you off. You gotta try."
Tony: I’m not doing so great with saying what I mean right now.
Tony: If it's ever over.
Still, as I turned to leave: "Steve."
Playing sans voir is apparently playing chess in your head. I knew some people could do it but I never knew what it was called.
The shape that emerged from the cloud of dust was painfully familiar – his powerful frame, his broad shoulders – but something there was out of place. Tony felt it more than he really detected it with his eyes. He hadn't seen Steve since Siberia, and he had wondered what the meeting would look like; because it would happen eventually – it had to. The world would force it on them. Tony hadn't envisioned it like this. He hadn’t thought he'd be struck speechless, desperately wishing for his suit, either of the metal or the cloth variant, anything; hell, even sunglasses would do. A layer of something to put between himself and his surroundings, a buffer, a screen. It wasn't necessarily bad, what he felt. It was too complicated to be either good or bad. It just felt too raw, like hot sand on irritated skin. He felt his breath hitch in his chest. He pulled the blanket tighter around him.
Thor grinned at him, not exactly managing levity. "Do you know what Kyrumption is, Iron Man?"
, he thought to himself, but vaguely. Except for the blackness, he felt completely empty.
? What the fuck did he
"All right then," Steve agreed. "I hope he tests out well." And he meant it too, for the first time since he entered Fury's office. Because the third thing in short supply in their ragtag, mish-mash band of survivors, was any real talent. In his mind, Steve ran through the test results of the cadets he'd already accepted into the program. Teachability was the best you could hope for in most cases.
Tony: Maybe the teensy little bit I just mentioned?
Tony: No!
Steve sprinted off towards Darryl and the rescue team.
Tony drifted awake, slowly. It was so warm and dark that for a moment he thought he was back home, but the surface under him was hard, and the shoulder-blades his face was pressed into were also hard and angular and he had his right arm thrown over someone big and muscular and hot like a small furnace. He froze. "Oh,
Steve picked that moment to look up at him with something in his eyes that, in someone else, would have been bordering on panic.
Tony: It feels like teeny tiny progress, but it fits with bigger progress on other fields of action, so I guess that's okay.
"I think I've just witnessed a new phenomenon", Reed had said. "When you plug yourself into the gate, you will most probably see
He moved away from me, then, turned to look me in the face. He was now staring at me with those big eyes behind those big glasses, and I didn't know what to do
Steve felt guilty immediately. So, he was sick. Well.
in Cap's hearing. It didn't matter that Hammer was insufferable and deserved it all; you always ended up looking worse when he was involved.
"Yeah?" Tony's voice was still hoarse from laughing, but something in Steve's newly serious tone made him pay acute attention.
Judging by Steve's expression, he didn't find it funny in the least. By the way his eyes darted to Tony's face, and then behind him, at the people standing around, he was very much aware they weren't alone. And probably felt very humiliated. And:
Tony arched an ironic eyebrow, but he was already falling in step with Steve, as they started toward the encampment. "Really, Steve?
him. And to think he'd almost looked forward to this event. All ridiculous, now. Unimportant. What was important was the darkness in his belly, and normally he'd grin and tell a story and be a center of attention in order to drown the noise in his head with more noise. And he will, soon, he will. He just needed...
you that war couldn't work."
Tony: Rogers?
Tony echoed in his head. Steve was obviously getting loopy again. While he didn't think a cold shock could permanently damage one's brain on a purely physical level, he didn't like what the repeated trauma – probably the biggest trauma of his fairly traumatic life – was doing to Steve. One moment he was talking to Tony, completely focused, the next he was spouting random words; could he be hallucinating? Was all of this too serious for Tony to handle, after all? He wished Bruce was here.
"Maybe," Tony said, "but I hardly think that the reindeer is anatomically correct, do you?"
Tony: That's because he's a really great guy.
But then Tony’s helmet retracted into his suit and, quick as a thought, he pecked Steve on the cheek and fled into the skies. It happened almost too fast to be properly appreciated, but the ghost of Tony’s lips still burned on Steve’s face like fire. No, not like fire. Like sweet, painful kiss of hot chocolate on your tongue when you’re too impatient to wait for it to cool off. And Steve stood, looking up, one hand raised in goodbye, long after Tony became just a distant speck in the sky.
Tablecloth. Think about the tablecloth, the one with Christmassy puppies; Morgan adored it. It was, however, a ridiculous things for two adult people to be having dinner on. Thank god Steve was here, though. Look at all this food. Imagine if Tony'd been alone; it would have been so depressive. But right now... it wasn't. He felt as far from depressed as he could get, and not just because he had company, but because it was
Tony frowned for a moment, then seemingly became aware of a couple of used tissues on top of the glove compartment. "They're not... ah. What it looks like, weirdly enough. " He paused. "And not
Steve was still gazing at him under lowered eyelids. “What’s wrong with my name?”
Something was brewing here. “Malibu?” Steve said lightly. “Been there once.” His lying liar of a voice seemed perfectly steady. As if Tony couldn’t feel his sudden tautness with his whole body.
Tony: You got the bastards sorted, though?
Tony: If you say 'nice', I'm hurling myself into Europa.
And there are a million possible answers, but instead of picking just one, Tony turns around and meets Steve's lips halfway. This time it's
Tony: Just pull through.
Tony: Steve? Are you still there?
Needily, Steve moans, not caring any longer, and bucks up, trying to follow his fingers, to pull them back in, somehow, to suck them into himself.
Tony: I know, buddy.
Tony: Well, that was that.
STARK: Oh, shut
"No," Nebula repeats, even more forcefully than before. "Not
Tony: Also, just as a point of interest, that TOO is strangely significant for such a small, shitty word. Might not want to omit it the next time.
Rhodey twisted his mouth wryly, finally taking notice of him. "Can you believe this?" he said, with a vague wave towards the conversation. "I can't land two minutes alone with my girlfriend the whole night. It's either someone wants to talk to her or someone wants to ask me for directions."
I’m too absorbed in my own business to even ask. I’m best on my own,” he concluded stiffly.
He couldn't bear to think how that was making him feel. Not right then.
"I'm thinking..." Tony began, and
STARK: [directly to Kostolitz] You weren't there when New York took place, right? I know you're a Nebraska boy. And you're young. But I'm sure there are many people here who
Tony: Apparently so, at least for now.
Carol and Pepper were engaged in an animated discussion about – Tony listened for a moment –
He’d never admit that, but he’d been a little nervous about this piste to begin with, even when he thought it was still an actual
Tony caught his studying look and arched an eyebrow at him. This wasn't accompanied with a smile. Steve fled to the appointed bedroom to dump his things, then, a minute later, he came back.
He swallowed. He'll have to deal with his feelings himself – and later.
easily, and dammit, Steve's hand is
that Tony let him believe him dead for so long.
for a year or two, and
"You can't bunk there." The dark haired pilot Tony knew only by her callsign, Valkyrie, was saying. "That's where Fandral used to sleep."
"Please, I will need the list at your earliest convenience," the woman said, all cool professionalism. Which was when she, seemingly, spotted Carol and the mask slipped, if for a second. "Oh dear god, you're Captain Marvel," she said, and her voice seemed to quiver for a moment; and then she fled the room.
Some of the tension left Steve’s shoulders at that, and he nodded. "I am. I won't let anything happen to him." With that, he straightened up and walked over to his general, smoothly maneuvering him away from the new armorers, who were beginning to look terrified.
"Is that what families do? I don't have much experience on that front."
Tony: I know, I'm not an idiot. I was just wondering.
because it seemed
And Tony knew the game, knew the voice, and as a couple walking by stopped to listen in, his automatic response was: "No luck there, Dingo. Besides, wombats are cute, have you even seen a wombat?"
Oh, god. All the Howard's stories. For Steve it was so recent and painful. How must he feel, right now, here, in this time.
Tony: So I made a ton of baba ghanoush, and now I don't know what to do with it?
"Oh, don't give away his bunk yet, Chief, he'll be back in no time," someone called out, and Tony didn't have to look back. It was Hammer, it was always Hammer. "He was kicked out of the pilot academy after only two months, did you know?" he informed the room at large. All around, the ears were pricking; a good piece of gossip was always appreciated.
"Hell, Steve," Tony murmurs in awe. "Your breast is rose-red."
. But to do that, he needed to actually challenge himself, otherwise he'd keep thinking about Rogers. "Wanna do full G today?" he asked, his fingertips hovering above the slide. Full gravity slamming you into your seat as you sped, a real simulation of what it would be like to fly. Tony felt anticipation build.
"Yes." Thor nodded.
, Tony hated playing cards, he’d never been any good at them.
"I don't want to read what he wrote," Tony said firmly. "If that's what you had in mind."
needed him. They needed anyone who could be taught to sit in the cockpit and not crash into the mothership while trying to turn
half was way more pathetic and he wouldn't disclose it to save his life; so what he settled for saying was: "Yeah, okay, Cap." It was really, really lame, and he'd managed to forget Steve had asked him not to call him 'Cap' too. This big hole that had grown in his stomach because of the man's painful absence couldn't really be considered
We do have a lot  of conversations, over the next days and weeks. This time around I find myself talking even more than he does on many occasions. Tony is pressing me for every detail, as if something depends on it. It's as if he's curious to find out as much as he can about this different life he could have had. About me and him, about our marriage. The how, the why, even the
So sincere, in fact, that Tony absolutely forgets where they are and why they are doing what they are doing. When they break apart, he is out of breath, and he spots the receptionist staring at them, her mouth hanging half-open.
"I can't catch anything," Steve said absently, then amended it to: "I never get sick, I mean."
It was the apologies he hated, dreaded. If only he could skip that part, possibly sit through a yelling, and then go get to scrubbing toilets or whatever. He took a deep breath. Knocked and stepped in. It was 7 a. m. sharp.
They slept. When they woke up, they did have a talk with Fury, who was amenable to the idea of Steve coming along, and who, as Tony later claimed, looked a bit taken with Steve, even. (To be precise, he grunted noncommittally at Tony's inquiries regarding Steve; Tony insisted this was a very good sign.)
He wasn't cut out for this. Not to lift the wreckage off of people who might be living or dead under it. Schrödinger's techs. Well, fuck that.
And Fury said,
"Yes," she says firmly. "And it's been twenty years," she adds with a touch of dry amusement, just to distract us all, I think. "You can stop calling yourself a
Tony: Were they any good?
The latest occurrence had been just hilarious, really. It had been around 7 pm, he surmised, when he slid into sticky sleep at his desk – it happened to him quite a lot of late. It was the kind of sleep from which you woke with glue in your eyes and a crick in your neck, and also with a vague memory of a dream in which your... in which
believe in his fundamental
Then the meaning of Steve's words penetrated. "Wait a minute, wait a
"Okay, I'm going to see if Hope's going home or coming with," Rhodey said and turned to go.
thought sent a mental hot shiver trough him all right. Steve's eyes went marginally wider at that very moment. Which was... interesting.
This is when, amid all the overripe sensation, Steve feels a shy, new pleasure start to build inside him. It can never take over, he thinks. It can never reach high enough, he thinks. He'll never come. He's slowly becoming aware of Tony's fingers, still inside him. They are almost still now, just filling him, but they are resting against his prostate wall, and then they begin their slow circling again, the tender massage. Tony's head still bobs up and down on him, never changing pace. The light sucking never gets harder. The lines of stinging fire inside his cock are all Steve knows for a time, although he supposes the dry, heaving breaths he hears must be his own.
between them. And now Tony was wearing that relaxed grin Steve hadn't seen in ages, and they were dancing together on an unlit balcony, and Quill's hand hovered in the air, just barely touching Tony's elbow. It was like a fist to the stomach. Steve turned around and strode out, back towards the ballroom, away,
He doesn't say two words to Steve.
, he thought.
, without delay, to take and be given
. We were good friends who shared an occasional fuck, for fun and comfort." It sounded so natural, the way he said it, and also entirely impossible. He paused, gave me a concerned frown. "You all right, there?"
Steve had come looking for Chief Petty Officer Jacobson because he didn't know what to think of Stark and he couldn't stop puzzling over him. He had a vague idea that consulting Stark's previous head of departmeent might help. But, upon not finding Darryl in his office, Steve had followed his gut and ended up in the illicit tech bar.
, Steve thought. (It was completely appropriate for the situation.) "I..." He picked up his courage; not saying anything would just make this more uncomfortable. "I thought that maybe you had fever. That's how my mom used to check." He shrugged defiantly, leaned back against the wall.
He brushed his teeth.
Steve looked him full in the face. “No, I...” he stated earnestly, before his voice hitched to a halt. He took a deep shuddering breath. Gave Tony an intense, meaningful look, imploring him to understand. Tugged at Tony’s belt, almost helplessly. Then: “You too,” he managed.
Tony: I really don't.
, it was too sudden, too soon. But the stinging abated in a second, and what was left was a desperate burning for
what scenarios he was construing in his head. In that, we are similar. I needed to tell him the truth before this misunderstanding got even more out of hand.
Tony: i'm going to hate every single second of it
He kept cursing himself afterwards, especially as he cast off the blankets the next morning,
They were standing side by side, shoulders touching, elbows touching; pretending as if it was nothing out of the ordinary to be standing so close to each other.
Steve, it turned out, felt better. He still wasn't up to his former strength, but he was not as woozy as yesterday, not as tired, and he overall had a feeling he could kick some serious ass without too much strain. Still, the door was still explosive, and they still had no other way out.
And he keeps thinking about that kiss at the airport. And their other kisses, long time ago now.
Tony: Yep. At least I think so.
have.) Tony had made Pepper a suit of armor – a weaponless one, and very functional for saving people from ruins; it was as basic and as beautiful as anything he'd ever made, really. And despite the fact that her identity wasn't public knowledge yet (to her affront, the media still kept calling her Iron Small and kept referring to her as a 'him'), she was now cheekily wearing a dress of red and silver that gleamed like metal and resembled her suit in everything but material. And, well, the cut. Still, a bold choice, Tony reflected. It was almost as if she wanted to be recognized, or at least speculated about. She moved differently than before too. He'd tried telling her superheroing was like a drug, but did she listen?
"You do love this place," he commented. I nodded. I was a bit sentimental perhaps, but what I actually loved about the place was the current company, and that's the plain truth.
me." As if they had all the time in the world to tell each other things, as if they wouldn't die in the next ten minutes or so. To his own ears, his voice sounded more tired and imploring than anything else.
Tony: Pepper's like that.
?" Tony repeated in sharp disbelief, but then he shook his head. "No, never mind that." He thought for a minute, then said, in wonder: "You love me, huh? Let no one tell you that you don't have excellent taste. God, I don't even know what I'm saying. Look, I..." He finally looked Steve square in the eyes. Took a deep breath, evidently made himself slow down. He stared at Steve. "I missed you too, you know."
times, though, the old resentment at the man kept fighting to win back its place in Tony's heart.
"I wouldn't mind it terribly," I said.
worked, and as Fury related how they had been relatively close and how they caught the signal and just shot over here with full 5.5G , whatever that meant – Tony's knees disappeared away from Steve's. Still, that
"Or Rhodey and Happy were using it as a frisbee."
Steve's first impulse was to say
for that."
Tony: And?
"Kurt?" Tony said. "Is he alive?"
"This," Tony now said, pointing at Fury's black leather coat, as if wanting to change the subject, "used to be brown."
"Okay," he whispered. "All right."
In any case, we took what felt like a vacation. A time for ourselves – for the first time ever, it felt like. I think Tony was giving me room to grieve. Me, I was giving him the time to adjust. It worked for both of us, I suppose. We went for long walks, and if the mornings were nice we went jogging together. We watched a lot of movies, ordered a lot of takeout, and, more than anything else, we talked. Never before had we taken the time to really talk to each other. It seemed the topics would never run out. Our past, our childhoods; parents, teachers, first crushes. Heartbreak. Loss. Pets.
anything. And for all that, Rogers was
all right?" Tony countered, because in those few steps it took Steve to get to him, Tony had suddenly realized what was striking him wrong. Steve moved stiffly. Like back in Siberia, there at the end, when he'd limped out.
She put both her arms around his neck and pressed herself against him briefly, then gave him the softest of pecks on the cheek and whispered: "Hey, Shellhead." And that was it, the moment of softness, come and gone, and when she pulled away, she was as unreadable as ever. But when Tony turned to Steve, she pinched his arm. Back to the playground, eh. She'd be taking his sand bucket next. Okay, so she was trying to tell him something, but Tony hadn't talked much to Nat of late, and he couldn't be sure what.
Tony: You still love me, right?
Tony stared at it for a time. His lips moved almost mutely, and if not for the serum, I wouldn't have been able to hear his faint whisper:
Tell me you're still there."
And a thought that was colder but also more even-handed, was:
often does, at any rate, even if he'd never admit it. Or is this something else? Did he read the situation wrong? Is Steve backing out? Or is he kindly giving
Steve's arms rose as if he was going to grab Tony and pull him close. Then they fell back down. "Yes, Tony," Steve said softly. "I find you very attractive."
"Steve, oh my god," Tony breaths. And then, in a firmer voice. "All right. But look down. I want you to watch."
"You could kind of support me, I guess?" Tony admitted reluctantly, and Steve jumped to it.
Something like that. Try to figure things out. I want to... Do you know the principles on which the BARF is based? Never mind. Look, I want to create a shitton of memories,
Tony waited.
Tony: Get in trouble. Really.
Tony laughs out; the sound is high-pitched and tense. "Terrible? No, Steve, it wouldn't be
On that one occasion, when everyone else had gone to bed, he and Tony had sat and talked about public appearances – it was one of the rare occasions they didn't bicker or tease. And – although it was hard to believe, now, that he had once had that kind of easy conversations with Tony – Steve had said how he had been nervous at first, when he went traveling with his show, way back when; but one of the dancers had taught him to look about half a foot above the heads of the audience, and no one could ever figure it out, no one would notice; and he could pretend none of them were there. Tony, on the other hand, had a trick to pick a series of random people in the audience, unknown people, to look them straight in the eye and smile, almost flirtingly, as if that person was the most important man or woman in the whole world. And then to switch to the next one, and so on.
Unexpectedly, something is pressed into his perineum, firmly, almost too hard. Steve recognizes the pommel, twisting, turning; digging in at the very edge of actual pain, at the very edge of too much. But then it's like a whole new orgasm rushes to the surface in the middle of his old one, and it floods all his senses and his body is shaking violently, and his prostate sings.
And now his new captain had to overhear his preteen catfight with Justin. A lovely first impression, Tony thought, on top of Tony's wild reputation from back home and the fact that the Captain most probably knew about his expulsion from the Military Aviation Academy.
Tony swallowed any further comments.
"I can't see who, because of the smoke," Steve said, as he emerged into a clearer area. "Here. Oh good, Gale's got him now. He says it's Kurt Kowalsky?"
"Groups – that's how we do it at home too, as a matter of fact" Thor seemed to be back in his full jovially-rumbling mode. "Heroes travel in bands, and the bands do everything together. Fight together, drink together. You cannot disband a band of friends." Thor pursed his lips at his own words, shot an apologetics look at Tony, and it took him a split second to add: "Not when I am here, at least." Thor looked the woman in the eye and let his best smile melt slowly all over his face,  but she seemed unusually immune to his charms.
"What's with the hands, Cap?" Tony muttered. Belatedly, Steve seemed to realize this was weird. He stepped back and cleared his throat uncomfortably.
Tony: I just got a call. It happened. He seems... more placid than Brucey tended to be in his day. Just sits there. He's not talking. They don't know if he can turn back into Ross or not, or what his triggers are or anything. But he doesn't seem to be an immediate threat.
Now in actual good fun, Tony looked up through his lashes at him. "For a run? With you?" His tone was playful. Which – yes, a mistake, most probably.
He was in a perfect position to shake Steve by the shoulders, but he stopped himself right there. He was – as he was very much aware – also in a perfect position to press his lips against Steve's, just to ascertain he was really there, really alive. Just to try and get out at least a
A bit earlier, Steve had left Thor chatting with Storm (
Tony: I'm so infuriated, you've no idea.
way better than I ever got to know him. I talk with you. I spend every waking hour with you, more or less. How could I not fall in love with you?" I was speaking more and more vehemently, but then I decided to shut up. "I'm sorry, Tony," I added with some defiance, "but that's how it happened, and there's nothing I can do about it now. I..." I wanted to say we could perhaps go back to the way we were, but, I thought, we probably couldn't.
Tony: C'mon, buddy. Words.
"I... a bit," Steve said. "But, ah, I didn't exactly stop fighting, you know. Never mind that I... Just street level stuff. A bit. I've been calling myself Nomad. You'll probably say it's melodramatic as hell." He sighed. "I couldn't..."
been. Tony wasn't stupid.
"Everything happens somewhere," I said, not even stopping to think. "Somewhere out there, a Tony is alive, and he comes back home to a Morgan, who is waiting for him."
light. This sobered him up a bit. He half-rose on an elbow.
know."
Just... He needed a moment. He needed
"Aw, come on, I can take it."
"A lot," I finished lamely.
Tony: Oh. Him.
The sensation in his ass: now there is no coldness any longer, just the unyielding fullness inside, and the slow, tormenting massage of his prostate that's – he could be mistaken, but – that's getting a bit harder now from second to second, barely perceptibly. A tiny, slow circle after circle, exerting just a sliver more pressure every time. And Steve is distantly aware he is sweating, and shivering slightly, and all he wants is to somehow buck up and impale himself and feel the impac to the full again, but if he lie still, maybe he'll get it eventually, maybe he'll get what he wants.
Tony: I'll stop bothering you now. I hope you're okay.
Tony shook his head some more, because that was all he was capable of, and he wondered, incoherently, if Steve could see it at all, with the super-serum and everything.
"And, er, tossing platforms at people", Steve said, in a feeble attempt at humor that couldn't mask his enormous relief, at least from Tony. Steve held out his hand, and Peter shook it.
Tony: I just acknowledged you were right. Can't we appreciate that for a moment?
"You don't have to tell me," he said calmly, soberly. "About the academy. But if you ever wanted to, I'm interested to hear the story."
Steve is still laughing silently two minutes later. "How old are you?" he asks, trying to sound all serious and adult and failing miserably.
Tony: Verbose.
, Fury had said. Well, Steve hoped so too; he intended to try. With a firmer hand, maybe, or... He had to keep his distance and try different approaches, try kindness, maybe, too. It worked with many people and it took least effort of all, for Steve.
I also got to my feet. Laid a palm on his biceps to slow him down, fully expecting him to shake it off, but it stopped him in his tracks instead. He looked back at me, expectantly. "Tony?" I said softly. "Where are we going?"
"Running's fine." He forced a shrug. He'd hated every second of every minute that it took him to cast off the pretty blankets at 4.30 a.m., and put his feet down onto the icy floor, and splash water into his grainy eyes; other than that, it was fine, yeah.
Tony didn't know what to say to that, so he opted for being practical. "I'll send you the costume, then."
, Tony thought. Well, fine, I can do it that way too, he decided acidly.
"No, I don't, but he could at least answer his phone."
"And?"
I shook my head. "No... I'm tempted to, sort of, but I won't, of course."
He just nodded. Some of his unhappiness must have shown on his face – he never knew how to hide it from Tony, anyway – because Tony paused, as if to say something else, but then he changed his mind and turned to go.
Tony: Since when you all moved into the Tower. Since we got closer, I guess.
Steve just shrugged.
"To keep you occupied, of course." Tony could hear the smile in Cap's voice,
Tony wants to ask, but it's not a fair question. He needs to give something. Needs to do anything to change this peculiar impasse.
, you were sent to us like a
"Well, you could have said something too. I did say I was going to miss you. You brushed it off."
Tony: No, not anxiolytics, no.
"Group, actually. Singular." Tony was beginning to wonder if you were supposed to tip staff in royal palaces, and if this was all due to the fact that he hadn't.
instead, now, here. I
"Just a quick word."
Tony: Because I think we should probably try to talk about shit for once.
"You do that."
a little awkward to walk like that.
One moment Tony was warm, mellow even – which had immediately mellowed Steve in turn, he realized with chagrin –  just to grow cold again in a matter of minutes. Back and forth, back and forth. Like a pendulum. For a few beats there it had been almost homey, sitting there, talking to Tony; more normal then their normal. And then back to the stand-offish, all guards on positions, man the cannons.
Tony: Baby, I live and breathe migraines.
With care, Steve put the photo back on the shelf. "No?" This wasn't what Tony said the last time they tried talking about it. Given, he'd been exhausted and emaciated and not at his most rational, surely; still, every word he'd said had hit Steve like a perfectly aimed arrow. It had lodged in his heart and stayed there.
"Where do I get the costume?"
Steve had no idea how to address it, though, except to try again what he'd been trying so far. Distance himself. Be rational. Not let the... sensual part of him, so to speak, take control. Because Stark was
He frowned slightly, as if preparing to ask me something, but I just went on thumbing through the journals. I showed him one sketch after another, through the years. From them, you could see how I got to know his face better, how I got more skilled at catching those fleeting expressions in his eyes.  There was a drawing of him fighting an Ultron-inhabited suit with an ice-pick. Done after the fact, obviously, in rough, quick, vehement strokes.
Steve smiled a minuscule smile. “It often ended there, yes.”
"Basically yes. Exactly. I need your capacity for eating everything in the vicinity. So, that's a yes?"
things with him. Aloud, with words. Using voice. But he had to.
He stared at his cell. He stared at the skies. He hoped Pepper was not crazy enough to try and drive in this weather.
"You sit
"Where are my clothes?" Steve suddenly asked, as if reading Tony's mind. And then, almost as a non-sequitur, "My ears are ringing." He was getting that far away look in his eyes again, and for a moment he blinked at Tony in confusion before he appeared to refocus.
Steve.
do or say is cheesy and tacky."
I wanted to say, but in the end I said nothing. Wordlessly, I took a handful of photos from my wallet and passed them to her.
Opening and closing of the door. Rogers had fled the room. What was left was emptiness.
"Am I going too fast for you, Rogers?" Tony asked dryly, deftly undoing the blanket and letting it slip to the floor. "Want to try casually dating for a couple of years instead?"
, or Cap, or Mighty Superior or something like that. Not Steve,
"I said I'm not sleepy," Tony cut him off before Steve tried to give the blankets back, as he probably would out of stupid nobility, and limped away to the other side of the cell.
Well, outright rejection certainly stung worse than an implied one, but this way at least he
He was acutely aware of Rogers, just inches away, holding onto his handle. He heard a tiny gasp as he turned the faux flyer to the right, then ninety degrees upwards, then overhead, performing a near perfect somersault – ending up on the virtual enemy's tale. He released a round of ammo. He knew these moves well, although they had yet to sink into his bones.
A noncommittal huff. “You said: ‘You should come over to Malibu sometimes, Cap. Shoot some pool, go for a swim. How about the next weekend?” His Tony-voice wasn’t half so bad, actually.
"I just dropped...
Angry at himself, he hurried to the bathroom, picking up the candle along the way, to check if there were any antibiotics in the locker (there were, as well as paracetamol and ibuprofen and an assortment of other useful stuff, all miraculously within the expiration date – must be the work of Tony's 'people' whose missives about the cottage the man apparently never read).
Tony had a strong suspicion this wouldn't have worked had anyone else said it. But as it was, the woman shot Carol a furtive and completely unprofessional starry-eyed look, then nodded. "That makes my job a little easier, if anything," she admitted. As she turned to go, she hesitated for a moment, then spun back on her heel, a suggestion of an almost cheeky smile on her lips.
it could be, if only Steve felt the same... But he wouldn't let his mind go down that lane, not now. Just a few minutes later, a packet of lube in hand, they were kissing again, and then Tony prodded Steve to turn around. Steve put both hands against the wall and bent forward.  The outline of his back, his ass, the back of his head – it made Tony want to scream with wanting, with need. He wanted to
"Two weeks," I said dully. There were the eleven days between the battle and the funeral – the funeral actually being laying of the ashes – and you could give or take a day or two spent in the quantum realm, taking the stones back to their proper locations, etc.
, with no preconceptions, with no...
"So, we getting a pension plan or what?" Scott peeped up, with a toothy grin, and Tony laughed out. This gained him a short, sharp look from Rogers, while Scott somehow got a suppressed but amused smile.
Natasha now stirred Tony around, away from the guards, while they waited for Bruce to finish scrying for magical residues. The door between the sleeping chamber and the solar had served as a portal to another place, he told them as they stepped out into the corridor and towards their communal drawing room. Once there, the wizard went on to explain the details, but all the while Tony nudged and prodded Natasha to finish donning her armor. He was already wearing his, of course. He practically slept in the thing.
"Nope, not everyone has your war XP."
, he thought. Gales and Dales finally did  it. They were probably working on the next prank, and they tampered with something they weren't supposed to tamper with. They were pros, most of them. They should have known better. But no, of course they wouldn't – they all thought they knew what they were doing and that it was
," Tony said, although it fell short of a real retort.
"You?" Steve asked after what seemed like enough time for a birth and death of a star. "Okay?"
I know nothing about chess. Nothing. So, basically, I'm stealing a famous game from here: http://www.chessgames.com/perl/chessgame?gid=1011478
"I know," I said.
There wasn't any way Tony could have, though; that much Steve knew.
did they do to you?" he growled at Steve (unjustly, he knew).
Tony: Because it's Natasha, ffs.
Tony tore his eyes away from the food and peered through the door. "Nope," he decided. "You look
going to have this after tonight – this moment of easy camaraderie amidst wanna-be angry sex – and how
That was just it: I wasn't sure. "Haven't decided yet," I said, and added, "ma'm", just for good measure.
Hand-rubbing sounded unduly interesting to Steve. But not just that. The... genuine care – ha had no other word for it – in Tony's voice was unraveling something inside him. He'd met many people since he'd come here, and some were really kind, and more of them were just people, a mixed bag of good and bad, and you had to do your best to see the good parts because otherwise you'd go crazy. Still, his loneliness in this time, in this place, was a proud beast that held its ground. Sometimes it would lie low, but it was mostly just lurking, ready to pounce, never withdrawing completely.
Very gently, Steve put his foot back down. "Well," Tony said, out of pure revenge for being made to feel all this, "that sure did a lot of good." He felt like a piece of shit immediately afterwards, as Steve reflexively lowered his eyes, although, practically speaking, the action made no difference. His facial expression could change from open and earnest to stoic and closed up in a fraction of a second. It drove Tony crazy. This time it also made him feel a lot like a villain. "When we get out of here," he said, almost mildly, "the first thing I'm going to do is have Helen Cho take a look at your eyes." He liked it better when Steve retorted than when he apparently felt stupidly guilty over the fact he couldn't create a splint for Tony's foot out of goodwill and stale air or whatever. "Maybe Helen can, ah..."
, was the word at the tip of his tongue. Yes, he'd seen Steve's bad side, his stubborn side and a whole lot of very human faults. Everyone had those, and Tony dismissed them out of hand. In a  greater sense, he realized, despite all that, he thought Steve was this wholly wonderful human being. So, it was infatuation. So what? Perhaps his awareness of Steve's faults meant Tony's feelings for him were more mature. Or, then again, maybe it didn't. In any case, he could hardly come up with someone he would rather have at his side. Yes, after everything.
. Tony'd seen him do it to other cadets on numerous occasions – hands on shoulders, even comforting pats on hands if someone couldn't complete an assignment or got panicky about the whole world-as-we-know-it-is-probably-dead-and-I'm-supposed-to-fight-the-scary-machines-that-did-it-??? issue. (Everyone got a bout of that from time to time, it was normal.)
"I honestly didn't think this would work," the blond said and waved his hand around vaguely. The bodies of unconscious men strewn around looked somehow merry and in the spirit of the season.
Tony: Don't be an idiot!!!
Tony: Why didn't I know he could do this? I coulda used him before.
Tony: Steve, what the hell am I going to do with a red hulk and an army of traumatized or criminal-minded hulklings if it turns out I'm the one to have to deal with them?
Tony thought he must have imagined the weird reaction. His senses were probably all over the place. Besides, they were sitting here, practically cuddling... “No, not really.” No, not
Steve was the first to break the silence. "What do you
He jumped out of bed, to the background noise of angry, sleepy mutters of his dorm mates. There was nowhere to pace, here. If he hadn't been at war with the tech, he might have gone down to the landing bay to fiddle around with something. It always helped settle his nerves.
, and Steve seemed to bump into him all the time, and Stark always had something smartmouthed to say – to Steve or in front of Steve – and then there were those looks that could burn through anything like hot lava (like hot chocolate, Steve thought, inconsequentially). Steve didn't know what to do with the way that made him feel. The more he tried to keep away, the more drawn to the man he was.
Peter shrugged. "Oh, you know, I didn't want to marry you or anything Just thought we could have a bit of fun before I go." And then, after a second's thought. "
Tony could make Steve laugh.
Tony: But of COURSE it is.
Tony: so, basically, it's safest to simply go with 'woman'
Tony noticed the first name, that slipped from Cap's lips so naturally. There was something profoundly noticeable about it. His own misplaced reactions to Steve were starting to seriously grate on his nerves too. Not the time; not the place.
Tony: I might have to revise my honesty policies with my friends after this mess is over.
Tony: Listen, I want the coordinates. Of where you go. Next time you are on a mission. ALL the next times.
, specifically, that made a difference. For some reason Tony's brain wanted to hear what the guy would say more than Tony wanted to hear himself talk.
With an abrupt motion, he pushed Steve’s hand away from his cock. Which was when, with a barely audible “To hell with it,” Steve buried his fingers to the hilt. Tony could hear his patchy, loud breathing, could feel the hot breath scorch his knee.
Everything happens somewhere. There is an infinite number of timelines, an infinite number of possibilities; the forks in the road are innumerable. The point isn't that a butterfly wing here may cause a hurricane there. The point isn't that a coin, randomly dropped on the street, may change history, or
Tony: She just looked at you in a funny way.
"I think I'm ready."
– off came the top.
Tony straightened, suddenly focusing, He banished all the disjointed thoughts and emotions that were pestering him, clearing his mind for this very important piece of information.
Tony considered leaving a note for Steve to lock up, and just sneaking out and flying off. At least that way he would be the one to go. That way, at least, he wouldn’t have to wonder.
instead of the other way around. Wait, that probably sounded wrong."
Peter's eyebrows slowly rose, higher and higher, as if something suddenly dawned on him. "Cap? Really?"
"Well, he sure looks it." Something in that statement sat wrong with him, even though he couldn't quite put his finger on it. Steve considered for a moment. "The way he inspired the other cadets to run," he went on slowly. "To... work together, to actually do something, achieve something – I mean, I know it's just a silly game, but it's still very good exercise. And it got the old pilots and the cadets to do something together."
Tony jumped to his feet. Then he reconsidered the hasty decision, because the food was down there, on the table, and so was the wine, and he could better hide behind food and wine. Still – he wasn't sure he wanted to hide anything right then. He drummed his fingers on the table, decided sitting back down would make things even worse, then went over to the fireplace, taking care not to step on the sleeping dog's tail. He leaned against the mantel.
"Yeah," Steve agreed. "Pretty much." Darryl nodded. Steve nodded back. The silence stretched. Every pause was just a tad longer than necessary. Uncomfortable, Steve wondered if he should just get up and leave. Still, the conversation seemed to be going on despite both their wills, so he decided it would be rude to smile and nod and get lost. "So he didn't cause you any trouble?" he asked because he now felt somehow obliged to keep going.
“Ready,” he managed through the tight throat.
And so the conversation strayed and meandered on, away from Natasha's question. The crisis was averted. Tony wasn't in the mood for heart-to-hearts with anyone, honestly. Well, maybe Rhodey (definitely Rhodey), but Rhodey was still stationed on the other ship, and Tony still had no means of contacting him outside of an emergency. He highly doubted his moping would be considered an emergency any more than what they were wearing under the fatigues could be called panties.
Tony: I conveniently forgot you and Natasha did something of the sort a few years back, honestly, so I thought you were going to go all judgy on me.
From someone else, that might have been fishing for denial:
We spent most of that day in conversation. First we sat in the kitchen for a longest time and talked, then we went for a walk and found a place to have lunch, and then we came back home for coffee, and it was as if we would never run out of things to say to each other.
Natasha shrugged, toweling her face off and, Steve suspected, laughing to herself. "Never mind. Look, I'm off to take a shower, see you later."
Steve's reflection tries to hold back that smile of his, but it escapes and spreads over his face, and Tony wants to kiss all of that smile, very badly.
Tony: Hell, I don't know, Steve. We are the folks that used to hang out with a Norse god, who once went to seek enlightenment in a mystic pond. I mean, why not this? Whyever the hell not? Eh?
"The functionality of the elevator is dependent on the equilibrium of the gravitational fields, both the one it's departing from and the one it's arriving into."
Tony: And I know the full story of what happened with Bruce.
But those were just appearances; Steve knew to take them with a grain of salt. And what he was seeing now appeared to clash with Stark's public image so badly Steve had to blink twice, wondering if this was just a doppelganger. Bleary, baggy eyes. Unkempt hair. The guy looked like he hadn't slept in days. Empty coffee cups strewn around the passenger and back seat like a derelict mosaic. Also, the man was wearing a ratty black T-shirt... Seriously, he was driving in short sleeves
Tony, you need to get to know
happen in Madripoor. What didn't happen was, the Avengers didn't interfere. What didn't happen was, the Avengers didn't enter another sovereign country without an explicit permission from the said country [mutters indistinguishably]. What didn't happen was... [quietly: who wrote this shit anyway?]
The words almost gushed out of his mouth, but he checked the flow for a moment, tampered it down.
"Just... you know, a
," Steve said after a moment. "These are horrible."
It almost felt more natural than Tony was comfortable with. That was... unexpected.
, and he would say,
Tony: As I said, that's your basic strategy.
That was Tony, finally,
, dammit. Then Thor fires away, and Spidey and Star-Lord attack from the back, and the fight is suddenly moving to the other side of the field.
Steve had reined them in. And that was almost easier too. He neatly convinced himself that he'd never have a chance with Tony, how could he. And then it was practically the same as before, the quiet longing, always there. He was used to it by now, and it was almost comforting. Whatever happened, he had that tiny patch of comfort in his chest, knowing Tony was out there; just knowing it was enough. (There was also a permanent,  sheer terror that something would happen to Tony, but that was a different story.)
Steve leaves Tony with his daughter and his ex-wife, but as he looks back over his shoulder, their eyes meet and Tony mouths 'later'. Steve is overwhelmed with an unsolicited, warm idea that all the laters could possibly be theirs from now on. He supposes he is crazy. Oh well.
Tony: Looking back at it now? For the most part, a mess of unfortunate circumstances slapped together, and no one really talking to anyone else.
I took him in my arms then and told him he didn't have to ask. He buried his face into my neck, and for a moment I thought he was crying, but he wasn't. I honestly think he was too exhausted to bother.
"Don't touch yourself," Tony tells him next, a bit sharper this time. Experimenting. He's not sure what the rules of the room entail exactly. If Steve did touch himself, would he results count?
anyone." (Steve very much wanted to deck someone, but felt instantly guilty about it.)
"Tony?"
me now."
An unexpected snort of laughter escaped Steve, and it seemed to break the spell, Steve grabbed him by the waist, pulled him closer, his palm now a solid presence at the small of Tony's back. Their chests were touching, and the stomachs and groins were burning against each other. His thoughts fled for a time, as he turned his face up to capture Steve's lips. The kiss was white hot and solid and so full of heart Tony thought he would cry. If he wasn't in Steve's arms he might have slumped to the floor, which, on second thought, wouldn't have been so bad either.
"What
. No. The
Steve liked his voice, though.
,” Tony said, with far more fierceness than he’d intended. He practically felt Steve’s next shiver vibrate through his own bones. He scooted a little closer, reached up. He needed to focus his will just to raise his hand, but he squeezed Steve’s shoulder over the blanket, and then tried to give him a clumsy, one-handed rub. And by now he was pretty sure his senses weren’t deceiving him. Because Steve leaned into the touch, he
Rhodey opened his mouth to say something, then apparently changed his mind, hissed: "
"Hey," I said, "do you want to get shawarma instead?"
And his next thought was accompanied with inner arching of an eyebrow.
What do I know about timefog?, he mused. I know it appears around the portals that are, yay, spewing the yet-unnicknamed alien creatures I am contractually obligated to fight. The substance: unrecognizable. Hallucinogenic? Maybe. Permanent effects? I've no fucking idea.
He considered the note for a moment, then crumpled it in his hand and threw it across the room into the paper bin (it was a perfect hit).
, in Tony's mind.
“Yes?”
And since she's not coming – well, here we are, right?"
"I assume you haven't got a packet of lube on you either?" Tony said. "Well, statistically speaking, someone has too have one."
anything wrong, to be honest. He'd just asked his question and then let Tony interpret his silence any way he wanted.
Steve was still tense, though.
"Tony?"
I couldn't stand to see him in pain. "Maybe, if you called Pepper and talked to her, maybe you could still..." I began, clawing my heart out from my chest, tossing it in the dirt and casually stepping on it so that Tony wouldn't notice it was there at all.
Tony: I'm a little better now. I was just getting kind of overwhelmed in there.
"Steve?" she asks again, but this time it's not Steve-is-that-really-you, it's rather Steve-what's-wrong, so I force myself to let go of her and I try to smile. Her face is a shock, not because she looks older, although she does, but because I didn't think I'd ever get to see it again. Her high cheekbones are even more prominent, but the eyes look softer around the edges. She is lovely. Years sit well with her. Late fifties or early sixties, I'd say. She's still Natasha, and my eyes are bleary with tears.
Tony gave him a long, speculative look. "You know, I tended to agree with you, but now I don't really."
you all right?"
I told him about the Ancient One from my past, and how she opened the passage through the quantum realm for me. Tony looked disappointed. "I hoped I'd perfected that GPS system in your timeline. Oh, well. I guess we'll need to find either that Ancient One person or Strange."
Tony: yeah
Then, after what seemed like ages, in tones that would have been conversational hadn't his voice been slightly choked: "Cap, what are you doing?"
Steve pulled himself to his full height. He had a determined slant to his mouth. "You already know what I think about wasting time and not making a good use of the moment I am given. And not kissing you tonight would be a waste of time." He kissed Tony again, then, and this time it was deep and thorough and not shy at all.
Tony: Well, now at least I know I'm not crazy.
"Yeah, yeah. I know."
"Finger, please", the medic was saying sharply.
"Hey," I said, and I think I sounded guarded despite my attempt at some kind of casual cheerfulness.
My heart constricted. "Yeah?"
be said, even if he didn't mean it too deeply.
Tony snorted. “Do I ever?”
"I miss you, Natasha," he says softly.
Tony: Is it sick that I find it kinda heartwarming that you get angry at me for what you perceive as my self-harmful behavior?
The only thing was, Tony still was who he was. You couldn't have your neighboring king's outlawed son lead your armies, at least not openly. The facade was flimsy enough, but for all the official purposes, Tony still had to be Iron Man in the field. Otherwise, Stark of Northumbria would, as honor demanded, have to claim insult. These things tended to start wars. And it simply wasn't worth going to war for. They had enough bloodshed as it was. Hence the battle names. Hence the whole Black Widow and Hawkeye business too. In Steve's service, you didn't have to have origins, you didn't have to have a family name or blood of that certain shade of aristocratic red. You could let your visor down, and pick a code name, and be who you are. Which was... it was
Tony: No, seriously, what happened? I mean. You kissed, right. Otherwise it isn't even a date. It's sightseeing. She a good kisser?
Tony: It's not safe for you here right now. We'll have to come up with a way to circumnavigate that. But later.
dawning,
Tony would let him go and he'll cherish the memory of this short time they'd spent together, and, ultimately, that was all that he could have in the end.
"I see it!" he yells into the phone in order to be heard over the din. No intro is needed. The masonry is raining down, and everyone is running in the opposite direction from Steve. Of course he knows why Tony is calling.
Tony: I know.
"Problem?" Steve squeaked, cleared his throat, then raised his eyebrow in an attempt to salvage the effect. (It didn't work, though, a squeak was still a squeak.) His hand resting on Tony's hip, Steve's thumb was rubbing searing heat into Tony's flesh. It was at the same time gentle, barely a brush of skin against skin, and impertinent, almost proprietorial.
Well. Tony was an ally, of sorts. A useless one, old and soft and mostly drunk. Steve had sent him away so that he wouldn't get in the way. If he stayed on, all he was going to do was be a nuisance. The worst of it was, Steve was probably right. And so Tony was here, tinkering away. Doing the only thing he knew how. Hoping against hope to finish in time. Because, even if he wasn't a perfect ally, he did have allies of his own. Or used to.
Tony snorted. "Okay, that's worse."
"Do you really have to stay?" Tony shot back, on the offense now, without allowing Steve a moment to take a breath. His eyes were ablaze, as if he were saying
to think, after the way Tony had acted yesterday? He stopped for a breath. Because, if this half-assed attempt at reparations was going to fail, it’d better fail in a blaze of glory, not over the stupidest case of miscommunication in history.
– and sometimes it was peaceful and warm and sad, and sometimes it was turbulent and jagged, but never too little, never cold or indifferent
"Chaste is okay.
"Yes. I think. Because, see, otherwise I'd have to think he refused me because of
old TV show..."
“Let me guess. In field hospitals?”
hour with Steve,
Tony: I know this is entirely subjective, but you know how I felt in those months before we started talking? And afterwards too. I felt like I'm not worthy of anyone's time. I didn't count. I was okay to leave behind. Even though I made my choices, obviously; that's still how I felt. I just didn't matter. And you know what, I was beginning to accept the fact. I was making my peace with it.
he'd turned him down. "Just don't."
"I wouldn't think I'd need an ego boost, but apparently I did. Thank you, Handsome."
Tony laughed out. "So, he guessed it was me, then."
Tony: And I'm not going to be not smart about this, don't worry.
Steve imagines he can convey everything he thinks, he feels, with that one word. He's only fooling himself, of course, but that's all he got.
. The snowpack did seem pretty compact, but at that angle...” He shot a look at Tony, then shut up mid-sentence. Considered. “You didn’t
"So? You guys having fun?" And it was fake, it was all fake. Tony's eyes told a different story, whatever it was, and for the life of him Steve couldn't figure out what it was Tony was doing, or
Steve shook his head. It took Tony a moment to remember what he was replying to. No more hot chocolate, then. “We should probably go,” the man said, and Tony could do nothing as he watched him draw back into his shell again, like he’d been doing the whole time. Try, reach out, get disappointed, retreat. As if they were looking for each other in a fog, extending their hands and missing by a few inches, ever missing. Tony seemed to say the wrong thing, always; he skated around the
“I’d tell you if I was. I’m not an idiot.”
The resulting smile was a little lopsided. “I don’t know, Tony. Is it anything like snowboarding?”
"No, he doesn't," the robber piped up hastily. "No he doesn't because this is not me." Then she – because, going by the voice, Billy D. was evidently female – paused, as if she just heard what she'd said. "Uh..." she began, backing away, but by then it was too late. In two quick steps Tony ate the distance and disarmed her easily. He was wasting his moves, really. By that point, the robber's body language was practically begging him to take the gun already.
Steve didn't hesitate even a moment. "Plausible deniability?"
The medic seemingly gave another order. Steve tried to argue, but the medic insisted, waving her hand at Steve's damaged suit. Up until now, Tony had been fixated on his face, on the alert eyes and the vivid facial expression that better than anything else told him Steve was essentially okay. Right? But now Tony took in the whole scene
with me, back then," he said.
"Sorry. Too late. It's been named now. Nothing you can do about it." Reed had paused. "You got it for him so bad," he had said. "Don't you?"
Tony had pictured Rogers behind a miles-long desk, with impassive face and stapled fingers, dishing out punishments like a clerk at the entry-level of Hades. He found the man all flustered, in a sweaty T-shirt, wiping his face with a towel. Practically radiating heat.
A huff. "Fine, be like that."
Tony: i'm getting a headache
him, I just wished I'd seen him enjoy some simple happiness.
Purposefully, Steve walked to Tony's door. At the last moment, he changed his mind and went into the next room.
Tony: There's such a thing as too much credit, Cap.
Tony thought he had made his peace with that, during the night. He didn't know why it suddenly seemed unbearable, but decided – once again – to act as normally as possible.
"Are you shitting me?" Tony snarled as he wrestled a torch out of the hands of a particularly big fella that was going to set fire to the stable thatching; the red knight ran the man through with his bastard-sword in an unusual show of viciousness. "The Pengs are now working with the half-giants out of Wales
"Um..." Banner started, looking around in mild confusion, and Tony felt immediately sorry for him.
Tony: God, Steve, are you actually dictating? You are completely falling to pieces right now, aren't you? I've never heard you this incoherent.
Tony: I want to cry.
He leaned over the passenger seat to open the window. And he wasn't crazy either. He was in the middle of nowhere, alone, at night. He had one hand on the suitcase that could easily turn into his Mark V suit. He was prepared, even though the said hand was a bit quivery with exhaustion.
seem hopelessly stuck in the eighties.
Steve peeled the sleeve off. It wasn't stuck to his arm, but it nevertheless reminded Tony of a second layer of skin. He sucked in some air, audibly, in sympathy. Underneath, the skin was red and looked a bit raw, but it wasn't really that bad. With a little care it would be all right. The medic nodded once, to herself. For a moment she almost looked as if she was going to smile at Steve, but then she changed her mind. "I'm going to give you a little something for the pain, anyway, even if it's not all that bad," she said, and before Steve could say anything, she unceremoniously stuck the shot into his upper arm .
. Steve had longed for his voice, but now it sounded somehow distant, as if he was drawing away from the whole situation.
"Aw, lay off, Barton," he snapped, more crossly then he'd intended. "The kid's gotta sleep somewhere."
"Sure," I said, and while we walked over to the other nissen hut that was filled with our salvaged stuff, I laid a palm on his back, just for comfort, and he leaned into it slightly.
But Bruce said new timelines came into being all the time. What did it matter? Every major decision, every significant point in time, created a divergence. In one timeline a war started, perhaps; in a parallel one, it didn't. Things like that. Even personal decisions can have a diverging effect. Not what you had for breakfast, I suppose, but something that created ripples in your personal universe.
Tony: Probably not.
was there, sure enough; plenty of affection too, and a truckload of respect. Sharon was a very dear friend. He knew he was deluding himself, though. He needed a momentary escape from pain, just something else that would stir his emotions, and it didn't happen. Of course it didn't. You can't start feeling something just because you
He was momentarily saved from having to reply by the announcer's assistant poking her head in through the door (the announcer guy was too important to do it himself, apparently).
Tony: but people, yeah, okay, you can also say people. You believe in individuals, blah blah.
"Listen, though," he said. "Are you in a hurry? I mean – what are you doing here? Are you on a mission or...? Did you need me to do something for you?"
"Clint won't talk."
The key was not to make a big deal out of this now. He rolled off of Tony, lay on his back, the wet sand a sharp irritant under his skin. He breathed in and out and let himself disappear a little inside his own icy pit.
Tony: It works in whatever the hell way I tell it to work. And now you sound like my aunt.
Natasha inclined her head for a moment, raising an eyebrow, as if debating this with herself. "Perhaps. But would he still take part if someone else was the leader?"
Unhurriedly, Tony pulls his finger out, reaches for the lube, adds more. And then it's the new coldness against his hole. The muscles are pretty lose by now. Still, the stretchy pain is there, perpetuating the agony of want in his cock. And, true to his promise not to be gentle, Tony chooses to push his fingers in side by side, twisting them first to the one side, then to the other, as he forces them deeper in. Steve catches himself
I step through the portal without much preamble. The coin drops.
, she thought. There wasn't, however, either time or need for her to intervene. Tony was by his side in two seconds flat. He dismounted with a surprising grace and not so surprising haste. As Thor, Natasha and Clint guarded them, he helped Steve down; then, with Thor lending a hand, he lifted him onto his own horse, Jarvis, and mounted behind him. Two grown men, one of them in full armor – well, that wouldn't have been particularly good news for any poor animal, but Jarvis was a huge stallion, and strong. Tony held his king securely with his left hand, his sword still in his right.
Tony: Okay.
In this timeline, the Ancient One is dead. It's Strange that finds me. "Gulliver. How was the fairy mound?" By those words I know he knows where I'd been, more or less. Still, Gulliver? I could have been Odysseus, at least.
Tony: Oh god. This is getting ridiculous.
We're not
Tony: But you want to, in general?
He stood there, in front of Steve's barrel, hands held high, palms out, and took in Coulson and Melinda May and Daisy and Maria Hill. They looked older, and no wonder, and a little sheepish perhaps. They looked safe, also, and familiar, and Tony would have enjoyed the sight of them a hell of a lot more
, but he felt a growl rise deep in his throat instead; suppressed it. Glaring was not
“’M your hot water bottle,” he muttered into the large, hard chest his cheek rested against. Steve’s snort ruffled the hair on top of Tony’s head, like a breeze.
coming, but it's somehow underwhelming, somehow all the previous sensations have been more intense than this, although it
It made sort of sense. His second thought was
"I'll do the engine," he said. "You deal with the Gales and Dales and the lot, k?"
Tony: Listen, Steve, about the Midas bullshit, self loathing et al.
Tony: Nope, but if I did.
Tony: say hi to clint from me, I guess
for him
. I haven't had bruises last more than an hour or two in
Tony: Let’s say it’s my way of giving the Atlantic Ocean a finger.
That was where the rest of Tony's ammo went, all based on the assumption that the goons would rather shoot at the lock than try to kick down the door at the other end of the corridor.
At that moment, though, he looked up sharply, right into my eyes. "I never forgave you, you know."
"Hey, I can take care of myself, but thanks," Scott said lightly and sprawled onto the bunk he'd picked.
“I bet the chemicals in question were worse too.”
Tony did exchange a few words with the other techs in the group, in order to make it clear to them it was only Hammer he was rudely ignoring. They seemed to get it. Still, as soon as he could, he turned to go back to the gurney, and to Steve.
, Steve realized. Tony was just too blustery to admit that. Maybe he'd be able to focus better if Steve kept him up to date.
Faint rustling made Tony look back over his shoulder. Still cocooned in blankets, Steve was scrambling into a sitting position on the couch. His hair, longer than he used to wear when he was younger, now drying, stuck out at weird angles, and there were two feverishly red spots on his cheeks. He looked unfairly pretty like that, too, on Tony's couch, blankets and everything. Soft and a little sleepy and very, very human. He blinked at Tony and tried on a little smile.
Holdin' me closer
Tony: Oooh, tempting.
Later on, Steve said to himself:
"I somehow feel I've been adopted already," Bruce stated with mild dryness Tony had come to recognize as his own idiosyncratic mode of expression.
it seemed he could have strangled Steve, but instead he pushed his tongue into Steve's mouth, and ground his hips into Steve's, insolent, uncaring,
" Happy wailed, reproachful and just a little amused.
"Which you are not."
pull a bar out of the railing and take the bedpost apart. That is, however, not the point.
Tony: Steve, I've seen you die a million deaths, over and over again, in my head. I don't need to see it happen someplace in the multiverse too, thanks so much.
, I'm getting over my dislikes pretty fast," Steve says, and his voice is low and husky and Tony knows Steve is just poking fun at him, but it still sends a shiver through him. And really, what's with all the handsiness today?
Something in Tony's eyes stops me in my tracks. "This one's not mine, though," I say very gently.  I hold it for him to take back, but he just looks at me stubbornly.
, he typed back.
"Tony, what is it?" Steve enquired softly.
Tony: Oh, lol, yeah, that one wasn't meant for you.
He looked down, at our hands, then back up, at me Then he laughed out. Still, it wasn't his this-is-funny laugh, and it wasn't his you-are-crazy laugh; his eyes sparkled and his grin was warm and genuine. I could see he was just simply happy, all of a sudden, bone-tired but happy, and a little startled himself at the realization. "Okay. Okay. You know what, Steve," he said. "I do. I really do."
He repeated it like a mantra, but it didn't keep him from being glued to the spot, there at the door, for a few long seconds more.
He really, really didn't.
Tony: It's not a bad word, Steve.
Then he said: "So, I'm married in your timeline, eh? To whom, exactly?"
Tony: I'm sitting here fretting if you're okay, like a crazy person.
"That was Hope Van Dyne," Steve responded, as quickly as he could. "She says to..."
Tony: Most of all a plane ticket, pretty much, but that's out of question too, as we know.
Over the years it had become a second nature. Just...
Tony: How can I be any clearer than that?
cut me to the bone. I hadn't really been
, but those were thoughts for another universe, he knew that.
Rhodey rolled his eyes and breathed something that pretty much sounded like
." His face suddenly fell. "The costume."
Why Avengers? I mean, the former Avengers? Because we had the intel and there wasn't time, and we informed the police, but we couldn't offer much in the way of proof, and besides, excuse me, but everyone and their pet chinchilla know Madripoor police is corrupt, and even if they weren't, they wouldn't be equipped to deal with this kind of threat.
"Janet," said Janet dryly and wriggled deftly from his grasp. "Let go, Tony."
STARK: Oh, sorry. Not a weapon company any longer, please. You can access our mission statement on our official site. It's very informative. In case you've lived under a rock on the other side of the galaxy for the past ten years, that is.
Self-awareness, like a cold draft, brushed against Tony's exposed skin.
. Even if you don't feel like it. Not that there was anything else to do around here anyway.
Of course, it wasn’t Steve’s fault. Tony did his best to relax. He knew how too. Just, it had been years.
So. Not very long now. They were crouching behind a big filing cabinet. Tony was keenly aware of how close they were to each other, but where the air between them had seemed almost charged at one point, now he mostly just drew comfort from the proximity. Intensely, he wished Steve were somewhere far away from here, but at the same time, on a purely selfish level, it was so good Steve was here. If he had to share these last moments with someone, Tony was glad it was him.
And then Thor arrives with the new weapon, and suddenly it's the three of them, together again, and years fall away, and the dance of the battle is familiar and well practiced; it's like music. It works. They work. At least in this moment in time, they are like one.
," he breathed, as if coming back to his senses. "Will you forget I said that? Just... Forever. Please. Yeah, I think I'm going to sit down, now." He did so, heavily, but his breathing was getting back to normal. He didn't seem to be in any immediate danger.
Tony: Besides, I do talk to T'Challa occasionally; and he's not hiding his opinions, if nothing else. And I can put two and two together. I'm not stupid.
be an egocentric diva," Steve said serenely as they stepped into the motel lobby.
"Why."
Steve stepped towards him. Steve extended his hand. And Tony could only stare into his eyes, trying to penetrate his thoughts. (It's
thought it was childish."
" Tony said.
was strongly implied.
"I'm getting you out of here!" Steve took him by the elbow, but Tony shook his hand away. He had to do something first.
Tony: A little, but who cares. And oh, you saw Star Wars finally!
instead.
"I'm not worried," Steve interjected quickly.
"This," he said when they got back in, "is cadet Stark," – he deliberately dropped the first name, although everyone probably  knew it anyway – "who used to work for our tech department these past two months, and who is also an aerospace engineer. He is going to give a presentation and give you a basic introduction into the theory of aerodynamics, astrodynamics, and also viper craft design and engineering, if we have some time left."
sure?" and "Yes, Jim, I'm really,
Tony: Tell me how you are holding up.
And in an instant they were inside, never letting go of one another. Steve half pushed, half carried him until the back of Tony's knees hit the wooden frame, and then Steve was on top of him, and Tony's hands were fumbling with Steve's belt, and then, for a while, the world went white.
Tony: I've noticed, thank you.
"I'm actually happy for both of you. And I'm understandably concerned for both of you, as well. But
Tony: I know. And for this once, I'm not going to comment on your language, you ass.
Cap started towards him, looking as if he wanted to say something. Crowd parted for him almost by default. He gave Tony a perfectly serious, perfectly straightforward once over – so serious and straightforward, actually, Tony thought, that it must have been an act. It was illegal, of course, to brew spirits, let alone sell or buy them. Still, if you did it off duty, officers looked the other way. That was the reason they didn't come here in the first place. Easier to ignore the practice that way, and people needed the booze in order to let off some steam. But if Cap wanted to push it, he could get Tony disciplined for being here, of course. Tony was becoming too aware of the drink in his hand, so he gave a defiant shrug and downed it. It was his third cup.
He sighed, felt his lips quirk to one side, unhappily. "Look, Cap, to be completely honest, I'm probably not cut out for this." For the first time in forever, he actually felt 40.
"I believe ice-cream is traditional in your circumstances", Steve said, his face serious if you disregarded the spark in his eye.
. He needed to change that state of affairs, to charm the person into submission or punish them relentlessly for their effrontery; possibly both at the same time. One thing he didn't know how to do was let go. It wasn't just about first impressions. He couldn't leave it alone. He had to pick at the perceived dislike, had to prod and poke, like prodding a sore tooth with his tongue, like picking at a scabbed-over knee.
was body conscious? Tony found himself taken aback, but, in a way, it made perfect sense. And there was something about this admission that felt terribly, horribly important.
After the fighting had died down, Steve spotted him resting, leaning on his sword stuck in the ground.
– and at the same time he wanted to hold Tony close, as close as humanly possible, and bury his nose in Tony's neck.
, because Tony is a nerd and of course he's read up on the subject last night. A few times during the conversation, Tony thinks Steve's grip on his waist tightens, but it makes no sense to him.
Tony: How come it's me? And not, say, Sam? He's even semi-qualified.
Steve gave him the softest of smiles, as if to say
Because that last one especially Steve really didn't need to hear.
"Yes, that's so,
Tony: Are you never going to talk to me ever again now?
I'm worried about," she says.
Steve studied him. He’d – as far as Tony knew – never taken more than a cursory interest in pharmaceutical products that the Avengers had at their disposal, leaving that to more scientifically qualified members of the team. But, apparently, he knew enough to disapprove. “But it doesn’t solve the problem, doesn’t really make you better,” Steve said, “it just delays the effects.” And it took its toll too, and you sometimes crashed afterwards; it could be quite unpleasant. There was, after all, a reason you didn’t take substances like that for a simple case of sore throat.
Tony: For you, maybe. But for me?
the voice breezed through the room again. Well, if nothing else, the war and the aftermath had worked beautifully as a matchmaking service.
”, and then he dragged his upper teeth lightly over the soft skin underneath.
"All right," Tony said when he got his breath back. "Hang out with kissing, then?"
He was the one unable to think about the consequence now. A feverish thrill was coursing through him, a feeling of wild danger, almost like the one before a battle. Up until recently, everything about this night had been stuffy and constrained, twined together with his own feelings of inadequacy. And now, while everyone in the world outside of this coatroom still danced and sipped wine and twirled to one waltz after another, he was suddenly free, liberated, doing something like
It keeps building. But it's different then before, it's building in all the parts of him now, simultaneously, his ass, his cock, his toes, all of his body. He closes his eyes and lets it overtake him, and then something clamps on the tip of his cock – it's Tony's gag reflex,  he realizes distantly. Tony has swallowed him whole,  he's all the way in Tony's throat; it's either the sudden contraction or this realization that send him over the edge.
"You were
Tony: I gave her all she wanted. And to avoid any confusion, I don't mean just sex.
No, that's stupid, of course it's him. Who the hell else would it be, on that phone?
The man across the table studied him. Tony found himself wondering how old he was. In his thirties, judging by the appearance, maybe even late twenties. At least 5 or 6 years Tony's junior, probably more. Look at him, believing all this crap.
"Will you put the oxygen mask back on?" Tony knew he had no business insisting and didn't care one bit.
Now, almost gently, he pushes Steve's right leg down – apparently it'd been curled up against his stomach. It's now still bent at the knee, but Steve's foot is resting on the bed (it's an unexpected relief for the muscles). Tony's arm is under it, his two fingers still inside Steve, but now immobile.
"Our timelines must have separated earlier."
Tony: I showed you mine, now you show me yours.
Well, this was like that, only he was the object of unwelcome desire, this time around. Steve probably hated the fact he was attracted to him. And he was better than Tony at controlling it. His righteous ass probably never even considered hate-fucks an option.
Hope was already on the job, though; as she disappeared down the corridor, Steve hurried to take over her fire extinguisher.
"Hello?" Steve's voice sounded weird and convoluted, but it might have been the cell signal. It was never the way it should be near the lake house, and with everything he had to do, Tony never really got around to doing something about it.
“But you still like water,” he heard himself say, and that was the ticket, that was the key.
It's only belatedly that he realizes Steve is sort of covertly signaling with his eyes. Tony follows his gaze and spots a few people from the plane in the crowd. Without a doubt, none of them have forgotten Tony's gleeful and memorable performances of the day. Oh, goody.
"Well, thank you for your service!" Politely, yes, but aggressively, almost insolently. Practically demanding in their thankfulness.
Tony's pace isn't punishing exactly, but it's somewhat vigorous now. It's as if, as soon as Steve is on the verge of adjusting, relaxing into it, Tony manages to pick it up, infinitesimally, or to change the angle. Like that paradox of Zeno's, Achilles and the tortoise, racing, racing, and
"Sorry?" Steve said. "What did you say?" His voice was a little strange, and a little quivery, and Tony very much wanted to kiss his face at that moment: not just the mouth, but the nose and the cheekbones and the eyes (those perfect, stubborn eyes!) and that brow of his that was always covered in floppy hair. Yes, he wanted to sleep with Steve. He also wanted to hold him in his arms all night, and to talk to him for hours, and to play with his hair, and to spend a day reading a book, head pillowed on Steve's stomach.
Tony has trouble breathing. He'd thought,
They chatted for a while. It was a companionship born out of necessity. Tony wasn't sure he liked it.
"Next time," Steve says. "Okay?"
him, down to all the uneasiness and claustrophobia and vulnerability, somehow, it shot through him, making him even stiffer, even more prone to be on the defensive.
"You can't convince me you'd have let the animal drown. Because I know you wouldn't."
"If I ask you how you are feeling, are you going to get all weird again? Because I need to know it for strictly practical purposes of getting us out of this shithole."
Tony: Although, since his face was caught on camera, I suppose it makes sense.
"Yes," Steve admitted. "I forgot how it was. To feel so... limited. I know it's not fair to say so," he added quickly.
Doctor Strange drops by to see him later that day. In this universe they are buddies. They might have gone there in my original  timeline too, perhaps, if Tony had lived; and I wouldn't put it past doctor Stranges of the multiverse to be in cahoots with one another. So now I'm wondering why they are trying to manipulate the timeline by sending me here. Is this unhappy Tony going to do something big and regrettable and perhaps catastrophic? I could see it happening, sort of. But he's not really working on anything much, these days, Natasha tells me. So perhaps he's
If we were correct in our assumptions, it was still us, back then – I mean, the divergence hadn't happened yet, so when I said
Tony: Look, we'll be okay.
Tony: Of course not.
mean nothing! Tony might be teasing. He might be flirting for fun (he always flirted with people; never really went farther than that). He might or might not want something with Steve, and Steve couldn't know that for sure even if his body kept yelling at him to
"Do you still love Pepper?" Steve. Trust him to cut to the chase.
Tony: Love is love.
As a general rule, slippery slopes are dangerous like that.
Or was it? Steve stood there, shifting from foot to foot, looking now at Tony, now at the table. He seemed pensive and... he
, his gut seemed to say. Well, Stark was really something, no doubt about that, but Steve was going to ignore it, and instruct him, and hopefully make a competent combat pilot out of him; that was all that mattered. He wasn't going to pay him any special attention; it wouldn't be right to the others and could only be harmful for the man himself. It wouldn't hurt him to learn not to be the centre of attention for once.
Tony: I'm not making him a suit again, though.
And to someone else he might have said
Tony: I kind of decided to accept the position for a time.
Tony: I'm actually being really careful. But okay. Okay, big guy. You got it.
STARK: What didn't happen was... [glances at his notes] The real Avengers are law abiding American citizens that... [studies his notes, frowning] We cannot take responsibility for the action of anyone that has renounced this country and... its values... [mutters to himself for a moment] Okay...
"No, it's not that. Actually..." He smiled to himself. "Bucky said if this thing helped make me less crazy, then thank fuck. Natasha told him not to be crude, and then
A couple of minutes later, forefinger of his right hand stuck between the pages although he hadn't yet read more than two or three, he was back. He contemplated the armchair by the window for a moment, but, perhaps because Tony was ignoring his presence completely, his eyelids halfway down, pretending to be engrossed in the fire – Steve decided against the chair. Instead, on a crazy impulse that had landed him in trouble in the past, he grabbed Tony's gauntlet to use as a light, and thumped down on the bed beside Tony, on top of the bed cover. It was a
“Is it like... an instantaneous onset of panic?” Steve’s own reactions were slow brewing, more of a woodworm, staying on the inside, where no one could see it, where no one would
Tony: Can I reset this? I want to reset all this.
Tony shrugged; felt stupid. "It's dark, but there's an outline around the kitty door. That's where the food comes in." He was blocking it, so he moved to the side. "Anything?"
Tony: Hell, don't, I wasn't being serious.
"I don't think anyone's coming, Cap," Tony admitted. (Tony hadn't planned to tell him that, because it was easier to have an out ready, but now all of a sudden he wasn't so sure he wanted an out.) "The last I checked before I lost the signal, the roads down there were getting snowed in. A freak storm, it wasn't in the forecast, obviously. I mean, the guys could technically take the ski lift to the peak over there" – he nodded towards the western wall – "and ski over with overnight bags, but I don't think anyone will. They'll probably stay in the resort and have fun. These are corporate folks; they are more about decades-old whiskey and shop talk than about the actual skiing."
his, Steve whose head was the biggest mystery of all, Steve that drove him crazy, Steve that...
invited him; well, she'd sent a Facebook invite, and Tony wasn't sure if he was supposed to be insulted or touched.
“Then maybe I surf a little,” Steve concluded with a glint in his eye. Tony suppressed the impulse to swat him on the arm. It was as if another peculiar moment had passed and suddenly everything seemed back to normal somehow, but a
"Don't be smug, Steve, it doesn't sit well with you."
"Oh, good." Tony sounded relieved.
No one had asked Steve who he was. He'd had his many scratches and superficial wounds cleaned and bandaged, and, to his relief, no one mentioned any bloodwork. No one insisted on examining his eyes. He suspected he had Tony to thank for his semi-ghostly status with both the police and the medical personnel, but the only thing Tony said to him ever since the rescue arrived was a half-muttered: "We'll get someone better qualified to take a look at you and the data as soon as possible." That was all.
, Tony was going to tell him, as another thud resounded, and this time the door almost gave way. Instead, he just leaned in and pressed his lips to Steve's briefly, sweetly, and it wasn't exactly Christmas, and the cobwebs hanging low above them weren't exactly mistletoe, but sometimes you have to make do. The fleeting touch of lips against lips was all he had the time for, and within it he tried to convey everything he thought or felt or wanted to say. The kiss was warm and tired and heartfelt, and he thought he felt Steve's lips pressing back against his, but it could have been just Steve trying to say
Tony: Why do you always have to do this?
An explosion and panicked shouts. Oh
– couldn't be rectified in any way. I had friends, yes, but I didn't know how you went from putting all your strength into one thought, one idea, one fight, into standing perfectly still. Basically, doing nothing. I could think of a way – and that way would be being with a person; starting something, sharing something. Bucky always said I was a hopeless romantic at heart, even though I don't really see it. But those thoughts brought on nothing but anguish. And, stubbornly, if it couldn't have
He takes Natasha by her good hand, and takes Tony by the other. "Guys," he says, and his voice is hoarse, and his body is shaking with exhaustion, but his heart is full. "It's time to go home."
"Yeah, yeah, it does wonders for your CV." This is going to be a
Tony: You do sound perkier than in a long time.
"What's all this?"
"What?" he said. "After all this? Really?" The anger had melted from his face. He wiped the sweat away from his forehead, leaned his hip against the back of a chair. Less of a show of nonchalance and more of a case of being too exhausted to stand. I could get away with taking him in my arms now, I thought. It was an opening.
Tony: why don't you go talk to HER insead? maybe she can fix your fucking head so you don't have to bother ME any longer
Tony: You should tell me what's going on.
, after all these years, and this was far from all Steve wished for, from him, but it was also more than he could have hoped for.
Also, I have
Steve nodded. "I thought it was a drug, but now I think it was a drug plus some kind of serum suppressant." His voice was emotionless, flectionless. As if he was briefing Tony on something completely emotionally unrelated. "Later, I was partly aware of something being poured into my eyes. Oh, and they took quite a lot of blood samples before the injection."
, Sheriff," Tony snapped, pinning him down with that gaze, and honestly –  for that gaze Steve would have done anything. This was their game, precisely. Steve called Tony
Tony: No. No backsies now. Don't worry.
He focused on the control panel. "Just as I thought," he muttered to himself.
THE END
Then – when it was beginning to look as if they would eventually turn to stone – with a considerable effort of will, Tony got up and walked over to the place where Steve stood staring at the book spines, his eyes vacant.
Soon enough, they were lying in the wet sand, shallow water splashing against their legs and stomachs. On their backs, side by side; almost touching but not. Steve sneaked a peak. Tony lay with his eyes closed, seemingly relaxed in the sun. But the laughter seemed to have drained out, and the crazy, cloudy haze was gone from Steve’s mind, leaving a sickly insecurity in its wake. And what he’d dubbed
Tony: I'm not so good with crayons.
A sharp clearing of the throat from the medic made them look away from each other's eyes, abruptly, as if they'd been caught. Steve compressed his lips and started unzipping his protection suit down the front. Underneath, he had a black tank top over a gray tee, just like everyone else. While in any other circumstances Tony would have made a comment to himself – something about it being a size too small, to the joy and happiness of anyone who saw Steve – now he was staring intently at Steve's right arm. The sleeve of the suit looked ripped. And charred.
Tony: times
is difficult.
Tony: He said I was a little piece of shit for hiding things from him, but that he couldn't stay mad at me for any length of time. And that he knew I had the best of intentions, obviously. And to kindly go fuck myself. And to never ever pull something like that again.
one from the old hotel, just fancier dressed. She must be moonlighting here.
The assistant announcer poked her head in,
Tony: You thought I was somehow over it.
And Toy wanted to get angry, he really did, but instead there was something tugging at a corner of his lips, unstoppably upwards.” Come on, Cap, you can’t sit in the snow, it’s not done, you know that.” It was really silly, this fondness he felt.
Tony: What did you want and why are you asking?
. “Okay,” he managed.
. Or... Well, that wasn't quite fair. Tony's behavior was nothing if not friendly, and that kept a part of Steve on edge. It was as if he kept waiting for something bad to happen, just because this was too good to be true.
"What were you going to say?"
Even when, like now, Steve hurried after Tony without a real reason, just to – Tony was becoming very convinced of this –
This was how what techs lovingly called their speak-easy was born. An underused storage space was adapted. Now it was always stuffy and packed with people. It was loud in that special, infuriating way that came from no one shouting and
Tony: I'm having a better time with this than I've had for ages, Steve!
"I'm not letting you play with it, Tony. "
Steve had said, and what was Tony supposed to say to
, said a little voice inside his head, and it sounded suspiciously like Pepper. That was the voice he'd divorced, but that didn't mean that it wasn't right on occasion.
"Yes, so what?" Steve responds.
Tony: Hey, buddy, come on.
else in the world. "Did you guys talk about it?"
But it doesn't quite work.
, the finger sank all the way in; Tony had impaled himself on it with his sudden motion. And he gasped through his teeth, and it
Steve left them then, Thor putting a cordial arm round Darryl's shoulders and dragging him back towards the tech bar, and Darryl letting himself be hugged and dragged. He seemed too resigned to protest.
Tony: Did you make me say that so that you could quote Star Wars at me?
Tony: Actually not so much cooking, but chopping things. Because making things can also sometimes make you anxious. It's all the pressure of maaaaaking. Things. In any case, chopping, yeah. Different textures of different vegetables, and maybe some shit like being in direct contact with your food. I don't know. But it kind of works for me. Did you know I can cook now? I learned.
, Tony thought. The intensity of the feeling surprised him, even scared him a little bit. "Not the point here," he said instead.
"Wanna have this discussion here, then, in the hallway?" he said, and it came out as a growl. And oh god, it took all he had not to do anything, not to push Steve against the wall, no to go in and bite that lower lip of his. Anger was making him alive.
"Oh," he said, surprised and pleased, I thought. "Nice. I didn't know about it."
Oh, right. Guest room. Tony supposes that's accurate. Steve hasn't come to stay.
Tony: Wait, are you going through our old conversations right now?
Tony stuffed his hands into the pocket of his jeans in a most defiantly nonthreatening gesture he could think of. "Arrest you?" he said, noticing his teeth were beginning to chatter. Which wasn't really surprising, seeing he was standing outside in a sweater only. He hadn't noticed the cold creeping into his limbs, but now it was there and it was making itself felt. A snowflake drifted downward; another followed suit, and another. Oh, capital. His cheeks were ice. "I'm a consultant, Steve. The worst I can do to you is offer some unsolicited expert advice. Want some?" He shivered, tried to hide it. "I just wanted to be honest with you, that's all. I'm not going to rat you out."
pleasurable.
, doing it with
Tony: You sleep with her?
Sam gave them both a cool once over. "Back to high school," he commented to himself. "Yay. Steve, is this about Stark?"
He passed the tea to Tony, who sipped it and made a face. "Never been a fan, but thanks?"
Quickly, Tony closed his eyes now. Despite the sinfully long lashes, or the ridiculous, patchy beard Steve was apparently trying to grow, he somehow didn’t look young at all. Just worried. Weren’t people supposed to look younger when asleep? Pepper’d looked like a baby.
"I just want her to know this is still her home. I want her to..." Tony sighed. "We would have made all this", he gestured at the ridiculous  sweets, "Morgan and I. Together. If she still lived here."
I did my best to smile. "We could do that." It was depressing. I'd lost one house too many – so had Tony, I suppose. I'd thought I'd get used to the feeling of uprootedness. I loved people, I loved my friends, I loved Tony. I was happy to make my home wherever they were, but I had to admit something to myself: I felt this dull longing for a place I could come back to, years later, and still have it be there, unchanged. I teetered wildly between wanting to scrap together all the memories stuffed into the boxes around us and take them with me, and locking this place, tossing out the key and trying to do what I came here to do – start a new life. A clean slate.
in, not any more, not with anyone, it was enough,
Tony rolled his eyes. "You can't pull that thing out in my presence. It literally hurts to look at it."
Tony twisted his lips wryly and nodded. "That was exactly the reason I left the tech, you know," he said. He thought he sounded vaguely defiant. "I wanted in on the action. Not to be on the sidelines, repairing things while the others have all the fun." His cheek twitched. His stomach felt like a closed fist. The more it constricted with too much emotion, the more flippant he sounded. He needed to erase this conversation from existence, somehow; there was too much heart in it. Erase it and walk away.
, which is not okay, not all right, not what was agreed. Steve thinks he probably whimpers in pure frustration then.
"Finally someone who speaks English." Tony made a show of looking around, then leaned towards Banner. "Zed didn't die," he whispered conspiratorially. "Zed
It's hard. After what we'd been through together, it's hard to reset our relationship  to some point in the past. And yes, I'm still aware he's not the same man I was married to, but I've come to believe he
He stuck it onto the surface of the desk.
Steve shrugged. "I had no one to call. Sam's still in Wakanda," he added, as if by way of explanation.
His cheeks burning, for a moment he was happy to just stand there, pressed against the wall, and bask in being touched and kissed so desperately, in his breath being stolen away.
It must have been the shock of seeing him that made my mind reel this way. Thinking was hard. All my emotions seemed to be stuck in my throat, and I had difficulties putting one thought next to another.
Steve was silent for a beat. Then: “So, why...” He trailed off, but they both knew what he meant.
not while wearing that crap vest.
Touching and exchanging shy caresses all the while, they'd picked up their things, scattered around, and dressed. Steve had found Tony's jacket, tossed on the floor. He had shook it out and held it out to Tony as if they'd done this a million times. And Tony had smiled to himself, so sweetly and sadly, like, Steve suspected, he never would have if he didn't feel so safe, enveloped in the hiding darkness.
it – as if running was Cap's own invention, somehow. And yes, words had this tendency to escape from Tony's mouth unchecked.
Tony: But maybe you should try. Look, I'm serious.
Tony: Well, technically speaking, there’s nothing stopping us from still texting then, if that’s what works, right?
All Steve said was: “Oh,” and there was that tiny, happy oblong his lips sometimes formed. Tony was learning to appreciate the hell out of it: the shape that emerged when something pleasant caught Steve unawares.
"Do you really have to go?" he asked impulsively, voicing the foremost of his thoughts.
. He wasn't sure where he wanted this to go, but a bit of impulsiveness and adventure never hurt anyone, right?
Tony: Besides from the obvious, I'm not really used to you sharing things.
"But you don't go running with the nuggets?" he asked. She gave him a covert look, arched an eyebrow, as if she knew he was angling up to something. Steve smiled to himself.
and do what needed doing on one side. A misplaced wish to impress the man on the other – to show him he could be useful, show him he was good at this. Prove he wasn't just an arrogant asshole.
, that's just what I was going for," she says dryly and I send my sweetest smile her way.
But then the cruiser he was on – supposedly safe, guarded by a squadron of gunstar grade battleships – had been intercepted by a large Cylon force. That was almost three months ago. It seemed like three lifetimes. Anything before the battle had an unreal quality to it in his memories. The battle itself had been a nightmare. Aftermath was... like waking up, in one of those old science fiction novels Tony liked; you realized your whole life had been a virtual reality, and you were
Tony: so heres something for you to chew on. i let you walk away. i was pulling my punches. that's my biggest regret. because i coulda turned u into a fucking 4th of july firework if id wanted to
, because before, when he wanted to seduce someone, he'd pretty much flirt shamelessly and brazenly until it worked or blew up in his face. This required far more strategy. If you put all the infinitesimal clues together, you'd get one big fat zero, give and take a few decimals. He wasn't
"Hey, Tony. How are you doing? My sources tell me you are back in NYC
"Under your feet now, I know, I know," Tony said impatiently. "Here, I'm going to... There, I tweaked it, the results should start showing in a few minutes."
Bent over the dog, Steve considered Tony through the hair that fell over his eyes. There was something weirdly exciting in that almost covert look, so Tony quickly added, to distract himself: "Also, Morgan always wanted a puppy. But Pepper's allergic, so, ah, we couldn't really adopt before"
Tony: or 'girl'
This was just the first step. Time was essential.
Tony: Sorry. So, when's the big day then?
Tony: Steve??
Tony turned away, leaned against the railing, cast a long, non-seeing glance across the plaza and the surrounding park. "I guess that's pretty accurate, yeah," he said.
"Since you can't keep your mind on what you're doing," he said rolling out the cinnamon rolls dough that he apparently had sitting overnight in the fridge, "you'd better tell me what the hell you were doing, coming here on foot in this kind of weather." Steve detected a healthy dose of outrage in his voice. "I texted you not to come. Don't tell me you didn't get it."
" but by that point he was already out of bed and pulling on his fatigues.
Tony: I am talking to you.
"So, did you, ah, did you call me to talk about the dolls...?" Steve began, and then he evidently remembered the beginning of the conversation and the reason of Tony's call. "Oh
Tony: Basically.
Tony: Made quite a splash, eh?
for him to put his thoughts into words otherwise. "Would you put two fingers. In me?" he manages.
"Me too," Steve manages to say. "I didn't get to tell you. When you were..."
Tony knew Lang, although they weren't friends or anything; the kid was pretty decent. Now he stood there, looking a little lost. Two nanoseconds before, he had been beaming at Tony in the tech dormitory, when both their names had been called. Tony didn't think Scott knew he was being hazed right now, and, to Tony's disgust, something akin to protectiveness rose in his own chest.
Tony felt a tiny pang of regret, perhaps: for them, for what they'd had, and what they hadn't had; he couldn't help but think that, had their timing been more attuned, they might have understood each other better. In all probability, it wouldn't have helped, not in the long run. Still, maybe they'd have had some more good times together. Oh well. That ship had sailed off into space long ago, and all Tony could now manage was a brief bout of nostalgia that served to get his mind off other things and other people. They were better as friends anyway, Pepper and he.
Tony: So, I'll think about it.
, he thought in a glamorous, announcer's voice,
He turned to look at Steve, who was striding toward him, looking strangely resolute and a little bit like he was going to fall apart on the spot.
pickles, they give him heartburn. (My Tony didn't; some things are just bizarre.)
"Thanks, Cap," Tony said quietly. "I wouldn't be asking if not for Morgan."
Banner adjusted his glasses and glanced at the title. "
"It's Tony, though," I say.
to get a wolf out? You... you utter and complete idiot!"
"Hold that thought," Tony said into his phone, as something slammed – quite soundly – into the side of his car, parked by the roadside. "I apparently just got hit by a hitchhiker."
Everything happens somewhere. Maybe out there, in the multiverse, there is a Steve who went back and had his dance with Peggy instead. I'm not that Steve. I suppose I was him at some point, or he was me, but not any longer, not for a very long time. And if everything comes to pass somewhere, maybe there is a timeline in which the ever-spinning coin lands on its rim and stays upright; there is precisely a one in 6000 chance of that happening. And, so, over there, both Steve and Tony, perhaps, walk away alive from that battlefield, victorious; perhaps they are walking very close to each other. Together, as was meant to be. Hands almost touching, but not quite. Soon, perhaps. They are so very tired. They need their rest, but nevertheless, in that moment, for them, the world is just as it should be. They'll figure it all out, I'm sure. What they mean to each other. What they can be to each other. Today, with all my heart, I am rooting for them.
"We got them at a flee market, actually," Steve muttered, but the responding amused snort brought him back to his senses. "We need to concentrate on the mission now," he said quickly, curtly, trying to cut this off because it was so easy to sink into chatter. It was somehow even easier now that Tony wasn't right by his side, with that mocking curve to his mouth and those eyes that always kept Steve on edge.
He knew he managed to hurt Tony. A moment of satisfaction was wild, rampant, but then a cold, black, poisonous regret settled in and nested in his heart like a snake. He had not only been rude to his friend, but he had done everything he could to hurt the person he cared about the most.
He'd seen Steve a few times, before the final battle and after; they'd planned together and fought together, organized, coordinated and ran recons, first when absolutely necessary, then whenever it was convenient, and then they just... did it. It worked. It was so easy to slip back into old patterns when there was a galactic war in progress and lives on the line. But it was all business, wasn't it?
Tony didn't want his voice to go raw. It did, though; it scraped at his throat, and it was too much. Steve patted his hand, unexpectedly; one moment not touching him, the very next moment all warm and
"I..." He stopped; began again. "I don't feel so well, Cap. I think I'm going to go to bed, actually."
"Yeah, neither did I, but stupid plans sometimes work," Tony said as he put on another man's vest. Limping around on Steve's arm and swearing through his teeth, he collected all the semi-automatics he could find.
With a frantic
I didn't think I had the stomach to do it. So I happened to be talking with the Ancient One, and somehow she jumped on board of the
at her question. It wasn't that it wasn't
Tony: Aren't you???
Still, as soon as they need to actually formulate the plan, it's like a well-rehearsed performance. They don't talk over each other. Their remarks flow together seamlessly, and that Star-Lord guy just stares at them and says: "Dude. Did you two practice that on the way here?"
Some of it must have shown on his face, because Stark gave him a hard look and a barely perceptible nod. It was almost as if he'd read Steve's mind, and Steve found it slightly disconcerting.
Tony: It's too early for this. In the morning, I mean. Did you see the secretary of defense resigned, first thing today?
. Let's talk about something else, I was going to say as I touched his hand to steady it, to stop the insane salt-shaker pogo-dance.
I cried when I saw Natasha, but I'm not crying now. I'm like a tree trunk, my arms hanging by my sides. I feel rooted in place. But then Tony smiles a small smile that's so very
Tony: I'm here
Pepper had turned out to be a huge help with the cleanup part. With half the world in shambles, a new superheroine named Rescue had made her presence count. (She could have gone with Iron Maiden like Tony suggested, she
Tony: Oooh, scathing.
Overwhelmed by his own silly wish to just stay like that, Tony squirmed out.
"You don't know that," he argues, just for the sake of argument.
Tony could drive him crazy like no one else could. That had been the case since day one. Still, Steve didn't think it'd bothered him this much back then (not so deeply, in any case, not on such an essential level).
, Tony thought, uselessly, as he leaned into the touch – jus a little, just for a second, a blessed moment of skin against skin. And then Steve was pulling him in, holding him, and Tony thought:
"Improbable," he said, sounding more snappish than he meant to. "Unless something's gone really wrong, the sensors on other decks would have registered it and the alarms would be blaring their ass off."
Surprised at his own reaction, Steve found himself annoyed at this. He wasn't in the habit of giving up what he started, and especially not giving up on people. At first he'd thought Clint was an asshole, and Gamora was difficult to work with, Quill was unreliable and Brunnhilde unpredictable and stubborn. Steve had learned to work with all of them. So, perhaps Stark
this had to carry a hidden significance, but try as he might, he was drawing a complete blank. “Really? I have no memory of it whatsoever. What did we do?”
"Yeah, of course," he says, rolling his eyes. Here comes the obligatory shovel talk in some form. "Shoot. If I hurt Steve, you will – what?"
"Nope," Tony says. "Dealbreaker. Pick one or I'm outa here."
SOMEONE IN THE AUDIENCE: Is Hulk being detained somewhere?
. Because you've
Tony: Pink?
As they carried the trays of food to the small dining table in the living room, he could still feel Steve's big, warm hands on his waist, like the image of the sun superimposed on your closed eyelids.
"Yeah?"
we can figure out the dating thing. I was never too good at dating anyway."
, do you?" he said, still chuckling.
here. There are many people who know how it was, who lived through it, and almost died. Maybe they even reported from the spot. We all do our jobs best we can. You, I seem to remember you. What's your name.
"That's
Tony: Any progress with real drawing? Have you tried at all?
"So what
Steve had been sluggish, and then unfocused, but right now there was some kind of liveliness in him that made him want to laugh aloud. He suspected it had something to do with the absence of resentment or bitterness in Tony's eyes, the lack of standoffishness in his manner. It was like... well, like before, during that short honeymoon period of their friendship, after which everything had started souring, first with Ultron and then downhill from there. They had never really come back from that. Steve had been sure they weren't going to, but this?
finally happened between them because of it, and oh, what if this was goodbye?
Without a word, Steve jumped in, lent his strength. He bowed his knees, put his shoulder under a protruding part of the tail and
He couldn't even remember when he had started feeling like this about Steve. Since forever? At first he had tagged it 'fascination' (because, come on, it was Steve Rogers; he was larger than life, somehow; everyone had googly eyes for him), and then, when he got to know him a little, Tony went with 'buddy infatuation'. Naming was important. He never was particularly skilled at it. But buddy infatuation was a classification that had worked for
The glance he shoots at Steve can be interpreted as nothing but a challenge.
"And would you also care to explain that?" Tony said, then heard the way he sounded. He ran a hand over his face, shook his head. "Sorry," he said, and Steve nodded. "Long day. Just... long day."
"You didn't notice any changes in your surroundings while they were carrying – leading? – you here?" While sarcasm could be comforting, he still couldn't help asking the real question. Because it
Steve hummed noncommittally. His voice was very soft and sort of resigned. “I came, and then JARVIS told me you’d left me the override codes in case of an emergency, and that the fridge was full, and that I could stay for however long I wanted. And that you were at a conference. In Japan. For two weeks.”
Tony: But still
Tony stood there unmoving for a moment, like cast in stone. Then he plopped down into the chair opposite Steve. It probably wasn't the best time for naked honesty, but with so many feelings brewing inside him, the words were practically saying themselves.
, but that was just because he was going crazy, apparently.
Just for a moment Tony wants to stop the time, to dream, to pretend it's all real, that this is what they are to each other.
"A compensation," Steve says flatly, and it's not even a question. The question is, however,  implied.
?" he read aloud, skeptically. "Part three of
Tony: and, as life goals go, idk, I don't think this is a bad one
This is Scarlet Witch, although you can't see her face; as you can see she is floating people out of a burning building. She's not... The big red bubble you can see, that's her power, that's what she does. She's using it to protect the people from the fire. There's some more of the similar, mostly photos, as you can see. That's Falcon, also doing damage control, rescuing folks. You know what, maybe it's not such a good idea to point us out here, but since the whole world is already pointing an accusatory finger at us, here, you can add our own finger to it. Take that any way you like.
We never talked about it again. I didn't want the solicitation of our shared fate. I did not want to be comforted, and I don't think she did either.
"The thing is, I'm not the greatest when it comes to processing emotions, you know? You came back to me, and then you told me about Morgan" – his voice wavered for a split second, then got back to its metaphorical feet – "In any case, I've been thinking. A lot. Wanna know what I figured out?"
know that, because, see, the reason Pepper and I couldn't be together was..." He stopped, took a deep breath. "Huh," he said then, "I sure stumbled straight into this, didn't I. Okay, then, whatever. I suppose I should tell you anyway. Steve?"
"Great. Morgan will be so happy. This means a lot, Cap. Really."
"I'll hold you to that," was the final thing Tony said for some time, and he said it just so that he'd have the last word. And then, for both of them, it was high time to stop talking.
Tony: I'm at a board meeting.
Tony: Whoa there, stallion.
That was the plan, wasn't it? Steve bares his teeth.
Tony: That's kinda good to know. Just in case.
something in me corrected.
, not the case, not at all.
The fact was, everything had been hectic ever since the Sokovian special forces showed up in the derelict building and invited the attackers to immediately surrender. Rhodey had hinted he and Hope were allowed to unofficially partake in the operation because no one, and especially not the Sokovian police, wanted to be responsible for what happened to someone as internationally important as Tony Stark.
Tony: I'm not sure. What I know – I intercepted some of their communications, see, so I reconstructed this part, but I suspect they mostly discussed it in person. In any case, I know they thought Pep and I weren't talking. I mean, until very recently we weren't either. But their info was that we weren't in contact, and that she wasn't a part of the SI any longer (which is, obviously, a known fact). So I suspect they either wanted to really pump her for any info about you and the guys in case she happened to know anything from before, like safe houses and such, or anything at all compromising about me besides from what's common knowledge.
Tony: See, you're still pissed, but I guess that's okay. Look, when I lash out at you like that, I don't want to hurt you. I mean, that's not what I want, that's not my intention.
I swallow and nod.
"I've never seen anything like it."
Tony: Yeah, I know about that, yadda yadda yadda. What's it you thought, I wouldn't figure you out?
"Don't get too cocky," she said. "Try to shut up. Listen to what he's saying." She considered for a moment. "And
Tony: So stupid, so sorry.
"Quitting what, your nursing job?"
Tony: I'm talking to her right now.
Tony hummed thoughtfully. "Any kind of love should do, you mean?"
Tony: You love me, though?
" And as Tony says it, he places his left palm on Steve's stomach and presses
Inside, two perfect, golden circlets lay together. At first I thought they were completely plain, but then I saw our symbols engraved on the insides. My shield on one, his helmet on the other. If I put one of the rings on, it would look like just another wedding band. No one but us would even know about the engravings.
On the next day, during his class, he started setting traps for Cap. It was fun. Tony kept going through his teaching plan normally. He would look at every recruit in turn as he explained the reactions that, basically, made the ammo go boom even in near-perfect vacuum. And during all of this, he
resurfaced for a moment, but Tony pushed it firmly away. Somewhat self-consciously, he tried to hug Steve a bit better, a bit tighter and closer, but in the end he was aware that nothing but words would probably cut it this time.
"I told you this was going to be on my terms or it won't happen," Tony says, and it's so inflectionless, sounds so mechanic that Steve can't be sure there's Tony in the armor at all. What if it's just a remotely controlled shell?
Tony: Awkward-laughing?
"You do look very approachable," Tony said as Rhodey scowled sourly. "It must be the amicable smile. What do you want to talk to her about anyway? Don't you talk like a million times a day, even when you manage to go your separate ways for a couple of hours. Can't it wait till you get home?" Tony knew he was talking two hundred miles per hour. He felt himself speed up. He felt everything about him slow down. It was ridiculous, really, but he could do nothing about it.
want to go home, though, just go home and be alone. To nurse his disappointment. "Okay,"
And then Steve is turning around, pulling Tony in, and Tony is running his hands all over his chest and shoulders and back, wanting to touch everywhere, feeling as if he's been robbed of something and now he desperately wants  to compensate.
Tony's basic flight class that evening was when it all went to shit.
Tony looked up.
you? Steve, they don't have another captain of the air group, they don't have another flight instructor, and they most definitely don't have another battle leader, they..."
The elevator stopped with an unnatural jerk and a worrisome
Looking at Tony, Steve now felt like one of the random no-names in the audience. And his throat constricted. He looked away, so that Tony wouldn't get a chance to do it first.
Steve nodded gratefully as he tucked himself in, and Tony proceeded to drag him towards the kitchen and the fridge. Tony had also had an ice-bucket with champagne ready, back in his bedroom, but the sparkly, and lounging around in silk sheets, and slow languid fucking he had had in mind will apparently have to wait. Well, it's not as if either of them was going anywhere for the time being, so it was just as well. Now that they both knew they wanted this, they had all the time in the world.
"You were the one who told me to leave." This was Tony - Tony, who couldn't just give in, of course; the man had to rub it in, had to
With his free left hand he jerked Steve closer, catching him around the waist, resisting the urge to grab his ass and pulling at his lower back instead. Closer, closer. The tip if his cock felt raw, pulsing with blood; it was rubbing against the fabric of his boxers, and, through the layers of clothing, against Steve’s zipper. It was painful, but Tony wanted
in red."
Tony shrugged. "Eh. I kind of jumped in just like you see me."
"I'll be going then," Steve said. He sounded disappointed, Tony thought, but it was better that way, it
As soon as the frantic repairs could wait a moment, he tried tuning in to other channels. But, instead of Darryl or someone else, he, against all expectation, found Thor. Thor was on the other side of the deck, apparently, and by normal parameters too far for the crappy comms to reach, but somehow it worked.
He probably shouldn't have said that; still, he knew that, with Darryl, this would go not further, if nothing else.
Tony: So one solution would be to let it explode all over the world media, in Europe and everywhere. CANADA. But I got one better for you. I'm negotiating with Christine Everhart on this. As expected, she's making me piss blood over it, but I think it's going to work. Tell Natasha to pull the vid down from the net for now; we're giving Everhart the first exclusive rights to it for six hours.
Steve was silent for several seconds. "When I told him to go for a run, it was almost a joke," he said. "I didn't think he'd keep it up this long."
you," he said dryly, but his eyes were full of laughter. "That early, huh? It must have been one hell of a precognition."
"Just what?" The underlying sharpness seeped into Tony's voice. Steve wanted to mellow it down somehow. Still, this moment had been stolen, unreal, he knew that. What he wanted... well, the two of them could have that in his head only. He
At that, there was a momentous spark in her eyes. "You never seemed particularly interested in inner decoration before."
I follow her with my eyes for a moment longer with no particular reason but to delay looking back. And then, finally, I trace with my eyes over the familiar curve of the head and the line of the back I know so well. I could draw it in my sleep. The first pang of pain and joy is too much, so I just stand there, my teeth on edge. I swallow and look at him. He's walking back to a bench –
Tony: Me too. Me-fucking-too.
The time stone was the last one, and I'd just returned it. It was supposed to be an easy mission, in and out. But now I lingered, reluctant to leave. I had no idea why. Maybe I wanted someone to guess what I was about to do and say something like oh-no-you-can't-do-that-it's-insane. Just, stop me before I make another mess. Then again, that would have probably just made me more determined to do what I meant to. I took all the stupid with me when I started on this journey, after all.
"Well..." Tony began. "I then asked if we could tell that to the press we were engaged nevertheless, and later we could just break the engagement, and it would be just another scandal, who cared..." But then Tony noticed Happy was frozen in place. "He just stood there, trying not to scowl. It was so obvious something was wrong, but for the life of me I couldn't figure out what." Tony kept pressing, and in the end Happy said how it wasn't cool, and that proposals weren't jokes. "He was being so weird about the whole thing."
He sipped the familiar hot beverage. It was vile, and it burned his tongue, and it helped him focus.
Tony: He's all right. I'm not risking telling you anything else, because safety, not that I know much, but he's fine as long as he stays away.
Stark, for twelve gods' sakes. He didn't
And then Rhodey seemed to wake up. He took in Tony's appearance. Frowned. "Are you okay, Tones? What happened to you?"
In a flash, Tony remembered the strange defensiveness in Steve's voice as he told Tony he was going to be volunteering tonight. Tony instantly felt like shit – what else was new? – for thinking Steve was simply being a righteous ass about it. "Like your work at the soup kitchen or your support group?" he asked softly. It was about time they stopped assuming what the other would say; it was high time they started actually talking to each other. Really talking. Even if nothing happened tonight – which would probably be for the best, anyway. Even in that case, they couldn't let this chance slip away. At least they could use it to repair what they'd lost. They obviously meant something to each other. They could at least relearn how to be friends.
A sudden smile split Roger's face; he quickly looked down and hid it behind his hand, but it was unmistakably there. Tony was mesmerized. He found he couldn't look away. His lips stretched wryly in response to his own reaction. Well, he could count this as a win, he supposed.
. I’m done with that.”
, he thought, because it seemed so long ago, before he'd discovered even the faint trace of feelings for Steve. And now there was something brewing between them, and he wasn't sure he wanted it to brew to completion, whatever it was, but oh, he wanted to sneak a peek and see if Steve was
I didn't sign the Sokovia Accords, no. To me, this whole thing, with the Avengers falling apart, wasn't about the Accords, and after I took the time to actually study them closely, you know what, they aren't so bad at all, but they are steeped in bureaucracy, and a lot of points there are unclear. And there are always the official channels, the official channels are good, it's like that with the police too. Police forces of different countries will cooperate, and there's also INTERPOL, but it takes time, and it's clunky, and it doesn't always work the way it's supposed to. Sometimes it works perfectly. But when you are after a dangerous criminal who could inflict a lot of damage
or nothing. Also, doctors are snobs. Evidently. What's wrong with a bit of a space opera? Apart from the fact that we are living one and it's way less fun."
Just like I couldn't imagine a world in which Steve didn't love his Tony. I wanted to believe it. Maybe we were just subjective, and blind, but it actually made me smile.
Thinking he can guess Steve's preferred route is probably pure arrogance on Tony's part. But if he knows Steve at all – does he? – he's gone out in order to clear his head, and he's gone down his favorite route, out of the Compound and down the country road to the nearby town.
"If you say so," Tony allowed noncommittally. "Either that or your grandmother has a really wild imagination. And you must love her very much, to wear that in public. Must be nice." Steve thought he heard a wistful note in that last sentence, but then it disappeared and he figured he must have been mistaken.
"I thought we agreed this morning," Steve says. "No presents."
for real.
The world around him came back with an explosion of color and sound, intrusive and garish and unbearable, but somehow he got his senses back, he got his focus back.
"And," Tony continued, "then I saw your face, and that was it. Because, see, I spent my childhood staring at your posters." The silence didn't last a significant amount of time, but in Tony's mind it was a desert of quietness. "
, he corrected himself, no one called them papers anymore. But that was one of the things that took him aback at first. It was next to impossible to be anonymous today. For Steve, this was wild and incomprehensible – why would people trade their privacy for convenience? He loved how useful the new technology could be, though.
I laughed. I shouldn't have, judging by the hurt look Tony shot me, but it was mostly just a strange relief on my part. "He loved you too," I said quickly and with a smile. As if it was a matter of course. As if it made things better in any way.
"Don't stand there in the snow in your slippers," Steve added sourly, for good measure.
Somewhere, everything was possible.
Then, as an afterthought:
Tony: And re. pot, kettle. That's how I know, okay.
And he apparently had no idea what to say to Tony once he did.
"I just asked for a little advance on today's portion," Tony said, and smiled for a moment. And: "She complained? Really? And here I thought I was being perfectly charming." Gods, he should stop chattering, he should just shut up and try to survive this intact.
(See the end of the chapter for
Somehow, the realization just clicked into place . A million other situations with Steve now made a whole different kind of sense. And he was so close, so close now, and he was looking into Tony's face with that earnestness of his. There was something so fundamentally honest about him that Tony suddenly wanted to tell him the whole story that nobody but Rhodey and Fury knew in full. Not because it was so important to hide it, but because telling it to people would mean sharing the burden; it made you feel lighter, afterwards. And Tony didn't want that. It was his own, self-imposed penance, to keep that story close to his heart, always, and not let its impact lessen with time.
So many things needed clearing out.
Tony made a step towards him, but Steve stopped him with a glance. He came to him instead, halted a few inches away, not touching him. He let his hand wonder up Tony’s inner thigh, teasingly slow, feather-light. The other one found it’s way to the nape of Tony’s neck, guiding his head slightly to the side, giving better access to Tony’s neck. Tony complied happily. Steve’s warm breath tickled his neck for a second, then his lips, met skin, dragging against it, kissing gently, then harder. An army of fiery ants danced up and down Tony’s inner thighs; he stood stock-still. And then, when the sensation was getting too much, too sharp, he felt Steve’s hand cup his balls, thumb them lightly, then close around the root of his cock. The ring of his fist traveled up its length, calluses rubbing against Tony’s tender skin, with pressure that was almost too intense to be comfortable. As Steve rubbed the tip of his thumb up and down the cleft of the cock, Tony shuddered violently, and felt his knees turn to water.
So – maybe? Casually? Tony could do it, right, he did it with other people? He'd said so, back when. And Steve had seen him on the balcony, and there was something going on there for sure, but it couldn't be serious or Tony wouldn't be here, with him now. (Tony'd never do that.) But if he could have some kind of on-and-off relationship (whatever) with Peter Quill, then why not with Steve? Steve tried to suppress an unwanted stab of jealousy, with little success.
Tony: So what, you think I should take them but you don't want them yourself?
I did indeed know it, and I said so, so we got up and went that way, because, "I can't process this without food," Tony said. It was so like him, again, that I could barely cope with the happiness that hummed inside me. It immediately made me feel guilty.
, Tony thought, and tried again. This time he didn't refrain from looking at Rogers. He talked, animatedly, even cracked a few jokes. He would gaze at everyone in the audience
"He's been hurt," Darryl responded. Of course, this was when the comms died.
to go and ask the hard question, did he? Tony presses the stop button. He looks into the mirror, and meets the serious and unblinking eyes of Steve's reflection. He sighs.
Tony: And I’m sick of my personal life being demolished
"Hey there." Tony didn't want to yell. He wasn't exactly whispering either, but his voice was quiet and even.
"I should be going," Steve said, as amiably as he could, raising to his feet. "We should appoint a new judge, and there's a lot of work to be done."
Tony's guts were ice. After a time, you stopped feeling the cold. That was how it went with hypothermia.
Cap turned as he heard Tony's running footsteps, his eyebrows climbing and climbing.
All of a sudden Tony could feel him – Steve's shoulder against his chest, Steve's face abruptly so close to his own, unnaturally close, his breath on Tony's cheek like a heatwave. He turned his head, a minuscule motion that seemed to last centuries. He met Steve's gaze. Expected to find accusation there.  Didn't. He didn't quite know how to read that expression – eyes wide, unblinking, lips half parted. Blood roared in his ears like a thousand heavy engines. Steve's fingers still dug into his shoulder to the point of bruising pain. Were his lips inching towards Tony's? Or was it the other way around?
with other marines, and now reassigned to
Tony told himself he didn't give a fuck. No fucks to see here, move along. Find a different fuck-dispenser for your fuck-dispensation needs.
It's warm on Titan, and it takes only minutes for your nose and eyes and mouth to dry out. It's too dry for you to even sweat. It's as if the place is sucking every drop of moisture out of you.
Tony: Don't sweat it.
"Don't even think about it," Carol said as Tony turned to Rhodey with a mock desperate expression on his face. Rhodey grinned and gave him a helpless shrug. Not even a quip? Seriously, he definitely seemed distracted tonight. Tony would have to drag him to the side and ask him what that was all about.
"Elevator not working?" Tony asked. He was only slightly winded.
They got to Tony's porch now.
Tony: I was being sarcastic. And this was probably the nicest trolling of my sarcasm that was ever done to me.
Steve blinked. "You forgot?"
hungry." His voice is unnecessarily loud, and when his arm snakes around Tony's waist, pulling him in, Tony thinks he's getting his due payback for today. Then Steve's hand finds its way into the back pocket of Tony's jeans and
Later that day, Natasha came back from wherever she'd been and coolly informed them that, for the next day's prank, the techs planned to spill grease along Tony and the gang's usual path.
,” he slurred into Steve’s shoulder. And there was a sensation of Steve pulling away for a moment, by then, almost at once, Tony found himself propped up against a warm torso, two firm arms around him, and the blankets wrapped about them both, like a wooly tent. A part of him knew this was... not their normal, but that part got shushed into submission, and with a last effort of will Tony let his arms sneak around Steve’s waist, because that was the one major, important thought he refused to let go of: Keep Steve warm. Keep Steve safe.
," Tony said. They
must have approved the dolls, and I know for a fact you don't have a PR team to handle such things for you."
I apologize for adding to the number of planned chapters, constantly. But I keep thinking I'll be able to wrap it all up in two chapters, but the things keep happening, the plot keeps happening. This chapter was unplanned, but felt totally necessary. The ending is in sight, I promise!
"Bed," Tony breathed.
He placed the tip of his cock at the rim of Tony’s hole and pushed. Hard. And with a flash of pain, the head was in, stretching, burning. Steve was
" Too sharp, and probably rude. "I have Morgan for Christmas Eve," he elaborated in order to soften his words. "She's spending it with me, I mean. I'm spending it with her." If he didn't stop talking right now, he'd probably say
Steve, as soon as humanly possible. He also had a jet waiting to take him and Pepper to Beijing for a business meeting; his schedule was more packed than ever these days. As per usual, the world wouldn't leave them be even for a moment.
"Wanna do it now?" I asked lightly. He stared. The excitement that was burning low in my stomach warped my perception.
it was becoming apparent she had a crush on Steve the size of the hill the town was situated on. Tony wouldn't be surprised if the grandmother had a crush on Steve too. Even the waitress was looking at him with heart eyes now that he'd ’saved’ her, as she put it.
Strangely enough, his eyes never locked on Steve's. He was doing his best not to look over, true. Maybe Steve was avoiding him as well. Maybe what happened on that gurney was too much. For the umpteenth time Tony promised himself to stay away and leave the guy alone, especially if Steve was in a mild state of brain fog due to exhaustion and painkillers.
"Yes. I, ah. I didn't want to wake you."
would not be a disaster." She had a no-nonsense way of speaking, but at this instant she sounded almost mild.
Steve gave his semi-amused nod, and Tony thought it was probably worrisome he could identify Steve's semi-amused nod. Also, the semi-amused meant only that there was another 'semi' in there, and that 'semi' was quite serious.
Tony: What?
"And what if you love someone as a friend?" Tony challenged.
Tony: I just needed to know you're okay.
At that moment, Tony had fully expected Steve to walk out of the room and vanish; in the morning he would have already been gone, skied off to somewhere, away, to his rendezvous point with his chopper, or all the way to Italy, or whatever. Scrupulously having made the bed and removed all traces of his stay. And that would have been it. For them, it
"In case I haven't made it clear," he said, "I'm extremely glad you're here."
"Guess he's cute; I'd do him," he said, just to be obnoxious.
, Steve. And I told you you needed to be careful, I told you. But do you ever listen? No.”
Tony: It matters.
Tony didn't appear to be in too much pain over this, at least at the moment. He seemed to be over the initial hurt, and he was now able to analyze. He wasn't heartbroken exactly, Steve didn't think so. Surprised and disappointed at the outcome, perhaps, but not heartbroken.
worse.
Tony sighed.
Tony: Wow, this escalated quickly.
Tony: Okay, so listen.
"Carol, Natasha," Tony yelled. "How do you feel about going with them, seeing about their civil liberties being protected and stuff?"
And yet... Maybe because they'd just actually
Well... He won't know if he doesn't ask, right? Tony couldn't resist one last attempt.
Earlier, Tony may have wanted the apologies. Not any longer. Not now that everything had gone to hell. Somewhere in these corridors he'd mislaid his residual resentment, and all he now had was a grayish melancholy because after this, they weren't going to get a chance to set things right. This was it. It was over. "I'm sorry too, old buddy," Tony said sadly, and wanted to go on, say something that would make everything better, for the little while they had left, but instead Steve continued.
"You know,
?" That's the first thing Tony says. "You're telling me you've been working with Fury all this time? On the Q.T.? And
was precisely what he didn’t want to get into in the first place.
think that in these circumstances we need to... Maybe we have to make
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Steve snapped and pulled his zipper down forcibly. He then opened the jacket and put his arm around Tony as they walked, wrapping the warm garment around him, so that both of them fit inside, more or less.
back?"
there, how bad is it?"
What Tony had loved before now seemed like a cardboard cutout (like a paper doll they wouldn't let you play with as a kid because you were a boy, for fuck's sake). He looked at the metaphorical doll in his hands and just shrugged noncommittally. What he now wanted was to take a million of Steve's brain-scans and paste them all over the walls and stare at them for hours (he was more or less aware normal people probably wouldn't consider this particularly romantic). In any case, his own glaring hurt had slowly retreated, step by step, faced with Steve's pain and regret regarding everything that had happened – the feelings Tony had become illogically, unexpectedly privy to against all odds; in the end, his own pain had mostly bowed out and taken a back seat for the rest of the ride.
Because, if they actually
Tony: You know, I was about to say 'yes, I lied in order to fuck with you head', but I thought you might take me seriously even for a moment, and you know what, I'm not that much of an asshole.
And as much as Tony wanted to dismiss this, he had to admit it made a certain convoluted kind of sense. Besides, it didn't matter if he agreed with it or not. It was Steve's decision. This was what Steve wanted, and Tony could only be grateful he finally had an explanation.
"And he loved them," he interrupted. "I'm sure of it. And he also loved you. You can't tell me otherwise. He was Tony. Whatever else is or isn't true about a universe, it's true that Tony loves his Steve, in whatever manner."
He thought a shiver went through Steve, but it was probably just chills. Good that Tony had given him a blanket.
" she said. "That's what's stopping you? Out
Yes, Tony thought, with a certainty brought by the fact their time together will, from now on, be measured in hours, not days and years and even decades. Yes, Tony loved Steve, desperately and hopelessly and with resignation. Because, he was perfectly sure of one thing: Steve didn't love him back. Why would he? Liked him – yes, Tony was pretty sure of that once he looked at it rationally, removing his own insecurities from the picture. But Steve liked nearly everyone. Did he want Tony, then? Yes, Tony thought so, but Steve had to figure that one on his own. Sadly, though, the two didn't equal love, and why was the fact breaking Tony's heart all over again? He was supposed to be resigned to that. No, he would have enough time to ruminate on that during the long, boring hours in Fury's firefly freighter. Because Tony couldn't stay here, now that he had a chance to leave. He couldn't stay and kill himself with whiskey and have his heart cracked a little more every day.
"If we are going to do this, we are going to have to actually talk about it," Tony says with more confidence than he feels, and Steve nods.
Silence reigned supreme between them; Tony didn't know how to read it. He didn't know anything any more.
Tony: ahahahaha
look again. No, he had to be doing it on purpose, he had to. “Where it’s warm this time of year?” he asked mildly. “Sunny? No snow?”
Steve turned, as if startled. "Using?"
that," he breathed. "All you do is keep saying he and I aren't the same person. I got it." He sounded somewhat irritated with me, of all things. And while that's not exactly unusual, there also seemed to be a tinge of something else in his voice. A hint of hurt? Perhaps. As if he was saying
Still, as Steve's eyes sank into his own, there was a moment of peace, of quiet understanding – both of them were there, miraculously all right, and the day wasn't a disaster after all, and they didn't really need to talk to convey what they were both thinking – we're okay. Everything was, for the moment, okay. The release of tension threatened to turn Tony's knees into jelly; hell, maybe Steve would even be in the mood to help him walk if he played this right?
one more time. Nine days of Thor... well, okay, so Thor was mostly calm and collected, but that was just him mentally preparing to get his hands on whoever was responsible for this. He did mutter darkly to himself a lot, though.
, Tony thought feverishly. He didn't want to answer any difficult questions right now.
This time around I'm older than Tony, though, and it's a relief. I'm 79. My bones are creaky and my reflexes aren't what they used to be even ten years ago; the other day I had to go get glasses. Tony was a little devastated for my sake; me, I don't mind. This way I'm  back to sharper lines  and better judged distances.
I here? I owed him an explanation.
. "Aren't they
Tony: And I can see the point of Clint doing this, oh, I'm just a poor guy with no super powers, your average joe bullshit. Not bad, Barton, not bad. Tell him hi from me.
that?" Tony bursts out as soon as they are in the room and the door is locked.
"Rose Hill."
AUDIENCE: [laughter]
"You don't get to steal my thunder," he says peevishly. And then, before I can ask, he's holding me by both my shoulders, staring up at my face, unblinking. "I'm not making the same mistake with you. Of failing to say what I came to say. So, here it is: I love you." It sounds like a challenge, the way he says it, but by the time it reaches my brain, it's somehow turned into a gentlest whisper.
Okay. All right.
For a second Steve inspected the slash down the front of his suit; it tended to fall open at the most inopportune moments during combat (Tony had noticed). Then, apparently deciding this made sense, he shrugged and put the vest on.
He decided the whole talking thing had been a mistake. What the hell was there to talk about? Why would he care anyway? Tomorrow they could review possible plans for escape, see if anything was viable. If so, well, fine. They'll get out, they'll part their fucking ways and that would be it. They should still be able to do that much, even if they had to work together. And if Rogers insisted on still acting like a child, fine, that was his problem.
Tony: Just imagine what I would be sending if I actually still liked you.
Tony: That's the enthusiasm we all know and love.
"Meh," Tony said, insincerely. "Anyone can sprint." He leapt over a puddle and landed with a small splash, into a strategically placed another. He swore.
“Skiing,” Tony repeated, tossing the word over his shoulder like a bone, forcing his most offhanded manner, “a nice day for it.” He waved towards Steve’s skis in the corner. He’d ventured another expedition into the kitchen, rescued two plates from an acute case of frostbite.
, but now he was wearing a cadet jumpsuit too.
know that," I retort. "Come on, come here."
“Well, they sure as hell weren’t Helen-Cho-approved.”
"Yeah," Tony said. "It's only mild, though."
Tony: Steve? You need to talk to me now.
Tony: u dont know anythng
“Yes, well, you know how it is.”
"I heard you cough through the wall. The tea will do you good."
Steve was here. Tony himself had this amazingly idiotic way of showing it, but having someone share the darkness with him was almost exhilarating at times. At
"Where's Darryl? Have you found him? Where's Cap? Stark, you okay?" Thor had asked urgently before they lost the signal. Well, at least he had his priorities straight, eh? A moment later, Tony had the channel working again.
It was a little chilly in here, Steve had to admit, and he could have sworn there was a draft. (If he mentioned it, Tony would say something on the lines of 'it must be something only old people can feel'.) (No, he probably wouldn't, not any more.)
"Ah all right," Tony relented. "But I'm not letting you anywhere near the thermal processing."
"No, Tony," he said earnestly, and now he sounded more like himself. "Never."
Tony: Yep.
," he said. "You didn't fall through the ice. You
"Among other things," Steve said serenely. For the first time in many months, he felt a pure wave of happiness wash over him as they walked side by side.
They were alone together, in a prison cell. It would be only natural to...
"So, the music or the people?" he heard himself ask, and his tone was light, playful. Maybe there was nothing wrong with just fun, after all.
kissing back – that was unmistakable – Tony noticed that he wasn't holding onto him, he was just standing there, not exactly passive but still, as if undecided somehow. And that... Well, that just wasn't Tony's style. Suddenly, there was a  coldness in his gut, not of the numb kind, but heavy and very much
", Tony interrupted. "You'd have to be made of stone not to be traumatized after everything that happened to you." He jumped up from the chair, started to pace, changed his mind. "Nothing wrong with admitting it."
STARK: [startled] What?
The armor and the sword were new, but Steve couldn't
Tony: I'm just supposed to make it clear that whatever you lot are doing has got nothing to do with the Avengers any longer. Yay. And not take any questions.
"Yeah, I'm not either," she says. He can see she's hiding hurt, though. Natasha is easier to read these days. Maybe she's losing touch in the aftermath of the Snap, or maybe it's that she's quite drunk. They both are.
"Yes, boss." Then, without prompting: "He went out without going to his guest room first. His luggage is still there."
Because Tony's arm was rising on its own, and Tony wasn't sure what the limb's intentions were (maybe to check Steve's pulse, like in the vision? But that was too morbid. Or perhaps to touch him on the shoulder, to make sure he was real. Or maybe, just maybe, to shake his hand like a normal person would). But the motion seemed to break the spell, and Steve closed the final distance between them, and all of a sudden Tony went rigid with nervousness, and he thought:
Tony's eyes had met hers over the distance, and she seemingly tried to tell him something with that look, although he had not the slightest idea what.
that stance of his. Then finally, finally, his eyes rested on Steve’s face. It wore a slight frown of consternation.
). And the eyes, and the smile, and... And Steve kept looking away. He kept drawing his hand away, more and more attuned to Tony's games. As if Tony's hand brushing against his was electrically charged. Only, it didn't necessarily mean something
"Is Thor bothering you?" Steve asked quietly.
"December 15th," Steve said. "I think. That may have been yesterday." He sounded unsure.
Tony: You asleep?
"Oh, did you two lovebirds decide to come here because you saw online that the honeymoon suite was available?" she chirps. "It's
She turned abruptly, then seemed to sag in her suit. "Okay, thank the gods," she said. She sounded breathless through her helmet.
about Tony, Steve just wasn't sure Tony saw it. He
Then Tony got it. It was lovely, really, how unguarded his expression was when he figured Steve couldn't see him. "You mean Peter Quill," he said slowly. And then
"I can’t believe that I’m having breakfast with two of my heroes," Peter said. "Thanks again, Mr. Stark, for the tremendous opportunity."
Tony: god
"Okay, then," Tony breathed against his neck. "What do you want to do?"
. Suddenly, forcibly, the increased gravity pushed him down into his seat, and he felt his heart rate speed up. A surprised, delighted laugh escaped his lips. This felt like the real thing, like real flying. He'd
Tony: Coming to think of it, maybe I WILL send Vision next time. Take one for the team, Jewelhead.
Tony: Oh, so you don't put out on the first date, eh? Not before she buys you dinner at least. How far did you let her get? Second base? Do tell. I'll go get some popcorn.
