Ben knew he was checkmated. He cared for his little crew the way any good king cared for his loyal knights, he would not add to their work. And he knew that if he forced the issue, Castiel would retaliate as silently promised; he might not like it, but this was one lesson that was crucial. Castiel knew the power of princes, how to use it and how to keep it. A rule to do so was: never make a threat or a pledge that you cannot uphold. While Ben had to learn his own lesson: that even for kings, actions had consequences. The greater the man, the greater the consequence, for him or for his people...
“Yer Highness,” Ellen rapped out, spelling the next step in Castiel’s path of thorns. She’d emerged from the west wing, her coiffe askew as usual. Dame Ellen had been the housekeeper for twenty years, but before that she’d worked an inn in which king John had planned one of the key battles in the war, and she had, said the rumor, given him some pretty good advice along with a goblet of strong homemade brew and lamb stew. Castiel dismissed most of the fantasies swirling around Lawrence, but he found himself believing that one without any problems. It would explain why the housekeeper of a large castle could master many of her assigned tasks, yet lacked a certain
The man looks up from the ledger he’d been scratching in in a dilettante way. He examines Castiel more closely, especially the eyes, then he straightens up a tad.
Rowena does a splendid job at pretending not to hear that. She has selective deafness down to a fine art.
Three minutes later he gets a text from Dean: ‘Heard you called. Doing fine. Working with Rowena. Talk to you later.’
“...Am I humble?” This  is not a trait traditionally associated with angels, though its opposite, pride, is bad since it leads to downfalls such as Lucifer’s.
“Actually it can, a little. And it is addictive. It was the principle of the thing. It went the way of tobacco, coca, opium and the rest.”
Colt took a sip. Then he said, “In the autumn of 1835, I got very drunk one night, and I warn you varmints, any interruptions and I start all over again. That especially goes for you, angel. You’re gonna figure things out halfway through, and if you start jumping all over the place, I’m gonna stop. The boys here are in deep trouble, like, the deepest. We all are. And it’s in part my own doing. It’s my story to start with, so I get to tell it my way.”
Thing One: in this kind of situation, Sam will go to any lengths to get Dean off of death row, even sinking as low as fucking faith healing. For normal folk, it’d be a waste of good money. For monster magnets such as the Winchesters, Sammy’s bright idea ends up accidentally killing this other poor dude; a teacher, a human rights activist, the kind of guy for whom the expression ‘pillar of the community’ is coined. But can it really be said to be accidental? Sure, Sammy didn’t
“See what you did with your apocalypse?” the grump tossed over Dean’s head to Cas who had finally trailed after them, looking very unhappy. “Back in my days, young ’uns used to be polite.”
“The next message should be around here somewhere,” Dean muttered, looking around. “Man, come on, where is it … I want to sleep...”
Castiel reined himself in. It sounded nice, bar a few big IFs, but he did not know for sure that was what the Machine wanted. If it was, then glory be. If not, then he still had the basics of his mission. Somehow get along with the human - the hostile, puzzling and occasionally annoying human - and at least get this union to work.
Moved by instinct, Castiel gets to his feet and quickly approaches the den until he can clearly hear, through two walls and a door, Sam’s sleepy, “Crowley, this better be-”
Dean’s glare could have melted the walls of the metal dome around them, and sent the squirrel, who’d poked a cautious nose out of a knot in the tree’s boll, scurrying for cover.
That’s what bit down hard. Dean was a linchpin, his life had the weight of a bullet about to be spent. But Sam... Sam was his brother, his only family, his everything, and Sam was brilliant, committed, he could- he could change the world if only they gave him a chance, he-
“Is the spell not working?” The words, tense and worried, slip out before his better judgment can catch them. He wants to make Dean feel better, not to have to admit what his tone has already implied, that things are not going well.
The grin widens, shows teeth. It’s not threatening, it’s appreciative, almost encouraging. Like he’s downright proud of Dean for making such a lovely threat in the circumstances. Something deep in Dean’s gut goes cold, hard, uncomfortably sharp. With a curt gesture he pushes back his hood so it won’t impair his range of vision. He’ll negotiate while he can, but he has a feeling this ain’t gonna end in a handshake and a mutual parting of ways.
Dean grabs himself by the scruff of the metaphorical neck and hauls himself and his inner beastie away, makes it go sit in the corner for a minute. He also separates his mouth from Cas’s and hauls in a breath.
“A bunch of rich jerks got roofied at an expensive golf resort in Denver,” Sam says, intense excitement in his voice.
Although he pretended to be merely resigned to her chatter, Dean had in fact been her ardent pupil two decades back when he’d first tasted her pies. He still dropped by her place once a week when he could. Even though he could make his own pies now, Donna’s were still the best. They’d remained good friends, until The Thing happened.
”...I need to point out, for the safety of my brother and myself, that if I accidentally, um, that is-”
“Put me down on the ground, and get these things out of my back,” Cas said in a ‘what did you think?’ kind of way.
Then he catches himself, because an angel who falls from grace for a mortal at just the right time and is willing to sacrifice an eons-long existence in the blink of an eye for a man he’s met once, lifting him from perdition… for two hearts to then meet and twine and bind for eternity...It’s not a miracle, there’s a sound chain of events that explains every step of the way rationally, yet ‘miracle’ is still what it sounds like when you think of it.
“I can’t undo complicated crap in the tangle of light and self-righteousness that passes for an angel’s brain,” Colt snorted. “And neither can Gabe.”
“...We don’t even have any knights of hell anymore, not for hundreds of years. The archangels killed them all,” said Crowley, visibly fishing for information as well as a bottle of belladonna in the witch kit.
Charlie, Shake and Spear were there shortly afterwards. Charlie’s hands glinted strangely and their collective footsteps were completely inaudible. Neat trick. Once they were out of town and deep in the Wilds, Dean would get her to share it.
Yes, Swan Prince does indeed forget who he is at the break of dawn. That first night he led Dean through the dense wood by flying overhead and showing him a faster route back to the border, one that sheared days off Dean’s return, turning a week-long trek into a three-day jaunt. Dean was congratulating himself on the time saved, when the sun peeked over the nearest tree, and he went from being guided smoothly through the forest to having to fight his way through brambles and bushes to catch a swan suddenly gone feral, trying to wing its way back to the lake post-haste. Following an early start in the martial arts as well as years of adventures and travails, Dean’s grown to become one of the best hunters in the Thousand Kingdoms, no boast, but he tends to be rather better at killing things than catching them unharmed…
Castiel frowns distractedly at the motel’s Vacancy sign. For months now he’s talked with Dean over the phone, he’s grown used to the auditory background over the line. Dean usually calls him outside with the sound of crickets or the whine of the wind as a faint chorus, depending on the season. Wherever he and Charlie have stashed Rowena is somewhat isolated, remote; the best place to sequester a powerful witch. The most Castiel has ever heard over the line was the hum of electric wires, the growl of a car motor from an infrequently used road nearby, and the distant cry of a baby, presumably some neighbor’s child.
Cas didn’t comment or insist. That was unexpectedly insightful and kind of him, and Dean was damned if he understood why it made him want to pick a fight all the more.
Jo stopped filling a glass and thumped down the jug. “Let’s get one thing straight, you all know where I stand on angels.” She strode over to Castiel, still in the parlor doorway. “But I know where I stand on family, too. You saved my brothers’ lives, Castiel. For that, you’ll always be welcome. Even if they're a pair of knuckleheads-“
“No, I think your husband has a better chance of finding out about them. I’m digging around for dirt on our side of the fence. You know, it just occurred to me how very bizarre those two sentences are in conjunction... But we shouldn’t talk about it here, trust me. In no way, shape or form do you want to be in this house when I tell you about this.”
Dean’s struck dumb until Cas kindly adds: “If you get gored by a wild boar or eaten by a bear, I’ll undoubtedly miss your questions and arguments after awhile.”
John almost tosses his tea to the floor, eyes sharp and fierce like he’s wonderin’ what the fuck is going on over in the eastern part of his camp!
at him...and then the cat would be out of the bag. They had one last night, and tomorrow morning, when they were walking through the heart of the fortified compound towards Bartholomew’s office or whoever was going to be their designated interrogator, they would have to slip away.
He took a long drink - only water, unfortunately - and then sighed, putting a final conclusion to the story in the same way he capped his canteen. “Yeah, their different views on Paradise set the wedge, and then the people they were just kept them apart.” Like me and you.
Dean half shrugged. “They can. I can tell them to take a leap. It’s something we humans have called free will. But Uriel-“
The man stands up, making Dean tense, but the stranger merely walks slowly forward a few paces and waits for them.
of this?” Though the boxes are not too big, they dragged up a lot of them. They can’t bring all this back.
Having reassured his fellow omegas by promising them all sorts of horrible things if they break his aerial while setting it up (Cas’s people skills are… very much his own, let’s say), Cas picks up the box with the precious radio inside and follows Dean into the roadhouse, the beta three steps ahead to make sure Ellen collared all the traders here and consigned them to their separate barracks.
“Don’t think about it too much, to tell you the truth,” Dean finally admits. “Vic’s in charge. Firmly in charge. And I’m fine with that. Which is good. Friction between us would have meant he’d have chased me out, and, well, Sammy’s kinda shaping up to take over for dad, so… I’d have to leave.”
“Very well,” is Castiel’s immediate and dutiful answer, though he would have preferred to get the order from Dean directly… it’s an odd little thought that drifts through the back of his mind which is mostly dedicated at present to quartermastery and battle plans.
Days go by after dealing with that possessed pentecostal, and instead of getting nearer to his prey, Castiel feels like he’s flying backwards.
The angel strode up to him - and leaped back as Dean pulled the angel blade from its hidden scabbard and scythed out to hamstring the fucker.
“I’m not sure I’m letting anyone on that expedition next month,” John points out aridly, scratching his cheek. “Vic told me about that Crowley character. That was odd, him bypassing the roadhouse. But this…? If this Neely hadn’t tried to take a swipe at Jo, I could have assumed he bought the book off Crowley. Traders swap stuff all the time.”
The coded message he’d gotten yesterday was running through his mind. It had come straight from the Joker himself this time, the head of one of the branches of the resistance, the ‘four and twenty blackbirds’. That meant enough danger to go around. The Joker was a rebel who’d been around since the Big A, a master of mojo, an inspiration to all who opposed the Host. Also a guy with a seriously strange sense of humor. He’d set that trap that doused Naomi in Paradise 102 with an entire tank of warm honey ten years back; honey mixed with holy oil so she couldn’t wish it away. Rumor had it she had to shower for two days straight before her vessel would stop sticking to stuff. How the hell the Joker had managed that was a mystery. Why he hadn’t used some of the few things that could kill an angel of her stature was another. Fear of reprisals on the scale of Paradise 45, perhaps? Weird to think the guy with the quirky wit had been John Winchester’s cell leader out in the Wilds - and even a friend, if Bobby were to be believed. War made for strange alliances.
Luke’s features take on this expression of pride that Dean thinks is the underpinning of the motherfucker’s entire personality. “Our base instincts can be overridden. It’s not easy, but neither is it hard. It’s just an effort that those rolling in the muck of this primitive world can’t be bothered to provide. But this much is already possible.” He spreads out his arms as if inviting them to admire him. “Focus. Concentration. Dialectical and cognitive therapy. I elaborated the treatment myself, and I’ve been applying it for four years now.”
“I am not tired. I merely need to retire to my room to consult my books.” Rowena, with great dignity, sails off towards the door. They’ve each taken a concrete box of a room in this row of disused storage containers. It’s the same place Linda Tran was held in once, and in which Dean and Sam did some demony pest control to get her out. It was left empty as a consequence, owned by nobody on paper and too spooky for sane people to approach. Good real estate, in sum, as long as you don’t mind traces of long-dried bloodstains, and it comes with loads of discretion wards and a pre-wired camera setup that Charlie has gone to town on.
“Haven’t you been listening? Mike has lost the plot and he’s not listening to Daddy surrogate anymore! Having a powerful seraph getting hooked to a human could compromise his control over the Host. So Akobel and Lilly got ‘reassigned’ away from P1 and disappeared off the face of the map, and everybody who wondered what the hell, got either killed too if they were human, or had a trip to Naomi’s little inner sanctum. And Metatron ‘fixed’ the machine so angels and humans couldn’t get united any more. That last was a hack, pure and simple, and seems the Machine managed to kick it off eventually, which will put a bug up Mike’s butt. But too late to do anything about it: shit like that going down in P342? Nobody shuts up there. Besides, the news has spread too far now. You saw how the bible thumpers in your gulch reacted, right? That’s how they’re reacting all over the place, like this union is the coming of the New Age within the New Millennium, like it’s the final fruition of the Plan. If Mike wants to break that, he’ll have to do it very, very publically, and get the entire Host wondering what he’s up to - which he’ll do, mind you, but I’m sure it made him pause, and allowed me to get my own plans in place. Dad did a great job in arranging some protection. In addition to bringing joy and happiness to two beautiful hearts and all their friends and family!”
Sam glares at the top of her head, crosses his arms over his chest and stays right where he is, though Dean has to agree, his brother does look a little green around the gills. He’d been the one to find Dean first, lying on the kitchen floor in a pool of bloody fluids with the baby lying across his abs, Dean holding on to tiny feet and a skull no bigger than a baseball to stop the baby from sliding off onto tile, all the while yelling for help.
“But that’s the cost of survival, isn’t it. That’s what he said. Michael. And a part of me knows he’s right. If I rock the boat with my ideas, the benefits may be minute, even nonexistent, and in the meantime we could all flounder and drown. We, humanity, we’re clinging on by our fingernails. Dean… our species once boasted metropolises of more than ten million people. Can you even imagine that? That’s probably more than the entire world population at present. And Michael is so proud of his one thousand pure saved souls, so sure it’s a sign of God’s blessing rather than the result of indoctrination, rigid rules, luck and good management of this
“Music hall actresses with their talent down their corsets have better delivery than you do. Git out of here if you’re gonna,” he added, making shooing motions. “Me and these humans, we have enough to worry about.”
Dean makes an impatient gesture. “Well, maybe try the essence again, give them a greater dosage. Or - you got anything else from the unicorn that’s not in the form of a pattie?”
Dean glanced behind him as he crossed Maple Street and Severn. Shake and Spear, with Charlie shadowing them, were ten feet behind him, Kevin was further back with Bobby and Margot, Rufus and Clyde were next to Dean. Ash had looked thoroughly unimpressed with Dean’s order to stay back, but had eventually agreed to remain at the Roadhouse with Sam, to ward the place up in case the Seraph did the smart thing and tried getting at him again. Normally, the angels didn’t do the smart thing. They did crazy stuff like stopping the sun, now pinned to the sky like it’d been knifed there, but they didn’t do the obvious stuff like take family members hostage. Still, no need to take chances. Maybe this one was an innovator.
“You’re not just any angel, angel, you’re the most uptight, upright, darn-tootin’ angel of them all,” Dean said drolly. “Take Balthazar. Given the chance of a final roll in the sheets, he’d be all over it, but you? Hah, no way, no how.”
It really does feel like that time he started hunting while also being with Lisa. Like then, he’s been out of the game for a few months - and this time his body’s taken a bloody hit to boot. And when he’s on the job, he can’t stay 100% focused. A part of him is always worried. He has greater responsibilities than deep-sixing some random monster now. Dean is no longer a lone wolf with only a brother and a boyfriend, both tough enough to make it on their own if Dean buys the farm. No, Dean has a small life in his charge now, one that can’t defend itself from what lurks in the night, or even at three o’clock on a sunny Autumn day in rural Kansas like this one right now. Did Sam remember to put the wards up? Will Rowena’s magic choke if they actually need it? Is Rob eating alright? Does he miss his dad? Or does he
Dean is a millisecond away from arguing out of principle, or just exploding outright. On the one hand, yes, he knows his circumstances are both bizarre and dire, but on the other hand he hates all this bloody
“I was tuckered out, I’d have slept on a hornet’s nest. Tonight’s not the same. Don’t you have anything to do?”
He stopped as if suddenly realizing he was talking out loud. He stared at the pillow a few inches from his face, his fingers closing to grip the bullet, knuckles taut and white.
A map of Lawrence flashed through Dean’s mind, every path highlighted, every street known, every house with a set of hostile eyes, every rabbit hole, every nook and cranny. This was his city. The angel could go fuck himself.
Despite every intention of ignoring the follow-through thoughts (- how long had Cas watched humanity? Since the beginning of time? Had he actually been at Sodom and Gomorrah, say?), Dean was distracted enough where he didn’t quite think the next part through. He clambered up to kneel on the edge of the bed, straddling Cas’s lap, hands pushing down on Cas’s shoulders, unthinkingly expecting his greater weight to push Cas to lie back down on the mattress. And when his angel sat there unmoving instead, as solid as the proverbial rock of ages, Dean’s slippery hand skidded off skin, his leg caught in rumpled cover, and he almost went tumbling backwards off the bed.
“How he died exactly is not something I could know.” Not that he sounds like he believes Dean either.
Dean’s toothy grin grows wider, it makes his green eyes crinkle at the sides. “You guys don’t have kings where you’re from, I wager.”
“Hmmm.” Rowena stares into a crystal bowl. She’s filled it with water and small bones (once again, Dean fools himself into believing it’s the bones of birds or some small rodent. Witches, man…)
“- took me to the convent of Marcy, but alas my exhaustion got the better of me and I came down with a paroxysm. I was ill for months, and after that-”
“Yes, though I’m fifth, as it happens.” Cas easily hoists up his box and puts it on top of two others in the storeroom.
“You!” It was fortunate Michael picked up the thread of the conversation as Castiel had no idea where to begin. “You dare- where the devil have you been?! The whole castle has been searching for you! It has been pandemonium! And you burst in here like- like-”
“Yes, thank you alpha,” Crowley interrupts, speaking quickly and with oily politeness, “ah, thank you too, beta, for finding me. You are?”
Then pain blossoms across his forearm and right hand as the knife continues its sweep, slices over the back of his thumb, catches on the revolver’s hammer and wrenches it away.
Dean noted those words, behind the shock and concern peppering his thoughts. The reflexes of the rebel, the planner, the linchpin, were at the fore. It was a given that the opposition was looking for an angle to work this situation, same as the Joker was, no real surprise there. Who was Bartholomew? Someone from the Word? Were they trying to get Dean and Cas to P1 to put on some show for the Lanterns? Or for something more sinister? What was interesting was that Cas and Balthazar had suspected this was coming... and were intent on keeping Dean in Lawrence, out of trouble and out of the limelight. This played right into his suspicions that these two angels might adhere to the celestial Plan - he’d no more believe Cas a traitor than he’d believe himself a collaborator - but that they had their own version of it that might not quite jive with the upper echelon of the Host’s.
“Come on, guys,” Dean coaxes. “We’re just going to the roadhouse. It’s less than an hour away and still within our immediate patrol zone. Nothing out here but goats and gophers.”
“Yeah,” says Dean after pause, “but we stopped you, remember? You lot didn’t have to go Terminator on that kid.
“This would be an actual-... attempt,” Rowena interrupts, still staring at him piercingly as if she can rip out the answer to a question she seems unwilling to formulate.
Dean finds himself caught by the wrist, maneuvered out of his chair and pulled away from the table. The door to the trendy bar closes with a clack behind him before he manages to catch his sagging jaw and slot it back into place.
Castiel’s righteous fury was brought up short like a dog on a leash. “What? Me? But- but- because-...”
choices. Castiel is a killer and a rebel, a traitor and a one-time fallen god. A being who has made many, many mistakes. They are finally coming home to roost.
“Alas, I’ve seen it with my own eyes. He takes the shape of a monstrous bird of prey to fly here from his tower, before changing to-”
“That would imply I’d harm an innocent man as a consequence of not getting what I want,” was the crisp answer.
The two brothers stare at him. Overhead, the electric lights hum, the clock ticks in a corner, counting out more seconds, then minutes.
, “- angel?” Damn mortal lungs! Damn slow healing rate that leaves him at the mercy of coughing fits at the slightest gasp of surprise!
John drums fingers on the table. “From all I hear of him, I don’t think Michael Novak does things in an underhanded manner.” John's tone doesn't make that sound like an out-and-out compliment.
Winchester pack boasts around five hundred members, it’s quite self sufficient. They can manage their own food supply of course, and in addition their large territory covers hills with small iron and copper deposits, a clay pit, a quarry, some old wind-powered oil pumps that still work and bring up enough of the black crap for kerosene, caulking and the like. And then they have solid trade routes going with other packs in the Concordat to barter for what they lack: tin and lead, sulfur and salt and such. In sum, lone traders like this are not a survival imperative. But they are still useful; they bring little pleasures such as gewgaws and new seedlings, sugar and pepper, sachets of spices you can’t get around here, and news, of course. However, they can also bring disease. That’s why they don’t set foot in the camp, they stay at the roadhouse, and the guards there work on a quarantine rotation just to be safe. It’s been that way since Henry’s days as alpha, and it works. That sickness that took out most of Farango pack and a hella lot of people south of them? Didn’t make it here. Neither does the other kind of plague, the one that comes bearing guns and bad intentions. The Men of Letters Concordat have their radio network for that, their intangible net that keeps their packs in touch and communicating despite the distance between them. Dean, as deputy, is well placed to know that this dude Crowley is not on the Expected Guest list coming from any other pack within a month’s march.
Castiel pauses. He hasn’t actually thought the matter through that far. Neither is he used to being questioned on his actions or motivations.
There’s a dozen broken and wounded men lying around on pallets, three quiet women moving from one to the other applying healing magic. Two of them wear wimples, the third has pale gold hair caught in a loose coife, just enough to keep it out of the way. She wears a white dress with the same silver fleur de lis as the knights stitched on the bodice, and she holds a silverwood staff in one hand. She is applying healing magic to a young soldier lying on a pallet and gaping up at her as if he can’t quite believe his senses. The young woman’s eyes dance as she smiles kindly and pats him on the shoulder to indicate she is done. The viciously mangled arm laying across his chest is now completely healed with barely a bruise visible, a quasi miracle.
Ellen comes over to fuss, which just gives Jo’s self-directed ire a new target, but Dean can’t focus on the mother-daughter drama he’s witnessed many times before.
Dean tries to imagine this guy - a guy who can fly - locked ten years in a tower for no particular reason other than paranoia on the part of one parent and indifference on the part of the other. And here Dean thought king John could be a bit high handed and hard assed at times… Not that it was an excuse or anything, but…
“I’ll take care of yours. A proper exchange, as these things are measured, I’m sure, though some things can never be truly repaid, and thus must be seen as gifts, not to be questioned. Am I right? Well, I know I'm right. My head’s pretty dense, but some things I can figure out eventually, given a few years.”
“You done guzzling soon, kiddo?” Robbie’s eyes have gone vacant and he’s blinking more and more. Round one over, round two about to start.
“We’re fine.” Dean pillowed down, smelling his husband’s scent in the familiar duster. “Just not sleepy.”
He feels bad for taking Rowena’s side against Charlie, but Sam’s right: the demonspawn that can blow up bottles isn’t about to put Dean in harm’s way, and even if it does, there’s little they can do about it. And it’s not like Dean is in any hurry to see pictures of the little chestburster. Or come face to face with the child he’s doomed to live with the Mark, either. It’s hard to decide which of those two feelings takes precedence. Dean doesn’t care to examine his motivations too closely; introspection is a closed book to him, one he tends to use for target practice. The bump in his midriff is unobtrusive, the morning sickness has stopped, the feeling of oppression and doom and tension in his gut are just business as usual for Winchesters… At this point, Dean is quite content dwelling in denial, believing the new antichrist is being constructed somewhere in another dimension, or Hell, or Taiwan, and will be delivered without particular fuss, muss or trauma in a few months, possibly by stork.
“This is more important,” Castiel says, and can almost imagine Hannah materializing near the footboard to say it certainly is
Dean doesn’t know how Cas knows. All the doors and some of the walls have plaques with words on them, but they’re faded, brittle, cracked, and written with weird rounded letters that’s a far cry from the simple alphabet Dean learned on blackboards and hand-held slates in school. Cas seems to be able to read them, though, he brushes each plastic sign screwed onto a door or wall as if they’re old friends he’s meeting again. One of those signs lights him up like a bonfire and he throws himself at the doors - only to bounce off, rubbing a bruised arm.
The percolator on the burner started to rumble and burp. As if that’d been a signal, Sam got up to throw wood in the cast-iron oven and get a fire started. The thump of logs, the rustle of wood shavings and the scrrrrich-hiss! of the lucifer match sounded absurdly loud in the ringing silence. At some point they were gonna need to eat lunch and other stuff that seemed so freakishly mundane right this instant, it almost made Dean laugh.
He doesn’t make it. His angel blade only misses by an inch, but it misses, and the demon attacking his flank is faster than he anticipated. The creature’s weapon finds its mark, striking Castiel’s hauberk. The sword doesn’t penetrate the mail, but the blow buffets Castiel to the ground. Ribs crack.
“The Machine can do exactly three things without any input whatsoever,” Gabriel continued blithely. “He suggests the best option for personnel reassignment and human relocation. He manages the infrastructure of our communications - makes sure reports get to where they’re going-“
“The cambion,” Castiel says, helping him out with the term. It is after all an archaic one, those terrible creatures being considerably rarer even than nephilim.
Dean looks at the bottle the bartender’s put on the counter in a desperate bid to get Dean out the door so she can close. He’s paid for it, he intends to leave with it and finish the party-of-one on the way back to the motel, but something, the way his body feels, a raw twinge of pain deep inside, tells him that taking it is a massive bad idea.
Fortunately Gabriel could be counted on to make noise to cover an awkward pause. “I hope I didn’t make Dad’s feat of ingenuity sound easy, right? Because it probably wasn’t. Not only has the Machine been hobbled by Lucifer for ages, but His range has been further reduced since then as well. Turns out Metatron was turning functions off right and left, and inter-species mating was one of them-“
“Cas, it does explain everything,” Sam said quietly, opening his mouth for the first time since the introduction. He’d been listening to Gabriel quietly, gaze flickering towards the archangel and then away again in a manner that riled Dean up without being able to explain why in the slightest.
“Or what?! C’mon, Sheriff.” Dean crooked a finger at him. “Take another shot at me, if you have the balls to-“
Castiel looks away before his chuckles turn into full-on uncontrollable laughter. Oh, dear, he’s laughed and smiled so much in the past year, he wonders at times if he’s not getting dangerously close to some kind of quota reserved for early-thirties gay corporate accountants such as himself…
Dean takes a breath to reiterate, but it cuts off short in his throat. Silently, mysteriously, the words carved into the lintel have changed. They now read, GO AWAY.
“No, you don’t get it,” Balthazar corrected him, eyes still riveted on the floor. “There’s eight angels in this garrison, seven of them complete losers, and Jonah. Jonah is here because Naomi expressly sent him - and that’s weird. But every one of us screw-ups, there’s no clear-cut decision to punish us by sending us here. We just sort of... arrived. All seven of us. That’s a bit of a coincidence. And then there’s all of the others, the humans. Neither John nor Bobby were natives here. John was moved here during a forced relocation that I can find no clear order or effect for. He was a visitor to Paradise 209 where he met Mary and brought her back here, fine, that’s normal enough I guess. But Bobby Singer, Bill Harvelle, the few others I’m pretty sure are railroad- the only native here is Rufus Turner, all the others were moved here at some point or other despite having several black marks against them that should have avoided putting them all together.”
“This it?” Dean guessed, tilting his chin at the perfectly innocuous door that looked no different than any other.
“There’s a single unshot angel at the top of the stairs, so why’s there five bullets missing from this here weapon, fanger?”
“I can’t find him anywhere,” Cas repeated tightly. “I know him, his aura- unless for some reason he’s hidden in one of your warded off areas, Dean?”
“I apologize,” Cas said, looking displeased (not that many humans would have been able to pick up on that, but it was pretty clear to Dean who was starting to know Cas’s little tells). “I would have been done sooner, but Zachariah wished to have words with me.”
Castiel looks down at himself. He’s dripping water, lasagna, he also knocked over the salad bowl so there’s a radish slice stuck to his vest like an oversized clown button among the prim black ones. Dinner’s a total loss, the bread’s on the floor and his dignity left the building hours ago, and Castiel can only conclude, “Ah, I see I’m a bit of a mess.”
They stand next to the room’s mustard-color curtains and let the morning light of Wyoming fall right on the Mark. They stare at it. The Mark that branded Cain a fratricide stares right back, an ugly scar like someone’s doodled on Dean’s arm with a red hot poker. But… it looks slightly less angry today. A little less red...
Though Dean’s rational mind mapped out the raiding party’s origins, aims and everything, he only feels real relief when he has Cas within arm’s reach.
The man gave the revolver Benny was handing him an unimpressed glance. He took it and his eyes narrowed dangerously.
And then there's the most frequently asked question by far, and hell, don’t that say a lot about people’s gutterminds? If this
He expects Cas to have the same queasy feeling written all over his face, but that’s not what he finds there, it’s sheer amazement.
“Me?! You - me?! Without - without - not because you’re grateful or- or you need me or-.... Just me?”
“I guess it is a bit like the knight rescuing the princess from the dragon. Except this time it’s the other way around.”
The mesa crumbled along one side, forcing Dean to take a tack in their direction before aiming himself towards a section of rock, screen and sparse dry trees up ahead. But a dirty figure, hampered by a visibly broken ankle, swollen and suppurating, tumbled out from behind one of the rocks. Another followed. Who knew how many more. Dean could take them, but it’d slow him down, and then the main pack would be on them. Dean changed course abruptly and threw himself back to the safety of the mesa, where the crumbled section and the rising rock protected two of his sides. Cas followed without a word, running with his weapon ready and looking over his shoulder.
“I swear, if he’s messing with us,” Dean started to grumble, ignoring his brother as Cas reached out and put a palm flat on one of the tablets.
“Tough.” Wasn’t as if Dean was keen on this either; he couldn’t face his own emotions, confused and vulnerable as they were, he didn’t want Cas looking at them. But they didn’t have to go there, he’d focus on what he’d seen during the surgery the other day, and he trusted Cas not to rummage.
makes them all jump and Ellen nearly shoots the fucker on the floor by accident. It’s just Charlie though, who sent the door leading from the barrack room to the saloon swinging with a thrust of a hip, hands too full to open and close the damn thing gently like a christian. She’s carrying a saddlebag over her shoulder and two large packs in her arms. The saddlebag hits the floor with a thud and Charlie upends the first pack onto the counter without ceremony, causing a clatter and a racket that has Everett poking his head through the door in alarm.
But then he’ll be shipped off to the barracks and the Ranchers, that’s sort of the default setting, the farms and the fields always need more- more drones. Sweet lord… Or… there’s the middle ground in this disaster: he could be with Adam and Bobby in Makers. He’s good with his hands and all, he could swing it. And, well, then he’d be with Cas too. Maybe help him write his book… The thought is like a lifeline Dean clings to when he feels his whole life slipping under freezing dark waters.
“About our attackers?” Castiel leveraged himself up without any difficulty from the mattress. With a flicker he was fully dressed next to Balthazar, the bed neatly made behind him.
Eileen beamed at him. She swapped her embroidery for the small wax tablet she kept in her girdle. It was the same trick they used in some monasteries enforcing the vow of silence, a brilliant way to get around her shortcomings. Eileen bent her elegant head and scribbled with the attached stylus:
How on earth is he going to explain all this…? Dean didn’t believe him before, how the hell will he believe him now? The marks of offering- maybe one of them, by chance, didn’t fade with the lifeforce of the victim this one time…? Right, so in short, Castiel’s life depends on a miracle, and he is well placed to know just how empty the heavens are, and that there are no such things as miracles anymore...
“This is going to work whatever you and I do, it’s all in the paperwork, not-... What I’m saying, Cas - do you mind if I call you Cas? Less of a mouthful.”
Dean wraps the blanket around himself tighter. “...Though in these circumstances, even the lustiest of knights and ladies wouldn’t do a thing. My own sword is currently the size of an embroidery needle surrounded by two grapes.”
Sam looks terribly disappointed. “I thought they were going to leave you alone for a bit. We could really use your help on this Hecate Cult crap, and, well, it’s been ages since we all hung out.”
To be clear, Dean isn’t exactly trying to die, okay? But he’s not exactly putting the odds of survival on his side, either. He’s not chasing after death, but he’s sure flirting with her like she’s the prettiest girl in the room.
“Yeah, but they don’t know that. Besides, it’s... honestly, when it comes to Marty and Asa and most of the others, I don’t think you make them all that nervous really, it’s more that they’re born and bred to be neighborly in these here parts, and nobody has a fu- freaking clue what to say to you other than ‘Hi, nice weather we’re having’.”
“Me. They might try to kill me. They have no reason to harm you. You and Sam could stay here, you’d be safe. Right?” Cas’s eyes had flickered over Colt, Sam, Benny, settling on Gabriel - he’d looked at everyone except for Dean.
good reasons to say no, and he is busy and tired, and - and getting older, there’s more to his life than fucking now.  He’s not- of course he’s not, there’s nothing wrong with him, that’s just stupid.
Still looking at his husband’s face, Dean eased down to his knees between Cas’s legs. He teased at the pants, pulling down slowly, tugging a little against Cas’s weight when he got to where they were pinned to the covers- then groped wildly and snapped his head down to stare. The cloth beneath his fingers had abruptly vanished. Cas was sitting naked on the edge of the bed as if he did this all day long, his pants nowhere to be seen.
“That is our working hypothesis. It did not feel like the conception of a Nephilim, I know, but it seems Sariel hid the child from us somehow and this may have interfered with the signal.” Hannah's curt tone summarizes the fact that all rules went out the window the day the apocalypse derailed, and now they have to play it by ear. ‘Either way, we have picked up tracks. The mother, the human who birthed the creature, is on the run with it. I have a team in pursuit.”
A knock interrupted them. The door opened a small crack and Ben, cleaned up but still looking a little cowed after his busy morning, prudently looked in. “Um… sorry… is Castiel alright? Um, Ellen wants to know if he needs something, and the weird cook says he’s got something called conson - comsom- something that’s fortifying for him."
His mind dwelled on very distant memories, of cold hard words spoken downstairs when he was supposed to be in bed, hot looks swapped over his head, the way friends would suddenly excuse themselves and leave the room on some pretext as John and Mary stood looking at each other with eyes hard... There’d been love, too; Dean could only recognize now, as an adult, how much love there had also been, but it’d almost acted like two magnets of same polarity, the very strength of it making them too desperate, too intransigent, and pushing the other away. Until one was gone for good, and then that love had dragged John to his own death, leaving his children behind. However hard it had been to be in love with Mary at times, it would have been so much harder to have lost her...
“Dean Winchester is advised to surrender to the garrison. Until he does, I ask that the saved souls of this Paradise remain inside their locked homes. Keep an eye on the streets outside. Pray if you see any suspicious activity. To assist you,” added the voice with a complete lack of emphasis whatsoever, “I am keeping the sun from setting for the next few hours.” Crackle, whine, click, silence.
“Cross’s nails, Dean, why do you have to be cup-shot before we can talk about this stuff?” Sam giggled.
Jesus-... Uriel was a maniac. It was quite possible he was going to kill him by accident, even though that’d get him in a mess of trouble with both the League and the Host. Sam would die before he talked, but goddamn, he couldn’t afford to-
A riot of suggestions burst into Dean’s mind, every single one of them exceedingly unhelpful. He covered his mouth with his hand and coughed away the beginning of a snicker.
them. All those little whispers. The oblique references. And Crowley who had the gall to yell, “Get me bloody better beef, my liege! You may fancy the bull, but I can only cook with the heifer!” (Crowley, it was worth repeating, was a godsend in the kitchen and Castiel was constantly having to fight off poaching attempts by other castles. And… truth be told, he preferred the chef’s brass to the fake solicitude when someone mentioned Lisa, or made an oblique reference to his unnatural preferences.)
Dean froze as he reached for the next log. It was hard to get a good head of indignant steam up to shout “Stay out of it!” when Dean himself had almost blurted out the very same request half a dozen times since they’d hooked up. It was also hard because it was obvious Cas’s offer was genuine. He really wanted to help.
Distracted  by the prickles going up and down his spine, his steps slow involuntarily. So have Cas’s. His mate stumbles to a stop. Dean looks around.
This version of Cas hasn't had much contact with people so far, so he's still very much, well, an angel through and through. Think 'Lazarus Rising' Castiel. This will change when he starts to rub shoulders with humans in general and Winchesters in particular.
...Still no news from the resistance. It’d only been a day, so that made sense. He had no clue what they would make of this. What they would now make of him... Somehow this had to be an amazing opportunity, but maybe even the Joker and the other blackbirds might struggle with how best to use it.
Winter set in, and Castiel found more ways to fall short of the expectations of what Dean’s consort should be, expectations set by the better, more beloved Lisa, no doubt. Dean loved to tell jokes; Castiel didn’t get them. The few jests Castiel knew also fell flat, either because they were based on some cunning use of a long-dead language or because he always blew the delivery. Dean loved weapons and horses; Castiel could fence and ride quite well but didn’t actually care about the subjects that much, seeing them as merely a means to an end. Dean loved to eat, particularly sweet crust pastries; Castiel had Crowley up his sleeve, he was confident he could provide his husband with such pleasures, but he himself didn’t share them. He was a bit of an ascete, and when he ate complicated dishes, he found his mind chasing down and identifying the various flavors (and accounting for the cost of the ingredients) rather than actually enjoying them.
“Yeah,” Sam choked. “I’m sure they’re-...” he gasped and curled up on the chair he’d been tied to. It was an out-and-out interrogation chair in Uriel’s office, the chair the Protector would summon from the Machine when he had a serious criminal on his hands, the bastard. It had a padded headrest with a belt attachment, but Uriel hadn’t bothered with anything other than the cuffs chaining Sam to the wooden armrests. He didn’t care if the advocate hurt himself by thrashing around.
...Dean is suffering from conflicting signals. Normally this doesn't happen. He rarely pulls a chick this snazzy without actually putting out some effort. He knows how to deflect passes from drunks and waitresses and working ladies, but he’s never had to detach himself from this kind of predator before. She didn't wait for his permission to sit down, she never gave him a polite out, she was immediately on the attack; she’s obviously not going to let go easily. He has a feeling there's something obvious he should be saying, but he's busy battling half a lifetime of reflexes that are telling him to smile, lean forward, reel it in-
Then Cas looks down, shadows from the dim fireplace light covering his face like a veil. “Ah,” he says dully. “I see I’m not as welcome as I thought. I can… I can go-”
One of the whooshes sounded like it was right at his shoulder- but then the minute was up. Suddenly the streets were completely silent and devoid of wing flaps. The fuse, burning down, had heated the blood in the vial and caused it to pop, releasing a sudden whiff of Dean’s essence. The angel had responded like a bloodhound (though without baying, more the pity; that would have been entertaining.)
Dean doesn’t suggest, as Jo was about to do, that Cas go and sit on the sleds with the omegas. He doesn’t suggest they stop for a break, they’re already at the back of the caravan as it is.
Cas’s gaze leaps to where the sun is near to kissing the top of the trees on the far side of the Ozark. “Oh! Is- is that the first bell? I wasn’t paying attention.”
“One of the Seraphim, huh? Well, fuck me sideways,” Dean said jauntily. So Zach had finally had the balls to admit the situation in his fucked-up little Paradise had gotten beyond his control, and called in one of the remaining big guns.
Hannah is waiting for him near the seesaws, standing with her arms crossed, staring out across the city visible through the treeline around the park.
Not quite true, he had some, but none that haunted him here tonight, in the warmth of Cas’s arms as he burrowed into the hold, slipped one leg over a strong thigh, and tied them together like a lover’s knot. “Don’t worry about me, angel,” he whispered against the skin of Cas’s shoulder. “And don’t hesitate tomorrow, whatever happens. Remember, this is my choice, I’m doing what I wanted to do all along: go down fighting.”
In that mausoleum hush, Dean said: “Yeah, you’re all that alright, but I got a bone with teeth in it.”
Cas rolls his eyes, uncrosses his arms and pointedly says goodnight to Dean without any particular hurry.
...The child was too old for her conception or birth to have triggered that shift in the ether a year ago - and that had been an order of magnitude greater than the offspring of a low-order angel like Sariel would be capable of. But that’s not the matter at hand.
In Hell’s bleak soundscape made of screams, curses and insane giggles, a single clarion trumpet rings out like the incarnation of every beautiful memory he’s ever had, and a thousand voices cry: “Dean Winchester is saved!”
“O-kay,” Dean said, because his mouth hated letting on when the rest of him was flailing. He turned on his heels and walked away from the metal dome, and followed his husband, trying not to gape at the pleasant greenery around him or prod at a rhododendron nearby to see if it was real.
The omegas alight from the sleds in relatively good shape, though of course their labor is about to begin. As soon as they’re warmed up, they’re going down into the shaft to check on the state of the support beams, then tomorrow morning early they start their work. Their ten betas guards took turns riding on the convoy mules during the trek; they’re Ranchers, not as used to traveling this terrain as Hunters are. But the hard part is over for them, at least for the next fortnight. They just need to keep an eye on the camp.
, and suddenly you’re on the alert, like a dog hearing its master’s voice. Castiel! Don’t you see?! You’re obsessed with them! Particularly with Dean Winchester! The human is a menace, and you went and freed Metatron just to help him!
Cas invents a kind of spiky collar made of sticks, resiny tape, bandages and a strip of leather that he fastens around Ginny’s neck. It goes up past her nose and stops her from gnawing at her injured side while she rides in the sled. Ginny is massively unimpressed. Nobody else is all that happy either, having to fast-march through snow less than twenty four hours since their arrival yesterday, heading out into the cold with their alpha injured and unknown enemies about. Only Cole is strutting, occasionally glancing around to see if there’s anybody else he forgot to tell how he winged three of the attackers in the woods, ‘maybe more’, made them pay.
“Come in, son!” Dean declared in his commander-of-men voice, “You absolutely have to help me take care of this stubborn guy here!”
“My-... I don’t have a son!” Dean’s hand is back on the gun’s hilt in its holster, squeezing. “What the fuck are you playing at, you-”
The train of thought ran away with him, and he went back to wondering about Dean. Dean hadn’t known all the truth about Libertad or many of the other ‘crimes’ he’d thrown in Castiel’s teeth these past few weeks. He’d not understood any of the Plan. Castiel knew to the depth of his being that Dean was mistaken in what he thought he was reaching for. However that did not comfort him anymore. That misguided longing was also a failure on the Host’s part, now that he thought of it. If they could not make Paradise appealing… what was the point?
“Yeah. If you don’t mind.” It’d be like spending the night in Ellen’s room. Just plain weird - weird-uncomfortable rather than the plain weird-weird of Dean’s room materializing all around them once more.
“Why? You want to know why I wanted to get my omega brother out of a camp of godless primitives doing who-knows-what to him? At least in Novak I knew the terms of your enslavement, but out here? In this Do-ri-he region of base tribalism?”
“I have catgut and a needle,” says Taylor almost timidly. He’s a burly forty year old beta, by the way, built like a brick outhouse, not the kind of guy you think of as easily intimidated.
“What’s wrong, Winchester? Is my appearance causing your little neurons to misfire? I’m sorry, I shouldn't use big strange words. Is-”
Castiel’s eyes flickered to where Uriel had disappeared, as if wondering if he should weigh in - and Dean was rabidly curious to see whose side Cas would take in that case. But in the end the angel just turned and led the way into the office. Dean reaaaally hadn’t like that in the past, when Cas had dodged his prods during the first weeks of their marriage and angelically walked away as if he was above confrontation. But then there was that day he had not walked away… everything after that blow-up, and after the attack, had shifted. Now he and Dean engaged, whether over small stuff or big. This was the first time he’d just ignored an issue since, but in this instance Dean wasn’t going to call him on it; it really had been rather petty (even if it’d felt amazing.)
Dean’s jab forward with the leash misses her by a good foot. The end of the pole swings around and knocks a faux-greek vase off a shelf that adds to the mess of debris on the floor.
“Ah, no, not with demons running around these woods.” But then Sam’s gaze flickers towards Castiel of all people. His eyes soften. “Tell you what, we’ll wait for you at the other end of this clearing and start asking the lady some questions in the meantime. We’ll be within earshot if you yell for help. Come over when you’re, er, when you’re ready.”
He gasped and looked in horror-... but instead of crushing the delicate mechanisms, the tablets just lay there, one of them getting nudged aside incrementally by a filigree-fine hair spring, the others failing to do anything spectacular.
“Yeah. He was just talking to me and she decided to take exception, he wasn’t doing anything wrong, she-... “
That won’t do zilch, of course. Rob’s only a month and change over the age of one, too small to understand instructions yet. Rowena’s going to have to suck it up and do the binding spell first thing tomorrow.
“Get Jonah,” Balthazar snapped at Zuriel, momentarily forgetting that he wasn’t one who gave orders anymore. But Zuriel leaped to his feet and hared off to the second office in a flash.
“I know! He’ll kill us if he finds us!” said Panic with the naked terror Dean had expected ages ago finally flashing a fin.
“I would never be given the authorization,” Alfie said and almost giggled at the ridiculousness of the notion before wandering off, leaving Dean feeling oddly chilled in the eternal sunshine.
Royal banquets followed the first two evenings of the visit. Crowley tortured Castiel and culinarily exceeded himself at the same time; even Michael pronounced the meals ‘almost as good as in Eden, quite decent.’ The first day was spent in talks, the second and third days in a hunt. Castiel stayed behind (and flinched at Michael’s look of disapproval), but he had too much to do: his regular duties, and entertaining her highness, his fellow royal consort who also did not care for bloodsport. Or that was the plan. It was perplexing that Eileen never called for him, did not join him in any of the parlors, and in fact wasn’t seen all day outside of church in the morning and lunch at midday.
...Dean’s not sure why Cas says that, what’s really riding him, but he can tell this much: Cas isn’t angry. He’s scared. Scared of losing what he does best, of becoming someone too different, too far from the calm, impartial Castiel observing everything from a distance, detached, and always able to
Sam sighed faintly, then said in a formal way, “Gabe, this is Dean, as you well know. Dean, this is Gabriel. The Archangel Gabriel.”
Ellen, wan and furious (though mainly scared-furious rather than angry-furious, Dean judged) was glaring at her daughter who was glaring at Dean as if this was somehow all his fault. Sam looked like he wanted to be on the other side of the the country. The only one who seemed to take it in stride was Bobby who ironically asked, “So, who’s hungry?”
“Silence!” Uriel’s glare finally escalated from ’you are beneath my contempt’ to ‘changed my mind, you and your human mannerisms are fully worth my contempt after all’, which was what happened when Balthazar truly got under his skin and was cruising towards another reprimand and Penance. “Go do your work. For once.”
Dean’s eyes narrowed. “Cut the crap. And don’t worry, I’ll be asking Cas the same question, but specifically I want to know why you’re helping us.”
Shouts ring out louder and louder, increasingly panicked. A horse screams nearby. A woman screams in a similar manner and abruptly stops, the cessation more chilling than the cry.
He wanted to. He wanted to reach out now. All those weeks of furiously fighting it, recoiling at the very idea that he could be friends with an angel - and he was damn well aware the word ‘friend’ was a convenient label to put on something he did not have the opportunity, or more likely the courage, to examine any more closely at present… He thought he’d be turning his back on his father, but as it happened, John had worked with an angel when required, had trusted him, had even invited him over to see Dean come into this world. That had to mean something. John had never said anything that would suggest he might be open to doubt, to nuance - bloody Winchester code - but actions spoke louder than words.
Dean stays silent, giving him a caress up the arm and across the ribs which Cas doesn’t even notice.
It did not have any input about secretly filming said uncle for future blackmail material, but the authors probably thought that went without saying.
The words stopped, leaving a silence like thunder in their wake; a silence that shook the sky, froze the earth, quietly wiped out stars…
“Right.” Neither Anna nor Gabriel have shown this kind of understanding for Castiel’s decision to rattle around in ‘the burbs’ and this large old house.
“Yes, well, tough,” Balthazar said, turning around and making his way towards the door. “If you’re going to risk your life on this insane venture, it’s my right to risk my life trying to help. Get over it and get going. Both of you.”
“Shh,” Balthazar said quietly when Dean opened his mouth for a few legitimate questions. “It’s okay, we already thought of this.”
Twenty minutes later - flying through layers of data at the speed of a thought - Balthazar leaned back once more, this time with a moue of disappointment.
...he was still distracted. The conversation he’d overheard kept playing in his mind. It burned him on so many levels. Sam had believed Bobby could resent him for the mere fact of being born? Dean had never guessed, while the angel who’d crash-landed into their lives had gotten that out of Sam in just a few days. And then he’d said what needed to be said in that hard, clear, simple way of his that just seemed to- to bypass the Winchester code and all sorts of crap and make things real clear, so clear even Sam might have a hard time beating himself over the head with this in the future - and Sam was as good at flagellating himself as he was good at advocacy. Dean knew without a doubt that he’d not have talked Sammy out of it… and he was the big brother here, dammit. He tried to resent Cas for all of this riot of feelings kicking his ass, but really, mainly he just felt a little bit grateful. Just a bit.
A huge wave of force picked Dean up and slammed him into the dirt, then piledrived onto him, and on and on and on. The roof of the warehouse blew clean off, crashing into the ruins beyond, the broken wall crumbled, boxes went flying, angels staggered.
The walls were white and, well, odd; there was no visible light source, no candles, no kerosene lanterns, no little fairy lights the angels preferred, it was as if the walls themselves were glowing and illuminating the space. This place felt more alien than the angel barracks Dean was familiar with, and considerably less inviting to humans. Now each hallway they traversed ended in a closed door. The way Cas put a hand on the surface before opening them suggested they were locked, and not just with a key.
Cutting wood was an excellent idea all told. Putting an ax through a wooden block was what he needed right now.
But to differ again from the fertile, fair and female Lisa, Castiel had suffered a severe swelling disease right after his turn into manhood that, despite copious bleeding, had burned out the fire in his seed. A great physicker of repute had demonstrated this to Charles and Michael by showing how the excess of cold black bile in Castiel’s blood could extinguish a large yellow candle, so it was obviously true. His predominant humor now beholden to cold, dark earth rather than manly fire, he would never be able to father children on an otherwise disinterested princess, which was just about the only thing a prince of his sort could be said to be good at, as Michael so aptly put it, and Castiel had failed even at that.
John runs a slow hand through his hair, nudging his cowboy hat almost all the way off. “Sam can round up the Ranchers, I’ll drop by the Cuevas on the way back. Rufus and Amy are getting things ready.” Translation: Rufus and Amy are cooking up a storm from the end-of-winter rations; John probably told them to do so after consulting with Doc Murphy yesterday already, without waiting for Vic and Annabelle’s say-so. He knew there’d be no miracle... But it’d be harsh to say that within Annabelle’s hearing. She’s still looking back at the door, face tired and closed, and she doesn’t seem to hear.
Three months ago? “Definitely no. I was a demon back then.” Unless - could she be talking about the demon cure? That might just about squeak into that timeframe if you knock off an extra week.
Dean, gaping, swivelled around. They were in an endless meadow sparsely dotted with trees. A creek ran by a short distance away, a couple of birds splashing in its shallows and ruffling their feathers. The sky was endless overhead. The only jarring aspect - other than the
The words washed around Sam. He felt caught in amber and his mind frozen between two thoughts. He was unable to move as the stranger took his fingers away from his forehead and touched his shoulder.
The winter day outside's been quiet until now: he’s heard a few voices, the ‘clack’ of wood getting chopped, dogs barking, an argument in the distance, but then night falls as silently as the few flakes of snow that have reappeared at the end of the day.
“Sure thing. Here, alpha, you need to see this. Charlie’s been over that trader’s pack with a fine-toothed comb, she knows what she’s looking for. She says it’s all above board, but she found this piece of note scrunched at the bottom of his saddlebag.”
“Yes! I was about to stick my blade into the asshole when- when I found I couldn't- I mean, the seal stopped me.”
“Have you seen that woman before?” Uriel asked, still casually. He didn’t even care for the answer yet. He was going to break Sam first before he started asking the real questions.
As if in answer to his prayer - but not really, only collaborators prayed these days - a hiss brought his attention to the far west side of town. A rocket went up and exploded green.
A minute later they’re in the large house that’s the primary alphas' home. Tallest in the camp at two stories high, boasts a large office, a vault, the radio room off to one side, and a space in the attic where Dean and Sam grew up, joined by Adam.
“No. Of course, I can’t be sure, I can only judge the changes they made, not their intent, but… hmm, I really do believe they wanted us to imitate wolf packs.”
That’s all you have to say? To Dean?!” The angel was clearly incensed, more so than Dean, who was just stunned.
Benny, Andrea and Kate’s comment on how fast their mating happened is universally echoed, with an occasional tinge of disapproval: traditionally a new beta is expected to sleep around a lot. It’s kind of their thing. Having one get mated on virtually the very first night… way too hasty, in people’s minds. How can Cas really commit if he’s not played the field? Of course, as Cas points out, the greatest majority of brand new betas are teenagers, so it’s natural they don’t have the maturity to get hitched right away. Him and Dean, though, they’re adults, they know what they’re doing. They knew it even before their first night and the hormones and the bliss and all that. They know what they got.
Dean shook his head - not in denial, just to clear it. “Sure. Sure. Lemme go get that water - and I’m using my penknife, I’m not hacking at you with an angel blade, that’s just begging for an accident.”
“Oh yeah, there you are,” says the man as he enters the room, moves past the table and steps into the kitchen area. The raccoon scurries out from behind the garbage towards the side door, hits the brakes and runs back to cover again. Dean follows the trail of strewn garbage, then takes in the rest of the raccoon's effort at postmodernism (‘Kitchen, Deconstructed’.) “Wow, mama, you sure made a mess. You're a big one, aren’t you… Where did she come from?”
Three quick tugs on the covers rumpled up his pristine bed. It bothered him to let the servants know he'd shared Dean’s bed last night. The drudges in this castle gossiped enough already. He shared Dean's bed most nights, as it were, to have Dean use him delightfully before they slept, or sometimes just to go straight to sleep together after a busy day. Creeping quietly through their connecting rooms back to his own suite by candlelight had become part of the pre-dawn ritual that preceded the rooster and the knock on the door. Dean had told him several times to stay where he was, the staff's chitchatting be damned, but Castiel didn't want the servants waking the king when they came looking for the prince consort to sort out the inevitable problems that came with running a castle. Speaking of which… Castiel adjusted his surcoat and went to see what fresh flavor of worriment the new day had thought fit to bring.
“Charlie!” Dean growls, trying to get familiar red hair out of his face, “One of these days I’m gonna plant you into the ground like a prize crop if you keep jumping me like this!”
“Go, Dean, I’ll take over.” Sam hunkers down next to the wall and picks up the pail of blood and the brush.
goes through Dean's head before he can stop it. He gives himself a short sharp shake and then hies over to where the beer keg’s now open to see how much he can get away with drinking before Bobby starts talking about fair shares.
All these places in Dean’s soul that were just waiting for someone to touch them...but they were probably going to die tomorrow, and so… so at least they’d had tonight. Death, when it came, would hopefully be final. But it couldn’t take that. No, it could never take that.
"I said I definitely knew where your cabin is, and here I am,” Cas concludes, unruffled by Dean’s sudden surge of movement that pushed him away. He sits up a whole lot more calmly to plaster himself up against Dean’s side again, though Dean, head now buried in both hands, can’t get around to appreciating the fact.
Pah-ne-me is looking back with an expression that arrests Dean in his tracks, makes him glance over his shoulder.
“Winchester,” Uriel said in a voice so neutral it was almost as bad as if he’d let slip some of his dislike.
Tyler Campbell snorts, arms crossed over the partition of the mule’s stall. “You’re too weak of heart, queen Dean. Feeding a runt is stupid. It didn’t nurse properly after birth, that’ll make it damaged. I mean, look at it, it’s a disaster, and now you’re stopping the others from having a good meal.”
Annabelle blinks at the watery winter sunshine assaulting her reddened eyes. This is the first time she’s left the clinic since they brought in her mate over twenty four hours ago. Her face is tired, pale, but composed, which is a trifle reassuring. John for his part looks completely murderous, but he’s been that way since Dean caught him up on events over a cup of tea to warm his frozen fingers, right after the convoy reached camp yesterday, bringing back what was left of John’s hunter alpha. John spent hours running the radio operator ragged while he contacted all the other packs out there. The primary alpha’s house has been lit up all night, people running in and out regardless of the hour. The entire Concordat is now on alert, and Lucifer better be as canny as his namesake to get out of the net that’s quickly extending to catch him and the surviving Demons. Beyond that, John’s got plans; Kate told Dean about them when bringing him breakfast this morning (she surmised correctly that Dean was going to be busy in the Hunter compound and Cas would be working overnight with Bobby to produce any extra medicine and sterilized equipment the doctor might need.) According to Kate, the Concordat plans to extend friendly feelers towards the independent eastern packs up and down the Appalachian line, see if they’re willing to work with them and form a barrier against batshit assholes coming from the coast.
Finally he cleared his throat. “That’s the sum total of it, Cas. But let’s take care of you now. We can’t just leave you like that. Why haven’t you called the garrison yet? You brought Balthazar into the mix.” Even as he said that, Dean’s gut suddenly informed him that Balthazar was not the same as the rest of the halo brigade...
Castiel nodded. He was standing by the wall near the window. Something had happened this morning while they were gardening, Dean seemed uneasy with having him too close again. This was a neutral distance, the angel judged.
Bobby and Rufus exchanged a look. Then Rufus waved the message about. “The Joker has to know that, kid. He can’t have slapped this on you and expect you to waltz into the wood with nothing but good intentions to defend you. Unless he’s got an escort somewhere nearby - but then I don’t see why he’d be leaving a trail.”
Dean is encouraging, he’s dealt with omegas before. Even the Hunter omegas… well, they’re cool, proactive and shit, they’re cheerful and can talk back to a beta, but they’re… ah, how to say it? Fragile? They can be free and independent as long as you give them a clear box to be free and independent
“- and the big one: He presides over unions. Do I see a dawning of understanding? You think the Machine is helping Michael? It made sure John Winchester was the furthest away from P1 that it could manage- right next to the Wilds and the resistance HQ. It moved around a ton of dissatisfied humans - hell, it did more to create a railroad in P342 than either me or Colt ever did. It made sure that the personnel assigned to the garrison were the dregs of the barrel. Your honeybear and his brother stayed hidden for nigh on fifty years in that pit of a Paradise, despite some very serious people looking all over every continent for the Michael Sword’s descendants. But when big Mike finally started closing in, what happens? A report happens to find its way to a Seraph, even though it hadn’t really been earmarked for him at all... and boom! That Seraph gets roped into a union in view of every saved soul of P342 and beyond. You may not know this, but the news and the pictures of you two in your magical rainbow o’ joy popped up on Lanterns as far away as Madagascar, through some kind of crossed wire the Word cannot seem to figure out, fancy that.”
Dean relinquished his spot to the next human who’d wandered in, and headed towards the far door, the one he usually avoided like the plague since it lead further into the compound and the garrison, rather than the great outdoors. Yeah, his life really had turned upside down last month...
Balthazar snorted. “That’s right, let them debate philosophy and dimensional physics for a few centuries,” he whispered, whether for Dean’s benefit or Cas’s wasn’t clear.
Unlike Dean, Sam had always longed for a calm, orderly life. Mostly. There were times when he felt something boil up within him, something single-minded, violent and dangerous. He thought of it as his ‘John Winchester’ side, and barricaded it behind thick walls of study, discipline and an honest desire to help people. The last time his John Winchester side had almost come out had been when they had taken Jess away. Dean had saved him from his worst instincts back then. Dean, his brother, his only family, the bedrock that had helped Sam rebuild his orderly life, his beliefs, and focus once more on advocacy and the bigger picture.
Dean finally turned towards the angel, still standing at a prudent distance as if Dean might take a whack at him with the ax (and as if this might actually hurt him.) “Seriously?”
Dean blinks slowly. Huh. Okay, so he’s shitfaced after all, because he does not remember doing that. Success! Dean snickers sourly and carries himself off to bed.
Castiel was careful, but he drew the wards as quickly as he could manage, aware that Dean’s reserves were running low and he needed his rest.
“I am not going to ask you to name names,” Castiel said testily, with a bit of a glare of his own at Dean, who looked a trifle mollified. “But I want your cooperation. It does not need to be directly against the resistance. If we could improve the co-habitation of people and angels in Paradise, if we could present a common front against
“Cheater,” Dean huffed tenderly, looking up. Cas stopped staring at Dean to turn that gunsight of a scrutiny onto his own crotch. The sudden way he focused there seemed to indicate he was both surprised and somewhat pleased to see the dick nestled in the wiry black hair, stiffened and half erect.
Mercurial tension runs through the body close to his. “I don’t care! I don’t care about rankings! I should have just told him that and walked away, let him win by default, but I-... urgh. It feels like my skin is two sizes too small! Like I’m itching all over!”
“Wait, Dean.” Sam popped up behind them in the hallway, kettle in hand. “Why don’t you put him down on my bed? Avoid the stairs.”
He stayed and chatted with a few of the visitors for the form - and bookmarked a good lookin’ guy whose lingering gaze suggested he might be up for a lil’ Machine-unsanctioned one-on-one if the northerners were still in this quarter of the city by tomorrow. Finally he ended up talking with Tom Pictou.
“I wouldn’t know, I wasn’t walking the Earth back then. I know humanity made amazing progress in many fields in a very short time.”
“Fall out and back, watch Vic’s rear,” Dean says and signals, while behind him Vic marches towards the tributary’s edge, boots thudding through churned snow with the vicious stamp of an alpha whose territory has been invaded and who’s gonna go find out what the fuck. Those losers better have a reasonable explanation handy, or be very, very good at begging for mercy.
Lounging in a chair he’d wished into being in the heart of their small garrison, Balthazar yawned. It was a human gesture he was practicing, and he was getting awfully good at it.
“Your questions and arguments are very good, Dean,” he’s told in that serious tone, that gravely timbre.
“Ah. Lemme guess. You got stuff outta the basement earlier, maybe left the door open while you headed to the attic… by any chance, did you go and close the door just before you put the lasagna on the table?”
Dean swaps a quick look with Sam, who’s circled around at a prudent distance so he has a clear shot at the witch without having Dean in his line of fire. Sam looks pretty unhappy. Dean’s not overjoyed himself.
“Without them getting looked over by anyone first?” Luke murmurs cynically. “Not a parochial beta or alpha honor-bound to ensure a stranger isn’t trying to fill your head with ideas or lure you away?”
Because Dean’s good. Real good. Trained from infancy, he’s been in more life and death situations than even his renown gives him credit for. The stories about him center around the rescuing of royal dames, but Dean is what one might call a democrat when it comes to saving people. Young, old, rich, poor, sinners and saints, they all have just as much right not to get munched on by something dreadful as any princess or duke, in his estimate. And as a bonus, a milkmaid or a strapping young blacksmith are much more likely to gleefully put out afterwards and let him flirt to his heart’s content without anyone expecting a royal marriage to pop out the other end. Dean’s been in more battles than an entire army of knights put together as a result, and even hampered by having to look through the shitty spectacles, he can more than hold his own.
-  Betas have strong emotions, but they are aggressive ones for the most part. Dean’s not used to any other kind, he rides this hormonal high since he hit puberty, he’s never had an abyss open beneath his feet, and-
The guard’s confused air clears up. “Oh, I gotcha, I gotcha. You wants to take the coin too. We got loads like you. From all the weirder parts of the land, they come, god’s tears, places I never even heard of, they come to fight the good fight. We won’t turn away a big strapping lad like you, that’s for sure, even in a dress.” The other guard stifles a snicker and pokes a cabbage.
“Yes,” says Castiel after a second of reflection. Most of the Hunters need a break, but he knows those who always have a surfeit of combative energy and reserves to spare.
“Oh? You sure? Hey, by chance you wouldn’t be one of them magic users? Because we can always use more of-’
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” interrupts Dean. “Doesn’t really matter. What does he look like when he’s not a fucking big owl? Does he have a heart I can skewer? A head I can lop off?”
He’s staring at Castiel, startled, and no wonder. Other than Dean, his companion and the three healers, Castiel is the only one moving in the entire room. All other occupants lie motionless in their beds, barely breathing. Castiel, with a flickering remnant of his heavenly vision, senses faint amounts of the miasma clinging to them. No burns or scarring in sight, the healers were able to deal with those physical injuries, but the corruption lurking inside the gas cannot be fought so easily as Castiel knows all too well. To have survived at all, these people must have only inhaled the barest traces, but that’s enough to render them unconscious, souls battling through nightmares, perhaps never to emerge.
“Yeah. She’s finally resurfaced.” Dean doesn’t bother lifting his head from Castiel’s shoulder. Sweat from their earlier activity peppers both their skins where they connect. They could put on some clothes, theoretically, if the thought wasn’t anathema.
John’s staring at the book at the center of the table, halfway between the two of them. Such a small flimsy thing to have cut a life short.
“Oh? I heard your gut was killing you or something. Here, come have some of this! It’ll pep you up and chase away the germs.” Garth carries a large steaming jug in one hand and an unsteady stack of ceramic mugs in the other to the side table. “Mulled lemon, but Danny has a way of making it, puts in a bit of honey and some herbs and stuff, it’s a lot less sour and boring than what you’re used to, I bet.”
“I need to come.” Cas lowers his voice. “Dean, Alastair wanted to force your father to trade you for someone… Did it occur to you that it might be me?”
“Goddamn it!” Balthazar yelled - Sam’s bottle of lavender water shattered on its small shelf near the basin, sending waves of scent wafting over and causing Dean’s stomach, already churning, to catch and heave.
Their marriage having taken place at the dying end of summer, the first two months of their shared reign had been spent touring the kingdom for the
“I have something to ask of you,” Castiel said, standing up. Dean almost fell down as the chair shifted into his weight.
Castiel doesn’t say anything and in the background, the clock ticks and tocks away the seconds left until the next question, the inevitable question.
goes the hammer, shooting in the nail. Cas doesn’t pick up a new one, just hammers again until Dean, on the other side, sees the wood dent.
bolted on, to the point where Castiel decides to simply put it as a perpetual footnote. Hopefully the celestial Watchers and Recorders of the Host are just being a little over sensitive and nervous, and there is nothing more dangerous running around than a particularly bratty demon. But Castiel has to make his plans according to the worst-case scenario, because he cannot afford to ignore the possibility, however tenuous. A cambion in the Host’s current state of weakness would be catastrophic once it has grown old enough to come into its powers.
Dean lets his hand slide down Castiel’s chest lazily. Castiel isn’t even sure Dean is aware he’s doing it, since he’s still discussing this idea of tracking Rowena. Dean is a tactile lover, before, during and after sex, maybe to make up for the lack of touch when they’re not alone. Outside of a bedroom, they are exactly the same as they have always been, keeping a distance the human has finally convinced the angel is the norm. When the door closes behind them, Dean changes, everything changes. Castiel does not understand these distinctions, but he wants Dean to be comfortable and happy. Keeping at a distance when they’re in public makes Dean happy. Getting naked and wrapped in each other when they’re alone makes Dean
They have to go to the far end of the river in their territory, downstream from where other omegas are washing sheets. Dean nods at a guy - Caleb? Yeah, Caleb Lobell, one of Sam’s Rancher guards on watch duty with a rifle he better not fire off randomly to scare off crows and boredom, or else Cas will have
The clever eyes narrow, scrutinize him. “No clue at present. Somebody powerful, is what they believe, who could take over hell. I thought it was Squirrel at one point, but they seem uninterested in him -”
Sam turns to give his brother a tragic look. “I’m so sorry Dean, I couldn't get my shield up fast enough, I-”
“She wanted kids, Cas. She just wanted kids.” Sam leaned his head against the fist he’d planted on the window, pressing the lace against the pane.
What leaps out of the shadows is- is- Dean tries to make sense of it through his dark glasses even as he braces for impact. Made out of the stuff of midnight, the shape is that of a large jungle cat, stars for eyes, moonlight reflections caught in its claws as it swipes at Dean and screams like a damned soul. Even Dean’s battle-hardened neck manages to twitch a few hairs into upright position at the sight. But he holds his ground to parry a clawed blow.
“Yes. I suppose. The gender distinction is not-... but Annael was in a female vessel when she passed. She’d had it a long time. She... she was an angel who thought differently. It’s hard to explain.”
There are no more shots ringing out. His people look mostly unharmed, staring into the woods. Dean guesses the firing stopped when Alastair went down. Not surprising. Because if it was a shock to the Winchester betas losing Vic to a trap, seeing their lunatic alpha get knifed in a fight will have taken away these raiders' collective backbone. Dean glances over his shoulder. On the other side of the stream, a hundred feet away, two of the attackers are stretched out into the snow, unmoving. The other two are missing. Did they retreat so far they decided to risk swimming the river…?
Luke’s gaze wanders to the rest of the pack over Cas’s shoulder. “I had my reasons. Up until recently I was too busy in the east. And I am… I have important things in play. I do not wish to risk myself lightly. I had no cause to believe I would be well received, even if my brother hadn’t reached out to the Winchesters.”
“Sure, dad.” With alpha John Winchester as guarantor, they won’t find any clan who’ll turn them away, they’ll get their pick among the children of any pack they care to approach. Dean’s not sure what that must be like... stopping at a camp or a roadhouse somewhere to meet a child that will be yours… It’s something he will never know now.
“You brought him back. And Castiel made sure the leg didn’t sour. That is all that matters,” he’s told sternly, tightly. Christ, she sounds like she’s barely holding it together...
Dean lowered Cas onto the couch, then he went to draw the drapes before striking a match and lighting the kerosene lamp. How long was he going to have to do that for? Would Gordon and the others be back to finish the job one day? As if his life wasn’t complicated enough.
Dean ripped it up, glancing around pointlessly. “Hmf, like that they can watch us from afar for awhile. Easy way to make sure we don’t bring uninvited guests.”
The swan’s neck lunges forward like a spring unloading, and a fearsome gaped-beak hiss sends Sam pressing back against the far wall.
“Hmm, yeah. Well, we get kids and strays in from the other packs and all, but yeah, the three-compound system is what makes the whole shebang possible.” Having three pairs of alphas is as weird as a six-legged dog, but it works. It’s what Henry Winchester’s dad set up over sixty years ago.
The Grace that seemed to be flowing through him uselessly to start with, like water trying to fill a sieve, is incrementally gathering pace in the healing. The ulcers on his skin pucker inwards, just a bit to start with, then faster and faster until they fade and finally disappear. Dean’s chest heaves under the hand Castiel has moved from his forehead to his heart. The darkness that was smothering his soul light dissipates like mist under sunshine.
“Yeah, the bastard burning all your leads. Bit of a bitch, but what can you do? We don’t have exclusive hunting rights on demons - hah, that’s one license I wouldn’t pay for at any rate. What’s up with Sammy?”
Dean often caroused with his knights and soldiers, drinking until the small hours, always more jovial after a few cups. Castiel recalled one instance in particular; Dean took him aside and started a long rambling speech with a lot of ‘Um’s and ‘Ah’s and ‘Say, Cas, I wonder-’... Whatever he’d been trying to say, Castiel would never know, because he rarely drank, but when he did, he tended to go abruptly to sleep after only a few glasses. He found himself tucked into his bed fully dressed the next day, undoubtedly by a servant, and since then he’d assiduously avoided that kind of revelry out of sheer embarrassment.
“Sure, but he was also the only person left who could kill the boss, and first in line to take over if he did, so…” Crowley's shrug made the outcome sound predictable to him, though Dean imagined it had probably taken Rafael by surprise. Dean felt a pang of longing for his and Cas’s home dimension where most of their holy forces were decimated and every one of their archangels were comfortably dead or in a cage.
“Yeah, Vic’s the best.” Dean swings down the tower’s wooden skeleton to land in the long grass next to Ginny. “Hard as steel, that guy, and a six year old’s words clipped him like a bullet.”
Castiel nodded distractedly, mind still on his thoughts. “Was that what you had to tell me? I’m glad they can’t send Dean off to the front line -”
“Vampires,” the twins said together. “But also, Jackson put us on the trail of something weird. A demon,” Henrietta added, eyes gleaming. The siblings had a good reason to hate demons, but then again, nobody had any good reason to actually like ‘em.
Cas was looking away from the Machine, across the meadow where the deer had lifted its head and was staring over its shoulder.
Dean had the decency to put away the smile and look repentant, as repentant as he ever did which was not all that much, rubbing the back of his neck and rolling his eyes so he could glare at the corner of the room. “Shit, I know… I’m sorry, Cas. I… I should have said something, but after Dad lost mom and Kate, Sam lost his first fiancée ages ago, and I lost Lisa… Even if I didn’t feel the same way towards her, it still seems the moment one of us Winchesters bares our hearts, some evil fate snatches away the person we care for. I thought… I thought you knew what I felt, how good and loved I feel around you… Er, you do… you do care for me, even if I’m a bonehead, right?”
“All good then.” Benny uncocked the hammer and slipped the gun in his belt. “C’mon then, follow me. We got a bit of a walk ahead of us.”
“Anyway, if you were wonderin’ about his health, you could have just sent him a letter to check up on him,” Dean adds with steely steadiness, choosing to ignore what was said and implied about his pack and the Concordat in favor of moving the conversation forward and stripping brother Luke of his weak excuses one by one.
Cas once again completely dodged any possible confrontation. “Would you want me to find out Jessica Moore’s current location?” he asked instead. “She’s been with her soulmate for twelve years now. Knowing she is happy might make Sam feel better.”
Dean amused himself by dividing the arrivals into just regular joes, loafers and the true believers. The latter were prancing around bare-headed, shining eyes wide, firmly believing their own miracle was out there in New Jerusalem, of which Paradise 342 was just one of the dingier suburbs. Dean carefully avoided looking them in the eye. No need to give them an opening to come over, introduce themselves and start spreading the Word.
Castiel’s car is in an area guarded by a flimsy fortress of red cones. There’s only four cars left, three of them with broken windows.
Dean saunters over to Sam, standing off to one side with a crooked grin on his mug. Seein’ some good ol’ discipline bein’ handed out is always appreciated, it’s a higher beta thing. But Sam gives the subject of Cole the attention it deserves, to wit, none at all, focusing on the more important matters. “Did you find anything?”
“Yes, just like that, and no, I have not reported what a human said in a moment of concern for his family, nor do I intend to.”
A really bad taste floods Castiel’s mouth, but he soldiers on. “Dean, you’ve had this- this fixation on your savior for a year and a half now, it’s affecting your objectivity. You need a more reasonable head to prevail on this matter.”
Castiel is still a virtual novice in the field of human intercourse, and human/angel intercourse too for that matter. He always lets Dean lead and instruct, allows Dean’s enthusiasms to guide him. He has few preferences of his own in this vastly unknown area. He is a patient, giving lover, almost staid -
Cole obviously can’t quite believe what he just heard. It takes him a minute to jump to the boneheaded conclusion. “You’re scared!"
(It occurred to him that he could ask Rufus about it, he’d lived through it. Holy hannah, Rufus had lived through the apocalypse and the crazy decades after. Dean kept thinking of things he wanted to ask the old man, and then would ponder how badly Rufus would kick his ass for being a nosy bastard, and Dean wouldn’t blame him...)
“Of course, right, you like the exercise. Fine by me! Offer stands if you want to get that prick out of your paw-pads, but otherwise go ahead and thrash him seven ways to Sunday. Just make sure I know to come watch when you do.”
“Stop them from harming that baby! And his mom!” Dean’s chairlegs screech across the floor, he’s half out of his seat like he’s about to throw himself across the table and attack.
Dean. Why didn’t you tell me?” But maybe Dean thought he had - and then seeing how Castiel had reacted-
The way Cas is rubbing his bare shoulder comfortingly is nice, Dean finally realizes. The touch is breathtaking after so long without a partner, and more than that, it’s the- the togetherness it represents, the comfort, the ‘whatever your dad says or accuses you of, I’ll stand with you, we’ll face it together’ sort of thing. It drags him out of his stormy cringe-worthy thoughts. Makes him unwilling to lie back down, too, even if his front is now getting really cold and you could use his nipples to hang your rifle by the strap.
“You will die,” Michael announced, “and this creature will die, and the human race will die. There will only be Heaven and our glory left. The darkness will be torn out, here and in your world and in every world if that’s what it takes.” He straightened, hauled Dean a little closer, his hand rising up, but his attention was on his audience, or possibly on the bag of loose marbles inside his skull. “I am the pure light of creation divine, I am the first of God’s children, the chosen son, I will impose order on chaos wherever I find it, and I-”
Yeah. Awkward. It wouldn’t be an issue if it was an angel from the garrison - no actually, in these circumstances it would still be bizarre, but at least those guys were familiar, most had been around for years, even decades. You knew how to talk to them, if they were the kind you talked to rather than dodge. To Dean’s recollection, P342 had never hosted a Seraph before. There weren’t many left, not much more than a baker’s dozen as far as the resistance could gage.
“Yeah. Yeah. Just… talking about that healer... it just reminded me of something. Something I occasionally-...” Dean seems to seize himself and says with a surge of energy, still staring off into the night: “Let’s talk or we’ll fall asleep and freeze. I never told you - I never told anyone - what I said to my savior on that fateful day in 1226.”
Rufus’s usually cultured tone had slowly slipped into a different accent, one his friends had almost certainly never heard before.
“I posit that if your savior turns out to be a sixty year old man with a fondness for garlic, you will find the boundary between love and gratitude very promptly.”
“Good idea, dad.” Sam claps Dean on the shoulder in passing with this irritating ‘my brother is all grown up now!’ look on his face that he keeps getting, and Dean’s going to have to book time in his schedule to go and wrestle the big moose to the ground and give him a wedgie for old time’s sake. And after that they can talk over a beer and shit. Dean’s gonna be busy like hell for- damn, for the rest of his tenure as alpha, however long that’ll be. He’ll always have strong bonds with John and Kate, but he’s gonna work hard not to lose touch with Sam or Adam in the shuffle.
Castiel cannot, right this very second, remember or care why he’s standing on a curb on the edge of Harrisburg. “Following leads,” he says vaguely. “What is Rowena doing exactly? How is she curing you?”
“The information he’s got on that virus that did this to us, it’s amazing. How it got into our bodies and changed us. Lord.” The big moose glances down at his own chest as if he can see GF32 tinkering with his working parts even now.
“Yeah. Yeah. I know you would if you could, buddy. Ah...  can… I just, uh… Gonna go to sleep soon, but got a few minutes.” Dean bites his lip, and then blurts out: “Hey, you never told me about your mission in Ecuador last week-” shit, not the angel killing part, fuck, as if Cas needs those bad memories poked and prodded. The angel might have tried to dismiss his feelings on the matter, but they'd been clear enough to Dean even three hundred miles away over a phone. “-er, like, it was in a forest, right? Was it pretty?”
Castiel stays with the phone in his hand, waiting in the train’s aisle for a call that doesn’t come. He sways with the rhythm of the tracks but otherwise doesn’t move, staring blankly out the scratched and rain-streaked window at green fields, small towns, railway yards and traffics jams. Minutes thread by, become hours. Lights poke their way through the evening streets they pass at a distance. Dean still does not call. Heaven does, though, repeatedly. For hours, Angel Radio is jam packed with angels talking about the shift in the Ether and what it could portend.
“Yeah,” Sam answers, voice hoarse. The instant the bottle went bang, Sam’s hand was at the back of his belt where he usually keeps his piece, though he never walks around armed in the bunker and there is, as it happens, nothing here to shoot. Nothing visible.
“You’re Crowley’s ol’ pal Alastair.” A further gamble, but since the fool already mentioned Lucifer and there was only one other name of importance on that piece of letter from Drew Neely’s pack…
“So which pack did you come from?” Dean asks, a minor breach of etiquette he’s been avoiding since he met the man, but now he’s just too curious.
The ways Castiel differed from Lisa went on and on. She was petite and loved to dance and play the angélique; he was tall and had no sense of rhythm. She was fiery; he was cold and composed. She loved to ride and hunt; Castiel was too busy with his duties. She had been heartrendingly young; Castiel was older than Dean by five years. She’d been honest, brave and bright, while Castiel was way too at home with petty politics. Somebody had to be, it wasn’t Dean’s forte.
“I know.” Never for a moment has it crossed Castiel’s mind to absolve himself of this responsibility.
Beneath the table, their socked feet are already starting the after-party fun, but the meal is too good to let go to waste, so they don’t let themselves get too distracted. While finishing the beer, Cas talks about a small improvement in the meat preservation process that he remembers from some old manual, something that could extend their game’s shelf life even in middling temperatures like today’s. Dean promises to bring it up with Vic. There’s an unspoken bit of something, both pack politics and personal, here. One day, Cas will be bringing this up with Vic himself…
“Dean?!” Sam’s voice sounded worried, sending Dean’s pulse jackrabbiting again. “Come help! There’s something wrong with Cas!”
The angels had not understood the point of the request, predictably, but after protests and petitions, debates and downright begging, they had capitulated on that one issue. They’d regretted it since, Dean was sure. It was amazing what crap humans could get up to under the cover of a little darkness. But when the animals of the New Garden of Eden stopped wandering around in a constant daze, and exhibited somewhat normal behavior (other than past carnivores now being vegetarians), even that supreme asshole Michael had been forced to concede that humans had had a good idea of sorts. Night stayed on the menu.
“That’s right.” Panic nodded ebulliently as he capped off his summary of the end of the world. The guy possessed a peppy personality the likes of which were rarely seen.
“Right you are. So this is the Angel tablet. It was wrenched from the Machine’s guts, but it is still linked to it in a way. It can reset you. I believe. I certainly hope so, this is central to my plan. Benny, can you please take Kevin away and feed him and put him to bed? The rest of you,” Gabriel added, grabbing Sam by a corner of his vest and pulling him as he stepped away, “should grab some distance.”
“I only have a few hours to search for a would-be rescuer each night, you see. When dawn breaks, the swan takes over again, and instinct brings it back to the lake without fail. I awaken here night after night, decade after decade, each time with a little less hope…”
Dean quickly drops the washcloth and moves around the table, but by the time he reaches Cas, his mate is already shaking his head at his own words, “No, no, it’s just different, I’m not used to it…”
“My darling lad and I are a bit on the out at the moment, that is true. Misunderstandings happen in the best of families, and he is under so much pressure, the poor dear. But his mother will find a way to look out for him, even if some people have tarnished my reputation behind my back. For instance, if I assist his good friend Dean Winchester-”
Zorah stares at Castiel with eyes that are already hollow and burned out. Whatever cause Elliah and Anadiel were crusading for, here is an angel who has found no solace in Heaven or on earth. He attacks with barely a pause, still without a word, greedily reaching towards oblivion. Castiel grants it.
“Shit!” Dean picked them up, looked around desperately, circumnavigated the mechanism again, looking for a hole, a ledge, slots, hooks, anything.
John turns to Adam with a faint smile. At fourteen, Adam is in Makers, so father and son don't work together all that much anymore, but they eat at the same table every night, unlike Sam and Dean who moved out years ago and are busy with the patrol guards or the hunters respectively. John's a business-only guy when dealing with Sam in Ranchers, and he only sees his oldest once a week during these dinners, but it’s his youngest who gets the: “You look a bit tired, son. Is that slavedriver working you too hard?” (In the background, Bobby, the slavedriver in question, snorts.)
Fingers slip beneath Castiel's shirt where it is pulled from his pants, and caress the skin of his waist, easing under the belt. Then something changes.
Zachariah’s expression stayed controlled, but his wings jerked in restrained anger and alarm. He’d just realized that he was going to have Castiel - and half of Naomi’s department - going over his shoddy garrison with a fine-toothed comb trying to figure out what had happened. To his left, Uriel was smirking at what he must think of as Castiel’s humiliation. Castiel did not care. It was not humiliating to serve God. This must have been decreed, this must have a reason.
He had maybe ten whole minutes of contentment before John’s other friend and resistance cell leader, exceptionally invited for the occasion, sat down beside Colt to inform him they had a problem of angelic proportions.
Hannah’s voice is like a dentist’s drill through his thoughts. “We’re counting on you, Castiel. Remember, you are our agent here on earth, and we are too few left as it is - thanks in part to your mistakes. We are putting all our energy into keeping Heaven up and running, protecting our charges, and guarding the borders against worst things than-”
That was the way of their new world. If humans were the sheep and God was the shepherd, then the angels were the trusty ol’ sheepdogs, obeying every order eagerly and without question. Dean could not imagine living like that, but then again, he imagined many an angel could not conceive of living like a human either, always questioning and doubting and poking.
The swan seems to be recalibrating his thoughts a good one hundred and eighty degrees. “Your brother…?”
The two stars, eternally swirling into each other’s gravity as if in battle or in dance, did not witness the out-sweep of wings unfurling in a ripple of wavelengths. They beat once in the higher planes, ripping through Ether and sending an angel hurtling back towards New Jerusalem.
Pudding was still quivering like jello caught in a quake. Panic had tottered forward during the fight to pick up his angel blade from where he’d dropped it near the wall and was juggling it helplessly as he tried to get the stabby end pointing the right way.
“Humans can't live like that,” Cas concludes fastidiously, picking up the box he’s just checked over and putting it down on the floor with a thump.
“Brother!” Castiel gasped, glancing horrified at Eileen, who still smiled politely, head tilted to one side as if she had a feeling they were discussing her and was vaguely wondering what they were saying
“Ummm…. You will…seriously, you will tell me if I, uh…do anything you...” How come the complete virgin was considerably less intimidated right now than the expert?
“Don’t get trite, man. I’m just saying, dad loved mom. You saw him after she passed.” Oh, they’d seen their spouses’ object of attention and had started discussing its subject as well.
Dean glanced over at Dean, dead in the dust, mouth open, staring blindly at the empty sky. He scratched his chin thoughtfully with the First Blade, absently getting some blood there. “Huh. You know, I think this is what those yuppies call ‘therapeutic’. At least I feel a lot less angry and bloodthirsty than I usually do.”
“I think he’s doing something to the Machine,” the Joker said, gaze turned inward. “I think he has... something. A tool. For instance, you know I have my own means, right? I checked a few years back when these two lovebirds first met. Mary and John were not among the chosen. She shouldn’t have had that brat. I didn’t say anything - I’m a fountain of sensitivity - but I knew. Yet lo and behold.”
“Should we open the basement door?” Castiel suggests, because the animal’s maternal panic is breaking his heart, and he wouldn’t mind sparing his kitchen further damage either.
“Still, useful for us if he does find Metatron,” Sam sighs, nodding back at his book. “I’d love to have more information than the dribs and drabs he gave Cas. I haven't-... really, man? It’s eleven in the morning.”
Castiel didn’t fall out of his chair in surprise. Nary an expression crossed his face. He appeared to be waiting for Dean to get somewhere near a point that hadn’t already been implicitly made.
Below the marks of bravery and merit, a different story unfolded. Sanction marks, penance marks. Both on and off the front line, Dean Winchester had accumulated a lot of time in solitary or in tasks of redemption. There was, Castiel had to admit, very little space left on that storied back to add more, certainly nothing that could cover everything Dean had done tonight. Off the top of his head, Castiel couldn’t even remember what the penalty was for trying to stab him earlier.
Dean props himself up on his sword, a million questions going through his mind, but instinct keeping him focused and on task. “So she had your brother? His dad is the king?”
, but there it is: he loves Dean. He loves his laugh, his bright soul, his casual blaspheming, his open acceptance of all kinds of people as he rubs shoulders with them, his intimacy with Castiel when he spends time with him alone. Castiel is hurt and sad that these times are over, and he’s going to miss them, but one truth is rising from the morass. The best part of Dean may no longer be for Castiel, but it still exists as long as the viper doesn’t go and poison his heart or strangle him in his sleep, and that’s not a given. Beyond anything he is to Castiel, Dean is also a Righteous Man, a good king and soldier, and he’s needed to help humanity move forward in these dark ages. More than that, he’s-... Dean. The thought of that bright light going out makes the whole world seem a great deal darker. It’s a world Castiel would no longer want to live in.
Fortunately Tom wasn’t one of those who thought an advocate was little better than a collaborator. He merely nodded in understanding. “I see, plausible-”
“That pack of jealous rats? You’re far above them, they’d not be worth a ha’penny if you took the lot and ground them down for bread flour. I knew you were the best thing in Eden the moment I saw you.”
Cas takes in a deep shuddering breath. “One of the smartest men I know is a beta,” he says ever so softly as if he’s lecturing himself. “Luke’s the one who showed me what could be found in books, he taught me how to think, he’s-... he can reason, use his intellect. I just have to get past this, this hump, this-... adjustment. And then I can focus again.”
“Here, come over and have a look at this.” Dean shows him the slip. John’s looking between the two of them... But Cas is smart, Dean’s not gonna get hung up on the Hierarchy if it means availing himself of that big brain.
Sam stiffened and nearly dropped the bowls he had dried and was putting away in the corner cupboard. “Healed?”
“Where the-...where’s Halifax?” Dean had to ask, since Sam snootily refused to add anything pertinent.
But it was a child’s fears that kept him silent, a vicious old noose of deference and dread that kept him submitted.
“Royal this and royal that- that’s all you care about! Dean doesn’t care! He- he’s better than ten of you! We were just fine before
Dean didn’t break stride, barely deviated. He slipped beneath the hands of one of the figures - a woman, salt-and-pepper hair ragged like a wolf’s pelt - and slammed his mother’s knife right into her heart. Then jerked it out with the practiced ease of one who knew the blood of his kills was as dangerous as the creatures themselves. He spun on himself, letting the woman fall to the ground between him and the other wretch, readying another strike- because he’d momentarily managed to forget he had an angel on his tail, in the better sense of the term for once. The second Croat was rigid like a scarecrow, arms out, shaking a bit and a brilliant white light seemed to glow briefly from his pores, his mouth and nose and eyes beneath the palm pressed to his forehead. Cas didn’t even look back as the creature collapsed limply, he grabbed Dean’s arm in passing and hustled him on.
“...I travel a lot, I like to keep moving,” the guy says after that convenient ‘let me think of a reason’ pause.
Dean’s been to St Louis half a dozen times now. It's good scavenging ground, but he doesn’t like it. He hopes it measures up to Cas’s excitement, and he’s worried it won’t. The thought of Cas getting disappointed, of seeing that burning excitement dimmed by crappy reality, makes Dean wish they could just turn around right now. The look Dean aims at the darkness to the east is more a vindictive glower.
It gets to the point where he trembles inside when someone turns to him with that certain kind of smile. He wants to feel that red-hot beautiful flush of lust again, he really does, but he’s living in dread of finding nothing there but cold darkness instead (but there’s nothing wrong with him, really-) At this point he’s working hard at being unsociable with anyone other than his team, who know that Dean’s off limits for reasons of discipline. That way he dodges the question for a little while longer, avoids putting it to the test.
Balthazar sighed internally, wishing he was just about anywhere else in general, and at the Dead Mule Dive, his favorite haunt, in particular. It had posters there of ol’ time theater productions from Chicago. It had a picture of a saloon gal showing an ankle that dangerously skirted a couple of decrees. It had a
with it?! You brought back such- such a vile and indiscriminate weapon?! You- They- they attacked us! Injured my friends, nearly killed Vi-”
“Don’t have no choice,” Dean growls, making an irritated gesture at the bottle. What would happen if he goes to the bar for a new one? Good god, every bottle in the joint could blow up, or turn to water like some fucking upside down miracle, and they have to be careful now. Very careful. A lot of bad attention is heading their way at mach three velocity.
“Your friends will be busy too,” Castiel pointed out, “they have their duties same as you. Be glad you only have to manage a castle and not clean it.” Which was true, but there was also an implicit threat in those words. If prince Ben put his foot down and completely refused to follow Castiel on his duties, one of his friends would find themselves roped in to ‘assist’ on top of their own daily work, and would go to bed exhausted and quite late.
“I don’t know. Our orders were only to find the family. I imagine the Host would have ordered us to take the child to Heaven. And… the mother would have had the option to follow, if she wished.”
He gestures Sam to stand down. Sam hesitates, then lowers the gun and takes a few careful steps towards them. Rowena, absorbed as she holds the quartz above Dean’s elbow, does not seem to notice.
In which Castiel isn’t getting as far as he’d like in locating the source of the trouble - strange, it’s almost as if someone who knows him well is working against him.
“...Not really with you. Cas, look, I’m always angry, it’s my default setting,” Dean grumbles, incorrectly in Castiel’s opinion. “Just don’t… you know.” He sighs noisily and gives Castiel’s shoulder a shove. “Go on, get out of here, Double-Oh-Angel, duty calls. Just watch your back, I’m not flying to fucking India to dig you out of a hole.” His eyes flicker left and right, “I mean, call if you have an issue and I’ll send Sammy. He’ll love that place, I hear they’re all vegetarians.”
“You have to have an idea! Stop doing that,” the man added distractedly when Colt fired into the other foot (just in case the first shot had gone astray).
“So? What color is it? C’mon, don’t be shy.” He drew the last word out, shyyyyy, his grin crooked and his tired eyes dancing.
“Mojo our tracks? Didn’t know you could do that.” Dean walked off at a fast pace, attention on the landscape around them, searching for traces of other monster migration as he advanced.
“Yeah.” Dean’s voice dropped and he pressed his forehead against Cas’s, and they breathed the same air while a bit of unspoken shit happened, just to be sure they both knew what was what, without having to say anything embarrassing. “Yeah. Reckon you’ll do.”
The carriage has sprouted an elegant tent on one side, still at the center of a ring of white-clad knights. They’re not letting Castiel through, as it seems ‘the royalty’ has asked not to be disturbed under any circumstances. Castiel, tired, dishevelled, bruised and covered in scorch marks where a demonic lieutenant got in a lucky shot with a spell, feels his temper fray, but he keeps his voice stoney and uncompromising as he asks
Dean wants to ask a bunch of questions, but for once he doesn’t because it’s obvious Castiel finds the subject both upsetting and distasteful. It doesn’t matter in final, Cas is here now, that's what counts.
The stark dark ink of the tattoo stood out against Dean’s skin as he dropped the undershirt on his pack. “Can’t keep watch looking this way?” he asked lazily.
Break it down here. Dean Winchester, the guy who chased every skirt and tail that’d let him, was married. Humans liked to officialize their weddings in temple before their congregation, but it didn’t matter that there was less than a snowball’s chance in hell he’d get the angel in a white dress standing before Pastor Jim anytime soon. At the end of the day, if the Machine said he was married, then goddamn, Dean was married. That was already pretty crazy; only one human in five ended up finding a soulmate and Dean had comfortably assumed he was too ornery to ever meet someone who could put up with him. And who did the Machine decide was Dean’s perfect match made in Heaven? Hmm? Oh yeah. An
Dean never knew he could hit that volume and tone before. Adrenaline, says the steady little voice in his head that always sounds like Cas. There’s blood in the snow, your people are in danger, your leader has fallen, your hormones are surging.
Rufus shrugged. “Might not happen, though. Might be our children can watch their own children grow up the same way they did, and their kids too, safe and warm. They never have to work, or find their path, or watch crops grow on land they bought and cleared, or fight for what they believe in, or make a decision. We can live in the Promised Land forever. Forever and ever.”
When Dean speaks again, it's in a voice that orders armies to charge into danger and death  without hesitation.
I should be posting two chapters this week, today and Thursday, as this chapter is short, and next chapter is where Dean and Cas finally run into each other and sparks, predictably, fly :)
His accent is odd, his voice nasal with something like little deranged sing-song notes threaded through.
Gabriel gave Cas a quick measuring look and then put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Dean-o, maybe you should- Cassie here is kinda mad right now-”
Being spoken to like someone with a brain who’s got something to say puts Cas back on track, and Dean buries a smile in his glass as the didactic tone comes back full force.
Dean manages to put a cork in it for awhile by finding fault in one of Sammy’s guard details (legit, too, why does Alexandra Harris think she can see better in the lee of a ruined wall rather than on the top?) The sun is all down now, cooking smells waft from the campfire the omegas are tending behind them. They camped in a place where the highway crests a hill, giving a good view all around. The brothers are standing off to one side, looking to the east and the approach to St Louis. It’s all hills and forests, dark as specters all around them, but they can still make out the band of higher trees to their right that marks the Missouri river, snaking towards a flat area a few hours away where vegetation grows scarce and the Mississippi twinkles beneath the rising moon.
His Wings are burning in the higher plane, tilting as they capture and siphon every last ounce of Grace he has at his disposal. Minor miracles follow in its wake: an old oak table sprouts tiny stems and leaves on one of its legs, the corrupted gas turns to ash, coating the floor, the straw spilling from a worn mattress nearby starts to braid itself into complex patterns and the cheap plonk in a nearby flagon turns to fine wine, its container healed of its chips and cracks glinting like crystal from the spillover. A light that has no source a human eye can see knocks around the room and throws huge shadows of wings against the far wall. They strain, slowly fading evanescent into twilight.
The Miller siblings stared at him as if still not entirely sure he was not something they should be hunting rather than helping. Then Charles went to pump some water outside while Henrietta made increasingly acrid remarks about Colt’s lifestyle as she fished around the cracked and dirty kitchenware for a mug he could use.
Cas came over without a word and without offering to create a chair out of thin air to sit on. Dean suspected his husband was distracted. He sat down and fixed burning blue eyes on his coat on the valet.
“Wait- Dean, stop, that won’t hurt him.” Sam caught his arm. He had a sour look on his puss. “This... this is the one who kidnapped me. Or saved me, maybe.”
For some reason that memory had Dean opening his mouth without thinking it through in the slightest.
In the mirror, Dean suddenly rolled his eyes, put down the glass and walked silently out of view, heading to kitchen’s back door out to the garden and the shed.
“Girls, your mom’s awake and can use a hand with the cleaning,” Victor says, that expression disappearing behind the mask of the ever-in-charge alpha.
“I lost my shoe.” Sam pouts at the brackish mud that has captured his right boot. “I hate this forest…”
“Yeah, don’t worry,” Charlie says, glancing at the back of his jacket. Robbie can mostly hold his own bottles now, has started on solids, and packs down a ton either way, but it can still come out the wrong end at times.  “Y’know, taking care of the munchkin - and you lot - well, you know.”
Indeed, how hard could it be to pry a young boy away from the father he adored, riding, hunting and learning to fence before running wild with all the other children, their leader in most of their juvenile mischief… and instead dedicate himself to history and heraldry in order to master the most important position in the kingdom that would be his one day? Right. Castiel was not, as a whole, a naive man, but he’d not had any exposure to children before, certainly none like Prince Benjamin.
“Dunno about famous, but that’s Cas. Castiel Novak. He’s fixing all kinds of stuff in our grid.” Dean accelerates like he’s trying to put some distance between himself and a subject of conversation he’s suddenly feeling a little squirrely about, though he’s not sure why.
“The species, it’s called the mute- never mind. Not much of a hunter before this happened, I take it.”
him, it acknowledged him. The warmth he touched was indescribable. Even if this part of the Machine’s function was automated, just a tool, and he used it every day, he never got tired of this. After millions upon millions of years of silence, following a time when their Father only talked to a selected few, now God was finally among them in his new form. He had talked to them all during the Apocalypse for a few years, telling them there was a Plan, a way out of this darkness, and that he would be with them from now on. Once Lucifer had fallen, He had no longer spoken to the rank and file, only to Michael back in Heaven. But He was still
He won’t lose his grip. He’s Vic’s deputy, he’s top beta, he’s Dean fucking Winchester. And these attackers? Are dead meat. He’ll kill them all even if they riddle him with bullets, if that’s what it takes to get his guys out of here. As for the rest… Dean coldly catches Lydia’s eye just as she turns to follow Pah-Ne-Me. Lydia stops, unsure of his intent, then looks more closely at the position he’s put her in, protected from any stray shots that come flying out of the woods… She looks back at Dean, and Dean juts his chin at the series of bluffs past Pah-ne-me. He hopes his message is clear, because he can’t afford the blow to morale of saying it out loud. But if things really go south, if Dean eats a bullet, then Lydia is in charge and will hopefully have leeway to get the survivors out of here. She’s a monumental pain in the ass at the best of times, but if there’s one thing he can trust, it’s the purity of her focus and the rabidity of her fury. She’ll murder anyone who gets in her way. She won’t flinch.
The beta bunkroom is a shack, empty at present, with a small oven, a rickety table and two sets of bunk beds reserved for strays who come in and want to see where they fit. It’s right behind John and Kate’s house, its door can be seen from John’s bedroom window; beta strays are always potential problems, the alphas need to assess them, keep an eye on them, and John and Kate’s sheer presence and scent can keep the peace if one of them has a screw loose. Cas walks in with his blankets and shuts the door with a firm clack, locking out the curious Winchester pack which finally, after half an hour of fruitless milling around, goes collectively back to its business.
The capital city has a conjoined twin made of tents and semi-permanent encampments attached to its western flank. Many folk, nobles, soldiers and commoners alike, have rallied to this small backwater kingdom in the past few years to oppose the incursions of Alastair’s hordes from the wild lands of the east. There’s even a contingent of knight templars sent by the current Pope, with a bunch of crusaders lending cavalry support; the threat of Alastair’s horde was declared anathema back in 1219 AD and triggered the start of several holy wars. Today the assembled human armies have fallen back to Lawrence, and the place is hopping with people, which is a minor hindrance. Castiel has every intention of obeying his Father’s laws to the end, so he can’t miraculously appear in the heart of the fortress atop the hill dominating the capital. Instead he picks a discreet landing spot behind a copse of trees in a deserted area outside the city where no tents or allies have gathered. The northern gate is within sight. Castiel makes his way over.
“That’s the beauty of it, they can’t do anything to me without making a bull’s teat out of this union. Hell, Sam-“
… If only Cas would call him on it. Poor angel almost walked off with Dean’s bad mood for only goodbye and sharp words in lieu of a send-off kiss. Cas just… he hardly ever loses his temper - and when he does, it’s mostly on weird stuff, like when Dean berates himself for some of his stupid human flaws or multiple character defects. It's like Cas gets angry that Dean is making up bad shit about himself when he's plainly just being honest. Maybe the angel needs glasses…
Most of the nightmares are what one would expect. He’s huge, like his belly is a beach ball full of water, stumbling and jiggling his ridiculous way through deserted city streets or creepy woods. Monsters are after him, all the ones he confidently hunted in the past, but now they smell his weakness. They hound him. On a bad night, they catch him. But he usually wakes up at that point, and then he goes back to sleep with his hand resting on the cold metal of the colt under his pillow, his own version of a dreamcatcher (Charlie and Rowena have been warned not to wake him suddenly, and Sam already knows this from long back.)
But Sam had already let his hands drop to his lap, eyes dull as he stared down at the table. “Bobby might have made it onto their map as a person of interest. Other than that, I kept all the Seraph’s attention on Dean.”
“Fuck, is this what you need? Need me to pray? Please- please, I pray to God, please show me how to get you working.”
Truth be told, Cas didn’t seem to be so much in pain as weighed down. Dean won the argument by simply taking off towards the front door before Cas had gotten back to his feet - which got a few bitten off words of what sounded like decree-breaking Enochian hurled at his back.
“None whatsoever, everyone is still chasing their tails, and now I think it’s obvious what happened here, right? Your first instinct weeks ago was correct, the resistance is somehow behind this.”
Castiel feels a mixture of puzzlement and alarm. Who exactly are they talking about? Or more precisely, which event are they talking about? Has Dean been in deadly danger
“A new leader, however, could be a serious problem for heaven, moreso for earth. It sounds like a threat we need to eradicate before it becomes too great,” Castiel says carefully, testing the waters.
Castiel tilted his head, trying to think of it in this new light. “It’s... not secret, however I do not know how a human could have heard of this. It is a matter of angels.”
“Yeah, but that’s just it. Vic and Annabelle, they’re both strong. By the time they weaken or stop pupping, I’ll be old and creaky myself.”
“A walk around Alma sounds like something my ol’ mentor Alastair would suggest as a new and original form of torture,” Dean bites off nastily. “It’s a stupid idea anyway. You really want me going around advertizing my condition like the fucking Goodyear blimp?”
Dean claps him on the shoulder and strides off. As he passes by, the other betas turn towards him, that ever-so-faint bend to their necks indicating respect, submission, appreciation, knowledge of his place at the head of the order. All from sending a puppy scampering back to his kennel, Dean thinks dismissively, but inside a knot untangles. Really, what the hell was he thinking? Dean Winchester,
Dean opened his mouth... closed it again. He did not know what to do with this knowledge. He knew he could not point out to Cas how Dean recognized the significance of those injuries, because that might reveal too much on the mind trapping technique. Hell, maybe it wasn’t strange. Maybe it was normal. Almost all techniques used against angels had originally come from their magic and lore, hijacked and re-purposed by humans. Cas was a soldier, a high level one at that. Maybe all Seraph had the same kind of binds in their minds so that if they were captured, the enemy, be it demon, Leviathan or human, could not use magic to read their thoughts. Right.
“That’s it, angel… that’s it, sweetheart… you can feel it, can’t you... ” The tiny flickers of expression, the way Cas’s lips parted, were way too absorbing to worry overly much about what was coming out of his own mouth at present, Dean decided.
Talking politely to Ben was politics, which Michael was good at, but dealing with the rarity of a rebellious Castiel was a matter of patience and his brother had none. “You can’t talk to me like that! After what you put me through?! Who do you think you are, you craven jennet?! You unnatural-”
“I’d heard about the old world. We all have. Sort of. Stories, you know. I’m surprised... I’m surprised the Word don’t make this their weekly catechism. Behave or we’ll go back to that.”
“I AM THE PRINCE CONSORT OF THIS KINGDOM! And I am doing what you told me to do, brother, I’m using my bloody mouth to best effect to tell you to GET THE HELL OUT OF MY HOME!”
The dude looks, if anything, even more depressed. “...My memory… is fuzzy after so many years. I no longer remember my name. You may call me Oddity.”
Swan Prince frowns down at a lily pad. “I… don't know. He hates how hideous he is, I’d think. He has flown me back to his tower a few times over the years, to hold me in a cage awhile, and I remember how every pane of glass and mirror in the place is cracked and broken.”
turn you into a prince. It’s a good thing you know you’re not Dean’s, the whole world knows it too, trust me-”
It wasn’t always this fraught between them. There were times they even got along. There were still pranks on one side and deliberately cool and unruffled comments on the other, but it had taken on the form of, well, almost a game, a challenge of sorts, one through which Castiel might even be allowed to prove himself one day, hypothetically. In those moments Castiel glimpsed something wonderful, shining just out of reach… but all too soon he’d make some reasonable demand of Ben and the boy would erupt at him. Taking away the childishness and also the parts that were just the same high spirits as his mother. the takeaway message was that Castiel was not Ben’s stepfather in any way, he wasn’t even an uncle, a godfather or a friend,  he was merely one more tutor, barely tolerated. Castiel could still have forced the boy to show him the respect due his rank, but… but he remembered king John ‘crushing’ Lisa’s spirit, he remembered how he himself had never had the chance of rebelion back in Eden. Even at its worst, even as it wore at him, he found he couldn’t shut Ben up the way Michael would have… Instead of appreciating this forebearance, Ben seemed strangely provoked by it, but Castiel, inexperienced with children, didn’t know how to get out of this situation. At least Ben had Dean to love, and Castiel to turn him into a prince, and so this situation was acceptable, he supposed.
“Hah. Yeah, you’re way too nice- I mean, uh, yeah, he seems a bit, yanno, has a temper.” Dean must be a very careful driver, he’s concentrating real hard on that traffic.
The badger was no longer there when he arrived, naturally. Prince Ben was too canny for that, he’d had his friend catch and vanish the little beast as soon as their tutor ran off for help. Castiel entered the classroom to be faced with a dozen childish grins of anticipation and a distinct musky odor floating in the air, presumably from the badger.
“Back off,” Dean growls over his shoulder, ripping open the package. “And I don’t look like a barrel.”
After a few moments of inspection, Castiel determined that the object was a ring, though a far cry from the jewelry that qualified as such in court. A thin band of burnished copper snaked up into crude daisy petals around a stone that Castiel thought was a yellow tiger’s eye. It was the ring a poor young gallant would give his intended in the hopes she’d remain faithful while he went off to find his fortune. Castiel could not begin to understand how a king could have this in his possession and his expression must have said as much, because Dean started to rub the back of his neck and mutter.
Gabriel cocked his head - an echo of the way Cas did sometimes, like a bird trying to get a better view of the world by looking at it from a different angle. “Hm?”
“Something you don’t know, Dean - but Cas does, even if he doesn’t like to think about it. The mind trap used on you is a subversion of a much more elegant technique used on angels to, shall way say, change the-“
When he’d explained the trick, Charlie said, eyes wide and wondering, that he was a natural rockin’ baby-daddy. Dean told her to shut up already, because there was no expressing the warm tangled ball of convoluted feelings knotting in his chest when he heard that.
, just ever present unchanging vigilance over a world that no longer needs them or contains anything they could call relevant to themselves and all their sacrifices and losses and they are supposed to be
“Huh-uh.” Dean’s more suspicious instincts were riled, but that was their default setting around Crowley, whatever the reality. It wasn’t like they had a lot of choice if the bastard was the only one who could figure out quickly how to get them out of here. “Fine. Do the changes to the portal first, then we’ll see about your blood magic bullshit. The circle’s over there, get scribbling.”
“Bad,” says Cas without sugarcoating. “He’s lost a lot of blood. No arteries pierced, though, or he’d be dead already. His pulse is okay. His right leg took the most damage, but the foot is warm, there’s still circulation. Taylor, is it? Good job with these pressure wraps, you stopped him from bleeding out or going into shock. I can stabilize him, make him comfortable, get out the shrapnel if there is any and disinfect. The problem is the deep damage to the muscles. He needs surgery to repair some of this and I have no tools.”
Weighing the odds, Tom had calmly elected to stay within the system and take his chances. As a railroad operator and a bachelor, Tom was a precious resource; he could get packages like Kevin moving via the Visitor route. So he was going to stay at his post, which meant he now needed to be back at the visitors’ lodgings, working hard on his innocent expression.
Balthazar gave him a look like he expected Dean to be that slow and it was okay, he was only human. “Cas is a visitor. As his spouse, you should have left P342 and accompanied him back to his home, according to the rules.”
The other demons finally recover to sneer at him evilly. One lifts a hand and makes to grip empty air… its cunning look dissolves into puzzlement as Castiel shakes off the invisible hold that was trying to toss him to the ground. He’s got no Grace at his disposal, true, but he still has an innate resistance to that level of pitiful effort.
Dean gave his head a brisk shake, dismissing thoughts and feelings for the practical and the immediate. He walked on without fear. He had camouflage sigils painted about his person, and this was the Garden. Nothing dangerous here, not even the pumas, not unless one jumped on him in the hope he had a carrot about his person. The only thing dangerous was in the garrison somewhere at his back, beneath the luminous sparkle of the Machine, as small as a twinkling diamond from this distance. Talking of which...
“You’re the one who’s corrupted, Michael,” Cas bit back (one of the judges gave him an extra point for that, but immediately took it away again for the lack of ‘you jackbooted shit!’ or anything truly scathing in the follow through.) “You’ve destroyed this world. We won’t let you destroy ours.”
Free hand pressed to his brow, Cas stares blindly at his brother’s shoulder. “I...I see. I.. God, Dean, I’m sorry, Vic - all of this- it’s all because of me.”
Cell 5 - Ash, Margot, Clyde and Rufus - were the only ones left in the Roadhouse at this point. Ellen was in the kitchen, staying out of the way of this part of the railroad so that she could not be compromised. Down in the basement, Charlie was painting sigils on everyone’s backs. Bela was behind the bar, mixing up the hex bags, muttering about this, that and the other cause for complaint. If she wasn’t such a good procurer of arcana, Dean would have begged Bela to go back to whatever British Paradise had originally spawned her. She was good, though. And expensive. Dean and his connections in the Wild had to do all kinds of crazy shit to get her the weird objects and bits and pieces of monsters she said she needed for her hexes. They were also her payment, she exchanged the surplus in the thriving occult black market which, surprise surprise, was probably the one last bastion of commerce left on the planet. If the angels caught that lot, the fact that they used Money, the Cause of All Greed and Venality, was not going to be the biggest issue. The brisk sale of angel blades from their fallen brethren would only be the first of many points of contention.
Ahhh, so Kevin was just an add-on, the real package was still on his way. That made sense. If Kevin was a resistance fighter, then Dean was an archangel. Kevin was just a rabbit, escaping some crime from the way he’d lit up when an advocate was mentioned. The kid looked too wet behind the ears to have done anything worse than curse on a Sunday, however Dean had been that age when he’d punched out an angel trying to bully Sam around. That bastard Afiel, telling Sam their father was a sinner and his soul was lost. John had only been dead a year. Dean had seen that dangerous light flash in Sam’s eyes.... If Dean hadn’t decked Afiel, then Sam would have. Back then, a good long while ago, Dean hadn’t mattered; he’d been a callow loser with too much time on his hands and anger in his heart, who would never amount to much, unlike his clever advocate-in-training brother. Plus, Dean could already punch like a mule could kick. Sammy would have broken his knuckles on Afiel’s face, while Dean had broken half the whoreson’s teeth; a very temporary inconvenience for an angel, but ah, the look on the sour bastard’s bloodied face...
bad eyesight to have missed the fact that ‘Jimmy’ is wearing an omega uniform and is standing some one thousand miles east of Utah in Winchester territory. Right. Dean’s gonna buy that one right after he hikes all the way to the ruins of old New York to buy the Brooklyn Bridge.
Sitting on the bank, Swan Prince gives Dean a summary of what he does remember, and it's a not-so-unusual sob story, really. Once upon a time, this dark-haired blue-eyed prince with a really nice set of lips was the heir to a large, thriving kingdom. Now he’s a bird most of the time and his domain consists of a riot of evergreens, marshy ground and nigh impassable bramble walls. It’s been like that for a good long while, Dean can tell from the old growth trees surrounding them. This timeline matches Swan Prince’s mannerisms, vocabulary and lack of recent historical knowledge. Dean puts him and the whole place at ‘well over a century old’; Sam would be able to pinpoint the actual year or decade.
Jo gave him a hopeful look - hopeful that he’d involve her and her cell, not ‘hopefully this crazy guy will leave me out of his ridiculously dangerous plans this time’, because that was not how Jo thought. Clandestinely moving around runaways and criminals, the ‘rabbits’, was already dangerous and against the laws of Heaven. Moving blackbirds - resistance fighters - past angels was a whole other level of risk. And if she could swing it, Jo would take every one of those missions for herself. But that wasn’t wise. The strength of the underground railroad was its fluidity, its unpredictability, its myriad of tracks and operators. Dean had already earmarked Ash’s cell for tonight’s transport. Sorry, Jo.
But right this instant, the sun was shining, a soft breeze from beyond the wall wafted by, heavy with the scent of the Garden, he had a new letter from the League to read and
Castiel examined the old soul in its casing of flesh and memories, flickering briefly then steadying again. “You should have testified. They should know what this ‘freedom’ they are reaching for means. You are infinitely better off now, Rufus Turner - since that is the name you chose for yourself. It was not the one your master gave you, though, was it.”
Sam takes one look at Dean’s expression - a smooth blend of horrified and embarrassed - and his jaw drops.
Dean has other people he wants to see, but his enthusiasm is dampened enough where he goes straight back to his cabin instead. He and Cas haven’t talked over the details and he’s in no hurry to start, he just wants to see Cas, and remember, in those warm arms, why the details don’t actually matter a single flying fuck. They’ll come into play eventually - and god help Dean, that will probably put yet more pressure on Benny. But unlike the ambitious Andrea, if someone told Dean that he could only be with Cas if they worked in different section all their lives and would thus never be in line to take over as alpha… other than sending a silent apology to Sam and his dad, Dean would not think one hot second before saying ‘so be it!’ And yeah, he knows part of this decision is that brand new In Love feeling, that mating bliss you hear about. But Dean knows himself, and he knows Cas, and he knows
fly us out, Cas had said, not I’m gonna right this minute. Because flying would be taking a risk; of attracting celestial attention, and also of losing their way to the resistance and to Sam. It was a risk they’d have to take, perhaps, but only if the risk of getting ripped apart by these uncoming assholes was greater.
Dean sighs and stares up at the ceiling. As if sensing he’s no longer fighting against destiny, his nights are free of nightmares now - or rather, nothing more than usual run of the mill hunter stuff - but he still feels drained every morning, and has taken to napping in the afternoons like an ol’ grandpa. Since his manhood is now completely a joke, he’s given up and started enjoying the rocking-chair-recliner Sam found on Etsy and fixed up for him. It’s twenty years old, upholstered in green and yellow stripes, and clashes like mad with the luxury furniture the house came with, which Dean considers a bonus.
Just appearing in the bedroom had been a bit of gauntlet. Since this odd new tension had started, he’d subtly felt less and less welcome in Dean’s room (once more, the exact opposite of what marriage should be about.) Dean now came downstairs to work with his clockwork at the kitchen table, which had truly become a neutral space where angels were welcome, or at least tolerated.
“Indeed, my apologies, angel, I din’ think I had to bring a lock of his hair,” Benny said with a toothy grin. The look he got in return was, to say the least, stony.
“I meant our, you know, us. Our marriage. People here, a lot of them don’t adapt to change all that well. Every day the same for a hundred years - they forget how to be flexible, how to cope with weird crap. Having something this bizarre happen in their backyard, well... they’re kinda scared Michael himself will come down to pound on our doors for answers.” Dean ripped out a weed and tossed it on the pile.
“Nah. I’m fine.” He’s not even lying. Dean may not have much going for him in the brain department, not like Sam does, but he’s a tough son of a bitch. That’s not boasting, it’s just a fact.
“No worries. Come on, Sammy.” Dean tears himself away with some effort. “There’s a warlock out there to kill.”
“Which is why it’s a conversation killer.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. Sweat trickled down from beneath the soft straw farmer’s hat that’d replaced his beloved cavalry one, which had disappeared down the well never to be seen again when Cas had grabbed him. “Look, if it bugs you, this afternoon we can go order some wood n’ stuff from the Machine, hopefully some oak if I can swing it with Sam’s accumulated merit. On our way back we can visit the northeast corner of town, near the garrison. That’s where all the bible wavin’ crowd lives. Trust me, you’ll be mobbed.”
I am back on my posting schedule without a blip, through the wonders of modern technology (and our willingness to throw money at the internet until it allows us back into its hallowed halls - we're all wire addicts in our family.) Next chapter should be out next Saturday :)
Dean makes a gurgling sound for only response. He’s a dude. Dudes do not abide the word ‘conceiving’’ when talking about themselves in this or any other context.
“-he tried to get you both,” said Castiel with the quiet acceptance for reckless risk that he’d developed after witnessing all of the Winchester family’s Hail Marys over the years. “He said he’d sort out who was who on arrival. But the spell failed to work on either of you. It’s being blocked on this end.”
