Tony flicks on the news and tries not to think about the bottles in the kitchen. He’ll go soon. He will. He can walk away from the bottles. All things considered, he has to, because the last thing he wants is for Steve to come striding in, tall and proud, when he’s lying under the table drowning in scotch.
“Aw, Stevie, you big shmuck!” Bucky throws an arm around his shoulder, tugging him into a playful squeeze. “Come on, why don’t you catch me up on what I’ve missed. That’s okay, right Tony? You don’t need me for anything else? And you don’t mind if I—”
Nebula is supporting almost all his weight, practically dragging him down the gangway. He’s so, so tired, his body rebelling against the idea that he might survive after he’s already resigned himself to death.
Waking up in the future – the present – came with a whirlwind of new things to see and learn, and desperately try and understand. Some mornings, it had still made his head spin.
“Would it really be so terrible if you had to stay like this?” Tony asks and Steve blinks, taken aback.
After all this time, Steve still holds his heart in a vice. The past few days have been an emotional hellhole and damn it, Tony just wants his ex-husband to hold him.
Recognition and understanding flash across his face as he considers the timeline, but Steve’s stomach sinks when his expression darkens. “You mean you couldn’t do that to
For six months Tony doesn’t hear anything from Steve. He figures it out. Life slowly starts to get better, and in the two trips he’s made the Compound since the gala they’ve avoided each other entirely. It’s not ideal but Tony can make his peace with that because the dull ache and a few days of living life in monochrome is an infinite improvement over being ripped apart and having his heart stomped into the pavement.
“It wasn’t a onesie!” Peter pipes up from across the room, drawing everyone’s attention to his heightened sense of hearing. The young arachnid blushes lightly. So endearing.
For Steve, rebuilding that bridge with Tony had been all fiery shouting matches, eventually burning low into heated discussions and sharp comments. When distrusting glares gave way into uncertainty, Steve hadn’t missed his opportunity and everything had exploded again, with Tony’s legs wrapped around Steve’s waist and his tongue halfway down Steve’s throat.
He can still hear him, as clear as ever, with the hum of the reactor in his ear and the soft beams of light cutting between his eyelashes.
Memory-Tony was sharing a story about his mother now, wiping spit and spunk from his chin as he recounted a recipe she used to make in the fall because it’s right before Thanksgiving. It’s a dessert he hasn’t had since the Thanksgiving before she died, and Steve had said he’d give it a try. He’d followed through on that promise a few weeks later and Tony had had to blink the stars from his eyes for a month afterwards
It’d been just shy of a year since the Rogue Avengers had taken refuge in Wakanda. Tony had spent weeks ignoring the piece of shit burner phone that Steve had dropped on his doorstep, forcing himself to focus on Rhodey’s physiotherapy and his own slow, painful recovery.
“If you’re mine, I want you to come for me,” Tony grunts, and the rough order sends him jerking forward, panting into Tony’s throat as the building waves crest and he comes in hot stripes, shooting up Tony’s chest while the pleasure races all the way down to his toes. He’s laid bare, flying apart with only Tony’s hands on his hips to hold him down.
“Are you taking requests?” Natasha inquired, “because I have a fantastic recipe for cabbage rolls, I’ve never been able to get right.”
Tony slides the picture out of the envelope. It’s the new team, looking comfortable and relaxed out of their uniforms. The picture is broad and the photographer is standing far enough back to capture everyone. No one is looking at the camera but they’re all smiling, some standing, some kneeling down in the grass in the warm, bright sunshine.
“Well,” Tony claps his hands together around two leaflet folders tucked under one arm. “I suppose congratulations are in order.”
. Right there, honey, please.” Tony shivers when Steve reaches between them, curling his left hand around Tony’s cock just to watch the glint of his wedding ring as little pearls of white slip from the tip and wet his fingers. “I knew. Oh,
“I love you,” Steve says, ragged against his mouth, and he starts to ride him at a brutal, unforgiving pace. Tony’s under him, inside him. All around him. “Tony, I love you. You’re everything.
Steve didn’t push it right away, cracking eggs into a pan and frying them up. When his breakfast was ready, he refilled his own mug with coffee, padding over to refill Tony’s as well.
“Walk away. From this, I mean. Now. Please don’t make me be the one who walks away again. It’s killing me, Steve. You have to see that.”
Tony had been angry, thrusting back against him and enveloping him in that silken, sweet heat as his rich scent went bitter around the edges. Steve had tasted his loss and resentment on his tongue. Whispered apologies and promises to make things right rewarded him with whiffs of hazelnuts gone too soon; Tony’s unbridled arousal.
All the mutterings stop, and the hand Pepper has in his hair slides down to cup his face. Both of her hands are on his cheeks and he squints to try and make sense of the mess of eyes and nose and mouth that should be her face, but contort into something else. Maybe it’s all the red blotches, new splatters of watercolour across her delicate features that have never been there before.
“Well, and I say this as gently as I can, you could stop drinking, for one. Jim said he pinned you?”
“Yeah, punk. I already knew that.” Bucky gives him a light sock to the shoulder before he crosses the room and wordlessly hands Steve a tissue. They both pretend not to notice that Bucky’s sniffling too.
“When we were first in Wakanda, I blamed you for all of it. Everything. I was so incredibly angry and I didn’t know how you could do that to me. To us.” A feeling Tony knew all too well. “I spent a lot of time telling myself if you hadn’t been so stubborn all the damn time, if you hadn’t always expected so much of me, maybe I would have said something sooner. I spent a lot of time telling myself I couldn’t trust you because you hadn’t trusted me with Ultron, right?”
Tony spreads a palm over his chest, kneeling between his legs and tracing a path down his belly. His eyes darken and Steve’s tongue darts out to dry chapped lips as he lets his fingers trace the vein that runs along the underside of his cock. He’s so hard it feels like he might burst, but not before he gets Tony’s fingers inside him—gets all of Tony inside him.
He hasn’t been called away on any more missions, but all of a sudden, he appears more preoccupied. Tony tells himself that he doesn’t care, but that’s clearly a lie, because where on earth could their fearless leader be sneaking off to for long periods of time?
When Steve finally lets him go, he’s gasping, a hairbreadth away from coming without Steve laying a hand on him because it feels so good, so right. This is where Tony’s always meant to be.
Thanks for staying with me to the end and please let me know what you think. Know that I cherish every single comment and they've kept me going in moments I've hated the story!
Tony swallows audibly and Steve wants to laugh. He knows exactly how Tony must feel; he’s overwhelmed, too. He’s drowning in Tony, in the salty taste of his skin and the earthy smell of his shampoo, the way his skin is softer than Steve could have ever imagined, lined with thick, corded muscles from so much time spent in the workshop.
, he couldn’t say. But from one heartbeat to the next he’s in the middle of the living room at his family’s country home, all of eight years old, watching a near-identical scene unfold before his eyes.
Steve looks like he might say something more on the topic, but he rolls his shoulders and bites the words back. Instead, he says, “let’s just… try and talk about this.”
Bucky mumbled something about ungrateful Alphas and padded away into the kitchen, rustling around in the refrigerator.
“Oh my god.” Tony pushed out of Steve’s arms and rolled his eyes. He stumbled to his feet and came to a stop right in front of Bucky, so close he had to tip his head back to look up at him. “I told him that you stare. That you think about us. But he doesn’t believe me.”
. Steve stumbles backward but takes Tony with him, arms immediately coming to wrap around his waist and pull him in despite his grunt of pain.
“You don’t! You think you know better than me. You think you know what’s right and you never even consider that maybe sometimes I’m right too. This isn’t going to work if you keep thinking I’m beneath you, Steve.”
A flurry of motion has people filing out of the massive conference room, and Tony looks away from Ross’s glowering face to focus on Rhodey. Steve lingers across the room from him, somehow Tony knows it without looking over.
“Tony, please, can’t we just talk about this?” Steve was practically begging, his face a painful mask contorted with longing and sadness, and a desperate love so intense Bucky felt almost uncomfortable sitting in the same room.
“I do. Now sleep, old man, it’s past your bedtime.” Tony smirks at him, and Steve rolls his eyes but settles in beside him. “Lights, J.”
When Bucky went back into cryostasis, Steve tore the star off his uniform. They call him fugitive, a criminal and Steve’s certainly not Tony’s partner anymore. Tony’s all but said as much. He hasn’t answered Steve’s letter and the phone never rings.
The nightmares started to fade a few months after the last time he saw Steve, walking away because Tony asked him to, though he imagines that there will always be the odd evening where he’ll still wake up drenched in sweat, swallowing around bile and the taste of pennies. There are only two nightmares now, fan favourites really, and they’re always the same.
“What?” Tony runs a hand through his hair and down over his face. There’s exhaustion hollowed under his eyes and his shirt is crumpled.
“Getting a little old for that, he says,” Tony grumbles, but the twist on his lips doesn’t falter. “You haven’t aged a goddamn day. And I’ll fight with you every day for the rest of my life, honey, if that’s what you want.”
“Together,” Tony whispers, small and wretched. He doesn’t look at him. There are tears sparkling on his gauntlets, and the final remaining pieces of Steve’s heart shatter into fine grains of sand. “Always, together. That’s what you said.”
“There’s something I’ve been meaning to tell you.” The words catch in his throat and he rolls his shoulders back, looking for some shred of confidence and feeling empty. “There’s no excuse, I shouldn’t have waited so long but I thought—”
Across the room, Steve is standing with his back to Tony, talking in soft tones with Natasha. The stage is lit up and the rest of the Avengers are milling about with a nervous energy that sets Tony on edge. His speech tumbles around in his mind and for a second, he wishes that he’d never agreed to come.
“Natasha, please,” Tony rasped, crawling towards them, hand outstretched. She smacked him away and then someone else was there, an agent Tony didn’t recognize, pulling him back. Pulling him away. Away from
Tony’s nose wasn’t nearly as sensitive as his two Alpha’s, but he could smell the faint sickly-sweet cloud that followed him every time he left the workshop, even after hours scrubbing himself clean.
“It’s fine. He thinks you should hate him. Hell, I still don’t know how you don’t.” Steve shakes his head slowly, as if any move could startle Tony away.
“Yeah, Tony, I knew you heard me. I wanted you to hear me. I didn’t think you were ready to hear it but I wanted to tell you anyway, and if you didn’t want to know, you didn’t have to.” Steve’s eyes search his face.
Two weeks after the battle, when the Compound was still in shambles, a box of toys had arrived. It hadn’t just been an Iron Man puppet, there had been a whole series of children’s toys created as a new incentive to raise additional funds for the restored snap victims.
“I wasn’t ready for you to know.” Tony shrugs, turning back. “I know how important she was to you, and I didn’t want to, I don’t know, impact that in some way, I guess. But you don’t have to do these things on your own anymore, Steve. Together, always. Remember?”
Steve swallows hard, gritting his teeth. Tony’s goading him, he’s petty and vindictive and he wants to break Steve down into pieces as some sort of deranged retribution for Siberia. Steve knows it.
“You know, at first I was pretty sure that white stuff was comin’ outta him,” Sam’s the first to stride over and shake Peter’s hand. Peter returns the grip firmly, his face open and warm without a hint of reservation and in that moment, Tony is so proud of him. Peter is better than all of them combined. “Sam Wilson, the Falcon. And to be honest, I’m still not completely ruling it out.”
“God, what is with you this morning? Fine, weirdo, Italian I guess. I’m a big pasta person, go figure. Always have been. Mom cooked some amazing Italian when I was a kid.”
“There’s a sight.” Steve’s breath was hot in Tony’s ear, one hand stroked up his chest to curl around the side of his neck.
The rest of the room is watching the exchange in varying stages of obviousness and Tony knows what this is. What it must look like. Peter fucking Parker bringing everyone back together. Mending fences and all that jazz. Maybe it’s time.
They might be able to bring them all back. Morgan would have her uncles. A brother in Peter, even. But if they fail, they’ll lose everything. Steve will lose everything. This perfect little family they’ve created in the face of destruction, reduced to ashes.
There was a long, drawn out silence and when Tony spoke again, it was the final thread snapping. His warm, chocolate eyes turned cold, brown disappearing into a black as opaque as obsidian. “It’s not like I can force you.”
Steve pulls him down again and again, his own release hanging on the knife’s edge, just outside of his reach. “Tony. Tony, come on. Just wanna see you—the look on your face, please just—”
By now he’s picked apart every claim Steve has made and he doesn’t need Steve Rogers treating him with kid gloves.
“So, we’re not going to be those people. I’m going to get dressed and walk out that door and it’s over. Done. It has to be.”
“Gotta stop that, Buck,” Steve had grunted against his mouth one evening. The smell of cream, all whipped and airy with Bucky’s arousal had been noticeable from halfway down the hall of their apartment building, greeting him.
Steve gives him another baleful look, wiping the back of his mouth on his forearm before tugging Tony back down the bed. Sliding back in, Steve shoves one of his thighs up higher than it has any right to go and grips him hard at the ankle, leveraging his thrusts as he picks up the pace.
“I’m just saying that we can’t put our stock in this. I don’t have a problem with oversight, I have a problem with a gag and a shock collar.”
“Did I miss it?” He demands, skidding to a stop between a startled Pepper and Colonel Rhodes. Through the glass he can see Tony on the table, bare from the neck down with a hospital blanket tucked around his hips. The doctors are milling around him, and he can’t get a good look at him. He can’t catch his eye.
And now Steve can’t even think about what he’s done in a year, rundown by the deluge of loss. They saved the world six years ago, and what do they have to show for it now?
?” Ross’s lips draw back into a snarl, “Let me remind you, Mr. Stark, that you are already bound by the Sokovia Accords, and that by revoking your signature or refusing to comply with any amendments—”
Maybe he’s a glutton for punishment after all, or Pepper is right and this is some form of self-flagellation because Tony’s forgotten how to feel anything unless Steve is there flaying him open. Maybe he just can’t bear to be the one who walks away, again.
“–quiet, the genius is speaking. He only zones when he’s watching us. Or with us. It doesn’t happen in team meetings, or if the others join us for dinner. He’s not just thinking about
Steve laughs, a little breathless sound, because the blare of the Assembly Alarm is screaming through their bedroom and has been for a handful of minutes. JARVIS has thoughtfully started broadcasting the comms line through the Tower and Steve can hear that Clint and Natasha are already scrambling the Quinjet, and Thor is in the sky on route.
“This has to stop,” she whispers into his hair, hands firm and soothing as they spin circles over his back.
Tony sags forward over the console, landing heavily on the heels of his hands as he watches. Steve’s face is still contorted, but his hands have stopped shaking. Tony imagines that he’s preparing himself, reminding himself to take a deep breath, for whatever is going to come last. God, he doesn’t even want to know.
that he’s a genius, has refused to look at it.” Bucky’s seems to be trying to keep his face neutral, but the twitch on the right side of his mouth gives him away.
Maybe, he thinks, if he asks nicely, they’ll bury Steve along with him. After all, how can Tony expect Steve to go on living without him?
Some of the blankets had tangled around Tony’s ankles, snaking over one of his hips and otherwise leaving him bare. The smooth porcelain of his back curved into the pert slope of his backside and Steve could have stood there for hours, watching the rhythmic pattern of his breathing.
Tony had been aching. Bucky could hear it in his voice and feel it deep in his bones. It wasn’t unlike the way he had felt, coming out of cryo for the last time, and learning that Steve belonged to someone else now. What he’d gone and
“Tony, that’s enough.” Steve’s voice is a low rumble with a bite of warning as he steels himself to the spot and visibly unclenches the fists he’s curled at his sides. Big man, never found a fight he couldn’t finish with his fists.
Tony shrugs, coming to stand next to them. “He asked me what you were like now, and that was the first story that came to mind. Don’t shoot the messenger, I just wanted Buckaroo to be up to date on team dynamics for when we recruit him.”
That was why Steve was here in the first place. Tony was going to bat for them and that had to count for something.
What Steve hadn’t been prepared for was the immediate way that Bucky and Tony took to each other. A healthy serving of cream in a black cup of coffee; evenly matched.
Bile bubbles up from his stomach because for all Bucky’s charm in the world, Tony still can’t wrap his head around why it had to be
Tony sucks in a sharp breath behind him, fingers twitching against Steve’s jaw. Tony’s silent for a long moment, but Steve doesn’t open his eyes. He listens to his unsteady breathing and waits until finally, Tony whispers, “Just name the time and place.”
Behind his eyes, Tony is forced to replay a vivid image of Steve, seated across from him in the penthouse dining room while he twirls pasta onto his fork with one hand because he won’t ask Tony to relinquish the other. The last family dinner they’d had, just the two of them, before Ross had come with the Accords and everything had gone to shit.
Tony flinches when he realizes that Steve’s hand is back on his cock and when he tries to shove it away again, Steve grips him tighter. Somehow it both makes him jerk and staves off the fast-approaching orgasm.
Steve shoves aside the fear and drags Tony down for a kiss, licking into his mouth and tasting coffee and something sweet. Chocolate maybe. It gives him away; Tony only ever dives into the chocolate when he’s worried.
Tony tried to play it off, but when Steve unboxed the sketch that he had had framed for DUM-E, his eyes had gone soft and sweet, stirring up warmth in the pit of his stomach as the smell of freshly ground coffee beans wafted towards him.
Tony scoffs. “Aside from that hardly being any of your business, let’s be blunt. What exactly are you concerned about? I want to make sure I’m understanding you before I tell you why you’re an idiot.”
“Come stay with me,” Steve is saying, the newspaper folded in his lap and Tony isn’t sure where he’s even found one. The StarkPad, which could just as effortlessly give him news from around the globe, sits neglected on the side table because Steve is still old-fashioned in more ways than one and the tips of his fingers are ink-stained evidence.
In a moment of weakness, he asks FRIDAY where Steve is two days later. He hasn’t physically seen Steve in forty-eight hours, and against his better judgement, he’s able to admit that he’s concerned.
“Keep going, you’re close now,” Anita says. Steve can’t understand how she remains so calm and collected when it feels like his skin is ready to get up and walk right off his bones. When he steals another glance at Tony, he looks as dumbfounded as Steve.
A reflective orange light caught Steve’s attention and, on the nightstand, Steve clocked a small bottle. Sleeping pills.
A steady stream of breathy gasps urges Tony on and he pulls off long enough to tongue the slit and swirl a wet circle around the head before he’s dipping back down and sucking at a brutal pace. Reaching above his head, he grabs onto Steve’s ridiculous purple tie and yanks, making Steve groan.
Tony leans over him, and Steve searches his face. It takes every ounce of self-control not to sink deeper into the bed. Everything aches, and maybe it wouldn’t be so terrible to tell him. Maybe Tony deserves to know.
“Tony, no,” Steve gasps around the words, “I never meant to—please believe me I didn’t want, didn’t ever think—not once. Oh god.”
Tony reaches past him, twisting in Steve’s grip before he realizes that he’s fishing for the bottle of lube. With a fresh wave of cool slick and Tony’s firm, tight grip wrapped around his cock, Steve groans, tugging Tony more fully onto his lap so he can line them up and savour Tony sinking down, inch by hot inch.
A heavy thump of skin on skin made Tony laugh and relax by a fraction. He peeked through one eyelid to see Steve above him, flushed red and guilty. Maybe a little aroused.
The ticking of the plain white and black clock mocks him as the seconds drag on like hours. There’s a shuffling outside of his door and in his minds’ eye Tony gets a glimpse of a rumpled Steve, scrambling off the ground when his phone goes off and wiping sleep from his eyes.
When the confusion clears, Steve watches Tony roll his eyes and push the remaining pieces of sauce-covered shawarma around his plate. “Earth to Cap? I said: I know you’re still hungry, do you want me to order you something else?”
Steve turns his face just so and presses a kiss into Tony’s palm, chasing his pulse south and kissing the inside of his wrist. He leans over Tony and hesitates, searching Tony’s eyes with his own, before he closes the rest of the space between them and kisses him.
“Buck said something tonight, after it all,” Steve pushes on. “Asked me how I thought I could ‘save him’ when I couldn’t even save my own marriage. Guess he’s probably right, isn’t he?”
“The issue with the serum,” Tony elaborates. “You still have it, that hasn’t actually changed. Whatever you were dosed with was just a series of transmission blockers that interfere with chem uptake. The base components of the serum don’t have access to the necessary receptors so the serum can’t reproduce itself.”
Steve’s lost almost a foot in height and Tony towers over him when he’s in this body. All of the muscle mass has melted away and his arms jut out from his sleeves like twigs that could snap in the breeze. All the definition in his face is gone now, so the sharp edges of Steve’s cheekbones and jaw jut out against skin stretched too tight. He looks hollowed out and gaunt, a shade paler than ivory.
“Not much to tell, really. He broke into my house and stood in the dark for a couple hours until I got home. It was very Slender-Man meets fangirl stalker, really. I felt unsafe. Plus, I think he told me I was arrogant to think I was the only superhero in the world, or something like that,” Tony chuckles lightly.
They’ve been apart longer than they’ve been together now, and Tony thinks about the number of times he’s seen Steve fall apart. He can count them on one hand, hold them like little glass figurines because they’re just as precious, all these times Steve has fallen apart over Tony. As if he matters more than anything else in the world. As if he just can’t help himself.
“He’d get angry when I’d tell him to stop. I kept trying to convince him that there wasn’t anything to forgive and we didn’t need to talk about it. Through all of that he’d listen to me talk about you and what we’d had. I always came back to ‘how can he be so heartless,’ after everything.”
But he remembered the day that Tony had called and said they were coming back, that they were needed for some task or other, everything that had happened months prior apparently forgotten.
. It hadn’t been too long before he’d found himself overwhelmed by feverish dreams where he was sandwiched between two feisty, sarcastic brunets, both panting and begging, crying out his name like a prayer.
All his thoughts were chased away when Tony did something absolutely sinful with his tongue. From that point on there was absolutely no doubt in his mind that Tony would show him exactly just how good he could be.
They tucked away into a small room, nothing more than a double wide cot, two pillows and a towering pile of wool blankets and Steve had helped Tony strip down from his flight suit. His beautiful, graceful hands where so white they were almost blue and Steve shoved them into the warm crevice between their bodies to hold him, creating a makeshift sauna of mutual body heat.
Tony smiles, a broken thing. “You need to want to do this for you. And I can’t wait forever, Steve. You keep wanting me to fix this for you and God, you have no idea how much I wish I could. But I can’t. Stop asking me.”
“I don’t want to screw this up, again.” Steve whispers, eyes welling with tears. He turns his head and presses his mouth into Tony’s palm, eyes drifting shut as the tears fill and slide down over his cheeks. This fear of being alone lives between them, joins them together. It makes everything that much more explosive. And terrifying. “Tony please, don’t let me screw this up again.”
They’re running the same set of drills for the sixth or seventh time, and Steve can’t get his head in the game. Peter swings from the rafters above him, webbing his shield out of his grasp and tossing it aside to Sam before firing another shot that covers the cowl and steals his sight.
When they’d finally fallen asleep, wrapped in each other’s arms, buried under a mountain of S.H.I.E.L.D. regulation-issue blankets, he had been warmer than he’d been in his entire life. Warmer than when he’d woken up after the Arctic. Warmer than the time Tony had made love to him for hours in front of a roaring fire at that safehouse in Albuquerque; the day they’d finally come to their senses and fallen into each other’s arms, hands frantic over warm skin.
He tipped Tony’s head to the side, fingers teasing and rubbing firm circles into the gland there until he was throbbing; every press of Steve’s fingers causing another ripple of pleasure and corresponding rush of slick between his thighs.
Tony does what any mentor-slash-father-figure would do and yanks the boy into a hug, holding him tightly as he shudders and shakes through the memory. He shushes him gently, running a hand over his back. It’s fucked them both up more than he cares to admit, and he could kill Steve for that, really.
The soulmark at Steve’s wrist flares again and a pocket of dread starts to fill in the bottom of his gut, curling and tightening with nervousness. He’ll be damned if Tony thinks he can skip out of medical after this is all over. If Steve doesn’t give him a once over himself, first.
At least Tony has always been straight with him. “Just tell me,” Steve forces out, throat suddenly raw.
Blue eyes opened and met his and everything was going to be alright. The burning in Tony’s chest, the frozen tips of flesh that were once his fingers and toes, the scrambled spinning in his mind, none of it mattered because Steve was looking at him.
Tony swore up and down he hadn’t been locking Bucky in various parts of the Compound, but the shit-eating grin on the mechanic’s face suggested he might just start. The humour eased some of the sting between them, and neutrality was a hard-fought war that Bucky had won in the end.
“Captain,” J.A.R.V.I.S. says with as much of a smirk in his voice as Steve’s ever heard. “Sir has asked me to pass along a message.”
As Steve walked into the now-foreign space of their bedroom he struggled to shake the feeling that he was a trespasser here. The sound of his breath was too loud in the quiet expanse of the room. After so many weeks in Wakanda he hadn’t been sure what to expect when he’d returned to the Compound, but relief washed over him in slow, stunted waves.
Tony takes another step closer, nestles between Steve’s spread thighs and forces him back. Suspended in Tony’s arms, Steve’s head swims with the tight grip nudging the border of painful. They’ve sparred together for years and Steve’s always been aware of Tony’s underlying strength, muscle strong and steadfast under the layer of metal he wraps himself in. Feeling that strength used against him now is maddening, intoxicating.
Ninety seconds wasn’t enough. The water rushed into Tony’s mouth, filling his nose and sliding into his chest like icicles driving through his lungs. Tony choked, gasped for air and found none. He held what he could in his chest before his vision went blurry and he couldn’t think, couldn’t breath. Had to breathe. Taking on more water.
Not everyone is there, and Tony wants to scream because there hasn’t been enough time for screaming yet. There’s never going to be enough time for screaming.
Bucky’s cryostasis chamber slides shut, and the glass frosts over before Steve can think to say anything. He sends up a silent prayer for his eidetic memory. Even while Bucky is gone, he’ll remember the soft smile of his Bucky, breaking through the nightmare that was the Winter Soldier and holding up his hands, finally ready. Steve will remember the way his hair fell down to his shoulders, longer than Steve had ever seen it before the war, but somehow so very Bucky all the same because that smirk, that
“Steve.” Tony sounds like he’s choking on his name, stumbling over the syllables. “You don’t have to be so goddamn earnest about it all the time.”
“It’s alright,” Anita reassures him, and Steve blinks at her, standing steadily at his side. She reaches down with a fresh blanket and takes their baby off Pepper’s chest, wrapping her up before placing her gently into his arms.
When a flurry of orders and expectations are thrown his way, Tony’s day is turning over on its head so fast his brain spins in his skull. If Strange had wanted to fuck with him this bad, he could have slipped something into one of his drinks instead.
“I was trying to figure out a way to have it all because I didn’t want to lose everything again. I didn’t want to lose you over Bucky, and I didn’t want to lose him over us. So, I told myself a couple of small lies that snowballed into bigger ones and the deeper I got the harder it was going to be to come out.” Steve’s voice cracks and he clears his throat. “I don’t know when but at some point, I realized that I was going to lose you if I said anything so I just… never did.”
Tony gives him a contemplative frown, then relaxes back into him. “You’re right. I know you’re right. It was probably just a dream.”
They’d talked about this, maybe? They must have, because Tony felt Bucky’s mind cleared – how is that even possible? Tony’s still a puddle of post-orgasmic haze – and he shifted with purpose behind Steve, already hard again. Damned super soldier stamina.
Steve huffs, bracing himself on a forearm as Tony’s hand works its way between his legs again and palms his balls. “What do you want to hear, exactly?”
Rhodey chuckles, pushing out of his seat and joining Tony at the counter. He starts pulling bowls and pans out of various cupboards, clucking his tongue when he sees the meager selection in Tony’s fridge. But, obviously, there’s always enough for an omelet.
Nat shrugged. “Maybe you left them in your room. Come on, we’re going to be late. Just borrow these.” She tossed a set of Bruce’s warm, lined gloves he’d left behind while he was off gallivanting in South Africa. With a hurry of goodbyes, she was tugging him out the door, muttering something about not disappointing her favourite niece and nephews.
as Steve continues his assault, sucking and licking long past Tony’s orgasm until he’s flinching away from the stimulation.
“I—” The air is startlingly cold on his bare arm now, and Tony’s brain doesn’t process as quickly as he needs it to. We? As in, Steve and Tony? As in, Steve thinks that after all they’ve been through Tony would ever go near those stones again? Even if taking them back to the past is the right thing, what they’ve promised, can Steve really believe that Tony would do that?
Until today, ‘spitting mad’ was a metaphorical turn of phrase. Now he understands. If Tony cared enough to lower himself to that standard, he would spit on the ground at Steve’s feet.
For a second, there’s a hot flash of a memory from the last time he’d heard that voice, with those words. It’s the image of Steve, softly begging, hands had been curled through his hair, gentle, pulling him forward as he thrust into his–
Between fevered kisses, Steve gasps out an order to FRIDAY to take them directly to the penthouse. Layers of clothing fall like breadcrumbs on their way to Tony’s bedroom and land somewhere beside Tony’s carefully erected defenses.
. It would have been better if he’d slammed it. “I’m inclined to say that this is illegal. But I guess that wouldn’t mean much to you. Would it, Steve?”
A battle rages between them, as Steve opens and shuts his mouth a few times, finds words and sets them aside. Tony braces himself for the push, the pleading or the cajoling, but it doesn’t come. Steve just looks deflated, a hot air balloon slowing tumbling down from the sky and finally coming to a rest.
Steve kisses him again, drawing him back in and exploring the depths of his mouth. He’s finding his footing, and kissing Tony becomes more and more like their verbal sparring—hot flames meeting fresh accelerant and bursting into a bonfire of desire so fierce it rushes south and leaves Steve twitching and hard in his pants.
Steve swallows hard, but doesn’t drop his eye, counting the seconds before Tony’s mouth is on his, kissing Steve even as he’s laughing.
“Go, go,” Tony shoos them off. “I’ve got some work to do here, and Steve’s been sulking around like a kicked puppy for months waiting for you to wake up. Go!”
Everyone else is eerily silent which is rewarding because they should be uncomfortable. If Tony has to be uncomfortable in his own home, he’s not pulling any more of his punches.
“It doesn’t matter. If I tell you what I think, before you’ve made a decision, I’ll just be someone you can blame later.”
For a second, he thinks it must be a game, one that Steve’s played so well, lulling Tony into a sense of security, letting him feel like he mattered, like Steve finally heard him, trusted him,
The video Steve’s watching comes to an end, and for a long moment there’s nothing. No holographic Tony, no sweet, teasing kisses, no soft, laughing voice. Just Steve, alone in the expanse of Tony’s workshop.
Steve struggles for composure, using everything he has to stop himself from dragging Tony back down onto the bed and starting all over again. The realization that Tony’s prepared to go into the fight with Steve’s come still dripping out of him sends a rush of arousal punching back through his body. Tony, taking a little piece of Steve with him wherever he goes. And with a spectacular hickey on his throat to boot.
“I don’t appreciate you betting on my love life, Barnes.” Tony tosses him a fond smile over his shoulder anyway.
Or a creation present, because Tony consistently reminded him that DUM-E had not been born, nor did he require the celebration of a birthday. But Steve had a soft spot for the little guy, and he’d damn well celebrate his birthday if he chose to.
“He did. Right before everything. I don’t even know if he knows that I heard him, I was half asleep. But he said it. So how do I even begin to make sense of the fact that he said he loved me, spent almost two years lying to me, damn well near killed me, picked Barnes over me–yeah, yeah, I know they’re not together, not the point–and gave me some bullshit about how I was
Hello! I hope you enjoyed reading. Leaving some kudos or a comment would be greatly appreciated, thank you <3
When they’re waiting on the platform MJ turns to him with a determined look in her eyes. “Peter, was this a date?”
“Is that Peter?” Tony’s voice joins Steve’s panic now. “Kid, where are you? Why haven’t you been answering your phone? Do you know how close I was to deploying SHIELD Agents to track you down?” Peter doesn’t doubt for a minute that sending SHIELD Agents to look for his son is something Tony Stark would actually do.
It takes Peter a minute to even remember what the girl is referring to, so much has happened recently he keeps forgetting smaller details. “Oh, em, don’t worry about it. You didn’t really mean anything by it, I know that. If anything I overreacted.” He’s honest with her because upon reflection he did overreact a little.
Peter pulls up his hood, keeps his face down, and tries to make his way to his locker as quickly as possible. He breathes a sigh of relief when he spots Ned waiting for him in front of their lockers. He’s about to greet Ned when the other boy pulls him into a bone crushing hug. Peter’s tense at first, very aware that everyone is still staring at him, but he relaxes into the hug enjoying the first real comfort he has had in over a month.
Just as Peter is about to join Ned on the couch his phone rings, Harry’s name flashing on screen. “Hey Harry, everything okay?” He answers, confused as to why Harry is calling. Had Peter’s directions not been clear enough?
“Well I guess we know who his favourite Avenger is now.” Clint’s joking tone breaks Peter out of his trance as he turns to glare at the archer.
Peter’s phone hasn’t left his hand for the past twenty minutes as he’s been texting Harry back and forth constantly since last night when the other boy left the Tower. He’s smiling stupidly down at the small screen, unable to stop a laugh leaving his mouth after reading the most recent text from the blonde boy.
“It’s Tony Stark and Steve Rogers.” Instead Peter is the one with the shocked expression. “I sit at the same table as you at lunch every day, you and Ned are hardly discreet.”
In searching for a pencil Peter finds the drawing Flash threw at him earlier still hidden in his jean pocket. He throws the crude picture down on the coffee table and focuses on the task at hand.
He’s singing loudly again when he hears a laugh behind him. Peter jumps and spins around to find Tony and someone he hasn’t met before standing at the door with amused grins on their faces.
“Sure thing Peter.” She squeezes his shoulder lightly and walks over to talk to a SHILED agent who’s just arrived on the scene.
They’re both standing now, and Bucky takes a few steps back, giving Peter more space. “Alright ace, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have brought it up.”
“Do you need anything? Can I get you a drink of water or something?” Harry fusses about with a panicked look on his face, his usually cool demeanour abandoned entirely.
He spots her as soon as the elevator doors slide open, stood at the kitchen island carefully stirring something in a mug. Natasha doesn’t even look up as Peter approaches to stand on the opposite side of the island.
Peter quickly discovered that he quite enjoyed the super-soldier’s quiet presence. Many people would have found it unnerving to have a trained assassin sit and watch you silently, and a few weeks ago Peter would have agreed wholeheartedly with that assessment. But there was something about Bucky, something calming and comforting, and Peter soon found himself appreciating the man’s presence more with each passing day.
A few months ago, Peter never would have believed he could have a happy family unit again. He felt like the gaping hole Aunt May left would never be filled. Yet here he is surrounded by people who love and care for him.
Steve fusses a bit more than Tony about going away. Before leaving the blonde hero forces Peter into a seat and lists off what to do in every possible emergency situation. A lot of it is common sense and Peter can handle himself better than Tony or Steve know, nonetheless the teenager humours his adoptive father and follows every word with rapt attention.
The movement is indirect enough that Peter could pass it off as nothing if Harry were to question it, but luckily, he doesn’t have to do that as the other boy places their palms together and intertwines their fingers in the space between them.
“So…” Peter begins to panic slightly, what is he supposed to do now? What do people do at the end of a date they didn’t initially realise was a date? “Do you want to go on another date? Maybe we could do something a bit more fun than running Decathlon questions.”
Under Tony’s gaze Peter suddenly doesn’t feel as confident as he did five minutes ago, which wasn’t very confident at all. “Erm, well… It’s just… I was wondering… Umm… Never mind it doesn’t matter.”
“I can take over.” She says nonchalantly, the reproachful look that passes over Peter’s face doesn’t go unnoticed as she steps onto the mat. Steve thanks her while apologising profusely to his son as he jogs out of the door.
“Did you see that fight on the news a few nights ago? It was insane dude! Right outside of Oscorp too. Do you know anything about it Harry?”
This one Peter decides to ignore, opening the message so that the notification disappears but leaving it at that.
This will be the first part of a series of Superfamily one-shots I'm planning. This really exists just to set the scene of how Peter ends up being adopted by Tony and Steve, so that I can let my imagination run wild knowing I have some-what justified Peter living with the Avengers.
He nods. “Yeah of course. I was gonna go see Harry anyway… Check in to make sure he didn’t get in too much trouble for last night… If that’s okay with you?”
“Any chance you could just call me Peter?” He asks jumping out of bed and heading towards the bathroom attached to the guest room.
What the teen doesn’t notice is that the entire time he’s been staring at Harry, Bucky and Sam have been watching him and sharing looks of curiosity between one another.
A deep and intense panic sets into his chest, the need to find Aunt May kicking in like instinct. Peter scans the crowd for his Aunt but can’t see her anywhere. His breathing is becoming erratic and it’s getting harder to focus when he finally spots the familiar faces of their upstairs neighbours and rushes over to them, tripping on the sidewalk in his haste. Mr. Palmer and his wife spot him approaching them, the looks they fix him with don’t fill Peter with confidence.
Peter springs up and swings down towards the building. There are people rushing out of the main door looking terrified and clutching whatever they could carry close to their chests. When he lands on the street in amongst the survivors a man runs towards him yelling about being able to hear a woman crying on one of the higher floors.
Feeling a distinct need to protect his friend Peter steps closer to the blonde boy in an attempt to intercept Norman’s gaze. “Actually, it was all my doing sir. I recently found out that my dad worked here and I asked Harry to help me find out more about him. Sorry.”
Peter moves first swinging out towards Natasha’s torso which she dodges easily, ducking under his fist to grab his shoulder so that she can spin him around. She aims the next hit for his face hoping to speed this process up, if she doesn’t go all in she’ll never reach any conclusions.
“Please Peter, it is only fair if you also try and fail miserably just as your father did.” Thor smirks at Tony as the other man sends a rude gesture his way.
“Petey-pie! Just what I need, come here.” Peter drops his bag and rushes over to see what Tony is doing. “Okay so just put your finger there for me, good. Yup. And… Done.” He finishes screwing a metal panel into place before proudly holding up the object for Peter to see properly.
Peter takes a deep breath, steadying himself for a minute before he feels able to talk again. “So, you’re here to possibly adopt me because you feel guilty about what happened to my Aunt May?” There’s a feeling of anger settling deep inside Peter’s gut, not directed at Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers, anger that he didn’t know the full story behind what happened that night. Anger knowing that all of these months he could have been looking for those people selling the weapons, trying to take them down, being able to do something that would actually avenge the death of his Aunt.
Harry finally acknowledges him now, staring open mouthed at his saviour. “Hey, um, thanks? I think I was kind of in shock back there, I probably would have died if you hadn’t shown up when you did. So, yeah, thank you.” His shy grin is so endearing, and Peter is very glad to have a mask over his face because he’s almost certain he’s grinning like a fool.
“You know ace I don’t think I did a bit of homework the entire time I was in school. I don’t know how you do it all.” Bucky breaks the silence when Peter puts his pen down for a break, stretching so that all that his back cracks in the most satisfying way. The man has taken to calling Peter ‘ace’, which he found out from Steve is an old way of describing someone that is smart, so he quite likes the new nickname.
Michelle (Decathlon): I’m the team captain idiot, it’s my job. Anyway, will you be back? Cause if not we need to find your replacement.
With a heavy sigh Peter pushes away from the dining table on his floor and makes his way to Steve and Tony’s private floor after asking JARVIS where the billionaire is.
"Don’t worry Clint it’s been a long day, no one here will judge you for not being able to get it up.” Tony snickers. Peter groans from behind his hands.
Ever since the night at the concert Tony and Steve had been a bit more protective of Peter. For the past week he hadn’t been allowed to get the train to school. Happy had driven Peter, and Harry, every single day despite his protests. His friend hadn’t had the same reservations about being driven to and from school, in fact he had taken great delight in trying to break Happy’s cool demeanour each morning and afternoon.
“Okay I need to go start getting everything ready, and you need to let everyone else know. Peter,” The boy looks up at Tony, pretending he hasn’t been listening in this whole time. “we have something exciting to talk to you about, but right now we need to go and put some things in order, so can we schedule a conversation for after dinner?”
Peter regrets the decision to open his eyes the second it happens. The morning light is streaming through his window completely unobstructed causing him to wince away from the light in a way that makes his head pound painfully. He feels like he’s been thrown into a brick wall, and he knows from experience what that feels like.
Mrs. Warren chaps on the door lightly before entering the room. “Peter, this is Mr. Rogers and Mr. Stark. They wanted to meet with you and got in touch with me personally to do so.”
Peter manages to push Steve’s hands away but Tony is glaring now too, something murderous burns behind both of their eyes. A parental need to protect that Peter hasn’t seen since May found out that Flash sabotaged his science project three years ago. Despite all the tension and anger a warm and happy feeling settles in Peter’s chest.
Harry’s confidence wavers slightly, just as Peter noticed it always does when his enrolment at a school that is so far beyond his skill set is brought up. “That is a long story I won’t bore you to death with. Essentially my dad has a lot of pull on the board and convinced them to let me in, despite me being a complete hopeless case at equations and chemistry.”
When Ned sits the bed jostles and Peter is suddenly reminded of his injury when the movement causes his leg to feel as though it is on fire. He cries out and Ned jumps away as if he’s been electrocuted. “Oh God I’m so sorry Peter.”
Peter is rushing back towards the window he came through when one of the beams gives way onto his legs, tapping him under the weight. There’s a sickening crack and a pain unlike anything he’s ever felt before shoots up Peter’s right leg causing the boy to cry out.
Harry, quite frankly, is cool. Peter and Ned, are not. This is something the two boys are well aware of and are more than happy to admit. It’s just bizarre that someone like Harry with his easy-going attitude, swoopy hair, general disregard for school and ability to seemingly charm anyone he comes into contact with, is in such stark contrast to Peter and Ned awkwardly fumbling through every social interaction.
Peter is well aware that he is openly staring at his friend, but at this point he doesn’t have the brain capacity to give it a second thought. All he sees is Harry.
Peter realises quite quickly that he already feels very comfortable around Steve and Tony. His initial instincts were correct again, he was right to trust them. He has hope for the future again thanks to this bizarre change of fate.
Warning you now, this chapter is quite cheesy. I've been watching lots of nice happy movies lately and wanted to get a decent amount of fluff into this fic before I lay anymore angst on.
Peter moves in a daze to sit down at the same dining room table he has sat at for months, across from other foster children who didn’t like him, and a couple who were supposed to care for him. Only this time it’s different. This time two of his childhood heroes are here in the flesh, apparently wanting to adopt him. The young boy didn’t think his life could have gotten any more bizarre after he was bitten by a radioactive spider, apparently, he was wrong.
“He probably has a hard time wrapping his head around two Alphas wanting to be together anyway. He can’t be thrilled about how much you love takin’ it up the ass, because that ain’t a very alpha thing to do. Hell, maybe he doesn’t even really want me because we don’t even know if I can bond anymore, and these things are only real if you’re bonded, right?”
Tony curls his free hand at the back of Steve’s neck and playfully pecks at his lips between sips from the steaming mug.
“What the hell was that?” Rhodey rounds on him the second Bucky is out of earshot. Or maybe not, hard to tell these days between all the super soldiers and arachnid hybrids hanging around.
He also knows that tonight, when he sleeps, the memories will come back just as strong and he’ll dream of Tony. He’ll dream of citrus and two sparkling set of brown eyes—a reprieve from the nightmares of carrying Tony off the battlefield, limp and cold in his arms.
The peace offering is powerful, and he remembers the way she was back then. How different she is now. Maybe that was the point and maybe it’s another metaphor entirely.
“Just like that. I was wrong. Let me make it up to you.” Tony reaches up and pulls Steve’s head down, licking into his mouth to chase the taste of his apologies as Steve freezes and goes still, hands up as if he needs to prove that he wasn’t the one that started this. It only makes Tony try harder, pressing himself up against Steve’s front and rolling his hips until Steve’s arms get with the program and come down to encircle his waist.
“The world wants Captain America back.” Tony said, voice dripping venom. “And Captain America apparently doesn’t go anywhere you don’t go, so you’re coming along for the ride.”
When he had been little, Jarvis had been one of the few people in his life able to help him quiet his mind and drift into some semblance of sleep. Jarvis was also the only one who read to him; his father too busy with work, and too aloof to be interested, and his mother too preoccupied with social commitments to be home in the evenings.
Steve doesn’t approach Tony when Peter is there and thoughts of what Peter may have said is taking up too much mental energy. When he finally works up the nerve to ask Peter a few days later, they’re down in the workshop tinkering with an incredible mock-up for Bucky’s new arm. Peter has had some fantastic ideas, and it’s one of the better pieces of tech Tony’s developed in recent months.
Tony grits his teeth, feeling the light connection of tense muscle straining under Steve’s palm. “No, it won’t.”
It’s not long before the pizza arrives and they crowd around the long dining room table, which, Tony realizes, is going to need more chairs. There’s only a half dozen left empty, four of which could easily be occupied at any given time by their absent Avengers and Parker. Not to mention significant others, ex-SHIELD agents, and certified extended family members. Happy, Aunt May, Pepper, Rhodey’s mom.
When Tony opens his eyes in the morning, he relishes the delicious body high that comes along with feeling fucked out, instead of fucked up. When he stretches, every muscle aches and screams for relief, reminiscent of the ways Steve has touched him. How he’s held him, cherished him, and pushed him to limits he hasn’t experienced or yearned for in months.
When he blinks again, they’re in Tony’s bedroom, or at least, what Steve’s always imagined Tony’s bedroom in the Tower would look like. It’s immaculate, standing in contrast to the disorganization of his workshop, with a massive, self-indulgent bed in the centre of the room. Always the first to claim the title ‘hedonist,’ Steve expected Tony to wrap himself in red silks with sheets that would slide across their skin like liquid desire, but instead the bedspread is made of soft, warm-looking cotton. The muted tones reach up to draw Steve in, calling out and inviting him to stay forever.
Steve huffs a little but smiles, tugging Tony in until he’s leaning against his chest, the car supporting both their weight. “I don’t really mind, you know. I’m glad you’re friends and I know that nothing would ever happen. You know that right? That I trust you, completely?”
Things had been bad after Siberia. He’d called multiple times and all of the messages went unanswered. When he’d sat down and written the letter, Steve had genuinely expected Tony to call. He’d spent days waiting by the phone, listless and uncertain while Bucky remained suspended in cryostasis and Steve couldn’t—wouldn’t—go home.
It wasn’t long before dinner and dessert were being cleared away, dragging Steve’s attention back to the party. Tony was rolling his eyes, begrudgingly agreeing that it was present time as the team offered up various gifts, selected special for DUM-E.
“I love you,” Steve whispers, ignoring the wet sniffle behind him that undoubtedly belongs to Natasha. He ignores everything.
He shouts a quick set of directions to the driver waiting on the tarmac before calling the suit. Red and gold wrap around him, a sight Steve will never get tired of, and he resists the urge to rearrange himself
It doesn’t take long before Steve’s body opens to welcome the intrusion and when Tony pulls his fingers free and braces himself on an arm above Steve’s head, their lips meet again. They share air, share hot, heavy kisses composed of tongue and unspoken promises until Steve can’t think.
A rush of warmth floods Steve’s cheeks as he flushes, glancing down at the arc reactor then forcing himself to meet Tony’s eye. Now that it's real, embarrassment comes tumbling forward and he’s nervous. Nervous that Tony will change his mind and push him away when Steve’s heart can’t take that.
He lets his palm rest on Steve’s cheek, brushing his fingers across his cheekbone as his thumb catches on the corner of his mouth. There’s every opportunity for Steve to pull away, push him back, but his lips part anyway, drawing a harsh gasp as Tony gently tugs down on his bottom lip.
Steve thinks of Tony, hands on his hips, begging Steve not to let him go. “I made him a promise, Buck. I promised him we’d figure it out and I just—I thought, maybe if I could just—”
That brings Tony up short. Has nothing really changed then? Steve hadn’t had the right to give him commands and expect him to follow them before, not really. He’s all but said as much and just like that everything post-Siberia comes rushing in and something starts to curdle deep in the pit of Tony’s stomach.
“It’s nobody’s fault!” Steve’s voice jumps a few notches but there’s no anger, only a deep, genuine desperation that Tony can feel in his bones. A desire to be heard and understood. Tony knows exactly how that feels. “It’s both our fault. I can handle it if you’re pissed at me, but you can’t go back to shutting me out, not again. Not now. I’d give anything to get it right every time, but you told me once that that’s not the point so here I am, Tony, telling you I fucked up and you’re expecting me to be perfect.”
Tony bites out a laugh. “You don’t know when you became a bad guy to me? Honestly?” Tony shakes his head and shoves his shaking left hand into his pocket, leaning back against a jut from the wall right at hip level. “I wish you could hear yourself. How ridiculous you sound. The arrogance is just overwhelming.”
“Fine then. You need some convincing?” Bucky asked, dropping off into a dull, displeased tone. “Does that mean you want us to be typical Alphas now? Cause you damn well know we’re not and if you’re sayin’ there’s something wrong with being a little different–”
It takes Steve a minute to realize they're the only ones left. The team has slowly dispersed, back to whatever needs their attention most after an apocalyptic invasion of Earth. Sleep, or a shower maybe. Steve isn’t certain which one he wants more.
“You’re so dramatic, Queens. We need to rearrange your patrols so you aren’t spending so much time with Iron Man. I’m beginning to think he’s a bad influence.”
Tony gives him a heartbreaking smile and in that split-second Steve knows that whatever Tony says next is the end. One final blow; the proverbial shield grasped in Tony’s fingers this time.
All the blood drains out of Tony’s cheeks but once the words start, they spill out of Steve in droves. Like little stones, tumbling to the bottom of the well, all with a delayed reaction when they land.
Steve blinks a few times to clear the haze that clouds the edges of his vision. He runs his sluggish tongue across the roof of his mouth and reaches out a blind hand until it meets soft, warm skin. An arm that belongs to Pepper, of all people.
“You’re going to push everyone away, Steve. You’re going to push everyone away and there’s going to be nothing left. You’ll never learn. You’ll never fucking change—”
He wants to cup his palms around it and bury his face in it until there’s nothing but blue light and the sound of the gentle hum the reactor emits.
They’re blueprints for a prototype of his arm. Tony’s been told there’s a tech genius in Wakanda that marvels his own and at least until Barnes is stateside this will be better than the stump of a shoulder joint he’s currently sporting.
“You want me to do the work?” Tony asks, glancing up at him when he pulls off and starts unbuckling his own pants. “Or do you want to do the honours?”
, sits heavy and unspoken between them. “We need to move on Steve. We need to figure out how to have a life now. They’d—” Tony’s voice cracks. “They’d want that, wouldn’t they?”
Bucky doesn’t bite. “This isn’t processing or reliving memories Steve. I saw what you were… creating. It’s not even half of what happened and this is just—Christ, this is torture.”
“It’s not good,” Bucky is saying. “I think Pepper is going to need to come down here—I know she doesn’t want to come, damn it, but he’s not—I’ve tried, Jim. You don’t think I haven’t tried that? I need her to issue the override code. She’s the only one that can shut it down—you haven’t seen him. You don’t know how bad it’s gotten.” Steve shivers, drawing the blankets around his shoulders.
Peggy is gone. He’s starting to lose hope that they’ll ever get Bucky back and piece by piece, all he has left of his life from before feels like it’s slipping away.
So, Jarvis had read to him most nights of his childhood, instilling a strong fondness for high fantasy that started with the Hobbit.
“You’ve told him the Rogues were coming back,” Rhodey cuts him off. “That’s literally the smallest part of the picture. He doesn’t know enough to even make an informed decision at this point.”
“Then tell me,” Steve says, leaning forward and bracing his forearms on the table. “Explain it to me. I promise I’ll hear you out, but you can’t just expect me to blindly buy into this plan. I’m not making a decision that could have serious repercussions because you still think you have to atone for your sins.”
Eight sets of eyes turn to look at Peter and he’s stiffer than he was a minute ago, back straight. Tony keeps a firm hand on his shoulder, though he’s not sure if it’s meant to benefit Peter or himself.
“Steve,” Tony says, voice a gentle brush over Steve’s raw nerves. “It’s okay. I promise, it’s alright.”
Peter gets the gauntlet in his webs, and then it’s in Captain Marvel’s arms. Before he can blink, it’s wrapping around Bruce, molding to his charred, burnt arm.
And Rhodey. Well. Rhodey chooses that moment to give Tony a transparent message on what he really thinks of all this.
Panic is a constant simmer just below the surface these days, but this is the first time in years he’s tried to kill it with whiskey. He doesn’t remember switching to whiskey, but whiskey is good. Whiskey helps turn the hurt back into rage.
Steve misinterprets him, pulling away physically as his eyes cloud over and Tony has to reach out to stop him, settling him with a hand on his chest.
Steve jumps as Tony winds an arm around his waist, then lets himself sink into the embrace. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
There’s no more writing, but Tony can see the impressions of older notes written on the back that suggests the pad this sheet has been ripped from has been written on a hundred times before. Maybe Barnes has written the same note more than once, even.
The room takes a deep breath and for a minute, it’s silent. Tony lets out a breath he’s been holding onto all day.
It doesn’t make sense, how after all these years together Tony could still feel this way. That nothing had changed between them, and Steve was still a villain in his story. That Tony couldn’t see his weight in gold in Steve’s eyes, how he mattered more than everything and Steve would find a way to breathe water if he had to, just to keep Tony safe and by his side.
There’s no sensation left there these days. That’s different, startling Tony for a moment as the warmth of Steve’s kisses are lost on the new, smooth scar tissue. He swallows, the intimacy suddenly making it harder to breath and Tony can feel himself preparing to slip out of his own skin and flee.
In the night, he woke hot and heavy, a desperate, aching erection between his thighs and Tony would only smirk and pull Steve towards him.
“So, you’re okay then?” Steve asks, turning to Bucky. “No more trigger words? No more brainwashing?”
“Hey, stop.” Steve leans in and brushes his lips against Tony’s, abruptly cutting him off. “Don’t worry about that. We’re exactly where we’re supposed to be, and if something else comes, we’ll be ready. You know we’ll be ready.”
“Shh, okay, you’re okay. Come on, now.” He strokes a hand up and down Steve’s spine, into the hair at the back of his neck.
When Steve’s efforts aren’t enough anymore, Tony fucks into his mouth with a single-minded focus, hard enough that Steve chokes and tries to pull off. He gags, but Tony forces him back down, stealing the air from his lungs.
“You are so beautiful.” Steve murmurs, running his hand through Tony’s sweaty hair. “So impossibly beautiful.”
“He wouldn’t want this.” Bucky’s voice is already softening but it wavers with carefully checked anger, as if he thinks Steve can’t tolerate being yelled at now.
“I’m sorry,” Tony whispers to the ceiling. They’re lying together, weeks after half the world disappeared, in the too-large bed with the too-wide space between them. They aren’t touching and haven’t in longer than Steve can remember in all the time they’ve been together.
“I didn’t think I would ever have this.” Once he starts, the words spill out of him like the tears slipping down his cheeks. Tony kisses them away, chasing after them as they drop and pool in his clavicles. “I wanted it, but there was never time to think about it. And then I woke up, and everyone I knew—everyone was gone and I— I didn’t think I would have this. Didn’t think
“Fuck you.” Tony shoves him, in his space from one blink to the next with his hands forcing against his chest. It catches Steve off guard, and he staggers back, missing a step over an uneven patch in the floorboards. “You fucking asshole.”
“What do you mean ‘really though’,” Tony asked absently. “You asked me for my favourite food. I like cake. Any cake really. Chocolate cake, vanilla cake, any of the kinkier flavours that bakers around the world have come up with. Cake.”
“What do you want from me?” Steve shouts at him, arms splayed wide as the façade snaps. An angry red flush spreads across his cheeks all the more obvious when it slips down beneath the collar of his too-white t-shirt. “Do you want to fight? Do you want to yell at me? I don’t even know what’s going on right now Tony, Christ!”
“I never want you to get rid of it.” Steve’s mouth was hot at his ear, breath teasing and tickling. “I love you.”
doing this? I didn’t ask you to wait here. I didn’t ask for this conversation. I’m just trying to figure out how to be happy, alright, Steve? I just want to move on.”
“Not your fault.” Tony breezes on. “Seriously, Terminator, I don’t blame you for it, so you can let that go.” The words tumble out before Tony even realizes that they’re true. “Just think about it, if it would help any. I can send the program information over to Shuri to make sure it doesn’t conflict with whatever she’s been doing with you, or set you back or something.”
Steve bites down on his lip, unable to tear his eyes away. “Morgan,” he whispers. “Welcome to the world, Morgan.”
Rhodey nods sympathetically. “Yeah, you’ve said, and he’s done a lot of other horrendous things. I’m not saying you have to do something, one way or the other. Just making you a little space to feel what you feel, because you seem to be transitioning out of the whole avoidance and denial stage, or are we still there?”
Tony grips Steve’s jaw to hold him still, rolling his hips up into the crease of Steve’s hip where he finds Steve hard and swollen in his pants, following the movement to thrust down against Tony. It’s perfect, everything that Tony remembers and completely new at the same time. But this is Steve, this is his husband. This is the love of his life.
Tony glances at the car, and back at Peter. “I’m going to the airport. Gotta head back to the Coast. Board meetings and papers to sign, you know how it is.” Does Peter know how it is? Does Peter know that Tony’s lying out of his ass and that when he gets home he’ll work until he drops or down a bottle of liquor to the same end?
He knew he’d waited a beat too long when his enhanced hearing picked up what Tony said next. It was only the smallest hint of a whisper, muffled against skin. “Then why did you do this to me?”
“I doubt that.” But even as he says it, Tony’s stripping off Steve’s pants and underwear together, revealing that he’s hard and already leaking over his shaft.
“Yeah. You know how it is in the hospital. Things get a bit boring.” Tony imagines his face must morph into a teasing smile, it feels like a teasing smile, but Steve doesn’t react. Just keeps looking at him as if he might explode or run from the room.
Almost immediately, Tony’s body arched into the touch and Steve bit down on his bottom lip, smiling to himself. He’d have to be gentle with him, it’d been a while and Steve knew he was big. Tony had complained often enough to drill that sentiment home. It had never stopped him from goading Steve on between breathy moans and hands clenched around Steve’s hips to prevent him from pulling back.
“I was scared, alright!” He’s so fucking gorgeous when his control slips away. When it actually lets himself be real, even just for a moment. “I know you wanted to be left alone but I was terrified that if I didn’t keep pushing, I’d just lose you entirely. Maybe that doesn’t make sense. I’ve always just pushed through, that’s what I
Tony sighs, running a hand through his hair. The way Steve brandishes the words in a low voice as if they’re acid on his tongue, letting them slide with distaste into the sliver of space between them, should spark anger. It just leaves Tony with a deep sense of pity.
There are tears streaked down his cheeks and when Tony pushes the visor off and throws it across the floor, Steve’s eyes aren’t even focusing on him, full of fresh tears ready to spill.
Without warning, Steve dropped his grip on Tony’s arm and the suit banked to the right, plummeting a few hundred feet towards the frigid water before JARVIS leveled out him, thrusters flickering with the strain.
“Of course, Pep. Wouldn’t miss it. And I was kidding about the cake. Please don’t get me a cake, unless you want to see something uglier than my fortieth.”
But Tony had always had a difficult time letting Steve in and bit by bit, Steve worked to earn his faith and eventually he had given in. A flower of hope had bloomed in Steve’s chest at the thought that maybe his presence could bring Tony some peace from the night terrors, but when Tony’s thrashing and screaming in his sleep had woken Steve multiple nights in a row, the onslaught of helplessness was crushing.
Lying to their teammates was too easy, as Tony begged off for a series of business meetings on the East Coast. Then, a few hours later, Steve rides off on his bike towards Washington for training at the Triskelion. So much for the spies he supposedly works with.
“Tony. Tony, I love you. I’m sorry, it’s not fair—it’s selfish. I’m sorry. I love you. I love you so much and you—” He doesn’t quiet, sobs turning into gasping, wheezing breaths as he cycles headlong into panic so Tony tugs at his hand trying to free himself from Steve’s restraint. He can do this for Steve. Hell, he’s so far past kidding himself. Tony can do this for himself, too.
Steve shook his head, looking down at his feet with a soft sigh. Tony was right; he was always right and it might’ve been infuriating if the storm raging in Steve’s chest wasn’t so fierce. “I know. I do know that.”
Steve clambers to the edge of the bed and by the time he’s on his feet he’s in his dress greens with the plinking sound of his medals brushing together where they gleam at his breast. Tony brushes his hair back again and the gesture is so gentle. Priceless.
That feels so unfair. “You don’t know that. You can’t possibly have known that. You never even gave me a chance, Steve!”
“What is that?” Steve asks when Tony returns with a broad, mischievous smile. It’s like he’s begging Steve to ask and Steve could drown in that smile.
Steve emphatically shook his head, his emotions splattered across his face, beaming with a love and pride that made Tony twitchy but pleased.
“We’ve spent months preparing for this,” Steve’s tone is conversational, but his eyes are hard. “Months getting the team ready, while you’ve been off God knows where in ‘retirement’. Bucky’s worked hard. He’s doing so much better and he was ready for this. You didn’t have any right. This isn’t your team anymore.”
Steve rubs his nose against Tony’s, lips brushing against his too limp to be considered a kiss. Tony offers him a real one, letting his tongue gently slide along Steve’s bottom lip in an intimate caress.
The words died in his mouth when Tony launched himself into his arms, throwing them about Steve’s neck and kissing him for all he was worth. It was a damned good first kiss too, with Tony’s lean body fitting into his as if it had belonged there all along.
“I know that. Of course, I know that. God, Tony, I was just trying to say thank you. They’re my friends and they were hurting and you could do something about that. I just wanted to thank you for it. Why do you have to make this so difficult?”
Tony had gone back to ignoring him, the holographic screen increasing two-fold as some sort of 3-D model had flared to life in front of him. It spun slowly. Tony muttered something to himself under his breath, absently.
He worried through a few rounds in the ring sparring with Thor, and as he pummeled a punching bag into dust at his feet. JARVIS advised him, though a little judgmentally, he suspected, when Tony left and returned from SI, and he worried through that too.
The tension melting out of Tony’s body makes him slow. It’s like what he imagines wading through quicksand might feel like, body moving in halted, lagging motions as he reaches up and puts one hand on the side of Steve’s face. For a brief moment, it looks like Steve is going to smack his hand away, but he doesn’t.
After that, it’s Bucky telling Steve to pull his head out of his ass, to apologize to Tony, to take ownership and accept that this, most of it, was on Steve. Which Steve had told him willingly, because it was important that Tony know that to fully understand him? It doesn’t have to mean anything more than that.
“You uh, on your way out?” Steve shifts uneasily from one foot to the other. It’s an odd look on him, for a man who stands in nothing short of parade rest at any other given time.
Time stopped. Steve fumbled a hand onto Tony’s pulse point, eyes roving over skin that was too ghastly pale to mean anything except—
Even Rhodey is there, albeit visibly distanced from where he leans against the counter and scarfs down a container of leftovers. Still in his uniform, he looks as if he’s come straight home from a press release.
“If only you were so lucky, kid.” Tony ruffles a hand through his hair and nudges him off towards the showers before calling off the rest of the drills. The team doesn’t even give Steve a second glance, tossing weapons aside and heading off in various directions without so much as a word from their leader.
Tony smirks, a stiff mockery he forces forward. “Have I ever told you how much I like that guy? He’s growing on me.”
He drops his head into his hands and takes a ragged breath through his fingers, shoulders quivering as if he’s about to burst into tears. Tony wants him to be able to take it, to listen, and to
“There’s an issue with the B.A.R.F. sequencing, Boss,” FRIDAY chirps, interrupting Tony with a cup of coffee halfway to his mouth and a mostly-eaten container of Chinese takeout balanced on one knee. It was late into the evening, sometime after midnight, and Tony scarfed down the food in the cover of night. Not that he had anything to hide. It definitely wasn’t stolen from Clint.
It wasn’t intentional. The Compound had never really been home, nor had the Tower or his Malibu property. No, Tony had fluttered from place to place like a homeless hummingbird, until one day home came crashing into his face lips first, headlong and unrepentant; a firecracker exploding in his hands.
Maybe he’s earned this. Maybe this is Steve Rogers’ lot in life; a gift after so many backbreaking, heart-wrenching years. “It wouldn’t have been anyone else, Tony. It was you or nothing.”
“He doesn’t really want me to get off.” Tony threaded a hand in the back of Steve’s hair and gave him a pout. “He just wishes there was–”
By the time his foot hits the first step, everything is media perfect. Steve and Tony work together, as well as they ever have despite the tension that crackles in the space between their bodies and the podium. The Avengers file out and shuffle into place around Scott, Sam and Peter as they add their names to the Accords. Rhodey is there for show; he signed months ago when the team had been abysmally shorthanded and needed the War Machine to show the world it was still safe, still protected.
Steve leaned in closer, pressing his forehead against Tony’s, letting the angry puffs of breath wash over his face. “I had to, Tony. I couldn’t drag you down with me. You had the better chance.”
But then he sees Steve twirling his wedding band over and over on one long finger and thinks of his own. Earlier that morning he had gently pried open the clasp of the chain that kept the ring in place at his throat and folded it into a piece of toilet paper. When he’d finally brought himself to tuck it away at the bottom of his toiletry back, he’d wanted to retch.
He’s here for a reason. They’re together, in this time and place, for a reason, and he owes Tony this. If he doesn’t tell him now, they’re bound for a path they might not come back from.
about himself. So, when he’d started getting this persistent itch to collect everything and anything in the house that even resembled the word plush, Tony wasn’t certain how to feel.
Over his shoulder, Steve’s shirt is undone and his tie is still hanging loose around his neck. As always, Steve’s chest is perfect, all glorious planes of muscle void of even a single scar. So unlike Tony’s now littered with more than ever.
Tugging a shirt out of one of the drawers, Tony putters through the bedroom for a few minutes as the news comes on the screen across the far wall. With the background noise of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s fall in D.C. humming in his ear, Tony wipes come from the window. There’s no need to subject his innocent little cleaning bots to all that.
He knows he should feel humiliated. With both feet planted in reality, this should feel pathetic and shameful, but Steve can’t force himself to care. He’s stopped caring about a great many things over the past few weeks, and this is just another one to add to the list.
“Mate,” Steve whispered into his ear, thrusting into him slow and easy as he twitched with oversensitivity. Through Bucky’s mind’s eye he could see himself, Steve’s arms wrapped around his middle, holding him upright.
Who is Tony kidding, he’s been a mess since he met Peter Parker, showing up at his apartment building when he had no right to do so, sporting a black eye and desperate for back up in the form of a sixteen-year-old kid with a penchant for danger?
Captain America, Steve. You don’t need the serum. You already have everything you need. Why didn’t you just let me help you?”
But Tony wants him to stay. Now, then. Forever. He wants Steve to stay and never hurt him again and he can see that Steve wants that too. At dinner, Steve eats his meal and asks Tony about his day, about his pain, about whether or not he’s heard from Pepper, and how Peter is adjusting back into his life. When the meal is put away, Steve asks him where he wants to start.
“Kinda busy here, Cap.” Tony snapped from where he was bent over a selection of various materials. Stretchy fabrics for Bruce’s pants, his brain supplied.
It’s all the hours afterward that Steve takes up residency in his mind and won’t take the hint. The images of the time they’d spent together swirl and warp until he’s not sure what’s happened and what he’s missing. Worse, he can’t figure out where what they had ends, and the lies begin.
“Have you met yourself?” Steve slides a hand below the sheet where it’s pulled taut across Tony’s hip. The scrap of fabric does nothing to hide his own hard-on, and Steve’s thumb traces idly in the crease of hip and thigh. “We don’t have to. That was a lot.”
Too many hands start prying him away and he’s just trying to get Tony into his arms. Why can’t they leave him alone? He only wants to hold him, plaster him against his chest and keep Tony safe from the world as if there’s enough love inside Steve’s body to keep them both alive.
“Some of us kept the rest of us up last night and don’t deserve nothin’.” Steve shot back, snuggling in closer until he was pressed against Tony’s front.
“What the fuck are you doing?!” Steve ignores him, knocking his feet out from underneath him the second he’s upright again. “Steve, stop! Stop!”
“I can’t help it. I look at you, and I just want everyone to know that I have you. That you’re mine.”
“He’ll be pissed if you suggest something of his own masterful creation is on the fritz.” Steve warned and Bucky shot him a grin.
She pins him with a pointed look and he sighs. It’s not like he’s ever shaken off the Widow easy before. “I’m not mad at you, Nat, not really.”
“Tony, come on doll, god look at you. You’re perfect. My perfect ‘mega, taking us both so well. Just want to keep you like this forever. Stuffed full. You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
Tony nodded, a sharp jerk of his head at the sufficient response, before he buried closer, snuggling into Steve’s chest and wrapping the blankets tighter around them both.
The look Tony levels at him is the same as the day Ross had proposed the accords. The day everything fell to pieces with a small quirk of Tony’s eyebrows and the sardonic curve of his lips.
“I’ve been working on cars like these since before you were even a twinge in Howard’s balls, so why don’t you listen for a damn minute and I’ll—”
The rest of the Avengers slowly come forward to fan around him, shaking hands and making introductions. Steve and Bucky are last, Steve coming forward and offers a handshake. It’s the only time Peter’s beam falters, but he recovers quick enough that Tony thinks only he and Steve have really noticed.
Pepper still calls, even after he’d snapped at her, and it’s a blessing when she does. The calls are shorter now and come at increasingly unpredictable intervals as the weeks pass. There’s more shop talk than they’ve had in years, but at least he knows that Stark Industries remains in capable hands while he tries to figure out what comes next.
“You made this?” Steve asked, an odd cocktail of surprise and awe, marked with notes of reverence Tony hadn’t been anticipating. He tugged the blanket up over his face before Steve added, softer and with more finality, “you made this? For
“Stark says he’s dealt with the worst of it. I’m still working with this big hunk of swiss cheese,” Bucky taps a finger to his temple with a bit of chagrin but the smile remains. “But it’s better than nothing.”
The tears are coming faster than he can stop them, slipping over Steve’s shoulder and onto his chest in shimmering rivulets. Tony licks at them, catching what he can and kissing them back into Steve’s clavicle.
Steve has an insistent hand on his hip, tugging him closer until he’s taking on some of Tony’s weight and helping him shift over Steve’s hips to close him in. Hovering above him so they’re not fully touching, Tony savours the way it feels to be above him. Powerful. That’s what he needs. To be in control.
“So, Pep wants to come up again in a few weeks. Do you mind?” Tony asks, eyes trained on the sizzle of vegetables. “Happy’s not going to be able to make it this time around, and Rhodey’s still doing whatever it is he’s doing these days.”
Right on cue, Steve’s eyes flicker with recognition and then flash sharp, a glint from the edge of a knife. Yeah, Tony still knows exactly how to get him going. There are too many conversations from the past, where Tony’s opened up the little box labeled
Unsurprisingly, it’s not a shock when he hears the light beep of a key card against his room’s lock. The door handle turns and slides open to reveals his beloved husband in the same sharp cut suit he’d been wearing earlier as he steps over the threshold.
Steve frowns, trying to assess what hurts, as if he has some sort of sixth sense to look at Tony and diagnose his injuries by instinct alone. That had always been Tony’s super power, knowing when something was wrong if Steve ducked out of medical or ignored wrapping wounds that he insisted would only heal on their own a few hours later.
He rides Tony until his thighs burn and Tony is cursing under him, driving up into him at a frantic pace. It’s better than it’s ever been before and Steve thinks he might never get enough of this. He can’t have this just once.
“Clint! I didn’t think you’d be back so soon.” The older man beams at Peter as he shovels tonight’s choice of takeaway onto his plate.
Peter’s never noticed before but Harry’s eyes have flecks of gold in them. They’re really quite pretty he thinks.
Some other questions are just strange; do you lay eggs? I don’t think so… Can you control other spiders? I’ve never even considered that. Are you going to grow extra legs? Fairly certain that would have happened already, so no.
Speaking of his adoptive parents, Peter’s super hearing picks up on their voices in his kitchen area. They’re laughing and he can hear Steve singing along to a song on the radio despite Tony’s pleas to stop. Peter is desperately hoping the cheerful mood the pair are in might mean he escapes any punishment or serious chat about underage drinking, but that isn’t how his luck works so he isn’t holding out hope.
Mrs. Warren appears at the top of the stairs just as Peter dashes back into the bathroom to pretend to be cleaning, as the Bakers would expect him to be doing. “Peter?”
Once back in New York Peter sets about finding out every possible thing he can about his dad’s work. But there isn’t much information available to the public. There are a handful of articles which are cause him an intense amount of pain, describing the accident which killed his parents in frightening detail. He knows he should just skip these but information on his dad is so scarce that he’s afraid to let anything pass by unnoticed.
The boy has some strange hold on Peter and he keeps finding himself wanting to spill his soul to his new friend, which could get dangerous very quickly when you’ve got as many secrets as Peter Parker does.
They’re so understanding and loving towards Peter, offering him any kind of help he could ever have asked for. From personal experiences and coping mechanisms to Tony offering to send him to a therapist if Peter would want to visit one.
Peter laughs the man off and feigns innocence about the whole situation, desperately hoping the whole topic will be dropped. Thankfully Tony chooses that moment to walk back into the room, hanging up a call as he walks.
Another hour or so passes and eventually Natasha returns, this time in regular clothing that looks much more comfortable than the tight black outfit she wears for missions. The group are discussing what to get for dinner while Sam and Steve argue about what movie to watch when Peter’s phone vibrates. He pulls out the device to see a text from an unknown number on the screen.
I want to say a big thank you to the ongoing support I have received on this fic despite how terrible I've been at updating. It means a lot!
“I just wanted to come and remind you about Decathlon practice today afterschool, it’s one of the last big ones we have before the final next Wednesday in Connecticut so it’s important you’re there.” For someone who usually appears so uninterested and fed up with everything Peter is surprised to hear something akin to passion in MJ’s voice when she talks about the Decathlon team.
“Indeed it is my astute offspring.” Tony beams at him. “Perhaps not my most impressive work, but it’s the little things.”
“I hope you didn’t feel put out or pressured to perform for everyone tonight Harry, I’m really sorry if they made you feel you had to.” Peter knows what his extended family (for lack of a better word) are like.
A loud crash wakes Peter from a deep sleep, he jolts up on high alert searching frantically for the source of the noise.
On Tuesday morning Peter insists that it isn’t necessary for him to be driven to school every day. He’s gotten the train his entire life and he’ll continue to do that. His parents take quite a lot of convincing but eventually they give in.
Lunch begins with Harry expressing his delight that all science classes are over for the day. Peter thinks that it’s probably for the best that his new friend doesn’t like science considering how utterly terrible he is at all of them. Although he does find it amusing that the son of one of the greatest scientists currently alive doesn’t have any talent in that area whatsoever.
Harry waves him off. “Don’t stress over it Peter I really don’t mind. What use is 13 years piano lessons if you can’t break them out to wow people every now and then.” He winks at Peter, a smirk gracing his features, and Peter’s heart beats just a bit faster.
Rhodey leans over Peter’s other shoulder now to get a good look at the article. “Yeah nothing useful though, he isn’t enough of a threat yet to warrant action, but as per usual defence are already keeping an eye out.” Something beeps and both men check their phones before sharing a look. “I gotta run. Peter it was great to meet you, hopefully next time I’m here it won’t be such a fleeting visit, but duty calls.” He bids Tony farewell and disappears back upstairs.
“Before we leave, Peter we just want you to remember that if for any reason you need to come home early, if it does get to be too much or if someone is giving you trouble all you need to do is give me, Tony, or Happy a call and someone will come and get you right away. Okay?” Steve smooths down Peter’s hair and looks into his eyes, conveying that he means every word. Peter believes him.
Peter closes his eyes, he can see the red and blue lights flashing, can feel the heat of the flames burning against his face.
Mrs. Warren arrives to pick him up, her smile soft and sombre knowing where she is driving Peter to and what he’s about to do.
He still isn’t really sure what this is between himself and Harry. Are they boyfriends? Or just close friends who kiss sometimes?
Peter and Harry offer to do the dishes and are mid-way through when Harry’s phone rings. He signals to Peter that he’ll be a second before walking off to take the call. When he returns there’s a smile on his face that causes Peter’s breath to catch in his throat a little. “So, you know how I am the most amazing friend you have?”
When the school day ends Peter invites Ned back to the Tower with him to do homework and to go over what he’s missed at the last few decathlon practices so he can be prepared for their meeting tomorrow.
The competition goes way better than anyone could have expected and they beat the other team easily. After the winner is announced parents storm the stage to congratulate their kids, Peter pulls out his phone expecting to see congratulations texts from Steve and Tony as the whole thing was being broadcast on TV. There are a few from Sam, Bucky, Bruce and Natasha but nothing from his dads.
“Yes, yes, yes! A thousand time yes!” The smaller boy throws himself at the two superheroes pulling them into a family hug. “This is so cool!” Tony smiles smugly at Steve over Peter’s shoulder, mouthing
When the teen finally comes to its dark outside and he can feel the hunger eating away at his insides. He asks JARVIS what the dinner situation is and is pleased to hear that no one has eaten yet, in fact Steve has just started cooking.
Tony lays out the plans for Peter who is practically vibrating out of his seat in excitement. They hope to leave early tomorrow afternoon if everyone is ready to go by then. The husbands release the ball of energy that used to be their son as he says he wants to go back, but even as the elevator doors close they can hear him on the phone to Ned telling his best friend the exciting news.
The blonde boy comes bounding over to their table where MJ, Ned and Peter are sitting bored out of their minds.
When he reaches the tower, he takes a deep breath and strolls into the lobby as casually as possible while hiding a limp.
When they get to the car, Happy and Pepper sit together in the front seat and leave Tony alone with his thoughts.
The moments between his scream for help and the doctor trying to take Tony away were a blur; nothing more than snippets of Natasha’s arms wrapping around him, holding him, restraining him maybe.
In the greater scheme of things, this is really the most fucked up thing that’s happened. Finally getting up the courage to open his damned mouth and he can’t even be sure Steve’s even really heard him.
Then again, since the moment Tony took that gasping breath and came back to them, Steve hasn’t been to think about anything but how close they came to losing him. He hasn’t been able to take his eyes off him.
Tony shoves the seat back and springs to his feet, still bowed over Steve, careful not to break the constant flurry of kisses he’s pressing against Steve’s lips before he finally pulls back, eyes blown and breathing fast.
The best part of the future was the food. Had there been this many flavours and textures in the 40s? As he strolled up and down the grocery aisles Steve was amazed by the variety of ingredients, coming together from all different corners of the world.
Steve had missed at least three of the last seven meals which, maybe that was okay, because Tony had gotten to enjoy three more meals than he would have, two of which were homemade. The feeling of being more at ease in his own home is a nice treat.
They don’t have to say much to get Tony on board, and maybe that’s Steve’s fault. When Natasha and Scott eventually leave and Morgan is tucked into bed, Tony sits close to him on the couch and pets a hand along one of his thighs.
When he’d repaired things with Tony, he’d set it aside, his friendship with Bucky being more important as he held himself together with tape and string.
,” the word tumbles to the floor in a puddle of disdain. “Howard used to say that to Mom, when she disagreed with him. When she was standing up for herself. When he didn’t like what she had to say.”
“I hate this thing,” Tony calls out when he hears the glass slide open and Steve’s heavy footfalls crossing the distance between them. “It’s ridiculous.”
He hasn’t been with anyone else. But he doesn’t want any part of Steve to linger with him after this is finished.
“Oh, is that how it is? I’ll give you something to strike, Rogers.” Tony growls a little in his chest, and Steve smacks an open palm down on his ass.
To Tony’s surprise he actually has a couple of the plates popped off of Bucky’s upper arm and is peering inside.
“How was that, Cap?” Tony pops the faceplate up, and Steve grabs him, hauling him in and kissing him stupid.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, I didn’t—they said you weren’t going to come through, Steve. They said you weren’t going to make it.”
“Hold on, I get it. Okay, damn it where is it—” Tony’s hand smacks against something hard and he curses under his breath. “There we go.”
“I love you.” Tony fucks his tongue into his mouth as he slides in, inch by delicate inch, and when his hips are flush with Steve’s ass, Steve clenches down around him, locking his legs at Tony’s narrow hips to keep him close. “I love you. Fuck, do I love you.”
Tony steps around the bed, one hand on Steve’s bicep and the other brushing over their daughter’s hair. He’s crying too, big, messy tears flowing freely down his cheeks.
The dining room table became a battleground, plates shoved off to the side when bellies were full and bets were thrown into the middle of the table.
, but sue him because that’d be worth looking into! “Sorry. Okay, that doesn’t sound so bad. That’s not all though, Cap’s taken worse–hell, I’ve said worse.”
“Sounds that way.” Wanda smirks at him, looking younger in that moment. She’s so different than the woman he’d visited in the Raft a few months ago. Being here has been difficult for her, too, and Tony can appreciate the effort she’s putting in.
Tony should have known better. He did know better, he just told himself he didn’t care. The desire to shut Steve up wells up and Tony’s never been known for his self-control.
There’s no question that this is the Tony he fell in love with—Tony’s not even forty yet, the arc reactor still embedded in his chest and bathing his worktable in a soft, blue light. The fine lines of his goatee are more black than grey and there’s a smear of motor oil spreading across his jaw that makes his facial hair look lopsided.
Before Steve can process what Tony’s doing, Tony is shoving at his shoulders. He’s tugging him in and pushing him away as if he can’t make up his mind before he settles on pushing him
Tony grins at him, hands tracing over his face, curling down around his shoulders. In the easy intimacy of Tony’s touches, Steve’s hardly realized how the lust has tapered low, but when Tony’s hips roll up to greet his own, the need roars back to life, anticipation hammering in his chest.
“So, I blamed you even more.” Steve continues. He doesn’t flinch back, or even move at all. He sits there, back straight as he soldiers on, a statue in the centre of their bed. “Bucky started apologizing at some point and it was too much. Constant, really, and I hated it. What did he have to apologize for, you know? And yet he just kept at it, over and over.”
“This can be enough. I don’t want you to wake up tomorrow and think that this is a mistake.” Steve leans back on his elbows but lets Tony take the rest of his weight where he’s pinned in place.
Tony gives him a set of stunted pats on the back and says, “no tears, Happy. There’s nothing different about today than any other day.”
“I—” Resolve hardens across Steve’s face and he sits up a fraction straighter. Something black starts to unfold in Tony’s belly, familiar and foul. “Tony, we have an obligation. To our team, to the world. Hell, to the galaxy at this point. You can’t tell me you’re just going to walk away from that. I know that you’ve been through a lot—”
And Tony does, sliding slick fingers over his hole before pressing inside at a devastating pace. Tony explores the inside of his body as thoroughly as the rest of him, curling and pressing until he finds the spot that makes Steve gasp, his hips jumping up to chase the sensation as Tony works him over.
“That’s it, Maguna. You’ve got it.” Tony sounds as proud as he’ll be on the day she learns to ride a bike. It’s something so simple, but everything she does is amazing. “Now, you eat it, or I’ll eat all the fruits and there will never be any left for you again, ever.”
“I don’t want him to get wrapped up in all this.” Tony jabs one of the wings in frustration, leaving a scratch he’ll buff out later. Or maybe he’ll leave it if Sam says it’s still not right. “He’ll get hurt, Rhodey.”
He’s only just realizing how weak he feels. Steve’s stomach is hollow and empty, his body the same bone-tired from hours of battle. It’s impossible to say how long he’s been down here, and Steve doesn’t know that he wants the answer.
The crease is back between Tony’s eyebrows, his nose wrinkling in confusion. He still hasn’t pulled his hand away and the heat that radiates from his palm warms Steve like dying embers still burning low. “I’m not following you, Steve.”
Too many eyes turn to him and the room grows tight and small, shrinking around him. Is the air getting thinner?
Rhodey was silent for a long moment, buttering slices of toast and sliding the omelets onto two plates. They settled back at the table, Tony poking absently at his food. Unsurprisingly, he’s lost his appetite.
Except it is all on him because Tony brought Peter into all of this in the first place. Peter has brought so much to his life since then, but the guilt of what Tony’s given him in return is building into a mountain the corner of his mind.
Peter swings through the air, unsteady as the webbing attaches to the bottom of one of the airborne aliens and is abruptly sliced through. The whole scene happens in slow motion. Tony, reaching for the gauntlet, hand outstretched as Peter intercepts him, dodging through the fray.
Tony turns to Steve, who has softened, a shimmer of hope returning to his features. For a split-second, Tony thinks he’ll back down, lose his nerve. Maybe it’s worth giving Steve one more chance.
“I’ve got a proposition for you, Steve.” His voice turns hard and laced with ice. “Do you want to come? Or do you want the serum?”
“That doesn’t prove anything. It’s just a theory. A nice theory, but still just a theory. And even if you were right, what then? If he’s a kid, he can’t join the team.”
Steve had ordered around his corpse, lifeless in the coffin that was the Iron Man armour and Tony had thought that that would be okay. That Steve could somehow come out the other end of that scenario with his sanity intact and not be completely fucked up. Or he knew that wouldn’t be the case and made the call anyways,
Nothing will change as long as they aren’t talking, and they’re trying, but progress is slow and Tony’s having a hard time unravelling the past seven years and reconciling them with the end of their marriage. Doubt plagues him in intermittent spurts that knock the wind out of him and kick him when he’s down. Mixed with his recovery and the emotional horrors of the battle, Tony needs Steve’s patience more now than ever.
The early days at the Compound had flown by quickly, Bucky barely retaining anything as he met countless new faces and tried desperately not to get lost in the various wings of the building. His access codes were heavily restricted, and sometimes he’d find himself trapped – something he still swore was a joke Stark had been playing on him – unable to figure out where he’d come from.
“What do you want? Tony, what? Anything you want.” Steve noses at his throat, pressing kisses from the hollow at the base up to his left ear where he sucks the lobe into his mouth and groans, and Tony thinks he must remember how that drives him wild. Heat licks through his body, forcing more blood into his impossibly hard cock.
Being a ghost might be a nice experience. He could haunt Steve. Rile him up on his good days, slip his fingers through his hair on the bad ones. Except then he’d have to watch Steve mourn and Tony can’t bear to think of what it might be like to drown in that ocean of grief.
They meet outside of OSCORP on Saturday just after twelve o’clock. As per usual Harry looks effortlessly stylish in a pair of light blue baggy jeans, cuffed at the bottom, and a black The Smiths t-shirt tucked into the jeans to show off a belt which is clearly designer. Peter knows he doesn’t have much style but beside Harry he feels like he’s dressed in a potato sack.
Things come crashing down after a few weeks of sneaking out and getting away with it. Peter’s been staying with the Baker’s for three months now. In that time, he’s gotten to know the couple well enough to know that his initial feelings about them were valid. He doesn’t like them, but it’s okay because the feeling is mutual and they make it extremely obvious.
Obviously he has to be careful and hold back on account of not wanting to arouse any suspicions about his his true strength and the pain that is still throbbing in his shoulder, but Peter finds that it truly does help.
The boy shrugs. “I’m just used to it I suppose.” Peter wouldn’t be quick to admit it but he really does enjoy school, and even homework at times.
About an half an hour before Harry needs to be home a text comes to Peter’s phone reminding him of the one thing he has been deliberately avoiding dealing with. MJ.
Just as Peter is about to ask what subjects Harry is actually interested in Ned joins them, sitting on the other side of the lunch table. Peter feels bad that he had basically forgotten about his best friend until this point, but at the same time he realises just how little he has been panicking and worrying all day thanks to Harry’s presence. Peter’s new friend has an infectious positivity and light heartedness about him which is exactly what he needs right now. Maybe the world isn’t out to get him after all.
“No Ned, I can’t! You’re the only one that knows, we can’t tell anyone else.” Peter almost thinks he imagines it but he’s certain a look of pride passes across Ned’s face upon learning he’s the only one that knows about Spider-Man. “If I don’t do this now it will never heal right.” Ned still doesn’t look convinced. “You don’t have to stay Ned, I can do it by myself.”
“You’re okay Pete, we’re here. You’re not alone. That’s it, just breathe.” The boy makes eye contact with his adoptive father and the man gives him a nervous smile. “Alright bud? We’ve got ya. You’re okay.” It’s then that Peter recognises Steve’s strong and reassuring presence to his right, rubbing slow and calming circles into his back.
Tony finds the pair in the middle of a deep discussion about the German occupation of France when he exits the elevator.
Peter walks her back to the train station listening contentedly as MJ explains the newest true crime case she’s learning about from a podcast.
The car pulls to a stop in front of a house, in an attempt to check back into reality Peter decides to focus on the details of the house, something real and physical. The house is in a nice area where all of the houses look the same, it has at least three floors from what Peter can tell, there’s a minibus parked in the driveway, and the front lawn is tidy but there are a few toys scattered about. It helps a bit, he can feel the fog in his head clearing and actually manages to respond when Mrs. Warren asks if he’s ready to go in.
Three days before the school dance Tony comes sliding into the kitchen in a blind panic bringing the conversation between his husband, son and Bucky to an abrupt end. “Peter!”
Now Peter doesn’t just have to get home, he also needs to hide a sprained ankle when he finally gets there, otherwise his deal with JARVIS is null and void.
Peter decides to be responsible and attempt to get some of his homework done before dinner time. He switches on the TV and fishes the Chemistry textbook out of his bag.
Safely in the Tower’s elevator Peter asks JARVIS to make sure no one visits his floor tonight. He does this under the guise of being tired and wanting to go straight to bed so that he can be well rested for school in the morning.
Oh. Peter sees it now, that makes perfect sense. He groans into his pasta bowl. “I am such an idiot.”
“So, tell me all about your wild night. Who broke up? Who hooked up? Did someone spike the punch?” He stumbles over to the sink, letting Tony’s words wash over him, totally blinded by his desperate need for a glass of water.  “Peter?” Tony gets up from his seat leaving whatever he was doing on his tablet (probably work) on the sofa. “Are you okay kid?” Watching Tony’s expression morph from confusion, to concern, to angry and back to concern when he finally sets his eyes on the boy is really something to behold. It also confirms Peter’s suspicions as to just how awful he looks right now.
Peter looks helplessly at Mr. Harrington, wanting the man to tell Michelle that speaking to team members is teacher responsibility. All the adult does is smile at Peter before moving to help two pupils who have started fighting over the buzzer.
Before the elevator doors open onto the communal floor Peter warns Ned and Harry that they’re probably about to meet at least three or four more Avengers.
In the darkness of his room Peter reflects on the fact that a few months ago he could have sworn he would never have another truly happy moment in his life, and now he has loving and supportive parents who live with and have some of the weirdest friends on the planet, that just so happen to be equally loving and kind.
Mrs. Warren arrives back in the room a few minutes later, when Peter tells her that he would like to take Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers up on their offer the couple beam at him, filling Peter with the confidence that he is making the right decision. He really feels like he can trust them, and given everything he has been through lately, trust is something Peter desperately needs more of in his life.
“Aw look at the baby in his blazer.” He brings his hands up and puts one on each of Peter’s cheeks pushing his lips together in an uncomfortable way. “Don’t you look so dapper. Do you have your juice boxes with you?”
Peter pushes Harry’s hand off and takes a few steps back from the railing. “What’s your problem?” The hard edge is back in the blonde boy’s voice.
Peter stays on the platform until the train has disappeared and then slowly makes his way back to the Tower. In his pocket he can feel his phone buzzing with questions from Ned about how it went with MJ, but he decides that can wait. Right now, he has two eagerly awaiting dads to deal with.
The lab looks like any other, standard equipment and shiny sterile surfaces, however there is a desk in the corner which looks out of place amongst the silver surfaces with its oak wood finish.
“We’ll head up to the common area right now and show you around there to start.” Steve presses a button and the elevator shoots off going much quicker than Peter believed was possible.
He tries to make a break for his bedroom but Natasha brings his escape plan to a grinding halt. “Stop. Come here.” She points to the couches and stares Peter down as he walks over and takes a seat. “Give me your leg.” Not wishing to upset the assassin by disobeying Peter lifts his leg into her waiting hand, he’s unable to prevent a wince and slight hiss of pain escaping his mouth at the movement.
Natasha confronts Peter with her suspicions. The Decathlon team compete in the final and Peter learns new information that changes his world again.
He looks up in surprise, the figure now close enough for Peter to make out the features of the attackers face. Only there is no face, just a strange mask.
“Had a little too much fun?” Peter groans pitifully in response. Tony is clearly annoyed but he pushes it aside to take pity on his son. “Right kid, let’s get you to bed.” The older man hooks an arm around Peter’s shoulders and helps guide the boy towards his bedroom. “Don’t think you’re in the clear though, we are definitely having a conversation about this tomorrow.”
Peter is aware that he’s smart, he’s been told his whole life that he has a level intelligence way beyond that of a regular kid his age. But he’s never been one to show off about it. May and Ben always refused whenever the idea of their nephew skipping a grade or two was brought up at parent-teacher conferences, insistent that Peter should experience school the same way every other child does.
“Hang on, they tell you that you’re a hassle to them?” Mr. Stark questions in a tone that makes Peter realise he was the one putting the Baker’s in their place earlier. “From everything we have read about you, and trust me kid we’ve read a lot, I’ve never once seen the words ‘trouble maker’ appear. Would you agree Stevie?” He looks over to Steve who nods in agreement, his brow furrowed in confusion. “I’m definitely going to be having a word with that nice social worker of yours about that couple.” Mr. Stark trails off, muttering under his breath about how the pair are supposed to be care givers and what a rotten job they are doing, Peter could not agree more.
They make their way to the couch, Harry sitting down casually and making himself at home as he always does, Peter hesitates not really sure if he should sit near Harry or not. He’s never been in this situation before.
Peter and Ned sit down beside Tony at the end of the large kitchen table, Clint and Nat sat directly across from them. Steve and Bucky are last to join them, both wandering into the room laughing at something unknown to everyone else. Steve claps a hand on Peter’s shoulder in greeting and takes the seat beside his husband.
With a quick goodbye to them both Peter gets into the elevator and leaves into the streets of New York through the tower’s main entrance.
He only manages to sleep for an hour or so, when Mrs. Baker comes to wake him up at eight o’clock that morning Peter is already dressed and waiting patiently on his bed.
Ned chooses that moment to come back into the room, this time carrying a glass of water and a sandwich with him. Both of these items make it to Peter in one piece which he is extremely thankful for, his growling stomach alerting him to how long it’s been since he last ate.
There’s something vaguely familiar about Harry but Peter can’t place what. That is until the teacher addresses the boy by his last name.
They’re parting ways for the night, Peter about to head back down to his own floor, when Tony and Steve both stop to give him tight hugs that last just a little bit longer than usual. They both insist that if Peter needs them for any reason, he is to ask JARVIS to waken them, no matter what time it is. The warm feeling returns to Peter’s chest as he remembers when May and Ben would tell him the same thing.
“Of course you’re Osborn’s kid, you look just like him.” Peter notices the way Harry’s shoulders tense slightly at the mention of his dad and sets about rescuing the boy from his adoptive father’s clutches.
The small family talk it out, reassuring Peter that he’s safe and that his emotions are valid. Something Tony and Steve are always sure to do given what they know about Peter’s bad experiences in the foster home.
The other villain lowers slightly so that he comes into view. He’s definitely human, wearing a jacket and a pair of goggles but the most impressive and terrifying part of his ensemble are the giant wings sprouting from his back. Peter can hear the tell-tale whir that confirms the wings are mechanical.
As if reading his thoughts his phone beeps with a text from Harry asking what he’s doing. They text back and forth for a few minutes until Harry invites Peter over to his place because,
Steve catches him as soon as he steps into the Tower’s entrance pulling him into a tight hug and frantically checking he’s okay. It takes a lot of reassuring but eventually Steve seems satisfied enough to move on to other matters. He explains what will happen in the debriefing on their way up to the conference room.
Peter has known for a while now that Natasha was suspicious of him. She hardly attempted to hide it, staring holes through him any time he was near isn’t exactly discreet. But Peter had certainly never expected the woman to all but attack him in the name of getting answers.
So maybe not remembering to buy a suit for his school dance was a major oversight on Peter’s part, but he’s never been to such a fancy event before so he thinks he deserves a bit of slack. Besides Tony seems to be really enjoying shopping in all the best and fanciest places so Peter is more than happy to indulge in his adoptive father’s wishes, even if the amount of money being spent is making him deeply uncomfortable.
This is where Bucky finds him, sitting at the coffee table surrounded by poems with various lines highlighted and notes scribbled all around in different colours. The older man wanders over and takes a seat near Peter with a small smile as a greeting.
MJ looks just about as uncomfortable as Peter did when her parents force the pair of them into another round of pictures before finally releasing them to get back in the car. “Tony and Steve did the same to me.” He tells the girl as they settle into the car, she cracks a smile at that and some of the tension slips away.
“Well, I just got off the phone with two friends who have tickets to this amazing concert tonight in an old warehouse. Very underground. It’s gonna be amazing, and you and I are going.” Harry shimmies his shoulders while waggling his eyebrows at Peter in a way that is completely ridiculous and causes him to laugh.
It takes him a second to regain his composure, what an odd reaction to a smile, he thinks to himself. Shaking it off he responds. “Of course, it’ll be nice to have some company.”
Tony places a glass of water on the bedside table as Peter burrows into the covers, the soft sensation of the bed making him feel slightly less ill. He sighs into the feeling of Tony running a careful hand through his hair. “Pete, before you drift off, do you think you might be sick?” Peter manages to whisper out a ‘no’ which satisfies Tony enough. “Okay. I’m gonna stay here for a bit just in case.”
They haven’t spoken since Peter basically ran away from Harry’s house on Saturday. He doesn’t even know how to approach the situation. Should he bring it up and address it head on? Or just pretend it didn’t happen?
Without hesitation Peter webs his way up towards the noise. The heat of the flames is so intense he can hardly breathe, but he pushes forwards towards the figure of a woman huddled in the corner. He steps to the right just as part of the roof comes crashing down on the spot he had just been stood on. The apartment building is quickly crumbling around him, he has to be quick if they’re both going to make it out of here.
“Hi Peter, erm, I’m not sure honestly.” There’s a distinct tone of uncertainty in Harry’s voice. “I followed the directions but I think something went wrong.”
“Okay last question Peter. Subtract one hundred seventy-three from three hundred forty-two in base eight.”
“Um, yeah. Yeah, I’d like that.” Harry darts forward to capture Peter’s lips in a chaste kiss. “If there’s more of that involved, I’m really onboard with the whole dating thing.” The blonde laughs again, his entire face lighting up, eyes crinkling at the corners. Peter decides if Harry’s goal is to make him blush then his will be to make Harry laugh, because he looks beautiful when he does.
“Yeah, I didn’t wanna just rush in and buy stuff without you getting a say first. We can start looking for more furniture tomorrow if you want?” Peter spins around so fast he swears that he could’ve gotten whiplash.
“Oh, come on Pete, tell me. Cause I’m oh so invested. Why haven’t you asked Michelle to be your girlfriend yet?”
“No kiddo it’s all good. I just thought you might want to ask Ned to come over here, to build your new Millennium Falcon with you.”
“Well, guess I’ve finally found the party table. Come on, all of you up, I’ve got a car waiting outside to take us back to mine.” Harry takes Peter’s hands in his own to pull the boy up from his seated position. “The real party starts now.” With a beaming smile Harry pulls the trio out of the gymnasium doors all the while shouting his address at everyone they pass.
Suit purchased Harry happily strolls along swinging the Gucci bag between them. “You’re going to the dance, right?”
Once he’s back in his jeans and sweater Peter checks his phone groaning audibly when he realises it’s just gone eight o’clock. He has three messages from Steve and two missed calls from Tony.
“Whatever man, the hammer’s not even that impressive. It’s all just a trick.” Clint voices from his space on the floor.
Still Peter isn’t one to look a gift horse in the mouth and he thinks a new friend could be good for him and Ned. Peter will be the first one to tell you that they spend way too much time together.
He steadies himself and carefully places the item back where he found it. “Noted. Thanks for the tip.”
Over the next few hours Thor asks Peter numerous questions, apparently the God of Thunder is very interested in and confused by the American school process. The number of people at the party, which Steve still insists is not a party, slowly starts to dwindle until it’s just the main group of Tower inhabitants left.
“Oh my God Peter.” Harry pulls back and cups Peter’s face in his hands. “Look at your face.” Peter’s head is forcibly turned from side to side as Harry thoroughly inspects the bruise. “Don’t ever do anything like that ever again.”
Possibly the last thing that could help Peter avoid Ned freaking out again greets them when the dining table comes into view. The usual’s are present; Steve, Tony, Bucky, Nat, and Bruce. But so are Sam and Clint.
“Are you serious? First MJ, now you. Feels like everyone is getting to meet him except me.” Ned pouts slightly and Harry laughs.
Harry seems a bit embarrassed by the question and Peter is about to intercept when Harry awkwardly responds. “You actually know my dad. Norman Osborn.”
“What is that thing?” A familiar voice asks from behind Peter. He spins around in shock only to find a puzzled Michelle Jones standing on the same roof as him, a book clutched in her hand. She’s staring at the green figure zipping about the sky in search of Spider-Man.
“Nice to meet you, Sam Wilson.” Peter takes the outstretched hand and greets Sam in return. “I’m gonna hang around for a few days before I go back to DC is that cool?” He turns back to Steve and Tony.
A police officer approaches them and Peter can hear him talking to Mr Palmer. “This is Peter? … And he knows that she didn’t make it? … Need him to come with us…” He can only make out parts of the conversation, but Peter figures that it isn’t good. The words ‘minor’ and ‘care-system’ are thrown around a few times and before long Mr. Palmer is trying to get his attention.
Harry’s pretty much always the definition of calm, cool and collected so Peter doesn’t suspect that this information will phase him. Ned on the other hand… His first encounter with Bucky was anything but smooth and Peter would really like to avoid a similar situation ever happening again.
Peter manages to hide long enough to assess the damage that has been caused to the building he had previously been sitting on. Luckily it isn’t a civilian building, a warehouse of some kind, and from a quick sweep Peter is confident there are no people inside.
“I have informed Mr Rogers and Mr Stark that you are home Peter, they have been extremely worried.” JARVIS’ voice informs him as soon as he has stepped into the elevator. Despite the fact that Peter has pressed the button for his own floor they zip straight past it and instead the doors open on the communal level.
At the top of the article are two pictures, one clearly showing the Green Goblin gliding over an apartment building. The other is a rather unflattering picture of Spider-Man tripping over a puppy after getting tangled in the leash.
Tony is about as helpful as Peter thought he would be, suggesting that he stroll into school the next day and find another girl to ask so that it will make MJ jealous. “Gotta treat ‘em mean to keep ‘em keen Pete.” Natasha, Steve and Bucky all take turns hitting the billionaire for that one.
In response to his husbands words Tony gives an impressive eye roll then stands from the couch. “My turn. I never have any problems getting it up, isn’t that right Spangles.” Peter wants the ground to open up and swallow him whole. Everyone but Steve is howling with laughter now.
Peter successfully dodges each one, he crouches waiting for the next attack and trying desperately to create a plan. During the next round of dodge the explosives Peter gets a good look at the hover craft, giving him an idea.
Thankfully Steve comes to his rescue and diffuses the situation further. “Good try Peter, I guess none of us are worthy eh Thor?”
He almost escapes but Natasha appears and joins in, so for the next twenty minutes Peter is at the mercy of five super-heroes who coo over ‘how cute’ and ‘how dapper’ he looks. As if it couldn’t get any worse Bucky pipes up with another wicked grin and quite possibly the evilest question.
“Peter! You’re back much sooner than I expected. And this must be the famous Ned. Peter’s told us all about you.” Peter sniggers as Steve shakes the hand of an all but frozen Ned. The boy’s mouth is hanging open and Peter can hear Aunt May’s voice in his head saying something about catching flies.
Steve suggests that they should watch a movie together when they’ve finished tidying everything away so they head to the common floor which has the biggest screen for movie watching. They’re settled and about to start the film when Peter’s phone buzzes. It’s a text from Ned asking where he’s supposed to meet him tomorrow.
Natasha slides into the seat on his other side and places a careful hand over his fingers which had been drumming a steady beat into the table without Peter even realising.
The pair settle down in Harry’s bedroom. It’s a space that screams Harry, the walls are covered in polaroid’s and posters of old bands. Peter recognises pictures of Marc Bolan, David Bowie and Morrisey from Tony’s many music education sessions. Along one wall is a very impressive collection of records, all stored carefully in plastic sleeves.
“That’s extremely kind of you to say.” An unknown male voice replies. “We are actually here about one child in particular.”
“She-she’s not my girlfriend or anything. Just a friend… She’s the captain of the Decathlon team actually. That’s why she’s coming over, to practice.”
They leave the bedroom and walk towards the kitchen area. Tony is there, tablet in hand as always, he looks up to smile at them both. “Mornin’ kid.”
Thursday night finds Peter sitting at the dining table on his parent’s floor with Steve working on his History project. There’s a small part of him that thinks getting Captain America’s help could be considered cheating but he pushes that away, grateful for any help he can get.
The Winter Soldier’s gaze narrows slightly. “Come on ace, don’t play this off. This is serious. If some punk is messing you about you need to tell someone. Especially if it’s…”
“Peter! Oh, thank God. Are you okay? Where are you? Do you need us to come home?” Steve’s voice comes through clearly before Peter is even able to say hello.
“Hey.” He greets sliding into the booth across from Ned and happily taking the ice cream from him. “How’s things?”
Steve smiles kindly, obviously pleased with Peter’s commitment to his friends. Little does he know Peter’s real intentions for going to see the Osborn boy. “Sure it is son, if you go out just be back home for six at the latest. Alright?”
The decision to put the mask back on again is taken almost completely out of Peter’s hands one afternoon. He’s walking to the bus after school when he hears gunshots and screaming from down the street. Acting on instinct he jumps into an alley near to him and retrieves the suit from his bag, putting it on without a second thought. His need to follow instinct kicking into high gear.
“Out with-it kid. I promise it won’t be half as bad as the things I said to my old man when I was your age.” Tony smiles kindly at Peter attempting to put his son at ease.
“Is all of that clear Mr. Parker?” Once again Peter nods. “Excellent, I believe that you will be very happy here Peter. Now, the other children should be waking soon, we will have breakfast and I shall introduce you to them all.”
