“What the…” John muttered, looking at it again before glancing up at Sarah wordlessly, mouth still slightly agape, jaw working for a moment as he attempted to articulate. To ask questions. To say something, anything, that might help him understand where this had come from, why Mrs Hudson had helped Sarah buy this for him. What was his life?
!” John called out, shuffling in his chair and leaning forward. “Do you want me to stop dating other people and be
just take your... um... your theories as fact. Nothing is final. There's no conclusion, because we haven't made everything clear. I'm being... being stupid. Don't stick with this thought, not because of what I said. - I don’t know
worse. There were many other options lined up…” Stepping away after another embrace, Sarah gave a wink and turned, strolling off toward were the receptionist was waiting with her mouth covered to try and hide her mirth. “Say hello to Sherlock for me.”
“Yes sir,” John said, and placed a kiss to Sherlock’s neck before he moved away to make the sauce, leaving a scorching brand that made Sherlock’s core quiver.
John’s eyebrow rose in the way it did when he was amused but also annoyed and he pulled away with a chuckle, “I’m sure Mrs Hudson will be bringing those in once the icing’s done.”
“Just like that,” John answered when he’d turned entirely the other way. Sherlock started to look back, confused, but then John’s arms pushed their way under his, sliding against his sides, and his hands pressed flat against his chest, pulling him back until his body was leaning against John’s torso. His arms wound around him like a comforting blanket.
what he does. He’s a naughty little possessive elf who has you, fundamentally, by the crotch!” Sarah’s grin got wider and she leaned in to kiss his cheek, glancing down at the underwear with another giggle. “
, I'll give you that...” He huffed out a laugh and leaned in to kiss her cheek in return, still unable to tear himself away from Sherlock's face on some underwear. “Thank you. It's...
Steadily, as he gave himself over to the recollection of his first look at John with abandon, Sherlock was soothingly lulled into an odd floating slumber he was incapable of fighting out from. His limbs became heavy, head filling with busy static that made little sense, thoughts condensed into fuzzy, barely understandable circling words. He flinched a few times, he was conscious of that, jolting back to awareness at the distant sound of clattering and thumping that drifted in from the kitchen, but ultimately was pulled into the relentless wrench of the sleep he hadn’t had.
Greg let out a long sigh, jaw muscles bulging, and took a long, deep, swig of beer, using it then to motion and point with, “Isn’t this complicated at all, this
,’” Sherlock groused, shooting him a heated, eye-twitching glower he dropped his pointing finger and pushed back his hair, gripping and squeezing handfuls of it, before ruffling the large curls at the back in heightened infuriation. “It’s pierced my skull! Stuck… stuck in my head like a jagged shard of glass, that I can't just
John shook his head but he did start carving slices of the duck, the steam rising in his face as he swayed and sliced, looking like a modern Viking, “Pass me your plate, Mrs Hudson.”
“Yeah, he likes it a lot,” John said in a purring tone, the mischievousness apparently contagious. He let his hand brush across Sherlock's exposed scrotum, exploration now exceedingly familiar and almost second nature. The intimate touch happened so often that John was pretty sure he could tell Sherlock’s body out of a million others, could tell blindfolded. “Likes to be told he's good, or clever, or brave--”
“Oh she’s fine!” Sherlock called out as he started banging around in the kitchen and the bathroom, or what John assumed was the bathroom. “I've given it to her before. Many times. Think of it akin to her ‘herbal soothers.’ Just want her to relax.”
Sherlock let out a hissing sigh through his grinding teeth and looked skyward frustratingly, “Twelve,” he muttered and got ready to continue, grumpily glaring when John lifted his eyebrow. “What? - I
“So you keep saying, yes,” Sherlock replied on a sigh, letting John’s fingers coax him back to exposing his palm. “What if you
“Teasing and long? Or quick and dirty?” he questioned, the rough tinge of his voice already apparent.
Sherlock rolled his eyes with a loud, put upon sigh, and then reached to cup John through his underwear, "
,” he muttered and looked at his card as it went down, slapping the top of it. “Snap—Why can’t you just allow what we have to be what it is?”
“Only to me,” John smiled with a fond huff of breath as he leaned down to press a chaste kiss to Sherlock's forehead, lingering for just a fraction of a second longer to feel the brow contract in a small, sullen furrow under his lips. “I know you, I know your habits
“I know,” John sighed, wishing he could stop the demons that riddled Sherlock's tormented mind. “You'll feel better in the morning. And when you feel terrible again, I'll be right here.” He held Sherlock closer, basking in the warmth of their embrace, until his cock began to soften. With a careful hand, John pinched the base and pulled out, quickly disposing of the condom in the bedroom bin. John gave himself and Sherlock a quick rubdown with the tissues, just to rid them of the worst of their sweat, and grabbed for the large plush duvet which lay beneath them, easing it off the bed only to return to Sherlock's side and pull it over them. John then opened his arms for Sherlock to shuffle into, head was resting on John's chest, and craned down to press a kiss to Sherlock's forehead. “That thing you wanted to ask me. You can you know... whenever you want. I've thought about it a lot too and wanted it for a while. Feeling you
Unable to resist any longer, John made a more pointed shift of his hips, pressing the two of them more resolutely together and lowered a hand to curl against the small of Sherlock’s back, urging him to respond in kind.
John deposited their gifts on the table, unpacking the bowls again, “We should put some newspaper out, just for now.”
“Why should I sympathise with an idiot?” Sherlock huffed and turned his hard gaze on Greg, challenging the intimidating and warning look with an aloof, excessively uncaring, cutting one of his own. “You’re
Sherlock watched and straightened, smiling when Orion glanced up the length of his body at the movement, “He really does like you,” he stated.
Screwing his eyes closed at his own stupidity, at how easily Sherlock could read sometimes, John clenched his jaw and flushed, “Nuh-No...”
!” Sherlock told her as he did as he was bid, striding to the kitchen after another mouthful of his remaining food, scraping the plate clean. “I love ice cream and custard with Christmas pudding.”
,” he muttered and turned to flounce off, only to stop, turn back around and frown, pointing. “Why are you still wearing your coat?”
Sherlock glanced at her as she snapped not one, not two, but three, then four photos, “Do you really need
Taking it back after a mini tug of war, Sherlock stroked his muzzle and then threw it again, “He’s so very clever,” he murmured, impressed and proud.
by my cockiness!” Sherlock called out to his striking retreating figure, grinning when John playfully swivelled around to stick his fingers up at him, disappearing from sight with a grin of his own.
Sherlock went in first, pushed past John and shot a dark, sulky glare at Greg as he stepped in, closing his coat about him with a melodramatic tug, “
“She's a survivor,” John said quietly, “She'll be running the place in no time.” Having Sherlock so close, just a hair's breadth away, was too much of a temptation, too much for John to ignore, and he turned to nose at his warm, soft curls, leaning in to press a tender kiss on Sherlock's forehead. His temple. The peeking helix of his ear. He wanted to kiss every part of him. Just everywhere and never stop.
John sat down beside him, their knees touching and John smiled patiently at him, “Do you like parsnips?”
“You won’t,” John said cryptically, and pulled out an unassuming envelope from his dressing gown pocket, one which Sherlock had somehow overlooked, placing it between his fingers.
“Yeah,” Greg replied with his own smile, a sad, downtrodden smile. “I suppose sex isn’t everything so... it doesn’t
…” John replied, feeling ridiculous kneeling over Sherlock, still holding himself. “And I… I’m… it’s just…
“Says the man clinging onto false hope that his cheating wife has any ounce of respect left for him,” Sherlock muttered with an edge to his tone and a sideways glare as he turned his head away.
John moved to meet him halfway, straightening his spine and leaving the tiniest space between their bodies before gently, and almost tenderly, placing a hand on Greg's cheek. He waited a moment, checking that Greg wasn't flinching, grimacing or going to back out, then leaned in and softly placed a light, pecking kiss on his lips. It was dry, chaste, as innocent as kisses could get, but already John was craving more.
When Sherlock returned he hopped over the coffee table holding two bottles in his hands, one was a type of lotion and the other was some sort of oil, “
Sherlock blushed and shifted aside, knocking his hip into the side roughly in the process and rebounding to then fumble against the fridge, “Well,
affect our friendship.” Greg gave a brisk, determined and agreeing nod at that, tracking John’s every move with greedy eyes. “And if you like it... and it
“Even when you lecture me? Shout at me? And give me those amusingly sarcastic and rather condescending remarks?” Sherlock asked with a twitch of a smirk, despite somehow enjoying the range of emotion John often displayed. Even if it was anger, he basked in it, in the attention it provided.
,” he huffed around a chuckle and pulled back, nudging Sherlock's chin with his nose. “I won’t try and change my ways then. Not at all. No matter how many times you snarl at me—”
Santa joined in, sliding a hand down his face, and then turned to look at John, “I don't know you. I don't know Homer, but I what I
and I knew that you’d take me up on the flat share, that you’d come with me to a crime scene, that you’d rid yourself of your limp during, and that you would be of a big help to me.” He waved his hand and gave a loose, casual unconcerned shrug. “Yes, I didn’t know Mike would bring you to me, and yes there was a small chance you would have not turned up at the flat at all, and yes you did surprise me,
Sherlock found the gingerbread biscuits cooling on the kitchen table, and he could see the duck cooking away in the oven. Quickly, as nimble as he could, he took a biscuit, shoving it passed his lips and against his tongue, ignorant of the heat, and eating with a hiss and an open mouth. As he ate it, blinking away the way it pleasantly burned, like only a freshly baked sweet would, he wandered through to her living room and sat his violin case down, popping it open, then sprawled himself over the sofa.
. I do this because I want to do this. Because I like to take care of you and make you feel better. I
“...Ah. Uh. Yes,” Sherlock wheezed, mind tilting and scrambling to record, to store, every detail, every shift of John’s fingers, hands, arms, and head.
!” Sherlock replied with a snort. “No, I...I didn’t set anything up. - I wanted him to ask you, but not like
Sherlock shuddered with buckling legs, “You were late back,” he whined through gritted teeth, scratching a stinging path down John’s arms. "
“Sherlock! Stop squirming,” John chastised, twisting his finger and brushing against Sherlock’s prostate to jerk his fidgeting to a stop, “You're going to hurt yourself if you keep on.”
Sherlock blinked down at him and moved closer, though not towards John’s face, to his waist, where his crotch was exposed from a flipped back and crumpled piece of the blanket. John frowned, heart suddenly all he could hear, and watched as Sherlock bent his head until the tip of his nose skimmed the hard shape of John’s morning erection through the worn, soft fabric of his pyjama bottoms. It shot a thrilling jolt throughout his body, made him twitch and inhale sharply, and though he knew he should move, should question Sherlock’s actions, push him away, do something, he just lay there, watching as Sherlock breathed down against him and then returned his gaze, eyes dark silver.
‽” John snarled, “You could have been anyone, you arsehole! I had just woken from a nightmare, Sherlock, I was
“No. I...I can do it,” Sherlock assured him, lifting a hand to touch John’s face and stroke the edge of his ear, needing to ground himself but finding him forever floating high on the flow of adoration he felt for John.
, that’s all. - Considering you two are no longer dating and have therefore resumed a working relationship instead of a romantic one. Aren't really meant to kiss co-workers. Nor date them, now we're on the subject--”
As before it curled up completely into the tight coil, “Why can you say what it means for me and not what it does for Sherlock?”
“Don’t worry about my turning up here again,” Sherlock threw over his shoulder as he slammed open the door and stepped out. “You can wallow in your ‘moment of peace’ to your heart’s content.”
With Sherlock more or less wrapped around him, John focussed on taking and stroking both of their cocks together, giving long pulls and tight twists as his other hand slipped around to Sherlock's buttock, moving lower and inwards until he could press the tips of his fingers around the small furled entrance, “Do you touch yourself here?” John asked, voice like a purr, sensitising the nerve endings, “with your fingers, or maybe a toy?”
Sherlock slowed to a pause and cupped John’s head in his hands carefully, caressing a sweep across each cheek, “I hope so,” he said quietly.
“We’ll start the vegetables in half an hour or so,” she said as she went. “It might be an early lunch, but you want to fetch that puppy of yours as soon as possible I’m sure!”
“I suppose that makes some sort of sense,” Greg mumbled with a grin, eyeing Sherlock’s naked body for a moment or two longer than necessary. “Right. I’ll… get undressed then.” With a nod, another ruffle of Sherlock’s curls, and a rather boyish glance through his lashes, Greg got undressed without much timidness. He folded up his clothes atop one of the drawers and strolled over to the window in his socks, pants and vest to draw the curtains closed. “Are you sure this won’t be awkward if I decide I don’t want this with you two? - Well, I mean, I want
“Sherlock,” John said again and stepped a little closer to move into his view. “You read the letter. I visited that dog for weeks. I told him stories, showed him pictures, played fetch, gave him belly rubs and let him sit in my lap. Of
since you got home!” Sherlock exclaimed, throwing his arms up and spinning to go off and pace, like he tended to do when he was pouting, when he was making his way up to a full out tantrum, yet he instead span back around again and prodded a long finger into John’s chest. “Stop. Singing. I’ve had about all I can take!”
“If anything, my coming here, is good for everyone involved. This way I won’t shoot at the walls again. Or dismantle the kettle. Or reorganise the objects in the living room according to size, colour, and use...or smoke the entire box of cigarettes that are hidden in the Bison skull...”
Promptly realising he was in fact very dizzy, was still holding that first breath, Sherlock exhaled in a rush, “Breathing...is boring,” he uttered between gasping inhalations. Did everyone feel this way? Was this what it was like for others? The fear, the want, the aching chest and spinning mind?
“I noticed,” John said with a self-satisfied smirk, though it had the warmth of John’s happiness in Sherlock’s joy. “So! What shall we do until then?”
of that,” Sherlock protested, wiping water from his face and pushing his hair back. “And I don’t sound like that—is that how you think I sound?”
Just as Mrs Hudson returned John turned his nose back into his hair and inhaled, making Sherlock rise again, “Yeah,” he whispered as he exhaled and Mrs Hudson brought the camera up to take her photo, a bright, proud expression on her face.
John accepted it and straightened some out, putting them on the floor in the corner of the kitchen and setting one of the bowls down, the other he filled with water before setting it next to the first, “There we are.”
John bit his lip as he inched forward, pushing in more and more, pushing deep, a husky moan dangling from his parting mouth, and the squish of lube obvious and lewd in the quiet lull. The hot, tight tunnel of Sherlock’s submitting desirous body sent John's head spinning, almost spiralling him into the whirlwind of orgasm too early. He wanted to enjoy it first, just for a few moments more. Wanted to draw it out. Wanted to fuck fervently into pleasured oblivion. So he gripped Sherlock's thighs, forced himself to calm, not to push too quickly, and glanced upwards, meeting Greg's eyes.
it? At… any… time?” Before John could answer though, before he could stop himself from choking on breath and words both, Sherlock shook his head and ducked down, nudging their noses together as he kissed John again.
Removing his fingers, John wiped each on some tissue and trailed them up Sherlock's inner thigh, cupping his testicles and teasing the long, raised veins of his shaft, “Are you ready?” he asked, practically vibrating with desire. He knew he couldn't touch the head of Sherlock's cock, it was too sensitive, too much for him, now that he was fully aroused. Instead John stroked and touched everything else that was available to him, every last inch of it. “On your side?”
. - Always... sniffin' around, y'know? Messin' with evidence! Stalking people and listenin' in on their conversations!”
, and you are in need of a work out,” Sherlock replied, taking his card back once the money was transferred and grabbing the bag, shoving it into John’s broad, lovely, solid, warm chest as he pushed them all toward the door. “But no. We shall share the burden.”
,” John murmured lowly, unable to really understand how she could have discovered this, how she sounded so sure of herself. Was the tension between them that palpable? “We're
Humming, Sherlock brought those long, nimble, coarse-padded fingers of his down along the centre of John’s torso, pausing on the way for a skimming touch of his navel, and then spreading to press and caress along the clinging waistband, “
Sherlock gave a slanted smirk and leaned back, stretching out his torso in invitation, “Feel free to tell me what to do as well,” he murmured. “You are
…” John moaned, fingers clenching into the sofa, and then groping behind for Sherlock's legs, squeezing tight in zealous. “That feels like it's realigned
“Not as thin as I used to be though. It's the late night takeaways that are killing me. I'll start a diet in the new year…
Flushing hot in the face, unprepared for John to have succeeded in doing something behind his back. For the situation and the resulting embarrassment, Sherlock narrowed his eyes, watching John penetratingly, “You think I’ll like it—
When he was finally done, as he was just drying the last plate to be put away in the open cupboard nearby, Sherlock appeared from the ether and slid against his back, looming over his shoulder and slapping his hand over John's partly open mouth, snarling lowly in annoyance, “If you continue to sing that
,” Sherlock commented, reaching down and close for his buckle and zip, nosing first back up John’s throat and trailing his curls across his cheek in a cat-like nuzzle. "I hope they're...
“No. No, not really. I was just asking. Wondering,” Greg said with a shrug and a darting gaze, rubbing the back of his neck and then up under his chin. Restless and so far oblivious. John watched Sherlock watch Greg, and wondered if the obliviousness was an act. “I don’t have that many friends, not ones that are into stuff that’s outside the norm, stuff that’s new and exciting and a little bit—” Finally noticing Sherlock’s narrowed look, Greg sought out John for confirmation and aid. John tried to express his newfound interest in response. “
Fighting the urge to either throttle the turkey, or Sherlock, he wasn't sure which, John clenched his jaw and jabbed a finger in his direction, “You're talking to a
Tilting his head up, Sherlock gazed at him and licked up along the caught digit, letting it go only to snort and blush, “I see you like getting more than one thing
Mrs Hudson beamed and applauded and John set the ice cream and custard down to the side, "It turned out
level. You can keep the one at the front door, but the rest need to go. We can combine all of them into one big piece if we must--”
,” John said a little bit too shrill and a little bit too rapid to be believed. He sighed, rubbed at his brow and grimaced, lifting a hand in submission, giving in while he still had some remaining dignity. Dignity he knew he was going to lose the moment he showed the underwear. “It's just –
At the sound of a soft sigh, he span to find, in the darkened corner of the room, Sherlock sitting on an armchair, wrapped in his coat and watching Greg in a mixture of amusement and irritation, “Really? ‘Who’s there?’ Come on, Inspector, you know better than that,” he snorted.
Inwardly grimacing, Sherlock sighed and took his time with his own bowl, scraping it clean with the side of his spoon, then lifting it to lick the last of the custard up from the edges. Some, inevitably, smeared up the tip of his nose and so he instead resorted to using his fingers, only realising they were both staring at him, thankfully in mirth, when he picked the spoon up to lap at too. John chuckled in good humour and Mrs Hudson pulled her handkerchief out with a sigh.
mint,” he murmured, taking the pudding over to the dining table with an over dramatic flourish, merely for Mrs Hudson’s amusement.
. Hard not to really. There’s this… tension. A different sort of tension to one that normally hangs around with both. You know, the kind that probably is the reason the two of you can become suddenly so… distant. - Look, whatever it is that he’s done, he
John’s intimate company was a welcome reprieve, even if it sent his heart hammering, and he tipped back into him, “Do you...think he has any concept of what is going to happen today?” he asked fruitlessly, obtusely.
Shocked by the third kiss, Sherlock tripped after him as if dragged by an invisible thread, “Yes,” he wheezed, following John down the stairs, trying to stay as close as physically possible to him.
After spending some time gazing into the middle distance, John climbed into the shower and set about scrubbing his body, his own hair, and his cock, which had perked up for attention. Sherlock had been aroused too. Must have been. Had to have been. What else could explain Sherlock's bright cheeks and odd leg movements? Right? Or was it wishful thinking? Was it just a different kind of pleasure? John knew that he had shivered and wiggled once, when someone had sneaked up to push down a metal, strange looking scalp massager on his head. He remembered how it felt. Was that it?
," Sherlock muttered in raising irritation and knocked their noses together, eyes narrowing and lips turning down into a crumpled pout. "It's
John ducked his head briefly, his own smile surprisingly shy for a moment before gaining a confidence that bespoke experience. He looked up at her again and reached for Sherlock’s hand. It was so effortless, so simple, and so honest that Sherlock couldn’t help but beam at their softly grasping fingers. He could feel Mrs Hudson’s eyes on them and knew, without looking, just how delighted she was.
. It’s muscle, John,” Sherlock complained in frustration and thudded the cards seconds after he'd laid his down. “
?” Suddenly unsure, John turned his full attention to Greg in apprehension, hoping he was right about him. “Because if it's too weird I can shut up?”
nice?” Sherlock asked, pushing for something extra and adding a bit more pressure on John’s back, enough for an audible few cracks. Cracks that echoed throughout John’s body, his head, and throbbed in the tips of his fingers and toes with a downpour of tingling pleasure. Pushing again, Sherlock shifted, felt around John's ribs and then waited for John to breathe out before pushing for another orchestra of popping cracks. "I deserve at least an
relevant to you?” John grumbled rhetorically, unable to stop his gaze as it dropped once more to where they were pressed together. “…You’re not so small yourself, you know—God, this is…not what I thought we’d end up doing when I agreed to travel halfway across the northern countryside with you. What are we here for again? Was there even a reason? I honestly can’t remember.”
what to buy. Especially when the people in question have everything they could possibly need or want—Which you do, I might add.”
“Mmhm, probably going to end up killing the polar bears with the amount of washing you'll have to do.”
told him to?" he asked, his voice filled with the betrayal he felt. "You set this up? Is this... some kind of a
Sherlock felt his skin tingle and itch with slight arousal at the suggestion, thoughts suddenly lewd, “I’m
we're a couple. We're closer than regular friends, Sherlock. We live together and work together and finish each other's sentences sometimes!” John grumbled unhappily. “And anyway! This is
. She’s feisty,” Sherlock told him with a small bit of pride and gave the clucking turkey a smile. “Took me a bit to get her used to me.”
“I’ll do it,” Sherlock told her, patting her slender shoulder. “Rest those elbows of yours.” She smiled at him and gave his forearm a squeeze.
Sherlock kissed John’s skin first, sampling a few inches of it and following it up to the glans, then he shyly, timidly, sucked it into his mouth, the wet heat of his curious tongue almost too much for John to bear. He took his time with it all, dragging out every minute motion of his lips, every added bit of suction, every lapping swirling slide of his tongue, all while retaining eye contact with John, cheeks blushing blotchily in the hazy early morning light. It felt surreal, utterly surreal, and John wondered for a moment whether it was, whether he wasn’t just sleeping, dreaming of this. It had occurred before, of course. He’d had many realistic dreams, both horrific ones and pleasurable ones.
,” he whispered, stepping up close to stabilise him with hands-on either side of his covered waist, and tried not to breathe too loudly while Greg used some of his newly found confidence in kissing another man, to render Sherlock into a shuddering puddle.
for you,” Sherlock told him simply, bluntly, and grinned, a large, smug, rather flirtatious grin. A grin that faltered when John did nothing but gape at him, motionless, with his blood running hot and his cock twitching to life. “Don’t… you… don’t you want that? I thought—Is it the
..." John mumbled, heating up at his words but smiling in amusement. “Here, I'll show you... it was... it was like this...” He leaned toward him, pushed up onto his tiptoes and gave Sherlock's cheek the briefest, softest of kisses. He was mad. He was absolutely mad. “See? Not... uh, not unprofessional at all really. Just friendly. We're friends now. Just... um...”
Letting his head go back against him, Sherlock sighed aloud, privately relishing in John’s tone vibrating through him, “She’ll frame it…”
distraction,” he murmured, riveted by the flex and tug of John’s fingers, and how he straightened up with a rolling bunch of his shoulders.
John sighed and shook his head in sweet compassion, “My poor thing,” he whispered, slowly running his knuckles under the soft waistband of Sherlock's pyjamas and feeling a thick, all-consuming pulse of excitement as he admired the miles of perfect, bare skin before him. Then more still when he pushed the trousers down narrow hips and muscled thighs, until he was freeing Sherlock's flaccid cock.
John smirked in reply and picked up his own plate of toast, “Should we set up the basket in the living room then?”
“Nothing,” Sherlock murmured, sniffing and squirming close once he had yanked on John’s socks. “I can’t plan anything with this headache.”
’ exactly,” Greg replied, “I mean, I constantly have to stick up for you two at work. People have been assuming things about the both of you, separately and together, since the very beginning! Bets are going on, rumours, gossip, theories, it’s honestly ridiculous! - I didn’t think Sherlock was your type in all honesty, whenever I did entertain the thought that you were so inclined.” He glanced at an aghast, affronted, sneering Sherlock. “No offence intended, of course. I just thought John’s type was more... charming and short and less sarcastic.”
John hummed, glancing down at her hand with a gaze Sherlock couldn’t read as he held the handle of the blue lead out to him. Once he’d taken it, John slipped his freed hand into Sherlock’s and smiled at them both, exuding a smug aura, “Well, we won’t keep you any longer,” he said. “Merry Christmas!”
“He wants to hear how desperate you are,” Greg ordered with a nod in John’s direction, calm, collected, and unexpectedly devilish. He leaned down to put his lips to Sherlock’s ear, the tip of his nose nuzzling at a small soft cluster of glossy coils, and eyes hooded, dark, and focused. John couldn’t believe it was the same man who had earlier been so unsure and befuddled. “He
“No, that's very true,” John nodded with a resigned sigh. “I'll be the one washing your jizzy pants from now on, eh?”
John took a further ten minutes, having a quick shave before he headed upstairs, but not until he hesitated at the glass door to Sherlock’s room. When he saw John’s shadow approaching the glass Sherlock held his breath, waiting for something to happen, only for him to leave shortly after. Exhaling in a rush, Sherlock scowled, unsure if he was disappointed or relieved nothing had come of it, and looked at himself again, touching his face, ruffling a hand through his hair, and finally hanging up his gown. He took a moment to think, to calm down, to try and compose his thoughts and stop his bodily trembling, then went to wait for John in the living room, pacing and tapping the dog photo.
sex?” John interrupted with a forming scowl, glancing over to where his robe was hanging, tempted to head over and reach for it. To cover his nakedness. To put a barrier between them so he could think, so he could digest what was happening. The swirl of anger, now mixed with confused arousal, was still present. Still throbbing throughout him. "I thought you were '
John opened his mouth to call back but paused, glanced back to Sherlock's bedroom, at the lack of movement, and silently went back, glaring even as he leaned over and gave Sherlock's lips a hot, sweet kiss, tapping his leg, “
a messy eater sometimes,” the landlady said as she finished, only to swipe at a curl that had fallen into his face. It bounced against his temple, rebounding to tickle him. “Crackers?”
“Orion can have some,” Sherlock added, idly scooping up the gravy on his plate, just to watch it drip through his fork. “He can eat out of his new bowl.”
anything. I keep myself to myself, you know that - I can just tell from the look in both of your eyes! You practically smoulder! It's almost
it is.” He looked down at John’s hands and his expression softened, then dropped in diffidence, leaning back on his heels. “You don’t
“In this case, I don’t mind repetition,” Sherlock told him, turning to slide the tip of his nose against John’s earlobe.
The lights from the Christmas tree were blanketing them both, were speckling the side of Sherlock’s face, chest, juddering stomach, and the long dribbling, swaying line of pre-ejaculate, in colour, “
,” he said, channelling Sherlock as much as his drunken brain would, which was not much at all. In fact, he couldn't remember what Sherlock had thought, had said about the show, and knew, even before he opened his mouth that he would be making stuff up. “Jessica Fletcher was the one who did th'murders. She set 'em all up for the
Sherlock twitched at the volume and let out a croaky, confused, panicked sort of sound, hands still trying to pacify him, “I… I…” he uttered uselessly, swallowing so hard that John heard the wet click of it as Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed against his palm. John could see how dazed he was, how large his eyes remained, and couldn’t stop himself from flexing his fingers roughly, feeling a sick delight pierce through him at Sherlock’s responding fidgeting. His bare feet stepping on and against John’s own. "I was... was just..."
! Oh, I see,” Sherlock whispered as he was gently adjusted, his eyes stuck on how John’s hands supported and stroked his sternum.
. Because of this, she now thinks she has permission to do anything she pleases – Granted, she owns the building, but we are paying for this space! We own it. This is
“Okay, brilliant...yeah. Okay,” John mumbled, feeling sympathetically embarrassed for him, just slightly suspicious, and oddly smug. “Well, I'll go jump in the shower while you order for us then?”
Sherlock huffed shakily, trying to ineffectively smother a wanton, grunt of desire, “I... I’ve been in your room while you were dreaming before. My presence
“Still beautiful,” John responded, smoothing a palm to cradle the back of Sherlock's neck as he could tugged him down to connect their lips once more, this time flicking out his tongue to gently probe. Wetting the seam of Sherlock's mouth until he accepted John in and allowed their tongues to meet for the first time that night. John moaned softly, eyes fluttering closed and other hand stroking Sherlock's abdomen, up to his chest, then low over his hips, unable to stop caressing the velvety skin of Sherlock's body.
Once the fizzing climax had ended, John collapsed beside Sherlock and kissed the sharp blades of his shoulders, shaking with exertion, holding him tightly in his arms, “Are you okay?” he questioned, poking Sherlock's heel with his toes.
! Yes, make… make me come!” John wasn’t quite ready for the stiffening seizing way in which Sherlock’s body abruptly trapped him, nor the raw, deafening, cry of ecstasy as Sherlock came again, splattering the floor, the wall, in noisy, thick spurts.
He sank into the affection easily and with eager need, arms coming up to encircle about him, plucking at John’s jumper, “Let me see you,” he gasped, sounding close to tears and breathless with emotion. John didn’t fuss or focus on it, knew that Sherlock would react unkindly to such pestering. “John, let me… let me
They argued about an abundance of things, not all of it important. Sometimes it was banter. Other times it was a rage inducing quarrel. Each time, Sherlock had watched John clench his fists and seethe, and each time he had expected a punch and sudden abandonment, things packed away in a frenzy, and then he’d felt panicked when the angry haze had dropped, spending hours waiting for John to snap, leaving the flat cold and empty.
This time, when Sherlock tilted his head and opened his jaw for a deeper, thrusting kiss, John felt a fizzle of responding want, an overpowering rush, and like that morning, despite everything he had berated himself for, had panicked about, he gave into it all, gave himself up for more heartache and trouble. Submitted to his base instincts and interests. He kissed back, pushed close, and bumped Sherlock against the door frame, knowing that the poor man would probably bruise tomorrow, but somehow wanting that, eager to be the cause of that. John couldn't and wouldn't stop, not now, and avidly pushed a hand into Sherlock's hair, groaning as he took over, took control and moved them, pressing him up against a wall beside the door.
“Maybe she should,” John said, wrapping his arms tighter about his torso. “I think I like you here.”
"It doesn't matter," John said, his fingers running down Sherlock's dressing gown, pulling gently with a happy ruffle.
and loud?” he murmured, glancing between them and then giving a breathy laugh. “It’s… quite something.”
the one that should be cursing him – I hate having my time wasted,” he mumbled. “And for nothing too.”
“Get your fingers off my cookies!” Mrs Hudson squealed from the kitchen, her voice breaking through Sherlock’s reverie.
He hated being sick, didn't know why he put himself through this pain for the sake of being intoxicated for such a short amount of time. He could barely remember the night he'd had through the pain, through the sobering up. He could have sworn he had spoken to a Santa impersonator. Hadn't he talked to Santa?
“Shut up whinging,” John said, rolling his eyes. “Okay er – when did you have your first cigarette? How old were you, I mean?”
, John. The plans are not difficult to decipher. No doubt Mrs Hudson will come up at some point, with simple, obvious gifts, mince pies and chocolate, beseeching me to play for her, to which I will concede,” Sherlock said with a sigh, annoyed he’d even been asked. What else was he to do on this dreadful day?
get back really... lots of paperwork to do and more to prepare for...” he mumbled, though he was squinting with a wince of dislike as each word left his lips. Clearly, he didn't want to go back to his life of loneliness and the blank, empty walls of his new home. “One coffee wouldn’t hurt though. I need the energy.”
John took his hand back with a squinting look of distrust, leaning in closer to Sherlock and moving to step up behind him, using him as a makeshift shield in case the pecking began, “It is good though. You saving her. It's...
“Well I got the best Christmas ever,” John said as he collected the bowls. “I’ll call a taxi in a few minutes.” As he headed towards the kitchen he planted a kiss on Sherlock’s head and gave his shoulder a comforting squeeze. The touches zipped and sparkled through him like fireworks. Sherlock couldn’t help watching him leave, stupidly pining for him regardless of the short distance.
Shrugging it off, John put the water to one side, holding out the flannel to be taken, “Fine, yeah,” he reassured, feeling a jolting flutter of butterflies at the semi-lie.
, you're both going to kill me,” John jokingly complained as he started up a slower rhythm, enough to keep Sherlock writhing as he took the two men in, soaked in the knowledge that it was happening, that he was allowed this. He had never thought of sharing himself with two, never mind them sharing themselves with him. “He loves his nipples being played with, by the way.” John nodded towards the hardened, pale pink nubs and quirked a brow, trying to convey just how much Sherlock liked being touched there with that small, fleeting movement. “Makes him all wiggly and pretty--”
“Could never replace him.” Sherlock remained against John, hiding his wet gaze and contorted mouth, until most of the residual pain and anguish had withdrawn, leaving him exhausted and generally bleak, “Thank you…”
Humming with a smile, though seeming unconvinced, Sherlock nuzzled into his jaw and then stepped away completely, “Good to know...” he nodded and after staring at him, examining him, and looking shyly down at the ground, he made a flapping gesture toward the bathroom. “Now you may bathe… I’ll… wait until you’re out for that cuppa.”
Sherlock stirred, still half asleep, as John wet his lips with a tiny rippling splash of water and then moaned, gulping down several large, gasping, messy mouthfuls, “Careful!” John reprimanded as he coughed and put the glass aside, lowering him back to the pillows. “I'll warn you now, he's a cuddler, a starfish, and the hottest person I've ever known. It's like being in bed with a combi-boiler.”
“Right—get up a moment, I’ll…take my jeans off before they chafe and…and then…then you, get yours off,” John mumbled, clearing his throat as he gestured to Sherlock’s legs. “Unless they’re not as wet—”
John lifted his head and took in Sherlock’s confused gaze and carefully replied, “…Yeah, ‘course I did.”
She waved a dismissive hand, “Oh he’s off in his bedroom currently sulking. He’s already made his opinion on all of this perfectly clear. Wouldn’t stop going on about it, in fact. Kept following me around and ranting and raving. Throwing his arms around and stomping his feet. But that’s nothing new, is it? He always finds something to whinge over. Tends to do that an
“How is the duck?” Sherlock added, glancing up at her from under his fringe to stealthily regard her joyful and expectant sweeping gaze drop to where they were now pressed from hip to knee. He could feel what was coming and tried not to rise to the bait and meet her eyes proudly.
It wasn’t until he’d kicked off his shoes, shrugged off his coat, and made quick work of opening the top buttons of his shirt as he made for the kitchen, that he noticed the window in his living room was open. He’d not left that open, had he? Reckless. Too reckless. Despite the decent neighbourhood, he always locked up before he left for work. Had he forgotten? When had he even ever opened the living room windows?
“Sherlock?” John mumbled when he could manage to pull his gaze down, to focus on what was happening now and not what may happen. What could potentially break him. “It's alright. She's --” He looked at Mrs Hudson and then laughed properly, stroking along her fingers. “She's a bit irritating but she means well.”
. It's supposed to help. Makes it so there is little to no surprises between the two, no real shocking conflict, because they already know the person they're with. Just not on a sexual level… until they do, of course.”
! I’m sorry, John, I...I don’t...I…” he stammered in a rush, face hot and heart thumping so hard, so fast, that he could feel it in his neck, in his head, in the tips of his fingers. He couldn’t look at John, couldn’t bear to see the disgust on his face. “I...don’t know what came over me. Sorry.
Standing up on wobbly legs, clutching ridiculously onto a chair to try and stay upright, John then shuffled his way towards the bar, towards this man, needing to be closer, to see him better. He almost forgot he still had hold of his glass as he reached his destination, until, of course, he awkwardly tried to climb onto a stool with it. The clunk of it hitting the wooden edge shocked him into a backwards stumble, spilling droplets of what still lingered of his pint and the warm, wet, condensation that remained dribbling down its sides over himself, wetting his already sodden sleeve and a small patch on his leg. He thought he was going to go arse over tit, was going to crash down onto his arse, his back, and be unable to ever get back up, but then the man he'd gone to see, gone to stare at, and discover leaned over and assisted him back towards the bar. The man took the pint glass from his curled fingers, lifted it to the bar, onto a coaster, out of the way of destruction and offered his arm and his elbow for John. John was fine though. John didn't need that sort of help. He didn't deserve that. Yet he appreciated it through his alcohol-clogged mind, knew how it felt being on the other side, being the sober one, being the one to pick up the pieces.
“What did you take? I don’t recall noticing anything missing nor covered in dog hair,” Sherlock said in curiosity.
“I don’t mind it. Orion was a huntsman from Greek mythology, yes? Though he owned dogs too, if I remember correctly,” Sherlock mumbled.
“If he doesn’t, it’s fine. You...you were the first person he saw, you could just--” Sherlock pressed into John’s back as a whining bark cut him off and a woman with thick framed glasses and vibrant red hair, tied up in a high ponytail, walked through the open doorway, leading an excited, bouncing, sniffing, panting puppy by a blue slip lead. When the pup caught the scent of John, his dark ears pricking as he turned his head in his direction, he went wild with delight.
…” John muttered and, after blinking hard to sever their eye contact, looked down at Sherlock’s displayed penis. It was pinker than it had been previously, thickening and extending, the bow of black lace complimenting and shifting as it swelled, tightening on the plumping base. “Yeah… yeah alright, I’ll…
want us to stop, lift your left leg into the air,” he told him after several seconds had passed, watching Sherlock's lower half intently for so much as a flinch of dislike. There was none. All Sherlock did was curl and flex his toes in evident excitement.
“Ah, good. Glad to hear it,” Mrs Hudson chimed in, smiling widely and pointing upwards, causing Sherlock to glance at the hanging plant with a blink. “Don’t forget that it’s bad luck
Santa chortled and nodded, “Yes. Mrs Santa. - We talked and it was awkward and stilted and we weren't sure how to take it to the next step but…
with you," John disclosed, letting himself be pressed bodily against Sherlock's naked side. "And that's
her, I will make sure she poos on your chair,” Sherlock muttered petulantly, following the turkey as she walked around the living room, pecking at a few things. “She won’t be here for very long. Perhaps another hour or two. - You’re acting like she’s some rabid wolf that I've just dropped at your feet! She's a turkey!”
you are – and you’re actually quite easy on the eyes. Always known you were on the handsome side, but now I really think about it and
“Yeah well, I've cut back on the caffeine at work as it was making me too jittery,” John said, letting his arms slip down, watching as they diverted, as if with a mind of their own, to wrap around Sherlock's waist. “I, uh, I
... as well as... the... the other thing. - I'd... I'd be willing to try and let you fuck me if you don't want to be fucked basically...”
have. You’re thorough. You would have double checked, triple checked, that I’d be interested in this, otherwise you’d not be this confident.”
“Are you trying to tell me that you love me?” Sherlock breathed with a short laugh and a dazzling, if unsure and wonky, grin. He lifted his eyebrows and leaned closer still, bumping their noses together. “Because I already knew that, John. I already knew and, yes,
Looking back over his shoulder, trying to follow Sherlock’s retreating back, John twisted and almost fell to the floor, deafened by his own thoughts, his own heart beat. It had been so miniscule but he could already feel the want to try again, to document it properly, completely. As he listened to the low thud of Sherlock's footsteps as he walked away, snagging mistletoe as he went, Mrs Hudson stepped up to him and tittered, touching his hand. She said something, but he couldn’t hear her, couldn’t even be bothered to try. It was bad. It wasn’t okay.
isn’t for you, and you want to tap out at any time, we understand. Take a minute if you need one or just leave entirely. We won't hold it against you,” he reiterated with a low, soft tone, hopefully, soft enough not to be heard by Sherlock. He wasn’t interested in prompting another sulk. Pressing a feather-light supportive kiss to the corner of Greg’s mouth, John smiled, feeling bolstered by the returning purse. “You do you, as they say.”
Sherlock swallowed loudly at that, eyelids lowering, “Don't be ridiculous.That isn’t strictly true,” he said in a mumble. “You are a strong man, John. Strong in mind and in body. In will. I have full confidence that you would be... fine without me.” Reaching up, he pressed several fingers to John’s mouth to prevent protest in a playful mimicry of what John had done to him, and gave a wonky, small smile, shaking his head. “I
John just continued to smile that smile and sipped his tea again, “Hold your hand out, and I’ll give it to you.”
positive that Mrs Hudson won’t come up. She may find a reason to, of course, but I’m hoping the sedative I dropped in her tea would have already mellowed her restless, hassling, nosy mind by now to prevent that.”
“I… I think I will,” John replied with a high level of certainty, giving it another look as Greg got comfortable, feeling a sympathy twinge in his own shaft. Had he put up with ignoring it so often that it barely registered? John felt infuriated and sorrowful at the thought. “I like Sherlock's, and I… I can make an expect assumption on what it might be like given the balance of your body. - Anyway, it’s not all about the look of your dick. That whole dominant thing you did really,
There were no presents at least. The table under the tree only had a plate of half-finished biscuits, which Sherlock had been making his way through for the past few hours before the sun rose, and their usual mess of laptops, papers and used mugs. John was awake now – he could hear him wandering around in his room upstairs – and already making his way down to the kitchen. He hadn't bothered to change this morning then.
John humming non-committally in response to her, still entirely focussed on Sherlock, he tried to get a grip on himself, feeling embarrassed and ashamed, “Mrs Hudson, would you give us a minute? I need to… speak with him,” he uttered, but he wasn’t going to speak with him, he couldn’t speak with him. What would he say? He wasn’t good at those kinds of talks, not unless he was drunk, and even then he couldn’t quite grasp it. How could he explain his thoughts to Sherlock either, if they were contradictory, when they were somewhat incoherent?
John bumped and nudged him until Sherlock lowered his head to his shoulder, then kissed his temple, basking in the scent of him, of their combined lust and musk. The golden afterglow of his orgasm was already waning, but Sherlock's seemed to be endless, so John made sure to stroke, sweep and rub at his skin, keeping him warm and secure whilst he enjoyed his post-orgasmic haze.
,” Sherlock told him, turning and crossing his legs to, a wonky, tight smile coming over him as he looked back at John, his cheeks very darkly flushed. “So, white whine with Thai. Good. Perfect.”
“Jo---John,” Sherlock sucked in a harsh ragged breath and dropped his forehead forward against John’s as the rocking shifting continued.
“I didn’t come here for cases,” Sherlock drawled. “I don’t expect you to have them neatly filed in the corner of your frankly sad excuse for a bookshelf.” He shot a glance at it with distaste and then took another gulp of tea. “And Mrs Hudson is in. She’s just asleep. One of her ‘early nights.’”
John sighed and flushed, vibrating, put on the spot with an unhelpfully blank mind and a cowering confidence, “What… what we
John turned back to him, but he kept the biscuit hidden behind his back, his lips cocked in a mischievous manner, “It might.”
In the beginning, when John had been unused to what Sherlock needed, confusion had arisen by Sherlock's un-aroused state. They'd spent ages the first time kissing and touching one another, John himself had been hard as a rock, leaking steadily into his bottoms, but Sherlock had been more or less entirely limp. It took a few times, and some awkward conversations, before he'd figured it out. Realised Sherlock was different, of course. He didn't work the same way as John. He needed to be brought to hardness with a love and care, the things Sherlock was always so embarrassed about. John had no qualms in doing it then and none now, months in to their change, their growth.
Sherlock wanted to kiss him again, and kiss him hard, passionately, and without pause but he reigned it in, “All right,” he conceded, unable to see any downside if the puppy knew him by smell already.
out?” Santa chuckled, spitting out some of his beer. It glistening like stars from his beard, like fairy dust. “She was a little old lady!”
He watched John nod with some delight and then reached down to tap Sherlock’s clavicle with his index finger, signalling him to lean up with a sweeping hand motion. It took a bit, a few seconds or so at least before Sherlock pushed his way through the fog of want that was clearly clogging up his mind. Once he’d moved and shifted enough, Greg took the other arm to handcuff both wrists behind his arching back.
Their sealed mouths muffled Sherlock’s next several outcries and progressively loud screams of exhilaration, and Greg hummed in pure enjoyment, peeking through his lashes as Sherlock’s cock went rigid and increasingly engorged, spilling copiously up his shaking stomach in strong, arcing lines. John couldn't tear his eyes away. Their kiss was ferocious in a way John had never witnessed, elongating Sherlock’s orgasm for a minute longer than what was usual. He pulsed over John’s hand soaking his skin, the sleeve of his jumper and the bedsheets. It was maddening. Perfect yet maddening. Not something John was satisfied with, he needed more.
Sherlock’s eyebrows jumped up for a moment in bemusement and then he squinted, slowly closing the distance between them again, “What did she give you?”
Greg took another handful of messy, errant curls for a momentary tug and smiled, “Oh hush up,” he replied and covered Sherlock’s snarling mouth with his other hand. He received a sharp glare for his trouble, but Sherlock didn’t fight him, merely began breathing hard through his nose. “You patently liked what was being said. Don’t you want to give some of it a try? - Edging is different with company. Probably more enjoyable.”
“She’s been a better friend to me than some,” Sherlock retorted peevishly and stroked down the bird’s long neck as she made a few clucks. “And I couldn’t just
so,” John replied, worry seeping into his honest smile. “Come on, let’s sit you down. I’ll sort out the dessert.”
“Is… is it not good?” John asked, his smile gone now, replaced with uncertainty and a loss of confidence.
“Yes,” Sherlock said again, eye twitching, smile stretching his face, digging into his cheeks. She smiled back as she scanned the last of the items and told him the price, putting it in the bag. Sherlock waved his card at her and tried not to snatch the card reader when it was held out in response. “Straight home now, John.”
Shivering, Sherlock watched him for a second under his brows, and then turned to take the red bowl out of the microwave, searching for the brandy butter, trying to calm his lusting body down, “I suppose we can take Orion's new lead with us when we leave.”
Greg’s coloured cheeks got a shade darker yet he shook his head with an indecisive cough to clear his throat, “No, that’s, um, that’s all right. I don’t think I can or should go that far tonight. I’m fine,” he said. “It’s all good.”
,” Sherlock said, pretending to wipe his brow of sweat and bowing his head in modest amusement, cheeks hurting from how broad his grin had grown. He felt like an idiot and probably looked like one too. The chuckle that emerged from John’s lips was worth it though, as was the almost full body nudge.
“My jeans need to come off, definitely, and your trousers too, I think,” John muttered as he reached a hand down to tug at where they plastered wetly to his skin, grimacing. “But my socks are fine. Shockingly, I had enough foresight to wear my boots…you on the other hand, knew exactly where we were going, but wore your stupid posh shoes.”
“Mmhm.” John gave a solemn nod and a hard swallow, feeling his eyes water, his chest go tight and head hurt with flashing memories of Sherlock's face, his eyes, his smile, his snorting giggles. “S'my
‘Pictures are not enough though. I’ve grown to love you from the stories John tells me, and I can’t wait to meet you. You’ll be the best Christmas present ever!’
“Oh I know that one already,” Sherlock dismissed with a smug grin, fingers stroking and rubbing and squeezing at the base of John’s cock, angling him to better smear the head along the top of his opening mouth.
It hadn't been him. It had been the act. Plenty of acts could illicit such a reaction. It was only natural. No feelings involved at all. Not one bit.
The taxi drove on without John having to say a word, and, after a few moments, John reached out to take his hand, “I had a dog once.”
“You probably noticed the red bowl in the fridge?” Mrs Hudson called. “Just heat it up in the microwave. Only a store bought one I’m afraid, but I made my own brandy butter, and there’s ice cream and custard as well.”
“Yeah… and the least smelly,” John added, leaning slightly, guardedly, into Sherlock's body heat, enjoying the earthy smell of the outdoors that clung to him. “I'm... I'm glad that you didn't let her get killed. I am. I'm sorry I was so... negative and... yeah, it's good, Sherlock. You did good. - Even with the... the dinner idea. The special, if weird, way in which you planned it... picking the turkey out personally and keeping up to date with the health and... yeah, that was nice of you.”
be here, whether it's to send a text, to protect you in a gun battle or to force you to eat at least one vegetable from your plate. I will always be at your side.”
There were more at the bottom, of course. Needle drivers, suction tubes, one specula, surgical scissors, retractors, tongs, several test tubes, pipettes, forceps, and a handful of watch glasses. All of which needed washing. All of which had been lingering in the bottom of their wash basin for far longer than they should have been lingering, far before the bowls, plates, mugs, spoons, forks, knives and pans that had been dumped atop of them. John sighed through is nose, hardly surprised but still a bit miffed at the number of things that Sherlock could have washed days ago, and got to work on them, shifting his weight from side to side to the still churning song that filled his mind, that somehow took hold of his hips for a slightly out of rhythm, shimmying sway. It made things a bit better. Took the mindless boredom of the washing up and eased the tension in his arms, brightened his mood, keeping it from dipping too low.
, no,” Sherlock mumbled, pressing his lips to more and more areas of John’s face, though always going back to his mouth, always introducing a new kiss with new pressure, with a building need.
John choked on a gasp and thrust in almost viciously, the rippling spasm of Sherlock’s muscles and the rake of Greg’s teeth, more than he could bear. He came deep into him, coating the condom which separated them with a shudder and a groan. His vision went hazy, his head spun, and he was left violently trembling, body collapsing into Greg’s curling arms.
“I know someone,” Sherlock told him quietly, not looking at all pleased with John and his responses, his reactions, though his glower was weakened when the turkey gave his curls a bit of a peck. “I know
,” Sherlock drawled and shrugged when John span around with a cringing groan of humiliated despair. “I couldn’t exactly
adeptly. Conforming perfectly to every line, every bump and lump.” He chuckled briefly and then looked at him, cheeks still red, fingers curling and pulling him so he was standing between Sherlock's spread legs. “You fill them well.”
John laughed, bright and full of energy, and pulled Sherlock, twisting him with strong arms, so he could hold Sherlock properly. Sherlock’s head held protectively against his shoulder as his arms held him close to his chest. Despite what might have been an embarrassing cradling, it was glorious. He never wanted to leave, to get up and move. It felt right, perfect, to be clutched so near to John, surrounded by his heat and smell, face pushed into the soft, pleasant weave of his jumper. Sherlock was extremely thankful that John had opted to wear it. It did nothing to irritate his sensitive skin like some of the others had when he’d held them up to his cheek whilst John had been at work.
many, Mrs Hudson?” he asked lowly, while secretly wanting more. The more the better. He wanted every second of their new relationship to be documented, tangibly. He wanted to fill the wing in his Mind Palace with it all.
“We are not having this conversation—why are you rubbing your face against me?” John frowned, peeking down at Sherlock and getting a nose full of wet curls.
Once the car door was closed the taxi drove off, undoubtedly to pick up his next overly charged customer, leaving them both to stare at the shelter together, “They would have opened ten minutes ago,” John said as he looked at his watch. He pulled his gloves off a moment later and stuffed them in his pocket, holding out his now bare hand to Sherlock. “Ready?”
“How does he expect to get away with pretending to be cold then?” Greg remarked, magnetised by Sherlock’s hair once again and ruffling through it with some relish.
Sherlock watched his own fingers untangling and falling from John’s top as he moved away, “In a bit,” he breathed, waiting until John had gone before he took a deep breath, turned, and stared at his own reflection. He looked stricken and white, eyes still wide, lips parted and slightly flushed and wet from the kiss. The second kiss. John had kissed him back. After a second, alone and shaking, he was hit with niggling uncertainty and walked to the mantel to peer at his eyes up close, checking his pupils for any sign that it was all, instead, a figment of his imagination from a drugged haze. Happy with the size of them, and his memory, Sherlock walked shakily from the living room and shut himself away in his room, leaning against the door.
“My clever detective,” John moaned in response, kissing every part of Sherlock's face he could reach. “My incredible, clever
With a quick look, Sherlock eyed John’s quirked mouth, recognising it as what it was with sudden precision and feeling a rapid pooling of heat, thinking about the implications of his words, “Yes,” he agreed, finding his voice a little hoarse. John grinned but said nothing, simply leaning into him and squeezing his fingers as Orion and the poodle played. Sherlock, knowing he had to warn him about the clear and future implications and actions, tapped his hand, giving a thin smile at John’s questioning eyebrow twitch. “... I don’t know how I’ll react. I’ve not shared the bed with another person before. Not like
Sherlock dug his heels in, not wanting to approach any further, and stared at the floor, at the puppy’s paws, as Judith gave sigh of glee, “I’m
“Mm...” John nodded slightly, giving a tight, unsure smile, not certain what he thought of it exactly. He couldn't keep his eyes from it, that was for sure. “It's
“Oh...” Santa muttered and shuffled awkwardly, coughing. Looking into his drink in thought. “And did – did he want
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock sighed, thrusting his plate in John’s direction with an eager smile. “Thank you, John.” John chuckled and placed the slices on it – and a little extra – before moving the cracker from his plate and setting his share on it. The duck still bore much of its meat, but that would be spared for later.
Torn between staring back and watching how his hands enveloped them, skin slicked wet, Sherlock mewled softly in fervor and swiped a deft thumb over their sensitive heads, mixing the fluid there with a lustful, slightly possessive baring of his teeth, “
,” he admitted quietly, thinking about how John had grabbed him in Mrs Hudson’s kitchen, how he had tasted and felt in that moment, how he’d been set ablaze by the passion. How he’d wanted more. A lot more.
.” John stumbled, “the er – anal stuff. I'm… I'm willing to give it a go, but I understand if you're not interested. It doesn't really matter. We've done just fine without any kind of...
“Well that’s a shame,” Greg said, rising to his feet. “I think John might have thought he’d have a chance if you weren’t.”
When the kiss ended, Sherlock turned his head away to rest their temples together, breathing heavily, and then turned to suddenly begin dotting John’s face with tender, quivering pecks as if in a trance, “You smell like sick people…” he mumbled casually, as if they weren’t pressed together in the centre of the room, as if wasn’t taking hold of John, cradling his jaw, and turning his head this way and that to expose more skin for him to smear his hot mouth against.
going digging for worms...” John replied in a mumble, frowning as he searched through his bags and then the cupboards, to what had been left, “But... I have a bag of mixed nuts and sunflower seeds? She can eat them, right?” He fished around on one of the many shelves, knocking a few things to one side, and arched up onto his toes with a grunt before he pulled out a small bag from the back with a hum of success. Opening it after checking the best by date, not that it really mattered when it came to nuts and seeds, he poured into a small dish. “This
Closing the door behind him and shrugging off his coat, John looked around suspiciously for any more, for anything worse, and then headed up the stairs, noticing more above the top step when he reached the landing. He eyed it, looked at its placement, glanced down the steps, and wondered how on earth Mrs Hudson had managed without falling and breaking her neck, not liking how close it was to the sharp decline when he imagined her balancing on her old rickety ladders. Surely it wasn’t with it just to put up a bit of foliage?
“You loved every moment, so shut it,” Greg replied with a sigh, combing his fingers across Sherlock’s scalp and tucking his palm under the back of his head. “And you
don’t take them down,” Mrs Hudson beseeched them with a frown and a sigh, giving John glance of mild disappointment, as if she expected better of him, as if she expected him to side with her. “I think they look nice. And they’re a fun tradition!”
“You're not interested by the bells of Jingle kind?” John giggled, having no clue what he was talking about but knowing he had to say something to keep the mood light and in no way thick and awkward and bursting with palpable tension.
“Of course,” Greg smirked, taking a comfortable and relaxing inhale. “I’ll just sleep in my pants too, it’s fine.”
John chuckled and shook his head, “Sorry, Mrs Hudson,” he said, pressing his brow against Sherlock’s shoulder, his arms still wrapped around Sherlock’s neck.
“One of your under shirts that I was going to put through the wash,” John replied. “It was one of your new ones, so I just bought another.”
” John insisted, mouth dry, wanting to curl up in mortification. What was he saying? “Because of the...
As he was brought over the toilet once more, he caught sight of his hand, of a blurry mess of black that was smudged near his wrist, and he quickly squinted at it, bringing it over as he wiped his mouth on some toilet roll. Without the bathroom light being on it was difficult to focus, to make out what the words said, but thankfully after a moment of wincing, shaking, and bringing his hand inches from his nose, he was able to read what the man had written there.
“Not many left, I see,” Greg stated with a chuckle as he took a line of four out, pulling one loose to throw towards the bed while John struggled with the buttons of his shirt.
Returning his focus to the present, phantoms images of his desires ebbing away in the back of his mind, John bobbed his head, humming around the head of Sherlock's stiffening cock and resting his tongue against the frenulum. He circled it then with the point of his tongue, before flattening it out and brushing across the sensitive band of tissue in repetitive, teasing waves. Sherlock's length give a warning throb in reaction and John let it fall from his mouth, careful not to let their evening end too soon without the proper relief that Sherlock craved.
miss you,” he admitted breathlessly, voice so quiet it was almost inaudible, each word enunciated against John’s tingling lips between their sucking kisses.  "And it was... rather vital that I... see you after...
John gasped at Sherlock's words and that was all it took, no way he would be able to hold back now. Eyes flying open, John moaned loudly and bucked up his hips as his cock pulsed and throbbed, taking two more rough tugs before he was coming with a bitten off scream, spurting up his abdomen and across Sherlock's hand in long, thick strands. Removing his hands from Sherlock, still in the middle of his orgasm, John moved them to his stomach and scooped up his ejaculate, putting one handful across Sherlock's shaft, which he massaged and stroked, whilst the other he rubbed into Sherlock's stomach, chest and finally his nipples, running his fingers ran across the swollen nubs, coating them and tugging and flicking and pinching.
Greg blinked out of his daze, nose and mouth pressing into the side of Sherlock’s angled head, “Me? Won’t he want you to do it?” he asked over Sherlock’s boisterous keening, adjusting his hold with a hand skimming the moisture he’d left behind. Sherlock arched into it as much as he could and groaned desperately, eyes rolling up and muscles giving their familiar tightening around John’s fingers. He looked out of it. Succumbed to the building spike and twisting ache of his nearing climax. “You and he--”
“...Yes,” he replied and gave John’s mouth a fleetingly glance as he reached up with a long arm to get down another dish and fill with water, all without moving too far from John. “She'll be thirsty too.”
John took a deep and sobering breath, “So,” he repeated, feeling the tendrils of some sort of crisis clawing at his insides. “I…I’m probably not…you know, entirely straight—given the evidence at…or, well, in your hand, heh.”
“Which is why I was so careful about your present,” John said with a reminiscent, mischievous smile as he revealed a soft yet durable duck toy. Sherlock shot him a half-hearted, grouchy glare in response, disgruntled at being so blind and out of the loop for so long.
John smiled in response, heart surging with strong, dizzying feelings for the silly man who lay blushing beneath him, “Whenever you're ready to tell me. Whatever you want. I'll give it to you,” he promised as he returned to Sherlock's thickening shaft, licking away the first bead of pre-come which had gathered.
Sherlock scoffed, “He’s had lots of practice,” he murmured, pressing closer beside them, hands fisted in his cloak of plush folds. His fringe was a mess of dark, fluffy curls and he was narrowly peering between the two of them, both with a faint intrigue and suspicious unease. “And I don’t mean with just me.”
! He will learn as he plays. He can’t be left to wallow in boredom, John,” Sherlock told him. “He’s a working dog, an energetic dog, he needs
Sherlock, after initially flinching at the noise she had made, blinked widely, trying to fight off the oncoming sleep that had crept, unbeknownst to him, over his mind and through his body in the short moments previously, and lifted his head, “Mrs Hudson,” he half slurred. “Don’t start...”
John cackled, stepping back and away to really look at Sherlock, which only set him off again, “Oh for Christ's sake, they're carollers, they're not
Suspicious, Sherlock craned his neck and tried to both read his lips and strain his senses for more information, “Obviously,” he replied to Mrs Hudson in a whisper. “I wasn’t expecting them right this moment...”
“No, you can’t chase it,” Sherlock told him, bending to keep Orion back, grinning as the pup whined and jumped, trying to get over the barrier of Sherlock’s hand. “No, no. It’s not worth it.”
Another card followed John's, “I do understand the worry,” he murmured. “I do not want to ruin things either. - But I’ve
“They aren’t that old, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock told her reaching across to take her arms in his hands, soothingly rubbing and stroking down to her elbows to give them a pat. “They’re fine. You’re fine.”
John smiled brightly back at him and pulled him close, releasing his hand only to wrap his arm around Sherlock’s back. Grateful for the open invitation and clear permission to get as close as he wanted, or rather dared, Sherlock lowered his head to John’s shoulder, watching how his Adam’s apple bobbed, how still gloriously tanned his skin looked, covered in a cluster or two of faint freckles. He hated himself for not doing anything sooner, for not being smart enough, quick enough, for not spotting the signs or perhaps not believing them. If he had known, if only he’d known, he’d have been this close, this warm, this wanted, before. Wouldn’t he?
'” John countered, immensely enjoying winding Sherlock up the more and more he flushed. The more he gaped in offence and sank into his duvet cocoon. The bastard deserved it. “You mostly scream when I have my tongue up your arse or my mouth on your cock.” He felt a burn of sudden mortification at the incited vulgar and abrupt response. The overly detailed description wasn’t needed, at all, yet he couldn’t find it in himself to take it back.
John felt a pang of sympathy towards him. Greg deserved much better than the cards he’d been dealt, so much better. It was, obviously, one of the main reasons he had asked Mike if Greg could come to the renewal. John had thought that he’d just needed some time with his friends to remind him that he still had them, still had people who cared for him – even if his ex-wife didn't – and to, of course, show him how relationships were meant to be, to open his eyes to the difference of what love really was.
John narrowed his eyes in suspicion again, at the thought that Santa might actually know Sherlock and that John would somehow sabotage things, make things awkward, “Er – his name is – Holm – Holmerrr –
– it's that I don't want to lose this if it goes wrong. Everything we've built together. The home, the work, the little family unit we have. I
"Possibly." Pushing several hot kisses to John’s neck, ear and temple, Sherlock swayed them sideways and shuffled John away from his chair, “You don’t smell particularly bad today, even after such an
. Even if… we… you know… if we spend some time… some time apart for whatever reason. I need you to know that I’ll
Sherlock clenched his toes to stop an intense shudder running through him and swallowed, glancing at the dog gifts, at the new socks, and then to the door towards the kitchen, “I...don’t
, John, I’d displace all my hard work.” He sighed with a forming scowl and quickly held up his hand when John stammered and animatedly swept his arm around, ready to start repeating himself, ready to lecture, ready to ramble. John was somewhat thankful that Sherlock had stopped the tirade. He was sure that whatever it had been, wouldn't have made much sense. “Why do you
“We’ll be out of your hair shortly, Mrs Hudson,” John said, his voice a little rough. “We’ll have to leave fairly soon if we want to get to the shelter when it opens.”
“No. It's true,” John told him, as candidly as he could manage to Greg's slackening and shocked face.
Sherlock grunted out breathlessly at the praise, pressing his waist up as John bent to kiss prominent hipbones, “
,” Sherlock replied and gave John’s lower back a tickling caress as exposed himself and slipped the soft, hardened skin of his growing erection up the crease of John's arse. "
a coward… I just don't want to be pecked, thank you very much!” John exclaimed, but of course he let Sherlock take his hand, thrilled at the touch, in fact. Adored how Sherlock's long fingers wrapped around his wrist. “I swear, if I end up with a bloodied stump it'll be your fault.”
,” he exhaled in a rush, curse mingling with Sherlock’s noisy humming and mewling and howling, caught as he was between the fraying, vibrating line of pain and pleasure, within the bindings of oversensitivity, wrists still cuffed. “This is…”
“Yeah, I get it,” John smiled reassuringly, “I was the same way at first. Everything was strange and new, I kept comparing it to other sexual experiences but – the best way to do this is to forget everything else. Just be in the moment, do what you want to do.”
Sherlock suddenly shuffled around somewhere to his side, a heat of presence that slithered just inches from his arm, and so John let Greg’s waist go to reach for him, petting what he could of the man’s bunched duvet to appease the constant need for attention he forever harboured. His focus was mainly on Greg, on the open-mouthed, utterly filthy kiss, on sucking Greg’s bottom lip into his mouth with a soft moan, but he knew better than to ignore Sherlock completely.
John blinked twice in astonishment and then stepped back, tugging his hand away from Sherlock's throat with a nervous shake. His cock twitched in response, starting to plump against his left thigh and growing to an almost full erection in such a dizzying rush that John felt slightly woozy. Another shock. Another irritant. Another thing working against him. John blamed it on the raising scent of musk, of the heat between them and not the pent up growing fondness which had been surreptitiously growing wildly between them for months. Something he'd tried to ignore.
The ends of Sherlock’s mouth twitched tersely and he first looked down at his knee, then over at Greg with a steady, unreadable gaze, “Your evidence?”
, I'll try not to squeal too loudly when you accidentally cause some nerve lesions then,” John groused, yet he was already relaxing into the sofa, indulging in the sensation of Sherlock's hands on him. It was incredibly comforting, to have Sherlock's weight against him – his hands on his body – his breath on his neck, it was as if John was surrounded by him. It made him feel safe. Made him feel warm. Made him feel stronger things that he daren't look too deeply at, even if he should. Even though he already knew about them.
“Alright, alright,” John placated quickly, reaching for Sherlock's arm and flinching when Sherlock pulled away with a scoff, shifting his stance, hands going on his hips. “We can take them down, okay? I'll help you take them down.”
of these should work,” he mumbled, frowning at the labels of each with a tilted head. “I don’t really think it matters which…”
“Never again,” John agreed with a firm nod, his own demeanour gaining a sharper edge. It soon vanished, however, when Orion started batting his paws at John’s hands and twisted back onto his stomach.
“Jam,” Sherlock intoned, focusing on a tucked up spider in the far right corner. It had spun itself a small web in its hidey hole and had settled quite happily, legs poking out only a little as it laid in wait for a meal on wings to pass it by.
“Only in this situation though,” he said around a bark of laughter, becoming more and more at ease with the entire situation now that he’d found something to focus on, something to both bring him closer to them and put him at a distance. “Not when we’ve been on crime scenes. Can’t actually,
The kettle clicked off and John finished making the teas, “I know you told me not to, but I got you something.”
“I packed some essentials for the first week or so,” Ryan chipped in bringing the paper bag over, though keeping it out of Orion’s reach as he started to sniff at it.
.” He paused, making sure Sherlock was paying attention, and ploughed on before Sherlock had the chance to interrupt. “I know you don’t have much experience with friends –
need,” John muttered, his head ducked as they walked the short distance to the table Mrs Hudson had covered in bowls of roast potatoes, parsnips and carrots, peas, sprouts, plates of stuffing, a just of steaming gravy, and the roasted duck sitting at the very end, a sharp knife ready for carving.
" he told him under his breath and slipped his hand inside to take John's cock in hand, to squeeze and stroke him, jittery with want. John let him, let him do what he wanted to him, and watched, hands gripping at his own knees as Sherlock took him clumsily to the brink of orgasm, then over it, then beyond it. "
"Do you want to read through everything, or do you want to just sign the papers?" John asked, indicating the forms that had been filled out save for the signature box at the bottom.
Sherlock blinked at it, finding his hands suddenly unsteady, and swallowed, staring at the photo, re-reading the letter, and then looking up at John, “A...dog,” he found himself uttering, voice a strange, wonky, strained whisper. The world around him tilted, went quiet, tunnelling on the weight of the papers in his hands and the expression on John’s face. His heart throbbed hard, throat closing, as he gaped at John, at the smile still on his face, at the glint in his eyes, at the anticipating lift of his brow, and then the sudden furrowing of his forehead.
“Good to know,” Sherlock whispered and stretched, arching off the bed to undress, throwing his clothes into a messy pile on the floor, entire pinked and sweaty skin displayed. “I should plan ahead for these things… keep my things ejaculate free…”
“Oi! Do you mind?” John complained, snagging Sherlock’s coattail in one hand and then pulling roughly. “Sit down. It looks like we’ll be here a while…”
, but they still work! They still do what they were made to do. - I'm not fussy what they look like as long as they hold my tackle!”
, Sherlock,” he bit out. John internally cursed himself for not getting naked when he had the opportunity. His cock ached with the overwhelming urge to be touched, to be pressed deep where his fingers lay, caught by Sherlock’s ravenous body, even as Sherlock shook his head, stubbornly mischievous and disobedient. “
. Why? Because Sherlock Holmes had everything covered beforehand, apparently. Sherlock Holmes knows everything, except when the sky is going to open and drown anyone under it!”
,” Sarah told him, tilting her head in glee and waiting. “I won’t be seeing you Christmas day, you see, and I would
“Helpless and under you?” John asked, shivering and twisting slightly with uncertainty. “Sounds pleasant...”
“Oh, please…yes, Sherlock, please.” John’s hand dropped away as Sherlock’s long fingers encircled him, the slick wetness from his earlier release making the glide of his hand smooth and warm and dazzlingly satisfying.
“Good, isn't it?” John surged up to messily kiss him, overwhelmed with the sensations. They weren't going to last, neither of them, and it was painfully obvious, yet John continued to push and shove Sherlock, to arch up himself, to get the two of them through the pleasurable clasp of Sherlock's hand. It sent shivery pulses of passionate longing through every nerve, every neuron firing up with a frenzy of desire. “You're
.” He smiled softly at the bird, giving a soft pat on the small head. “I, um, I chose her. Out of a flock, when she was just a poult. To eat her. For Christmas dinner. As a surprise. - Weird, I must admit, but I thought it was... interesting to be involved. - But when I went to see her today, to check on her health and... to order her death… I… couldn’t do it.”
Shaking his head, John let out a chuckle, surprised he even felt the need to jump to Sherlock’s defence given his attitude, “He's not. Not really. Not
Automatically ready to decline him, Sherlock instead paused, thought about it and then gave a roguish grin, “I’d prefer some gingerbread actually…”
say that,” John admonished, though his eyes were still so very soft and alluring. He pulled away with a squeeze to Sherlock’s shoulder after a moment and turned toward the kitchen. “I’ll see you in a bit.”
At John’s weak, light-hearted anecdote to break the tension, Sherlock slowly lifted his head again and looked at John with an arched eyebrow, and John stared awkwardly into his face. Sherlock’s eyes were dark, his pupils dilated, and his cheeks were dusted with a healthy pink blush that bloomed slowly down his neck. John tried not to stare and moved his hands from Sherlock’s waist to his bare knees.
the point,” Sherlock told him, swallowing, looking away with clear aggravation, and then dropping his gaze to the floor. “You didn’t answer them all.”
The Santa reached up and pulled off said hat, inspecting the red beanie, pressing at the worn fabric, the frayed top, and then laughed again, “Okay, okay, you got me. I'm Santa in
“Here we are!” Judith laughed as she trotted over, holding the chewed shirt out to John with a sweet, flirting grin that made Sherlock glare, his building jealousy beginning to overflow. “He
Keeping his eyes on a triumphant and visibly turned on Greg, John thrust his fingers back inside Sherlock, curling them immediately to press hard and fast against his prostate, whilst he reached for his cock again, pumping in a mirroring rhythm. It felt like he’d connected a circuit, each point of contact to Sherlock’s body anchoring them all together in a rush of energy and stimulation. Greg let out a low thrumming sound from deep in his throat and tipped further into and over Sherlock, mouthing unexpectedly at the rapid pulse in his neck and groping at his toned pectorals. He even had one knee up on the edge of the bed now, eager to be participating. John felt himself pulse slickly in his pants at the resulting scrambling. He had to take hold of Sherlock’s waist to pin him in place.
an innuendo,” Sherlock huffed, not believing the act but not able to stop reacting to the damp sheen on his lips. He wanted to touch. To taste. “
John’s reaction to the sudden display was a mixed one. He was stunned, annoyed, jealous and turned on all at once, and he watched, agape, as Sherlock shifted to pull away after the initial push only to be stopped by Greg’s large insisting hand. It pushed down the hood of his duvet and carded through his messy curls, tightening and squeezing at the biggest waves to better adjust Sherlock’s head. John knew what the response would be seconds before it actually happened and he licked his lips, becoming hot with curling desire as Sherlock’s knees obligingly buckled.
“...No?” Sherlock asked in a light murmur, stroking his hand up the robe lapel and then across onto John’s skin, tracing his collarbones with tickling fingers. “Why not?”
Sherlock hummed in agreement, both in jest and answer, and reached for his, holding it out to her, “Of course, Mrs Hudson.”
“Ah, so as much as we gossip about you then,” John chuckled and Mrs Hudson pulled away to whop John on the arm.
“That’s good,” John said, tugging a little on Sherlock’s lapels. “You’re quite the distraction yourself.”
“Yeah,” Greg chuckled under his breath, following after the first tug as John hooked their fingers together loosely and turned off the lights of the living room, walking him slowly to Sherlock’s open door. He allowed time for Greg to change his mind, to both their light hand-holding and the offer of watching. John himself wasn’t even completely sure it was the right thing to do. “I wouldn’t expect anything less.”
,” he husked, sweating and shaking, seemingly incapable of stopping himself from rutting, grinding against the clinging trousers.
Sherlock’s felt his face go up in a blaze of heat, “Not all the time, you’re not,” he mumbled, clearing his throat and trying to keep looking at John’s eyes, and his kind, soft, lovely smile.
John shook his head, “Everything’s… pretty much perfect,” he said. “Orion’s just the cherry on the top.”
John looked back at him with a smile, a limp reminiscent of the day they met making him stumble into the door frame slightly, “Would you like to cut the duck?”
Greg had to force himself not to smile, remembering all the times John had complained to him about how completely unfair it was that ‘the sexiest man
"I think you just want some attention," John told him, finding teasing Sherlock a little too addicting. "I think you hated that I went out. Thought I hadn't told you - when I had, by the way - and so you pulled this--" He poked him more. In his stomach, his neck, his elbows, his waist, his hips. Until Sherlock, squirming, snatched hold of his wrists.
care. I eat meat. And I know how that meat ends up in the shops, on my plate. I’m not stupid. - But when I was told about her mischief and mettle… I preferred she live.”
“Sherlock?” John blinked, eyebrows meeting in the middle and the hand around Sherlock's throat squeezing just a tiny fraction more. He was unsure whether to strangle the detective further or let go. “What the
There were a few more clicks, but they soon ceased and the clank of wood made him aware that the camera being placed on the table, “I think I might make a start on those vegetables,” Mrs Hudson said. “You two stay here.”
“Don’t get pushy!” she warned, though she did pull her present closer again and started pulling at the wrapping.
John nodded, “The shelter’s open after 1pm, though only for a few hours,” he explained. “He’s already been given a name, but you can change it if you like.”
“Yeah, probably. Especially if you haven't fed her since you brought her here—Now, I don't know what we have that is turkey friendly, but
Nodding quickly, still tightly smiling, Sherlock gestured for John to go, “Of course. I’ll… I’ll do that. Yes.”
“I was...bored,” Sherlock exhaled with a shrug. “Plus, if I hadn’t, he wouldn’t have upped his security. Which he has, by the way. I checked.”
tonight and especially since I’m feeling sorry for myself,” Greg said with a cutting self-conscious chuckle. “But... there was talk of me staying and at least that’s something I know for a certainty I’ll take up. I
Sarah’s warm hand curled around his bicep just as he was stepping out of his office to head home and he turned with a smile, half panicking when she returned it with a grin of pure mischief, “
“So you decided to bug me about it,” Greg said. “You do know I’m not going to incite some poor sod to commit an ingenious murder just to keep you happy.”
“Mmhm, Mafia sharks,” Santa repeated with tickled agreement and then, after looking at John closely, paused his progress on leaving and gestured for the barman to hand him a pen. He reached for John hand once he had it and began writing a small message, which John, in his drunken state, couldn't read. Couldn't focus on. “You get home safe.” Once he had finished he slipped out of his own stool and walked John to the door, pressing up alongside him, keeping him from falling over a handbag a few steps on, a handbag that had been left hazardously near a table. “And drink more water.”
“That’s very thoughtful of you,” John said and he folded the coat up and placed it under the chew toy.
“Even if you had to pester and remind him about it, I’m grateful anyway, you know? I had to get out of my place. Just for a bit. - And a vow renewal, as stupid and frankly painful to watch as it was, actually turned out to be quite, well,
Looking around, Sherlock clenched his hands, shifted, and then abruptly grinned, leaning close to Greg, “
your moods. I know what you love and hate. I know when you need me and when you don't...” He smoothed a thumb across Sherlock's cheekbone, wiping away the salty track of a tear long fallen. “It's not obvious. Not to anyone else but me.”
“You know that’s not true,” Sherlock snorted, walking them in a shifting shamble across the living room and around the coffee table, until John’s legs knocked into the sofa. “Lie down. On your front.”
,” John promised, cupping Sherlock's cheek tenderly pushing a gentle peck to the corner of his dubiously shifting mouth. “You're as vital to me as oxygen. Without you, I would wither.” He nudged their noses together, letting them breathe as one for a brief moment. “I'd die without you...”
matter?" John searched Sherlock’s face, hating how much his heart beat at their closeness, at how his breath hitched and skin heated, it made it difficult to argue, to think at all. As usual. Sherlock was a blurry mess but he still wanted him, wanted every part of him, and he was sure it showed on his face, had always shown, because Sherlock blinked and cradled his head in two, shaking pale hands to kiss him.
“I was…just trying to ease the tension,” John exclaimed uneasily, watching as Sherlock tilted his head appraisingly and then inched back to be close to John once more, chasing away the leaking chill that had taken his place. John clenched his jaw as the hard line of Sherlock’s penis was pushed into him again, bathing everywhere it touched with warmth, and was suddenly and utterly mortified when his own genitals stirred in interest.
!” Sherlock exclaimed, collapsing down on the edge of his bed and wiping at his tearing eyes, face flushed and hair a mess. “
. - Little bit scary too, if I'm being honest.” They were talking about something else. This was something else. "Like staring down the barrel of a gun..."
“What sort of forfeit are you suggesting?” John asked nervously. “Nothing illegal or that can have me struck off as a doctor, I hope?”
have you done this?” John exclaimed, ears burning hot, nape prickling, as arousal almost had him toppling down onto his knees. He pushed off from his chair and just about managed to hang his coat, scarf and gloves over a radiator, his shoes thudding down beside the fireplace, before he rubbed at his face, staring at his reflection in the mirror. He looked overwhelmed. He felt overwhelmed. He wanted Sherlock. He wanted to not want Sherlock. “
powerful. Surprisingly strong. Enough to overpower you. To have you... have you at my mercy, if I so wanted.” He carefully probed at Sherlock, sliding a finger in steadily. It wasn't a gentle penetration, but it wasn't too rough or unexpected either. John watched for signs of discomfort just in case, signs which didn't seem to be occurring. Sherlock just pushed himself back, chasing the sensation, greedy and lustful. "Yeah... you like that, don't you?"
is – going for as long as we can. There are things I... want to say. Things I should say. But I... can't. I don't exactly know if—”
anything,” he exhaled with a grimace, knowing that wasn’t true, yet not knowing what specifically he did indeed need.
so,” John replied, turning his head and pressing his mouth to Sherlock's inner wrist, feeling somehow that it was more intimate than the actual kissing they had been doing. A declaration. A promise. “You're the...
“Not even I can predict the weather, John,” Sherlock replied with a growl, looking back out at the vast curtain of hail and rain, shaking out his coat so vigorously that errant droplets splashed John in the face, catching him in the eye.
did he say to you beforehand? Before today? Did he say anything? Is that why you’re...angry? Because you’re trying to save me from inevitable embarrassment? - Though it doesn't make sense why you...why
“Do you like it?” she asked before bursting out into a fit of giggles and throwing her head back. Sarah then reached to pat his shoulder, slipping closer to give him a small hug. “I’m sorry… but also I’m
!” Sherlock shouted, loud enough to make Greg wince and laugh at the volume, veins bulging in his throat. He even tried to look down his body at John, no doubt to try and work his charm, but his head was yanked back by Greg’s tight grasp on his hair. It made his length thicken with a jolt. “Please let me.
John let out a conceding sigh, unable to really argue with that point, and gave him a rolling shrug as they crossed the landing and walked into the kitchen together. A clear and clean and smell free kitchen. It was abundantly clear Sherlock hadn’t used it much, if at all, while John had been away.
“Slowly,” John hushed and took Sherlock's hands into his own, guiding him to his jumper, to the peeking fabric of his shirt beneath and began to pull them over his stomach and chest.
, however it was still all very controlled. What I said, what I did, what I allowed to show. – Up to a point.”
.” Orion barked and yipped and hoped around them as they headed outside, looking and sniffing at the open air.
“We’ll need a walking schedule,” Sherlock told him in answer to the issue, giving the two people a sharp glare when they went to pet Orion. How could strangers get on at him for being rude when they thought it was acceptable to pet a dog that did not belong to them. Orion continued to sniff at them, innocent, and much too curious, though they stepped away when they noticed Sherlock.
“…I suppose you’re going to suggest socks and shoes off?” Sherlock asked in a rumble when John leaned back and put his wet coat aside with a shiver.
John spun in his seat, looking out the window to the single level building surrounded by a well-kept garden and a spacious, almost empty, car park, “Oh,” he said. “Thank you.” He pulled from Sherlock, giving his arm a squeeze, and opened the door.
John had approached while he was distracted and put his hand on his shoulder, almost making him jump out of surprise, “Of course, that’s all up to you,” he said. “You’ll be his main carer after all.”
It only took another moment of that, of staring, of breathing, of being aware of each other and what was being offered, before John’s arm shifted into movement mindlessly and he hooked his thumb into the waistband of his bottoms, bowing them down enough for his cock to bob free, rigid and dusky in the gloom, sensitive head tingling in the cooler air. It felt stupidly good. Filthily good. He knew he shouldn’t be doing this, knew that there were reasons to stop, to cover back up, to push Sherlock away and out, but he was vibrating, was hot, was still half asleep, and so did nothing to stop it, to pause his fingers from taking himself at the base to lift the thick line of himself towards Sherlock’s parting lips. Wanting it and perhaps foolishly accepting it. All rational thought smothered by arousal.
John chuckled again, a light and playful sound, “If you want roses, then we can have roses. But you don’t have to impress me. I’m impressed by you
John thought about arguing, denying, but ended up only nodding in agreement, pulling his pants back into place and twisting to sit up. It was awkward and John was thankful that Sherlock was facing away, so he couldn't see the almost turtle like way that he struggled, "
John trailed soft kisses between Sherlock's shoulder blades and began his familiar pattern on Sherlock's torso. They had developed it together after months of living together and dealing with Sherlock's black moods, through trial and error they had worked out a soothing dance of his hand that was perfect to Sherlock up. With a flat palm, John stroked from nipples to navel, circling gently as he kissed along the line of Sherlock's shoulders, giving the occasional surprising suck and lick before thumbing across Sherlock's now peaked, rosy nipples, watching as he jerked forward as though stung or shocked. It gave John a perverse kind of pleasure watching Sherlock slowly build towards arousal, watching the colour begin to darken across that normally perfectly pale skin as his hands worked, touching and calming and claiming all at once.
can I have lots of custard?” John pursed his sublime lips as he put on a show of thinking about it, but then picked up the jug and poured custard all over Sherlock's dessert. Grinning widely, Sherlock took a chunk of brand butter to plop on top and then sat down to tuck into his dessert. “Finally.”
“Okay, well, if you change your mind, know the offer still stands,” John said with a smile, making sure it was soft and showed none of his disappointment. Suddenly shy with the attention of both Greg and Sherlock on him, John shifted and sat up with a grunt, avoiding eye contact, “I better go dispose of this--” He gestured at his crotch and the still glistening condom. “And get his nibs a flannel so he doesn't get glazed overnight. - Sherlock, do you want a drink while I’m up?”
Sherlock bit down a gasp before chuckling, “Circumstances and biology…” Sherlock canted his hips forward fractionally, “You’re bigger than I deduced.”
Sherlock messily, sweetly, emotionally peppered the side of John's face with kisses, wiping them both off and tucking them close, letting John rest an abruptly heavy head to his shoulder, "I lied... it's not always..."
“Nothing is ever boring when it’s to do with Sherlock,” Greg breathed with a wide grin, tipping onto his back with one arm curling up above his head to clutch softly at the edges of the pillow he was sinking into. “Good night, John. Thanks for this. For talking to me and letting me stay and… inviting me in.”
“Do you want me to suck you a little?” John asked in a low tone, nosing at Sherlock's stomach. He didn't always want oral stimulation, finding it quite overwhelming most of the time, but there were other times he seemed to like the sensation of growing hard in John's mouth, of watching John tug and suck at the flaccid skin until it was thick and flushed.
John smirked around his coffee cup, wondering if he should lie, and nodded, going for the truth, for now, “
John hummed and rose steadily to his feet, stuffing his wallet in his pocket before wandering slowly over to Sherlock again, “A good distraction?”
John flinched and tried to look more closely at the bottle Sherlock had his eye on, craning his neck and pushing up onto his elbows, “
“Oh, alright then,” she sighed, picking at the tape. Soon enough, a lead was revealed in a deep black leather. “There we are.”
John grinned, almost resting into him when he took it, then stood on his toes to kiss Sherlock’s nose, “Come on then,” he said and headed out the door with a giggle.
John looked over at him with another flash of worry, having noticed Sherlock’s odd hitching hesitation, but inclined his head, "I used to work with them while on tour sometimes.
...mm—We have Chenin Blanc…” he muttered, neck reddening and legs become jittery, one thigh twitching and tensing as he glanced at John for a moment. Sherlock then gestured towards the kitchen with an unsteadily waving hand, the direction he was signalling to vague and hard to work out, especially when John was more preoccupied with how Sherlock looked, how he reacted. He was fascinated. “Or Pinot Noir. We... we have one of them. I… uh… I don’t really recall which one we have. I bought one of them for… for something… yet I can't remember if I used both, neither or one over the other.”
“Yes,” Sherlock told her shortly, before turning and touching the side of her face, then her shoulder. “Thank you.”
,” John said in a rush before clearing his throat, mentally berating himself for making such a tit of himself so soon. For having the first words out of his mouth be a mild compliment to the very light, very small kiss that he had really just blown his mind. “I mean… it was... better than the first one—Wait, that’s not… the first one was
A thick, tense, silence filled the space between living room and kitchen as Sherlock chose not to reply, and Greg lifted his brows in confusion, before quickly catching on with a small, nod and a tight smile. John wasn’t there then. Sherlock was lonely, not bored. It had happened in the past, once or twice, though it had been a tad worse then, considering the man was sometimes off his face on drugs.
that too. She’ll be the go-to dog sitter,” Sherlock said, stroking between John’s fingers with a tickle, loving the way John’s gaze went gentle, his smirk softening at the corners.
boy.” The pup glanced at him, tongue lolling out the side of his open mouth, and after another whimpering whine, he sat down, panting. “
“It was very obvious what you meant, yeah, you envious bitch. Nothing wrong with some experience,” Greg replied, squeezing John’s shoulders in reassurance and taking a step back, mouth shiny and red. He turned then to Sherlock, posture inviting and the features of his face tightened in a playful challenge. When he spoke next though, he sounded apprehensive and dubious, a nervousness just lingering at the edges. “Come on then. Your turn.”
together because we have the foundation of a friendship. Which is what you and your friend have too.”
“I'm sorry?” The confused looking man asked, blinking and frowning, lips turned up in bemusement. “I think you're mistaking me for someone, mate.”
“Liar,” Greg snorted, sharing a look with John and then motioning to him, to his face. John knew he looked as disbelieving as Greg sounded. “See, come on, we know how you can get. Whether you’re boyfriends or not--”
.” Tugging John further into him, away from the sudden prying eyes of one of the two patrons, Sherlock lead both his John and his dog, around the prepared path, gathering what they needed, slinging it into the basket, and then stopping in the queue in record time.
This time he did it slowly. Achingly slowly. Applying a bit more pressure when they were finally connected and sending John’s eyes rolling up, his legs wobbling. He reached out for Sherlock, grasping him like a drowning man for a life-raft, one unsteady hand going for his slim waist and the other cupping his cheek, learning the feel of him, branding himself with it. John wanted to deepen the kiss in abandon, wanted to push his tongue into the warmth of Sherlock's mouth, wanted to take and own and then give in equal measure, but he was petrified by what that lead to, knowing that to go through with that really meant there was no way back. What the hell was he doing? Warnings rang out in his head as he continued the pressure, continued kissing him, never pulling away, even as the thoughts that rolled about in his head got louder and more frantic, more shrill. This could be a disaster. This was a disaster.
“Beagles are awfully good at tracking,” Sherlock told him, stroking at his knuckles and tilting his head. “Were you thinking about that breed of dog when you thought of adding one to our household?”
“… No. No, you’re not allowed to come yet,” he told a panting, bucking Sherlock. Surprised at the words coming out of his mouth, but only briefly. Sherlock distracted him with an almost feral gnashing of his teeth and a honey-thick groan. “
' naked at all!” Sherlock argued, tugging the duvet tighter around his hidden form. Not even his feet were visible. “Nor do I spend a fortune on clothes. I haven't shopped for more than six months. I have enough clothes. I don't need any more and detest wasting money.”
"Yeah, you're a good liar," John replied, nodding and poking up under his armpits to make him abruptly bite back a squeal. "Was all
Sherlock shifted with a small mockingly contemplating frown and tilted his head, as if he were taking a moment to think it over, “Mm.
John opened his mouth, faltered at Sherlock’s lifted eyebrows, closed it and opened it once more to try again, "Well... I... I, uh, I..." he stammered and tried to think, tried to continue on with what he’d been doing, been saying, knowing it had been the right path, that he was going the right way about it, he just needed to carry on. One second became three, then more and more until he just clenched his teeth. He had no idea how to start this. How to talk to Sherlock. How to get out everything he felt, wanted, had thought, had said, had been told. “
?—Oh, so, what, you just sneak around in my room in the dead of night?” John glared. “Watching me sleep, me struggle, noticing the stale scent of sweat grow with every passing second, hearing every noise I make…” He paused and tilted his head, jaw cocked to one side, brow furrowing as he narrowed his eyes on Sherlock's shrinking figure. “Bad dreams only, I hope?”
under the tree," the abominable woman said as she started scanning everything through. "Did you need a bag, dear?"
“Keep you... keep you smelling like me...” John said breathlessly, knowing he was almost at his peak, “Rub my scent into you and – and – show everyone you're mine.” He gasped, fingertips digging into Sherlock's arse roughly, hard enough to mark as he increased the pace and speed, grunting with each successive thrust as he bit his lip and closed his eyes, losing himself. “
questions. - I wanted to make sure you knew how much it meant to me. What was more important to me at the time. I thought you were flirting and propositioning me and I wanted to set you straight.” The irony wasn’t lost on him and Sherlock clenched his hand around the tinsel, took a breath and then stiffly looked over his shoulder at John. “Back then it was the best thing to have happened to me...”
John chuckled, though the sound was mixed with the ringing of the receptionist's phone, which was soon silenced. After a few seconds Ryan set it down again and placed a paper bag on the desk. "Here he comes," he said and rushed over to one of the doors leading further into the building.
Hailing down a cab for John, Santa helped him inside and handed the driver a ten pound note, more than enough to get John home, “Goodnight my drunken friend,” he said through the half open window with a wave. “I hope you and Homer find forever happiness.”
“Please what, Sherlock?” Greg interrupted with a wicked gleam in his eyes while he regarded his own hand disentangle from John’s to flat out over Sherlock’s heaving stomach, gliding up to encircle his displayed, vulnerable, and ruddy neck. His thick fingers tensed, experimenting, and Sherlock sucked in a harsh, stuttering breath. John was enamoured. “What is it you need?”
Sherlock’s face tightened and though he was still out of breath, still not composed, everything about him became distant, “You… said that you
, allow me to prepare a meal as an apology for insulting her. And calling her a man. - My sincerest apologies, Ms Turkey,” he snorted, nudging Sherlock with his hip as he shifted away. “And
. They’re extremely good at geography, can learn the intricate details of vast area, something immensely useful when they’re finding food, and exhibit problem-solving behavior, as well as being curious and inquisitive animals.” He put the bird down at his feet again, near his chair, and turned a hardened glare at John, arms folded. “And it's really quite hypocritical of you to mock
person who has made me feel like I'm alive since I left the army. That’s… that’s nothing to be sniffed at. Nothing to ignore.”
Sherlock snapped his mouth closed and clawed his hands through his hair, shaking with a short, rumbling laugh, stuck somewhere between panicked and thrilled, “I... I don't know if I
“...I don’t know how to take that,” Sherlock mumbled, lost on their conversation, unsure if John was doing what he thought he was or was in fact only pretending to while actually talking about sausages. John never talked about sausages before.
have icing on it,” Sherlock told him, leaning aside to try and peer around to see. Feeling childish and light-hearted.
. She doesn’t want you. I doubt she ever did! - She took advantage of you, of your trust, of your love for her. She’s a liar and a manipulator. You deserve a
Sherlock exhaled happily, hands entwining with John's and burying his face into John's chest. His tormented mind now settled, quietened, no longer filled with bursts of chatter and noise, but instead replaced with the steady
John raised an eyebrow at him, as he usually did when Sherlock was missing something ‘obvious,’ “No; a date. It’s where two people who like each other go out and have fun?”
“Sit between my legs, facing me. It’s not that complicated, Sherlock,” John interrupted, spreading his legs a little further as invitation and then flushing at the position. “Sit here, and put your legs over my thighs, at my…my waist. You can do that; your legs are long enough. Come on, before you really get cold!”
“John... I...” Sherlock began before John cut him off with a hard swallow and a small shake of the head.
“I win,” Sherlock gloated as he poured his prizes out onto the table, finding a wooden puzzle and a strange red fortune telling fish. The puzzle looked interesting, if a little basic, and he leaned back with it, taking it apart to put back together again.
… I just…” he dropped the bags to the kitchen floor, trying not to do so with as much anger as he could feel boiling over inside him, and glared at the stray feathers that littered the floor. “What the
?” Mrs Hudson's voice lilted as she made her way up. Judging by sound she was carrying a tray, which could only mean that she had been baking, and that she was staying for a chat. "You home?"
“Sounds like a plan,” John said with a nod, glancing at the couple in something that resembled an apology, but Sherlock knew it wasn’t. He hated their forwardness as much as Sherlock had.
Blinking, John frowned, mouth twisted halfway between a surprised grin and a suspicious grimace, “The ‘last time?’”
John smiled and nodded, lifting his cards and putting the first one down. Sherlock seemed genuinely grumpy as he placed his own card down, watching carefully as they took a few turns before John slapped his hand down, “
“Boring,” Sherlock sighed with a small, bubbling giggle that he hadn’t expected to tumble from his throat.
As he stepped through the divider, happy to find the fire roaring, he was unexpectedly bombarded with coloured clutter from his right, and stunned he turned to find the coffee table littered with rolls of ribbon, all different kinds of colours and patterns and styles and types. Some were thin, others were thick. Half were messily unwound from their rolls and the rest were still neatly confined. The sofa was coated too, only with perfectly tied bows, many, many, many bows made out of the many, many, many different ribbons, and Sherlock was sat in the middle of them all cross-legged, completely naked. He had lace bows tied around his neck, wrists, ankles, and, as John gave a wide-eyed glance downward, even his flaccid penis.
“And years of lurking in morgues may have helped with that too, I'd imagine?” John teased, giving Sherlock's legs a small pinch in jest, groaning when Sherlock focussed on a particularly nasty knot. “Oh
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock hummed, “Perhaps we should eat together Boxing Day too? It would be...pleasurable.”
The journey back home was filled with his thoughts. Thoughts on everything. Thoughts on the gift, on his relationship with Sherlock, on the scheming carrying on of his landlady. How had this happened? Why had this happened? He already had issues with whatever it was that he now had with Sherlock, with the tension between them, the growing something that only got harder to ignore, to understand. How would Sherlock feel about this gift? Why had Mrs Hudson got involved? Why underpants‽
John hummed and placed it on his palm. The fish then started to curl up until it was nothing more than a coil on his hand. “…
anymore...” John promised, not expecting to, pushing his mouth to Sherlock's lips, then up to his cheek, neck and under his ear, drowning in him. Feeling the well-known tension, the previously ignored rush, overtake him. “Only for my little elf...”
!” He blinked, realising slowly that he'd become tongue-tied, that he'd said it wrong. “Extraordbinary-extra-ex-extraord—
Sherlock kissed the corner of John’s mouth, giving in to his spiking urges, to his body’s demands, and enclosed John in a hug, hiding against the crook of his neck, “I’m ready to go now…”
“Mm, Sarah,” John explained, watching him closely while trying not to give anything away. Having Sherlock's hand on him made it hard for him to think. Made everything hard. “Wishing me Merry Christmas in case we don't see one another over the next week or so... which we probably won't.”
but... yeah, I sort of – I love it. - You know, I was unsure about how you'd react, but if you like it then, I can like it too... I guess...”
?” Sherlock repeated and after a look at John’s comforting smile, he twisted as told. “Like this? Just...turn this way? But--”
“Careful,” John said with a smirk, but only held out a hand to keep him steady. “Don’t want to fall down the stairs.”
need to agree, and they would have to be known to us. Someone we both trust, someone we know wouldn't be overly clingy or want more than we were... offering...”
Now it was John's turn to blush, “In my defence, I'd never done it before! I could only go off what I'd seen in porn and what women had done to me. I didn't realise it was so bloody
“I thought it suited him,” John replied with an honest smile. “He was always so happy when someone said it when I visited.”
to…” he tried, trying to find the best way to word his heartbroken woes during their time living together. How he had flared bright like a beacon with jealousy and upset each time John had smiled at a woman, dated one, left him for one. Leaving him to mope, alone, in the flat, surrounded by their belongings, their life. He thought of all the subtle touches between them and all the times it had made his pulse skip. There had been times he’d wanted to tell John so badly it had pained him. Times he’d been so enraged and agitated, that he had almost let it slip. Though then, as now, he been afraid of losing him, losing what they had, and therefore had vowed to enjoy what he could until it inevitably left. “Perhaps you should have bought me a dog sooner?”
...” John gasped, clenching his feet into the carpet and trying not to thrust in, to push or hurt. When their bodies met an eternity later, he rolled his hips, grinding in and down, attempting to find Sherlock's prostate once more. The angle wasn't great, their height differences and Sherlock's straining, struggling legs adding more ire to the situation, though John merely shifted, arched and rocked until he finally heard Sherlock make a pleased, stifling gasp. “Just
Sherlock arched one eyebrow at the comment, taking John deeper and holding, revealing, swallowing, then he wetly pulled back off with a sigh and a shudder, “I could do that for you… if you... wanted. If you asked...”
John stiffened, his eyes growing wide in shock, his back straight, his arms held to attention at his sides as he inhaled suddenly through his nose. His lips were pliant but unmoving. He wasn’t kissing back. Sherlock was kissing him and he wasn’t kissing back. Wasn’t kissing back.
Sherlock unbuckled his belt with cold fingers that refused to cooperate and wriggled his trousers down his legs before hauling off his shoes and socks. John grabbed his feet as soon as Sherlock sat back down again, and rubbed them to warm them up, pressing them to the warm skin of his thighs with a slight flinch at the contrasting temperature. Sherlock’s feet were ice cold and pale, and John rubbed them energetically to get some colour into them, reaching to pull Sherlock a little closer by the waist as the wind blew a slight splattering of rain into the cave.
The room smelled of sex and sweat, the only sounds being the wet slap of sweat-shimmering skin against skin and their muffled, bitten back, chocked noises of increasing rapture. It was heady and incredibly arousing, and John couldn't help but want more, continuing to tease pre-come from Sherlock with each rotating grind of his hips. This was always John's favourite part. Where they lost themselves in sensation.
you,” John whispered into Sherlock's ear, biting and sucking marks into his pretty, flushed neck while he grabbed at his shirt and pulled, sending the buttons flying as they gave up the fight. The sounds they made, connecting with the wall, the floor, and his nearby wardrobe, only spurred John on. He pulled the shirt open and down, exposing Sherlock's spasmodically expanding chest and trapping his corded arms by his side by the elbows. “Can I? I want to fuck you into his wall and make you
Curling his upper lip, Sherlock slumped back with a groan and swept out an arm toward him, “That’s a
“Orion,” Sherlock said to the pup to gain his attention, smiling, anger melting, when the dog turned his head with a happy pant. He bent down to him, cupping the snuggling snout, and lifted his eyebrows. “Don’t talk to strangers.” Orion licked at his nose and continued to pant, clearly not understanding, falling back to Sherlock’s side when he had his chin tickled.
," John whispered, straining to kiss Sherlock again and trailing a hand up and down his calve muscle. "Take... tuh-take off your robe..."
letter from a dog,” he said, waving it around and then glancing it over, “how am I to know what you actually did or didn’t do? And...and...what if…” He sighed and quickly cut himself off from that direction of thinking, not wanting to raise the subject of John perhaps leaving in the future, not after he’d just embarrassed himself moments before, not after having to continuously push the thoughts from his head. “So, he can be here...today? The dog? We’ll go get him? They are the plans of today you were so excited over.”
, Mrs Hudson,” he told her, giving her a quick, appreciated grin as he heaped his fork with more, feeling abruptly ravenous.
With a sigh, he opened the fridge again and pulled out the milk to make some coffee for the two of them and turned the microwave off. A few minutes later he was carrying two mugs into the living room. “Here.”
to kiss me?” John asked with a frown, feeling a fizz of something in his gut at the thought of kissing him, at the thought of being allowed that, at wanting that so badly it made him light-headed. “I'm not going to force him to--”
Mrs Hudson fondly rolled her eyes, positioning John to stand right below the hanging mistletoe, which he stared up at with a strange daunting sensation of impending doom, “It’s
“You’re most welcome dear,” she said, patting his cheek lightly before heading off towards the kitchen and leaving them both on their own.
you want, free of charge,” Sherlock told her dismissively, despite the fact John would not do something so unethical. With a quick glance at John, he leaned further forward with a wink at Mrs Hudson’s impish face. “I could always get you some more of those ‘herbal soothers’ too.”
. The females, the hens, do not have the distinct, familiar ‘hanging bits’ that you describe. - I mean
! Why did you tell him to ask me about... the work!" John clarified, his anger building again. "If you wanted to clarify that you were already attached you could have asked yourself."
?” John scoffed, but he was feeling giddy with desire, with a strange kind of happiness, and he nudged against Sherlock's chin until a kiss was bestowed, then another, and another. It took everything he had, everything in him, and the fact they were out in the open, for John to stop and think and speak. “Let me... have a quick shower first, and I'll come back...”
“Okay… fine, how about the first person to ten wins in Snap gets to take one item of clothing off the other playing,” John said with a raised eyebrow, “
“… What is that supposed to mean? ‘One look at me?’ How does my appearance constitute us sleeping together? How does it have any significance at all?” he questioned with an animated flailing of his arms, altering his stance, chest heaving. Before John could scowl and counter, teeth still firmly gritted, blood on fire, and hands eager to shove and grasp again in gathering frustration, Sherlock frowned at him and shook his head somewhat helplessly. “
of ribbon I used? I… I went through them all and this is the most comfortable, the least restricting for when I become erect, and looks the best with my complexion. Not entirely surprising, giving its use in underwear... lace is also rather risqué too, of course, which is another reason I chose it--”
,” Greg muttered with a twisting, wide grin, looking down into his coffee, thoughtful and considering. “Does Mrs Hudson know?”
“Yes,” Sherlock rumbled, flexing his abdomen and shifting into a more comfortable position. All in an act to seem more confident than he was. John could tell that much from the lines of his shoulders and fidgeting hands. He was braced for mockery, it seemed, as he had been when John had first seen him whole and vulnerable.
“Yes, yes, I'm here. I’m coming,” John let himself light-heartedly grumble, rolling his eyes and leading Greg through. He paused, just for a moment, when Greg was standing in the doorway, the toes of his shoes just touching the fringe of the bedroom carpet, and let Greg look and process. At Sherlock’s almost growl, John shot him a glare. “
“Neither do you,” Sherlock muttered, seemingly fascinated as fabric moved and shifted against the twin expansions, “not with me, in any case.”
Sherlock scowled at him, opening his mouth to object, but then blinked at the temptation of the fudge cake, considering it before sighing and glaring, “No.
Sherlock stood, “I’m going with you,” he said, already moving to John’s side, collar flicked up. “Lestrade, if you
“No, it’s not,” John laughed, pulling out of Sherlock as gently as he could to lay at his other side Sherlock, condom still comically attached. He leaned over, snuggling under Sherlock’s still extended arms, and rubbed across his twitching, tensing, heaving stomach, smearing in the ejaculate. It made Greg’s eyes droop in evident lust. “We haven't been together,
underwear?” John mumbled with a teasing inflection, keeping his voice low and tipping his head forward into Sherlock's hair before giggling. “Sadly, I think they're my tighty whities. Very, very unsexy.”
!” Mrs Hudson crooned behind him, just coming down the staircase to John’s room, a mischievous smile on her face and another few twigs of mistletoe still in her grasp. John sank down onto his heels with a long, resigned sigh, knowing she was trying to help, but annoyed at how unhelpful she was actually being. She waved the mistletoe at him as she came in and then glanced at one he had been trying to take down. “What a find, eh? Some nice man offered me a small clump of them for a
“Alright… Okay, wait... just... just put my cock on your tongue and open your mouth,” John grunted, toes curling in the carpet as his hips began a steady movement, thrusting forward, pushing his shaft and tip against Sherlock's embracing tongue. It was hot, wet and utterly perfect, and John could feel himself almost at the peak by the way it wiggled and clutched. “Shit…
It took an hour, or just about, for John to feel, to know, that he could now do and give more, and he slipped the fingers of his free hand through the fuzzy soft curls, playing with them the way he liked, then continuing his light touch across and down his chest to pat where his heart beat, “I dislike this show,” Sherlock whispered in a rumble, despite his eyes being closed and lips limply parted as if in sleep.
“Nope, though there are many more nights to come where we can experiment… hopefully,” John chuckled, making sure to keep his tone light and airy, looking at Greg, at his flushed face, dilated pupils, shimmering brow, and elevated breathing. He was still aroused and hadn't had any sexual relief. Hadn’t even asked for it. John felt a slither of guilt and chagrin. “Do you want me to uh… I could… I know he said I was no good at it, but I could maybe suck you off? If you want?”
