He crumpled in on himself and a relieved sigh escaped his mouth. He unwrapped his arm from his head and hissed as his skin stuck to his arms and tore off his scalp. His right side of his head was not as badly burned as his left. He could not see out of his left eye. His left ear was ringing and no longer there and his face felt like it was still burning despite there no longer being flames. His nerves were all aflame, burning with indescribable pain, making it hurt to move, even breathe.
Suddenly, Peter found himself embracing Steve.
Tony smiled sweetly at him and gently kissed his lips, prolonging it by parting his lips and caressing the inside of his mouth with his soft tongue.
“I think I like where this is going,” Tony murmured before capturing Steve’s lips with his own.
“The Chameleon,” Natasha supplied. “He is the master of disguise…But he’s supposed to be an elusive spy to be bought by the highest bidder, not a one-bit criminal bank robber.”
A hologram opened before Tony of…what looked like two homeless men being pushed out of his building. They both fell roughly and Tony winced. The larger of the two lost his backpack and its top opened revealing…
Steve rubbed his forehead then looked up to his son. He said, “Peter, you don’t have to do anything. It is very nice that you want to help your aunt and uncle but you might upset Auntie Nat very much and I don’t want anything to ruin the relationship you two have.”
Tony instantly relaxed when he heard Steve but, when he saw him, he tensed up again.
Bucky immediately started sipping at his cold tea without complaint.
Tony’s heart twisted more at the words.
Tony smirked as he grasped Steve’s hand and leaned into him. Steve frowned at him and Tony whispered, “My dad told me the story.”
He might not want to talk to SHIELD but maybe he’d make an exception for Tony.
“Do you want to try it?” He whispered to Peter.
“P-Peter?” His mother gasped as if she did not believe him to really be there. Her eyes flickered to her partner then back to him.
Secondly, he noticed the numerous missed calls from his father.
This metal fingers brushed over the curve of Steve’s ass and Steve shivered. His flush grew and he glared at his boyfriend. Steve never cursed, not even in stressful situations. But when he and Tony made love, his boyfriend knew exactly how to make him come undone and some curse words were prone to escape him during the more heated moments.
“…We shouldn’t be sitting so close,” Steve reluctantly murmured, moving his hand from Tony’s. He dropped his head and sighed, “Someone could see…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wow,” Bucky whispered. He turned to Steve and asked, “Can we keep it?”
Bucky stood his ground and raised his gaze to meet Natasha’s. He stated, [I do not believe you, otherwise you would not be so upset.]
“L-letting in water?” Bruce gasped. The sound of Tony gasping for breath replayed in Steve’s ears and his own memory of drowning in the Atlantic dowsed him back into reality.
Time was so particular when it came to Steve’s death. It technically happened decades ago even though it was still only a couple of weeks to Tony. How long was he going to grieve him? He felt like Bucky must be feeling without his arm. He was missing a piece of himself. He’d never felt this way about anyone before and he darkly wondered if he was going to be grieving Steve’s loss for the rest of his life…
Peter wanted
It felt even more precious now and he had to put a lot of effort into letting go of him.
They shared a knowing smile and then Steve tilted his head down and kissed him gently.
Barnes stepped out of his cell slowly but, even with his left arm still disabled, he moved with a step as sure as a panther in its prime. His eyes flickered over all of them but settled on Natasha. Tony’s hackles rose when he saw that. Was all of this just to be given a chance to attack her again? The others noticed too and the room grew tense.
“Wade looks at him like you look at me, Tony,” Steve whispered.
“I…I-I-,” Jarvis’s eyes flickered and it stated, “Ch-Charge needed.”
She wanted to see him. She wanted to see the love in his eyes again but she knew she would never see it again and it hurt all the more. Her entire existence revolved around Peter but she barely knew him personally and she wished things could have been different.
Bucky fully turned to Tony, gripping the skewer tightly, and stated, “Everyone else on the team knows it in case one of our enemies gets a hold of my trigger words. Our children should know the safe word for the same reason. The last thing I want to do is hurt them. I’ll take that over Peter using it on me for a little joke.”
When Tony returned the next night, Steve’s melancholy was almost palpable.
was the one to fly the plane and crash, not Steve. But whatever Zemo had done to him made it that he survived the crash. He stayed frozen in the ice for over 70 years until…
He gave up alcohol altogether when he started dating Steve, with the exception of August 20
Tony filled out his body no longer gangly but muscled and defined. Steve would watch him as he worked and his muscles moved beneath his tan skin. Sometimes he felt Tony knew Steve was watching him. He’d wear loose, sleeveless shirts or nothing on his top half at all.
Steve smiled at his friend and accepted the communicator. He put it in his ear and called out, “Avengers assemble!”
She staggered back from the remains and stumbled back until she caught herself on a lamppost. For a moment, she struggled to breathe but it all finally came out in a great relieving rush.
“Right now? I…” Peter paused, reflecting over everything in his life. He hated how the press had invaded his life and made it impossible to be boring Peter Parker anymore. But he accepted that part of his life. He’d probably began to accept it years ago when he first found out Tony was his birthfather. He was Tony Stark’s son and being so meant he would share the spotlight with his father. Peter could handle the press and he stated, “I know I am…I don't know about Wade…”
“I’m trying to cause a stir at SHIELD about this, but no one is taking the pregnant ex-agent too seriously. Most are saying it’s an extremist that didn’t agree with your company’s weapons deals. They don’t see the connections between you and the others!”
“No, I was just going to check in with the others and see if there was anything more I could do before we go.”
“And Tony?” Steve asked, remembering his husband had come for them. He glanced around the room it was in shambles but there was no sign of Iron Man or Venom. Steve’s heart clenched painfully as he pondered both their fates.
“I miss him,” Peter murmured into Steve’s side.
Tony watched his son smile and lean into Wade. Their hands were almost always connected and they both looked so happy that Tony felt like an idiot for not noticing it sooner.
“Oh, my boyfriend,” Tony teased. “Cute, isn’t he?”
Finally, the judge announced, “Given the evidence, I cannot confidently dismiss this case. The trial will take place a month to this day. We are adjourned.”
me, come help me with Uncle Bucky,” Steve retorted as he stooped next to his unconscious friend. He turned to Natasha and said, “I’m sorry, Nat.”
He didn’t want any of this to happen.
Smirking, Tony began to shake a can and said, “Ready for the amazing invention of pre-foamed shaving gel?”
From there, he wasn’t so sure what he was going to do. He was obviously going to look for Tony but finding him was another story…
Tony got to his feet, dislodging Steve’s hand as he did, and he hissed, “Where is Peter, Friday??”
“Oh, yeah, right,” Tony mumbled, extricating his tight grip from Steve’s sides. They were awkward as they tried to find a way to get up without making it any more weird. There was some stumbling into each other and silly chuckles before they finally got to their feet. They brushed themselves off and Steve was already missing the feel of Tony’s body pressed against his. Steve rubbed his face and wished Bucky hadn’t drawn attention to his attraction to Tony before they went out. His mind may have been so focused on Tony’s body if he hadn’t been thinking about him already…
It was chaste but sweet and tender. She held him like he was the only thing keeping her standing and he grasped her shoulders and held onto her like she was the only thing keeping him anchored in this world.
Steve paced, wanting to run down to Tribeca himself to check in on the situation.
Steve chuckled as he sat up, grinning happily…no,
Steve was safe, he was right where he belonged, at Tony’s side.
Steve threw back his head as a heated groan escaped his lips. He nearly came went he felt the heat coming off Tony’s cock. Steve had never been this turned on before. He could not believe Tony felt the same, figuratively and literally.
Tony looked back to Steve and replied, “No…he’s always been there in my dreams. He just finally came home.”
Bucky stood in the water for a while as unmoving as a statue.
“Tony,” Steve murmured, leaning closer to him. Tony paused and looked to him in question. With a warm smile, Steve whispered, “This is your hourly reminder…”
“Stable but unconscious,” Jarvis replied.
Before he could get another word out, the house totally collapsed. Tony’s breathing quickened and became labored as he fought to escape.
Gotta love those girls.
Steve had told him once, when he first saw Tony, that he had thought he was dreaming about being in an Action Comic and Tony couldn’t help but think about it as he flew into the 80s Action Comic Book themed brawl.
So, what should the Soldier do with him?
“What about the fair?” Peter asked, it was currently Friday night. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday were the Stark Tower Employee Fair. His dad threw it twice a year, thanking his employees for their hard work ethic and tolerance of Avenger related incidences which occur at the Tower more often than not. Tony and the rest of the team went to
“Oh…you have your old shield,” Peter murmured in surprise.
This time however, when the doors sealed behind them, Steve did not release a pent up breath…now he felt sick and feared if he opened his mouth he might vomit.
?” Cable countered in a hiss.
They left Peter with Natasha and Bucky. Peter was adamantly against it and fought Bucky’s hold with all his strength. The other super soldier gritted his teeth but held onto the boy.
Tony had yet to sleep in his and Steve’s bed since they last shared it. Instead, he first slept in his workshop then, after the funeral, he slept in Peter’s room. Peter seemed contented by his presence so he easily reasoned he should keep doing it. Every night, Peter buried his face into Tony’s chest, closed eyes that were bathed in the light from Tony’s reactor, and sighed contently.
They had an easy cadence with each other and, strangely enough, Tony found himself reflecting over it as he worked. It's not like he had never thought this much about a person before. It'd been a while, sure… It was probably because he worshipped this man as his hero but now Steve was just…more. There were elements to Steve Tony could have never imagined before meeting and getting to know him. He was funny and nice and when he looked at Tony…Tony just felt special.
He didn’t want her to know of the horrible trials Tony would have to face.
“I said forget it,” Bucky growled and Steve raised his hands in defeat.
“I…I felt your arousal,” Peter murmured, keeping his eyes on the sky in order to avoid Wade’s gaze. “I’m not used to that…”
He picked up his pace and jogged the rest of the way to the room with the time machine.
Steve snorted but, when Tony kept frowning at him, he clarified, “You’re serious?”
“Okay!” Peter said, sounding more enthused already as he ran outside.
“And the beast?”
Peter physically pinched himself to confirm the validity of the situation. Upon the flare of pain, his body was flooded with emotion as everything became that much more real.
“I need to go to him!” Steve gasped, thinking of how scared Peter must be alone in the dark bedroom. He could never leave Peter alone for long before his old nightmarish memories of the lab he was housed in came creeping back and scaring him more.
He wanted to open his eyes to reassure Tony but could not find the strength so instead he smiled, drawing the corners of his mouth up slightly and exposing his teeth.
Tony shivered.
Before the Goblin is properly introduced I just wanted to make it clear that the Goblin in this fic is not the Goblin seen in any of the Spider-man movies. This one is based off the Goblin from the Ultimate Spider-man comics in both his appearance and convictions.
Tony leaned in, placing himself just a breath away from Steve, and breathily murmured, “Oh, I do mind. I am
But Bucky kissed him.
Bruce shot out of his seat and hissed, “Tony, don’t! You can open your stitches!”
Tony looked to Steve and Steve knew it was time. He motioned to an armchair and asked, “Can I sit down?”
! It works!
“He had his aunt and, for a while, his uncle,” Steve whispered, trying to reassure him.
” touch. It was an "
Tony was absolutely ecstatic about pulling one over on his friend.
“I…I don’t even know where to begin,” Tony finally gasped aloud.
“It’s too late. Venom has attached itself to Peter. They are one now. There is no separating them.”
“Tony!? What are you doing?? Have you not been watching the news!?” Pepper hissed as she stomped angrily into the lab. She spotted him and went straight to him. Yet, when he pulled back his goggles to look at her, her expression of annoyance melted away, only to be replaced with the upmost concern. She sat beside him and brushed his hair out of his face as she worriedly examined him.
“His suit is experiencing major system failure,” Jarvis informed them.
Ultimately, they made out like a couple of horny teens, wildly kissing and groping each other like it was their last day on Earth. When they finally broke apart they laughed, blushed, and irrevocably kissed again. The second time they kissed was more slow and tender. Wade’s fingers caressed the side of his face in a feather light touch and he smiled warmly at Peter when they slowed to a stop.
They cuddled on the couch the rest of the night until Tony was ripped away from him again.
. So very wrong and dangerous and – and fuck.
Why would Eddie do that to him??
Steve kicked the sheets off him and went over to the bathroom.
“It’s not that easy…”
Thinking of Wade distracted him from his more morbid thoughts. He flushed to himself as he remembered the last conversation on the phone. Peter had been a little emotional at first and had demanded Wade not kill any more without any explanation. Wade gave in easily but Peter couldn't help but wonder if Wade felt put on the spot. Over the years the Avengers and the X-Men had been on Wade about killing. Time and time again Wade would refuse to stop. So...why did he give in so easily to Peter's request?
James peeked around the corner and then stepped out. He turned back to her and held out his hand, saying, “You gonna keep up?”
Sharp blue eyes glared at him and, a voice he’d heard hundreds of times from news reals, reprimanded, “There was no need to fire on him! His weapon was gone!”
“Captain,” she said in way of greeting. “Are you done with Dr. Banner already?”
Pops buried his face into Peter’s neck so he was the only one to know what was happening.
Coulson dreamed up dozens of scenarios when he finally met his hero…but none of them turned out like this.
“…And what do I make you?”
As Tony fell asleep in his arms, Steve realized the true depths of his feelings for him. Yes, Steve loved him but, in that moment, he realized Tony was the most precious thing, next to Peter, in Steve’s life. He could not believe he even considered leaving him for Bucky. He could not imagine living the rest of his life without him.
That confirmed it for Natasha. She turned on her communicator and stated, “The body isn’t the Captain’s but the kill was done by the Winter Soldier.”
“Well…That’s good,” Tony stated, with a nod. He was alive; there was one less thing Tony had to worry about. He asked, “What about his grades?”
“You saved my life,” Tony reminded him and gently squeezed his hand. “You’ve given me more years with my family…more years with
Could he live with that?...Could Tony?
They remained embraced and silent. Steve did not know how long he stood in Bucky’s arms. It was long enough that Bucky’s metal arm was no longer cold against his flesh but his friend’s form remained ridged. When his mother died, Bucky was warm and loving to Steve now he did not feel it. Bucky was clearly uncomfortable. Steve drew back and whispered, “I’m sorry.
The other woman stepped beside his mom then knelt in front of Peter to his level. She began to unscrew the cylinder and all of Peter’s senses were screaming at him to run away as fast as he could.
“Let’s check it out,” Tony replied with a grin and opened the file. He assumed it had been started again during the Cold War but the dates displayed were resent and then…
He ran his fingers through Steve’s hair and Steve wound his arms around Tony and pressed his forehead to his.
Tony smirked and said, “Jarvis, please ask Ben if he can spend the night. Peter’s father has been detained for the rest of the evening.”
When Steve had slipped away with men before, he’d mostly meet them in bars. They’d size each other up and go down an alley or, if Steve got lucky enough, they’d spend the night in a hotel. However, it’d always been impersonal.
“Maybe they want to be the only ones with the knowledge?” Peggy countered and that was the final word on the matter as they hurried down the aisle and then found Maria and the others saving their seats for them.
He pressed a kiss onto Steve’s cheek and whispered, “I’m sorry…”
“Years apart though, Peg? And why go after the Project Rebirth guys two decades later? We are nothing without Erskine. We can’t make another super solider without him.”
“Tony did not even tell Bruce about Spider-Man,” Steve whispered to Peter.
“No, not Rogers or Stark, your real father, the one who blessed you with your amazing abilities,” his mom stated.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You two clearly missed New York and were so excited about taking this trip so, I thought, why not make a home here too?”
It was in the middle of the night in the less desirable part of New York City. Steve did not have his phone, he had left it in Tony’s car and Bucky must have taken his SHIELD communicator so they would not be tracked. No taxis drove down these streets at this time of night so Steve made the long trek home on foot. He almost got mugged twice but easily disabled his both of his attackers.
There was a light knock on his door and his dad asked, his voice muffled, “Can I come in?”
“It just brings back bad memories,” Steve whispered with a stiff shrug. “…My mom died of cancer in a hospital…It was a long process which I don’t like being reminded of.”
,” Tony groaned into his ear. Even his voice was layered with feeling.
Bucky’s gaze went from Peter then to Steve, his expression was unreadable. When Tony came to Steve’s side, something flickered in Bucky’s gaze and he smiled ruefully at all three of them. Bucky sarcastically stated, “I told you kissing her was a stupid idea.”
Peter rolled Wade’s mask up and Wade continued to caress him as he did. He was smiling and looked happy despite the fact that half of his face was still hidden to Peter. Peter stood on the tips of his toes to reach the taller man and Wade’s smile grew brighter as Peter kissed him.
They went through the underground garage and Steve only saw a brief glimpse of the crowd gathering outside the Tower. Steve groaned lightly. Would there ever be no reporters outside their home?
“You almost didn’t,” Steve whispered.
With a racing heart, Steve looked at the mirror and ran his hands over his hair. His hair was just fine since he had already checked it a number of times already. He wore his finest tan slacks and best button down white shirt. His heart was racing from being nervous but he was also eager for what was to happen.
Coulson was one of the first to enter the downed plane.
Something clattered loudly in the kitchen downstairs and they both broke apart with a groan.
“Holy shit!” Tony shot off the couch and hissed to Bruce, “Steve is back!”
He was trembling on that figurative cliff and in real life.
To forestall any awkward silences from growing, Peter stated, “Eddie and I worked with our shield today and got some amazing results!”
Steve pressed his face into Tony’s shoulder and, with a breaking heart, gasped, “It’s not enough…”
This time things were vastly different. There was no hesitation. There was no nervousness or second guessing. It was just Tony and Steve. Even the fact that they were doing this to be captured didn’t register. Their hands moving where they wanted and their mouths trying to consume the others.
Nice to meet him? In the span of a few seconds, Steve reflected on the events of the last week: losing Bucky, thinking he died in the plane crash, waking in the frozen world felling as if his body was made of ice, and then discovering he was in the future…The world had changed for the better in some ways but it also had changed for the worse in other ways too…But the worst was it was no longer his world.
Steve’s smile widened and he even snorted. Steve shook his head, still smiling, and Tony felt victorious.
“Oh, that’s a good one, Stud Muffin.”
“There’s nothing to be sorry about,” Steve assured Peter. He stepped back to give the younger man some space but squeezed his shoulder one last time.
Wade’s arms tightened and held him close, making Peter feel cherished again.
Bucky nodded and left the room. The corporal saluted Steve one last time and left him too. Once alone, Steve turned back to the window Sneaky had exited. He let himself feel a sense of wonder as he considered the future that awaited the world.
. He would stand before the vultures and hold his
They disentangled their limbs and from their sheets and made groaning noises when they saw the state of their sheets and bodies.
“Captain, a lot has happened since yesterday,” Coulson stated. “The entire world knows about Peter now and everyone wants to know about him. They also want to know about Sergeant Barnes. They want to know how he is still alive but also what…the extent of your relationship was…and is… Frankly, I was wondering if you could tell me that as well. How long have you been in contact with the Winter Soldier? How long have the two of you been in a relationship?”
“You clearly have never been to a barn,” Steve replied with a roll of his eyes. He leaned against the bed next to Tony and peered down at his precious son with a tender smile. He whispered, “I can wait another hour.”
“And what about that Mary was my mother and I was born out of an affair?” Peter asked, pausing in his writing.
Tony drifted to sleep, lulled by Steve’s steady pulse.
Steve shook his head. He would stop running by Tony’s place. He had to trust that Cable was right about the Goblin and that the monster wouldn’t hurt this timeline’s Tony. He stated to Tony, “I am just a man using running to keep himself distracted…”
Tony turned to him and growled, “Talk.”
Steve sat with his hand over Tony’s for a few minutes and watched his husband’s sleeping face. It was relaxed yet Tony’s grief had ingrained deeper lines around his red eyes and his mouth had seemingly been molded into a permanent frown. Steve reached out and lightly brushed his lips. Steve missed the smile that used to come so easily to Tony…he missed living in that time when they were happy…
He slipped the sweats on under his hospital gown then tucked the gown into them like he would a shirt.
“I think he just needs to stop patrolling the streets and fight when he's called into action, not when it's spur of the moment,” his father murmured under his breath.
Originally, the lawyers were supposed to go to them but Tony decided this would be a perfect outing to be a “secret couple.”
"Yes!" Steve said, sounding genuinely shocked to whatever Peter had said.
? You had remembered him before remembering your name, last time. He was your best friend. You loved him like a brother…he was the one you and the Red Skull attacked, the one the Red Skull took away.”
Steve grunted in instant outrage and bit down on Bucky’s tongue. Bucky released him with a hiss of pain and Steve pushed himself off the couch and stumbled back.
“We can move it all over,” Tony assured.
“Gabe can help you. He’s the Commandos’ medic,” Steve said. “He’s the best in his field.”
Bruce had just placed Mary’s blood sample into his processor when the entire tower shook.
“I’m so sorry, Steve,” Tony whispered.
When he reopened his eyes and gazed at Tony, the other man seemed to be glowing.
He turned to Bucky and the Winter Solider eyed the toddler fearfully.
, and
Steve swiftly jerked his hand out of Tony’s.
Many elected not to live on with zeroed out implants but if they did they usually were not stable because of the trauma from losing their mate. Because of the negative outlook, zeroed out soul implants were stigmatized. His Ma always made sure to cover her implant before she went out or she’d risk being looked at differently. She wasn’t crazy but a tough cookie.
The Mark II was surpassing everything he had imagined, and the Mark III was going to be even better once he got the icing problem fixed. He lifted his face shield and was about to have his bots remove the suit when the house alarm went off.
“The first thing he’s going to ask me will be: Where the hell was I?” Tony hissed, bordering on hysteria. He was crying but didn't even notice thanks to this horrendous news. “And what am I supposed to say? ‘Oh, I was avoiding you by sleeping with random strangers and being an alcoholic!’ He’ll love to hear that!”
“He has his perks,” the robot said, sounding amused.
Without prompting, Bruce pointed to one of the holograms and stated, “He’s moving. With the Hulk sedative he inhaled, he shouldn't be conscious nonetheless moving!”
“I am ready to begin phase four of the experiment, whenever you are, sir,” she replied.
Thanks to all who have been reading, subscribed, bookmarked, commented, and left kudos! Your support is dearly appreciated! :)
“My master,” he gasped in a taut explanation.
Steve had left out a jar of Vaseline on the floor by the bed. He reached down for it and Tony took his moment’s pause to rut against Steve, causing his entire body to spasm. With the Vaseline in hand, Steve glared at his lover but the man just grinned back unabashed. Steve slicked up his hands and then outright grabbed Tony’s cock with it, shutting the man up quickly.
The armor closed around him and he stood. Pepper scrambled to her feet and hissed, “Tony, you are in no condition to be doing anything but going to the hospital!”
“Yes...well, Tony considers himself bisexual,” Rogers stated, pulling back his phone. Before putting his phone away, he peered at the screen and a small smile touched his lips. He sealed his phone and stated, “Tony wants to come out but he keeps it a secret because I am not ready. He would never betray my trust just to score a few points with the media, just as he would never do that with you. If you ask it of him, he won’t say a word of it to the media.”
Tony came out and Steve let out a breath of relief.
Waiting.
Blondie cleared his throat and removed his cap and glasses. He said somewhat shyly, “I don’t know if you recognize me-.”
“I don’t even know if she knows how to dance,” Steve muttered embarrassingly.
Steve’s hands clenched and he physically shook from repressing his need to jump to Tony and rip the syringe away from his neck.
And the man who once was James will set her free because of that love.
Steve timidly removed his shield with numb fingers. Over the communicator, Tony yelled, “DO NOT GO WITH HIM!”
Steve turned to him. He forgot he was there. He was there the entire time, sitting on the floor, in front of the TV. He saw the house be destroyed. He heard Tony over the speaker on his phone. His form was blurred in his vision but he could tell Peter was paler than usual and trembling.
“Something vaguely more interesting than public relations,” Tony droned with an amused smirk.
Bucky sighed heavily and looked between them before asking, “How did you two do it?”
Peter’s workstation sat right next to the couch and had evolved over the years too. Originally, Tony had built him a tiny fake workstation for him to play with as a toddler. Now Peter had an actual workstation. It was much larger and had tools similar to Tony’s and the ability to project interactive holograms. Odd bobbles and bits of machinery were scattered across its surface from Peter’s attempt at innovation.
“That sounds perfect too,” Steve whispered and Tony grinned. He added, “But no AC/DC on my wedding day.”
“Oh, yes,” Tony growled suggestively and he straightened Steve’s collar as he pulled him into another kiss.
She crossed her arms over her chest and whispered, “I…I know Steve very well. We are very close and I know things about Steve that most don’t…so I know right now that he is
Peter nodded and went over to the coffee machine. Tony watched him with a critical eye. Peter looked exhausted. There were even bags under his eyes! He must have been up all night –.
“He should be out in a few hours. The doctors will do what they can to help in the healing process.” Coulson grasped his shoulder and gently whispered, “We’ll keep you updated on his progress. Go back to your room and try to get some sleep. You look exhausted.”
Bucky spared Tony a reassuring smile and then clapped Steve’s shoulder as he said, “I’ll explain it. You two probably need a moment…”
It wasn’t how he imagined meeting his soulmate but it’d have to do…
“Baby boy,” Peter corrected, liking the other endearment more.
“You’re going to be okay, sweetheart,” Steve promised as he gently turned Tony over. Tony’s confused expression became more befuddled with Steve’s words. Steve didn’t think on it nor did he realize what he had let slip. His mind was focused on saving Tony. He wasn’t sure how much longer he would last without the arc reactor so he quickly unwrapped it and gave Tony only a second to register its presence before shoving it in his chest.
Tony double checked the tracker he put on Steve’s shield and saw he was indeed at HQ. So he flew right up to the glass doors of the Triskelion and ignored all of the warnings SHIELD relayed to him about his flight pattern. He was met by a dozen angry agents. He nodded to them and said, “I hear you have my boss here. He’s tall, blond, and in his nineties, probably here about social security benefits.”
“I have been trying!” Thor gasped with confusion.
Rhodey would be cursing up a storm and trying to convince him out of it.
So, of course, when they’re about to go to bed they had to make love one more time and then promptly collapsed with exhaustion.
It was…fun.
“I left him at May’s with Wade. May had taken out Peter’s 2
Life sucked.
“There’s noth –.”
Steve pulled Tony’s jeans down to his knees and nibbled at the flesh just above the waistband to his boxers. His chest was pressed into Tony’s waist and he could feel him hardening beneath him.
Steve did so without question and even slid under the blankets with him. But, as soon as he lifted the comforters, the light from his reactor illuminated both of them and Steve paused as his eyes were irrevocably drawn to the lines on his chest peeking out from his shirt collar.
“STEVE?!” Tony gasped. He heard the scrape of Tony’s shoes as he rushed over to him then he heard Tony gasp into his communicator, “The Captain is down! Jarvis send me a suit!”
“Ughhhh, my voice?” Tony guessed. The dream world was silent with the exception of their own voices.
He was a fast swimmer and cut through the cold water at Olympic speeds. It was early June and people were on shore, sunbathing or playing in the surf, and they all stared at him as he walked out of the ocean fully clothed. The bathing suits for both the men and women were scandalous and Steve avoided looking at any of them as he scurried out of sight.
But his masters had always gotten him back in the end.
Tony groaned again and automatically wrapped his arms around himself. Steve murmured, “We’ll just keep each other warm.”
“…He’s right, though” Steve murmured wetly to Peter. His mind reflected to Tony’s caring nature and how upset he would be to see them in such a state. “Tony would not want this…”
Steve licked his lips, tasting a trace of Tony, and whispered, “Oh, you bet I will.”
“Just say when and I will bring him or you can come to the tower and see him whenever you want,” Steve promised and was rewarded with grateful smiles from both of them. Tony grasped him shoulder and Steve looked up and saw him smiley widely at Steve. Steve returned to smile and clapped his hand over Tony’s.
Steve nestled his face against Tony’s hair and his heavy arm draped over his side, drawing him closer to him.
Tony inwardly sighed in relief and said, “Yes, yes that is exactly what I am looking for.”
“What’s it look like?” Bucky snapped back. He untucked himself from beneath Tony’s arm and pushed him toward Steve. Steve took on all his weight as Bucky said, “I’m gonna get us a Jeep.”
Clint and Bucky were at her side in an instant, saying her name and checking her over without moving her. His parents were there next, hovering worriedly over her. Clint glanced over his shoulder at him and looked at him with this stare he’d never seen before…like…like Peter had done something monstrous.
“C’mere Wilson, pull up a chair,” Natasha called him over. Wade and Peter exchanged glances and then Wade wordlessly left Peter’s side to join them at the counter.
By Tony’s reaction...he clearly didn’t feel as strongly toward him as Steve did. It didn’t lessen Steve’s love, but it certainly made it feel tragic like Peggy suggested.
“My body’s excited to be touching you too,” Steve gasped and he gripped Tony’s hips tightly as if to keep him there. Tony pushed down on Steve and his friend bit down on his lip to keep from groaning.
Fury was at Cable’s side in moments. They greeted each other with tough nods and then Fury started to talk to him, probably giving him an update on the situation.
Wade nodded encouragingly and Peter quickly finished his water before standing up and leaning into his boyfriend.
The sound of his name on her hushed lips made him shiver. He breathed against her lips, “I promise,
Tony closed his eyes and touched his nose to Steve’s but he moved no closer. He waited for Steve to make the next move. Steve gulped, his throat suddenly feeling extremely dry. He parted his lips slightly and closed his eyes as he lifted his jaw toward Tony.
Tony rose a single brow and sarcastically stated, “I don't know if you had noticed but I had been otherwise preoccupied at the time.”
But he couldn’t go out in his Spidey uniform again so soon after being nearly discovered in it. He had considered it, but his stomach curdled with unadulterated fear. What if it happened again? What if he was exposed again?
Tony glanced around and wasn’t surprised that a number of people, including the two women who had given him the bench, saw their timers go off and their odd interaction. Unsurprisingly, they were openly staring at them for their lack of excitement.
Uncle Clint sat on the tips of his toes on one of the kitchen stools and watched it all with his sharp eyes. Uncle Bruce and Thor sat on the couch, Uncle Thor had a steadying hand on Uncle Bruce’s shoulder. Uncle Bruce was still a little green.
Eddie carefully poured the contents of a thin test tube into a burette (an elongated measuring tube). Once he emptied the test tube he stopped pouring and released an unsteady breath. He put one of their larger beakers beneath it. The burette contained the base to their solution and would connect everything in the beaker together. Without it, everything would be a useless mass similar to kinetic sand. It’d barely stick together and wouldn’t even have the ability to react nonetheless do what they wanted.
For the first time in his life, Steve regretted the responsibility that came with his post as Captain America...
He put a threatening hold on Harry’s shoulder. His son flinched from the touch and began to cry in earnest.
Yet Peter’s mood only worsened.
This fic, as the rest of the fics in this series, are all seen from Steve's POV. So if you are reading this for Bucky/Nat you will not get much insight into their feelings. In addition, the marriage tag is in reference to Steve and Tony.
Heimdall tightened his hold on his sword as he considered his prince’s words. He reflected on the moment Thor was thrown to Midgard and the moment the Captain awoke from his decades sleep. He also recalled his duty to Asgard and what it may mean for Asgard if Thor was sidetracked by the affairs of Midgard.
“None of us have spoken to Jane or any of the others about Peter,” Natasha stated grimly, her glare never wavering from Loki.
They both lay in the warm water with leadened bodies and dwindling heartbeats.
Stark stared up at him blankly, the shock evident on his face.
Wade slumped a little and put his hand over Peter’s. Rubbing his thumb lightly over Peter’s knuckles, he began his tale of Department X.
“I don’t care what you say. You deserve everything and so much more. I’m going to get you bundles and bundles of flowers,” Tony promised as dug his fingers into Steve’s scalp. Steve pushed him down and hummed noncommittally as he continued kissing the area around Tony’s reactor, his mind already on other, better things.
“I know,” Steve replied, his heart breaking. He scooted forward and wound his arms around Tony’s waist and pressed his face into the small of Tony’s back. His heart was beating frantically in his chest as his worry grew. What would Tony do??
Steve turned back around and discouragingly murmured, “
“Listen guys,” Pepper said with a sigh. “The stark truth of it is, you need to be more than friends by the end of the week if you want Stark Enterprises to stay afloat.”
“We have no comment,” Tony stated gruffly, his voice biting through their sea of voices. They surged upon them, his statement having the exact opposite effect Tony had hoped for. The reporters all tried to push their microphones into their faces and with the layers of bodies trying to get at them, all they succeeded in doing was crush Steve, Tony, and Peter in the middle of their jostling bodies.
,” Peter gasped, grabbing Wade tightly. Peter swatted at him for the move and Wade happily laughed as he fell back into the bed with his arms folded over his head. He gazed up at Peter loving his stubborn frown. That frown grew into a warm smile and Peter blushed but his gaze did not break away from Wade’s.
“Why did you take Peter?” Steve growled to Loki. He bounced Peter softly as he began to hiccup. Even with his body brimming with anger, Steve handled his son with the gentlest of touches.
Steve wordlessly reached out to the photo and Tony bent down and picked it up for him. Steve held the photo between them and stared down at it expressionlessly for several long moments. Finally, he stated, “We look good here.”
Peter looked to Uncle Tony and whatever expression was on his face made his uncle react the way he did.
we were in love. I want to celebrate it all!”
The only solace he had was that he’d see his friend soon in heaven at least.
“I am sorry,” she whispered so low that she doubt any of the humans in the room would have heard it. She pulled the metal object from her pocket and slowly but cautiously slid it into one of his curled hands.
– you will obey me!”
Two women stood together on one side of the lab, watching the news through a computer. They both looked up upon his entrance and Peter saw recognition and shock flicker through both of their gazes.
Steve grabbed Tony’s cock with one hand, cupping him from outside his trunks. Tony rutted into Steve’s hold and lost himself to absolute ecstasy. He felt his orgasm race through him, lighting up all the neurons in his brain, and setting off sensation all along the pathways of his nervous system. It took him only few gyrations to come into Steve’s hand but it was the most amazing sensation he had ever felt.
00000:00.00:00:15:01
Clint grinned and waved his fingers as he said, “Good luck!”
“I'm glad you're enjoying the show,” Steve replied drolly.
Tony smirked and replied, “Oh, it’s pretty exclusive. I know only of two people who can do it.”
Steve pressed Tony closer to him and gasped, “Oh, Tony…I’m so sorry. He sounded like a good man.”
“It’s just silent…strangely silent. Almost as if they were on lockdown.”
Steve swallowed and reminded himself that this was real. No more guilty fantasies and dreams.
Steve rubbed his face one more time and replied, “Yes…" He sighed and his thoughts immediately went to his son. This was the longest he had been away from Peter and not even ten minutes had passed. He murmured, "I’m going to check on Peter.”
Bucky sighed and crossed his arms over his chest. He felt useless as he stared at the two men. But what could he do? Originally, he could’ve protected the future by nagging Steve and Tony to death but…he could do nothing against Tony’s illness.
He kept his face blank but he couldn’t stop his eyes widening when he looked at the man sitting beside him. Peter immediately knew who he was though he never met him as Peter Parker and he’d never seen him with his mask off.
“My scans are complete, Sir and found nothing out of the usual. Do you wish to proceed to your lab?”
“Yeah, do you know his family?” Sam asked, looking up from the file.
“J, show me the scans!” He demanded. Jarvis opened the two he just took, the full bodied one and one with its head cut off, and one of the last scan he took over a year ago, before he went to the past.
Tony was at his side in seconds and hovering worriedly around him, clearly wanting to touch him but too afraid to do so in fear of hurting him further.
Seconds later, a suit flew up to them. It opened for Tony in midair and Tony jumped to go in – only to fall as his suit was shot down by one of Kilian’s men.
The prosecution were shushing the young woman, trying to get her to calm down, but she was screeching like a wild animal and would not stop as she tried to claw her way to Steve. She stared at Steve with eyes that were mad with rage and need.
much of his life. Tony bit down on his lips to keep them from trembling as his tremendous emotions threatened to spew out.
“You okay, Cap?” Tony asked. “You weren’t hit, were you?”
His fingers jerked when his eyes landed on the suit. He blinked a few times, unsure if he was really seeing this. Slowly, but steadily, his heart began to drop as he took in the glaringly obvious changes to it.
When Dr. Erskine created a new serum and another super soldier, he killed the good doctor, obviating the knowledge of the serum, and then destroyed his super soldier, leaving him to die in the icy Atlantic. This made the Red Skull the only super soldier thereby the strongest man on the planet.
Natasha glared accusingly at them and hissed, “What? Did you think the U.S.S.R. would be satisfied with one malfunctioning super soldier?” She motioned to Bucky then dropped her hand, clenching her fist at her side. She turned around so all they could see was her back. Her shoulders shook and Steve knew she was trying to compose herself.
But first, Steve had to defeat the Red Skull, change the tide of the war, and thereby save Tony’s life.
Steve felt his heart leap into his throat and desperately looked around him. A large pipe, as tall as he was, lay a foot away. He dragged himself over to it and used it to pick himself up. Using the pipe more like another leg than a cane, he made his way over to the triad of tense people.
Steve head snapped up and he gasped, “No! Please—please don’t!”
Tony snorted and then asked the couple in the attached kitchen, “Do some shopping this morning?”
“Had you accepted me sooner, they did not have to have died,” Venom stated, making Peter nauseated. Venom soothed, “All is right now. We are one. We will save lives. We will not kill.”
Through it all, Steve strenuously whispered, “You shouldn’t be scared. I’m here, love. I’m h-.”
Peter wanted to be with Wade forever.
Tony grasped his cheek and made Steve look back at him. Tony promised, “Then I’ll tell you what happened and I will happily redo any kisses you forgot or we can make so many new memories that you would’ve been bound to forget the others in the meantime…” Tony traced his thumb over Steve’s cheekbone and whispered, “No matter what, you are my soulmate and a few memories won’t change that.”
Peter's brows pinched together and he asked, "What?"
Laying on the ground was James.
The blue light disappeared in a snap and he fell forward, gasping air returned to his lungs and his suit began to recalibrate.
She stepped forward, bringing her within his personal space and keeping her hand extended to him.
“We have to get up, soldier,” Steve said with a chuckle and lightly ran his hands gently over his back to try to wake him up.
It made sense…If Steve knew Tony was about to confess his feelings and change the game plan then he reacted accordingly…it was – but it was totally out of character of Steve.
“Jarvis?” Tony murmured in surprise. Steve turned around and saw Tony peering down at the ground which should have been opening and dismantling the armor from his person. Louder, he repeated, “Jarvis??” As if the AI did not hear him.
“Like a man, treading a dangerous path,” Jarvis stated. Tony had informed the AI of his intentions that morning and, unsurprisingly, it did not approve.
“Never!” Steve teased, lightly bumping Tony’s foot with his.
“I want to make love to you,” Steve whispered. His hand was still on Tony’s crotch and was slowly rubbing it. Steve’s body moved with his hand, like a wave being pulled by the tide…and apparently Tony’s dick was the moon.
His suit opened and faces were suddenly hovering above him. He recognized no one, but he knew that would change soon. Jarvis probably notified his friends of his return as soon as he confirmed the connection.
“…Wait, ‘friend’? I thought…” Her voice dwindled as the truth dawned on her. Tony was grateful for the face shield sliding over his expression to hide from her scrutinizing gaze. She asked, “You two ended it? I thought you were going to…”
“No, you are involved. When you put your mind to something, you can accomplish anything!” Steve argued the very thing that gave him hope, because his soulmate was amazing. If anyone could do this, it was Tony.
Tony pinched his brows together and huskily asked, “Where were we?”
Howard pulled back and cupped his face and gasped, “Look at you! How much time has passed on your end?? It must’ve been years! Look at all that grey hair! You’re near old enough to be my father!” Tony chuckled wetly and Howard put his hand over Tony’s heart and asked, “The Palladium poisoning?”
“Hey now, no talking like that,” Wade murmured. “I’m alright. The boo-boos are healing right up! Nothing can kill me, not even Death, and trust me, she’s tried a lot.”
“Okay, we’ll even make popcorn,” Tony replied. But his attention was already being averted. He opened up the security feed for their quarters on Earth and watched with wide eyes as their younger selves peered at their collage of family pictures.
That first night, after Steve put Peter to bed, Ben sat down with Steve and they recollected the old times, they had grown up in nearly the same era. From there they talked into the night about life and the future. Ben listened to his doubts and plans and readily supported and believed in him. He and the older man immediately struck a friendship, having shared the same views and beliefs.
They shouldn't have gone looking for Peter.
An hour ago, Steve told himself he would do anything to help Tony and Peter.
Peter pulled him over to the pool table and said, “To give you the quick catch up, we’ve been dating and he saved me from Venom.”
Bucky gave Steve a strange look as replayed what Steve said to him. It was so incredulous that Bucky found himself grasping for words. How could he have not noticed this about his friend? How could he have been so blind?
“How long have you been here?” Peter grumbled, flushing to himself as he sank back into the mattress and drew a blanket over his waist.
“It’s more than good, it's a way of life,” Wade countered and grabbed his own piece. He didn't take off his gloves like Peter had but he did shove up his mask in order to take a big bite.
The red he had taken from Dad’s Iron Man armor and it mostly was a reminder to Peter of his Dad’s passion: for life, for his work, and for his family. When his dad set his heart to something, he got it done and he got it done right.
“Pete, why don’t you let your Uncle Bucky show you how it is done,” Bucky suggested. Even if they had not been expecting it, they would have paused to stare so they did just that. Peter also paused and looked at Bucky in shock. Natasha frowned and looked like she was about to rebuff him so Bucky quickly stated, “Think of it as a chance to freely punch me without Steve jumping in to stop it.”
Natasha used Steve’s distraction and broke away from his hold. She stiffly walked away from them and straight to Peter. She encased Peter in a hug and murmured, “I’m sorry, Peter. I will come back later.”
“I’m sorry too,” Peter whispered. He didn’t want to fight with Wade or his father. He wanted peace between all of them.
Tony rose into the air, angled his body, and then the suit took off at top speeds, racing past the volley of helicopters in seconds.
Tony leaned back into the bed as Steve shifted himself into his arms. Steve positioned himself over Tony and then pressed his body into him so they were touching from their chests to their legs. They both were starting to harden and rubbed into each other to encourage the process along.
They shared another kiss, this one was slow and they breathed as one, sharing the same precious, life-giving inhalations. Steve’s hands trailed under Tony’s shirt, feeling for his lover’s heartbeat. It fluttered just to the left of his arc reactor. Steve gripped his pectoral and kneaded the flesh and drew his thumb over his nipple. Tony hissed sharply into his mouth.
“Hello?” He called out, “Is anyone there? Peggy? Stark?...Anyone?”
Tony had limited their intimacy in order for Steve to heal faster but his super solider was definitely more than a little sassy today, maybe he was alright to receive more friendly attentions.
The General pointed his gun at Steve just as he raised his fist to catch the shield.
. So much so that he will eventually be begging you to kill him in the end…So, as you’re sitting here, imagine it. Imagine breaking your soulmate and knowing there is nothing you can do to stop it. Imagine his blood on your hands. Imagine drawing that blood from his body, drop by tiny drop.”
“Tony?” Steve breathlessly asked into the receiver.
“Don’t look at her,” one of the lawyers whispered and Steve’s eyes snapped forward.
After his short talk with Coulson, Clint immediately called Natasha and she guessed, “Coulson?”
Steve pulled back to cup Tony’s face and stated with the utmost certainty, “Wherever you are, that is my home…whether it be California or New York…1945 or 2009. It’s you and me, Tony.”
As he expected, after a second of shocked filled silence, the audience jumped to their feet and screamed. Steve grinned widely as cameras flashed and Marston’s jaw fell open as if unhinged. It took much longer for the audience to settle down but Marston’s grin returned in a flash. He traded a thankful, knowing glance with Tony and let his audience calm themselves down.
“Yes!” Bucky gasped, stepping into their room. He began to pace and Steve leaned back against the headboard. He could tell it was going to be a long night.
Steve flinched and stared dejectedly at his hands. She was right... He had abandoned Peter and that was definitely something - something horrible. He flushed red from shame and bit down on his lip.
“Oh, I don’t think it likes me,” Wade replied and he coughed, clearing his throat of blood. “I think the number of times it shish-kabobed me shows how it really thinks of me. But I think it’s tolerating me, right
They shared a pot of coffee and laughter together and, by the way they looked at each other, no one would have questioned the validity of their relationship.
She shrugged, Natasha’s way of saying you’re welcome.
Steve dropped his head and whispered, “That’s all I can do.”
The cop ran up to him and asked, “Hey kid, are you alright? What happened?”
“Well thanks, that’s nice of you,” Steve laughed.
“Papa?” Peter looked questioningly at him and Steve realized he had been staring at Tony’s door for a while.
He did not recognize their flag.
Steve sat up sharply an eyed the large crowd uneasily. Tony grasped his hand and murmured, “Nervous?”
given Tony a chance.
“He…He wouldn’t even look at me when I was carrying him. I doubt he’ll speak to me…” Steve murmured dejectedly.
“…We didn’t say anything in front of Tony because we knew he’d go running to Peter and try to take it from him…but, if our suspicions are confirmed and it’s like the Hulk, this thing probably won’t go away easily…” Bucky murmured ominously. “We don’t want Peter to get hurt.”
None of them could save him.
He stopped in his tracks and stared up at the tower in shock. It was under construction but was already one of the tallest skyscrapers in the city.
Internally, Peter was excited for the future and his career. This was a giant leap away from the mechanical science his father did. This was going to establish Peter Parker’s identity, not as the “cloned” son following in his father’s footsteps, but as a biological scientist.
do you
“She thinks you are as at fault as much as Hydra in the torture they put her through.”
He tried to block out the memories at first and only think of Pops. The guilt alone he felt for what happened to Pops would have crippled him with the utmost despair. Pops begged him not to blame himself and Peter tried but there was no denying that a good portion of this was his fault.
Howard beamed widely and pulled Tony into another tight embrace. He whispered, “I want to know everything that happened since I last saw you…but I doubt you will tell me because of the dang ol’ time continuum again?”
,” Steve gasped.
His parents were dead.
Venom took note of this and his wariness grew. There was bound to be a trap ahead.
They both laughed and answered the call. It was a video chat so Tony positioned the phone so all three of them were in it and Tony greeted Bucky with a happy, “Hello~!”
The Iron Man suit flew into view, over the treetops and Tony. It did not pause to pick up Tony but flew straight at Ross. Ross grunted as the suit impacted him and propelled them both several yards away from Steve and Peter.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Normal ones?’ Peter replied as he smirked to himself.
Steve inhaled slowly, calming his nerves and forcing his feelings aside. He raised his hand and have the signal to move forward.
“Iron Man,” Tony supplied gruffly at the subject change.
Until 1984, when it suddenly beeped loudly in the middle of the night.
Steve pushed himself up and peered down at himself. He was naked and his skin was the same ugly red and pink mesh from when he was last burned badly yet this time it seemed to cover his entire body. His flesh was tender and hurt but he easily ignored it in favor of the shock of coming back to life…again.
!” Steve hissed loudly, finally making a noise. Tony kept at it and Steve’s trembling intensified and his shallow breathing became more ragged. Steve put a hand over his mouth to smother any sounds that might escape and Tony stopped bobbing his head to give special attention to the head of Steve's cock. A needy sound vibrated through Steve's throat that was so deep and hot that Tony felt it in his own cock. Tony moved his tongue faster and he felt Steve tense. Eventually, Steve started to hiss, “I’m going to – I’m going to come –
“Good, Clint may be trained by SHIELD but he’s not as ruthless as those two when it comes to interrogation.”
They both were wearing loose clothing so undressing was quick but they both paused to take in each other’s nude forms. Tony had seen Steve naked before as he was defrosting but seeing him like this: his raw strength, his vulnerable gaze, and even his half hard cock, showing his arousal
The Goblin.
and being ousted in the forties meant being arrested! And we can say we didn’t tell anyone about our relationship now because we wanted to keep it private! Tyler can claim you raped her all she wants but with your alibi, Pepper’s testimony as to why she was fired, and your dating
They flew back in a quinjet. Wade didn’t let go of him even when they were sitting down. Peter leaned into Wade’s side as his parents relayed what had happened since he last saw them. Mostly it was the media freaking out and replaying the interview he’d done that morning nonstop.
Ten minutes later, Tony and Bruce were in Tony’s workshop with several holograms open and Tony sitting in front of them with Bruce hovering behind him. Tony was typing madly and Bruce uneasily stated, “I don’t think this is such a good idea anymore.”
“Okay, Steve, that just flipped off my sarcasm switch,” Tony stated seriously. He leaned over Steve, touching the right side of his face where he was not too badly burned. “Honey, what’s wrong? Please don’t be dying. You are not allowed to do so without my permission. So if you are dying, stop it. Stop it right now!”
And what about his mother?
Tony turned back to his screen and opened Steven’s file again. He did it automatically and he blanked on a reason why he did it for a second as his mind was still reeling from his emotional encounter with Pepper. But then he realized her tone had reminded him of his would-be-savior’s.
“It is real, jerk,” Tony replied cheerfully. Bucky flinched and Tony sobered up and assured, “You’re free from the nightmare. You’re safe…”
Tony cocked his head in question and Steve chickened out. He could brave everything Hydra had thrown at him but facing another rejection from Tony scared him to his core. Instead, he said, “Good luck.”
He was home.
actual Steve Rogers. As in Captain America, my platonic, back-from-the-dead friend who is in no way in a romantic relationship with me. Steve this is Pepper, a person I actually was once in a romantic relationship with because for my entire life I’ve dated women and only women so I don’t know why one of those said women would immediately assume I’m banging some dude... Oh, and if you call her Ms. Potts, like Jarvis does, she will poke out your eye.” Tony grinned cheekily at Pepper but the woman was staring at Steve with a critical eye. She still did not believe Tony’s explanation. Tony sighed and asked Steve, “Can we show her the shield? I don’t think she’ll believe me until she sees it.”
“Your allies did not escape from the battle unscathed,” Heimdall replied and turned his golden gaze to Midgard. As he watched the Midgardians, Heimdall relayed, “The Man of Iron is sick with an internal darkness that can only be healed by the Captain of the Avengers, yet, he sleeps like your father in a type of Odinsleep that they believe is healing and recharging his body.”
He was shirtless and his chest had most of the shrapnel removed and was a bloody mess.
“Where awe we?” Peter murmured curiously.
Despite what many must have thought, with all the rumors and the playboy stigmata he carried, Tony was a romantic at heart. It probably didn’t help that he’d jokingly tell people that he’d go to a strip club when his timer was about to go out. In the end, it was his damn heart that pushed him to decide he was going to be sitting on the very bench his parents had first met when he finally met
Steve reached over and lightly rubbed his arm. He murmured, “Once he sees that Wade is serious about you too, I doubt he will throw up any more of a fuss. Right now, he’s in his protective father mode because he wants to keep you safe…but he also wants you to be happy.”
“Peter!” Uncle Bucky gasped and his aunt and uncle scrambled out of their recliner.
“You didn’t have to wait up for me,” Peter said apologetically, feeling bad about the late hour.
just so he knew he was still alive! But Tony was just as unresponsive as Bucky.
Yet the figure bent down beside Steve and he immediately recognized his savior.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve chuckled and replied, “I never would have guessed.”
“He ate breakfast…” She glanced at the clock. Steve knew it to be sometime around 8 o’clock and she clarified, “He ate breakfast in the
“Do you see it?” Steve implored, “
The Soldier slithered over to the light switch and turned on the overhead light. The shadows were chased away from the illumination but nothing in the small room was seemingly amiss.
But Steve wanted things he shouldn’t.
The cut was bleeding sluggishly and Steve put pressure on it. Tony hissed and Steve admonished, “You should have told me you were hurt!”
“I am sorry Master Rogers, I cannot go against Sir’s orders,” was all he would say.
“Aye, aye, mon Capitaine!”
He couldn’t remember the last time he laughed about something involving Gwen. It felt cleansing.
“…Why did you go against the directive?” The man grunted, pulling Natasha’s knife out of his leg. He dropped the blade on the ground behind him and kept his gun trained on her the entire time.
“Would you like to hold a ceremony? You are about to lose your virginity,” Tony teased.
He was probably so brainwashed that he would act on his master’s command with no question. He’d even kill her if his master wanted it. He would have no choice or control.
Tony flushed when his chested swell with excitement at the idea. He tried to play it cool and shrugged. He stated, “You don’t have to.”
“Peter!?” Steve hissed, jumping forward to catch him.
Tony laughed and asked, “So I guess this means yes?”
Steve nodded and without another word stomped out of the tent with Tony in his arms. Peggy had a smaller Command tent set up for the British liaisons part of the company. Mostly the espionage for the company went through her so she needed the privacy to hold onto the secrets they had. It had enough room for a 4-person table and a few lockboxes to hold her coded paperwork.
. You don’t have to fight here,” Tony stated.
“Thank you, Sam!!”
He did not want SHIELD to know who he was and he definitely did not want to be paid off for revealing his identity. He was one of the few superheroes left in the world whose identity wasn't public knowledge and he'd like it very much to keep it that way.
Tony clutched his chest with a pained expression and with his other hand he grasped Steve’s hand tightly. Steve almost pulled away, but Tony’s face pinched with absolute despair and he sobbed, “You…God, Steve, you’re not going to have to live long with it…”
Tony placed the arm on his counter and, as his back was to him, Bucky breathlessly asked him, “Is all of this real?”
Steve brushed his best friend's hand off and murmured, “It's nothing…”
Tony held his gaze, revealing nothing for a few seconds before finally breaking his emotionless façade with a smirk.
“Good,” she replied and pressed her mouth into his. He hissed sharply to collect his breath and then slid his arms behind her and drew her closer to deepen the kiss.
An Anon pointed out some legalities to me so I reworded the judge's verdict at the end of the hearing and also added a second testifier! It's only about a paragraph of information and it doesn't change the verdict but you're welcome to reread the end and make yourself more frustrated with it! :D
“Did I say heart condition?” Tony said in a lighthearted voice. He tapped on his chest and said, “I meant –
“Correct, you may proceed,” Tony said, waving the boys to the elevator. Peter and Harry went racing past them. Tony whispered, “Jarvis, I want you to scan Harry. Makes sure Norman did not slip any bugs on him.”
Steve turned and, without a care for the court, the judge, or anyone else who happened to be watching, grasped Tony’s face and pulled him into a deep kiss. The judge slammed his gavel and they broke apart.
Friday directed him to Steve, who was waiting for him in their living room. He was no longer on the phone with Coulson and, as soon as his eyes landed on Tony, his blue gaze became alight with joy.
“If SHIELD knew, they would be knocking on your door and having you sign your life away on the dotted line within the hour,” Rogers stated. “They are very efficient, especially with their paperwork…” He sighed and said, “I can’t give you any proof that SHIELD does not know. I can only give you my word.”
