Jane started to gently extricate herself from Sherlock’s embrace, eliciting sleepy grumbles and protests from her partner. Jane couldn’t help but giggle silently at how utterly and disarmingly endearing Sherlock was when asleep.
Now it was Mycroft's turn to nod, “They are. Now. But they were not then...and it still stains our relationship. I just let it pass when my mother seems to have forgotten how it was. No reason to stir up bad memories. I just keep silent. Just like you do when it comes to Harry.”
“What a way to go...”, John laughed. And did not worry more about that. Yes...they were all murderers...one way or another. Who was he to judge? And John would have to admit that when he had heard how bad Sherlock had been bullied at school: beaten repeatedly and at one occasion almost raped, John wouldn't have hesitated scaring such a bully so much that he wouldn't have dared to touch Sherlock again. John could see the irony in that as he himself had beaten Sherlock into a pulp at more than one occasion. But it didn't alter his feelings towards others....and on the other hand it didn't lessen his own guilt. And then he turned serious and asked, “And all the rest that happened it was because of the real 'Moriarty'?”
“I shot Magnussen. Got exiled. Moriarty returned on every screen and the plane turned around. I had tried to OD and scared the hell out of Mycroft. Then I was returned to Baker Street and was on house-arrest, until it was found out that nothing was to be found out about Moriarty. No wonder.....Mycroft had covered his tracks very skilfully as the idea about Moriarty's return had been his. Then the evil spirit from my childhood came back., Culverton, and then things get a bit blurred: Mary gave birth. And I have two sets of memories about that. One with a hospital and one with a tunnel and some explosions. You had a baby-shower........and a lot of people were there and then.......I got ill. And so did Rosie. But we celebrated her christening.....and..”
“Have they never taught you anything, you morons?, said that stranger, gesturing towards the imaginary Sherlock.
“Don’t you remember that I promised that if you managed to get Sherlock a royal pardon I would kiss your feet?” asked Mycroft.
And then Mycroft continued: ”And.....and if you want it ....there is a place at my parents estate....an initiated burial place......a place for her too, if you so wish!”
John took a deep breath, “Because I have to be careful around you, Sherlock. Not to overstep some boundaries. And then you would have to avoid overstepping them too. Regarding me.”
So many more secrets are revealed and Mycroft keeps on talking. Mycroft shows a hidden talent as well. So this is a long chapter too.
John nodded. Mycroft was right, and John felt that he could be allowed to show a bit more of his dark side being with Sherlock. And Sherlock was right, too. He wasn't made of glass.
“But we could make her life a bit more bearable”, continued Mycroft, “... And it worked. She now accepts visits. She can be in rooms, that are not stripped from anything that the most necessary. She can be outside in the nature and listen to music. She can eat normally and she reacts positively to other people without screaming and curling herself into a ball, as she did a lot of times, when the world became too much. And she communicates. Through art and music and sometimes words. She is so much better.....”
Greg just listened as Mycroft continued to tell a bit more about the 'Moriarty-broadcast' , that Mycroft of course had made to prevent Sherlock from leaving England until Mycroft had had more time to convince people, why Sherlock should have a pardon. There was no doubt about that pardon, as everything about Magnussen was revealed, but it was not until almost February, before everything could be proved and after that Mycroft continued, “You have read all the reports by now. Is there anything more, that you want to know?”
John was sitting in the train from Berlin to London via Calais. He was tired. His visit to the hospital, where Sherlock had been hospitalized, had been all right at first and seeing that Sherlock’s wound in his left thigh wasn’t that bad but only a soft tissue wound and Sherlock would be able to walk and run again, had been a relief. But after the first “Thank God you are alive” his continued conversation with Sherlock had not been nice.
Mycroft had smiled, “You were listening after all. No...not in Bulgaria. Here in England. You, John, are going to attend the 'The Afghani Veteran meeting, founded in 2000' in Birmingham and Greg is going to the 'Yearly assembly of retired London police-officers'.”
“Well ‘old friend’" he said, "because that is what you are now. Not an enemy...nor a temptation and here I am ...an old bugger talking to an inanimate thing. Get a grip on it, Sherlock!”
“Now I see...”, interrupted Greg, “That was the reason for you saying what you did to Hamish at our wedding..”
Sherlock had kissed John’s forehead gently and had whispered, “You wait for me on the other side, do you hear me!”
Greg took Mycroft's hand, the one with the new platinum ring on it, “You can. And besides. If the 'wedding night' is looked upon as the night, where the newly wed are supposed to have sex for the first time...then we sort of 'jumped the gun' almost 6 months ago, right after Hamish did prove so much that he is Sherlock's son and told us that we were in love, didn't we?”
Sherlock lifted his head a bit and looked at the almost empty bottles standing on the table under the window, “If...no...
Greg nodded and said, ““Turn over, Love”, and he winced a bit as he saw the welts on Mycroft's buttocks. Not too bad, though. Not breaking the skin. But they would hurt and it was tissue-damage even if the skin was not broken and there was no blood. Welts were tissue damage.
And then John had walked down the road with Rosie in her buggy and a freshness in his steps, as if John had been only twenty again. Sherlock could even hear John whistle.
Mycroft had nodded, “I know. And he paid a terrible price for that...” And then he had continued, “But I need you there. To observe.....”
“You are dressed like that too.”, he smiled and Sherlock looked down. He was wearing his clothes from that time too. The black bespoke suit, the white shirt, the blue scarf...and his Belstaff.
It proved more difficult than John anticipated to get the collar around Sherlock’s neck. John had four days off work because he had worked that tiring double shift. And Sherlock’s plan had been brilliant. John forgot everything about being tired because of the challenge. The whole evening while they were eating delivered take-away, John was planning how to get the collar around the neck of one of the most observant men in the world. It was not going to be easy!
Oh God, John hoped so much that Baker Street soon would be habitable again. Not that this flat wasn't nice...and bright...and everything. And it had been John's before he met 'Mary' and he had thought it just to be a place to survive even then. Needing so badly to be away from Baker Street 221B, if he shouldn't go totally mad, because John kept seeing and hearing Sherlock.
“Give me your phone, please, “ Sherlock said, suddenly filled with energy and John could only look in confusion as Sherlock opened John's and his own phones, removed the sim-cards and put them in two other phones and then dropped both his and John's phones into the water of one of the vases.
Sherlock stayed a bit out of his role again and said: “We do not need condoms.....I’m clean...and you are...” and his voice dropped even deeper as he said: “And I want you inside me....and I want you to mark me......to feel your searing hot semen in me....and I want you to fetch that butt-plug of mine in the nightstand and fill me up afterwards so I keep “you” inside me.....and I want to wear it all the time when we eat and watch telly.....and I’ll be a bit sore and so ready for you again!... Captain!”
“Don't be an idiot, Mycroft. I've been restrained by criminals since...and I had no panic attacks. I'll be fine. Please?”
John had sworn that he would never be like his father. But when he got up in the morning after only a few hours of sleep and looked in the bath-room mirror, he saw his father looking back at him. His abusive, alcoholic and homophobic father, who even had had the nerve to blame everything wrong with his life on his wife...and on his children. And John felt so ashamed. Because it was what he had done...just that he had never blamed Mary, who had deserved that, but he had blamed Sherlock for everything instead.
And that was the time where Mary entered too and she was the one to answer, “That was unfortunately real enough. But you are not being accused of anything since you were drugged up to your eyeballs. It was in the IV. And you had mixed something together at Baker Street, because you had decided that you didn't want to live like that any more. Those chemicals were interfering with each other and you lost your grip on reality and you were dying. Still are. Your vitals are plain out crazy. We are trying to get them normal, but as soon as one is looking all right, the others go out of balance. And then we decided that you weren't safe there. Too many governmental agents snooping around. So Mrs. Hudson's niece's ex-husband had this flat, and here you are.”
John nodded and Sherlock snuggled back into John's arms. It was easier to talk about difficult topics sitting like that, “Well. I came to the university early as I finished school early. And to top it up I was a 'late bloomer' too. I had of course my agreement with Mycroft, but that was not sex.....at least not in my mind. In my first year I attended a small music group. I played violin, a female teacher cello and another elderly man played the viola da gamba.
“But it had a purpose. Just like our cruel prank. But that is Mycroft's story to tell. He knows it better than me. The 'why'.....”
But Sherlock didn’t take his hand back....just shuddered and gave a sigh...almost a sob. His eyes were still worried...but not as bad as before.
And then he had walked downstairs to make four phone-calls. First Hamish and then the priest. Sherlock had made the arrangements...not that there was much to alter in the arrangements they had made several months ago, as John's health had faltered. The young priest had asked if he should come over. If Sherlock needed anything?
Sherlock excused as he woke up properly and John said that he didn't mind and that he had had the best sleep he had had for years actually! And then they didn't talk about it any-more as they ate breakfast. It was as if they both knew that they would have to have that talk....but not yet.
Sherlock smiled genuinely now....but could John still read a remnant of fear in Sherlock’s eyes? And Sherlock said in his deep voice: “I’m glad to hear that....I’m just a bit puzzled, John. Why did you kiss me?”
And Sherlock was on his knees and hands again, presenting himself so shamelessly that John had to squeeze the base of his own cock to prevent himself from coming on the spot .
And then they kissed a bit, before Sherlock stopped and said, “Do you still want to hear the rest? Because you can't keep on blaming yourself, John. Let it go. It happened....and it will not happen again. I have truly and wholeheartedly forgiven you. Now forgive yourself, John, or it might eat you up.”
“One in each nipple, and a Prince Albert. Sherlock...it is something I've dreamt about since I was a teenager. And now I will not postpone it any-more. Please?”
“Too much knowledge can be a burden, you know. And if you worry in advance, then you'll have doubled the trouble. Maybe..... when it is not necessary?”
Mycroft adjusted the cross a bit more, so Sherlock's legs were spread a bit more out. Sherlock's cock was almost fully erect and was pointing upwards, flat against his stomach...and his balls were hanging low and very accessible between his legs. Mycroft went to the cupboard and found a butt-plug and a 'parachute'. He had seen Sherlock's eyes dilate a bit as he looked at these two items in the cupboard.
“Well. It depends...Do you remember an incident...or several where you had hidden my cigarettes and I had nothing else stashed....and it is/was only very seldom that I had to “use”. Yes I know I promised, but I can tell you that it was only in the utmost need that I would “use”.....and it was only about once a year! But sometimes when I had honed my mind...tuned it...to be able to solve a case...then I couldn’t turn it down again. I was like a machine running wild!”
Mycroft laid down and looked up at the ceiling, taking care that only their hands did touch, “I'm such a pervert, Sherl. Wanting to fuck my own brother....as if it wasn't bad enough that we had to help each other the other way.”
John moved a bit away from Sherlock, so he could see his face, “You gave up your job and almost your life to save me....You got tortured in Serbia.....you...you....”
“Fine. I do trust you John. You'll never not obey a safe-word, so I think we can use the usual 'green', 'yellow' and 'red'...”
“Would I do that, if it was pee? We have established that your late husband was an idiot, Elizabeth. An idiot who couldn't recognize female ejaculation.” and he bowed down and began to lick her again. Gently, because he knew she would be sensitive.
After eating in front of the telly, they cuddled on the couch; John sitting upright and Sherlock curled up beside him, with his head in John’s lap, looking like an overgrown cat.
“Obviously 'Thomas' must have decided to disguise himself as his own son at some time.”, John said and continued, “There is a news-article here from the 1942 about a graveyard with two empty graves. It says: 'Grave robbers on the loose on local graveyard?', so the graves that 'Thomas' "son" had shown, could have been empty, both of them.”
John could smell something delicious and the mug with tea looked and smelled like something from heaven.
Mycroft sat up a bit and winced again. Oh yes...those sore buttock were going to give much pleasure. He smiled and said, “She contacted me and asked for a meeting and I agreed. I thought that she would be mad at me because of my suggestion of adopting your girls, in order to give them the best possibilities regarding educations and things outside school, like sports and holidays. But as she turned up, her purpose was to tell me, that she understood that that ask didn't come from a wish of taking Sophia and Elizabeth away from her, but from a wish to give them the best future possible. And she admitted that the reason for your divorce, was her infidelity..”
John remembered the things he'd told Mary back when he had just met her and they'd thought Sherlock was dead and John had told about Sherlock. It had been a long list of Sherlock's flaws and failures. Sherlock's inability to feel the pain of others, and his total disregard for John's feelings. Because seeing Sherlock like that had helped John coping. But none of it was true. John knew that now. Mary must have known that too.
John almost lost it when Sherlock was sprawled out like that: hugging a pillow, with his long legs a bit bent and spread and the elegant curve of his back and arse just covered in that thin blue silk.
In the dark, in their own bed in Baker Street, John couldn't sleep and Sherlock could hear him twist and turn and wanted to know what was wrong?
'The Twenty' had been relieved as they had found out that the two persons in the cellar had just been secretaries and as such.....had been 'disposable' and had told the Bulgarian group that they could do whatever they wanted to do to them. Maybe even get some governmental secrets out of them? And then of course kill them afterwards. No one were supposed to know about that meeting in the house. Those words should have sent that Bulgarian group on the run, because those exact words should have told them, that they wouldn't leave the house alive either. 'The twenty' had their own people and always made sure that no one outside their own 'army' ever would be able to tell anything.
“Yes I’m afraid so. But she is clever...so very subtle...very! Oh my God, John. I just came to think of.......did she give you anything that you should give to Sherlock?!”
“He had told me to shower and take and enema. Of course I knew that the bet included a sexual favour, but the enema puzzled me a bit...and then he rimmed me. That is why I wanted to do it to you. It was...intense and overwhelming and I wanted you to have that experience as well.”
It is not that I have forgotten you, dear readers. And it is actually finished. But still need to be beta'ed. So please be patient. It will be continued.
John's smile was filled with just as much mischief, as he whispered back into Sherlock's ear, “But I am....I am a military man. So I am 'going commando'. You have to be a bit careful not to 'dip' me too much when we dance.....and besides: I've taken care of 'old and new, borrowed and blue' as well. But you'll have to deduce that. Only that the 'blue' and 'borrowed', is one of Mycroft's.”
And John read about the terrorist organisation that “Mary Watson” or rather: Amelia Gretha Rossen-Allbress, born in the USA, had been a part of. A part of CIA that had gone rouge but still had access to the facilities of that American organisation. An organisation within the organisation. Their only goal had been to gain power, just for the power alone. How she had chosen to be freelance together with 5 others and had killed people all over the world for those who would pay. When she wanted to leave, the rest wanted her dead. It was those persons....now in custody.....that killed Mary. And this last action did cost them their freedom, as Mycroft’s men had spotted them!
Sherlock didn't know for sure, but he believed that John would still wake up early, even having lived with Mary and being out of the army for such a long time. John had still had that habit living with Sherlock so many years ago. But now they hadn't slept in the same room for years...except recently. And that had been so different, because of the emotional turmoil.
“On your stomach! Hands in front of you! Grip the restraints! Legs wide apart!” barked Captain Watson.
After John had stitched the wounds on Sherlock’s back he said: “I’ll have to look at your buttocks too.”
John’s shoulders sagged a bit: “I’ll listen....you can let go of my arms. At least I can listen. I owe you that much!”
Then Ella had just looked at him....and asked who that therapist had been and as John explained that, Ella had smiled a bit sadly and had said, “I'm afraid that you might have been drugged to. Just like Sherlock. The mentioned therapist....you can't possible have made an appointment with her. She has been abroad for several months now, taking care of her ill sister. Whomever you have met in her clinic, it can't have been her.”
There in that train a tired John finally acknowledged what a possibility he had thrown away and realized how much it must have hurt Sherlock that John this Christmas had chosen murderous Mary, who had almost killed Sherlock, over Sherlock and John realized that that had been Sherlock’s motive behind shooting Magnussen. That Sherlock’s life wasn’t worth living any more and that he just as well could give it up, securing the thing John wanted most of all: a wife and a child. And John understood that Sherlock hadn’t expected to get away from Appledore alive and had ordered John away from him because he had anticipated to be shot right there.
“Touch yourself, Love”, John ordered and as soon as Sherlock's hand was on his own cock and began to stroke, John pushed inside........and it was heaven. To feel that warmth and tightness around his cock was out of this world and as Sherlock impatiently pushed himself further down until he could feel John's balls on his arse, John had to stop for a few seconds...or he would have ejaculated right there and then.
Falling in the Thames in the middle of the winter could have ended Sherlock....and nearly being stabbed in the back by a mentally ill man could have ended John too.
And John sat back against the back of the couch and padded his thigh and Sherlock gracefully....almost like a cat...curled his long body up besides John and put his head in John’s lap. And John began...absent-mindedly... to caress Sherlock’s hair and scalp.
Turned to Sherlock, John asked “Love, show Mycroft your back. I think he was busy getting over here and didn’t watch what we were doing before.”
Sherlock stopped for a moment, even if Rosie protested a bit, before he continued, “Mary almost succeeded. But I can tell more about that, when Rosie has been cleaned up and you and I have time afterwards. I suppose Rosie is going to her day-care-family today as well?”
Sherlock looked thoughtful, “There are a few totally closed countries. He might have hidden in them. And there is a bottom below the 'bottom of society'. If he is there...was there...we can't find him. And shouldn't we just leave it there? He ruined himself and his father and mother too, and finding him will not mend Eurus nor me...”
Sherlock smiled and made a gesture round in the kitchen as to indicate the whole house, “More? I think we did manage to have sex on almost every furniture in your house. I have ruined 8 pair of your trousers with lube and semen and you have a nice collection of ties with my scent, in sealed containers....and a promise that I'll be happy to make more. I've had 3 of your fingers and several toys up my arse.....which by the way was....awesome....and I've had my fingers and toys up yours as well. And you have shown me, that you could make me come only by rimming me. I've been caned and cropped and flogged and you have too....We still have faint marks on our buttocks and backs, so what can be left to try?”
And Mycroft closed his eyes, arched of the couch and white spurts erupted from his cock. That was the moment where Sherlock swiftly did put first a needle through Mycroft's left nipple and then the right. That pain prolonged Mycroft's orgasm...and he lost consciousness for a few seconds.
And so were Sherlock and John....The right place: 221B Baker Street, London, England...and together again. Nothing could be better. Even if Sherlock still performed experiments in the kitchen, played violin in the night and refused to sleep and eat while they were working on a case. But there were changes: they now shared Sherlock’s bedroom and bed and after less than a year there were nice matching platinum rings on their ring-fingers and a marriage-certificate in the drawer.
Mary looked terrible. Her face was bruised and the rest of her head was bandaged and she was of course hooked up on several life supporting machineries, and as John looked in her journal he found that it was a miracle that she was still alive. She had been on the operation table two times already and was now waiting for the next operation. This one in her head...again.
Sherlock looked in horror at John as he continued, “Rosie got very ill. And I thought it was my fault and I came to your new house almost only in my dressing gown, because I wanted to save her.....”
Sherlock tells John about something that happened in his teenage years. A few things about Mycroft are revealed too.
And the syringes and the small glass vials remained untouched for decades in their little box hidden under the floorboards in their bedroom.
“OK. What about your father and mother. Do you forgive them...or at least understand why they were as they were?. And Harry....for not being as strong as you?”
Sherlock smiled, “Well there is only one way to find out, isn't there. A leap out into the unknown.”
John hurried to kneel in front of Sherlock, “Hey Love. Now you listen very carefully to me. I will never
“...because that made me vulnerable. You were a subject for blackmailing.....for being a hostage. No one has ever meant so much to me before. No one! I realised that in the moment where I saw you in that semtex-vest in that pool-room. I have to admit that I for a fraction of a second thought you were Moriarty....But soon realised my mistake.....and the thought of you being blown to pieces was unbearable. I would have offered myself to Moriarty...to do with whatever he pleased...if I had thought that it could have saved you. I couldn’t think....I couldn’t plan.....all I could think was....”oh god...no...please....not John!” And that is no good standing in front of a psychopath! How upset I was ...I don’t even know if you noticed.....but I actually scratched my head with a loaded gun!”
“Red...sir! Red! Unless.... you want me..... to come without.... permission!” Sherlock suddenly stuttered.
“A murderer...yes. As are you...and me. As are a lot of other persons. Including our sweet not-your-housekeeper-Mrs-Hudson. She once killed one of Frank's enemies, because he threatened to shoot both of them. She is rather fierce with a frying pan.”
“Only because he has allowed it.....believe me. He is incredible strong...has always been. As a child doctors even wanted to investigate why he was that strong. It is not to be seen on him.....when he has lost weight he is almost lean.....meagre.....but it is all muscles!”
Sherlock looked at his phone for a long time before he typed the words. He wasn’t even sure that John would even answer after their last conversation more than a week ago. And therefore he hadn’t dared to contact John. Mycroft had said that Sherlock ought to.
And Greg swallowed, “That you have risked your life more than one time, and was prepared to die to protect others. Now you have asked me to come here today. 'Asked'...not demanded.....and you have changed. I don't know what to believe any more. I...I thought you to be the epitome of 'sitting on a high horse' morally seen....”
Mycroft smiled, “I just wonder how I could forget that, because know I do remember all the red fur that ended on my school-uniform.”
John hurried upstairs to get dressed and as he came down, Mycroft and Sherlock was in the living room, Sherlock in his chair and Mycroft on the couch and both had a cup of tea in front of them...and a third ...in a mug....was waiting for John at his chair.
And John first looked at a picture attached to the front. It looked old and resembled Mycroft. Only that that man on the photo was absurdly obese. (imagine a picture of obese Mycroft from TAB)
Sherlock had risen and had gone to John and had kissed him, “I know, and I would gladly have given my life again....for you, so you could live after having been shot. Even if that pill from that cabbie wouldn't have killed me, I would have died so many other times, if you hadn't been there....”
Sherlock had stilled and John had prepared for fighting back. Sherlock was incredible strong and John knew that what he was doing, was only possible, because Sherlock allowed it. But Sherlock didn't fight back. He just took a deep breath. John could feel the nervous energy in Sherlock's body. Sherlock was trembling ever so slightly and John knew that Sherlock was fighting his own impulse to 'safe-word out'.
When Sherlock had brought it up that he wanted to collar John, John had protested and asked if it wasn’t enough that Sherlock ordered him around like he did outside their bedroom, in their flat and outside their front door, and that he’d mentioned before that he’d had his fair share of pain, thank you very much!
And at an agora....somehow looking like an old Roman place, with pillars of marble and tiles of marble too, some people were standing, looking towards John and Sherlock and they were greeted by them all: Greg, Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock's parents, Eurus and Lady Elizabeth amongst others.
John turned his head so he could look into Sherlock's wonderful eyes, “Oh God. I love you so much....and sex with you is the most fantastic sex, I've ever had....and now I've ruined it...”
Sherrinford had seen the exchange between Sherlock and John but didn't react upon it and just continued, “And I ended up moving abroad to the States...”
Seven days after John had visited Balmoral and had been able to tell Mycroft that a royal pardon was on its way, Mycroft turned up in Baker Street with two bottles of that ridiculously fine whisky that he previously had shared with John. John had said “good-bye and thank you for your hospitality” to Mycroft and Andrea only two days before. He had decided to move back into the flat in Baker Street and Sherlock had been delighted and had said so as they wrote together on the phones. It was still too much of a security risk just to phone.
Sherlock nodded, “My right earlobe and my nipples. But I haven't worn jewellery in the holes for many years. I think the holes are closed, healed. They did fit with my disguise as 'Björn Siegerson', but I removed them at a point. It was too dangerous to flash piercings....and now? I don't know....maybe I'll find out if the holes are still there, later.”
Then John bent down to suck at the left one...and felt something against his lips. He lifted his head and looked again and then he asked, “My God, Sherlock. Are you pierced?”
But Sherlock showed his strength by not just giving in and let John totally decide, because he kissed back, licked that spot on John's neck that made John's knees buckle and whispered, “I want you to do your worst! Ruin my fine kilt...and my shirt. Give the cleaners something to think about and...Oh God...the things I want to do to you......captain!”
John could almost feel Sherlock's eyes burning into his back as he did all that, but not a question came over Sherlock's lips.
The three young men looked at him, suddenly understanding the gravity of all the small pieces of evidence they had gathered after all.
He looked through the contents of that old suitcase: first a very old and very genuine kilt. No sporran or anything else. Just the kilt. A heritage from an old uncle in Scotland....and John being a Watson was actually entitled to wear the kilt. But as he had inherited as a 10 year old boy he had never tried it on. Well...maybe another day. Thank god no clothes moth had been there. Maybe caused by the heavy scent of camphor that still clung to the woollen cloth. John carefully tucked it away in the white cloth that had been wrapped around the kilt to protect the pleats and the fabric.
John took a large mouthful and the tea was perfect. John smiled at Sherlock, who had returned to the kitchen, “Who are you, gorgeous...and what have you done to my flatmate?!”, John asked.
And he had indeed been a “Lord Abington”. John had asked Sherlock how he had known and Sherlock had just looked at John and said: “Look at his bone-structure. It is similar to mine even if I’m not the higher aristocracy” (But in fact Sherlock had been aristocracy as Mycroft recently had admitted). “A bit odd features....It possesses some in-breed quality of sorts. Just as if his ancestors had close family re-unions amongst the young members that didn’t stop in time. At least they did know in the old times...even if they didn’t know about genes...that “some fresh blood” would be needed from time to time.....a maid or a stable-boy.....to avoid too many eccentric “uncle Archie”s or “aunt Maddie”s. But never the less....look at my appearance John. I’ll never pass for a peasant or a mine-worker. I’m too “delicate”....Descended from generations of individuals that didn’t have to worry about wherefrom they should get the next meal...and I do not mean it as a quality! It is a limitation to my ability to pass as another person.....and it is annoying!”
But now? Where ever he looked, there were things that reminded him of that woman. Some pictures and throw-pillows and paint and wall-paper on the walls, where she...oh so sweetly...had pointed out that the colours didn't match that well. She had laughed a bit and said “bachelor-style isn't really me, dear, but you have managed well...most of the places..”
Not that John forced real meals into Sherlock, but he gave him sweetened tea, nutrition drinks and always put some easily-eaten bits of food beside Sherlock, when he was working on the computer or reading a book or papers. It would be too much of a risk to put it beside Sherlock when he was working on his experiments!
John again took Sherlock's hand, “I read in your expression that Mycroft was right. That you do care more about me...than just being a friend?”
“OK. Mycroft arrived at Baker Street and we talked. He told me and you about Eurus. Memories that I had repressed. Mycroft's memories were disturbed too, because he had almost forgotten about the real dog. And in his...planning out the events on the set 'Sherrinford/Azkaban/Shutter Island...... he traded the real dog for 'Victor Trevor', my enemy from University and mixed him with the boy from the village. It served its purpose, but wasn't the truth. As most of what happened on that set wasn't....”
“Nobody knows. I was undercover in France. At the Sorbonne University. Under a false name...or not so false. They are my names after all: Mycroft Joseph Vernet Holmes. I'm named 'Joseph Vernet' after one of my ancestors. So...I used my names 'Joseph Vernet'. I speak French fluently and pretended to be a student at Sorbonne. I was put on a group of Tunisian students, as they were under suspicion of planning terrorism. I married the sister of one of the students. She was intelligent and very beautiful.....and I had to marry her to keep her in France. I allowed myself to love and be loved....and therefore I failed to notice what I should have noticed. And.....”
After several more kissing-experiments were conducted, Sherlock and John was now on the couch. Sherlock leaned up towards John, who had his arms around Sherlock.
By now...in 2078, the Eugenic wars have ended two years ago and we humans won. Even Khan's empire crumpled and no one knows about his fate. His palace in India was destroyed and burned down, and maybe his remnants are buried under those debris. A shame actually. If one man could have been a worthy world-leader, it would have been him. But of course my view upon him is a bit biased. But on the other hand, if he was just a bit like my father on the inside....just as much as he was him on the outside, he must have been in a terrible state of mind. Even on the verge of a break-down, because not alone had my father on e of the biggest brains in Great Britain, he had the biggest heart as well. And I don't believe that the scientists could remove that from my father's genes.
And suddenly John understood, “Oh...active agents. That is the reason why your brother 'hates legwork'. It is not because he couldn't imagine doing it, sitting in safety behind his fine mahogany desk. It is because he had done to much of it...”
John paused for a moment before he said, “You risked your life getting Sherlock out of Serbia, even if Sherlock accused you of enjoying seeing him being beaten,...and such bravery and cruelty...it doesn't fit together. You are a very complicated man, Mycroft, but that didn't make sense. You are so powerful that you, by putting a pen to a piece of paper, can start a war and condemn a lot of soldiers to risk their lives. And yet you dry-heaved as the governor apparently shot himself. Why?”
Rosie did hide her head against his chest, “It is rather stupid. I'm a grandmother myself....and still I cry because I've lost my Daddy and Papa Sherlock. No one could have wished for better parents......But for God's sake. Daddy was 92 and Papa had just turned 90. They were both old and tired and would never be able to continue without the other. So why am I crying?”
At that question John burst out laughing, “Oh my God. Sherlock...I always control myself around you. Not shouting at you....not yelling at you because of heads in the fridge...”
And then something strange happened. It was as if the wall in the other end of the room turned transparent and an...appearance stepped out of it. The world froze....Mycroft and Greg had stopped in the middle of a movement and the paramedics were frozen in the middle of their movements too.
And Sherlock had the pleasure of seeing Mycroft paling a bit before he found his phone and tapped a message.
Sherlock was still kneeling but had put his head on John’s left thigh and began to caress John’s cock, inner-thigh and balls.....long slow feather-like strokes: “You know, John...Victor never laughed with me.” and Sherlock lifted his head and looked at John and said in his incredible deep voice:....”captain!”
“Exactly.”. Then Sherlock frowned, “You are not appealed? That Mycroft and I caned each other? That we actually had sex?”
It was not the last time Mycroft visited. But it wasn’t that frequent either. It happened once every other month or so, depending on international crises and London’s criminal population.
Of course that never happened and those two idiots would finally marry and retire to Sussex. But that is another story.
As they had talked they had arrived at the inn and they sat down together with the priest and the DI.
And John shoved Sherlock the statue on the screen....and yes...if Sherlock did gain a bit more muscles....just like he had had, dressed only in a sheet at Buckingham’s.....well even Sherlock could see the similarity.
And then John had realised what he just had said and before he could back-pedal, Sherlock had given him a fierce hug and said, “Yes...yes a thousand times. I accept!”
Even though their love for each other and their wonder over having such a remarkably person loving them in return, didn’t diminish a bit, their bodies did grow old and lost the ability to react so much anymore.
But.....as you recall, I was drugged up to my eyeballs as Mycroft sent for me and had me brought to the Diogenes' Club. Now you must understand that Mycroft had managed to slowly remove Culverton's 'tendrils' in his own brain. Actually starting with the Moriarty affair, where Mycroft directly disobeyed Culverton. Mycroft claimed that he had had no other possibility than reacting as he did. But it was a lie and Culverton must have grown more and more suspicious about Mycroft's obedience. And Mycroft didn't know that Culverton had used scopolamine on me or that I was being poisoned.
As John saw the questions and the confusion in Sherlock's eyes John explained, “I don't know how much you remember, but you have been unconscious...on and off...since you were shot in Magnussen's office more than 6 months ago. And....”
Sherlock nodded, “Yeah, But they didn't. I really do not know what they did in USA. There have been rumours about a super-soldier, made during WW2 and that that experiment failed. The Germans did try something too.....and then ...here in England someone made a decision that some of the brightest young men and woman ought to be a part of a governmental institution and they employed all the bright men and women they could find. First at Bletchley Park , where some of them managed to decrypt the German Enigma-machine during WW2 and later, in the 60'ties, at Baskerville too. Mummy and father were two of those young bright geniuses and the scientists hoped that some of them would start liking each other and....to say it bluntly....'breed'. I do not know if scientists did interfere with the genes actively. I just know that Mycroft was born in 1969. A genius, but with very little empathy. “
On two occasions that weekend, John thought that he had managed it. Once as Sherlock had been occupied with his microscope in the kitchen, and the other time Sherlock had been reading, but as John had buckled the collar around Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock’s eyes had sparkled and John had discovered that Sherlock had put a finger in between the collar and his neck.
And now Sherlock smirked, “Did you know, by the way, that we had a laboratory set up in our house by Mummy in order to encourage our curiosity regarding science?”
John laughed, “I only proposed this morning and we have...hm...been 'busy' since and have not discussed anything yet. But it is totally up to Sherlock. If he wants to be married hanging in a parachute, it is fine with me. Or whilst diving in the Pacific Ocean. Anything he wants. As long as it would not remind us of my marriage to Mary. It was a wonderful wedding. Planned meretriciously in every little detail. Including hiring professional guests, so the few, we were able to invite not would sit each in their corner shouting to each other in an almost empty room. But...I married the wrong person. And I hope that I will never see that specific shade of yellow from that room ever again. So...whatever Sherlock wants.”
“Oh Jesus...how cruel...”, was John's remark and then John continued, “But if 'Moriarty' wasn't a real person, who killed Carl Powers then? Because it happened such a long time ago.....long before Richard Brook.”
As John returned to his flat, he was greeted by a very happy Rosie, who had discovered some new food, that could be eaten with fingers and a Sherlock, who was preparing dinner.
Get prepared. And be warned. The next chapters are going to be dark. Very dark (but I promise it will get sorted out somehow. No spoilers in the tags. There are more chapters to come...and almost all our heroes are going to be in them, I promise)
Sherlock shook his head, “Even if I can understand your wish to be...omnipotent, sister, I can't understand how that could be possible. Unless of course you are a mutant like those in those films, John loves.....what are they called?”
John understood and continued, “But if they had freezers as early as in the 1860ties, they must have had freezers able to freeze below 100 degrees Celsius...”
“It was not only words that could trigger a memory. Drugs...chemicals were involved too. Some of them injected to reinforce the memory-process and some to 'delete'. Just that...'delete' never really worked. Just stored the memory. Sort of in caves under my 'landscapes'. If it makes any sense? And now I remembered almost everything...or at least had access to it.”
John loved making Sherlock fall apart. To control him so much that Sherlock would forget his own name and would only be able to utter simple words… And sometimes even not that.
The items used to make the poison are purely unscientific and just made up by me. The poisonous Victorian wallpaper is real enough, though. There are even written books about it.
“Very well. Come with me. We are going to another part of the house. There is a small room. You will undress and put on the ...implement....I have found for you. It is to make sure that you don't enjoy your punishment too much..”
So...now it was said. It was out in the open space....the elephant had been acknowledged: John wanted more than just living with Sherlock.
Sherlock had been sitting a bit restless during the last conversation and it was then John remembered that that buttplug was still in Sherlock’s arse....and that was why Sherlock was in a bit of a hurry. They would have time for a “quickie” if Mycroft left now!
“That is why I have kept that job. I know that the money on our mutual account is mine as well...and that you could transfer from your account if it should be necessary.”
John laughed, “No...I believe you. And thank you, Mycroft, for reminding me. I just tend to forget that Sherlock is fully capable of defending himself. Even against me. Maybe it is because I'm tired to...”
John blushed a bit at the last remark, because it had been a coping mechanism for him too....starting a fight in a bar.
John looked around: “If everybody is ready?” and they all held hands as the light around them grew stronger....
“The abbot in that monastery did teach me something very important: that the first victim, if you are hell-bent on revenge, would be your self...”
“Oh, John...I haven’t been a virgin since I was 16...but it is not always everything a big brother should now.....No it is because I do not want to harm you. I love you too much.....I’m an addictive personality. I do nothing by halves.....whether it was a dog, drugs, sex or solving mysteries. I’m a dangerous man, John....I would consume you!”
And Sherlock got up from the bed and went over to John and took his hand, “Let me look at you...Oh my...you are so young!”
John looked at Mycroft with his eyes half closed and a frown, “That is utterly bullshit, Mycroft. It wasn't your fault. Oh dear God, what were you then, 19? 20? It was in no way your responsibility. Others around you should have seen it too or maybe it was just impossible to see at all. To predict. Just like 9/11 in New York. Jesus, Mycroft. Has anyone ever told you that you ought to see a therapist? Just like the thing with your sister and everything that happened then. It can in no way have been your responsibility. Despite you being a genius. For God's sake, Mycroft...where were the adults around you? Apart from Uncle Rudy? I'm not blaming your parents, because it is easy to imagine the place they were in mentally...and I suppose they broke down. But Uncle Rudy? How could he put that burden on you....for fuck's sake. You were a child yourself!”
John looked back at Mycroft: “And somehow expected me to be....what? ....Put off? Oh my God, Mycroft. When I haven’t been put off by a head in the fridge, fingers in the jam...and in the freezer, being drugged and loose a Wednesday, being drugged in Baskerville and the rest of his sometimes nearly insane behaviour.....why on Earth would I be put off by the fact that he was so deeply hurt that he broke down? And I realize now that he was testing me back then....But I passed....didn’t I?”
John looked at Mycroft, “I'm sorry. Not my business. But I can understand your...meddling, your watching-Sherlock's-every-step, your concern. You were not allowed to be a child for long. I should have seen it for what it was...”
Then he looked at Rohan with his warm brown eyes and smiled, “You don't have to pretend. Just call him 'Mycroft' or Papa...and I'll be happy to call you my son as well! I suppose that my husband has already made sure that the adoptions-papers are ready to be signed.”
That led them to experiment with men's lingerie and John found out that it was most certainly a turn-on for him. Those long legs and that generous arse clad in black silk-stockings and lace. John loved it....even if he sometimes almost would hate Sherlock on a crime-scene, when Sherlock would whisper into John's ear what he was wearing under those bespoke trousers and John would find it very hard to hide his arousal and at a few occasions he had dragged Sherlock into the nearest loo in the Scotland Yard building and fucked him against the wall in one of the stalls. Of course it ruined those delicate and expensive lace-pants, because John had no patience at that point and had just ripped them apart, but Sherlock always said that it was worth it. And he totally knew what he did, that git. Why should he otherwise always be prepared and have lube in his pockets? Often several packages and sometimes condoms, if they were not sure that they had time to clean themselves.
Sherlock smiled as he remembered how John had been furious when he had found out so many years ago that someone else had taken the credit for Sherlock’s many years of work to save the European brown bee.
John pressed a piece of gauze towards the hole in Sherlock's throat and showed Sherlock how he could close the hole, if he wanted to talk.
“Wouldn't the fact that she is.....oh I hate that word....but that she is a 'mulatto'....had given that away?", wanted John to know.
The lunatic Augments from Iran and later the far too stupid augments from China did threaten the stability too. The scientists in Iran nearly only emphasized aggressiveness and had only made young men. They were terrible soldiers and actually most of them died fighting each other....after they had killed their creators and a lot of the humans in their area. At least the augments in China knew that they were not intelligent enough to rule by themselves and they had asked Khan.
“Well...”, and now it was John's turn to blush a bit, “I have been with women....and I have used my tongue, so....”
Sherlock chuckled, “And John was as blind as ever. He thought your moan was because of the pain. What did you do, when you got down in your car?”
There had been silence for a short while and then Sherlock had said in a very resigned and utterly sad way: “I was unfortunately too busy keeping myself alive. And I wasn’t in contact with Mycroft any more at the time when I could be certain there was no threat against you any more. It took over a year. I didn’t know about Mary then. That she, even if she had been put on you, had “changed horses in the midstream” and instead of being a threat, protected you.
“I'm afraid that it is the case. Remember: the idea of making stronger weapons and hereby soldiers, than your enemy......that thought isn't new. If Hitler had had more resilient soldiers he wouldn't have lost Stalingrad and might have won the war..”
John had kept the nitril-gloves on, as he bend down to whisper in Sherlock's ear, “Don't worry, Love. I'm going to stretch you and fuck you into the mattress and I'll be wearing a condom. But you haven't been eating for days, so I'll doubt that there would be anything messy inside that lovely arse of yours.”
“Bathroom, Myke. I have plans for you!” Greg said with a rough voice that told about his own arousal.
Greg kissed Mycroft back and said, “For a genius you can sometimes be so incredible stupid. Being with you, loving you...is the best thing that had ever happened to me...and I'll never leave you. Never!”
The therapist had smiled at that and had asked, “How can you throw possibilities away, before you even have investigated them? Sherlock might be hurt...even because of your behaviour and actions and your wife's actions and attempts to kill him... again. But how can you know that he won't forgive you and that you are not harming him more, by staying away...again. Keeping Rosie away from him?”
Sherlock smiled, “You didn't lie, when you said that you knew a bit. So...I would go to my bed-room, even if you were in the flat. As I did, when I had that frenzy, when you tried to make me stop smoking....”
John just shook his head and wondered why he was still alive after having beaten Sherlock so severely. Damaged him by his coldness. But maybe Mycroft had known that John had been drugged and had had his own agenda, that had harmed Sherlock as well?
Sherlock lay on his back on the bed, with his hands and legs in the restraints so John could abuse Sherlock’s nipples. Sucking, licking and biting and tugging until they were red and peaking, John had smiled a bit dangerously before clamping the nipple-clamps on them and turning the screws tightly. So tight that Sherlock had bucked and moaned obscenely, but hadn’t been able to orgasm because of the straps wrapped around the base of his cock and balls.
And that did take the tension away and Sherlock had smiled and said, “I think that his miserable life that he is living now, actually is punishment enough...”
Mycroft paused a few seconds before he continued, “You were brought to a hospital and given a throughout examination. Or as throughout as they could give you. You weren't very cooperative...and their excuse for their incompetent behaviour was that they never realized...before it was a bit too late, that you were deeply traumatized and must have seen the murder of your mother and the suicide of your father, not to mention that your father had tried to kill you. You were brought to an institution and stayed there until the beginning of February. When Mummy finally found out where you had been brought, the doctors had diagnosed you as 'autistic' because you refused to talk, would scream if they tried to get you out of your clothes or take your belongings away. Mummy got 'absolutely monstrous' and had yanked you out of the staff's hands and brought you home to our house immediately. She did let you see that your belongings were right next to you in a see-through plastic bag, so you could see them the whole time. And she had persuaded you to have a bath, have your hair washed and to have some clean clothes on. Then she had shown how she had put your pyjama and pants and sweater in the washing-machine and had let you sit and watch as they got clean and were hung out to dry. That night you fell asleep in a new, a little too big pyjama of mine, and in my junior-bed. And beside you in that big plastic bag were all your belongings except from the toy dog, that were firmly clutched in your hand as you finally fell asleep. To make a long story short: I got a new adopted baby-brother and.....”
“And you humans are not the only intelligent beings, John, but you are sort of isolated right now, because you'll have to develop more, before a knowledge about others will not destroy you...”, explained the angel and continued to tell about how all lives, all intelligent life-forms, together made 'the fabric of life' where every existence was a thread and how they all together were woven, intertwined and interacted with one another. All according to a bigger plan, made by the Creator of the Universe.Even we angels have a hierarchy and only some of us are allowed to know just some of the parts of the 'Big Plan'. I'm just on a lower level and do not know that much.”, explained the angel and continued, “And Sherlock would have to be at certain point in his life, if not a part of the fabric...albeit a small part of it...would be destroyed.. And that should be prevented. Even more because it could have an even bigger affect later on. It is always a question of maximum effect with minimums of deeds.”
Mycroft smiled, “And that was clearly a mistake, that I have rectified. Bill Murray is attending as well. And a lot of your old colleagues from Helmand and Kandahar. Of course you should be there for their 20
“I did cherish the look of surprise at Culverton's face, that was actually your face, as I shot him right after I had shot Mycroft in the chest. I shot Mycroft with something similar to Mary's signature shoot, but it could buy Mycroft a chance.....You see: I'm a better crack-shot than she ever was. I'm just as good as you, John. I had to learn fast, while I was...away. And I did not hit his pericardium, as Mary did with me. I nicked his liver, knowing that if he got help immediately, he would survive. And then I turned towards 'you', that is... not you, but Culverton, and did send a prayer to the God, in which I do not believe, that he was indeed Culverton and not you. And shot him right between his eyes with the last of the two bullets. The one meant for me....”
Sherlock had taken his hand and said, “That would imply that we would live forever...which we don't..”
The Augments had been made differently in the different facilities all over the world and that showed in the way they administered their power afterwards. Some of them did fit very well to the description, that all of them later got as a label, after humans had gotten their power back. The Augments were accused of cruelty, exaggerated ambition, lack of empathy and megalomania. But how could they be different? In so many aspects they were just human after all. Their worst traits had been seen in human history as well. Nothing new under the sun there.
John picked up his new phone....one that Mycroft had given him as soon as they got to Mycroft’s house in the middle of the night after the accident and after John had returned to London from Berlin.
“I had been clean for two years and had just moved away from Montague Street. I didn't use again, trust me. Not even while I was 'away'. It was too dangerous and then I didn't use....not until....”
“Yeah. I know but Orson Scott Card built his book on some real events, that happened here in England and in USA in the 40'ties and 50'ties. In the 30'ties both the Americans and the Russians...and other European countries, did experiment on making super-soldiers and super-leaders...”
“Well, we did talk about Victorian times. And apparently a 'Doctor Young' had very much success in those days selling 'rectal dilators', that could cure almost everything. Especially constipation. Some of the sets were quite big...and they were not 'rectal dilators'...just butt-plugs, for God's sake.”
“Please, brother. I can't sleep. The thoughts are whirling in my mind. Ants are crawling under my skin. Please Myke. I need to submit.....I need the pain.”
Mycroft smirked and arched his eyebrow, “Are you really asking me to sort of..... bend the law...in your and Sherlock's favour?”
“It was part of Mary's plan too, wasn't it?”, John asked. And then he hugged Sherlock again and sat sat down to look at the two people, he loved the most in the world.
Then Sherlock shuddered, “Oh....sex. Two naked sweating bodies - all those bodily fluids. And male intercourse. So unsanitary! No....it would never come true. I am asexual and even if I'm romantically in love with John, I would never engage in sex. It repels me......”
Sherlock had smiled a genuine smile and bowed his head and had said, “I'm flattered. I do think, that I prefer to be the one and only consulting detective, though.”
John laughed: “Sometimes I think that you Holmes brothers, despite your big brains, never developed beyond the stage of a 6-year old boy!”
Sherlock looked around, “It was originally made for other physical purposes. An adjoining bathroom with showers too. So a gym...and you altered it, as you bought the house. You didn't finish the alteration, though...”
Sherlock noticed that Mycroft was awake with a sharp glint from his eyes, but he didn't say anything, just continued reading the last pages and then he put the report down on the table. All the other reports had been moved, so he had apparently read them all.
“But...no offence, Mary, but you are not the woman I married and I'm not going to stay with you....” said John. There was no reason not to be honest now.
Hamish found out exactly how much his father, Sherlock, and his dad, John, had known about the situation in the world that morning in 2068, as he received a video-phone-call from Sherlock. Hamish was 57 at that time. Sherlock was 90. A lot of the family had managed to get to Sussex in January to celebrate Sherlock, but they had never mentioned to him how difficult it had been.
He knelt by John’s chair saying, “You mentioned that I should just ask… So… Please, I’m asking you John. Before it gets worse!”
After they both had orgasmed...almost simultaneously, they were lying on the couch under the blanket again. Mycroft on his back, because he was fine and the pain not that bad, and Elizabeth with her head on his shoulder.
John sighed and said: “Maybe we should just forget it?.....I received it in 2009. In September....in the province Fahra in Afghanistan. Major Armitage gave it to me...and I do not think that he had time to finish....he died only a few hours after he gave this card to me. He did write a word down on the card though. The word “platinum” if it makes any sense. Maybe we should just forget the whole thing, eh?”
“Don't be angry, John. Think back, and remember how Sherlock was then. You needed to get out of the flat and needed the feeling of being useful. Even if it was just as a GP. Sherlock provided the danger and the GP job provided the 'every-day'. And you needed both aspects.”
It had caught John's interest and he had walked over to the table together with Greg, who had said, “No...I've never heard about that. What happened?”
John stopped for a moment, “The rules? Well, this is a limbo, an in-between. You stay here as long as you need, if you have some unfinished business...”
Mycroft nodded, “Could you imagine if the press got their teeth in the fact that such a drug does exist? Can you imagine the turmoil? Now it is easier to claim that your flat need a thorough cleaning because of sod and fire...”
“How long have you been here?”, wanted Mycroft to know, not quite being able to deduce the right amount of time, Sherlock had been sitting there.
Later both Sherlock and John agreed that this had indeed been a good first man’s speech, but not as good as Sherlock’s, since there hadn’t been a murder-solving involved in it!
Sherlock shook his head, “No and yes...because they are not the only ones, who can do that. The monks in Tibet are capable of doing that too. And I was taught to enter that state of mind and body too. The trance enables me to process my observations, to sort them out, to run several scenarios and find the most logical answer..”
Mycroft tells John quite a lot. There is so much to tell....and explain. So much. And John learns a lot...a lot more than he expected.
': Carl Powers was a bully. One of the worst, namely one operating from the side-wing. Having others to do his dirty jobs, so no one would believe that he was behind it......”
And Sherlock almost shuddered as he imagined how he could have reached under John’s kilt the whole evening and touched him. He moaned even more as he imagined how he could have knelt behind John, could have moved his head up under the kilt, how he could have spread those muscular buttocks aside, removed that plug and fucked John with his tongue.
The appearance came closer and sat down on the floor beside John and the dead Sherlock, and said, “Do not exist', you say! I did last time, I looked in a mirror!”
John took a deep breath, “It is not often that I dream of Afghanistan anymore. My nightmares are about you.....of you being shot during the first man speech, by Mary. You being shot while you play that wonderful waltz for...well mostly me, I guess. Those memories of my wedding, well bloody hell, it wasn’t even legal, that woman being somebody else entirely.”
“I wanted to be able to control my urges.....and I wanted to think about, what you would say, when you saw it, “, whispered Mycroft and then he looked at Greg with so much love in his eyes, “Keep your shirt and trousers on....I want to ruin them!”
Sherlock could be accused of being unfaithful towards John. But he genuinely believes, at this point of time, that John has left him for good. And somehow both Sherlock and Mycroft need this to heal. Both themselves and each other. It is full-blown incest by now. But totally consensual.
Sherlock hailed a cab and gave his address to the cabbie. Home a Baker Street he just opened the front door and went inside.
Sherlock smiled a bit at the last part and John continued, “Your chin is not rectangular....like....like one on an American cartoon hero. It is more refined....aristocratic. If you were an actor, you would play aristocratic roles. Never a peasant. There is something Hollywood-thirties-film-star-looks about you. Some time-less male beauty. Your mouth....well, before you had to jump and we lived together...and I have to admit even after that time. That mouth could give me a boner! Seeing you this morning with your lips around my cock....Oh God, Sherlock. It gives me a boner again. Feel!”
After some more kissing, John quickly took off his pyjamas and they continued kissing. John paid Sherlock's nipples a lot of attention: licked and sucked and Sherlock moaned and arched of the bed, but as John did reach for the 'softer' versions of the nipple-clamps, his eyes caught a glimpse of Sherlock's two scars on his chest. The one Mary's bullet had made and the other one from the required surgery afterwards as Sherlock after all didn't die on the operating table, and John stopped, suddenly overwhelmed by sad thoughts.
Sherlock did let his dressing-gown fall to the ground and let the shirt follow. John could now see the whole of Sherlock's back. The scars were now all healed into white lines, but John could easily imagine how they had looked freshly made. John had after all seen something like that several times in Afghanistan , when soldiers had returned after having been in the hands of their enemies.
“No! But sit down on the bed. We’ll have to talk...about what we need for now and want to do.....I do not want to overstep some lines right now... That idiot who left those scars on your buttocks must have done that.....maybe in the heat of the arousal....but the scars are not of the same age so: first time is an accident, 2nd time is coincidence, but 3rd time is a pattern. And I most certainly don’t want to add more!”
At least Mycroft had the decency not to pretend that he didn’t know what Sherlock was talking about, “Since you were sixteen... That year I hadn’t visited you for about eight months because of my PhD studies. Only Father and Mummy had visited me at Oxford. When I finally came home… Oh my God. You looked so happy to see me and... I had left a child and came home to a young man! You were breathtaking!”
Sherlock looked around in John's and his house. Everything was neat and in order. Not like the clutter and chaos in Baker Street. It had reflected the state of his mind. But this place reflected his mind too. Calm and order and only clutter and chaos a few places: his work-table and his bookcases. But is was allowed clutter-places.
“Have similar, but not identical minds. We both use submission and pain to quiet our minds. Or in Sherlock's case...he had used drugs too. And yes....we have helped each other. No sex involved though. Not directly. If the pain and the submission give an orgasm, or the need for one, we deal with it on our own, before the other one return later to perform after-care.....if that can be an excuse for being in an almost incestuous relation-ship...”
And I've tried to live according to that ever since. Yes, I didn't forgive Magnussen, because he was a threat and a growing one. He would never have stopped and had already overstepped the line where he would hurt or even kill people. If Mary and I had arrived just a bit later to that Guy-Fawkes-fire, you would have either gotten severely burned or killed. And it was utterly bullshit, that he had people standing by, because they should have intervened before. This was Magnussen's way of showing Mary, what he was capable of...and she understood. That is why she tried to kill Magnussen and had to kill me instead. Magnussen had the upper hand all the way. Towards Mary, towards Lady Elisabeth, towards Mycroft and God knows who else in the government. No..given the chance, I would kill him again, even if it would cost me my life. But people who are no longer a threat? I do not find it difficult to forgive, because he was right, the abbot. Because it will eat you up to be so focused on revenge. It is not worth it! Look at Ajaj.”
John’s cock decided that it wasn’t that tired after all and John could feel the familiar warmth in the lower part of his body.
John frowned and said, “But Sherlock. You were just a detective....how could that indicate that.....”
But that implied that they had hurt, not only as fresh wounds, but as scars too. And John knew all to well how such scar tissue could be too sensitive to touch and be hurting even after they had healed, because of the nerve-damage.
Oh my. I had forgotten about this book. Or rather...I had thought it to be lost. I'll just write a brief update about what have happened the last nine years. If anyone is actually going to read these ramblings of mine.
My name is William Hamish Adler-Holmes. I am the biological son of Sherlock Holmes and Irene Adler. Adoptive son of Mycroft Holmes and I have just been to the funeral of my father. Yes....that 'Sherlock Holmes'. He lived and died in Sussex together with his husband through many years, John H. Watson-Holmes. Yes, that 'Doctor Watson'...from the books. And now it gets a bit complicated. My mother was Irene Adler. Yes...that 'Irene Adler' from the books, even if John didn't stick totally to the truth writing about his and Sherlock's adventures. My early childhood was spent in Berlin, where my mother lived with her wife, Katie, and when I was very young, I was adopted by Mycroft Holmes, because my father was abroad as my mother needed him the most. And Mycroft Holmes needed an heir. That was the time where Sherlock had to pretend being dead to save his friends and where he fought criminals all over the world. They were a part of a vast criminal network and my father managed to disturb them so much that it took quite a time for that organisation to recover. In reality it never did. Sherlock was almost killed near the end, but managed to return. I don't know so much about what happened and if you think that it is the truth written in the books about 'Sherlock Holmes and John Watson', then you are wrong.
“Yeah, but...”, defended Eurus herself, “...I made you into an almost heroic Bond-character, didn't I?”
John had looked up as Sherlock mentioned Victor Trevor. John had never heard him mentioned before. But again. He hadn't told Sherlock much about his friends from Sandhurst or Bart's hospital...or from his childhood either. Or much about James Sholto.
“I see...” And then Mycroft said something that did surprise John. Mycroft was looking away as he said: “It can be arranged so Mary never has to bother you again....there are institutions..... if the damage is severe. In reality you were never married to her. The marriage can be declared void, if you should wish so.....”
Mycroft took a deep breath, “I trust you, Elizabeth and I want to try this. Maybe....maybe turn the butt-plug off a bit. I was so close to coming.....and I want to try those sounds. It was a weird, but interesting feeling earlier. So yes...please...”
or in English "testicles at age twelve”, but looking at you once more I now do believe that you are one of natures rare phenomenons: a true two-gender, a hermaphrodite. And I'm sorry....but you asked me to continue. It is really not my business.”, said Mycroft.
“Well, Sherlock, I've never....” Mrs. Hudson began, but was interrupted by Sherlock. And she had never seen such coldness in his eyes.
John could hear that Sherlock took a deep breath and said, “Tomorrow....that is if you would still allow me to do that after I've confessed this, ...tomorrow, when I put the pen to the paper that would make me into Rosie's father......she will not be the first child that I'm the father of!”
He heard a voice in the heavy darkness now surrounding him: “Sherlock! Sherlock...come back again. You are so close. Come back to me again, Love. Please!”
Mycroft lifted his hand, “I'm even hiding it in plain sight...and no one asks about it. I was married.”
Sherlock turned his upper body a bit so he could face John. Thank god his groin was covered by the towel: “Well I was lying on the couch going through the case....and I felt something wasn’t right. That I’ve missed something. So I got up, hailed a cab and drove to the crime-scene. I had texted Lestrade that I would be there. I went under the police-tape, picked the lock and got inside. The dining room was rather warm so I took of my coat and began to examine the floor. I was so occupied that it never occurred to me that the culprit would return to the place of his crime...his murder. Or else I wouldn’t have gone without back-up, believe me, John.
And Sherlock hurried to say, as he could see the question in John's eyes, “Totally by coincidence, I can assure you. His father might have lost his job and Trevor finding it difficult to get a well-paid job. But Mycroft would not loose tax-payers money on following Victor and have 'coincidences' happening. What my brother did was just sending a few letters....that was all.”
And he watched, fascinated as they finally admitted their feelings for each other. John found it beautiful.
Sherlock explained, “This happened when I was 16. I was home for my summer holiday. Mycroft was 23 and was living at our parental home again, for a short notice. He had almost finished his education at Oxbridge. Was only lacking his last exam and had cleared his rooms at the university and was waiting for his flat to be available.....”
“No...but you could be a lord now, if you would just accept that knighthood, that has been waiting for you for years. And you know just as well as I do, that it is not an empty title and a piece of metal. There is a piece of land waiting for you as well. She is not getting younger...and you were a fool, when you didn't ask
She laughed, “I came when you came, I only had to touch myself a few strokes, before I had an orgasm too. As I said: I want to keep you here...tethered to the wall.”
John turned again around and looked into Sherlock’s wonderful eyes and continued looking even it was a bit awkward lying that way and he lifted his left hand up and caressed Sherlock’s face. Then he turned a bit more and they were now facing each other. John partly squeezed between Sherlock’s body and the couch’s backrest, “I need to see your face, Love!”
In South America, Argentina and Brazil were not on good terms. Bolivia and Paraguay were caught in the middle of that animosity. Columbia was fighting Peru and Venezuela over access to fields with potential of growing opium-poppies.
And Sherlock looked at his still erect cock, “You told me that that could happen....It feels weird...but I came. And yet...no tiredness. So, a prostate orgasm doesn't produce the same chemicals: oxytocin, prolactin and endorphins?”
“It was a relief to know that you all are relatively safe...” had Sherlock said and had continued, “...and I'm so glad that we managed to convey our part of the land to you and Rosie and that Rohan and Eshan and Sophie and Elisabeth got Mycroft's part in time, before it was too late. I know you can still loose it, but at least it is written in the protocols, both the psychical ones and on the net and you have the deed. It is just....Please don't try to come down here to our funeral. You might not be able to get back to Scotland. Or at least only a very few of you. It is getting worse as far as my informations reveal..”
Sherlock smiled and bent forward and kissed John, “I'm not an idiot.....and yes. I see what you are doing. And I think it could work. What do you plan to do? And get up from the floor. Sitting in that position would make you hate your legs afterwards.”
Mycroft sighed and covered his eyes with his hands, as he continued, “And if I feel like that, being one of the most powerful men in the Western world, how do other people then feel? And maybe that is the biggest danger: the feeling of hopelessness. Because then the darks side will win, because no one on 'the side of the angels' would know what to do.”
“The top of a hidden cave had given in, and Eurus and Sherrinford had fallen into it. I and Marjorie were hanging on on the rim and were very close to be sucked down into the water as well.”
Mycroft didn't say anything for a while. Then he looked at Sherlock, “Uncle Rudy and aunt Marilyn never recovered from that blow. They couldn't stand looking at you and me and a few months later they left for Australia. Their house just crumbled.....and I remember that we visited it once. It was very much in ruins, but the fake gravestones were still there. I remember that the 5 year old Sherlock was very fascinated by them and complained that they didn't make any sense...”
Later John and Mary had talked. It had been an awkward conversation, late one night, at the hospital, where Rosie was admitted shortly after her christening and just after Sherlock had been abducted...and returned again.
Sherlock needed a moment to collect himself, “Mmmm...what? Oh yes. Since university. It was a dare...a challenge. I thought that the holes had closed long ago, but as I …well, I did....I pierced Mycroft's nipples and just came to think of my own. The holes were still there., even if they had contracted. And that is why I have bars in instead of rings. Rings would be to thin and to dangerous.....risking tearing...”
“I will advice you to lie very still. The slightest movement will make the chain shift....and abuse your nipples!”
And Mycroft lost the rest of his control and moaned, “Oh God Sherlock. I want all of that: doing it to you. Want you to do it to me. All of it!”
“It is a devise, making sure that I'm the one in charge of your orgasms. With that on you are not able to ejaculate. Not able to have an erection...”, Lady Smallwood explained.
I suppose it was all those skills that made you win the fight against Ajaj. Amazing...and here I had thought for so many years that you were 'all brainy matter' and no 'body'....I suppose that even I would loose an unarmed combat fight with you?”
“I was tested regularly.....I still am. Some of the marks on my arm are from the lab drawing blood-samples. More-so because of the substances I meet and have met running around in London chasing criminals......and I was tested thoroughly after...after Serbia. Because I was....I was....”
“Mycroft?! Why?” and then John understood: “Oh my God.....cameras! You two have no comprehension of normal privacy...do you?!”
They both laughed. Knowing that they had put all the misunderstandings, that had haunted them for so many years, aside and that they were safe in each others company. Safe in their love for each other.
At that extra sensation, Sherlock did throw his head back with his eyes closed and begun to moan deep in his throat and he continued doing that as John sounded him with thicker and thicker sounds. Finally John took the E-stim sound and eased it down the slit.....and turned it on and Sherlock arched of the bed with a shout. But he didn't come. Sherlock was covered in sweat and John had seldom seen Sherlock's cock so engorged and almost purple.....but still Sherlock didn't have an orgasm.
Mycroft whispered, 'Something old'...that is my tie-pin, that belonged to my Grandfather. 'Something new'...that is the 'sound'. Oh God, this morning when I put it in......The thought of you finding out, it made me so aroused. And the 'borrowed' is my tie. That belongs to my father...just like yours...and the 'blue', well, you found that.”
He opened his eyes and lifted his hand to caress Sherlock’s face, “You even asked me for forgiveness for leaving me because you had to, in order to save my life....and you asked me on your knees. Oh God Sherlock, it was I who should have asked for forgiveness and on
John chuckled as he looked down at his pants-clad cock, who had moved a bit in interest as John thought about Sherlock’s delicious body.
Mycroft just frowned at him and the young man explained, “I almost bought it at the first glance. That you are a middle-aged man, who is not so fit at all. A bit too round around the middle. No muscles. Bodily weak. A fact that your tailor at the first glance not quite had been able to disguise...”
Sherlock stopped him, “I do not like that you are sitting like that...on the floor. Please. We can both sit on the couch...”
And then John got up on his feet and began to undress. Sherlock was told to remove his pyjama bottoms. Either totally off or only partially, and keep both the T-shirt and the dressing gown on. He chose to take the pyjama bottoms off. He didn't feel naked, even if his lower part of his body was partly exposed. The dressing gown was enough to ensure that. Just like the sheet had been so many years ago.
John was now confused, “But...but she helped you escape and get away from England. She helped you as you falsified your death...and you stayed in her flat after you jumped, before you could........”
Sherlock nodded, “The explanation is of course that you were still drugged. And reacting on certain trigger-words. Or rather....'not reacting' because of them. That day I had just found Faith's note. I had realised that I hadn't hallucinated the meeting after all. I had investigated further and had seen the 'miss me' written in linseed oil and had finally realised that Mary had gotten the real Faith's note and used it to get me into Culverton's claws. I found out that Mary must still be alive and be potential dangerous to both you and me. I remembered the therapist and rushed there and found you unconscious, bleeding from a small wound on you shoulder. I found the dead body of Sian......and no Mary.”
John did let Sherlock do that for a while and then he said in his Captain Watson voice: “Enough!” and Sherlock stopped and looked up at John through his eyelashes....and John’s cock found that very interesting and that half-erection that John had had all the time they had been sitting on that couch in close proximity...finally!....to Sherlock, well it was a full one now!
Here Mycroft paused and allowed himself to show his feelings, “...when Sherrinford ruined so many lives! Including his own.”
John laughed and said...with a glance at aforementioned part of Sherlock’s body, that had gone a bit more flaccid since they entered the bedroom: “It is a symbolic statue.....and the eyes are so big because you are standing on the floor and the damned head is 17 feet or more above the floor. Made smaller ...and you wouldn’t see them.....and his cock is too small because you can actually stand on the floor and look straight up his groin!”
This time he had deduced on insufficient data and near the end...close to John’s 96 years birthday, they had to do with holding hands and being close to one another. John had had to have a pacemaker. The damage that the thorough sepsis from the shot wound so many years back in Afghanistan had left in his heart made it necessary when he reached the age of 75 and Sherlock’s body was not free of the curses of old age either.
Mycroft nodded, “I know. And he paid a terrible price for that...” And then he continued, “But I need you there. To observe.....”
He looked at John, “I understand if you… maybe... would hesitate to put your body in my hands. But I assure you, it is about your needs, not mine. I have no longer a need to control anybody sexually… I’m just offering you means of relaxation. Not exactly the way it works for me… But something that would work for you, without pain!”
Sherlock had smiled and said, “I'm rather sure he will.”..... and the young priest had suddenly the feeling that Sherlock knew something that he didn't.
In Berlin late the next evening Sherlock was sitting in his hospital room and was looking at his phone. Mycroft had told Sherlock what had happened more than 7 days ago, but had not mentioned with a word that John had been in Scotland.
“Hm...” was Sherlock’s answer, “It was quite intense for me too. Probably because of the novelty in it… And the decadence. I didn’t come in my pants, though!”
And then Mycroft did surprise Sherlock (John had been in on it) as David Garrett turned up in order to play the waltz for John and Sherlock. Sherlock had a moment of panic as he saw, who would have heard him play: one of the greatest violinist in the world, but Garrett had whispered into Sherlock's ear, just before John and Sherlock were about to dance, “Your composition was amazing, Sherlock Holmes, and your performance too. I'm glad you are not a violin-player, but have chosen to be a detective, otherwise the competition against you would be hard!”
Mary made a decision. She would not tell John about Sherlock’s confession in his letter, since Sherlock had written it suspecting that he would be dead in less than half a year, but she would have to tell John a bit more from her past. And how would Sherlock react when he suddenly found himself in London again....and very much alive? But not now.....she couldn’t risk John leaving her. Not with Sherlock in London. She would tell John after the baby was born... maybe.
“I know that I've teased you, when you repeated something I said. But I'm going to make that mistake as well. “A month?!”, asked Sherlock.
And to Sherlock's utter delight and Mycroft's a bit sour acceptance that his brother had been right, it turned out that without Mycroft behind it all, things got rather catastrophic and after his recovery, thank God a lot quicker than when Sherlock had been shot, he had to work hard to get everything back on track again. He got his reputation and his office back and was asked...no 'begged'...to resume his work again.
And Sherlock had looked at John with so much love showed on his face...and John just bend down and kissed Sherlock while they were holding hands. Just a very careful and almost chaste kiss.
John smiled at her, “And this time there wasn't one hell of a lady in her red Aston Martin and with a pair of handcuffs to save him....”
Sherlock's voice was barely more than a whisper, “I'm so cold, Myke....Will you tell Hamish and Rosie and …...John that I tried to...... come back to them? I love them so much......and I tried.....I love you too.....
“I know. You were...what? 18?”...and then she smirked, “And had a different hair-colour. And the next time I saw you, you had changed....not only the colour of your hair, but you seemed cold, distant.”
Again Sherlock smirked, “It took you long enough for you to see that version of my brother, and...well maybe he was hiding 'in plain sight'. You saw his ability with a sword. He is an excellent marksman too. For God's sake, John, he has a pilot certificate to helicopter. It requires actually quite some active flying-time every year to maintain that......and why do you think that my brother could so much as think about doing active legwork and get me out of Serbia, when I.....”, and Sherlock stopped talking and took a gulp of his whisky before he said, “I'm sorry I interrupted you. Please continue...”
“Yeah....I think that no one would regard me as a security risk since I’ve already saved Prince William once”
And Sherlock listened to what John had to say and at the same time he took care that his dressing-gown would open up in the front, so John could see Sherlock's bare chest. Sherlock knew that John was a 'nipples-man'......at least according to the porn on John's laptop, and Sherlock did his best to put his on display.
And then Sherlock and John left Baker Street as the plumbers arrived. Sherlock carrying his suitcase in one hand and holding on to John's hand with the other.....and in the cab they kissed. Just sweetly and tenderly. Nothing heated. It could wait.
John had decided to find a therapist, a new one. He had asked Ella if there would be too much of a conflict if both him and Sherlock would be her clients, and she had hesitated for a few seconds and then said, 'Yes'...it could be a problem. And then John had asked, for the first time since all that with Eurus happened, if another therapist would take him in at all, because it apparently was very dangerous to be his therapist.
“Never the less” John sighed: “When I came home from my double shift, I shouldn’t have been content with you sleeping. I ought to have taking a better look at you....I know you....You always crash when a case is solved...and I suppose you solved it when I was at the clinic.”
“No...and I wouldn't mind using it on you...from time to time. And very carefully. Just welts and no wounds. If you'll need it that desperately....”
“Nope. It is the very same. Look...it even have the destroyed rim where I tripped once. And yes...you are right. It doesn't make any sense. And yet...John. What happened here in the flat: the explosion and what happened afterwards, on the island, wasn't real. It was a fraud..and a twisted scenario and hallucinations. Dream-like...nightmarish. Remember, both you and I have been drugged for a long time.”
John huffed, “Some fine love. Drugging me up to my eyeballs. Letting me see her being shot. Even if it was as false as a death-scene in an opera. Letting me believe that I was going to get shot by that false therapist. Letting me take care of Rosie all by my own and making me hate you so much, that I blamed you for her death and kicked the shit out of you and abandoned you and would have let that creep Culverton kill you, if it hadn't been for Mrs. Hudson. So honestly, Sherlock, coming to my senses again and being out of that drug-induced haze, that I apparently have been living in, since I met that blasted woman, it has made me sane again and what Mary showed...that was not 'love', Sherlock. That was extreme jealousy, possessiveness and abuse. Not love. Love is what you showed me, even if I was so blind, that I couldn't see it in front of my own bloody nose: stepping back and wanting to give me everything, even the wife and life, I thought I wanted and you 'dying inside' because I refused to see your love. That is to be able to forgive me for being an arse and beating you and give you another scars to your collection. That is being prepared to risk your own life to 'save' me. And I can never...never!.....pay you back. You do not alone have the biggest brain in England. You have the biggest heart, Sherlock. And I'm going to try so hard to prove myself worthy of such a love!”
John told about his father’s uncle, who indeed had been a Scottish Watson, so John was totally entitled to wear the Watson tartan.
But Sherlock refused to talk more to John and Mary as well, as she returned shortly after. Just turned his back to them and pretended to sleep.
“And thus preserve the DNA intact. I found evidence of experimentation on embryos. Animal embryos, while we were investigating the H.O.U.N.D incidents. But even if I knew about the glowing rabbit, I never thought that they could have been that advanced. Not back in the 1960ties..”, explained Sherlock.
Sherlock smirked, but there was a slight flush on his cheekbones. If it hadn't been Sherlock, John would have thought him to be embarrassed.
“It is not something that comes for free, John, and Mycroft has never understood the level of that....nor the means I've used to get into that state of mind.”
He paused and looked at her, “I know, saying that I am at your disposal and at your service and then putting up so many conditions....that is awful. I'm sorry.”
And then John stopped, finally realising something, “Oh fuck. She has worked...not for Moriarty.....but for the real 'M'. For Mycroft.....your god damned fucking brother. That was why she slapped you in the lab, after I found you in that drug den. You were not allowed to ruin that precious brain, because you were too valuable to the government aka Mycroft-fucking-Holmes.”
And then he opened the door. Mycroft decided not to say more about their looks for now. And somehow it was true, what Sherlock said, that it mostly was their minds that fascinated the other. The body was transport after all.
He closed his eyes in pain, “What they did to me yesterday evening....they must have ripped something inside me. I'm loosing blood, Myke.....and I'm so tired.....and cold...”
John shook his head, “Well, that makes sense, but why did you then shoot Mycroft in the first place, if you thought him to be just as much a victim as you?”
John shook his head, “We would. I was attacked outside 221B Baker Street. On my way to talk to you!”
And he smiled and reached out for John and they kissed despite John’s protest, “I’ve got morning breath!”
Sherlock took a deep breath and continued, “I told Moriarty once that I was on the side of the angels, but wasn’t one of them. But as I travelled… I was most certainly not on the side of the angels anymore. I was pure and raw vengeance… And I hated every second of it!”
And suddenly the mood grew a bit darker as John remembered, “Sherlock I...I've come so close to loosing you so many times...and that last time....I..”
“You did. But I wasn't in the same room. And it did not happen in some dungeon, but in the Diogenes' club.”
And like that Mycroft and Sherrinford and Eurus filled the gaps in Sherlock's remembrance of his early childhood until they reached the point where Sherlock said, “I think I do remember the rest now. But why on Earth did no one say to me that I was adopted or that I had siblings?!?”
And Mycroft had just said that if it would have to come to that he would make sure that Sherlock didn’t have to go to Bulgaria or other potential dangerous places in Eastern Europe as long as Mycroft had loyal agents who could hit a coin on a very long distance....or a leg if necessary.... and as long as Mycroft could be in dire need of Sherlock’s abilities to see through every smoke-screen!
Mycroft very uncharacteristically just nodded and John continued, “I love Sherlock. And he loves me in return. I know with all my being that I do not deserve a love like his. He is the best and kindest human being I've ever met. Not at first glance and not judged by the first impression, but I should have seen it sooner. Even before he had to jump off that blasted roof. I've hurt him repeatedly and I've caused him so much pain...and yet he is able to forgive me. And that is a bloody miracle..”
Now there were other voices in the room: Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly, Sally and Anderson - and his parents. And they were all shouting at him....accusing him of all his flaws and failures.....his rudeness, his bragging....and every single one of them urged John to continue.
Sherlock paused and looked at John, “Yeah, it is tempting to seek comfort when you believe that you would not survive the night. Finally as the shooting and the explosions stopped, Irene and I fell into a slumber and didn't wake until it was dawn.....”
“That doesn’t mean that you can't be careful and have tracking devises on and in you and that we can't have a SWAT-team standing by.” was John's reply.
Sherlock was now standing in front of the cross and had reached his arms up, being ready to be restrained, and turned his head and smiled, “Isn't it what I'm always doing?”
“Well..”, mumbled John, “I think he could have mentioned that you prevented the Parliament and the Queen from being blown to millions of pieces so many years ago. That should count for something, shouldn't it?”
John paused again and continued after he had kissed Sherlock's hair, “Even if I would like Greg to take that responsibility, when they get together. But if Greg can't? Then I'll accept that...Hell, I'll think that I might even offer to wield that cane. Sometimes your brother does deserve that! He can really bring up the worst in me.”
But with Sherlock......it was exactly like that. And John found that he was as horny, as if he had been 16 years old. Sherlock just had to look at him in a certain way, and it went straight to John's groin.
John kept his job at the clinic, but only as a part-time job. He had insisted on being able to call in and cancel if an important case showed up, or that he could leave early if Sherlock needed his help. And he was such a good doctor that it was accepted. Sherlock had accepted too that he was not supposed to leave for a case higher than five without John. So the clinic had only the full use of John’s abilities in the quieter periods, when the criminals were apparently on hiatus.
Then he was ordered to open his eyes and Elizabeth was putting a bigger sound into his cock. It did burn a bit, but it felt nice and weird at the same time. And the sight of the sound disappearing into his cock, made him moan.  This sound was longer and suddenly he could feel how it came closer to his prostate, that was being massaged from the other side. And as Elizabeth stuck another bigger sound, ridged this time and moved it in and out...and the sight of that ...thing...moving in and out if his cock... and the butt-plug was turned up, the buzzing grew and grew and a strange feeling did build and build...until Mycroft came with a shout.
Currently, John was dearly needed at the clinic, since apparently every child in London - or at least in the clinic’s catchment area - had decided to get a nasty cough. And the adults had chosen to get the flu. Which is why John slowly walked up the seventeen steps to their flat one evening, two months into their new relationship, to find Sherlock in his chair, reading a newspaper, and John’s collar ready for him on the table.
And standing in the kitchen was Sherlock, in his old blue silk dressing gown, with bare feet and only in his dress-trousers apparently. No shirt.
John, who could see the confusion in Sherlock's eyes, hurried to explain, “You were shot. In the chest. The bullet nicked the top of your liver and located itself near the cardiac-sac and made a tiny rupture in that, thus filling it slowly with blood, whilst you had internal bleeding from the liver damage too. You flat-lined 3 times: 2 times in the ambulance and one on the operating table..”
“Of course” had Mycroft said: “it would have been nice if you had had such a telephone on you. You would have been in London several hours before, if you had possessed one of “mine” telephones!”
At the address Mycroft got out and told the chauffeur that he had the rest of the day off and that he would be called, when he was needed again and then Mycroft walked up to the door and rang the bell. As Mycroft was standing at the door of lady Smallwood's house with the bouquet in his hands, he thought about it all again and took a deep breath. He could do it! He had to. He owed her.
And as he came to his senses, Elisabeth told him that it had been a 'dry' orgasm. A prostate orgasm and she continued to milk him like that three times. It was like climbing a mountain, getting higher and higher up and.........and then she turned the butt-plug up on the highest setting and as Mycroft almost arched of the couch, she took a firm grip around the chain between the nipple-clamps and tore it of his nipples......and Mycroft came and came. The world turned white and he lost every track of time and existence.....
And the three young families did settle down in the village in Scotland. All of them welcomed. Doctors and nurses were always in demand and teachers as well. And the elderly priest did appreciate the younger priest too.
When he came back forty-five minutes later, Sherlock was stark naked, collared, his head bowed, and kneeling in the living-room. In front of him was the senior cane. The one Sherlock hated the most. The one John used for real punishment.
Mycroft paused a bit before he answered, “I was 16 when you saw me the first time. A chubby, almost fat and unhappy teenager, visiting aunt Marjorie, 'M', the leader of 'the secret intelligence'. My mother had not done anything about it. About my over-eating and my unhappiness.....”
Greg nodded, “He did....or rather 'she' did. She feels more like a 'she' lately....It is a bit confusing, but she takes it nicely if I don't get it right. I am still amazed, that she insist on working whilst studying. She is so busy.”
He hurried to sit down at his computer and write his request. He remembered to mention the price Magnussen had had on Sherlock’s head, how Sherlock .....and John.... had risked their own lives trying to dismantle the armoured train wagon under the Parliament-building the 5th of November 2013. How Sherlock several times had solved mysteries that saved a lot of people’s lives and removed threats against national security. And finally he pleaded for a Royal Pardon for Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at John who gave him a tiny nod. Yes it would be all right. If this finally could repair the broken relationship between the two brothers, John wouldn’t mind. In fact he would encourage it…
