It takes John a few moments to make a move. The smirk is suddenly back. A playful smirk. He takes a step toward Sherlock's chair. Carefully, as if testing the waters.
Sherlock’s lips curl into the saddest smile John has ever seen. He reaches to cup John’s face, brushing underneath his eyes and across his cheeks. Sighing, he traces his thumb down the scar that splits John’s left side, somewhat a painful reminder of all the rough they have been through together. John relaxes into his touch, closing the distance between them, slowly, inch by inch until their noses bump, making Sherlock chuckle ever so softly.
The pupils were not small in concentration,and John smiled with his own cup of coffee. Any previous storms from the hospital or underground were now cleared in his eyes.
'Invites and call ins only,walk in only customers will not be served unless orders and dine in times have already been called in and set'
"It is for chemical castration,often used for men that have prostate cancer. It can be given monthly,or like some birth control options, put in an implant for long term use. It is very good this was found early"
He looked across at Sherlock with raised eyebrows to see he was staring back into his eyes,but his hands unbuckled the belt, button,and the zipper was going down as Sherlock whispered.
"Oh don't think you're too far ahead Johnny! I was there first ...you may find I got to many places before you did." Sebastian opened the door to a room on the side,above the 'floor' and came down the last steps and gave a nod and quick wave to John before going and untying Moriarty. " Here we part ways,you two should go home and celebrate. You can call your met friends if you wish, but they won't find where we'll be. Take the stairs back you two,have fun in the rain that's started!"
"There were many footprint trails leaving the fire Sherlock, it's not enough to go on suspicions alone. What else would you try to have written up to do!?" Lestrade said, looking back at Sherlock.
John dove under the bound arms and grabbed the top waist around what was left of the cut trousers. Sherlock stilled,shocked and stunned that it felt like John was chewing through one of the crotch seams. When that hold was released,John was able to grab both sides and give a final rip before pulling the ripped bottoms away from Sherlock.
"Tsk tsk tsk, no use in that. You're up early, but I'm sure old habits die rather....hard. Which you always have had little use for,but now? Soon you will have less motivation and less company. Either that or your beautiful mind will get even sharper with no distractions at all"! Was being told to him in the same familiar sing-song voice.
"Why are you he---- what brings you here?" Sherlock said, flinching because he forgot the manners John's been so insistent on.
"Have you heard anything about a case yet today?" John asked, setting his work bag down and smiling.
"Away from Mycroft and his ambassador meeting mess?" Sherlock grumbled. As the adrenaline was crashing hard in his system, sleep was not sounding bad at all, but he didn't want to be kept track of and looked after by his brother after such a case!
After filling and sealing the tubes up himself,(I know where my veins are John,no need for you to chase them when I've known how to make them cooperate for years) and putting each one back in the holder they were all lined up on,John took it all to the refrigerator to preserve them until Mycroft got there.
"I don't know, I was asleep with Rosie upstairs and felt like coming down to see to my laptop. I have a spreadsheet for when I can get back to work...I don't need to look back to the blogs, you are right here!" John hugged Sherlock and started to talk quietly. "It's been after the weekend and you don't...I don't care! We can go explain things to Lestrade later and...I almost don't care if I am dreaming" John said as he buried his head in Sherlock's chest.
He doesn't hear their laughter of ridicule, he barely feels the at this point, he doesn’t feel the blade of the knife engraving his skin, there on the breastbone, not the blood flowing. He’s just aware of the important things that he managed to keep secret. John's voice, for example.
But what it should be doesn't happen. What happens is something else, and it isn't right. It's anything but right. It's just pain and every other bad thing that there is in the world. Sherlock cries because he cannot scream anymore, a hand closing his mouth and it isn't John's. It's never John's.
To ask him to take him, to see his blue eyes raising for the surprise and -Sherlock hopes- shining of joy. He didn’t have the time. And he won't anymore.
The boy finally nods. “Later, you rest now” he says. And Sherlock does. He tries not to hope, but he’s starting to feel more alive than he’s ever been in the past weeks. Managing the pain it’s what he needs to do right now, he will have all the time to feel it later, but now it’s not the moment. It may be his last opportunity, and he can’t waste it.
Sherlock remembers that day very well. He often thinks about it, when he's not so tired that he still can. He likes how his name posed on John's lips, as if it was the only place in the world where his name was supposed to be.
His legs are starting to feel dumb, ready to give up, and there’s blood flowing under his feet. He must have cut himself, but it doesn't matter.
Sherlock has always loved the silence, it has always preserved him from himself, it has been a trusted comrade and a discrete advisor. A nocturn lover in not-so-gentle nights. A lover easy to domesticate, or to tame. Easy to understand and to handle.
. Then probably he notices it, so he starts calling him Gavin, Gary, Gawain and they just look the other way. But that
And John doesn't stop, his tongue caresses slowly his lover’s jaw, he barely touches his lips. He walks down his scar letter by letter and tries to make Sherlock realise that he is the best and the most extraordinary man John's ever known, that he ever had the chance of meeting.
Victor, who tells him his name just before leaving, really helps him. He gets him out, for real. It's night, everywhere is dark and cold, they are probably in the countryside. Sherlock is barefoot -Victor gave him something to wear, but he couldn't do more-, he feels the grass tickling the soles of his feet and he almost cries. But he can't, not yet. There's going to be time, later.
The good ones it hurts a bit less, and Sherlock just sleeps. The bad ones, he can't hold tears and he invocates his voice.
Sherlock is choking. Everything is dark, and there’s silence all around him. And silent are his hands that aren't playing the violin anymore, only scratching themselves under the rough rope.
There are a lot of first times, after that one: the first time Sherlock gets up and makes tea for him and for John, and John smiles so much because he has never done it, not even before, and Sherlock thinks that his smile is the best thing ever happened to him. Almost like a nine-point case, you know; the first time Lestrade comes to visit and Sherlock calls him
“No” growls John. John understands, John always understands, he pulls him to his chest and Sherlock holds on to him without having the slightest intention of letting him go, fingers tight to the cloth of his jacket.
“John...” he calls, with a feeble voice. Everything hurts and his senses are muffled, but when John comes close to him and looks at him, he thinks he could drown in those eyes and die happily a million times, it doesn't matter the pain he feels in his body.
But there's John with him, there are his blue eyes, there's safety and after all, Sherlock thinks he might be ready for anything.
He stops at the door, Sherlock knows because he’s listening, but he doesn't have the strength to open his eyes.
And then he sees him, and it must be a dream or something similar, but maybe it's just real: those blue eyes. His blue eyes.
He screams because they can take everything away from him, everything but that, everything but John. And the man who's working his way between his legs is not John, and it's anger that Sherlock feels inside, because it should have been John and no one else, ever. He waited thirty-five years for that, and he cannot allow anyone to take it away from him. Taking away what has always been destined to and John only, the only one Sherlock has ever desired to touch, the only one whose body Sherlock hasn't been afraid of. The only one he has ever desired because it would have been so bloody right.
“It had to be you, John” he says in the end, eyes down. He feels John's gaze get up on his face, but he can't watch him. “I wanted it to be you.”
He has his back on the mattress, and John is always careful not to turn him and to look him in the eyes.
Obviously, they don't. Someone vile and disgusting comes in every couple of hours. Sometimes Sherlock wakes up and offers himself to whoever arrives, trying to get them off quickly so that it doesn’t last long. Sometimes he tries not to stop sleeping. He knows he can’t just keep screaming and crying.  He sleeps, he wakes up, then he goes back to sleep. Keeping track of the days is impossible, but he feels like being stuck in a painful and cruel routine.  He loses himself, awareness of its surroundings and of what’s happening to him.
He sees some lights in the distance, through the trees. He isn't sure about what he sees, actually, but he wants to believe in it.
everyone heard it; the first time Mycroft appears in their living room and Sherlock gives him a half smile, John doesn't notice because he’s still too angry, and the eldest Holmes pretends not to care.
Sherlock nods, back to silence again. He doesn't want to take a breath and think about something useless, about something that is not going to change anything. Not the state of things, not his sorrow, not the hole in his chest, not his shortcomings.
It's a strong negation, despite his raspy voice after weeks of silence. He just manages to make them angrier. One takes his hair, pulling it so hard that he screams, foreign fingers filling his mouth.
He's awakened by sweaty hands running on his body, he closes his eyes and says nothing. He thinks about John, and says nothing.
He has the extraordinary ability to bring him back when his thoughts kidnap him, and his mind takes him away. Sometimes it’s because of a similar touch, sometimes because of a sudden pain.
"I've stayed out of here,so you can have your sleep and I won't bother you with my coffee making,pacing or thought processing, but if this case is triggering your dreams-"
John had the latest blog typed up titled Murder in a fashion, and was flooded with talk and replys as many readers saw what was put on the news. Neither John or Sherlock made time to talk in front of cameras,so they could not be seen.
If more people had not tried to drive on the road with the ever changing, horrible weather,John would have not been asked to camp out at, and keep working most of a week at the hospital.
He was able to help him get dressed,stiff shoulders and everything, and was back in the kitchen to turn the omelette over before lowering the temp and running upstairs to get dressed for work himself.
There were plenty of books and reading for both, but Sherlock might be sleeping through a lot of the nausea until at least a few days had passed.
He stretched, and looked down. Yes, his pants and shirt had several rips in it. Even holes where things had gone through parts of his legs and such. There were holes,and pipes and boards that matched the size and shape of the holes in his clothes, but below? The skin did not even show a scratch.
"Oh!" Amber said with a smile " I play and test different levels and styles of different games to catch any faults or hang ups. Then I turn in reports to different admins, and sometimes find ways to make money with the games".
"You're still exhausted, but she was busy at the park and was out after dinner, we've had no cases with this snow, and I've missed you not being here half the day and night" he hissed.
" Would you like some tea? We can talk this out and I'll see where I can help you once I get out of these work clothes."
"Think nothing of it, a man with those resources has a solid credit insurance on it,so any workers will be reimbursed in cash credit. Any hardware proof he likely keeps somewhere close to him,to "find" or add to anything since created to pay for the next business venture. Of course this will be done long after making a show of revenge.Pretty simple really"
"If you could do your job completely, I would not have to be here" Sherlock said. He sighed papers,then passed the pin to John who signed as well.
and worn from the dodging,darting,and running they had been doing. Furniture in the kitchen and elsewhere had been moved around, and smaller chairs were laying on thier sides,but nothing had been broken. The skull was still untouched, and looking from the mantle piece, and Sherlock in his drearyness had not even started any experiments during the long spell of no cases while snowed in.
Sherlock smiled and leaned into John until they pulled up to 221. With one hand, John got his wallet out, gave the cabbie cash, and put his wallet back in his pocket. For once, telling the cabbie to keep the change as he nudged Sherlock out of the car. (While Sherlock kept a solid grip on his hand as he stepped out) Sherlock was nearly running upstairs, pulling John along as John dug for the keys.
" The cleaners just finished,and while everything is set to keep an eye on my brother,I have elsewhere to be. Feel free to do as you two wish while you're 'just swimming'" Mycroft said as he turned and left on the elevator.
John sighed and ran his fingers through the curls behind him. He had just finished getting the blog and case details out of his head.
John looking up and smiling at him,then running a hand through Sherlock's hair. Even ran a finger through the cum on his chest and licked it off his fingers.
Sherlock felt tired,then slouched as she walked away. He could not find the energy to stand up,or sit straight, and was soon out.
"Get me the x-ray and some basic tools. I'll take it out myself" John said when Sherlock finished being further examined.
"I think I need a long bath" Sherlock said,"I want to work through this adrenaline with what the husband wanted to train me in the way he looked at me,both actually.Don't act like it's never been on your mind. I'm not a monster as well,if you just want to sit and watch tv at the hotel,I can respect that and just keep making and going through more bad coffee. You can also think of it as part of recovery and we can never talk of it again if you wish,and imagine I am whoever you want. Now let's go closer by the road" he said before grabbing John's hand and leaving in a rush.
As they walked away, there was fuss from what seemed to be the well dressed man on a mobile, but it was in what sounded like Cantonese.
He smiled. So the boss over his heart often makes him tea and coffee? Doesn't matter. He could still get many around him to fall in line and go where thier needed when necessary.
John patted the bed and told Sherlock "over here" while motioning over and standing by the bed slightly crouched over.
Digging through a few computer drawers and even quickly within computer cases Sherlock found a few flash drives, a few card drives and he held them close to his lantern. Several he kept, one he hesitantly kept, and two he tossed aside.
His foot hit what felt like a large bell, and he stopped. He had never noticed anything large, metallic,and an odd shape in this part of the area before. Could be new,could be...
This will not be unusual for John at all, and in the end, he will not need to go through all of the blankets and quilts for some time.
"Tsk Tsk Tsk" a familiar voice came from near the stairs. "Your so close Johnny,but you don't really know how to look at the details around before you blunder do you?"
"A very squirmy one that needs to be questioned" Sherlock said,still trying to hold down and partially sit on a woman who now started cussing. In a definitely female voice while John was wrapping up his call for help from the M.E.T.
Important when experiments had to be kept out of reach of someone who only gets bigger, and has been walking,and running when they went to the park earlier.
Originally, he had traveled far to look into where Rosie's great grandchildren ended up,and Harry and Clara did have a son later in life after Harry kept sober permenantly, enough for a final reconciliation.
"Are we meeting up with a helicopter anytime soon Sherlock?" John said with a curious smile, sighing and shrugging and saying. "If we are just going to call a helicopter to the airport, or just have it get us at the park for all I know, we are going to need to pack. Lundy is not exactly London you know. And we know bad weather is coming there. You do know what all we are looking for?"
After going to court for attempted bribery,she verified that she finally got the funds to have a child and give it a life better than hers had been. She was going after conventions to get pregnant by a smart guy,but could not even keep up with talking to them much. A smart baby would grow up to find ways to keep her in her wealthy habits,or even make them better. A smart baby would keep out of the poverty she almost didn't escape. She didn't need a man to do it for her since none she found would.
"We're not investigating anything done by him, unless you know otherwise" John said, walking out towards the pool and giving him a side eyed look.
" This is an old building John. The fire is very much appreciated, but I'm sure it did not get old if it couldn't handle this and worse coming from London" Sherlock said, wrapping his housecoat tighter around his neck.
The clothes right next to him seemed unaffected, but minutes later a black fox nose peeked out from the crumbled blue robe.
" Not so much bring it, although when I have been severely injured, I have cared even less on who I killed in my healing. It makes it harder to ignore,and easier to get carried away with. I don't want to accidentally kill you"
"Now William! You don't stop your push ups yet, and we haven't even started the stretches. You need to be in excellent shape and endurance so you don't hurt yourself..  I want to properly leave here with you. Your idea of tact..." John turned towards Mycroft with a steady look and a smile as Sherlock resumed push ups. "Our time isn't up,I got more when I was down earlier. Everything on Baker Street will stay fine until I get back to work tomorrow and he might have a case. It's rude to barge in where your not invited, so if you will, leave us alone here"
They were soon screeching to the restaurant. John paid the amused cabbie again before the driver grinned and drove off.
John soon felt soft fingers lightly touching,then massaging into his hair and temple with no other shifts. He knew he should make a more solid lunch or something eventually,but he just moved down where his head was alongside in Sherlock's lap. Fingers staying in easy reach,and starting to work on his neck.
They woke up the next morning, and Sherlock turned the phone on he had been given to help get Irene and Kate turned in. He texted Lestrade to track him, and that the sources of scandal could be put behind bars,but not for what was originally intended.
That ass was anything but proper and professional. He was not even guiding his hand when it had been heading to it. Sherlock had put on bits of weight over time since he's been back living with John again. Most of it went to muscle,that could be seen clearly along his scarred back. That right there,he thought as he looked back down at the end of Sherlock's spine,was much more bone when he last dressed in a sheet.
While the man was cuffed and taken to an electric police cart (only until it was taken out of the airport and to the police car by the sidewalk),John was seeing to the child.
The stairs seemed to go on for a while, then a door was found against a cave wall, while stairs continued going up. Legs got tired, but another crack and rumble gave both a quick jolt of fight/flight and energy, and Sherlock opened, then ran through the door.
Thoughts came back to him. He had been in the army for years before! Saw, worked with, and showered with many men! They changed clothes in front of each other often, and there was nothing to it.
"I need to shift at least every few months, because of what I am now. I am very sorry John, I am behind on my changes because of what all they bring, and I could have killed you"
After leaving the MET office, having found the right suspects and signed the right paperwork,they left for Molly's to get Rosie.
Sniffing it,he topped off the pot he had before taking what was mixed into one of the stove burners.
Sherlock looked towards John and mouthed 'keep talking' while his eyes were darting towards the guard.
"Hmmm" John hummed as he backed up and looked into Sherlock's eyes."I want to talk to the MET,but I feel this is a trap that is being waited on. You sound sick,or not quite right.I have a few more days before being expected at work. Do you have anything in your lab where I can draw your blood? You've been drugged for days! I want to at least...no,not my office...maybe have Molly see what all is in your system? What were you given that led to Moriarty giving you back, hands off?"
John had moved back in and helped with cases alongside his job,which had now promoted to a higher level. They still got along in thier habits, and still had different ways of doing things, whether that be using the oven to cook with,or using it for a thermal, reactive expirement that had to keep temperature changes well timed and documented to keep the testing steady.
"Thanks for that" John whispered,but then stared into the flames, letting them and the mundane of making coffee calm him. "Are we safe here if,as you said, someone is trying to drive us out?"
"Why did you not feel like telling me? Was she an old fling with your residential sentiment?" Sherlock asked,with the masked expression and final smirk.
"Did she have dark hair and eyes Sherlock?" John asked as he had dumped two cans of stew in a pot, and was stirring as it warmed up.
The chairs and table had been moved in front of the stairs, and parts of the floor marked with boundaries and X's made with bright green tape.
John still had 2 days off before he had to clock in for a shift at work. He cooked dinner for both of them,which Sherlock seemed to inhale before going to bed for 15 hours.
The torch shone on a square that flickered back. Things looked confusing between odd, random gaps that trickled light into the cave and the flickering reflection on different small streams and waterfalls. But the symmetry stuck out right away, and getting a closer look only made both curious.
"Take my coat off so I don't get sick? Don't think it usually works that....this IS nice in here" Sherlock rubbed his hands together and held them in front of the heat source.
He didn't turn it on, because he could hear the shower going. Instead of freezing the man he lived with,he went towards the bathroom to try and help him. (With washing,drying, unwinding, calming down. He had long learned how to multitask in a way many he worked for would care to know nothing about,and has helped him stay in good shape)
“Damnit, Sherlock. You deserve more than that,” John said, his voice lower and rougher than Sherlock had ever heard it. Sherlock opened his eyes, and John continued in a whisper, “And I need more than that.”
Curt would always have a fascination with the man because of it. Sherlock had that inexplicable Something that Brian Slade had possessed. Except with Sherlock, there was no rabid self-awareness of it. It remained pure, unadulterated Self, bared for the world to witness. It made most people feel small, uncomfortable. For Curt, it was like staring into a fire. Mesmerizing, inviting, thrilling. Dangerous in its ability to consume.
“Well, that’s a bit rude,” Sherlock supplied in a totally reasonable tone of voice. He put the lid on the kettle.
He stood on the step now, looking up at the knocker below the brass numbers. It hung crooked, and that made John’s mouth twitch upwards at the corners. How he missed his friend, like a phantom limb.
It was Sherlock. There. In the flat, looking at him with wary eyes behind which whirred that singularly remarkable mind.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice cracked apart, intimately so, in that monosyllabic utterance. I knew how he hated to repeat himself, but he seemed to be unable to say anything else. My name was borne on the air around us, not cold -- but affected, and said almost as a warning. He had not pushed me away, though. That was enough encouragement for me. I must have lost my mind, gone mad in the stress of it all. Fractured senseless by death and loss and need unbound.
He noted his body’s responses, the increased rate of breathing, sweaty palms, and the sensitivity to smell: Curt’s smell of leather, cigarettes and coffee. It had been so very long, and this idiotic thing with John had made him want… Just, Want.
“It is a reproduction, a high quality reproduction, but a reproduction nonetheless…” she informed, trying to gauge his reaction.
“Mycroft, I appreciate what you’ve done, but why are you here?” John faced Mycroft once more, now crossing his arms.
When John arrived at the exclusive establishment, he had expected some kind of resistance, maybe even a refusal by staff for Mycroft’s audience. John was ushered kindly enough to Mycroft. He stepped into the large and open room that he had come to mentally call a lair.
“You utter cock,” John sighed, eyes closing, head dropping. He cupped the phone close, listening so hard he could hear the soft whoosh of his own blood and the breath of his friend on the other end of the signal, “Our... mutual... acquaintance told me why you did it. I…” -- he cursed softly, and then finished the statement -- “I hate it. Jesus, I thought I hated you, but I don't. I don't. I get it. I get why you did it.”
John waited in the kitchen, hearing the bedroom door click shut. He was petrified by some overwhelming emotion. He breathed into the quiet. He thought he heard a bed creak. He spun around on the spot, charged into the hall and down the stairs. He left 221B as if it were on fire. He felt like He were on fire.
The reality, the breadth of it all, was beginning to really sink in. John was disturbed to realize that he resented Sherlock almost as much as he loved him. And that was a whole hell of a lot. His anger was what kept him upright, ready for bear. Tremulous hope, on the other hand, was what kept his heart thudding like a bass line behind his sternum and at the bottom of his throat.
"No,I got a call that said a ride sent from Mycroft is waiting to take us to the local police station here, and to bring you"
Mycroft said his goodbyes and courtesies to all of the officials and workers from several different governments that had stayed at the hotel as they left. Anthea mentioned an assistant had texted her with pictures that John was seen at the front desk in pyjamas with a cart before going back up the elevator. Alone.
"It is, depending on how this goes, I've already called Molly and told her you may be there two nights,we can't be sure" Sherlock hated not telling her the whole truth, but it would lead to more questions than he had answers for,and he had a sense it would upset John.
When the quiet spell ended, there were a good number of enemy soldiers driving tanks through, and shooting through whoever they got near in the trenches.
"I really don't have time for this, can those two be escorted out? Get a ride for them to Baker Street and I will be there soon after this international meeting is taken care of," Mycroft looked towards Sherlock, "I don't like missing details any more than you do. I'll be by there as soon as I can to dig you out of wherever you got yourself into. Goodbye and don't scamper anywhere but home."
Sherlock stopped and started smiling, "That will not be a problem. I'm sure the suspects were factoring in this bureaucratic paperwork mess with the storm that will be hitting there soon," he said.
"Our clothes have been brought back to us, after I had the hotel clean them" Sherlock said, sitting his cup on a counter and picking up the bag before sitting himself in the chair.
Jackets were grabbed and of course Sherlock was able to get the cab that had previously dropped John off as he was adjusting his scarf.
Sherlock was in his chair,distanced in what seemed like his mind palace when he looked over as John closed the door.
By morning,the bed had been remade and the bedroom was closed off with the bedroom window open. Sherlock was in his bathrobe with wet curls tuning his violin while John was dressed for work, making coffee and the last plate of scrambled eggs before getting his white Doctor coat and a winter coat over that and heading out.
He crunched and slid down quietly, trying to make sense of what was going on with so little light. After the coat had surged forward pushing upwards, he could see hands moving between the arms and working against being held.( All while he heard what could be slurping,or frantic kissing noises?)
Sherlock stretched his arms and popped his back. "If we practice and do this correctly,we can put on a show without hurting each other as well."
Sherlock started to stir and turned around in John's grip before starting his own hold there on the couch.
He opened his eyes. His mind palace was his,and only his property! It could not be changed in anyone's favor but his!
"Well,there and there is blood obviously,that contrast over there and coming over on a top layer is bile, but it's much fresher." John said " Did forensics get a sample here to see if it's from the same person?"
"She found someone. There is no wedding because her partners parents don't agree to this,but they have also been fostering a pair of siblings they will legally adopt while thier at it which they also do not agree with. I was happy to call and hear her voice when I called her this morning. We'll be meeting up at the new Selene's later with the whole group, for what she joked will likely be the last drink they will risk having for some time with kids around"
Yes,what I describe actually exists in London to those who haven't heard. See where reaserch can take you?
"Mycroft said to call you and only you,see you soon downstairs, goodbye" she said before hanging up.
Sherlock did as he was told and was thinking 'by steps,does he mean his size steps or mine?' before he felt the familiar brush on his ankle.
He had been staying away from using strong smelling cleaners,but with it looking to be right before sunrise he knew waking Sherlock up to the smell of coffee would be welcomed now.
She was too much like John for restrictions she saw no need for to do any good, whether John would agree to it or not.
"You don't get it John! I've run into it before, had it well under control for years, and now it has come back in a different form,but I've seen how that goes too" Sherlock said,now looking down as he buttoned down his shirt.
"Of course I had to make do, we couldn't sneak a bed down here, we set up a frame of lighting and "Moriarty walked closer to where Sherlock was  standing/held up and turned his head to look him in the eyes." Having you chained to the wall and at my mercy does have it's appeal,but" he stepped back.
John pulled some of the rope up to hook Sherlock to it before smiling, pulling Sherlock to him nose to nose, and making his first jump down.
Sherlock pointed towards the tea and John took everything,coffee,tea, and mug into the kitchen as Sherlock curled on his chair.
Sherlock stumbled to the front door and met with Lestrade. They went over case pictures and Sherlock pointed out what was obvious to study into and which of the suspects would know it.
He solved the case by walking along thier blind son's sensory trail, and finding where,as it was expanded as he got older,it crossed with another trail made by ones who didn't want to be easily seen for what they were doing.
"That's what I was saying earlier! It wasn't even a good case,but I got out of the apartment,away from this snow,but not away from whatever this is..." Sherlock mentioned scratching at his ankles.
She walked to the kitchen sink and threw them down the drain, turning the water on so they would go away.
" Someone that's depended on, but not thought of as important by many. An artist, but not thought to be such. I want to see the next scene,to see if they keep progressing" Sherlock said absently with a wave.
Walking to the door and swiping the key, he opened the door,John turned the light on, and they looked inside.
Sherlock did not want to clean up anymore messes in his room,so he herded them towards the downstairs shower where he almost made it.
After reading chapter 7 from the ohlooktheresabee's prompt, this type of chapter ended up writing itself. It is based more on the metaphorical interpretation that velvet is comfortable, and once in it, someone would love to stay in it and not change,but it still fits the prompt. What Sherlock mentions about the title being in literature and strategic is true,let google be your guide
Sherlock opened the door and stepped into the hallway. John was relieved that Sherlock was wearing clothes. They were not good clothes,being a t-shirt, silk drawstring pants and house shoes,but he was covered.
Well, things went longer than I planned on,but I'm sure many writers know when you set the boys lose,they can do anything!
"Evening Sherlock! Just getting a shower,then you can tell me if you found anything interesting there" John said, nodding at the laptop across Sherlock's legs before turning to close the door,"or in one of your experiments before I head out later" he said before hanging his jacket up, and giving Sherlock a grin before grabbing his work bags and heading upstairs.
"Hello, I am a little concerned about the same thing, but I finally found time to go to this and don't want to miss out. There's crime all over London" Sherlock shrugged, trying not to look strange.
John backtracked his cleaning,and got to the new box of detergent. It still had oxygen cleaner,still had baking soda,but then
"Your not second best" Sherlock said, placing a hand on John's head. "I don't know why you keep chasing dates that would bore anyone. I've seen it many times myself, some think they love me, want to see me, love what you write of me,but somehow it doesn't take much for me to get them to run." He backed up, held John's head in his hand,and looked him in the eyes.
John watched with a smile. He wasn't sure how this would work,w Sherlock always thought of something.
There were many that walked through this area, and took stairs and elevators to live and shop on foot.
Sherlock had his small, lined bag that was already beginning to bulge as he zipped it closed, looking at John up the stairs.
Curt must mean Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock must have deleted the nickname. He texted back that he would join them shortly.
The other body was a petite woman, caucasian. A gun lay near her on the ground. She, too, was face up. Her eyes were closed, though, and her mouth was open wide as if she had died while screaming. It seemed the back of her head was missing, as if it had been bashed into the pavement.
, but please do ogle Lestrade on your own time. It does little for my spirits, makes me sort of… queasy.”
John’s throat tightened now, as he sat there remembering how close Sherlock had ended up sitting next to him on the sofa. They had started with a respectable distance between them.
The realization that this was happening washed over him like a cool wave and he shivered, frozen in time, in his mind. It wasn’t the sex. It was the raw emotion. It was his own, private Pandora’s box of repressed feeling and memory, shattered open by the words Sherlock had spoken. Fear and sadness overwhelmed him as surely as a riptide.
John’s blood was still up, making his skin feel tight and hot. He turned back to Sherlock’s chair. Sherlock, of course, was not there. John looked back to Mycroft as if he, too, would vanish. He was still there.
The interview highlighted the contacts Arthur had made on his journey to finding the truth of Brian Slade’s resurrection as an American pop idol. It included Arthur’s reaction to the death of Brian’s ex-wife who had drowned in her own puke, apparently too drunk and high on pills to save herself. The interview painted a brief picture of a morose man who did not seem to feel proud of his exposing Brian Slade.
It was almost noon. Sherlock stared out of the tall, narrow window. He had been oscillating between two moods over the past ten hours: climbing the walls... or reflective, utter stillness.
It was only then that the woman’s mask of indifference morphed into something more human, a bump of a smile curled the corners of her mouth.
The only man he had come close to having these kinds of feelings for had been Major James Sholto, and that had been a disjointed but sincere companionship that John was pretty sure wouldn’t have lasted outside of a combat zone or military base. Well, probably not.
The first therapy session he’d attended last Wednesday had proven useful. His therapist had asked if living in the flat had become a problem, an emotional “road block”. John considered it. It was definitely like living in a requiem. And so, the decision was made to move out.
How much time passed, John could not be sure. He sat in an antique chair, soft with fine upholstery and studded with rare detail. John’s hands covered his face as he leaned forward, elbows on his knees.
Added to that familiar affection was now a frank, uncomplicated desire: pupils dilated, breathing slightly increased, a bounding pulse at the base of the older man’s neck. The realization sent waves of pleasure through Sherlock, alien and unsettling. He instantly felt the blush under his shirt, felt the warmth rising just before his face burned hot.
“Yes, John,” he answered me. His voice was low, and the shape of the words were so delicate, so manicured, that I felt I could say anything at that moment and it would be sacred.
“Sure, no, I…” – his attention flickered between Curt and Sherlock – “…just need to put the milk up.”
Sherlock was on his phone, texting at high speed. John remained quiet despite his worry and intense curiosity.
John finally stopped laughing, sliding his hands up and down the fabric of Sherlock’s dressing gown. There were small acid burns here and there in the fabric. John closed his eyes, letting the moment brand itself into his memory banks.
“Mmm,” is Sherlock’s reply, mimicking John from earlier. They share two small smiles, and it is easy to look into each other’s eyes even as electric warmth runs up from their toes to the rest of their bodies.
"Yes... It's me," Anderson replied, stepping from the shadows into the streetlight. He was wearing a high-collared trench coat, and his hair was longer than John had ever seen it. It had been eight months since Sherlock's suicide. That had been the last time he'd seen Anderson... at the funeral.
“Really?” John responded, feigning being scandalized. He turned off the sound of the television, as if the subject required his utmost attention. Maybe it did. The whole thing was utterly fascinating.
Truth be told, Sherlock’s body heat next to him had been a kind of honest, unfiltered reassurance he simply could not deny himself. He hadn’t the strength to resist. He waited for the discomfort or embarrassment to rise within him over this realization, but it never came. In its stead, a sad kind of quiet wonder burgeoned, some alien sense of gravidity.
“I guess let Sherlock know I’ll be at the hotel. If he can’t get me on my cell, he can call Hoija there.”
“Wake up. Please, wake up,” Sherlock heard himself saying when the nurse and patient care technicians came hurrying in with the restraints. The doctor had signed off on their usage only a couple of hours ago, but Sherlock couldn’t bare the sight of them until absolutely necessary. With the saline drip and catheter, however, it could wait no longer.
They shared everything they had before: the Work, the arguments, the tea and the curry. They also shared light touches, random and tentative. Hands, shoulders, arms. And these touches were becoming increasingly electric and lingering, as if shifting from emotional Repair to physical Need.
Sherlock looked like he was going to say something sarcastic, but he closed his mouth upon seeing John’s expression. John registered his friend’s nearly emaciated visage, tan as it was. He raked his eyes over him in his pajamas and dressing gown. The Stradivarius was, of course, intact and held in long, artful fingers along with the bow.
“So… You’ve stopped… chasing the dragon,” Sherlock’s voice floated into the living room. He had reappeared in the doorway of the sitting room.
Sherlock did not entertain guilt at John’s injury. John lived for the cases, almost as much as Sherlock. At times, it was precarious work, but work fitting for the two of them. Neither one of them would have it any other way. Not yet, at least. John would not have approved of needless guilt. Not any more. He would, however, disapprove of what Sherlock was about to do.
He was very much aware of the male presence to his immediate left, close. He once knew the man, and that man had known him in ways that left Sherlock feeling cagey and somewhat unsure. Off-balance, lost, weirdly yearning for some forgotten… thing. What was it? A ghost of something far away but familiar.
She was wearing nothing but a gray tank top and plaid pajama bottoms. Her head was shaved and her skin was light brown. Her forearms and hands were cut up, too. She stood in the rain. The symmetrical features of her face were hard and grim.
Sherlock decided he would not blush at this. That was what John wanted after all. He sometimes regretted telling the doctor about the personification of the Need, but they had been doing the Sharing Thing a lot lately, and it had just come out.
Her smile sparkled suddenly, and she watched him with some curiosity, “Please, no need to apologize. It is good news, isn’t it? That it wasn’t real?”
Sherlock finally looked at the doorway, seeing naught but the luggage Mycroft had brought. He sighed heavily, and folded forward onto the edge of the bed, never letting go of John’s hand.
He watched John’s hands slowly unclench, watched the tension harden those square shoulders. He watched as John turned, his eyes honed into the fading flames inside the hearth. Most definitely not looking at Sherlock.
“Oi, it’s not visitin’ hours,” called a male nurse who probably was already aggravated by Mycroft’s presence. Lestrade flashed a badge and the nurse scowled and continued his rounds.
Lestrade’s stout umbrella almost blew away in gusts that buffeted them before the wind dissipated into dreary stillness. The rain had stopped, leaving only a gray canopy of unladen storm clouds.
Sherlock glanced from the morbid scene some meters away, down to his hand, enfolded in John’s reassuring grasp.
John kept his voice low, whispered and urgent as he leaned in, “He could have sent that pendant to you himself.”
This text was a bit off. He re-read and mulled it over. Finally, John recognized the discrepancy. This was Sherlock’s way of addressing Feelings.
John pressed on despite the interruption, not able to look directly at Sherlock just yet, “It was while you were gone, while you were… you know, dead.”
He would talk to her about buying a new violin, maybe. No, he wouldn’t. That would bring up Sherlock, and this was most definitely not the time to be talking of his former flatmate.
He looked from the window to my eyes, like a silver-green laser shooting right into me. I nodded once and shrugged, “Sure. Of course. Yeah.”
As I stood on the sidewalk, victim to this invasive memory, I wondered what to expect, what response, from the man I had walked away from, eschewed for so many weeks.
John watched Sherlock’s fair skin turn pink, first his neck and then his cheeks. John found that he loved the sight. It was intoxicating. It made him nearly lose his composure. He had dropped his arms down to his sides without knowing it.
Time tended to lose meaning when one was puking. John did not know how long he had been in the lou when he heard a familiar, trilling, “Hoo-hoo? John, dear?”
He fidgeted in frustration as I took my hand away from his chest, “Oh, for god’s sakes, John! I mean... the... the kissing!” He put his hands on his hips and glared.
He knew that his physiology was hampering the rapid-fire succession of cold reason and logic that defined his waking sobriety. He welcomed the flood. He was effectively intoxicated.
“Love you, too,” he whispered, tamping down the emotion that welled beneath the utterance of these words. Come back to me, he thought shamelessly, though did not say aloud. He had already said enough.
“Get on with it?” I repeated, a little taken aback and feeling more than a bit impish. I could not hide my grin.
John did that rapid blinking thing he did when he was caught unawares, right in the Feels. A rush of air punched out of his lungs, “First.”
“Oh, sure. I’m just flattered, is all. Do you really want to have this conversation in front of them?”
Dr. Lennon’s eyes rounded and she gasped, “Oh! Oh, oh! Hot diggity!” She pulled out a small lump from the package.
John refused to look. He was not going to entertain the hallucination. But he had to know if the note was real. How could he do that?
“Fine. Terrific. I wasn’t sulking,” I replied with a sniff and a convenient look away at the supine perpetrator. I could not deny the megrims had lifted from my heart, and now I felt weirdly welcomed, if a little awkward. I chanced a glance at my friend’s now smug face. He regarded me with a warmth that made my ears burn and my mind flip-flop. The police cruiser and unmarked car pulled up to the kerb at Speedy’s, rescuing me from the rapid and unexpected shift of emotion within me. What the bloody hell?
He glowered and strode purposefully away from the car, toward the shuttle that would take him to the train station. The car followed.
They broke apart abruptly, as if niether were ready for the desparate passion that had only just begun to stir beind the chaste kiss. They did not meet eachother’s eyes. Their heads were bent together as if in some secret conversation.
“You’re doing a decent job thus far,” was what he said, thinking John would approve of his congenial words, if not his deadpan delivery of them.
was her last thought before she crumpled to her knees, hands darting out to grab the rail for aide. She still ended up hitting her forehead on the bars. The metal frame of the fire escape clanged with the impact of her drop and her head. Her vision swam.
His worry increased when his friend did not immediately respond. He was used to being ignored, but why was Sherlock breathing so hard and covered in sweat?
“Greg? Who?” Sherlock took little effort to switch tracks of thought, though the change of subject puzzled him. John was not prone to random feats of complex thought.
“You wanted to…” Sherlock’s brows knitted together, and a low “hmmm” resonated in his throat, “…to have sex?” -- his voice dropped in tone and volume as disbelief clung to the cogs of his mind – “…with me?”
Sherlock hailed a cab, pendant safe in his pocket. He searched his phone for the name of the professor with whom he had consulted on various occasions when the need arose. He sent a text asking for help.
“What… are you doing, John?” his words came out sounding absurdly breathless. This lack of vocal control aggravated Sherlock. That, coupled with the line of heat radiating off of John in their close proximity, made Sherlock’s blush deepen.
“I couldn’t believe my eyes,” John turned fully to him then, arms still folded tightly to his chest. John smiled in wonder despite himself, “Didn’t know humans could move like that.”
It looked to be a slow day. Between a case of the flu and a case of chafing mistaken for herpes, John texted Mycroft.
“Shit,” he gasped abruptly to the empty cab, startling himself, strange and staggering emotion welling within him.
John startled at the abrupt reanimation of his friend. He turned pink at what he knew he had to say, “It was you. I was trying to replace you…”
"Anderson?" John could hear the slur in his own voice as he staggered against the brick face of a gift shop on Baker Street. He would've taken a cab from the pub but had lost his wallet somewhere. He couldn't seem to keep track of things since... since the Fall.
I nodded. Of course he knew. Then, I got a strange feeling he meant something else. I furrowed my brow, “Wait, what do you mean you
They stood in silence for almost a full two minutes. The black cab that appeared out of traffic swerved to pick them up. It was barely stopped before the duo piled in.
Finally, he was able to crack open his eyes. They were crusty with sleep, and he could smell the liquor in his sweat. He must have turned the heat up last night, too hot.
When Sherlock didn’t say anything after a while, a kind of sad dread tugged at the corners of John’s thought process. John spoke with a deep, reticent finality, eyes still closed, “What is it… Sherlock…? Did I give it all away…” – two, angry, hot tears crept out of the corners of his eyes – “Like this? In a bloody hospital room… in a dream… like a stupid, lovesick idiot… pining after… after someone...”
Sherlock was sure John was still dreaming, but he answered anyway, desperate to communicate somehow, “In a hospital.”
“What?” John almost choked on his outrage, and a trickle of trepidation. His mind raced. How would he react if Sherlock were actually dead, he wondered. He would sock Anderson in the mouth, is what he would do. John already had been feeling bad about how he’d ended things last time with Anderson, but the weirdo had taken his coat!
And his heart squeezed like a bloody fist between two, paralyzed lungs. Fuck. Sherlock was mesmerizing.
“Sure. Take your time. I’ll let the doctor know he’s awake,” and with that she left, shutting the door strategically behind her.
“John,” he declared reflexively, dashing to the open door of John's room, sweeping in to a stop, heart pounding. John lay in the bed still, eyes closed, brow crinkled. His hands twitched and sought purchase in the bedclothes.
Of course, it wasn’t just the sexual energy that was driving him up the wall. He was well and truly concerned for Sherlock. He had turned Mycroft’s job offer down, and that had been the last he had contact with the man. Either Sherlock would make it home, or he wouldn’t. That had become John’s mantra. So, he had soldiered on.
Sherlock shivered once and hard under John’s touch. His breath came tremulous between them, a quivering exhalation from flared nostrils.
It was imperative that he solve the slippery problem of the Great Unnamable Thing. He had come to need his Conductor of Light. And what was more, he did not resent the Need. It was, after all, just that: a necessity. Sherlock had decided that fighting it was an absolute waste of energy. That energy was best used to ensure and foster his friendship with John. Obviously.
Sherlock couldn’t help the blush now, “Perhaps a bit sweaty…” – he cleared his throat, looking down – “Bloody sometimes.”
The blasphemous confidence of that small expression awoke something feral in John’s gut, and his trepidation gave way to a familiar, desirous aggression.
Lestrade appeared absolutely astonished by Sherlock’s statements, “Tommy Stone, the American popstar?”
“Julie!” Jack called, apparently to the bartender. She looked up with blank eyes, “Another glass of liquid courage for my friend!”
When Sherlock had texted him his arrival time, he had been flabbergasted. Of course, his ETA wouldn’t have been accurate.
“Oh, uh, hello,” he said to John in that flat, American accent, as surprised by his timing as John was, “Is Sherlock here?”
He said this last bit, sensing John close the distance between them. He pivoted artfully to face his best friend and to move away, pulling his hands out of his pockets. He made the maneuver appear casual, fluid, but John noticed his discomfort through it.
He was waiting on a file he had requested a few days prior. The file would contain every available piece of data on a dead journalist, Arthur Stuart. Stuart had committed suicide two weeks ago.
He must have been walking for ages. He had planned on getting a cab, but apparently he needed to walk. In fact, he had walked all the way to an intersection at Baker Street.
There was one thing that John knew for certain, though, and that was that life with Sherlock in his arms was a Life Worth Living.
John’s memory began to melt together, solidifying into something that shocked him senseless. He had called Anderson by Sherlock’s name! His skin suddenly burned hot in mortification. Anderson had stroked him off. John had passed out, calling for Sherlock.
He stood at the sink, looking down into the empty cups. Why was this beginning to overwhelm him? Nonsense. He felt some nameless tension filling him, and it grew in John’s presence. He had been isolated so long, and now he was only a few steps from the Real John Watson. Mind Palace John Watson paled in comparison.
It was only out of habit that John had been able to catch up to Sherlock who was already headed out, descending the stairs. Sherlock had left his coat. That was alarming in and of itself. He grabbed Sherlock’s coat, and raced after Sherlock into the cold, stormy afternoon.
“So you’d agree with me if I said that we should get up now, get ourselves clean and then cuddle in bed until the morning?“
“Why... thank you?” Mindlessly, John keeps stroking his palms up and down Sherlock’s back even though the sunscreen has already began to seep into his skin.
A shadow of disappointment crosses over Sherlock's face. The last thing John wanted was to upset him, but judging by the downhearted look, he's managed to do just that.
The next thing Sherlock knows, John's lips are pressed against his, warm and loving and soft - a beautiful manifestation of his profound love.
“As it turns out, his injury has not been as life-threating as you were told. I tried calling you as soon as the surgery was finished, Dr Watson woke up and even started communicating not so long after then. He asked about you but then he fell asleep again.“
Sherlock took his time, not coming out until half an hour later once all the bubbles burst and water cooled down already. John had been restlessly pacing in front of the door ever since the moment Sherlock’s tea was done, clutching the mug in his hands. Once he could hear a creak behind his back he immediately approached the door, thoroughly studying Sherlock’s face that had appeared in the doorway.
Still no answer, John didn’t even seem like he was paying attention to Sherlock anymore. He was just nervously crumpling the hem of his duvet, his forehead crinkled as if he was in somewhat deep state of thinking.
, of course I am bloody happy.“ Sherlock was literally beaming, smiling from ear to ear, such joy and light in his eyes that John had never seen there before. Even though his face was patched all over the place, he was gorgeous, adorable even, John had to admit.
“John, please,“ Sherlock whispered, his eyes full of tears he couldn’t stop from rolling. There was so much he wanted to say, so much he didn’t find the courage to tell John before but now he would willingly speak up even if it meant John would laugh him off. Sherlock would rather have
, thrill, but he couldn’t find the right word to describe the way Sherlock’s lips felt against his own. They were full, pliant, tasting better than any other lips John had kissed before and even though Sherlock was mostly stiffen, barely reacting, their very first kiss was perfect just like that. Because it was just them and nothing standing in their way anymore, their special moment, brains switched off, just their hearts hammering wildly in their chests commanding their actions. The world froze around them, time flowing forward as slow and peacefully as snowflakes fluttering down from the sky and stayed like that for as long as John kept his lips pressed firmly against Sherlock’s.
John cocked his head, struggling to believe he had heard right. “Changed? Sherlock, are you even aware of who are we talking about here?“
to apologise on Mr. Harringon's behalf,” says Lidia and adjusts her glasses. Her lips are pursed as though she's embarrassed but she tries her best to appear as collected as possible.
Ah, I see. You demand vengeance. How original. Clearly, it's clouding your senses. What exactly you expect me to do? Mary has gone off the radar. She's probably changed her identity and started a brand new life somewhere far beyond the borders of England.
so she could have protected me, I’ve never believed that fairy tale. Sherlock, if she loved me so deeply, she wouldn’t have deceived me in such a way, she wouldn't be acting so abhorrently now. She would have never shot you in the first place. I told you, Sherlock. Mary believes she
“You’re pretty wonderful yourself, Sherlock Holmes,“ John all but coos, his smile widening even more as he watches Sherlock’s cheeks turn red again.
Sherlock attempted to react but the sound he made was more of an aborted whimper than an actual word. He tried to put the pieces together, make sense of what John was trying to explain to him but the mere concept of John Watson choosing him of all people over everybody else sounded too surreal to be true. One thing however, he had finally accepted. Pretending for any longer turned out to be futile. Mary was still the same volatile person she had always been, fooling him all over again, using and humiliating John even who appeared to be anything but happy by her side. Which naturally meant, much to Sherlock's horrific realisation, that if John decided to leave her now, it would put his life in peril since she was not only capable but more than willing to get a revenge on him. Sherlock had seldom felt so guilty and angry at himself for drawing so many wrong conclusions. Fixing that situation might have as well been impossible at that point but Sherlock would rather get tortured again than not giving it one more try. He had vowed to be always there for John after all, for him and the baby who was now, along with the attempt to keep John safe, the only reason why he still hesitated to fully support John’s decision which seemed to be leaving Mary in that very moment.
Sherlock's doctor - Dr. Mason - steps out. A bit younger than John, raven hair, lovely. As she notices John, she flashes a half-smile.
It took him quite long until he could function properly again. At least half-properly. Sherlock knew that if he was going to crouch there idly, letting his mind to wander off again, all those hallucinations might come back again so he rather got up, turned around and left the bathroom, walking back toward the sitting room.
else. It hurts to know that you refuse to believe you could be anyone's top priority but know that you are mine. Always. I know it's why you're acting like this now, but, Sherlock, I have made my choice and there is no force on this Earth or elsewhere that will change my opinion. Not even that baby. So please just stop with this madness. Please, just try, Sherlock, you have to try to stop tricking yourself into thinking something that is not true at all just because you believe you deserve no good.“
Sherlock sighed in frustration. “Last time I checked it was perfectly legal to visit an injured friend,“ he groused.
A small darkened room, hard to spot any details. Standing there in the shadows - Mary Morstan. On her phone. Stone cold face.
. You know, each time I tried to ask someone out I was quiet rudely rejected. No one wanted to be with me, because I was... I
John’s stomach drops at those words. The taste of remorse is much more toxic now that it hits him how ridiculously rude he was toward Sherlock. “I said I didn’t want you here,“ he exhales, disgusted of his own words. His voice appears to be tired, barely a raspy whisper.
Sherlock happily obeyed, prepared to listen to each advice John could give him in order to make them both feel as good as possible.
John offered no answer at first. He leaned down and pressed a sweet loving kiss over his cheek. “I am constantly worried about you,“ he whispered. “Don’t you dare to do anything that could result in your death, you sod, okay?“
“I have to say I am surprised you suggested going to a bar in the first place,” John remarks. “It's not exactly your ideal night-out scenario.”
an assassin who attempted to murder me should automatically erase her chances for redemption but she seemed to let go off her earlier life so she could be there for you and her daughter and I was dull enough to believe her. All so to make sure you’d get what I thought you wanted. As it turns out, some of my assumptions
“But why would she wait for over a month?“ Mycroft inquired. “Why not going after you since the start? Sherlock, it makes no sense if I have to be honest. Why would she run and hide for weeks if-“
“Mycroft,“ Sherlock shrugged. John needed no more explanations. Sherlock’s brother was surely powerful enough to execute a divorce even if neither of the spouses were present.
Sherlock jerked up in horror, panting heavily, his heart pounding fast in his chest and cold sweat running down his back in drops. He couldn’t see a thing, all he heard were distant shrieks in his head and people cackling at him, beating him in ribs and face, sharpening their blades and hooks and preparing the chains to tie him up. Sherlock groped in the air, trying to figure out where he was, but he couldn’t see through the darkness, his memory didn’t serve either. He was incapacitated with pain, withering, excruciating pain, as if the wounds on his back were opening again, bleeding out, killing him slowly.
Sherlock’s right hand was in his hair, now tight and motionless. Sherlock used his other hand as a prop, behind him on the table. Sherlock’s knees had gone all funny and weak. Soon, he would have to use the table to keep him on his feet.
He dropped his hands to look over at Sherlock. John hissed, “Hope. I won’t do it. I can’t do it.” He shook his head to himself. Sherlock was seated in his chair, one leg crossed over the other. He was impeccably dressed and cradling his violin.
The steely gray of the morning had turned subtly darker and colder, even as noon approached. The promise of a heavy snow pressed close as my gut knotted, once again in strange apprehension.
His erection was freed, after a tug of his pants let the length of it pop out, tapping Curt on the nose. Curt grinned fleetingly. The smile dissolved as he smelled Sherlock’s sweat and pre-cum, an earthy aroma coupled with the expensive soaps Sherlock used.
He picked up the pendant with one gloved hand, turning it in the light. The light flashed through the stone. It didn’t look like much, but the quality of light cast from within was rather fetching. It changed the jewel from a dark, green hunk of rock to something exceptional.
“Yes, just about finished. Just getting the last bits and pieces,” he winced inwardly as he realized what he’d unthinkingly said.
John had been unsettled by his flatmate’s random, nocturnal disappearances. He became concerned by it, the frequency of it and the refusal of Sherlock to supply a satisfactory explanation. It had been going on for almost two months now, even alongside cases.
"Where's your coat?" The taller man asked, slow to catch on. Sherlock would have deduced right away that John had lost it, along with his wallet...
It was like a cold bucket of water had been tossed on me, and I let go. I would have stumbled back, had his hands not clamped down on my sides. I could not look into his eyes. I felt my own face go hot. I realized he was trying to get me to meet his gaze.
Curt did not have such reservations, his charming smile twisted a bit with a jaded slant, “Our main thing was heroin. We split over it. Sherlock, um, he had a close call. Mycroft put ‘im up in rehab. He moved out, started working more and more with the police. I finished the album, flew back to the States.”
For the first time since John entered the room Sherlock couldn’t figure what was going through his head, nor whether he was frowning or smiling. But he took no risk of looking.
“You’ve dodged that question, John, because you know that even though you’re so determined to leave Mary in this moment, once the baby’s born your perspective might completely change. Once you hold her in your arms you won’t be bothered to remember me, nor what a person her mother is, not least that she might not be yours.“
This was the living room window that overlooked Baker Street, but right now he couldn't really see through the latest layer of ice that covered everything.
Sherlock once again, seemed quite excited and it sounded like he was skipping down the stairs before running to his room.
This has turned out to be cut up into more chapters than I thought. At least this is a finished story that's been formatted and cut,so I won't leave any readers hanging while life stops the story
Sherlock held a hand to his chest, keeping an unsteady John from lifting and easily looking towards him.
" You don't go up with him" Irene said,with a hand on Kate's arm. "We'll see if he's frozen to death,or fell off trying to get to his man in his state. Lightning will suddenly be something harder to handle for some time as his state progresses."
"We will just pay with this, if we can," Sherlock said, holding the card by the cabbie's shoulder while John stared at him with a stern look.
He just smiled and shook his head, digging through the bag of what was apparently,folded clothes once.
"That really narrows down almost nothing, unless it will be a long night going through public records" Greg quietly told John,who shook his head.
" I admire your precautions and discrepancy" Sherlock said, " I should still get with Lestrade and try to backtrack where an underground operation lab was set up. Maybe there's anything left to arrest this medical worker on" Sherlock said, holding John closer." You are right to suspect a trap,I should call my brother to run an errand for us"
This narrowed the suspect list considerably, to a man who had purchased the parts to make a solar dehydrator of large size,but lived in the upper parts of London. He also owned several small shops in various developing/recovering areas in different countries. He went on about how it was good, and he was helping people find jobs in the worst of places,but it was almost too easy to find him guilty from there.
After finding mostly solid footing, John got the solar battery lantern out, unfolding and tapping it on before tapping Sherlock on the shoulder with the torch he was lending him.
He greeted and said goodbye to Rosie rubbing her eyes and coming down the stairs. Both of their plates and Sherlock's coffee were on the kitchen table,and John had cooked his first. Eating his eggs and working on the second cup of coffee as he made thier breakfast.(He had given the first cup to Sherlock,who had risen early for a post case night. John figured it was the smell of the coffee,which could help the sleep filled eyes and get him stirred before Rosie would be up.)
"Others that have been trafficked! Thier drugged,beaten and trained to fall in line and do as thier told" Sherlock hissed.
He ended up not staying dead,and got up. Blown off and bloody chunks of Sherlock's body could be seen growing back.
"But there's never a body found,not in any of the cases" Lestrade said,"that's why I called you two, the DNA found on each of the scenes traces back to missing persons cases,but there is never a body. The last scene had samples from two different people!"
Rosie was busy climbing a tree. She had fallen from it a few times last year, but had only learned further where not to step and what to watch for. She could not be convinced to stay off,so Sherlock watched and started off by giving her warnings when they went for walks to and in the nearby park.
Lianne looked out over the front dashboard of her cockpit as the chopper hovered, then turned and looked at the scene from the pilot side.
She took a bite,chewed,swallowed, and added "how can you make much with a blog when you're already a doctor 'so to speak'" she said with a smirk.
He wouldn't be here until late tonight, because between the cold season, and staff shortage,he will be over his head at his job.
"Before we had 221B, I had not moved in for long before you showed up,as we had agreed. Mrs. Hudson wanted to help me out, as I had helped her out before. You know this,so " Sherlock gave John a scrunched up look and peered through slit eyes. " What is it? Why are you wearing that look?".
Sherlock hung his coat and scarf up before plopping down on his chair while John made sure the door was locked before putting up his coat and gloves,then turning on the kitchen light and starting some tea.
John opened his eyes and looked up at Sherlock, "Is this one of the islands without a phone signal? If it is, then we can't use GPS to get around."
He studies further down,below the lines of cars to see one of the grounder cars driving up to his door.
He grabbed John's shoulder and turned his head to plant a long kiss that was soon turned heavy before backing away and was getting out of the car.
"It doesn't look or sound like either of you ate much,if anything while you were there." Sherlock said as John took the bowl.
John felt anger begin to bristle. With living through others doing things like that to Sherlock,no wonder many around him assume he's asexual!
"You're doing very well on the footwork and almost working around my bad shoulder" John explained, "almost,or I wouldn't have taken your shirt,but you have learned fast and you need to keep this as a regular practice in case thier armed,or they have taken you someplace*
At least both of them were not always getting onto Rosie for being a lot to handle! Poplock,the skull, and Dada knew better than to tell her that!
The honey was opened, then a small amount was poured directly into Sherlock's cup of tea before a spoon was dug out of the drawer by the sink to stir it with.
"John hasn't seen you since Friday,he can take care of his daughter while you leave with us" Mycroft said,with a false calmness.
This was something that seemed downright mystic. It wasn't just the same actions he had done often before, but back to the fun of testing, learning,experimenting...he was fully himself, right when he had his mind fully immersed in someone else's needs.
It was a florist shop,that sold flower arrangements at the lowest level many of the drifter or flying cars would leval at to shop,but this was still an older part of London.
" Yes I would,you know how I like my coffee" Sherlock said,"we're getting close to something good!" He smiled, looking at a sleepy, yawning John,and started to look and wave towards the kitchen."I've used that heavy metal pot down under the sink to heat water over a fire at times,the glass one on the coffee maker has too many thin areas to be trusted"
John looked at the overhead of ropes that connected to a round crank on his side, right next to the building.
He could hear steps behind,then beside him. He turned and put his arms around John,who was crouched.
"Well dear brother this is a nice interruption, but why are you finally coming to me, now of all times, for help? What do you think I could do for you that others will not?" Mycroft said.
The Sussex estate has been kept pristine,and away from the ever cluttering overgrowth of most places because it has been able to be kept under old rules written by his parents.
"I'm far from through" Sherlock grabbed the piece and let it fall beside him and was on his knees moving closer to John.
How could he feel bad about daydreaming about watching the man who had saved his and other's lives? Raising a daughter with?
Sherlock lifted two of the rods up enough to lift the trashcan,but not enough for the third rod to fall out of place.
He pulled the wrapped up sheet up and over his head,and had the same tight swim shorts of John's he must have pulled from the dryer.
Well, I got the prompt, I drew from a story I wrote a long time ago and lost.(didn't think it would be of interest on AO3, and was unsure about posting it) and yes,what I described is army based and for sale online.
After seeing our boys servive whatever hell thier put through (though,like it shows on the BBC showing,not easily and blindly taken without question at all,which is hellish,but like many relationships,both sides end up with a closer understanding and bond once the smoke clears)
" Well, you don't have to talk to any of them,just like anyone else on the street"John said,then hugged Sherlock and took his bag to the bedroom,while Sherlock sat in his chair.
When John was fully changed and had all of the bags packed, Sherlock soon jogged up the stairs with a full folder.
John lay down and stretched out, burying his head in Sherlock's chest as Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair.
Just think querida! If this one is kept out long enough and trained....I know buyers that will give us much just for a night or two with him! Maybe it's best if we don't tell his brother and work on THAT bid,but just keep him for" he ran a hand along Sherlock's side,and gave an amused look as Sherlock ducked out of an arm around his shoulders.The husband went on, looking at Sherlock with a greedy look in his eyes.
With no mind to the honks and curses received along the way, he jumped from car to car until he jumped on top of a ladder he had propped on the side of the building and climbed down.
"What do you make of this? It's like a Degas gone dark. This flowing part through here? That's spinal fluid. They had to have let it dry before they could use it like this,or it would be runnier" John said, swabbing a sample of the fluid before bagging it and moving on.
John was able to pull the shirt over his head and along his arms without affecting the bandaging he had made in a hurry earlier. It had seemed to hold,and there were no further signs of bleeding.
Sherlock did not like getting into a cot and into an ambulance. He could barely hear,but the siren's and car sounds on the streets HURT.
"What can I get for you?" The waiter said with a smile," you can also tell me what you like,or any allergies you have,and I can make suggestions"
It was owned by a traveler listed under the name Ereni Relda, which Sherlock felt was daring transparency. However on travels, and even on the stop Sherlock and John were given to meet and board when the ship was docked, the right paperwork was available. The yacht however, showed up on no radar, or detection beyond sight.
As he stripped down, leaving his clothes neatly by the bathroom door,he stepped into a shower he had set to cold.
"I was brought here without anyone overlooking this property noticing,if you didn't give up after the first night,and I am not leaving without him coming" Sherlock pointed at John. " With all of this going on down here, I don't want our daughter to wake up scared and alone"
"She fell asleep around 3. Before noon I wrapped up and texted Lestrade details of the case we were given that went into more they didn't think to look into or worry about that solved what was needed!" Sherlock said, rolling his eyes in a hushed whisper "then we went to the park,danced,told stories,had a late dinner and tea party, and I was just working through modes on the violin. Got carried away and she fell asleep. I gave her my coat and let her be. Oh yes, a woman stopped by earlier,she was looking for you" he ended with a smirk.
He walked behind Sherlock's chair and leaned over, lightly blowing in his ear as he nearly dropped his cup.
Of course Lestrade and John were talking with thier backs turned to him. Sherlock seemed to turn his head away and back to talking with those two whenever Anderson looked to check that he wasn't being seen.
John scooted over towards Sherlock, then climbed over him and settled down. Nose buried in Sherlock's chest, mostly stretched out and his feet still did not touch the ground.
"That smells like... even though the overwhelming bile over there, and the blood that must have been placed at 3,4 this morning to not have much sharpness by now and be dried like paint. John!? Do you still have sample swabs left?" Sherlock asked.
"Yeah, and the rest of us that have actual jobs and no following have to drive back home and sleep in our own beds." Donavon said, rolling her eyes as she gave a clipboard of paperwork to Lestrade and looked back as she walked away."I'll be there early to make sure you two give your statements and get back to the rest of my job. While you two can go back to Baker Street after your visit and I don't have to see you again anytime soon"
" They hardly get to know me before thier gone" John said, resting his head into Sherlock's shoulder"they care about the title of Dr,they like the stories I tell them about my life". He leaned back and looked up at Sherlock. " They like the blog,the cases,they LOVE you,but I'm just a means to thier ends now it seems". Leaning back into Sherlock's chest, he quietly mumbled," I don't see it as a competition anymore, I just see it as..... maybe I can settle for one night stands now. They don't want me".
"The co-ordinates to the cliff side hideout were in the texts we recovered in messages between perpetrators. I've known where Mycroft's hiding places were for so long I'm surprised he has not changed more."
Well, since there have been several chapters written alongside TOS, let's throw the boys in a well understood and structured world full of fun oddballs where our cute weirdos would NOT fit in...but they can learn....and it's for a case!
He gathered it all into the washer with the last color free,dye free no allergen detergent pod was being offered as a free sample the Dr's office was leaving out for patients.
I had a long, drawn out storyline to type out, but I've been wanting to show value in saying less,so these came out
"I also texted Lestrade,and believe someone may be trying to smoke us out with the called in gas leak, but who would look us up to drive us out when the weather is like this?"
She stood up and waved at a chair on the other side of the table. She looked so young and thin,he knew he would have to ask and knew women didn't like talking about thier ages.
He placed his left fist over his own heart and started circling his fist counter clockwise as his eyes dampened up.
" I could not if I wanted to"John said sighing, holding Sherlock closer. " I'm back to not knowing what I...how anything works it seems." He smiled and looked at Sherlock."If I knew being with you could be like that? Why have I paid for so many dates...I know what you'll say"John said,with a finger over Sherlock's lips. " I also owe you for tonight and don't even know how you would like me to make it even or if I could."
"I know you don't like weddings,or any large crowds really,but I wanted to show you" John said quietly,leaning into Sherlock.
"I don't know who taught you that,but you're unlicensed to use magic at a crime scene,and you could still be looking at a cover up, made to be found so we will chase after the wrong facts instead of gathering what will help us." Sherlock said.
At first, Sherlock and John were happy not to be hurt in the blast,strange as it seemed. Over time,they noticed they never aged, and any injuries,past or present,healed themselves up.
" One question at a time" Moriarty purred, " I know why he keeps you around! I made this more of a challenge, and you still went right about where he is! Now soon you both will learn to overlook anything I do and leave me to my games. Otherwise,you will find yourself in one".
"First part is up this, it can end at one of my bolt holes, but we'll just go further. Let's go," Sherlock had said a minute ago before looking at John, then going up the ladder.
"I don't worry over silly details about you. You'll learn,and we'll keep sharing times as long as you'll have me." Sherlock curled an arm around John."Don't get too comfortable,and don't try dating again. I will not share you" he said into John's ear.
John turned and looked back with a worn out look before the corners of his mouth started to perk up, despite the worried eyes.
He found a yacht parked,but no one responded when he tried to see if anyone was there. He jumped on board and followed the signal to the mast.
The small light by the bed John had flicked on as he came in the room, but Sherlock had already closed the door and had appeared to be nearly tearing all of his clothes off. Only stopping long enough to deal with an occasional buckle or zipper with stiff fingers wrapped in a bandage on each arm.
Then, Sherlock,then John were back around again. They brought a baby that was loud, and looked at the skull at times.
There was better dining available for the surgeons and high level doctors closer to his office, but this section was empty of nurses,tech staff. The food was,well,it worked well enough.
"That is not your business to know about,or stick your nose in. Now the envelope said we have this room until noon. Go to your own room, or go to your own office if you are done with your work. Stay out of ours. We can have breakfast and drinks brought here so there is no chance of running into any gossipers of yours conveniently wandering about. Goodbye" Sherlock said with a wave before setting a cup under the coffee maker and pressed a button brew another.
