Cas had his whole damn heart; Cas was his home.
“Yeah, well.. least he’s still breathin’.”
"You don't wanna be here either, huh?" Dean says, and some of that muted fury returns to Castiel's features as he glances toward the now-closed door.
"And you will follow my instructions--"
were real. And for the first time Dean
Alienating Dean isn't worth the discomfort or the guilt. Cas can save his check-ins for pit-stops and the like when he won't be inadvertantly ignoring Dean's presence. It's a rare treat afterall, the simple joy of shared company with a non-hunter; someone untainted by the world of monsters and supernatural evils, someone so lively and good-spirited as Dean.
Cas' feet were on auto-pilot as he found himself beside Dean, fingers trailing along the garments that had been bought, prepared, and gifted just for him by the one person in the world whom it meant the most to recieve them from.
moment.
class - but clearly there's been a mistake.
"Dean." And there's so much in just that one word. "Cas has been in love with you for.. well, I don't know how long, exactly. A while, I think. Years."
The guy never ceases to surprise him.
Wise words, for sure, especially coming from a fellow caffeine addict. But sometimes life shoves that reminder right in your face on days you’d really rather not deal with without a little caffeinated help - artful pancakes or no.
you are instead of
Dean's heart might just beat out of his fucking chest because
He's sleeping pretty well, which seems like nothing short of a miracle. Although, miracles are in strange supply these days. There are no dreams, no nightmares, no nothing - and he'll gladly take a dreamless sleep over one edged in Hellfire. Whatever Dean and Bobby did, whatever old or new magic they managed to cobble together for a cure, it seems to be doing the trick.
world, it's that nothing is really impossible. You being here, now, proves that, I think."
It's some kind of irony that Cas is being the sceptical one. Dean shrugs. "I mean, you're good company. Plus, maybe you can clue me in on what else is out there, y'know? Just in case I cross paths with the creature from the black lagoon or something. Give me some pointers."
Sparks spit at the shadows from the brush skirting the platform as the structure engulfed itself—a blaze of green and orange, huffing out thick black smoke. The heat swayed on the winter breeze. Flames licked higher and higher into the starless sky, consuming and reaching beyond their grasp as they waved their goodbye.
“There’s.. word of Lucifer.."
“No kiddin’.” Cue an adorable head tilt, and Dean just can't help himself. “I was just thinkin’ how you're like my very own guardian angel.” There's wonder in Castiel's eyes as he regards him, and maybe he said too much. Still, Dean wouldn't mind gazing into those eyes a little while longer, try to think up a name for their very unique shade of blue - but he
Amber rays of sunrise sneak through the trees and vehicles in the lot, turning the tips of Dean's softly spiked hair golden.
Dean pulled open a draw.
he had offered, damn-near
"I just—" how does he even phrase it? "When Cas was—I mean, before he
Cas has the resident first-aid kit open beside him; has readied silver dishes, now filled with a mess of blood-stained sponges and cleaning alcohol. He has everything he needs to tend to Dean's wounds, and he's taking his sweet time doing it.
But this life ain't about giving. It takes, and it breaks, and sometimes it even dares you to care - more than you wanted to, more than you ever thought possible. It shows you things you want that you
He turned on his side and his arm moved around Cas. He shuffled a little forward, and, to his delight, Cas shuffled a little back. The warmth of a body beside him ensured Cas was there, and alive. He was safe, and the weight of his arm around Cas ensured Dean that he would stay.
“Just.. stay safe out there, alright? And.. come back to me, Cas.”
Shoving those disturbing thoughts aside and redirecting his mind away from the distraction that is Castiel
"But, you were mad—"
Lost in that sunny reverie, it took a moment for Dean to realise he had abandoned his retreat, and was once again wrapped around his Angel—who had himself abandoned the need for space between them, pressing his body fully up against Dean's with one leg wrapped around his hip, thick thigh muscle clamping Dean in place.
He nods, grabbing his water from the bar and sliding her a tired smile. "Yeah. 'Sides, I don't think Kevin would appreciate you cutting off his best customer. I'm a handsome tipper."
. He would tell you of the day you
Cas eyes the map again. "West, I suppose."
Dean follows that voice, lifts his head, finds Cas close: eyes concerned but immensely fond; Dean knows that look, has been intimate with it for years, knows it's born of love and care and the belief that Dean actually deserves those things. "That a 'yes'?" Because he needs to know he didn't pass out and this is just a nightmare about to land the fatal blow to his heart.
He urged Cas back into their cocoon, leg coaxing and hand dragging lazy lines up and down his back.
Cas grew up traversing the country, hunting all over the contiguous United States. He anticipates Dean's questions about monster habitats although his bright-eyed eagerness to learn about them catches Cas off-guard. Over the years he's answered these kinds of questions from civilians from time to time but none of them showed anything close to Dean's enthusiasm. It's the same verve he exudes through every topic of discussion though, so it's likely just a facet of his character.
“..Love and..
“Yeah? So? No harm in making sure they’re not some axe-wielding maniac or money-grubbing douchebag.” Not real examples of Benny’s past trysts but also not totally out-of-the-question. Cruise ship staff travel all over. These fears are totally justifiable. “Remember, uhm..”
It's only now Dean realises that first kiss was rather chaste: no tongue. And yet, for all its intensity, it ranks up there with the best kisses of his life―ones that can't ever be replicated, no matter who they were with.
me, Dean. Always.”
Cas was wrong. This anger has always been inside him and it always will be, no matter what else Cas saw, what Dean wanted so damn bad to believe could be true.
As the glowing portal tears into existence before him he remembers something else Cas said to him, back when Dean was questioning his whole reality. Cas was steadfast and sincere as ever as he held Dean's eye and told him that
No. Clothes stay on.
They stop for gas as much as they do for food - Dean doesn't appreciate Cas pointing out the terrible mileage of something built four decades ago - and always the steady soundtrack of classic rock through the old speakers of the clearly much beloved car. Cas learns it was his father's but any details beyond that are cut off by the need to stop for gas - again - the subject giving way to others. Given that most of Dean's music appears to have been recorded prior to the nineties, Cas wonders if the collection didn't also belong to Dean's father.
The guy hums. “It was a comfort for you," he says, and yeah, actually. "A familiar place in unfamiliar territory.”
be a body on the ground?
"Or I will have no choice but to secure you in a safe location until I have neutralised the threat."
Cas rolls his eyes and types out a reply.
A steady stream of pleasured sounds trickled from his lover, still unconscious to their intimacy. Cas’ hips started working of their own accord, cheeks grinding up and down Dean’s crotch, all the while constricting around his well endowed form.
.." Dean chuckled into his pillow. Their bodies separated, he could now feel the rush of blood to his morning wood. "..Sorry 'bout that," he mumbled through a growing smile. "Human reflex, it's a, uhm.. sleep-thing."
a case. But maybe.. Cas regards him with a narrow stare. "You will observe
For the first time that morning, he caught sight of Cas' eyes: all pastel blues, dreamy-glazed and sparkling. His lips also drew Dean's attention: pink and plush, seeming thicker than usual, somehow—fuller and more kissable than ever. They were parted and his breaths were coming lazy and ragged.
He manages a tight-lipped smile, something enough to satisfy that he understands. "Have we any more news of the missing weapons?"
” Sam starts, thankfully pouring out some liquid lifeforce just as Dean crowds him at the counter, “that he
Like Cas’ shirt.
Cas gulped, wetting his lips as his gaze fell to Dean's.
The morning was grey and damp and the air was still holding onto that last chill of winter. Hot coffee and a hot breakfast would hopefully lessen the grievance of waking, and soften any grumpiness from the others when he returned.
at him and
“You must be rather well traveled.”
They had made their peace. Hard truths were said plain, instead of concealing them in anger and wordless cold shoulders. They still had a fair amount of shit to deal with, as was the norm, but they were on the same page now. They would work through it together.
And though he probably should, he already knows he won't soon forget Dean. His snarky wit and bright smile, green eyes that put the Ohio pastures to shame, and the ridiculous number of pop culture references he makes in a day that Cas mostly doesn't understand. Every little fact of Dean's life, everything Cas has observed about him will linger in his mind for years to come. It's been a long time since he's made a new friend, longer still since he's gotten to know someone outside the hunter network. It's refreshing, but transient. It has to be.
Has he taken after his little brother, somehow? Or is this just what happens when a single guy reaches middle-age―interacting with hot strangers means embarrassing himself and he's just gotta learn to live with that?
Dean's tongue pokes out to test that.
hunt.
Dean's not sure what he would've said but the truth is best kept for Cas' ears anyway. And Sam's right. They have time. They can talk, and hopefully they'll figure things out and where they stand with as little heartache as possible. There's no avoiding it, not now, not after everything. He nods, steeling his resolve. "Yeah. I'm ready."
bed with the intention of bunking on the couch. No biggie. Not that he would get a whole lot of sleep.
But getting all love-sick and mooney-eyed over some chick (or fella)? That's not Benny.
But, no more. Like he said, he's.. fine.
to know
He manages to rouse her but the only thing she knows for sure is that they're in the orchard on the edge of town. She struggles against the ropes binding her wrists above her head. "Fucking apples!"
Dean stalled his motions, one hand on Cas' hip to halt them, the other brushing back hair from his brow as he leaned back.
He can't see anyone as he peers around the corner, but it's dark. Steam from a grated vent rises at the mouth of the alley where a busted streetlamp flickers, but still no one. He leans further out, trying to see passed the dumpster.. and that
They fluctuate between intensified and impaired. Everything from vision and olfactory to balance and pain reception - easy to imagine the affects that has on simple daily tasks.
He takes hold of the bacon carcass and bites off its crispy head, like any good Captain worth his stripes would do. Audrey tilts back in her chair, showing off her milk-toothed smile blacked out by bacon bits, and Dean smiles back. "Roger that," he says, but something occurs to him. "Wait a minute.. what
; leave
he's laughing like the asshole he is as Dean gets accosted by two soggy, oversized pooches. He just steps right on up to the door, cackling like a bitch, and manoeuvres past Dean to scoop Audrey up into his giganto traitor arms.
It picks up a little speed as it passes by the last row of trees separating them. Dean squeezes his eyes shut, urges Emily again to leave him and just go-- save herself--
Reaching to shove Cas’ boxers fully down his legs, feet moving them to bunch around his ankles, Dean hooked a hand under Cas’ knee and hoisted it up to kiss his chest, allowing him complete unfettered access to the hidden glories of that beautiful ass that was, undoubtedly, for him alone to enjoy in such a manner.
—weaving through the dancefloor toward the back of the club.
With another mouthful of crunchy dragon-bacon he makes for the door, swinging it wide without bothering to look through the peephole. He knows who it is. But he doesn’t expect to be bowled over by two great heaps of excitable - and
Dean's thoughts had so consumed him that he didn't notice how he'd removed himself from Cas' hold, from their close proximity. They were laying side by side, now, Dean's eyes distant on the ceiling.
The music is not familiar, despite having listened through much of Dean's collection during his time with the Winchesters. Over the past year Castiel has not regretted safeguarding Dean's chance for peace, his life away from supernatural beings and the chaos and destruction they wrought. Although, he will admit to a certain discernible ache for their foregone time together; on the road within this now-familiar vehicle, or in whatever capacity Dean would have allowed, in any way that he might have needed Castiel's help.
speaking words no one else could possibly recreate. Cas, and
He slips inside and yanks the door shut with a satisfying clunk, the rain now physically separate from him for the first time in hours. It’s nice, and aside from the warm dry air, the first thing he notices is the scent of something both salty and sweet. He takes a moment - and a few unsaturated breaths - to settle into this lovely new environment. The second thing he notices is a set of striking blue eyes as he turns to thank his very own guardian angel.
And it's
Dean's moans stretched into the shadows as he pulled out until his engorged tip was the only part of him left in. Hard as a rock, he gyrated his hips so the head circulated, teasing Cas, coaxing the kinds of sensations that, if left unattended by the sleeping man, would mimic an itch that begged to be scratched, unless he was willing to go
“You've been reading those ninety-nine-cent novels again, haven't you?”
cutting out with the purr of her engine.
And if his little girl is happy then Dean can’t
Emily returns with his slice and-- oh, yeah. Fresh-baked perfection on a plate; pastry flaked just-right, gooey apple filling with just enough give and balanced spices, and of course a generous scoop of quality vanilla ice-cream. You just don't get it this good at a chain restaurant.
With Audrey, food is a tasty medium with which she brings her imagination to life. With others, it’s as simple as good food bringing people together in good company. But he's not gonna lie: there may be a selfish element to it all as well, because being in the company of those he helps make happy in-turn makes
Two different kinds of rock, technically: paired halos of sapphire and emerald encircling a silver band.
Dean shook his head lightly, hands around Cas’ wrists on the pillow, torsos aligning, legs dividing.
There's a few ways he could go about this.
One blink and the nightmare face is gone—so is the guy.
He mourns the loss of his world but he can't bring himself to miss it all that much. Things may be uncertain - which is a novel feeling - but they are no longer confined by Hunter Corp. or indeed the wishes (or rather, the
"Side effects?"
"I'll admit, it's not often I encounter a god. Creatures and malevolent spirits, mostly."
, right? He’s never had a high-mush-threshold, either.”
makes him crack a smile. "It's always a party with
Carefully, he pushes back the quilt, the cool air rushing in has him suppress a shiver as he reaches for his duffel, trying to be quiet. But Dean locked the doors last night, which means he has to lean over Dean's head to unlock the driver-side door so he can exit through his own door--
Cas stretches out as much as he can, but ultimately decides the most comfortable position - and the least likely to leave him with a stiff back tomorrow - is on his side, curled towards the front seat, towards Dean. All in all it's surprisingly comfortable, the cushioned leather of the seats is supportive, the quilt warm and snug around him.
They sip their coffee in unison, sharing in a moment of quiet contemplation as the news sinks in with help from the steady flow of caffeine.
It's not magic. It's not Angelic. It's just
of it?"
They'll part ways soon enough, and that'll be the end of it.
He gestures to the pile of bags at the mouth of the hall; Audrey’s pile, set to go with Sam's lot up to Gran's.
“Uh.. Lydia! Right? She was
It took another moment for him to reconcile a sudden spike of pleasure with Cas’ touch:
he actually
together?”
"Cas, please. Let me help you."
"This is the next step, Dean. We've been gradually reducing your dose, and you've been doing well."
. I did laundry. Found your stuff, went out and bought some more."
They head back out to the orchard in the morning armed with propane and lighters. Emily leads them to the oldest tree in the place, the trunk gnarled and branded with strange symbols. According to Cas the lore - aka. monster research - says this tree is the source of the vanir's power and that without it the vanir will die.
For all his tact in handling witnesses during a case (people who're at their most vulnerable), Sam fucking
be fondness; Cas is fond of Dean, Dean
"—Cas, enough! Alright? You're gettin' some shut-eye, and that's final." If he had to treat Cas like a stubborn child then he damn well would. Dean knew what was best right now even if Cas couldn't see it.
But after a few close calls - aborted attempts due to bad timing; heart-stopping panic at accidental, premature near-reveals - he'd decided to keep it out of harm's way in the safest place he knew.
You should have kicked that selfish clingy tryhard-angel to the curb and let her recruit one of the thousand other winged dicks on-hand. You should have laid your trenchcoat over the chair, slipped into one of Dean’s soft, threadbare tees and climbed into bed with your renewed human beau.
With a resigned sort of sigh, Castiel leans down to shift his pant leg up past his shin.
Without these freakin' hallucinations and the side effects from those meds he'd be holding his own right now. As things are he's got next to no chance.
Cas felt like a burden much of the time, and now he had let show his dislike for the room the brothers were kind enough to offer him. He had been ungrateful, and guilt churned sleepily in his gut.
“Cas, you don't have t—“
-dressed him—in Dean’s
Left hand petting down his thigh, soft clean flannel a welcome sensation (a nice distraction), Dean watches as Cas takes that same hand in his (
His muscles protest movement, body strained and weak as he pushes up from the concrete floor and staggers to the doorway, chest heaving as every expand of his lungs taxes him. He waits there, braced against the frame as he works to steady his breathing and for some strength to return to his legs.
Under the fading stars as dawn approaches, prayer beads held in his hand instead of adorning it, he voices an invocation; murmured between his lips, held close to his heart, sent out into the universe―to every universe―impelled by his soul.
, his arms looping comfortably around your middle, his chin on your shoulder, nose nuzzling your neck, watching over you as you mastered the art of breakfast-cookery.
that couldn't be found anywhere else.
Dean could've let Cas heal him, maybe then let himself be eased into a dreamless sleep to wake the next day well-rested and without a post-brawl headache.
Okay, so the meds totally worked and he's gonna need a long-term refill. Good for his head, not-so-good for his downstairs brain. Maybe he can try a different dosage, or—
“Like I said,” Sam sips his coffee, eyes averting Dean and looking suspiciously..
Castiel's smile is a little sadder this time. Maybe he's retracing the cross-country trail of someone he lost in order to feel closer to them.
Dean only realises he's watching the guy as he leans against the counter and his eyes land on Dean again. "We could share, if you want." Did that just come out of his mouth? He clears his throat, "I mean, it was on the house, so. Not like it's really mine." The words just keep coming. "It's a big piece, big enough for two."
, warm and safe and at least somewhat caring beneath him perk his mood up, warm his heart back up.
"Hey, didn't we pass a turn-off for a rest-stop a few miles back?"
When Dean returns from the restroom a short time later Cas is still seated upright, back against the cushioned leather, quilt unfolded partway over his lap where he's been inspecting the stitchwork in the half-moon light.
He’d made a passing comment—a
—was not something he was likely prepared to deal with.
The raspy voice poured into the air like coffee grounds, perking up Dean’s senses. Half-muffled between them, Dean decided It was now one of his favourite sounds in the entire world, and he smiled into the soft mop of hair before him.
There was no need to wake Cas, just yet. Dean rather enjoyed being one step ahead of him where he could, revelling not only in the pleasured surprise illicited from his boyfriend, but also looking forward to however Cas would repay the favor—how he would take his
face, and he let's it go. Sam's probably not wrong.
him, the day you
sweet spot.
“Which one?”
—it's on the tip of his tongue when the guy steps forward into a faint beam of light and Dean squares up, hoping like hell he can get a few hits in before he goes down. Then he recognises the face and his blood runs cold, skin prickling as a tremor runs down his spine. It's the guy from inside, the one whose face went all Hell-A-Vision on him.
If only Castiel could pray to Dean.
Now, wherever Cas would find himself from this moment on, when his mission or the next battle would take him far from the bunker, far from the presence of the Winchesters, he could at least find comfort in the memory of Dean beside him, around him.
—maybe get on something that'll let him want-and-be-able-to get off? But that's tomorrow's problem. Right now his headache's having a growth spurt, the room's starting to spin at the edges, and he's breaking out in a sweat.
"Pretty good, huh?"
She's crafty, Dean'll give her that. If it weren't for Emily's lie he might not have had any time with Cas, but meeting him was kind of a downer all the same. And now Baby's acting up? Seems like this good day is turning sour on him.
With Castiel sleeping soundly and his brother most likely having
It's just that sometimes his mood can't be righted with something as simple as a day in the shop. Those days just are. He figures he's just gotta do what works for him, whatever helps him through. So long as it's not unhealthy.
Cas never had a piece of his home to carry with him, aside from his family. But with his father gone and Anna far away from him all he has are his memories. He blinks away the moisture trying to gather in the corners of his eyes and turns them skywards through the window, at the (waning?) moon and the stars bright enough to be visible in its presence.
Sam hones his ear: downstairs, outside, in the carport adjoining the north wall of the house, he hears his brother's voice - in recorded form - along with the shift of leather in the Impala's back seat, and the tilt and swim of a liquid in an angular bottle.
Cas has found a pebble by the bank of the creek-bed, one shaped like a guitar pick - an object he didn't know the purpose of when he'd encountered one for the first time in Dean's apartment.
"Thankyou, Dean." He needed to say more, needed to find words of appreciation lest Dean kick him to the curb—
The guy has concern - rather than wariness - written all over his face, which is pretty telling of his character, if you ask Dean. “Uhm―" he clears his throat, "Sorry. Like I was sayin’, uh..” He knows how to form full sentences, he swears he does, it’s just those
It hadn't been a question but Dean had answered it anyway. “I'm fine, Cas.”
But playing dive bars only gets you so much, and since Dean couldn't bare to play in front of bigger crowds he was only ever gonna go so far, talent or no talent. If that A&R rep hadn't wandered into
—they could all take a backseat. Because if this was the last night they would spend together for a while (hopefully not
that to be true. He feels it in his very soul.
He stands aside as Dean opens the trunk with his key, and makes idle mention of how the Impala's impressive trunk would be suitable for hunting, how a coupe would never do and how unless you have a flatbed truck you need a vehicle with enough room to hide a body. And how the black paint would help conceal mud and blood.
That's what keeps going through his head. But Dean seemed lonely and Cas knows the feeling all too well.
Dean's hand traced down the side of Cas' face, thumb edging along his jaw as he tried to comprehend those words.
Dean glares. Sam holds fast, smug and unrepentant. Dean nudges him sharp in the ribs. “
"So, they're animals, but with magical abilities. They can change their appearance and heal and stuff."
Sam's eyes dart to his shoes as he clears nothing from his throat.
Sam suspected the events of the evening would weigh on his mind, and that even if he wanted to, even if he had a bed of his own, Dean’s conscience wouldn’t let him sleep. He’d be glancing over at Cas every five minutes to check he was still breathing, still there.
, and Dean's frown upturns into a smile of his own.
“Maybe,” Sam goes on, “Unless they have other plans for the end of summer.”
him go―
“Sammy, no. C’mon—“
Dean lets his head fall to rest upon Cas. The immediate temptation to snake his arms beneath coat and jacket to eliminate all space between their bodies suddenly seems like the greatest idea since the invention of those oversized trenchcoats, way-back-when. The chill will sneak in there, is all. And that's no good. It's always coldest just before dawn, and dawn is nearing to break soon. Neither of them should be cold.
Cas turns his head, unable to see past the seatback, unable to see much in the shadows, but he imagines Dean's face partially lit by the dim halfmoon, eyes reflecting starlight back towards the heavens.
Dean bit his lip and hummed in Cas’ ear, nose dragging down soft, salty skin. His hand shifted gently around his boyfriend’s softened member and he settled his spent cock against the cushion of his ass.
As he walks further and further away from the Impala the irony doesn't escape him; crashing his car after yesterday. It could've been a lot worse. It wasn't even raining the day Lisa died, no hazards or anything to blame, just one of those things. It happened out of nowhere, could've happened while she was at home with her daughter and Dean, with no warning signs at all. A stroke at thirty-two. They just didn't see it coming.
It didn’t escape Sam’s attention how worried his brother was about their best friend. From acting as a human crutch in the ten steps from carpark to motel room, and again across the few feet of carpet to the bed, to how he insisted Cas let him burn those ragged clothes as he undressed him—and then
; he wasn't done
All the while wearing two blobs of cream at nipple-height either side of his tie (which Dean may or may not have snapped a photo of for posterity - and future blackmail purposes).
Well, in
When Cas didn't answer Dean looked up, snaking the tie through his grasp and searching Cas' face for a visual answer.
play nice.”
Dean smiles, a sense of calm washing through him. Sam is still fully engrossed in the view, a fond look spreading over his features before Dean pinches his thumb and forefinger together to flick one of his glitter boppers.
Dean’s phone buzzes to life in his hand, bringing him back to the present. To this literal dungeon and this doomed fucking world and a God hell-bent on destroying everyone they care about before tossing the rest of 'em in the trash like his broken fucking toys.
Cas’ lips part and there are words ready and loaded, Dean can tell―and he still can't manage to get his own in order, to beat Cas to the talk. Because what if it's not what he wants to hear?
“What d’you say we skip the
. He can feel him near: warm and alive, though not at peace. He has never known what it is to feel Dean at peace in the mortal realm. There was a singular moment - fleeting and seeming so long ago, now - when his Grace touched Dean's soul raw and exposed; it seized his fear, incentivised
Eyes slipping shut, Dean lets go a long, tired sigh, exhaustion settling deep.. He feels at ease. Safe. He feels Cas move in closer; the cold sweep of iodine across his left cheekbone, sour oranges ripe in his nostrils.. cool touch to his right eyebrow.. his hairline.. It does sting, but it seems his body has now reached that level of fatigue where it’s too tired to even flinch.
and not just some whiskey-glazed confusion plaguing his nights in Cas’ absence.
and.. yeah, Sam’s
A broad hand frames the marred side of Dean's face (again), and that familiar warmth returns.
There's movement along the alley. Everything is blurry from almost passing out, from the blood and sweat tainting the scene that swims in his vision, but he can make out what looks like two people goin' at it. Sounds like.. like.. a
"Hey, Cas.." and where the hell does he go from here? Honesty, or a passable lie? Maybe somewhere in between. "I know you think what I did for Sam was the wrong call, and.."
Sam did it for himself.
Now Dean is cackling like the genius that he is, and.. yeah. This is what he needs. More of this. More laughs, more family time.
He'd kinda like some answers, too. Some goddamn direction to point himself in when he hits the road again. And there is a certain someone who might be able to help with that - or, might not. Whatever the case, Dean wouldn't turn his company away. Maybe what he needs right now, more than anything, is a friend.
Cas' arm moved of its own accord, hand suddenly squeezing Dean's bicep. "
"Dude, whatever your capabilities are, I promise you got me beat."
The weight of everything, this cursed fucking reality, is a heavy pull behind his ribs. Anguish burns hot and cold in his veins. There's a yawning chasm opening up where his heart should be, an emptiness as dark and all-consuming as the thing that took Cas. It hurts like entropy, like it's only a matter of time before he's swallowed whole from the inside out.
It's familiar. It's the bearing of home even when the bunker―and, at times, the mortal plane itself―is an entire world away.
Dean still looked to be dreaming: all moony-eyed staring at a sleep-softened Cas, hair mussed and eyes shining that peaceful pastel blue, lips easing up into a smile as his concentration flitted between the Hunter and his barely-touched food.
his brother brought his giant-ass muts along.
"Confession? What did he—" and realisation dawns on Sam, because of-fucking-course it does. "
Dean leaned aside Castiel’s ear, murmuring something which was lost to Sam in the crackle of elm and sizzle of maple.
right away, either. Dean didn't notice it with Lisa until their second date.
. He needed to make sure he had a reason to stay—to
"That's what sacrifice means, dear. Giving up something you love for the greater good."
It's late but sleep eludes him, as it often does when something is weighing on his mind. At the moment it's several somethings. He watches the stars glittering the night sky, noting which constellations are visible this far north this time of year.
"Mornin',
Fifty six minutes later he woke to his alarm vibrating under his pillow. It was after sunrise, though the sky was dull and the light that filtered through the cheap motel curtains was barely enough to see by.
, in some cases). Some of it's actually scarring and best averted (because he has enough scars as it is), but some of it's simply too personal.
- they’re unearthly blue, a very pretty distraction. “My car. I, uh.. hit a ditch, few miles back―”
Would that be bad? No, 'course not. Just so long as Dean still gets to catch up with his friend - who he hasn't seen since his birthday, and that was pretty brief.
And it’s raining.
It’s like this: the Rain God has joined forces with the God of Stolen Luck, or whatever, and they invited the God of Mischief along for the ride. Except there is no ride, because the Rain God and the Stolen-Luck God just made him swerve his Baby into a ditch off the i-39, and now the God of Mischief is probably laughing at his handiwork―’cos a truck just blew passed Dean on the shoulder sending a muddy tidal wave overhead drenching him to the friggin’ bone.
- before rinsing out his mug. “Don’t you think you’re overreacting, just a little? You haven’t even met them. They might be, y’know,
It was kind of adorable.
"Yeah, but.. no meds at all? That could make things worse, right? The hallucinations—"
"Yeah, what's up?"
It was another thing for fantasy to become reality, clouds transmuting to something tangible, physical and warm, and then—for that solid, certain thing to be ripped from Dean’s grasp, for those hands warming his heart to wrench it in twain in their retreat.
in love with Cas?"
After this morning, where Dean displayed some proficiency at taking down an assailant without a weapon, Cas was tempted to ignore all sense and invite Dean along on the case.
No, Dean can’t. And so much for his family not fussing over his love life. But is he really seen as being so damn fragile? That he would crack under the news of someone else’s happiness? Benny being in love is unexpected, sure, but it’s not going to
They brush against Dean's own, sandwich them in a delicate and delicious and wild sensation: hot and cold and light and heavy―
He manages to lift his head to peer down at the mass of damp yellow fur. Lucky's tongue is poking at the breakfast stain above his left pec, trying to lick a hole right through the already threadbare cotton. “Hey.” Big brown eyes peek up at him as he narrows his own in defiance. “I don’t like you.” Unbothered by Dean's words, Lucky carries right on licking.
as he breaches the surface.
He could've allowed Cas to unburden that guilt clearly weighing on him by taking the easy way out―for both of them.
There's one other notable change: his senses.
friend, how about next time you listen to that
But reality shifts again and the asshole turns back into a walking nightmare. It looks pretty goddamn real, always has. Vivid. Just as real-but-not-real as every other hallucination he's had—but hasn't had in months. Now it's a shock to the system. He's frozen in place.
As it is, Dean
There's no hope of beating Chuck now.
Most of the time, to clear out all that accumulated mental gunk, he just needs to work it out. Let his stress drain away as he cleans the oil tank of his beloved Impala - or whatever happens to be in the shop at the time - until his brain actually feels lighter in his skull.
There are half a dozen other vehicles around - campers and 4WDs, a station wagon - and suddenly it clicks that they're going to be sleeping in Dean's car, the very same car Cas has been in all day. It certainly has character - and that's not even Dean's influence talking - but showers aside there's not exactly room to stretch out for sleep, despite the car's large size.
But it's not just the car. It's Dean. Even when Cas was a young boy and sleeping in a different motel every other night there was a familiarity to every place they wound up in. It's in people. Family. For years he shared a room with his sister and his father and their mere presence was enough to put him at ease. These days he's on his own, and allowing himself to bask in the simplicity of another person's company is self-inflicted torture because he knows it won't last.
." There was every need. And now was a time for words, plain and bold. And Dean found the courage to voice them in the warmth of the Angel in his grasp. "I don't wanna take advantage of you, Cas—of what we have. You deserve better than that."
pain can be a good thing, to remind of one’s Humanity.
“No, but it’s there. I’ve got maps like this for every state. Things I noticed that weren’t printed.”
room, Cas. It should be filled with
Dean can empathise. "Well, whaddya say to us bein' partners, then? 'Cos my brother set me up too, and I really don't dance. Plus, no one else brought snacks," Dean jostles the bag for emphasis.
“—You
"You know your astrology."
Freedom.
But now he's seen some shit with his own two eyes that he can't really explain.
They dash through the orchard trying to escape the scarecrow as it increases speed, bounding after them. Cas fires off a few more rounds behind them, somehow keeping pace as they sprint for safety, adrenaline and fear carrying him fast through the rows and rows of old apple trees.
And Cas
The scarecrow growls again, sounding fucking angry now, and Dean agrees with Cas when he tells them to run, because he just unloaded a round into that thing's chest and it's already back on its feet.
“Hell
“Your car is a..
Baby slows to a stop in the vacant lot across the street from the bar,
He filled Cas with fresh love, easing his pace as he coated himself in the evidence, slicking the entirety of Cas' hole.
The sunrise is poking through the trees as he heads back to the Impala, parsing through potential wording when he hears a couple in the midst of an argument. He comes around the back-end of a camper, not knowing exactly what he'll do or say but knowing he can't ignore what may turn out to be a dangerous altercation.
"Makin' a movie." If the thought of Sam piping up with some nerd-alert comment or even freakin'
He usually plays along - he
The clip cuts out―only to cut right back in a half second later as it plays again from the beginning.
“Really?” Sam levels a look at him. “You wanna hear all the lovey-dovey details?”
“And.. If it
Sam loves his brother. And as far as coping mechanisms go, rebuilding something sure beats destroying it. But when he can hear a bolt drop from a hundred yards away it's only been thanks to some ingenious padding and a couple of sleeping pills that he was previously able to drown out the noise of Dean working out his frustrations on the Impala.
Dean was in love, once. Hell, he'd made a living writing about it. But Sam does have an annoying point. Feeling it and writing it aren't the same as having to hear another person gush about it. Even Lisa understood the difference and let him slip away from those loved-up conversations with friends and strangers. Because he can take messy sex-talk, and he can watch the graphic scenes on
"Yeah. Let me pop the trunk."
selves?). Now they've got nothin' to distract 'em while the new Big Boss makes its way through the continents one madcap miracle at a time.
It's not about keeping secrets. It's about respecting privacy. Dean wouldn't want him - or anyone - to know certain things about him, to eavesdrop on his private thoughts, essentially. Because from the aural evidence, Sam knows (or at least, he can make an educated guess) one thing his brother is thinking (or feeling) is that he misses Cas.
trying to keep from falling―because Cas has stilled.
But now that he's off his meds, who knows? Maybe he really is cured, or whatever. One thing's for sure he's noticing those pretty faces again, and his stomach doesn't dip in dread like it used to.
He zooms in on the blast shadow for a moment before lowering his phone with a signal to Cas. "Alright Nimoy, that's a wrap."
Can't fix what Cas broke between 'em just as easy, but any chance at that is gone now, too.
The empty bottle drops into the footwell, recorded voices rambling, a tight fist pressing the warmed case of the phone to his forehead hard enough to leave marks.
Two rocks, actually.
―although there might’ve been a certain ‘look’ he decidedly missed when he tore his eyes away. But he hasn’t been kicked to the curb yet
I said that, I will deny it."
. He's
He keeps an eye out for potential cases as they travel up through Michigan, perusing the local and national papers at gas stations and putting the word out to a few of his contacts within the hunter network that he's passing through the Great Lakes area. After the first time he gets distracted texting with Ingrid and Rachel and tuning out Dean saying something about American-made cars in the mid-twentieth century, he puts his phone away, not wanting to see that look of hurt flash across Dean's face again, see the light dim in his eyes as he turns his full attention back to the road, jaw ticking and face schooled into a mask of indifference.
"It wa—.."
“Alright. So, what’ve you heard so far? What’s this Mystery Lover like?”
Your heart would have swelled with joy at having found your own
Dean pushed in again, filling Cas and reaching uncharted territory with this new angle.
in the
When he does change clothes again, he thinks, when he finds his own true sense of style and comfort, he knows these beads will stay with him; no matter what he wears, no matter where he goes, or who he discovers himself to be.
Of a morning toothpaste is overwhelming, only to have Dean's three-alarm chilli be tasteless by nightfall. Bobby's staircase is a life-or-death hazard at breakfast, but the towers of books that line the halls and walls and interrupt every floorspace are all too-easy to navigate with his eyes closed by sundown. Proximity to the radiator could result in second-degree burns if he's not visually careful, caused by either reduced thermoception or nocioception. And time spent out in the elements can burn him all the same, with summer's UV rays having ten times the impact on his oversensitised skin, not to mention the sun practically blinding him on photophobic days.
to stay, and he couldn’t help the chill from spreading through his veins as he wondered over Cas’ affections: perhaps he didn’t feel as strongly as Dean did about this 'unnamed thing' growing, moving, stalling between them.
However, since he's not okay with bringing Audrey down to his dreary level today, like every year for the past four years Sam and Eileen are on their way over to collect their favorite niece. They'll make the trip up to Forest County today and Dean will follow tomorrow. A day on the open road is another of his preferred coping mechanisms. It's good for resetting his mood. He doesn't get much free time for road trips these days, though.
That thought travelled south against the rush of Dean's heated desire, a cooling undercurrent to the rising temperature of the troublesome thing between his thighs. And it settled in his chest, too, where the warmth that filled every cell of his being began to fade, leaving him feeling uncomfortably numb.
over.
Dean hadn't noticed they'd pulled back onto the road until blurry shapes were coasting by his window, Castiel now focused on driving carefully through the rain as a companionable quiet settled around them. "Thanks, Cas," he mutters, because it seems like the thing to say.
. Audrey is hugging the mountainous bump of Eileen’s belly, and that's a far more agreeable sight.
It's freakin' ridiculous. But sometimes in the middle of do-or-die it's this kinda stupid crap that's necessary just to keep folks sane. It's putting a smile on Dean's dial, anyway.
, exactly, but they're no longer eclipsing the rest of his mind. He can still feel them, nestled in his subconsciousness, but they're dormant. Inactive. A snapshot of a subreality filed away for review (not likely to happen any time soon) but which no longer draw power from his soul or torment his psyche - which is what had happened: fear and pain transmuting into a second power feed, which in turn strengthened the nature of the hallucinations, seizing control of Sam's reality.
and winner’s delight from your game of beer bottle bowling. Sam would have fixed the telescope, with your help, and you would have gazed at the stars for hours wondering of all the worlds beyond Heaven and Earth. Then you would have slid into bed beside Dean in the small hours of the morning, and he would have held you close on instinct.
"Dean?" Cas stopped him as he reached for the light.
A lot of times, when Cas wanted to show Dean something safely tucked away in the curl of his palm, it turned out to be something very different from a rock: a purple flower, an injured bee, a glowing mushroom; a nautilus shell, a piece of antler velvet, a black feather; a couple of aspirin, a lit candle, a mini pie.
Dean meets his eye and smiles, a tired thing that shouldn't have to reassure Cas but it does. "Some monsters are turned, right? And others are just born that way?"
And, okay. It’s not like it matters much since his clothes are already soaked, but a little morale boost couldn’t hurt, what with the marathon-length walk ahead of him in less-than-ideal walking weather. He blames the color; lousy happy yellow too good to be true. It’s a friggin’ con. Makes you think it’ll keep you sunshine-dry when the sky is trying to make you anything but. He'd probably be better off hoisting his jacket over his head to fend off the rain, but it wouldn't exactly be comfortable. If nothing else, the yellow does make him stand out.
Rachel takes her leave, and once he feels her grace reach an adequate distance in the aether, in her absence, he takes flight.
It's Saturday night, Dean. It's party night. Don't make me get you blacklisted."
One hand on Cas, one elsewhere. Both places provide support but only one offers comfort, too.
The inside of the Impala is cool. Not as cold as the night air outside, but enough that Dean wouldn't be comfortable if he were to emerge from the bar this instant and negate to switch on the vehicle's heater even with alcohol warming his veins. Castiel places a hand on the dashboard, and while the engine remains silent, the interior comes alive in light and sound and air-ventilated warmth.
"It was worth it, Cas. Anything to flex my pool skills. Actually made more than I ended up spendin', so.. win-win."
She shakes her head but her eyes are bright and her smile makes Dean smile too, smile at Cas - who tries to hide his in his coffee.
Waisting no time, Dean spread the trickles of juice leaking from his already stiff member. He'd been hard for over an hour after picturing the sensory spectacular that awaited him at home. He would sink deep into his boyfriend, slow and luxurious.
(destiel prompt sideblog)
Dean inhaled steady, slow, deep, his nose buried in the soft tufts of hair before him. A solid, warm expanse of Angel in his arms, safe and near. The last thing Dean felt before sleep, was Cas settling back into his touch.
“But, wasn't the witch
.. yeah, Cas?.." He
move, without talking.
And one glance down has him frozen in place by Dean's green eyes, wide awake and staring up at Cas, a smile playing lazily on his lips.
"He's lucky to have you." Castiel stills, glancing toward the doorway, seeing only earnestness in this Dean's face and soul just as he hears it carry through his voice. "I hope he knows that." With a small wave he disappears into the corridor, leaving Castiel to ponder on that sentiment, wondering whether the distance that his relationship with his Dean has come in all these years is as far as it will ever go.
Maybe he wanted more of Dean—to fight for him to stay.
Dean can see him working through the cons in his head but the pros - whatever they are - must win out because he relents at last, bringing over his two other duffels to place back in Baby's trunk.
"Sorry." He notices a small sharp smile quirk the corner of the guy's mouth. Dean averts his eyes, finds Emily staring at him too, sporting a bemused smile. "What? It's good."
“It seems serious this time.”
. "I—.." But he wasn't given the chance.
when the tone cuts out as abruptly as it had cut in. The room stills. Just that one brief moment of chaos before everything settles and is.. fine, apparently?
saw it too! And you looked at him the same way."
The sentiment sank into his mouth and tasted sweet and true on Dean's tongue. He would be in denial if he said he never noticed Cas staring, or felt the unspoken (sexual) tension between them, brewing over the years. Perhaps it was just fear seeding doubt in Dean’s mind: fear that he wouldn’t be (good) enough for Cas; fear that Cas would leave again (leave him
It's a nice moment. As much as he's seen of the lower forty-eight over the years he's found these types of moments with strangers have been fewer and farther between than he'd like. A handful a year, maybe. And they're fleeting. Life on the road means connecting with people ain't easy, and keeping those connections can prove downright impossible.
"What?"
Jo's in Michael's personal space now, toying with his buttons as she leans against the bar, all flirty smiles and swishes of freshly washed hair—
Okay, so as much as Dean truly despises hearing people gab about their mushy love lives
"Since when does time determine love?" Sam gets a look Dean remembers from when he'd talk about the past, about Jess. Probably not something he wants to bring up right now, seeing as how Eileen's right outside.
Based on 1x11: Scarecrow.
He didn't want Cas to go.
"It'll be over quickly, I promise," says the uncle-- before he's skewered from behind by the scarecrow's scythe.
With Dean’s scowl successfully reversed and his mug now dangerously low, he catches Sam’s attention and nods towards the thermos. Filled up again, he settles back against the counter.
in love with you, or that he is?"
A terrifying wave of dread swells within him, readying to crash down over his hopes and dreams should Cas refuse him. His veins would stop singing, his heart would stop strumming. If that happened, he'd never want to sing again. Never be able to pick up another guitar and
The image lured a warm, happy feeling into Sam’s chest as he drifted swiftly back to sleep.
Cas just
“Benny’s bringing a plus-one
That was
"I've secured a vehicle. We can part ways from here."
Okay, now this guy, this stranger Dean just met, gets it. And he
He's good.
of what happened was Cas’ fault. But he's always been protective like that, always willing to shoulder the blame for things beyond his control, beyond his own doing.
light―Cas is beautiful (
Fiction is entertaining and hot. Real-life wannabe Harlequin stories, on the other hand, not so much. And it's not that they’re cheesy, but that they're bullshit. Those stories from Lisa's friends, or whoever, all shared the same pungent whiff of lies and/or delusion. Want for a fantasy, y'know?
On the inhale, he catches a rain-fresh scent diluted by dusty roads. It permeates the air well enough to rise above the foul medicinal smell, and he feels a smile form without need for a thought, let alone a command.
"Yeah, I'm just—" he waves a hand around, trying and failing to capture what he's feeling.
Seems every time Baby gets beat to hell it's Hell itself that's been the cause: Demons T-boned her with a semi. Demons tossed her about like a leaf in a storm - and Cas may not have done the deed but he sure as hell was complicit in the crime.
Dean blinks. Well, what the hell is he supposed to say to that? “Awesome.”
The color had returned to his cheeks and, Angel or not, Castiel was enjoying his own breakfast, along with the close company of Dean, obviously, who had yet to allow more than a few feet separate them since waking and helping Cas out of bed, across the carpet, and guiding him down into one of the chairs circling the little kitchen table.
“This
He has a system and it works. With Dean and Bobby helping him through each day and with the potion slowly taking that need away as he regains his psychological and physical strength, if things keep advancing as well as they have been, the end is in sight.
Time to grip an Angel tight and raise him from perdition.
? Or something all her own? He's not sure, but he delights in the idea of that crossover probably more than she does. He's usually able to show it better than today, but he still feels that little ray of sunshine caught in his smile regardless.
"Wh—? No!" Dean takes a deep breath, to steady himself, steady his train of thought. "I know Cas is an Angel, okay? I mean, there's the mojo, and the not-sleeping, and he saw the first fish crawl outta the ocean—the whole nine. That's not what's botherin' me." Sam waits patiently. "I know he cares. I just don't know if.."
close are downright bewitching. Dean’s half-convinced the guy really is a supernatural being.
, your true home. And you would have learned what it is to be a happy little spoon.
“I thought he was joking about that.”
It's Castiel's turn to take some pie, and he asks Dean the same question.
Dean was itching all the way home. He needed release. But rather than take it to the shower, he stripped and slipped in behind Cas, shifting closer.
A small town pit-stop opens Dean’s eyes to the existence of the supernatural. Luckily Cas is there to save his bacon.
he doesn't say, but, “Do I gotta be wounded for you to do that again?”
Cas looks down at his lap, hands smoothing over the patchwork squares, a veritable rainbow of colors and patterns.
He kinda wishes he could just skip the whole day; wake up tomorrow morning rested and relaxed, ready to make the eleven hour drive up to Grandma Mildred’s place, uncaring about the weather and with a thermos full of dark-roast a warm presence at his thigh.
Without pretense Dean settles his quilt over himself. It's similar to the one in Cas' lap but even in the minimal light he notices the colors are more faded, more worn with time.
"Of course." Castiel moves to round the counter as the other Dean steps forward to join him.
Dean glances back and finds Cas still eyeing the way they came. The scarecrow is gone but he keeps his shotgun trained on the path. It's their only clear way out but it's probably a trap.
"Yeah, I guess. Makes you wonder if he might not condone what we're doing here, you know?"
me, he.. said some stuff."
Sam smiled, “Right,” and he let it sound in his voice.
sleep. “What kind of brother would I be if I let you drive and risk you falling asleep behind the wheel.”
"Hey—If I got a dick in one hand and a joint in the other? I'm a happy boy. You should try it sometime."
It seems unlikely that Dean's mother was the one who instilled such a reprehensible mindset in her child. From the avoidance of talk about his father, Cas suspects he may be to blame.
Baby's engine is white noise in his ears and it's the backdrop on which the day's events replay on a loop in his mind. Tears prick dried eyes and more bile threatens when he thinks of Cas. His
before tugging the plate back from the edge of the counter.
..Now seems as good a time as any.
in and of themselves for it,
. Towel in his lap, smile lingering, he offers a hand in greeting.
though. He's seriously considering it. He would totally wrestle Sam to the floor - just like his mutant dogs did to him - if it means getting some caffeine in him sooner.
"—What if I'm right?" Sam's brow crinkles at that. "I mean, no offence Sam, but I know him better than you do. What if.. what Cas feels, is.." he trails off, unable to get the words out.
Nightmare Mancini took off too, and Dean’s whole being relaxes into the pavement.
And he never did put much stock in any of those dime-a-dozen old sayings, but maybe there's one Dean can get behind:
him? There's not much a novice can do to help on a case - if it even
"—And I needed a distraction. From those government spooks, from Billie.. Retail therapy. Works wonders." His smile stuttered as he continued on. "And.. this is
First Dean, then Sam, followed by a wayward Angel on the highway to Hell.
: I just found out the Rush song I used was actually used in 1x02: Wendigo! Ha! Anyway it's serving as my new title instead of just 'Suptober21'. I may decide to change it again as the story progresses but I'm quite happy with it atm.
Cas says it was a pagan god of fertility and agriculture. Every year the townsfolk would sacrifice a man and a woman to it in order for Burkittsville to continue to prosper. Usually vacationers, people passing through. Without the sacrifices Cas says the crops will die, the town will suffer just like those in neighbouring counties.
The guy looks at him strangely, head tilted and lips parted like he can't figure out why a perfect stranger would offer to share his pie with some dude he just met who's name he doesn't even know.
Dean’s hand fisted loosely in the covers around Cas’ torso and the Angel's hand found Dean’s bare forearm, resting there, warm flesh on warm flesh, grazing patterns with just enough pressure so as not to tickle.
A weary sigh deepened the lines in Cas' face. "No, it—.. It is a nice room. Thankyou, Dean."
Some folks feel the need to vent their problems to a stranger with a fancy degree and pay for the privilege to do so. For some, it even helps. Well, good for them. But all Dean really needs when his mind is backed up and pressing on his good mood is something to clear out the mess. Family puts a smile on his dial, no question, but nothing clears his head like getting elbows-deep in an engine bay.
Cas jerked in his grasp, cum erupting down over Dean's hand in a creamy volcano.
And Dean didn’t need to be told twice.
Cas hasn't quite figured out yet whether Rachel likes to think she knows more than she actually does or if she just enjoys riling Cas up. Maybe it's both.
A chill froze Dean as he scooped popcorn mindlessly back into the bowl. That was the big question, the one thing that deserved some serious special attention. And then, as soon as he figured out his answer, Cas deserved to know.
Dean'd be lying if he said he didn't wonder what Cas got up to during that year apart. Caught himself before shooting off a prayer more than once. Just to check in, or to brainstorm ways to save Sam. Dean's spirit - already struggling to dry off from the shitstorm of their lives - was dampened to learn that Cas wasn't the one who saved Sam from The Cage. Cas
, for you—? As an Angel, I mean.."
It shouldn't matter—he didn't fall hard and he could use this moment to lower the guy's defences, but fear grips him. His heart's trying to beat out of his chest and his lungs ache—he almost can't breathe at all—and his muscles seize up.
"G'night, star maiden," Dean mumbles.
He does though―slowly―and finds Cas looking down at him, regarding him with something like fondness―
"We could head north, see the Great Lakes. Grand Rapids. Or Bay City - I'm partial to Lake Huron." They could then continue north, take the 75 north to Lake Superior and head west through northern Wisconsin into Minnesota, steering well clear of Pontiac.
. And (again) there's no need for thought.
"Yeah, I uhh..
come scream at me on tumblr if you like:
Someone stands—
He tries focusing his thoughts on the positive: dry clothes after a hot shower, a home-cooked meal, a big comfy bed. Anticipation for family time aside, all he wants to do is sleep for a day. And maybe get a massage. Not even an hour of this shit and his legs are already aching. Sam would blame his love for bacon and his affinity for following every other meal with pie. Also, the natural wonder of his bowlegs not being made for hiking, apparently. But Sam would be
"You seem nervous."
"I.. don't understand that reference."
, Dean muses idly,
That a question? With a voice garbled in hellfire it's hard to tell. But hallucination or not this guy still hurt someone an—and now he's coming at Dean.
, but Dean beat him to it (apparently it was the four spoons of sugar in his coffee that cemented it - sugar which turned out to be salt; not that he could taste either one at the time).
He resists the temptation to push his face into the towel and inhale deeply―but only just.
, knew best.
, with
He settled into his pillow, drinking in the sleep-scent of Cas, nose nestled in his hair as his mind unwantingly drifted back to their fight before the case—before the murdered Angels and that douchebag Ishim.
His Angel was doing much better, and the tables had once again turned on who was looking after who.
He was also glad he had the chance to show Cas how much he cared, in return. Because Cas was prepared to shoulder the burden of cosmic consequences alone, and even though that wasn't the reality, it was what he was prepared to do in order to save them.
“What d’you mean?” That's really all he can manage, right now. It’s not like Sam’s words are making any more sense than before and Dean’s brain requires coffee to filter through the subtext.
A confused head tilt, and then, "You.. have never danced before?"
His mind skipped ahead to later: in the bunker, sharing beers with his brother and his Angel, being with his
Gods aside, his prospects aren't great. With this unseasonal weather bucketing down it's no wonder the roads are empty. That truck was the only other vehicle he'd seen in over an hour, so he can't help himself - or his Baby - if he doesn't get a move on.
was the one left out in the elements, especially with that dark stubble and wild hair and―
starts up as they pull out onto the highway, heading west together.
. And even more awesome is how that one word coaxes a slightly bigger smile from Mr. Angel Mythos, plus some lovely eye-crinkles, plus―is that a faint tinge of red on his cheeks or has Dean reached the delusional of hunger? There’s no way this guy is an axe-wielding psychopath. He’s too cute.
thing, and a
, Cas,” he breathed, fighting the gravity between them. “Take care of yourself. For both our sakes.”
“You all packed up?”
Dean knows that voice. He looks up at Cas' face in the half moonlight. "My hero." It gets him a smile so he calls that win.
Cas quirked his head at that. The shirt pulled taught from his fingertips clutching the hem. The upside-down symbology of Dean's favourite band stretched out beneath him.
And with a smirk and a roll of his hips, Dean sank into a deep kiss, the first of many deep kisses and deeper things, fully committed to educating Cas, indulging one kind of ‘chill’ and using it to displace another.
It wasn't a question. Cas rolled back into his gravity but Dean sat up, popcorn spilling between them atop the sheets.
, yet.
The reflex of Cas' orgasm tightened around Dean's cock and his balls hitched up, forcing everything he had up his swollen length with dizzying heat and a succession of manic moans, loud enough to wake the neighbours.
"You're an Angel."
After a few comfortable minutes of companionable silence, Dean murmurs from the front seat.
Cas is
The flannel was thick and soft and hugged his skin in the cool night air. As he pulled on the tee his eyes drew downward, noting the imagery on the front. The sleeves reached his elbows and the torso hung loose enough to curl up in. And it was all so familiar.
Easy question.
"I'm going to a sleepover," Jo says, a little too much pep to her as she turns away from Michael, bumping Dean's shoulder where he's hunched at the bar.
With a gentle nod and a final kiss to Cas' temple, Dean relinquished his hold, and Cas piled into his truck and drove away from the bunker, from his home, from Dean.
Cas flicks his eyes back down, finds Dean looking at him expectantly, face still lined with sleep, hair mussed, lips stretched in that easy smile. Altogether too distracting. Cas clears his throat, hefting his duffel onto the seat beside him. "Sounds like a plan."
Castiel's smile grows and comes to settle into a smirk. "Hold on tight."
Something stirs in Dean, and it's not dread.
Keyword being
Sam felt an odd, wonderful, rare little peace that grew to settle in the air like a fresh new atmosphere. The coming of Spring and the promise of new life, of rebirth and many beautiful things.
As interrogations go, it's not the first thing Dean'd ask if he got the chance. And if things were different, if things weren't so screwed to hell and they had another shot, maybe he'd extend that invite again, set aside a few days to educate a millenia-old celestial being on the genius of one Gene Roddenberry.
Dean does the slightly less crappy thing and holds the door open just enough to let his voice carry, doing his best to block the rain from fighting past him into the car. “Hey, there. My car―”
“Oh, hey―get this.”
Yeah. It would suit him.
The guy nods, leaving Dean to wipe the rain off his face and pat-dry his hair as much as possible. And Dean can’t help but smile, because that delicious mystery scent seems to be woven into the very fibres:
to." There's really no more to it than that. Except maybe just, "I could really use a friend, right about now." Reckless little brother, uncle who lied to him for a year; seems he can't really go wrong seeking the advice of his Angelic best friend, right? Even if he has been out of sorts since their little reunion. Better than the alternatives at least, even if there is a year of space between them now.
"Yeah, same here. My car stalled on the way out of town. Someone jumped me from behind."
Then again, neither did they. That was good, though. They were better as friends.
Cas fidgeted against Dean's hold; wanting to close the distance. His eyes flitted up to Dean's and back down to his lips, which Dean was now sucking in every few seconds because the morning chill had completely evaporated and maybe the bunker's heating had finally kicked in.
else his courage would fade—soon enough
And now he’s staring, transfixed.
, in the way Cas
And he’s tired.
Tonight, Cas had prepped himself so Dean didn’t have to worry about working him open. Cas was
Dean urged him through the doorway, hand at the small of Cas' back, closing the door with his boot behind them to dissuade any worry of Cas escaping back into the hall.
, Sam."
"..Huh?"
) of their father. Here, they can live however they choose, and in meeting this world's Winchester brothers, in hearing their story, in learning about their world, he knows the possibilities outside of hunting are plentiful.
Their bodies were flush. Dean's head told him that his arms wrapped around Cas to hold him steady. But his heart beat a different story, drumming bold and bathed in internal sunlight as his Angel embraced him.
The guy cuts a segment a little smaller than Dean's and adds some ice-cream to his fork. Maybe he shouldn't watch, maybe that makes it weird, but he can't help if he wants to know the guy's reaction to some of the best pie Dean's ever had.
"This some fucked up cannibalistic shit? Huh!" Dean yells, just about done with the boonies.
"From ceasing the medication altogether. Over the next two to three weeks you may experience headaches and dizziness, insomnia and increased thirst. There's also the possibility of diarrhoea. Oh, and you may be lethargic throughout the day," he adds, tapping his notes.
"I was leaving work, and then.. I don't know. I know my head hurts."
Dean hated himself for thinking it, but it seemed the more
Now there's a distracting and somewhat depressing train of thought. Apocalyptic times can't tear them apart, not for good, and even death is nothing new. It would be a painful joke of cosmic proportions if the thing that actually ruins their friendship is love.
Cas has stopped firing and so have the growls. Maybe he killed it. Wait..
“Again, it’s not just, ‘some chick’.”
, Dean.” His words are as warm as his body; they feel like a lullaby. “You helped me want to be better.”
"I like cream and sugar."
There are other people milling about the rest-stop even at this early hour, and there are a few more vehicles than were parked last night. Which means Cas has to wait his turn for the bathroom.
He sips his water and leans back against the cool brick exterior of the building. The night air is crisp and helps numb his headache. And it's not exactly fresh but the breeze is welcome relief against his heated skin. There's graffiti all around him, every inch of the alley painted over and made into something new. The glow from a streetlamp reaches far enough down to illuminate parts of the wall in front of him. There's a mural of a forest with a crater in the middle, trees knocked down around it. In the centre of the crater is a single white flower reaching up to the sky, petals like a star.
; a fervid force rocked into him, sparking Dean’s want for friction, a current of
Maybe this is what he'll do now. Not just today, or next week, but for the foreseeable future (however not-so-far-off that shifty horizon may be).
? "What d'you mean
, Castiel.. would have been the
Cas quirked a brow, missing the connect from
palm, one of these days - and the sooner the better, because even though he's no rock collector himself he does have one currently sitting heavy in the hidden compartment of Baby's trunk.
He's fine.
"Don't suppose you want some company?" That snaps Cas' attention back to him. "I could give you a ride. Until you find your next monster mash situation."
Dean ran a hand through Cas’ hair, smooshed his lips against his temple, and whispered a promise only for his ears.
”I..” Cas contemplated for a moment, coming to a firm resolve. "I shall leave—in the morning."
Or, whatever. Any excuse to get Castiel - badass Angel of the Lord - looking
He looks up to see Castiel looking at him like he knows exactly what that means. "Yeah."
As dawn neared and their physical explorations tapered off, Dean pulled Cas in close, a full-body cuddle urging him to catch a couple hours naptime before the drive ahead.
clothing—folded and waiting on the end of the bed.
"—May not return. You haven't had any in almost two months and you've shown no signs of an ongoing condition. The medication seems to have done its job. This happens sometimes."
“..Uh, hi.”
, Dean.”
Cas that he was his—
- from two hallways down and away through the sound-proofed door of his room. Those are definitely Dean's Timberlands on the linoleum downstairs, except.. it doesn't hurt to hear it, which is new and intriguing and raising questions his tired body doesn't want to ask right now. He continues laying still, listening instead.
Trying to balance the sharing of information, Cas offers up details of his own life. Dean knows he's a hunter so that makes it easier, but he still waters down the truth nonetheless: his mother was killed by a demon which changed the course of his family's future; his father raised his sister and himself to be hunters.
"Dean. This is pointless. I'm not tired." And yet his eyes were hanging from his head, and the entire walk from the garage Cas had leaned his weight into Dean. "I can do research in the librar—"
Times have certainly changed. He’s a father now, afterall, a single parent with a townhouse and a steady job. But some of those notes from his former life are still relevant. Like the red circles of seemingly nothing but farmland or empty lots that actually signify a pump n’ go - and, more importantly, a phone. There’s one that about matches the ‘something’ on the sign he glimpsed not too far back, which means he’s got about ten miles ahead of him.
(otherwise known as the death rattle of the percolator) and you need a little help finding joy before 8am.
Sure, they lost someone. But they also saved someone—or, he
, with the
The statement brings his attention back into focus. "Yes."
He would have showed you how to wash the Impala with care and taught you the
He'd had his doubts about finding someone who'd want him that way, want more than a fling with a guy like him. For a long time he was just somebody's one night stand; strangers who noticed his pretty face and decent voice - and who didn't balk at a backseat big enough for two. Living outta your car didn't exactly scream 'stable future', so he started to accept maybe that other life just wasn't his to have. He could still dream about it, though. Write about it. Sing about it.
Dean turns, hooking his arm over the back of his seat. His smile is soft and shy. "Yeah, I uh. I made it."
Dean knew from that moment alone that Eileen would be a good match for Sam. She seemed to find the whole thing endearing, wasn’t angry or upset. Instead of telling him off with both hands and voice, she joined Sam on the floor with a fresh handful of napkins, paying no mind to the spilled milk soaking through her pantihose.
—’cos frankly, that’s a helluva thing, but.. how the hell do you know about it and I don’t? Why didn't he tell me?”
He's made a few suggestions about which roads to take to avoid congestion, which towns nearby have diners he's stopped at more than once, but for the first time since they left Burkittsville that morning Cas speaks up in order to avoid a place, and he keeps Dean in the dark about it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hold up,” he better not mean what Dean thinks he means. “‘They’, as in, Mystery Lover? Or ‘they’ as in
“C’mon, Sam! He might need it—they could be a friggin’ fruitcake!”
They watch the woman disappear back around the camper, headed to the front of the lot.
"Tell ya what. When all this is over we're gonna have ourselves a little
"Baby steps?"
smile - as he dips the charred tail of his deceased dragon into the sticky golden syrup pooling around one of the crash-landed spaceship pancakes.
He just wants to stand under the spray of a reasonably hot shower for long enough to soothe his muscles and clear his head. Dean has it worse, arms and legs extended for driving is different than being a passenger, though he hasn't complained once. Cas would never complain himself, but knowing they may not find a place to stop for the night soon chips away at his ability to hide his discomfort. He's only human, afterall.
He tries to turn on the pleading puppy-eyes, but he’s never mastered the secret of it like Sam has. Guy's got a whole arsenal of faces Dean wish he had.
, of all things, in Dean's voice; to be claimed, in a way. Not like ownership, but familiarity; intimacy. He's almost unwilling to let their conversation progress until this Dean clarifies what he meant.
Dean soaks up a puddle of syrup with a forkful of pancake. Cas waits until his mouth is full to say, "I found a case. I have to go."
"Cas?.. What is it?.."
Dean lives with his memories from the pit every day. Avoids 'em, as much as it's possible to do so without some magical mind-block, but he's changed forever because of 'em. And Sam might not've been the one dealing out damnation but if time works in a similar way down there then he was Lucifer's chew toy for over a century. If that doesn't shake anyone to their foundations just to
during the summer after senior year. Good times, bad times, unforgettable first times. But
Dean chooses the low road.
*  *  *
No wonder they were both staring at him, if he sounded anything like
So caught up in his spiralling thoughts Dean doesn't realise his gaze has slid from his boyfriend above to the mud below - surrounding him, soaking into his jeans, filthy, cold and isolating. He doesn't even notice that air is hard to come by.. until a hand is placed over his racing heart, moving in tandem with the quick rise and fall of his chest.
Cas was fucking him while he slept, his unconscious mind being directed by his deep desire for
It was one damn thing after another: Cas steered clear of Dean, chose the darkest path to wander down. A sheep heading for slaughter thinkin' it's freedom. Dean could've helped steer him straight.
'The boonies', she'd called it. Some other places around these parts sure qualify, but this place? It might be sorta out of the way, only pass through if you happen to take a wrong turn or, like Dean, are taking the scenic route and figure you might as well fill the tank - both Baby and his own. But Burkittsville is downright idyllic. The kind of town you see on postcards capturing the picturesque atmosphere of a hidden gem in the mid-atlantic. All lush, green farmland and colonial houses, and locals so friendly they offer free pie to out-of-towners. They got their own little apple orchard which means their apple pie probably tastes good enough to die for.
Cas smiled. "But, how did you know—"
“Yeah, no kidding.”
), lifting it to the lamplight to inspect the damage.
"Then west it is. C'mon," Dean grabs one of Cas' duffles and pops Baby's trunk to place it in. He looks back to find Cas hasn't moved.
“Dean.”
. And doesn't that just churn Dean's insides like two currents warring against each other: to be someone's burden; to be deserving of such care. Because he's not blind to it, he sees Cas treat him differently from Sam. Dare he say..
"Comfy top—" Dean let the old tee unfurl in one hand, "and comfy bottom—" he let the pair of flannel pyjama bottoms unfurl in the other, both pieces of sleepwear hanging in display.
"Not yet."
"So I see."
It looks kinda familiar, but generic. Not that he knows anything about flowers, but their house back in Lawrence had a garden and his mom had a green thumb—or tried to, from what he remembers. Maybe she planted something like it. He used to play outside when she watered the flowerbeds, run his hands through the sprinkles from the watering-can. Long time ago now, but it's a good memory and it helps calm him a little more.
Dean grabs hold for balance, for stability, as another hand comes to steady him by the shoulder.
Suddenly, Dean has a second reason to wanna dance with this guy - and he can safely say that's never happened before; he's never gotten past the:
He could tell Cas was upset, no doubt feeling rejected, as if he had done something wrong, or that Dean had suddenly realised he was disgusted with him, not aroused.
Audrey’s giggles dance through the air to join his own. How can he not giggle at the sight over his shoulder: Sam chasing after him with glitter-boppers bouncing wackily about his ridiculous L'Oréal mane; Dean's little ray of sunshine cheering him on; two excitable, oversized pooches hopping about with happy tails and barks of encouragement.
Dean nodded, his adam's apple bobbing in his throat. "Yeah, well.. You need it more than I do."
The very special, very powerful, utterly distracting, all-consuming, heart-felt, soul-deep thing. The thing that had prompted Castiel to speak certain weighty words back in that barn with his dying breath. The thing which, now, had Dean lying awake in the dark staring intermittently over at his sleeping Angel.
, is he really gonna mess his jeans, too?
But Dean's not a total ass. He'd rather go Dutch than get a free meal, which is why his other hand is back to bracing the table's edge.
"No, It's an..
Dean's eyes flick from Cas up to where his hand hovers over the door lock, and it's as if a spell is broken; Cas breathes in, looks away through his window and pulls his arm back. Dean lifts an arm above his head and unlocks the door without looking. "What d'you say to an early breakfast?"
“Yeah..”
Dean is gone.
"So." Dean busies himself with scooping up more pie, eyes down. "What brings you out to these parts?"
A heart which is right now beating out a rhythm that sounds exactly like:
"So, not
That's a cheesy pick-up line for a dimly lit bar, not the passenger seat of a good samaritan's car. Honing in on the angel-thing when the guy said a bunch of other cool stuff reeks of desperation―and Dean is anything but. He may have a tendency to flirt with people now and then, but that's just part of his natural charm. He never intends for it to go further than harmless banter, and besides: it's been a while since he's gotten back on that particular horse, and why his subconscious thinks now is a good time he's got no idea.
And again.
Well, that might be stretching it. Sam's
it's too soon―it wasn't done
Perhaps it's Cas' hunter mentality but for as long as he's known about the existence of the supernatural, the existence of monsters, of evil incarnate, the idea of a better life has never held much sway. Not in his reality.
Emily returns with his coffee and the guy asks her for a fork, which. Okay then.
With his hand raised he moves towards the portal and braces for some kind of inter-dimensional shift, but he's not scared. This is the right thing to do, for both of them.
"Yeah, maybe," Sam chuckles. "Don't worry. It's gonna work."
First it was only an hour or so, here and there, staggered and tiring in its own right. Now it's six hours at least, every night like normal. Or some familiar concept of normal. Then again, maybe everything they consider 'normal' is due for re-evaluation, for
But tonight, Cas had changed things up. So Dean decided to do the same.
, and then start piling it high with all that rabbit food you love so much.” Dean spies the quarter-strength bitchface directed his way before eyeing the dog again. “And then you might add some delicious, tangy dressing - which would obviously hide the flavour of..”
Cas was asleep when Dean entered their room. Breathing soundly, half-cocooned in pale sheets which nicely contrasted his bronze torso.
“You come back soon, y’hear?.. Or I
Castiel’s truck had been left behind, Dean promising to get it back to Kansas, somehow, else abandon it and find him some new wheels since the thing refused to start in the morning cold.
, Dean had called it: some much needed shut-eye at the motor inn before attempting the long road back to Lebanon.
"Caution is key to survival," Cas tells him. "Not all monsters do monstrous things but most of them are not only capable, it's inevitable that they will kill. It's in their nature."
Dean had lowered his hand from the blood sigil, prepared to face off against Ishim, alone—beaten and bloody, not knowing if he would survive a front-on Angel assault—rather than risk losing Cas.
But he can't do that.
Kinda like him and Cas.
But maybe he still needs to make that undeniably clear; he hasn't quite said it, but he doesn't want to jumble the meaning with speech. Words can wait. Dean's more a man of action, anyway, and now feels like the time to follow through with some moves of his own.
But.. what if he doesn't get what he wants?
Aaron's voice cuts through his stare-fest and Dean jerks to meet his eye. "Nah, man. I'm good." He can feel a headache pushing behind his eyes and his skin's starting to heat up uncomfortably. He wore his own leather jacket, which wasn't the smartest clothing choice for a place like this. The whole night was probably a dumb idea 'cause now that he's drug-free he's gotta worry about those damn side effects.
They hit the open road and Cas learns a thing or two about Dean.
"I'm starving," Dean says, and Cas is quick to avert his eyes away. "Pancakes?"
“Wh—? NO.”
Dean lures Cas’ back within kissing reach, urging him forward with a small tug on his tie.
But finding out Cas needed
“I mean, uh―she’s not just a car, y’know? She was kinda my first home, actually.”
-ing through the air before screeching to a halt above the enemy. Where she gets her energy from before the sun is barely up is beyond him, and a quality of youth he truly envies even on his best day.
"She helped me use the Singer, obviously, and encouraged me to choose the fabric I wanted. I like flannel. It's soft, but it has texture, y'know?"
Another welcome distraction.
It was funny in that cruel sort of way,
cared for him.. Did he then trust Cas not to break his heart?
over a friend -
Life is good.
if he tried that shit in his Baby. He tried it once, in fact. Although, technically it was his dogs who were the muddy ones, but dogs don’t know any better (and no one is more surprised to hear Dean admit that he
, somehow. It's not the time for it even though he needs the distraction. The sky hangs low with storm clouds stretching to the horizon, but no rain falls. He drives faster.
"What?"
old Angel.
He's half-beneath the covers when he decides it might be best to put the earplugs in now; they'll save him from a potentially unpleasant wake-up call in the middle of the night, from any number of worldly noises—when a high-pitch tone deafens him out of nowhere, ears popping with the sound, room spinning.
“Th—.. why would h—?.. Are you—?” How does Sam not
Change had come, and it was strong, and real, and good. They deserved this. And if the world depended on them, and if happiness was akin to some mighty strength, then that was just a bonus.
And the driver must be the trusting sort, because before he can even bend down to signal something through the window the passenger door pops open.
It was only then that he noticed the Angel staring: wide eyes framed in exhaustion, but definitely staring—
And he's feeling it, right now: outside the rain pours down, but inside is bright and warm.
He's adrift. Lost. Alone. Surely close to drowning.
"Are you crazy? Why?"
For one friend, in particular.
He didn't tell Dean he could hear every sound as if it were right outside his door, for obvious reasons. With everything that happened with Cas, everything that's still happening, the last thing Dean needs is to turn to the bottle or the nearest bar. That's the last thing Sam wants for his brother.
And you could offer to heal his wounds, but he would tell you that a
"Yeah, I kinda picked up on that."
"There I am."
Dean feels his own face pull into a frown―justified, because he's confused, maybe a little annoyed; he missed the joke. It is
“My little girl―Audrey―she
Dean eyes the thermos, brow furrowing as he waits not-so-patiently for his brother to get a damned move on. He’d reach for it himself if Sam didn’t have his hand wrapped around it; trying would no doubt trigger his Little Brother mode and see that coffee hoisted high above his head where regular-heighted humans like Dean can't reach.
He padded over to the armchair adjacent to his brother, who was now pointedly staring at the ceiling, the wall, the loose thread on his sleeve..
"Dean." Cas retrieves his duffel from the ground and hastily joins them by the front of the camper. "Are you alright?"
He gave a soft chuckle. “I’m neither blind nor deaf, Dean. ‘Course I noticed.”
Unless..
The distinct impact of water droplets on porcelain fades along with the rubber soles of Bobby's well-worn slippers against the floorboards down the hall.
There's not much along this stretch of road cutting inland, either. The plan was to find a motel near Huron Beach and wake up with a stunning view from the shoreline, but it's not so easily done in the dark with a giant map and tiny font and neither of them being familiar with the area. Cas' memories are in daylight hours, and though he does manage to direct them to a motel tucked away behind a treeline, their neon sign reads 'No Vacancy'.
Cas had already explained what happened here, sure. But it can't hurt to have a little Angel A-bomb-aftermath on tape for the future. Never know when this sorta thing might come in handy. Best to keep it under the radar, too, just in case Raphael's got eyes nearby.
They're just two guys on the road, paths crossing for long enough to share a slice of pie.
Dean says nothing and Cas inwardly chastises himself, desperately searching for a way to distract Dean from everything he just said.
His memories from Hell aren't..
"Uh.. about seven."
of theirs twisted into something ugly and unfamiliar, something changed by the physical distance between them, and by the distance created by unspoken words.
The nature of their embrace was no doubt noticed from the outside; Sam could see, and Dean was sure he knew what it meant to him.
But not before dabbing a warm, damp washcloth over Castiel’s grimy skin, his temple and shoulders and stomach—those previously cracked and blackened abdominal muscles, which were presently taught, a healthy bronze hue, and void of any telltale scarring.
―or it would have, if he'd had the energy for it. But he didn't want it then and he wants it even less now.
Wally had agreed to help in order to learn, rather than just cut tail and run. And for that, he was brave.
, Cas.” He pressed a smiling kiss to the Angel's lips. "But you make your own choices." Another kiss. "You gotta do what you gotta do." And one more, lingering and sweet. "I'm proud of you." Cas smiled back, timid and sad, but seemingly grateful for Dean's words.
They’d finished yesterday and having enough clothes and supplies packed for two weeks away was half the reason he was suffering through a caffeine-less morning: his backup supply of instant is currently three boxes deep in Baby's trunk.
“You’re doing great sweetie!” Eileen calls to her hubby, and thank God her phone is raised to capture every second for the digital records.
him not to do it that way—but everything was happening so fast, and there was a decade's worth of doubt stopping Cas' words—those three huge words—from sinking in. Even after, as everything finally hit him and he curled up on the dungeon floor and cried his freakin' eyes out, even then, even
Instead of being lured away because you are 'needed' in the worst of ways - because you are
They stood at the threshold of Cas' room—one barely lived-in and lacking all nuance of personal touch—and Cas reared back slightly.
Dean wakes up tied to a tree. His head fucking hurts and it's night time now, and he doesn't know if it's a relief or ten times scarier to find he's not alone. Emily's tied to the tree next to him.
When all seemed to be unsaid and done, the three of them trading glances and knowing smiles, Sam took the reigns of driver, keys in hand, as Dean ushered them out the door, chasing after his brother.
up close. He just needs to breathe, but he's only wheezing through the blood, lungs constricting without mercy.
―it might look like the imprint of a face―like the face of someone who decided to wipe themselves clean on the nearest absorbable surface.
"Hey—" He called to Cas, who turned with one hand still caressing his new wardrobe. "Pants too, 'cmon."
, he thought. And even though it wasn’t memory foam, Dean had to admit it was damn comfy. The ache eased out of his bones as his muscles melted into the lure of sleep. He might well beat Cas to
“You’re the
Now, with Cas' hand still spread over the pocket of his jacket where the phantom ring bears a lifelong promise, Dean knows he's in good hands, for better or worse, through good times and bad.
Dean beats him to it.
Cas, another kind of life-changing moment begins to rise up inside him - only this one's a dark contrast to the one he's trying to share with one Castiel Novak.
No such luck. And past experience has taught him he's bound to wake up feeling just as worn out as he is right now, no matter how many hours of sack-time he manages to score with his beloved memory foam. Emotional exhaustion, Sam calls it.
Castiel raises an eyebrow.
"Then..
“One piece,” he repeated, feeling his eyes moisten in the pale Autumn sun, mouth twitching with a sad smile against Dean's neck. “Alright.”
But Cas doesn't speak.
of it could be traced back to his wilted grace.
Dawn is just beginning to brighten the sky when Cas wakes.
The headphones Dean had questioned the necessity of, what with the earplugs and Sam's regular old earbuds, but Sam insisted - not citing the full truth as to
The gift of clothes were a kind gesture, helping Cas to feel less out of place in a space that had been reserved just for him, but which had so far failed to feel familiar (in a good way).
All with expedited shipping.
"--But, you got a job to do. Yeah, I get it." Dean sets his fork down. "Look. I'm free as a bird, Cas. All I'm doing right now is a whole lotta nothing that can't wait a while. I don't exactly have anything tying me down. I can drive you."
This was all new. But it didn't feel weird.
"Dean?"
Laying the cherry-red-and-black plaid button-down on the bedspread, along with the dark crew-neck cotton shirt folded neatly, and the hip-riding jeans that do everything to flatter their respective bowleggedness, boots tucked in at the foot of the modest frame, he wonders if this world's Dean might allow him to keep one such outfit for himself. He's not certain if it's entirely his style, but he honestly doesn't know what his style
"Cas is my best friend, but he's literally older than the world."
In the pouring rain.
"Serafina did."
Cas nods gravely. "Something changes inside them. The body, the mind, perhaps the soul, altered by physiological chemistry and innate magic. Their self, their human essence, is overwhelmed. Forever changed."
"Just in time, Captain—the winged beasts have taken flight over the mountain—!.." Audrey scoops up a spaceship with two small hands,
They're quite close, now. It's nice, somehow comforting. A considerable layer of tension leaves Castiel's shoulders and something inside Dean eases at the sight. Dean realises how much he's actually looking forward to this.
It was one thing to yearn, to imagine and
“Which part?”
Not today, obviously. Today the scene outside sucks, and not only is it doing nothing to improve his mood it's sending it in the opposite direction.
Dean maneuvers a corner over the seat to show Cas in a stray moonbeam: in the corner are another set of embroidered initials:
“Right, I’m sure Benny would be
, he almost said. "It's not that I haven't enjoyed our time together, but--"
You would have shared your first kiss - you were brave and kissed
"In a way. Not with words, but he would.. visit me. In my dreams."
It's possible. But it's still reassuring to know they have the means to wrangle some criminal or crazy if need be. Always be prepared. You don't need to be a boy scout to know that's just good advice.
.. Dean knew that from the jump. It was hard enough knowing Sam was sulfer-side all that time, and then to come out of it learning he was actually topside and fuckin'
to be bold now and his excuse for later should things go awry.
He wasn't. Not on the outside or the inside. But he has no doubt that he could be fine by now, at least in one regard.
," Cas reiterated, pouring every ounce of gratitude and fondness he had for this human into his voice, and into the look of admiration and affection he gifted back to him.
But.. he's not here, so.. there's no use hiding.
"Well, the range and severity of the side effects do vary from person to person."
You could have snuggled up with popcorn and whiskey and his favourite old Westerns and let him educate you on why
"Monsters with a conscience?" Dean side-eyes him and Cas nods. "Vamps feeding on Bambi instead of Becky?"
someone. And it’s not just some shore-leave fling or summer liaison.”
He would think of his place in the bunker; think of
"Astraea was a god," says Dean, "living among humans. She left them, but one day she'll come back, bring a new age of peace and prosperity."
"How old were you?"
A warm touch along the exposed side of his face, another on the opposite shoulder, and in the process of a slow exhale.. space appears between them before Dean can even think to open his eyes.
But, instead, you are left with the saddest truth held in the saddest words in any language in all of creation:
Shuffling from the front seat serves as a shot of adrenaline that sloughs off the last remnants of sleep, activating his fight or flight reflexes. There's likely no threat, it's just Dean - possibly awake, in which case coffee may be sooner on the horizon than Cas anticipated, or else he's simply adjusting in his sleep, in which case Cas should be mindful not to wake him sooner than necessary - but now he's too alert to just lay still and do nothing.
"Did he hurt you?" Cas asks.
"Oh. Essentially, yes. Though not all supernatural creatures - humanoid or otherwise - feed on humans, persey." It's not smart, saying something that might lessen Dean's apprehension towards the supernatural, but it's the truth, and Cas finds himself unwilling to lie to Dean. Not every monster is monstrous. They may be rare - most likely due to the lack of casualties associated with them which is what draws the authorities and hunters to their location in the first place - but they do exist. "Most of the time the things hunters encounter are a threat to humans in some way. But occasionally I find, as others might, that there are those who have done nothing damnable. Or at least nothing worthy of the death penalty."
"..Are you worried he's
Sam sighs, and it's almost pitiful.
Castiel dreads such knowledge perhaps most of all; knowing the extent of Angelic grace being spilled in a war that would not be waging if not for his actions, his choices alone. The only reprieve he finds from the guilt is in the belief that Raphael would have spilled more - and destroyed the Earth, as well - if Castiel and his brothers and sisters had not taken up arms against him.
Doc Chiclet had said,
―now guide his face towards the light (dim as it may be, but no less helpful to illuminate darker things).
Their post-coital voices were only a whisper yet were spoken with all sincerity, bodies echoing their sentiments, hands trailing over tender flesh, heartbeats pressed close, falling in sync.
"I like it."
And he's bouncing again―Cas is
That said, Dean seems a little too unaffected by the whole ordeal, which is concerning. Maybe it's best they're traveling together for now so Cas can monitor him for a few days.
you - someone I can no longer imagine living my life without. Someone crazy enough to love me, and stubborn enough not to run away." He has to pause a moment, blink away the hedging tears, deny the doubt trying to choke off his voice; he's not done yet. "You're my win, Cas." And he wishes he had the ring, but those words feel stronger out loud. "Will you be my husband, too?"
Hell.. he
"You can take the back, it's roomier." Dean cuts the engine and looks over at Cas expectantly.
"Oh." His face falls. "We've.. never needed to. Cook, I mean. There's always been room service, restaurants and the like when we're away on a case. And we have―
Sam, in his good graces, stifled a smile with a yawn and took the threat in his stride, remarking inwardly that he knew
"They told you about the pie?" he asks, through half a mouthful.
When a reply doesn't come through immediately he pockets his phone, moving up the line. Ten minutes later he's in the middle of brushing his teeth when he receives a new text.
and the moods and mindsets of now would be reset,
, trying to keep the world steady enough for long enough to voice it.
, through it all.
The pebble in Cas' palm takes on a glow in Dean’s memory; this one's extra special. But the best surprise he's ever found in Cas' hands has been his own heart.
Heat coiled in Dean's belly and he felt the pressure build—so he slowed, not wanting to come until Cas was fully present.
"What, not a fan?" If he can keep his calm maybe they'll get out of this C-grade horror flick alive.
And it did.
"Yes. It's lovely." They share a smile that feels oddly intimate and Cas has to look away.
Dean's heart constricted that the chance was stolen from them, or maybe that he let it slip through his fingers, that he didn't try hard enough—didn't
Dean knew at once that was both a
“A gin, huh?” Dean says to the rain, eyes focused on the haze out the window.
, because smirks are
to be doing.” Dean recalls a close-call with a cherry-red Mustang that almost flattened him at the shop because of one particularly steamy account.
He's probably the brightest damn thing around, the only visual break in the gloom. The banana plastic of his hooded dimestore poncho frames his view as he trudges along―and it fully lives up to its cheap-ass quality, by the way: it does absolutely fuck-all to keep the rain from attacking his face, while offering the barest flimsy protection for the rest of him; the one-size-fits-all barely reaches his knees and the whole thing is pretty much redundant.
He moves.
Better they get on the road as soon as possible and leave this place behind, bad memories and all. Or so was decided last night as exhaustion threatened to claim them before they piled into their vehicles and drove away from Wally, from the barn, from Ramiel and a scorched ring of holy fire, from an entourage of dead demons and the memory of an almost-dead Castiel.
vicariously for their fictional friends.
them, living and hunting (and
And that was not something to be feared.
It’s then that he remembers his out-of-action smartphone and takes the mercy of an escape to reach under his poncho and fish it out, along with his sodden wallet and keys. The towel can wipe away the droplets on the casing but this thing needs to be dunked in a bag of rice and left overnight.
"And stuff."
The words mumble into Cas' chest, but Dean knows he can hear them.
How is it that the day
Dean would have trained him and they could have hunted together. And maybe this thing between them, this
Still not top priority though.
She was gazing into the flames, lost to them, adrift in some private reverie.
'Friend' isn't the right word. It's less-than what Cas is―and 'family' isn't the whole story, either (see exhibits A and B:
After a hyposmic morning and a mostly bearable hyperosmic day, there finally comes that everynight lull in the sensory rollercoaster as he gets ready for bed. The new bedding, sleep clothes -
Sam's trying to distract him, but Dean is busy calculating his best ambush move.
of them—and how anything that could take Dean (willingly) away from his Baby was something
He bit down on the meat of Cas’ shoulder, moans seeping out of him, Cas leaking over his fist.
, reason. It's not like the guy's broken. He shouldn't be made to feel inadequate or incapable. And not that Dean's Patrick Swayze on the dance floor or anything, but he can bust a certain kind of move if the occasion calls for it.
life.
“Yes.”
when you lived the lifestyle of Hunters and Angels?
). And there
"—Castiel?" Rachel's voice pulls him back before his wings denote a telltale stretch - still a reflex he must wilfully deny. "Is something wrong?"
One sounds better than the other. Both sound kinda terrifying.
Dean tries and fails to contain his burst of excitement.
The pad of that thumb sweeps just under the hardened cut in Dean's bottom lip―which feels about ten times bigger beneath Cas’ touch, his gaze; Dean feels exposed, but in a good way. Worn out and wounded, but not weak.
When it comes time to tend to his face, Dean doesn't hesitate: his knees shift open on a reflex to make room for Cas between them; he can reach both cheeks from this new angle and he won't have to move around Dean to get to the medkit.
They were one in the same.
She gestures to Sam and he tells Dean, "It's time. You ready?"
Perhaps an equally fair and equally dire concern was whether or not Dean would break Cas’ heart—however unwittingly—and if all these worries that knotted in his gut and tightened in his chest were merely a Human burden, or whether Cas wondered and feared the same.
Cas' smile brightens. "Different."
That's not what Cas had thought. He'd thought perhaps Dean's mother had made it for her young son and he'd kept it safe all these years. Cas had felt honored, guilty even, to be lent something with such sentiment. Now he knows Dean crafted the quilt with his own two hands he feels different about it.
One of the many downfalls of life on the road is the early morning starts. It's something he's never gotten a real handle on. It wouldn't be so bad if he was a morning person - like Anna or his father, who actually enjoy it - but he would rather sleep-in and catch monsters on his own time. Unfortunately, even though hunters are self-sufficient, they don't exactly work to their own schedule.
“She was a dominatrix, Dean,” Sam lowers his voice, glancing back towards the living room. “And apparently, they still keep in touch.”
it, can see it clear on the inside of his lids. And Cas' damn voice is one he'll never forget, even for trying. Because no human could possibly sound like that. None could even come close.
Cas was, but hunters are raised in a different world, one where holding onto the innocence of childhood could get those around you killed, could get your family killed.
They all have baggage. They've all done bad things they can't undo, and it
of his clothes are unbearable on allodynic nights (not that lying naked on those old flannel sheets is any better, but at least the material is only on one side of his body).
Whatever this meant for their friendship, Dean couldn't help the joy speading his lips against Cas' temple as it dawned on him that all these things meant Cas was finally settling in. He was allowing himself to feel welcome, to feel wanted.
The time for words must be now.
Had things changed so completely between them that Cas now
). But Cas is close; he stayed, and Dean's breathing him in like a miracle, like he's both the sensation flooding through him and the
"No, but they consume their prey as monsters do. The similarity is inadvertant suffering - it's not essential, but it is a byproduct. The difference is sinister intent - those that intend for their victims to suffer, for no other reason than they want them to. Because they taste better or because it satisfies in them some other need besides hunger." He cuts off his rambling. "I'm sorry. I'm sure you don't want to hear all this. I'm not used to making casual conversation."
It will make saying goodbye that much harder, but that's the life of a hunter.
Following his gaze down, Dean finds it fixed on the phone in his hand - which is still recording. "
It's not safe to bring a novice into hunting and it's not the kind of life anyone in their right mind would willfully choose. Dean's been through a trauma, that's all. He's come out the other side of a dangerous encounter with supernatural forces in-tact and seeking answers to questions that shouldn't have ever been relevant to his world. It's a natural curiosity linked to one's survival instinct.
"It's
Cas hums, mind wandering from the stars to thoughts of a normal life, one where people learn inconsequential things by pure happenstance and don't have to file away it away for potential use in protecting humanity against evil.
“You're not alright.”
“I think we both know you’ve got enough friends in law enforcement, Mr. Bigshot Lawyer, to pull in a little favour now and then.” Cue the Put-Upon Little Brother Bitchface, in all its epicness. Dean lowers his own voice. “It’s not like you haven’t done it before.”
"Cas, if it really bothers you, I can just—“ Dean moved to untangle them, intending to take care of himself in the shower. He would make sure to set some coffee to brew first, and swipe two cups enroute back to Cas' bedroom, refreshed and ready to lure a grumpy Angel from their huddle of blankets.
You would have made a fort in the library out of boxes and blankets and played
magic. And weapons. He has an entire duffel filled with guns and knives and a fucking
"..There y'are."
He yanks himself back in his seat just like he did the door against the rain, removing himself from Castiel’s personal space and settling back into his own bubble of protection.
The scene inside, on the other hand, is a whole lot nicer. He won't lie; his mood has already climbed a few notches up from miserable. Sharing close quarters with a handsome stranger, getting closer as they both lean in to regard the map, it's a far cry from misery.
But when it comes to this sorta thing all they can really do is.. wait and see. Try to be ready to divert whatever mountain of crap avalanches toward them - or try to outrun it, sidewind it before the risk catches up with 'em and the goddamn consequences bury them alive.
So, Castiel, my
Glancing at Dean again, Cas finds he's already being watched. Dean absorbs everything he says, and though the truth tends to alter one's perspective Dean doesn't have to bear the burden of it like hunters do, like those who have lost loved ones to evil. There's a kindness, a light in Dean that's all too rare and should be protected.
Sammy knows exactly what Dean would do to
He could take the guy out with one shove but he can't move. Can't even open his eyes—even if one wasn't swelling up fast and sealing itself shut—'cos he doesn't want to see
Drawing Dean into the skirmish of Angels would further remove him from any chance at peace, and that, Castiel decides, is not worth the win. Even if Dean wants to help, he cannot allow it. He must keep Dean safe, and far away from the destructive reach of Heaven.
with the brothers. You would have stayed up late with Sam while Dean was zonked out from pizza and
"Dean." There's an exuberance in him that's somewhat contagious, and beguiling. Why must he make this more difficult than it needs to be?
"Well, I'm not most people."
his mom used to say.
, y'know? Probably for the best. Meddling was Chuck's problem, it's how everything got so screwed up in the first place." Not that he's palming all his mistakes off on bad writing, but still. Jack not intervening is a good thing, in a way.
Cas' false stone wall shifts and remoulds, a look of wonder forming in its place.
Cas was dumbstruck. He glanced over at the open draw, now filled with all manner of casual wear. Dean lay the tee and pants back on the bed before stepping towards the closet.
Dean. And he felt himself wish
"It's just.. peculiar. My Castiel―"
. He pulls over more than once to dry-heave and the last time hooks a hand in the door compartment to keep from face-planting in the dirt. His fingers graze something—a cassette case, busted and empty—and everything goes quiet, 'til the silence turns deafening and resonates with the ever-present rage inside him.
Little else was said as their friend burned. Not that Wally was really a friend—more an aquaintance. But he was a good guy, and a decent Hunter. One who had gotten caught up in the dime-a-dozen demon play the Winchesters had grown accustom to, but which they tended to forget was still so alien to other Hunters.
"Dean.."
Funny, how things can change so completely in a matter of seconds.
With a sigh, Sam takes up the second mug. “Don’t take it personally. Apparently he’s been emailing Gran. I only found out about it yesterday through her and she said he didn’t want to tell you over the phone or email, because, well.. that time of year, y’know?”
Some small-town city limits come into view just as the clouded night kisses down the last of twilight. Dean knows this place. He can get what he needs here, on a lucky night. Hell, two out of three ain't bad.
? Sure, Benny had come on kinda strong with the whole 'boyfriend' thing, but that was just a phase, right? Stupid teenage hormones toying with emotions and getting outta hand. It didn’t last.
? What, that's it? No name, or anything?”
Dean exits the car first and Cas takes a moment to slump in his seat, unseen. It's only for one night.
Dean’s eyes flicked between the bed and the chair as Cas stubbornly tried to fend off sleep, eyelids now drooping as he forced them back open with each blink.
Without hesitation Dean nodded, moving around the bed towards the armchair which looked comfy enough, if not sat in for the past forty years.
Memories of a Human Cas flooded in.
"Big stuff. Deathbed confession, type-stuff."
He tossed the bowl aside not caring of the mess and slid over to rest atop Cas, pinning him to the mattress. He let the physical sensation of
and move right on to the
. The incantation and the precise brewing process.
However much Dean would grumble over it, Sam would describe it as a ‘loving moment’. One filled with care and cherisment, the kind of moments he and Castiel often shared through looks alone, and not often enough through physical contact, bold or otherwise.
Cas wriggled around a bit, nudging his ass back at Dean in annoyance. But his chuckle sounded through the sex-dampened room.
cared about him?
.. wake up..”
Cas knows getting involved with strangers is a risk. But Dean is less of a stranger today than he was two days ago. And It's not just about the dangers of hunting anymore, it's about the dangers of interpersonal relationships, of which Cas is the one lacking experience. He likes Dean. And that may prove difficult for both of them.
more than one piece.. I’ll just put you back together myself.”
His breaths even out. His heart settles, nestling against Cas' palm like it belongs, where it knows it's safe.
―he's the one to blame, here. Loki, and whatever cosmic douchery him and his merry band of bored Gods conspired in to fell a tree branch, or kamikazee a bird, or send whatever the fuck it was tumbling across Dean's windshield that caused him to crash his beloved Baby into a goddamned ditch.
So they’re on the same page, then. For now.
“You kissed me.”
, at least.
Yeah. Dean knows. Still. “Why would that matter? He’s had so-called girlfriends in the past and he’s never held back on the details - no matter
The flannel bottoms were helping, but it was the warmth of Dean's words, of his sentiment that wrapped around Cas' heart, hugging him from the inside out.
With a roll of his eyes that brings his head along for the ride, Dean ends up tilted back enough to view the scene behind him: Sam is now wearing Audrey’s glitter-boppers, chewing on a piece of dragon-bacon, still grinning down at Dean like the smug bastard he is. Bones is right there by his side, tongue lolling and tail wagging, adoring the scruffy head-pats from his master.
The inscription was tough, but when Sammy asked him what immediately comes to mind when he thinks of Cas, the answer was obvious.
There was no guarantee it was a rock.
"Did he.. respond?" Castiel keeps his voice equally quiet, suddenly eager to know as much as he can about this other Castiel and his relationship with this Dean.
"There's nothing in there," Cas mumbled, spying Dean from the corner of his eye as he reached the final button.
"I'll bet," Dean smiles, all charm with a flirtatious edge.
The other world's Dean brightens some, his soul noticeably less pained, however slight the change may be. The persistence of sadness dulls it in ripples, but sparks of hope shoot through the shadows. "Thankyou." His smile is less tentative as he turns to take his leave.
He looks to the stars again, finds Aquarius nestled between the treetops. "Water bearer."
," Dean gestures with his free arm to the room. He doesn't miss Castiel's eyes pass over him, either: appraising, down then up, coming to meet Dean's eyes with no hint of embarrassment at being totally caught checking him out.
But he'd much rather take the pain if it comes with a side of good old fashioned comfort and care. He'll take the lumps and the bruises and the whole range of aches, if it means having the company of his friend.. of
The best tactic may be to keep things simple yet vague: there are some things Cas needs to take care of and it would be better if he went alone.
“Oh. I see.”
Maybe there's hope for him yet. Maybe making an ass out of himself in front of a stranger, a potential friend, isn't so bad. They could meet again, try again. Then again, chances are he won't see Cas a second time. Their paths converging for a little while is probably all Dean'll get, which means there's no reason to let his embarrassing behaviour get the better of whatever positivity he can wring from this crappy day.
Definitely not a sight he wants to remember but apparently not one he can avoid.
It’s his own kind of therapy. Better than forking over his hard-earned pay to some Ivy League shrink with a God complex and wall to wall plastic ficuses.
And by the smile graced onto Dean’s very lips, the one alight in Cas' eyes, Dean must be doing something right, something to help him in return, in thanks, in.. more ways than one.
No seven year old should be made to feel like they need to grow up, like they're not allowed to be a kid.
pulling more blood south and threatening to drain all common sense and decency.
knowing is worse than knowing, even if the outcome is not what one hoped for. It's a cruel reality, living with false hope. But, just because there is no certainty doesn't mean there is no hope.
is your 'Huckleberry'.
“You’re the one who insisted he get some rest,” Sam mumbled around a yawn.
Pressing a kiss between Audrey's pigtails - careful not to get an eyeball full of glitter-bopper - he's surprised by the curl of bacon that suddenly appears between them.
Hesitant, Castiel places his hand in Dean's.
His existence becomes a storm of sensation—pain ebbing and rising, numbness a hazy backdrop to it like stormclouds muting the sky until the lightning strikes. His body rolls—
Dean knew Cas wasn't much of a morning person, but this was the first time he was able to experience it up close and personal.
Dean is leaning against the Impala with his own duffel as his feet. Clearing his throat he gestures to the back, "You're all set," and picks up his bag. "I'll be right back." He's halfway across the lot before Cas can ask what he meant, but when he opens the back door and understands.
Now there’s a thought. It’s early days, so Dean isn’t sure if Mystery Lover even warrants it, but if they do..
Dean had noticed something was out of sorts a couple days after brewing the first batch of potion; that Sam's stumbling over familiar lumps in the carpeting, loss of balance from the kitchen to the couch, newfound aversion to dental care, sudden inability to read antique lettering, and his intermittent lack of working tastebuds and the contrasting hypergeusia, were all signs pointing towards a problem.
The Angel tucked his feet in and settled down beneath the covers.
The Angel fidgeted, small noises of discontent crawling up through the sheets. He was trying to keep from putting pressure on Dean's groin, while simultaneously not giving up on their embrace.
Her eyes harden, and Castiel has been made accustomed to that look over the last mortal year as she nods. "Raphael's soldiers think blocking our channels with their rhetoric will hinder our efforts, but his numbers are not what ours are, and they can't affect our communications for much longer."
“Y'know.. that could happen in your kitchen and you wouldn't even know about it,” he tells Sam, concealing his cringe under a mischievous guise while Lucky continues to lick the plate clean. He grabs a dish towel and one of Sam's ‘dried’ glasses. “You might see a clean plate and think,
"Small hands," she pants, working to loosen the rope around her other wrist.
It's happening: he's overflowing from the inside-out―and it's terrifying.
to, “He didn’t tell me, because.. he didn’t wanna rub his love-joy in my face around Lisa’s anniversary?”
Another? "Oh, yo--"
"It.. limits my movements some, and.. adversely affects my rhythm."
"What are you doing?"
There was always something just beyond the horizon, waiting in the shadows, waiting for night to fall.
him. He basks in their joy like a freakin’ gecko in a suntrap.
A gorgeous noise escaped Cas, lilting through the air and landing on Dean’s tongue as it swiped along a shoulder blade. He leaned over to place a reverent kiss aside Cas' plush lips, before his lungs emptied for easing out of him, moaning at the resistance.
The dead seriousness with which she says
, Dean thinks,
Not that there's any sense moanin' about it now;
Others will always try to pervert you into something -
, Dean had told him.
Dean munches on the rest of his dragon-carcass bacon, taking in the scene.
, he still doesn't know what he would've said if he had the moment again. "There was no time."
Sam, who was tall and broad and officially two people in stature, stood with an arm loose around his mother, his other hand shoved deep in his jacket pocket to stave off the nightime winter chill. His eyes flitted to Dean, who was offering similar support to Cas.
"Didn't he just get back?" says Aaron. "He was like, backpacking through Europe, or something? Dude's probably a petri-dish of STDs."
Maybe Sam could help.
*  *  *
Something about her story doesn't ring true but it's not Cas' place to call her out on a lie. There's always a risk getting involved in the lives of strangers and since she seems fine and exudes an air of self-reliance Cas doesn't see reason to pry.
―and Dean had seen the need in his eyes to make this right. Though It's been a while, knowing the contusions mottling Dean's face and coloring his ribs were caused by Cas' own hands..? It wrangled a painfully familiar look on his friend's face―wounded and worried and wracked with stupid guilt―that Dean felt a similarly pained need to fix.
Audrey shakes her head. “No―she was tricked by the Dark Side! But she was my best flyer.” Her words end sad, head bowed.
Nothing he didn't already know. Nothing that could be changed.
“I thought.. that's what we were doing?”
“..That his Special Someone is staying too?”
“Wh—? You think I’d
It's bittersweet, but Dean smiles through it.
he needed them, merely hoping his emphatic base reasoning would be persuasive enough:
Emily comes over to refill Dean's coffee and pointedly eyes the pie and the two of them.
He remembers the first time he tried to operate one of these machines; things did not go as planned. But the subsequent lesson from Dean had been worth cleaning up the mess. It had been just the two of them, standing side by side in the bunker's kitchen for what seemed to be longer than necessary to explain the basic functions and demonstrate to Castiel the best settings for particular needs - culinary, or otherwise.
Hand still gripped in Cas' coat, he led him to the bedside and switched on the lamp. The room was bare. No pictures or art or weapons on the walls. Nothing on the desk but a blank notepad and pen. The TV remote sat on the nightstand beside the keys to Cas' truck. The drab palette and lack of character was not a welcome sight, with nothing at all to garner that feeling of
"—Don't sweat it."
Clearing his throat, eyes darting away again, Dean rushes to add, “―I just need to reach a working phone. No signal ‘round here.”
Talk of beasties and ghosts had piqued Dean's interest earlier and even his own encounter with a bloodthirsty pagan god only served to spur his sudden quest for answers, rather than accept the nightmare was over and just move on from it all. At the mention of demons, however, Dean shows the first signs of stark apprehension towards the supernatural.
thing.
"C'mon.."
Dean has the good sense not to be smug about it. "Guy like that, messing with a woman?" he shakes his head, "Not gonna happen. Besides, I may not be a hunter but I know how to handle myself in a fight."
Another concern is the route they're taking. It's only when they stop for lunch in Ohio that it occurs to Cas that Dean might head north once they reach Kentucky, that he might want to visit Chicago, and avoiding construction on the 65 might mean cutting too close to Pontiac for comfort.
"Yes. It's.. a small mercy, that some supernatural species can't procreate. Vampires, for instance. But turning a human is worse. They corrupt them, and the price is their humanity."
Dean hums again. "But you'd think if he let anyone have one more get-out-of-jail-free card it'd be Cas. Who knows, maybe Jack's rootin' for us."
The music is loud and kind of obnoxious, definitely not her go-to jam, but she doesn't let it distract her from locating the target. Even the flashing lights and crowd of dancing bodies can't conceal him—
Just a couple more hours and he should reach that circle on the map, maybe a working phone, and then he ca―
, four-letter-word.
about then they're either a lunatic or a goddamn liar.
He knows he's not alone in the diner, but he's been known to get a little lost in flavor country and not realise he's maybe making a scene until heads turn and eyes stare. Like the guy who must've walked in some time between Dean's pie arriving and him taking that first delicious bite.
"I didn't know they were a thing."
Bones is watching Audrey with some doggy mix of wariness and readiness, perking up with excitement at her bigger hand motions and wide smiles - and then his ears flopping down as she hushes her voice to a whisper and brings her hands low, as though imparting some dangerous turn in the tale which he, as a dog, can somehow fully understand and properly fear.
Sam deserved someone who smiled because of him, no matter how awkward or clumsy he could be.
Only reason Dean agreed to that session was because Sam wouldn't let it drop.
“Okay, well, if it
First of all, of course his family would support him, he knows that. Second, the world wouldn't want what he's crankin' out these days - and he's fine with not being able to do better. He piqued early, it happens. He had a taste of another life and that was plenty. He's happy with the life he has now.
At least Dean's not alone in wanting to
Dean is better than fine.
The swab is gone. The scent of iodine has faded, as if far away (and not rising up from the little silver dish right beside him).
Dean's heart rate kicks up, his head feeling lighter and arms gone weak as his hands fight to curl into fists. Breaths come shallow and ragged, and of all the times to get whammied by a bunch of drug-free side effects this is some black-cats-under-ladders bullshit bad luck.
And there's a hand combing through the hair behind his ear. He leans into the touch, bobs his head―just once, and just barely―in response so as not to lose any more energy through movement or forming of words. He has just enough left to instruct his body to tip forward again and resume position as a koala-bear, wrapped around his Angel.
(See the end of the chapter for
And Sam's never been one to sleep in the nude but the rough fibres of
"Huh. Saving people, hunting things. Not a bad way to spend your days, I guess."
Cas huffs a smile.
Unbuttoning Cas' shirt he was surprised to find a second layer: a white tee was half-tucked where his shirt had been into the wasitband of his trousers. Dean left Cas to finish up, expecting him to follow through from his example, and turned towards the dresser.
Unless.. it
Succinct and to the point without revealing what he'll be doing or where he'll be going. He knows Dean well enough by now to expect questions in the very least, he just hopes Dean doesn't think he's trying to get away from him.
Cas is almost level with him. For the height of the table, he hadn't needed to bend down at all. Dean sits taller, now, lips level. With one hand still around Cas’ waist―and wholly unwilling to surrender its place―the other gives up the tie to move up.. up.. up broad chest and over heart.. passed collar to find neck and stubble, lips meeting again somewhere along the way.
As for everything else he's relieved there's nothing to hunt, for right now. He's not sure he could handle it physically. Generally speaking he feels queasy and light-headed much of the time - although that, too, has been easing. A little over a month and he can feel his body regaining strength as his mind regains control. It's slow-going, but it is going.
Dean's no new-age spirit, and he's no scientist, but if he had to put a theory to it he'd say it comes from experience. A lifetime of getting acquainted with the best and worst in people - beit up close or from a distance - you develop an inkling about these things. It's not fool-proof, not a hundred percent certain because, well..
Three messages from Rachel around 3 AM. She had mentioned she was looking into a potential case but didn't bother sharing details, not that being awake at that hour means she's working on a case. It could just be the usual hunter's insomnia.
be happy. She always manages to find his backup smile, especially on caffeine-less days or just low days in general. It's that special kind of joy only your kid can spark in you. Most of the time they don't do it on purpose, it's just a fortunate side effect of their own enjoyment.
His chin tilts back up―but not of its own accord, and sure as hell not because Dean moved it. Thumb drawn down off of Dean's lip, the strong fingers belonging to that same hand―such a
"My mom made this one. Mary Campbell."
If this was what Heaven felt like then Dean could die a happy man.
Dean is special, and you are
"What about you? Anyone catch your eye?"
. He told Cas—
So, until something else comes along - a case or a clue or a Cas-shaped confrontation - this is exactly what he's gonna do.
Fortunately, 'sensitive ear days', as Dean calls them, are few and far between compared to the rest - however unpredictable their onset may still be. Even so, despite everything, it's a comfort to know he'll be able to sleep past sunrise without a cacophony of sound parading through his ear canals from the other end of the scrapyard.
It's not like he's chaste - he'll spend the night with someone if it happens to come to that, naturally, but he doesn't seek it out. Young Dean might've revelled in that lifestyle for a time but older, wiser, more mature Dean feels no shame in admitting to himself that he no longer needs that frequent release, no longer craves the talented touch of a beautiful stranger.
the guy.
Cas wanted, Dean would gladly give it up.
The only question Dean needs answered is why that stubborn ass of an Angel didn't come to him for help, why he joined forces with the damn King of Hell, why he chose a freakin'
Toeing off his boots Dean left them by the nightstand. His belt came next, before slipping out of his jeans while facing the wall, folding them over the arm of the upholstered chair, his layers of shirts following. The last item was his watch, which he placed beside the small bedside lamp before tucking himself in beside Cas.
Dean huffs, scratching his neck self-consciously. "I know it's kind of a mess. No real rhyme or reason, but.."
It's no surprise Emily decides to leave town. Dean gives her and Cas a ride to the greyhound station the next town over. They wish her luck and say goodbye and she boards the bus. Cas surveys the timetable board as Dean comes to stand beside him.
It's stupid. Dean doesn't know why he kept it, but he did. And..
He watches as Cas dabs that pungent, old-timey antiseptic over the dried blood of each abrasion; as he takes care not to press on the wounds with each gentle swipe of the cotton bud. The iodine is cool against his split skin; smells like sour oranges, jarring and unpleasant, but Dean breathes deep anyway.
No, Dean isn't ‘fine’. That word has lost all real meaning over the years. He has better words to replace it. He's on his way towards something
“I’m Dean, by the way,” he remembers at last, because
"Marry me."
He's frozen again. Useless. If this panic attack doesn't kill him—
part of him and
He can see it working for Cas, too: helping Dean is helping to purge all that misplaced guilt and second-hand pain he carries for Dean's injuries.
Dean was his
She needs cover to get closer without being spotted—and the brunette in the retro jumpsuit who walks by has perfect timing. "Hey—" she trails her hand down the brunette's arm, turning her around, "wanna dance?" She leads them toward the edge of the crowd, moving in some approximation of rhythm, and the brunette goes willingly.
―and Cas has him by the shoulders, is holding him steady.
was known, now that they were something close to
Sam didn't believe it, not at first. But when he applied the theory to Eileen's business dealings and all the travel she did, alongside her charm - which was, as Sam put it,
in the house," he winks, but she knows the act, knows him too damn well. Her eyes go soft with worry.
“I dunno. Gran didn’t say much, just that Benny was looking forward to showing them off for everyone 'in person'.”
Methodical, careful, as one might think any Angel would be.
to play along - but he’s still running on empty, and the heavy atmosphere of the day that has nothing to do with the weather is weighing on his heart, hampering any good mood from rising fully to the surface. He smiles proudly at his wonder of a kid, but that's about all he can manage right now.
as he goes.
"I mean, not like
Dean also didn’t take
"Oh." Castiel has a wooden leg.
And his coping mechanisms are
. But none of them were themselves when those things went down. And he's so tired of being angry, tired of defaulting to hatred, tired of not being able to change things for the better, to undo what's been done.
“Castiel.”
"So, your diagnosis is
meets
was different.”
. But (sometimes unfortunately) duty comes first.
Out the corner of his eye he notices Castiel tapping away at his own phone, a furrow creasing his brow. “You’re right. I have no signal. Not even data.”
Cas was eyeing the door. He moved to rise first, but Dean stopped him.
“..How’s he doin’?” Sam spoke softly, sinking into the old cushioned seat.
"And yet, you're so.."
But was he right? Had Dean doomed Sam to a fate worse than death by trying to do the right thing, trying to save him?
Conversation lulled from then on, making way for shallow breaths and quieted moans.
, and he's.. smiling.
(See the end of the chapter for
He takes a minute to work at his bindings with no luck. A groan pulls his attention back over to Emily, face contorted in pain as she manages to get one hand free. "Ha! Nice!"
Cas is gone. Million monsters ate him up from the inside out so Dean can't even chew him out for it. Can't show him how good Baby looks right now either, despite everything that happened to her, everything Cas did.
As he fixes his coffee the way he likes it Dean takes a sip of his own, licking the bitterness from his top lip; he likes it black. "I'm Dean, by the way."
pretty―even when it's a
Whatever he and Cas were before this moment, they were something else, now. Something more.
but never know what it was to really
(See the end of the chapter for
Pulling out, regrettably, Dean immediately dipped two fingers back in, massaging Cas down from his peak. Hungry murmurs sounded from his lover, and Dean withdrew his touch. Their mutually sated sighs mingled in the air as Dean reached around to offer his fingers, and the evidence of his love, to his beloved.
“Technically, the dragon is Cassiel’s steed. Cassiel is actually a jinn.”
He signed up for a Mexican
But this, right here? This kid, pained and crying into his chest, snot and all? It's a win.
"Dean, I—"
The guy pulls his gaze away and turns back to Emily. "On second thought, I'll have what he's having."
It's been a long time coming, and Dean feared maybe it never would, that Jack might never be himself again, but it's him. It's their kid, sitting hunched over and alone, tears of remorse flooding his voice and spilling down his cheeks.
utilise.
, and a memory foam mattress as well - are all precautionary measures; he still doesn't know what senses will go wild when, so he prepares for all eventualities: Tiger Balm and odour-filter mask sit alongside his charged pair of wireless
Retirement isn't an option, not unless he loses his conscience along the way. He hopes it never comes to that. It seems hunters are doomed from the start.
.. or whatever the Angel equivalent of that was.
many things, so many unspoken truths they didn’t have time to get into right now. Besides, Dean had something else, something more pressing, something leaching warmth from Cas’ body back into his own, to attend to.
It's Jo's turn to look unimpressed. "Seriously? Greasy takeout and, what—more marathoning
He remembers what he said to Cas, that if this is the end then they should all be together. It's that realisation that bolsters him and propels him through the bunker with a single-minded determination to get in the Impala and fucking
However different their lives have been, the shock of meeting, of their paths converging, had worn off soon enough and was replaced with a respect for those differences. What this world's Sam and Dean have here is something he didn't know he wanted, and yet knows is vital to achieving true happiness. It was the very thing missing from his former life.
He felt warmed by that very special,
with him? He’s acting like one of those starry-eyed chicks in those damn Harlequin novels, and like he’s said before: that shit’s pure fantasy. It doesn’t happen in real-life, only desperate lonely people
In a remarkable turn of events, Sam shifts his disapproval to the dog, rousing on him -
, thing."
things) together, then maybe it was all worth it. All the pain and the loss, the fear and close calls with Death.
―His thoughts are cut off by the most beautiful sound in the world: a bleeping horn, which is accompanied by the most beautiful sight in the world: a little blue car, one that rolls to a stop right beside him.
which would surprise exactly no one. “But it’s
Thing is, he didn't wanna have to force the moment. He wanted it to be as natural as possible - nothing fancy, just one of those random times where everything slips into place against all odds.
"I was just wondering if you knew what happens to them. To Angels." His eyes find Castiel's. "Where do you go?"
But he didn't refuse Cas' grace because he didn't want his help, or because he felt deserving of the beat down he received. This time, after everything that's happened over the past twenty seven hours, Dean just needed a little bit of old fashioned
Their family caravan rolled out of the chalky drive, pyre spent and demon bodies disappeared (assumedly) by Crowley. With sunrise a few hours away, and having been beaten and bloodied and built their own
He kind of wished Dean had moved to join Castiel in the backseat, the mental image urging a new smile every time his thoughts wandered: the two of them, slumped beside each other, head on shoulder, cheek on hair, hands comfortably twined between them, on display for any and all to see..
Two hours and a pair of maxed-out old credit cards later, they were geared up: a range of prescription and precision-tinted eyewear, triple-protective UVA, UVB and UVC sunglasses, Mongolian cashmere blankets and sweaters (he'd managed to talk Dean out of the onesie recommended on Amazon, just barely), organic bamboo lyocell bedding, an excessive amount of Tiger Balm, fragrance-free soaps, flavourless toothpaste, industrial quality earplugs and noise-cancelling headphones - just to name a few.
The point is, he's not going to let anyone - PhD or otherwise - tell him he needs to get back in that saddle. He picks up his old Gibson now and then just to mess around, covers and whatnot, just for fun. He doesn't need anymore than that.
Castiel and Sam traded smirks in the rearview mirror as the engine roared to life, Dean muttering something about
But he still couldn't shake the feeling of the room: it felt foreign, belonging to someone else—or many someones, like any of the countless, nameless motel rooms he had stayed in over the years whether with, or without the Winchesters.
but I might
"It's our responsibility, Emily," her aunt says. "We do what we have to, to protect our town. The good of the many outweighs the good of the one."
Dean's leg, slipped between Cas' thighs, pulled him closer. Cas' hips worked with equisite motion—more friction than finess, but still: Dean had to wonder where he learned his moves, and what other budding skills Cas was hiding.
"You were very impressive."
- doubt crept in.
He could write love like nobody’s business. There was no need for him to also love hearing about anyone and everyone's love-sick pursuits, those delusional Hallmark Valentine dreams they genuinely thought were real-life possibilities.
And he'll gladly drown in it.
The clouds have parted in his mind and it's clear blue skies all around (for now). No other answer in sight but that one. No other answer he'd rather give. And the word that was jumbled there before is written just as clear as the view.
Angelic Grace may be one helluva pick-me-up―fast and more than effective―but there's just something about this kind of prolonged close proximity and corporeal care that does a little extra to help with the pain. For both of them.
Dean nods through a mouthful, and Cas copies the movement.
Right. Could be a fella.
There was space between the two of them, both Dean and Castiel gravitating towards the window and armrest along the door. And perhaps there was too much space to casually initiate contact.
feels.. manageable.
Waterlogged phone safely stowed inside his equally waterlogged jacket, along with wallet and keys, he sets out in the forward direction of a working lifeline.
There's no comin' back from this, from what Cas did to himself. Maybe they can take down this mutant-God—
Dean's arms are wrapped around him, gathering him into a hug before he even registers his feet having moved. He tightens the embrace as Jack's chest jumps with hiccups, his hands grasping at Dean's shirt, tears soaking through the layers of cotton and warming his skin in a way that tears shouldn't; but this is
―and not just because his head is currently filled with clouds. He also couldn't say it―if he could even find the words for it―if he even wanted to.
He pulls away just enough to look up; hands shifting to rest Cas' hips; heel notched behind his knee; sole of one foot sliding down the slope of a firm calf..
“Alright, so maybe I’m no cheerleader for all that mushy crap.” Sam snorts, seemingly in agreement. Unless he’s being a jerk - a
And there's not a damn thing wrong with that. The way Dean sees it, it's not a problem.
"Kinky."
"Would you mind.. staying?" Cas tried, sounding uncertain. ”Just.. until I fall asleep?”
"Hi." His eyes are bright as they flick to the microwave humming on the benchtop. "I was hoping we could talk. Do you have a moment?" His smile is tentative, warm, but edged in sadness. It's familiar, in a way. The fidgeting of his hands is something new, but Castiel knows Dean to fidget in other ways when something is on his mind and making him restless, nervous, even.
and what it means to be a
(main spn blog)
Castiel?" The clothing, the mannerisms, the stories of their world all differentiate this Dean from the one Castiel knows. But it's still jarring to hear
The sentiment warms his chest like a real damn hug and he's gotta resist the urge to gather her up in his arms. "Thanks." His voice scratches so he takes a swig of water to distract them both and give him an out from talking about it anymore. She gets it, he knows, and she pats his arm and reaches for her beer.
