God. Steve felt like he was being an idiot, trying to absolve Tony of any blame just because of his personal investment. He was a damn SHIELD agent. He needed to act like one and listen to Fury’s advice.
“I’m pretty sure there’s something coming,” Steve answered on autopilot, and then gasped in a mortified little breath as Tony looked up at him in delight. “Oh my God, I’m sorry, Bucky just does that all the time-“
“That’s not how it—”
He looked over at the wall stubbornly. “Maybe he’s a little bit clever, then,” he admitted sullenly.
“Tony, I- I can’t-“
gotta go, or that we shouldn’t have come out at all.” Rhodey took a pause, and Steve just listened intently, feeling like the phone was glued to his ear. “Steve, buddy, you have to understand… Tony is terrified of him. I mean,
Probably.
Tony wasn’t asleep, far from it. He was still sat upright and staring vacantly at the mirror, obviously deep in thought, but when he heard the sound, his head snapped to Steve. Their eyes met, and when Tony registered him, his face turned into one of surprise. This clearly hadn’t been something he had expected.
Maybe Tony had lost the human version of Jarvis in that car crash. But he’d put a new soul into that machine in front of them, and now the essence of what had made that man so amazing lived on through the machine.
He could feel his heart hammering under his weak ribs, and resisted the urge to step backward. How long had Tony been packing for? He’d thought he’d be able to get away before Steve came back. Maybe he’d just come home earlier than Tony had anticipated, cutting his talk short in order to get back to the tower. Maybe one of the others had told him he’d been acting weird, and Steve had come back to investigate.
“Oh God, shut up,” he spat at himself as he slammed his hands against the table and then leaned back on his chair. His head was fucking killing him, and he stood angrily from the desk and headed over to the liquor cabinet on the other side of the room. Taking out the closest bottle, he flicked off the cap and then took a large swig, gasping as it burned its way down his throat.
“Hey,” he said, “are you all okay? How did it go?”
Steve looked up at Bruce. “Does he blame himself?” He whispered, terrified of the answer.
Being on his phone and adding in the occasional comment to Nat and Clint’s bickering eventually led to him flicking through his gallery absently while waiting for a response from his friends. The sight of his files, now filled with pictures of Steve, and Steve’s face, and his soft smile squished up next to Tony’s, was enough to lift his mood considerably, and he started to smile to himself as he curled up in bed and went through the ever-growing folder dedicated to his relationship.
permission anyway- they’d been dating for damn near three years by that point, so it was okay. If it kept Steve happy, Tony would do it whenever he wanted. Obviously. And Tony loved having sex with Steve too... most times. Just recently, it seemed- a little off. A little different. Tony couldn’t quite pinpoint it, and it was just those past few weeks. He was sure it was all in his head.
Tony blinked once, then shrugged. “Honestly, the most surprising part of that is the fact you’re a PI now. I always wondered where you went; kinda fell off the grid after we…” he flicked a hand awkwardly and looked away. “Well. You know.”
“We’re gonna go home, alright?” Steve asked, “and I’ll make us something to eat, and then we’ll go to bed and you’re gonna get a good night’s sleep.”
He pushed down at the sudden bubble of fury that rose up under his sternum. Not now, he told himself. “So,” he began as he bit down on his own toast, “I take it you’re going to be staying here and resting for the day, right?”
“I’m not- I’m not
“One day you’re going to get caught doing that,” Steve told her with a raised eyebrow, folding his arms in front of him.
Steve sat on the edge of the tub and looked at Tony in the reflection of their bathroom mirror, head cocked. Tony smiled at him, clearing his throat as he brought the comb up to his damp hair. “Yeah,” he said easily, “yeah, I was just… tired, that’s all. Wanted a shower. It was goddamn sweltering in that restaurant.”
“Oh Jesus.” Tony’s face creased in amusement as he leaned his head back, finger tracing the rim of the glass. Steve watched it intently. “I had to get that car deep-cleaned, you know. He got his naked ass all over my favourite fucking Audi.”
As there should be. Steve wouldn’t expect anything less.
There was a silence. Sam was making an amused face at Steve. “Tony Stark?”
Steve told us everything—”
. rubbing their faces together like they were fucking cats.
, which is probably not something he needs to be thinking about when wearing thin sweatpants-
Steve made a face. “Bucky-“
“Nothing, you continue-“
He told himself to take a breath and steady himself. He told himself to stop thinking of Howard- of the boys at his boarding school, Ty at MIT. Steve... Steve wasn’t like them. This was different. Steve had reasons- he wasn’t violently natured, not at all, there wasn’t a bad bone in his body. Everyone loved Steve, because Steve was just loveable. A hero.
“Yeah.” Steve rounded the desk and then crouched on his haunches, looking up at Tony in concern. “How you feeling about me touching you right now?”
Tony didn’t answer to that one, and when Steve glanced over to him again, he saw the boy’s face suddenly freeze up in the reflection of the mirror before he turned his head jerkily downward and away from him. Sensing he’d just misstepped, he grabbed a pillow and then flung it toward the back of Tony’s head. “Joke,” he confirmed, “that was a joke, Tony. Horrifyingly enough, I’m actually enjoying waking up early on a Saturday morning this time.”
those bastards were up to something.” Tony shoved his pants on and then stumbled out of the door without looking back, and with a noise of surprise, Steve shoved the blankets off and followed him. He thought he must have misheard that—a giant robot rising out of the sea? What? For a moment, he wondered why SHIELD hadn’t alerted him, but then he remembered that even if they knew about it at this point, his work-phone was currently on the other side of America. He knew there was a West-Coast division of SHIELD, but he had no idea how long their response time would be, and JARVIS had said there were already casualties. This was not good.
He’d ended up here. In a bathroom, seconds from throwing up. All because of a practical joke.
“What the fuck?” Steve spun around, looking up at Bucky in horror as he stood by the door and reached for Steve’s shoulder, pulling him inside. “Bucky, what
“I wish you’d have been able to meet her,” Steve said, the ache coming back just for a moment, but dulled more with the fondness of remembrance than the pain of loss, “she was amazing. Would’a loved you.”
“No I’m n-“
“I don’t think there’s a pecking order to it, really-“
Oh God. Tony’s hand grabbed for Steve automatically, and he felt Steve reach back with a hissed-out curse, pushing them quickly toward the car, Tony stumbling over the curb in his haste to get into the passenger seat. He could feel his heart suddenly up in his throat, making his tongue heavy with terror. “What’s wrong?” He asked urgently, “Is he sick? Has someone taken him?”
“I really think-“
He smiled. “That too.”
“Oh, because you’re some sort of medical fucking expert, right,” Steve snapped dangerously, but Loki just looked at him blankly and then cocked an eyebrow, the piercing running through it glinting under the kitchen light.
“It’s reliable,” he said primly, looking around for a waiter so they could come and take their order. Tony leaned forward and nudged his head back to the table.
"You need to leave," was the blunt reply he received, "this doesn't concern you."
Tony paused again, and then turned his head, looking sideways and over to Steve. “I like counting your heartbeats,” he muttered with a shrug. “Like to hear it. When I’m having one of my moments and everything just feels too loud in my head, or I’m stupid and anxious about something, I just…” he curved his fingers and pressed in, gentle, against Steve’s wrist, right over his pulse. Then he smiled. “And it calms me down. The counting, the rhythm. It’s nice. Especially after the whole—y’know—cardiac arrest thing.”
Steve paused, hand tapping absently at the table. That was a new development, incidentally; Tony had never seen Steve tap before.- far too controlled for that.
Reed: Oh, so Tony Stark follows the rules now?
Tony Stark had an artificial intelligence.
“Six months, if my memory serves correctly,” one of the seemingly older guys said, looking at Tony with a grin as he patted him fondly on the back, “it was near the New Year, when all our families got together for that retreat, right? Nice to see you, Tones. You’ve dropped off the radar a bit recently- we were getting worried.”
“Obvious, isn’t it?” Natasha said, and the two of them looked over to her. They all paused for a second as they heard footsteps coming down the stairs, but it was only Clint and Thor, closely followed by Bruce. Peter was tucked safely into his arms, unharmed, but quite clearly shaken. He was sucking at his thumb, face tucked deep into Bruce’s neck as he gripped tight to the man’s shirt. Tony thought it rather unusual that he wasn’t crying, but hey- at least that was one less thing they had to deal with.
Tensely, Bruce nodded. “On it,” he snapped, turning away from the fight at hand and then following in Thor’s footsteps, sparing one last glance behind him at Tony before breaking out into a sprint.
He considered the night ahead of them, free for the first time in what felt like decades. No getting soaked from bath-time or spending an hour just trying to put a baby down to sleep. No bickering over who had to get up and take the morning shift while the other slept in. No, tonight, the rest of the team were in charge of the night-shift, leaving Steve and Tony in blissful peace.
“Clingy,” Steve muttered as he trailed his fingers up the knobbles of Tony’s spine and down again, a soft smile on his face. Tony leaned down and captured his mouth in an easy kiss, tasting like toothpaste. “I love you. I’ll be back before you know it. I’m sure it’s all gonna be boring as hell, just like you said.”
“Sure, Tony- come along for the ride,” Steve said with a smile and a fond roll of his eyes.
. Good idea.”
“So are you- turning up to my house fifty minutes late looking like you got run over isn’t exactly common courtesy, you know,” Steve told him with a dry look, giving Tony the once-over and tutting.
There was no one who made Steve as vulnerable as Tony did. But he always knew what to do to make Steve better, too.
There was nothing to be afraid of.
what I’ve been trying to do this whole time, Steve. And I was
Thor patted him again. “Look after him, Tony,” he said solemnly, before retreating.
Steve pondered the question for a moment, thumb running back and forth absently across Tony’s skin. “I could go for some pancakes. Are we near an IHOP?”
“I need to talk to Steve about this,” he said eventually, voice low, “I’ll get back to you in a bit, okay? Yes, I’m aware. No, Natasha, Jesus Fuck, I’m not saying… look, I’m not having this conversation with you right now. Just remember that it’s not only my fucking life on the line any more. I’ll call you later.” He ripped the phone away from his ear and then pressed end-call, tossing the phone onto the coffee table. Steve, who’d been listening in to the conversation they’d been having and managing to piece together most of what was going on, simply took in a deep breath.
Tony chuckled, and Steve felt the stretch of his neck as he lay back against the cushions and looked at the ceiling. They fell into another comfortable silence, and Steve was mere seconds away from falling properly into sleep when Tony spoke again.
“It’s fine, Tony,” Steve said, sinking onto the third stair and then curling his hand around the banister, “they were… polite about it, at least. Well. Mostly.”
, fine, but you’re totally doing all the work,” he groused, folding his arms and then finally letting himself smile as Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and pulled him in close for a kiss. They made out easily against the chrome walls of the elevator and Tony may possibly have asked JARVIS to slow down the ascent up to the top floors so that he and Steve could engage in some heavy petting, which proved just how effective that so-called ‘Tony Face’ actually was, really. By the time they exited into the common area a few minutes later, they were both a little more dishevelled than they had been by the time their friends had seen them last. Luckily, Clint was thoroughly engrossed in whatever children’s comic he’d picked up to read and Natasha simply let them off with a raised eyebrow and a small glance over to the elevator.
“Afternoon, Steve!” The man called out, “you’re back early!”
“Essentially,” he’d admitted, “Tony- they’ve blocked off all information about the Iron Man armour. It’s like they’ve managed to target the specific neurons responsible for all the memory functions and just… shut them down. And then to protect their work, they’ve made sure when you try and access those memories, it triggers a pain response. Although I imagine you’ve come to the same conclusion by now, right?”
But tonight, he would also have Steve. And he wasn’t a solution- but he damn well helped.
A hand curled through his hair, yanking him up to look at her. She was smiling, yet again. “Okay,” she said, “I guess it’s time to bring out my ace card, huh?”
Sam’s mouth dropped open. “So you
Steve just stared at him, jaw clenched stubbornly and eyes hard- but so much sadder than Tony had realised before.
“Tony, what the
When Steve had been small, he remembered going to watch a pianist perform with his ma. He remembered how awed he’d felt then, when he’d seen the way the man’s fingers had moved like liquid across each key, how he’d drifted into the music and become one with it. He’d thought that there couldn’t possibly be anyone better than that man as he’d come out of the theatre that day. But now even that memory, although layered with the childhood magic that surrounded those sorts of things, just seemed to pale in comparison to hearing Tony play. He could quite literally listen his lover run his fingers expertly across the keys for the rest of his life, and would do so very happily.
Tony gasped, feeling the heat as it warmed the armour plates. The temperature gauge started to rise up in his HUD. He moved his focus between observing the fire-guy and watching as yet another body rounded the corner. This one moved differently; there was a smoothness to his motions that gave it away even before Tony saw the sleek metal underneath his uniform. It was the robot one. Clint and Natasha were on him immediately, however, leaving Tony with the Pyro and Steve with the two speedsters.
Peter nodded, and then looked at him. “What the Goddamn hell is going on?” He asked, and Steve remembered that to this kid—hell, to all of them, the past five years just hadn’t happened.
money,” Clint begged.
“He doesn’t,” Thor explained, “they’re just… complicated. Used to be best friends, they’ve kind of grown up around eachother. Tiberius’ parents are close with Tony’s father- that’s the only reason Tony puts up with his idiocy, because if he pisses him off too much then the bastard will go tattle to Howard,” Thor spat, and then rolled his eyes as he added “plus, they’d been on-and-off for years before the start of this semester. Ty can’t seem to get the message that Tony isn’t interested in him anymore. He’s just… a dick.”
Maybe it would work.
“What the fuck,” he blurted, jumping suddenly and turning around, then raising his eyebrows over to Tony. “Oh. Hello?”
_____
Tony shot him a look from the side, mouth turning upward as his fingers squeezed gently around Steve’s. “Oh sweetheart, I ain’t ever had a kiss like
him, and Tony… well, he’d take that. If it meant that they’d stay, he could take it. Once all of this was over and is memories were back, he’d probably stop thinking about it all together. Shove it back down into that dark little hole where it belonged, never to be heard of again.
“I am the view,” Tony shrugged, dropping the box and the bottle in order to run his hands through Steve’s hair.
Steve narrowed his eyes a little as he gave him the once-over. He’d seen the guy around; hung out with Tony and his group sometimes. His hair was a dirty blonde, longer than Steve’s and slicked back. He dressed expensive- designer clothes without a stain or thread loose.
“Much as I am having fun here,” Natasha interrupted wryly, leaning forward on her hand and looking at the two new boys curiously,  “can I ask what both of you are doing here? You don’t usually step foot in the cafeteria.”
“Tony,” Steve said quietly, looking up to him with a slowly growing expression of dread on his face, “I didn’t… what happened?”
Bad shit happens, sometimes, and Tony deals with it. He does it as best he can, and sometimes Steve is there to help him through- because for some reason Steve seems to like him more than most- but sometimes he isn’t.
There was a cool hand resting over his, and Steve looked down at it, noting how it moved, how it was attached to the rest of Bucky’s body- real and living and breathing.
As for Steve and Tony, their celebrations ran more along the lines of ‘I moved my leg today’ and ‘I think I’ve found a way to improve the dexterity of this prosthetic, you know’. Steve had been hospitalised for two weeks before he’d even been able to sit up on his own, and despite the serum running through him, he was still taking a long time to recover. He had harnessed the power of the universe, after all. Half of it, anyway. Apparently if he’d been baseline, it would have killed him instantly. As it was, the serum had managed to absorb some of the power and use it to speed up regeneration to a rapid degree for a brief second or so, and so while simultaneously killing him, the infinity stones kept him alive. He was set to make a full recovery.
, all he could feel was water, all he could taste was sand and dirt and blood in the back of his mouth, Obie was there and he was laughing and Tony had no one left in the world to trust anymore-
(He got the date, though- so maybe he hated Natasha slightly less than he made out.
Tony had always known that. He’d never let anyone try and imply Steve was anything less than a genius. Steve had always been sheepish when Tony brought it up though, shaking his head and putting himself down quietly before hastily moving the subject on.
“Yes, I know, everyone’s fucking told me that, don’t worry,” Steve cut her off, irritated by the same old warning, “I’m just wondering why the fuck that happened, and what Tony Goddamn Stark has to do with it.”
But it was already going, losing its centre of balance and toppling. It was headed right in Tony’s direction, and even if the man moved right now there would be a chance it’d hit him. Steve didn’t know how many volts were running through it, but he figured it would be enough to do damage. Potentially a lot of it. Which, obviously, Steve was not going to let happen.
With an irritated huff, he rolled into sitting position and yawned, grabbing a ratty hoodie from the foot of his bed before stumbling out into the hall and down the stairs. He could see not one, but two heads through the frosted glass of the door ahead, and frowned sleepily.
Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.
In that second, an idea popped into his head, and he sat bolt upright in bed, face breaking out into another smile. Just like that, he now had a plan that could perfectly tie up all of his issues into one big happy package. Scrambling off the bed and looking for his calendar in the piles of debris and litter on his desk, Tony double-checked the dates, just to be sure. But he was right: his parents would be going to Madrid on the 29
“Call her Bertha!”
“Sorry I worried you with the whole electrocution thing,” Steve responded with a faint smile.
This was all on Tony. He was doing this to himself, really.
Steve nodded with a sigh, biting his lip. He did know that; Bucky was right. Dammit.  “I hate when you talk sense,” he muttered as he slid off his jacket and hung it on the rack.
. Because he was too strong, because he hadn’t even been able to hold it together enough to keep Tony safe-
It was only Bucky who actually heard the conversation being had between them, and at that he lifted his head away from Natasha’s for a second in order to shoot him a knowing and rather smug look. Steve just glared, and Bucky knew better than to say anything at that point unless he wanted Steve to forcibly rip his head off, so instead he grinned and then made a shooing gesture with his hand.
It wasn’t even on the mouth. It was on the fucking
She leaned down, whispering in his ear. “Because when people are exposed to it, they feel like the nightmares won’t ever stop.”
“Tony, you know that we love you, very much. Before this begins, we want you to know that,” Bruce said softly.
Steve grinned, and then gave a half-hearted shrug. “Helps to heat up my food in that fancy microwave,” he said, and Tony rolled his eyes—and action that not only weeks ago, Steve may have taken offence to, thought that Tony was calling him stupid. But spending time with Tony had been informative, and he now knew that Tony was just teasing him.
Steve said determinedly, holding Tony a little tighter, “we will make it back, Tony. Because we have a beautiful daughter to make it back for. I’d fight Thanos any day of the week to protect that, and I’d win.”
It wasn’t going to happen, and Steve had long since learned to accept that, but still. Sometimes, he really did just wish that there weren’t so many things out in the universe trying to kill them.
heart, not Steve’s.
A few meters back, the hatch opened, and Clint’s face looked back at them.
Tony shook his head, sitting up further. “No, it was my fault,” he said immediately, “you were emotional because I hurt you. You should have just told me it bothered you. I would’ve stopped.”
Tony smiled, half of it hidden into the pillow. “I’m objectifying you, duh.”
They had Peter. That was all that was going around in his head. AIM had Peter.
Tony thought back to a few weeks ago, when they’d been fighting said aliens. “They were the ones who smelled all weird, weren’t they?” he asked with  a frown, and Bruce nodded his confirmation. “Ew. Didn’t like those guys.”
But Steve figured he could use a little bit of mad, right now.
He swallowed back the doubts and marched forward, finding the stairwell he’d headed down a few hours previously. According to SHIELD protocol, Tony should still be on this floor. And if he wasn’t chained up to one of the interrogation rooms, he’d be in a holding cell.
Zeke just laughed, but the way he folded his arms defensively and backed up a few steps showed the truth. He quite obviously didn't fancy the thought of that. "The day I'll be scared of some worthless, drugged-up whore is the day hell freezes over," he spat, before turning on his heel and shoving through the crowd.
Ugh. He really hated this day.
The silence filled the room straight up, the holograph of Tony sitting staring at his knees being the only thing visible in Steve’s whole world. He wished… shit, he wished for so many things. A second try. Some more time. A two-way video, so Steve could talk back. He got none of that, though, and wishing would only make all this worse.
“This necklace is pretty much the most important and sentimental thing she ever gave me,” Tony said quietly, “and after she died, I never fucking took it off. Never. It was all I had left of her. Dad wanted it, and I said no. He hit me again and again and
With an incoherent mumble and one last messy kiss against Steve’s collar, Tony did. Steve let himself watch for a moment before he too shut his eyes and let sleep pull him under.
Her face twisted and she gripped tight to the edge of the tub. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me. This
Steve cracked a small smile. His thoughts had drifted to Tony again, surprise surprise. “Crystal,” he answered, hand going back to the door as Rhodey stepped through it. “Also, I’m just gonna formally apologize on Bucky’s behalf. I’m guessing from the last time you saw us all that your impression of him is- uh- not that great. But it was all just a misunderstanding and-“
Not that that really mattered much to the bot, whose one sole aim in life was to assist and care for Tony. Once he saw the bottle in Tony’s hands, he beeped loudly at a job well done and then rolled away again, probably to go and badly fold some of Tony’s underwear. Tony watched him for a second, until the buzz of his phone snapped him out of his space-out session and he moved on, looking semi-exasperatedly at the deluge of memes Clint had sent into the group chat. Natasha then responded telling him to shut the hell up, to which he answered with yet more memes.
Hypothetically, of course. Because Steve wouldn’t ever date Tony Stark.
Steve turned to Tony- but the other boy had tensed up, and when Steve raised an eyebrow, Tony… shook his head?
Together, they smoked, and held on to one another. Until the very end.
He heard Steve’s responding chuckle and turned his head, watching the man roll his eyes and then slip his sunglasses back onto his face as they reached the top of the hill and got hit with the sun’s glare. Tony felt kind of like a broken record at that point, but God, he’d never get over how beautiful Steve looked when he was relaxed. Out of the uniform, wearing a faded red Henley and running a hand through messy bedhead that he hadn’t bothered to flatten out that morning. The glasses framed his face well, and from the passenger seat Tony admired the sharpness of Steve’s jaw. That thing could cut glass if given half a chance.
not with Steve- but it didn’t matter. He guessed his reputation surpassed him, because it seemed as if Steve already assumed that he could. With some stupid fucking movie star that meant nothing.
“They’re all grumpy because we’re too affectionate and it makes their emotionally constipated asses uncomfortable,” Tony whispered quietly into his ear.
Steve felt that, in his gut. Under his ribs. Ripping him apart.
But that wasn’t something he really cared about. No, there were far more important things that he was mulling over right now.
Fuck, Tony was going to give him a heart attack and he'd probably die happy as long it meant he could just keep looking at him without a shirt on. Wow. He was... he was fucking gorgeous- toned muscle and strong arms and tanned skin that contrasted with each shadow and dip of his body. Artistically, Steve could admire the almost exact symmetry about him, the exquisite complimenting colors, the perfect proportion of everything. He hadn't thought like that about another person in months and months, but Tony... he was just too beautiful to ignore.
Not that he was feeling lucky about constantly seeing Tony. Because he wasn’t. He was…He was just indifferent. Blasé. Casual.
He took a deep breath, and then when that failed to calm him, he settled with grabbing the nearest mug and throwing it across the room, trying to expel all his anger out in the shards that flew out from impact. “Steve. I love you more than I ever thought I could ever love anything or anyone, and I will for the rest of my life. And I fucking
, for
He yelled.
, and it wasn’t going away, and that right now, what they were doing was unhealthy for both of them.
“Quit starin’, creep,” Steve said, not looking up from where he was plumping Peter’s little pillow, and Tony just grinned as he slipped off the bed and then padded over to wind his arms around Steve from behind, chin resting on the man’s shoulder.
“Nope.”
“I’m hungry,” Bruce complained, turning to Natasha and then resting his chin on her shoulder, “did you steal any candy for me?”
It was as simple as that, and Steve needed to get his head out of his ass.
“Yeah, that. And the- uh-“
The sky was dark outside. They should have been on the Quinjet home by now. Back to the safety of New York for Christmas. But Tony got the feeling that he wasn’t going anywhere any time soon, however, due to the fact that when he glanced down at his leg, he remembered everything that the poor limb had just gone through and came to the conclusion that it most certainly would not be up for any more movement today.
He shut his eyes again, concentrating on the noise of Tony’s heart and the gentle beat of a pulse against his thumb as it settled against Tony’s wrist. The dream was nothing but a distant memory. It was fine. Tony was fine. All he could hear was the sound of his lover’s beating heart, not his screaming voice. Not any more.
Apprehensively, Steve followed along, stepping out into the balcony overlooking the massive and overgrown garden. He hadn’t realised quite how big the house actually was- from this height, he could almost see above the treeline and over to the rest of the city, to the sun that was slowly sinking further toward the ground. He turned his head to Tony, and then yelped when he noticed the boy jumping onto the railing steadily, hand gripping at the side of the wall.
“Sir, requesting permission to-“
to know. And damn, JARVIS was right- he was down here, looking at Tony’s genius in action when barely anyone else even knew he was even smart- it was one hell of a telling gesture, when he thought about it.
Steve really just didn’t belong with a boy like Tony Stark. That much had been obvious tonight, when Steve had seen the tiniest of glimpses into the sort of circles Tony usually hung out in. Fur coats and Gucci socks and Lobster Thermidor, and what did Steve had to offer in retaliation? He didn’t even have a proper family, for Christ’s sake, and he could barely string the money together to buy a new toothbrush. He and his friends’ ideas of fun was going to hang out at the mall and occasionally shoplifting a candy bar from Walmart if they were all too broke to feed into the Cycle of Capitalism, as Natasha called it, with their own money. That wasn’t exactly the sort of thing a guy like Tony would probably enjoy. Not really. Even though he said he did, when they all hung out together.
a Jeep, seeing as Tony only ever drove around in his flashy sports models.
He sighed in despair. They wouldn’t change their minds, and he wasn’t in a fit enough state to argue with them about it. Their conversation alone had already sapped him of energy. The pain in his periphery kept becoming more and more prominent, and soon it would take over.
Then again, it had been weeks since they’d had some time to themselves. Tony was sure that the Avengers could handle this.
Another brittle laugh, and then, “You ask me to ‘tell me you need me’, but I don’t. i don’t need you. In the same way heroin addicts don’t need another fix, or I don’t need a coffee in the morning. I don’t fucking ‘need’ you- but I sure as hell wouldn’t know how to survive without you.”
“So what now?” Natasha asked when Steve was done, her eyes intent and a nail tapping repetitively against the table. He could tell her mind was working rapidly, flitting through different scenarios as each second passed.
Steve was a mess. That much was obvious.
“Pretty sure that wasn’t what Doctor Erksine wanted you to be, bud,” Tony waved off Steve’s self-deprecation easily while Steve just stared at him, confused. When Tony saw the look, he shrugged. “My dad was part of rebirth, remember? He told me everything that happened. Told me what Doctor Erksine said to you. ‘Not a perfect soldier, but—”
“Tony, it was an
“I feel like I’m about to find out, though.”
“I…” he didn’t know what he was going to say. Argue, maybe. He always argued. He could do arguing.
It wasn’t perfect, but Steve’s brain wasn’t working well enough to try and make it better, so he just pocketed his phone once it was done and tried desperately not to let his mind go into overdrive with the theories and thoughts about what Tony might be thinking in that moment. Did he already know that Steve was gone? Or was he going to go upstairs once the meeting was done, searching for Steve and coming up blank? Would he panic? What if he didn’t even check his phone?
“You know this has to happen,” Tony whispered after a second, and Steve looked up- up from the floor, over to his lover with a frantic rebuttal already forming on his lips. “You knew this had always been going to h-”
There was a nervous knocking, and Steve ceased his ceiling-staring in order to sit up on the bed and throw a slipper against the door as a warning. “Go away, Sam,” he called out, looking at the shadow under the crack of his door as it hovered uncertainly outside.
and last time… last time they’d been battling it out in Siberia, Steve had been coherent enough to only fight to incapacitate, and yet he’d
Steve frowned. “But all—the assets were all killed by Zemo back in 2016, that doesn’t make sense—” he paused, face falling. “Unless they’ve started up the program again.”
He’d sort it out. He just needed to get his head around what had happened to him first.
Tony jumped about a mile in the air, pulling away from Steve jerkily and choking a little. “
Then he was gone.
Steve gaped a little, looking over to Sam as he sat opposite them and grinned smugly. “Yeah, Steve, what
God, he just had to stop pissing around and work on getting his head fixed. Removing the stupid cognitive block. He desperately needed Iron Man back, before he lost them all for good. Maybe it was in his head, but they just… they didn’t seem interested. If this bullshit carried on any longer he was going to start losing them for good. They were going to see him for what he really was: someone not worth having around. And if they’d already seen War Machine in action, then he barely stood a hope in hell even if he did manage to retrieve his memories of the suit. Rhodey was just… a better fit. It was clear from the way they all spoke of him; with such high regard and admiration in their voices.
“Yeah, Steve, please do that,” there was a sudden shuffling down the line, and then the sound of a fast pattering noise, like…fingers on a keyboard? “I’m gonna track your phone. I need you to keep the line open though. It’ll only take a minute.”
Tony sighed deeply, shutting his eyes. “Steve-“
Sam paused, eyes narrowing slightly as he looked over Steve. But it seemed he believed him- at least a little bit- because in the end he just sighed and walked forward, throwing himself on Steve’s bed dramatically. “Well good, because Nat and Clint are coming over today for a study session, and I’m pretty sure they’re bringing friends. So you can either stay up here and suffer alone, or you can pool your suffering into a larger area and share it with a bunch of other people.”
Steve delicately lifted Tony’s shirt, despite Tony’s weak verbal protest, and gasped as he saw the bruises which mottled Tony’s right-hand side. They were an angry, deep purple; running from waist to-
Steve could hear that from the incessant ‘help me up’s he was commanding toward Clint in the room with him. He looked down at his hands and pushed them deep into the pockets of his hoodie. “I’m sorry,” he said again, the same phrase he must have said a thousand times before by that point, “I don’t know what to do.”
Tony chuckled and then looked over to Sam with a shrug. “Wanna go, Wilson?” He asked with a wiggle of his eyebrows, and then Steve laughed at the sight of Sam’s face dropping a little as he held his hands up in the air.
He took a breath and raised his courage, lifting his head up and then tilting Steve’s head downward with his hand. Slowly, he pressed a small and almost nervous kiss against Steve’s mouth. Steve smiled against it and kissed back, his lips warm and soft and strangely familiar, despite the fact Tony had never done this before. It felt like this was normal, like it was simply meant to be.
He raised a hand and pointed North, squinting through the heavy smoke and watching as the alien star glowed deep red through the atmosphere, bathing the foreign planet they were trapped on in a blood-red that should have just added to the fear.
There was no response, but Tony heard the smallest hitch of breath, rapid and shaky. Tony made his way around the machine until he got Steve in his sights, then held back the gasp that threatened to spill from his lips.
Tony huffed. “I’m never wrong.”
Oh, fuck.
It was obvious who Thor was talking about once Steve heard him say that, and he shut his eyes. “Loki,” he murmured.
Fingers stretched out across cold mattress, finding it empty.
“Scar’s healing up nicely,” he continued, patting his midsection, and Steve felt like there must have been 12 other messages that hadn’t gotten through which explained that, “no infection, and again, Nebula was useful in patching me up so I didn’t just bleed to death in the ship. Gotta get her some flowers or something. Uh…” He looked down at his hands and inspected his nails, a nervous habit of his when he was gearing up to say something. Steve just waited. They all did. “Uh, I’m pretty sure this message will get to someone some day. However long it takes for the transmission to cross the galaxy. I’ve amped up the signal as much as I can, but… I dunno how much longer I’ve got up here. Oxygen’s running out. Food’s low. There’s a chance that I’m—that this recording is coming from a ghost now.”
It had overwhelmed him the first time, and that feeling hadn’t changed much the second time ‘round either. Steve was still finding his jaw dropping in awe as he stared up at the grand building in front of him.
Tony looked to Thor, and he nodded silently, knowing what Tony meant.
He was on leave, officially. Director Fury said he needed a break, time to readjust.
‘hey hey, calm down- they can’t hurt you any more’
That only made Steve laugh harder, and he tilted his head backward, patting Tony’s cheek. “Sex later, sleep first,” he said firmly as he shut his eyes and then settled down in Tony’s arms.
“Quick, quick, put this around your sketchbook,” was all he got in response, and then a soft towel was placed into his hands, “try and get it dry. And whilst you’re at it-”
from him that it hurt just to think about. But here, now… it wasn’t so bad, now that Steve had just allowed himself to get attached. Tony had become his best friend of this new time, and his sharp teasing and gentle smiles and explosive temperament had found itself lodging right into Steve’s heart, becoming something he didn’t want to live without. The new world was terrifying and big and lonely, but staying in the tower with Tony had been the best decision he could have made. It gave him purpose. It gave him… hope.
. Christ, why did he have to say the worst fucking things?
Someone walked into the hall at that moment, and Steve turned to look at them. Late to the late detention, he thought with a huff- that was pretty amusing. However, when his eyes locked on Zeke’s from across the room, he lost all sense of humor.
Steve gasped in surprise, hands rising to curl around Tony’s arms as he was pushed back a little by Tony’s weight against him. His mouth was warm, lips soft, and it felt like he was smiling as their teeth bumped slightly.
His words were finally stopped as Tony put a hand down gently over his mouth. The man was smiling as if trying to hold it back, his corners ticking up and his eyes going soft as he shook his head. “I love you too. And I’m sorry too. For giving up so easily in the end, for not being there when you needed me. I thought space would help, but it made things worse, and by the time I realised that, you were too far away from me. But I’ve learned. I’m different now. I don’t run from my problems any more.”
He turned on his heel and didn’t look back; pushing through the crowds on the sidewalk quickly and easily. Tony called his name again; although now muffled by the people in between them, it was easier to ignore.
“Suck my ass, you big fat jerk, I’ve told you a million times, I was
He watched it through, unable to even remember their names correctly for a good ten minutes. He must have been fucking wasted. Pepper said that PR were handling it and the police were doing their usual investigative bullshit, but Tony happened to glance at the stocks and realised that none of it really mattered by that point. The damage had been fucking done.
Steve looked at him in surprise. He couldn’t have imagined Pepper- with her immaculate dress and perfect ponytail and professional demeanor, sitting in Howard Stark’s office and getting high with Tony. “Really?”
It was pretty neat, to say the least.
Steve nodded slowly, eyes automatically falling shut as Tony leaned in and kissed him again, seemingly unable to resist. Although sat on the desk, Tony was still at least a head taller- and really, that shouldn’t have been hot. It shouldn’t. But everything Tony embodied suddenly just seemed utterly irresistible, and Steve couldn’t stop himself from groaning a little as Tony braced his hands against either side of Steve’s thighs and leaned forward, pushing Steve back further and forcing him to wind his hands around Tony’s shoulders in order to keep himself balanced.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said again after a while, shaking his head and pulling away, looking at the floor, “I… for everything.”
“-Dear God, Thor, did you smoke crack again?”
They were silent as Tony led them through into the kitchen, his hand on Steve’s arm an almost burning heat. It was all so absurd. Everything Steve had spent so long tucking away into a tightly-packed corner of his mind was now threatening to spill right out again; every repressed emotion and aching need flashing across his periphery. But he kept his face empty of any of that, focusing on keeping the worry and fear there instead. He
, “please, you have to… I don’t know what to do.”
He and Tony were a fluid power, fighting and communicating and battling as one. Natasha and Clint still spent most of their time at SHIELD base, and Thor tended to gallivant wherever he pleased, but seeing as Steve had ended up shacking up in the Avengers Tower, Bruce had ended up following suit a few months later, and the Tower had quickly become their base of operations.
It didn’t take long for him to finish up- Tony had done most of the work himself at some point, it seemed. But it made feel Steve a little better anyway- it was the least he could do, considering Tony had yet again put everything on the line in order to do something for Steve.
“I hate you, Tony,” Clint said from behind them, and both he and Steve rolled their eye simultaneously as the archer trudged into the room, “I do not get up anywhere close to this time unless the world is ending. What the hell is the problem?”
. It sucked for everyone and I don’t know how many times I’m going to have to tell you that it wasn’t all your fault, but I’ll keep saying it until you believe me. Steve,
“You know,” he said loudly once he got to the door, hands working at the lock and yanking it open, “most people wait until the sun’s properly risen to do social calls, just so they can avoid the annoying process of having to wake some innocent boy u- oh.”
“Shhhh,” Tony said soothingly, and Steve had no idea how Tony had even known to come in, whether JARVIS had alerted him or it’d just been a lucky coincidence, but God, Steve was glad he was here, “Shh, it’s okay, it’s alright, don’t apologise. I’ve got you. You’re safe.”
He shook his head and shot one last fleeting glance upward; watching Polaris glitter through the atmosphere.
“Well that’s a complete fucking lie,” Steve blurted, snorting in disbelief. Tony couldn’t have been fucking serious with that, surely?
Steve stopped, bewildered. What was Tony talking about?
“But there
Steve smiled at him and then stood slowly, holding out his hand. Tony tried to compose himself a little, taking one last look at the blueprints before grabbing Steve’s hand and letting the man pull him up. They walked out of the building like that; Tony keeping his eyes on the floor, trying not to imagine the last few stragglers looking at him as he and Steve made their way to the garage on the bottom floor. He wasn’t even sure why he cared, but it felt like a dozen eyes were burning holes into the back of him as they stared. He always got paranoid after leaks to the press.
He thought Steve might look at him a little strangely for that admission, but the man just sighed in relief and stood up, nodding. “Me too,” he whispered, “God, come on. JARVIS, pack up in here for us, will you?”
This was a tricky one, see- it was notoriously difficult for an infamous mob boss like himself to stick to his morals, because there would always be an occasion in which he would end up having to abandon them for the sake of the cause. He’d strayed from his path a few times too many- he knew that. But when you got caught up in the life he did, it was bound to happen. He was trying his best, though. And to this day, he knew he had never spilled a drop of innocent blood. Everyone who ended up on his radar ended up there for a reason, and they were not good ones.
“Steeeve,” he started one night, while laying across the other boy’s lap and chewing on a bowl of popcorn, “can we put a horror movie on?”
He sighed. That Agent had had so much potential.
“Uhh, ‘we’?” Clint sputtered as Natasha pulled him out of the circle, “I think we’ll find only one of us forgot to meet the deadline, actually-“
Steve hummed, realising that must be where the incessant low-frequency humming was coming from. Tony pulled himself back under the belly of the contraption a few seconds later until only his ankles remained visible, and Steve took another second to stare up at the first draft Tony had seemingly knocked up in nothing more than a few days, before simply shaking his head and then veering off to the left where the couch was pressed against the wall. He got comfortable amongst the worn out leather and old blankets, and he and Tony struck up relaxed conversation as the both of them worked. It was simple and easy, interspersed with comfortable silences and occasional snack-breaks. Steve had been trying to teach DUM-E how to make a sandwich for about five months now.
What was he trying to tell himself here? That Tony felt the same way? It was… just thinking about it was ridiculous, it didn’t even deserve to be contemplated, really. But- but he couldn’t deny what he was looking at, in that one second- it was like a moment of complete totality for Steve. It was all he could see. It was the way Steve looked at Tony, reflected back in the other boy’s eyes.
find Tony- whether Bucky attempted to stop him or not.
That meant it would be a good ten minutes until Steve could reach them in these conditions.
I’m fine, Tony- now I need to go and find Clint and apologize, so if you wouldn’t mind-” Steve pulled Tony’s hands away, jumping to his feet briskly and refusing to look either Thor or Tony in the eye as he strode out of the room.
Steve spluttered for a moment, before landing with a solid “what the fuck? Uh, since when could you even drive? Since when did you even have the money for this? Since… why?”
Howard spat,
“Peter,” he said casually, “and before you ask, the thing in his hand is deweaponized. Apparently.”
Sam looked vaguely surprised, but after a few moments he just shook his head and blinked a few times. “Well, are you alright now?” He asked, and Steve couldn’t help but smile- always looking out for him, was Sam.
think I would.”
The other man didn’t say anything; just sighed and let his eyes flutter shut.
Tony eyed him for a moment, worrying his lip underneath his front teeth as he mulled it over. “Definitely good wifi?” He asked quietly, and Steve smiled in triumph as he nodded and sat up, rolling off Tony’s side in order to land on the floor and pull out their suitcases from under the bed.
Steve just shrugged, squeezing their hands together. “Yeah, no worries,” he said, “I’ll probably go take a bath or something.”
“What I’m
the Wrecking Crew on the loose in the city. Happy was more than capable of looking after him for an hour or two, anyway.
“But I love you,” Tony told him, numb and pleading, like that alone could change Steve’s mind and make him stay.
The man sighed, pulling Tony into his arms and rolling his knees up so they were pressed against the back of Tony’s own. His nosed along Tony’s spine, kissing his shoulder. “Okay, maybe you do. But don’t you think it’ll be easier to deal with when you’re not running on half an hour of sleep and the adrenaline sourced from a day of panic-attacks?”
“And your dad… that was just what he did. That was… he was something I couldn’t solve. Unpredictable and impulsive and a real goddamn idiot sometimes, but I learnt how to see the good sides of it, rather than searching so hard for the bad. It started being less like water and oil and more like a well-fitted machine. We were still totally different people, with totally different upbringings and outlooks- but we
“What? Steve, holy shit- who are you with?” Bucky asked worriedly.
“Perks of being a billionaire,” Tony answered, and then Steve heard quiet footfalls coming closer and shut his eyes once more, rubbing a hand across closed eyelids.
There was a brief moment where he waited for Tony to stop sputtering. “You sap,” the other man said, looking slightly bashful as he rubbed at his neck and shoved Steve lightly, “let’s get out of this ugly little vehicle and see what our paradise is going to be for the next week.”
Tony knew that walk. It wasn’t Bruce’s.
Above him, Clint’s face was changing from relaxed to alert as he took in Steve’s expression. His hands lifted, he said something, but Steve couldn’t hear him. “Tell me I didn’t,” he whispered, unable to say the name, but seeing in his mind’s eye the suit that Steve had wrapped his hands around, the red & gold he’d aimed for.
“But I’m awake now,” Steve said sullenly, “why would I try and get back to-” he glanced down at Tony’s face- saw the way he was raising his eyebrows and biting his lip softly as he leaned further into Steve’s space, and the penny dropped suddenly, “-oh! Oh. Okay.
Steve shot him a look. “We don’t even know how many there are here.”
“The combination of mustard yellow and bright green is one of the biggest fashion crimes of the century and if you had any sense, you would burn it to a cinder,” Thor told him anyway, whilst Steve just stuck his tongue out and wrapped the fabric tighter around his neck.
Oh God. Oh God, why did he ever talk? At all? What good ever came from him saying things-
“Steve?” And that was his teacher calling him, shit- he jerked his head back off the desk and then blinked at the empty classroom. “Did you not hear the bell?”
Clint had asked incredulously.
Tony was, incidentally, sat three rows ahead of him; leaning back lazily on the chair as he twirled a pen effortlessly between agile fingers. He also hadn’t acknowledged Steve at all- same treatment that he’d been getting ever since he’d seen Tony last, crashing on his couch after the emotional breakdown.
“Anything worth taking will be stored in the underground levels.”
Tony didn’t say anything for a few seconds, and then Steve head a shuffling on the other end of the line. “Hey, so, don’t freak out.”
Later- once Tony had finished messing around with the makeup and his hair in the bathroom (Steve hadn't realized the Messy Yet Effortless look took quite so much... effort) and they were finally walking out of the door, Steve suddenly found himself face to face with a Tony Stark that wore the kind of smile on his face that undoubtedly spelled trouble. He leaned back against his bike and looked at Steve over his sunglasses, and Steve just sighed and stared at him in what was supposed to be exasperation, but probably ended up looking more like excited curiosity.
“Tony, you’ve got to understand how it affects
Steve huffed, leaning back against the wall of tower and looking down at the buildings. Tony spared him a glance; the orange light bouncing off his face, the breeze whipping up the hairs that strayed across his forehead and the smile on his lips that had been there pretty much permanently since the day had begun.
“I do not like the insinuation there at all,” Tony told him, even as his hands moved and curled around Steve’s neck, “make it up to me right now.”
Steve tried to imagine. He tried to imagine what it would be like to watch the documentary of his own mom’s gradual decline in health; watch her waste away on camera with a narrator explaining every detail, until the event of her actual death, where he’d have to watch them declare her deceased on the bed of the hospital-
Bucky raised his hands, stepping back slightly. “I promise I’ll do my very best to try wind my neck in in future.”
“Yes, well then I’ll remind him, won’t I,” Tony snapped, turning the corner in the stairwell and then swallowing when another mound of bodies came into view. He paused for a moment, and then bit his lip. “But to be safe… Primary user override: Anthony Edward Stark. Disable all external command features. Disable User Captain Steve Rogers. Disable all external access codes. Complete Lockdown mode, J.”
She grunted again. "Time means nothing here."
I would want more than to come back home to you. But you can’t want this. Not after… why would you?”
Steve just smiled, sitting back a little. Tony turned to face him, hunching his knees up to his chest and then wrapping his arms loosely around them. “Do I look good as new?” He asked.
Steve just laughed and rolled his eyes, sinking back into the couch. “Yeah,” he mumbled, “you do that.”
!” Tony laughed, pointing up to the rafters that were jutting out a few feet above him. “Look- we’re going to the roof, see? It’s easy, don’t worry, I do this all the time.”
Bucky just laughed, shaking his head and patting her on the shoulder. "Seeing as I'm probably gonna be pretty unlucky with the search for a man worthy of Peggy Carter, I'll just have to cut down on my spams of Nat's feet, I guess. I could probably do that. And hey, at least there's only one of me doing it! Steve's keepin' it private, so you don't even have to worry about him."
Steve felt warm at the sight of it all, and he smiled when Jane passed him and randomly tossed a packet of chips in his direction. There were about 20 packs stacked in her hands- Steve guessed she had been Thor’s helper in the delivery of the snacks.
No. No, there was no way.
Tony changed the kid’s diaper quickly and efficiently, muttering under his breath throughout the whole ordeal. Peter was content to simply kick his legs and generally be a pain in the ass, but Tony managed to hold his attention long enough to strap a new diaper on, and a minute later the suffering was over and he had a fresh baby sat on the table. He looked up and realised Steve had been watching the whole time, and raised an eyebrow. “Taking notes?”
Steve frowned, walking forward. “Thor, are you okay? You told me you don’t smoke unless you’re, y’know… sad. Or stressed.”
The rest of his sentence failed to leave his throat, as Rumlow chose that moment to do an admittedly amazing flip, dislodging Steve’s grip on his arm and then somehow ending up reversing the manoeuvre that had been used on him, resulting with Steve being the one in the chokehold instead. Before he could even hope to counter, Rumlow snaked his fingers around Steve’s waist, digging right into the deep cut he’d created a minute earlier. Steve screamed.
Later that night, Steve lay flat out on Tony’s king-sized bed, staring up at the ceiling while Tony trailed absent patterns across his chest. A light sheen of sweat coated his skin, and everything felt so light and airy, relaxed in a way he hadn’t been in so long. He ached a little, but it was okay. It was a good ache.
Steve huffed and began to walk forward, hearing Tony fall into step beside him as he did so. The owners had said they’d leave the keys in the plant pot on the windowsill, and after a bit of rummaging he managed to locate them with a flourish, jimmying it into the lock and getting the thick oak door open a second later. “Temporary home sweet temporary home.”
“No, I’m just calling you delusional,” Ty hissed, pushing forward once more, “you don’t know what you’re fucking doing. When are you going to give this shit up? We’ve all been patient, we’ve all let you work through this- this stupid thing you have going on with Rogers and all his
The comment was a throwaway, and Tony was already moving across the room and grabbing his coat like what he’d just said hadn’t even held any weight.
This should never have happened. But it had, and now their only option left was damage control.
“Oh, it’s
“Are you sure you can handle—”
Steve yelped and Tony stepped back, eyes instantly wary. “I didn’t come for a fight, Barnes,” he began, but Bucky just waved him off, immune to both Steve and Sam’s calls as he marched forward.
“No, seriously, it’s not anything g-“
Steve, I shoved you under my bed and ordered to you stay there for three hours. I didn’t even… and I came back and there was blood all over my fucking room and you were gone and I was just-“
Tony just wanted to keep him safe.
There was a second of silence as he stood there, shin-deep in snow and searching the immediate area, before he heard a faint noise. Indistinguishable and far away. Male. Steve called again.
Steve just laughs, and kisses the top of Tony’s head. “love you too.”
get to put their hands on Tony in the foreseeable future, then that was just an added bonus, really.
“Sorry,” Steve muttered again, feeling his cheeks go red, “I’ll go fetch some new sheets in the morning-“
Wow. Was this a relationship, then? Is that what they were calling it? Was Tony Steve’s boyfriend?
-“ Steve started in exasperation, but Tony just shook his head at Steve and smiled.
Steve just grumbled something unintelligible, kissing Tony’s forehead again before nudging him backward. Happy had stopped off at Wendy’s, so Tony was just gonna take the two-minute walk and meet him there. “Call me when you land,” Steve said, “and be back in time for Christmas or I’ll be having words with Mr. Kobayashi.”
Three hours later, and Steve was still in his room when he heard another, louder knocking against his door.
“I was asking why you were up,” Tony said again, coming to sit next to Steve on the couch as the 5am news bulletin played in front of them.
“Intentional or not, I did,” Tony tilted his head to the side and then kissed Steve’s temple. “I’m sorry my life is so messy. I wish I didn’t have to put that on you.”
Tony huffed, laying his head back down on the bed. “They’ve taken Iron Man away from me,” he said, swallowing down the lump in his throat and smiling, “they fucking…I can’t even
“Yeah, idiot, it’s yours,” Sam rolled over and snatched the phone from his back pocket. Steve went to grab it, but Sam pulled his hand away, eyebrows raising smugly. “Oh, and guess who it is?”
Steve shut his eyes and let his head loll forward onto the desk, counting seconds in his head. To the left of him, someone was tapping incessantly, and he was about three seconds away from standing up and snapping whatever was making the noise, be it pencils or fingers.
Steve thought back to Tony and Bucky’s first meeting- and yeah, okay, maybe he should have cleared things up way back then, fuck, is that what had stopped Tony from making a move all this time? They could’ve been… for
And so, biting his lip to keep himself from saying anything more to further upset the other man, Steve curled his hand around Tony’s good arm and then gently lifted him up, hearing him wince as he did so. “Yesterday, you called the Iron Man suit,” Steve started, walking Tony over to the door, “can you do that now?”
Tony laughed, but this one was harsh. Steve had heard it only a handful of times before. “Howard Stark doesn’t give a single shit about anyone but himself,” he spat, the slur of his words, the drunken rage only adding to his feeling, “the last half a fuck he gave died with Mom, and I was left with the weight of all his focus, all his goddamned anger- what was a fourteen-fucking-year old kid supposed to do with the weight of all that blame? ‘Cause he did- he blamed me,” Tony giggled, shaking his head and sighing like he’d heard a good joke- and Steve didn’t know why he did that, why he kept bursting out into laughter, but maybe that was just the way Tony dealt with things. Or maybe he just found a sort of morbid amusement to all of it.
“Hey Tony,” he said as the other boy was about to call off, “I, uh… I really love you. Like. A lot.”
He squeezed Tony’s ass, smiling as the man groaned softly, and then couldn’t help but laugh in amusement as he listened to the shuffling sounds of his friends hastily backing out of the room. “Please don’t have sex in the hospital,” Bruce pleaded with them as the door swung back open again.
Thor was quiet. Around them, the rain had finally stopped completely, leaving only the sound of heavy patters of rain dropping off surfaces and sinking through to the grass.
Steve’s eyebrows went high. “You haven’t been home in four days?” He asked incredulously.
The next message he got was just a close-up of Nat’s middle finger, and he rolled his eyes fondly. Hey, at least they amused themselves. He didn’t particularly fancy third wheeling on them though, thinking about it- those two were notoriously bad at reigning in their PDA.
All he could think of was how pale Tony had been. Bruce said he’d lost a lot of blood; that he’d been in and out of consciousness over the last few hours, but he didn’t seem to be coming out of this last bout of sleep this time. His body was weakening, fighting a dozen different problems at once. But it was going to be fine. Tony would be fine, help would arrive, and then Steve could finally do what he’d been meaning to do for months and just ask the man on a date. He’d been so cowardly about it; hoping that Tony might move first, wondering if Tony even liked him at all—but now he could see it, clear as day. He should have done it months ago. Should have done it as soon as he felt it.
Steve just blinked a few times, until a second later JARVIS finished: “Ah- Sir has also not quite completed my personality parameters yet. That was a joke, Mr Rogers. I apologize. Sir is still in the process of smoothing out any bugs.”
Tony stopped, and his face fell a little. Steve felt guilty almost immediately- it wasn’t really his place to judge what Tony-
“Why the fuck not,” Steve cut in, his voice low, edging on hysterical as he tried to breathe, “I can go back and this never needs to happen. This can be a dream. This can be gone in a minute if
This December, he was spending it without her.
“Shut up and go get some breakfast, punk,” was all Bucky answered with, patting him sharply on the back. Steve rolled his eyes, but turned off into the kitchen all the same- only to be stopped when Bucky’s hand curled around his shoulder.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded in understanding and then lifted up his arm, hand outstretched. He smiled over at Tony gently. “C’mere, Shellhead.”
He stilled when Tony’s hand moved to cup around his face, a thumb brushing over the warmth of his cheek. “I really do love that blush,” he said quietly, head cocking to the side a little like he always did when he analyzed Steve. He just let himself watch- the way Tony’s eyes flicked minutely over each area of his face, how his lip twitched in amusement. There was a second of silence, and then Tony dropped his hand, blinking out of the little haze he’d just found himself caught in. “Okay. Seriously. Food. Now.”
Steve had always been careful.
Steve didn’t respond for a beat. He looked up to the roof instead, and usually it would be an indication that he was about to speak to JARVIS, but he didn’t. Tony got the feeling he was thinking of the little baby boy that was currently sleeping soundly in their room, tucked up under a soft blankey and wrapped in a sleepsuit covered with little toy ducks.
cheat, not in a million years,
“We have the entire day,” Steve informed him, mouth turning to Tony’s ear as his hands settled comfortably on the taller boy’s shoulders. He kissed along Tony’s jaw lightly, unable to stop smiling at the sound of Tony’s laughter. He
“Well, that was certainly not what I expected,” Peggy admitted, mouth slightly parted.
Steve shut his eyes and contemplated just making a break for it out of the window, but he knew it was a futile effort. She’d no doubt be waiting for him when he got down. Peggy was insufferable like that.
With a shrug, he pulled out his snack and then began walking back over to his table.
There was that ache, back in his heart again. He realized with a pang that there was still so much about Tony that he didn’t know. So much that he really
“Uhm,
“Steve, I’ve been in love with you since I was twelve,” Tony told him blankly, squinting at him even though it hurt like a bitch, “I kind of thought you knew, if I’m being honest.”
“Yes,” Bucky assured him, “you didn’t let him fall. I swear. It wasn’t your fault.”
You didn’t ask that in the middle of something like this.
pretty sure that both of you need to stop squabbling and join in the group hug,” Pops muttered, giving them both a shake and then screaming as Peter and his Dad both dug into opposing ribs at the same time.
When Steve still looked at him with the flutter of doubt, Tony stepped forward and put his hand on Steve’s cheek. “I promise,” he said desperately, “I am utterly head over heels, madly stupidly embarrassingly crazy for you, Steve, I’m not sure whether or not you noticed-”
He spared one look behind him before turning the corner again, and noted with an (admittedly very self-satisfied) smile on his face that Tony was still stuck to the spot Steve had left him in, staring up at him with a dropped jaw as Heather Whateverthefuck attempted to pull his interest back to her.
Steve swallowed. “Fine. I’ve had worse.”
Steve leaned away a fraction and looked at him, his gaze flicking down to the purple bags which circled Tony’s eyes. He frowned. “You been sleeping?” He asked, and from the way his face was set, Tony figured he probably already knew the answer.
. It broke our hearts. And Bucky- he was so desperate to keep you safe, to look after you, it was all he did, all he focused on, for
He shoved his way out of the doors, stepping out into cool morning air and feeling his skin pebble with goosebumps. Then he sighed. “Fuck, I forgot the keys—”
“Hey, hey,” Tony’s mouth turned upward, and he looked sideways to Steve, raising an eyebrow, “in all fairness, I promised to get all your stuff back of my own accord. Everything I’ve done for you has been of my own accord, actually, so don’t go getting all guilty on me Rogers. I think after acting like an asshole yesterday, I'm sort of deserving of the ass-beating I got.”
Anyway, they noticed it immediately. Natasha just raised an eyebrow, but Clint was an asshole, so Clint wolf-whistled and jostled Steve’s shoulder, making him turn from where he was busily preparing his breakfast in order to look in their direction. Tony, still pretty much sleepwalking at that point, just tried to zoom in on the coffee and direct his body toward it. He doesn’t notice everyone staring, or Steve’s progressively reddening cheeks.
, obviously, he knew Steve would never hurt him. And anyway- Steve probably had a point. Tony should have been more careful, more considerate. Steve got worried easily, and Tony knew that, and he should have been... better, about all of it. Now Steve was upset. Upset enough to be looking at Tony like
Steve opened his mouth to argue, but then Darcy slid her own plate to Sam and pushed him in the back. “Go forth, Rogers. If any sexting happens, call me up.”
Clint stuck out his tongue at her. “Why were you poking me in the ass then, pray tell?”
Steve had the niggling feeling that he might have gotten involved in something he wasn’t quite ready to handle just yet. But it was too late to back out now anyway. He was in.
Steve gave him a look. “Tony, I—uh, I really think he might.”
,” he stormed on, “this weird orb thingy is, as far as I can tell, what was responsible for their hive-mind functions. I’m not sure how they managed to meld an entire army to it, but there you go. Possibly some sort of registry that only they were attuned to. It’s difficult to work it out when I’ve got no aliens left to ask. But from the effects we saw on the army themselves, it was pretty... violent. Lots of rage in those guys. The Hulk didn’t like the way they howled.”
"Oh, those are some famous last words," Bruce said with a small grin, patting Steve on the shoulder before backing up. "I'll be up early so we can get started on the DNA testing. For now, I think that everyone should get back to bed. It's late."
He caught it absently in his fist and then popped it into his mouth, much to Clint’s annoyance. “Sometimes people do this thing called work, Barton. It’s actually pretty productive, you should try it sometime.”
His heart did a little spasm in his chest, and he sighed, thumb hovering over the answer button for a few seconds before he pressed down on it. Might as well get it over with now- the excuse, the apology Tony had undoubtedly already prepared. Steve would accept it, of course he would. It was
Steve ended up spending a lot of his time in Tony’s workshop, after that. What had initially started out as a work-partnership in order for Steve to try and track down his long-dead best friend, became something of a… habit. Steve could admit, he didn’t have much in this time, didn’t have a place to call home or a comforting spot that made him feel just that little bit less alone. He’d been all set to head out, after the fight in New York. See some of what America had become. But then he’d gotten sidetracked with the whole searching thing, and Tony had offered up a guest bedroom in the tower for Steve after they’d spent the whole night down in the shop, Tony slowly explaining some of the new tech in the world, and it had kind of… stuck.
“Don’t think about it, sweetheart,” Tony told him soothingly, rocking them both back and forth in a constant motion, “just don’t think about it. Not right now. I’m sorry that I scared you. I’m sorry I didn’t realize that was where you were coming from after, either. I’m a bit of an asshole, if you hadn’t noticed- tend to get a little self centred if I’m left to my own devices.” He laughed lightly and then cupped his hand around the back of Steve’s sweaty neck, his grip firm and grounding. “But I’m here now, alright? And I’m not leaving. I promise.”
Tony huffed, leaning forward against the table again. Steve noticed a chain flash around his neck; the same one as what he’d shown Steve yesterday. “Fucking
“They took something important, didn’t they?” He said quietly.
“Steve?” Thor called out his name as he pulled up outside their school fifteen minutes later, looking at him with concern, “are you sure you’re up for going today? I know what Mr. Wilson said, but I’m sure if you—”
“What?”
“Stop what?”
Of course, two seconds later it was ruined as the door Steve had been leaning against was yanked open, sending him tumbling backward and into Peggy’s waiting arms. She latched on to his flailing hands, pulling him in with an excited yell. “Oh God, you finally ballsed up and kissed the boy!”
Bucky nodded firmly, leaning against the wall and shoving his hands into his pockets. “We need that Tin Can, after all,” he said, “who’s gonna cover my ass from above without him?”
“I’m sorry,” he said in the end, his voice quiet, “I didn’t think, I guess.”
He blinked, feeling that familiar hand as it settled on his shoulder. Fuck, he was awake. Or was he? He couldn’t tell. His face was wet. Crying.
“You’re laughing at my noises.”
With nothing else to do, Steve just nodded slowly. Seemingly satisfied, Peter uncrossed his arms and then started backing away, saluting Steve as he went. “Gotta get back or I’ll miss Reed blowing a gasket when Tony calls him an unimaginative cretin in French!” He said, skipping down the halls.
Three days, and Steve felt like he was going insane.
“I don’t…
“I have to go,” he mumbled, because it was too much. He didn’t have the right to break in front of Tony, but he couldn’t keep everything in any longer. He was bubbling over, torn apart from the inside out, God,
that Steve probably blamed him for letting it get that far, but Tony just—
It was understandable, to be fair. Steve really wasn’t much. And Tony… well, he quite obviously was. Steve had always known that, from the very first moment of meeting him. Tony was loud and bright and colorful and explosive and he
The whole team. Meticulously trawling through their histories, their triggers, their responses to bad missions or guilt or loss. It takes him 6 nights of no sleep.
Tony looked at him for a moment, before making a face. “Uh, maybe something to do with the fact that he immediately tried to start a fight with me after I drove you home and told me to stay away from you on pain of death? And you told me you loved him?”
okay for someone to make you feel upset on purpose.”
Atop his chest, Tony stilled and was silent for a moment. Steve waited for a second before wondering whether it was pushing too far and beginning to start on a different subject matter, but then Tony shrugged, and that was answer enough. Steve watched his gaze avert, moving to Steve’s chest as he traced a small circle into the skin just above his sternum. “Just some kids from college,” he muttered, “only knew them from physics class, we were all pretty drunk, you know how it is. My legal team’s trying to track them down now.”
out of trouble too, and then where will we be?”
“Sleep,” Steve muttered, kissing his shoulder absently.
“I’d rather not risk it, thanks,” Tony jumped down the staircase and grabbed another denim jacket from the coat-hanger by the door, “I’ll take this one, you take that one. Then we are both appropriately equipped for riding around New York.”
“Alright,” Rhodey clapped his hands, game-face on, “come on team—let’s go get my best friend back home.”
He shut his eyes and shook the thought from his head, bidding Natasha goodnight as he and Steve slowly plodded up to their room together. It was nearly midnight, and the world was quiet, save for their footsteps on the carpet and Peter’s gentle breathing in his ear. Tony listened in to the steady back and forth of his breaths while his mind wandered at a million miles a minute over everything he'd been preoccupied with over the past few days. Ever since the LMD's had shown up on their doorstep, they’d been attempting to track down the AIM faction that was responsible for both sending them and producing Peter in the first place, but they’d been coming up blank with every search. Wherever or whoever they were, not only were they advanced enough to be successfully creating superhumans, but they were also irritatingly good at covering all of their tracks. So far, none of SHIELD's resources or intel was coming in useful, and not even Tony could drag out any scraps from the dark-web about anything of the sort. He'd put in a request to view the phone of the woman who'd ended up getting shot in the hotel, wondering if maybe there was anything on it that he'd be able to use, but the FBI were being dicks about that, and so it was gonna be a few days before Tony would be able to get his hands on that. The worst thing was that by that point, all the information would probably be fucking tainted anyway. A phone was as sensitive to disturbance as any other crime scene, and Tony was pretty fucking certain an FBI rookie would have already contaminated 80% of the evidence as soon as they'd broken into the damn thing.
The bullet might not have killed him. It might not have killed him.
They went back home empty handed.
In his frustration, Steve threw back his hands and let them flop uselessly over his headboard.
Richards said nothing. His hair, usually well-kempt and slicked back, was fuzzy and irregular. He leaned heavily onto his left side— Steve remembered hearing of a fight between the Fantastic Four and Victor Von Doom a few days ago. He filed the injury away quietly.
“Because the buses are cancelled thanks to the snow and Bucky’s going to be here in about five minutes, so we might as well just wait for him,” Natasha said, whilst her fingers zipped quickly along her phone. She was wearing a thin leather jacket and a lacy shirt, and yet was the only one of them who seemed unaffected by the cold. Because she was a witch. Steve was sure of it.
Steve rolled his eyes- of course that was what they’d start with. Was he ever going to be able to go a day without something popping up about him? “No, you’re not allowed to ask,” he told him, “because we’re just friends-“
to apologize. He was… he was so strong, and he’d just- when he’d run at Clint like that, it must have been scary as hell.
“As if you’d ever be able to do that,” Tony laughed, patting Thor on the back, “you enjoy breaking the rules too much to try and stop me.”
Steve nodded. “There’s a burger bar at the end of the street. You can head there now, if you want. I can meet you in a minute- I’d just like a moment alone, if that’s alright.”
And then, of course, to make things worse, Steve caught him.
Tony paused, and then his eyes shifted back to Steve curiously.
“I’ll see you around, Steve Rogers,” Tony waved, turning around once again and beginning to walk off, “try to stay out of trouble.”
, he thought to himself as darkness started to creep into his vision. Steve was still yelling at him but Tony couldn’t hear any more, or see. Everything just buzzed. He wondered if his heart was broken too. His brain. That certainly seemed broken.
“Oh, he’s getting cocky now, huh?” Steve raised an eyebrow and then leaned back down again, his hands braced at Tony’s sides. Tony was drawn to the way Steve’s hair fell forward. It was something he tended to notice a lot, and he wasn’t sure why. It was just so oddly endearing. He always forgot to arrange haircuts, and so by the end of the month his bangs would be falling into his eyes at every opportunity, much to Steve’s irritation.
Getting back on to the bed gently, Steve crawled back to where he had been before, right above Tony’s face, as he leant down and pressed a soft kiss against Tony’s mouth.
“You lost me around ‘so to start with-’” Sam admitted, and Tony shut his eyes for a second before letting out a bark of laughter. Steve chose that moment to intervene; walking into the center of the floor where both boys were sat and then clearing his throat.
Tony paused for a moment. He was still looking at Steve as if he had started talking some obscure foreign language. However, Steve’s body was quickly deciding that sitting up was overrated,  and so after a second he stopped being able to watch the way Tony’s face stared incredulously at him, and instead felt the world begin to drift, light and colour blurring across his vision and creating a slightly nauseating image. His head fell backward, too weary to remain upward, and he resigned himself to the distant thud of pain that was bound to come in a second or two.
God, Tony loved him.
Tony sighed dramatically and leaned forward, pulling Steve down for a kiss. “Then I better get my work done quick so I can join you, huh?” He mumbled against Steve’s mouth before pulling away and skipping off in the direction of the staircase. “Don’t touch anything potentially lethal!” He called out behind him with a wave of his hand, and Steve rolled his eyes fondly as he yelled back his promise and then watched Tony’s mess of curls slowly disappear down the staircase.
Steve swallowed down the bad taste in his mouth.
“How long is this going to take me?” Tony asked.
do all this, without question, but it simply was not his style. He wasn’t so—so
“Brunch… brunch is not an all day event, Steven,” Tony grabbed his wrists and pulled them off, holding them in the air. His face was almost glowing, and it took him all of one second until he caved and leaned down for another short kiss. “God, you’re going to kill me, you know that? I hope you’re aware of that fact.”
He wasn’t sure who’s voice that was- Tony’s or Bucky’s. There were images in the back of his eyes that didn’t fit the surroundings, and he felt like he was going to be sick.
“Already said that!” Tony grumbled, but followed on behind him all the same.
Steve relaxed, and let Tony teach him about the world.
“No,” Tony reached out a hand, grabbing Steve by the shirtsleeve as he shook his head and then winced when it obviously hurt the array of injuries, “no… can’t.”
“I’m not fucking around, Bucky,” Steve began angrily, but Bucky raised his hands and shook his head.
“Who says you’re looking after yourself?” Thor asked as he tugged on his jacket. “Steve might be staying in school, but I’ve found myself suddenly very sick with the flu. Loki’s going to make sure everyone knows I’m not going to be coming in for a few days, and my mother has sent in an email to the school explaining my condition.”
_____
Steve spluttered. How the hell was he even supposed to answer that question? He didn’t know what he’d tell his
Bits of the armour were littered on the counter. Little drawings, newspaper clippings and photos were hung on the walls, reminding him but doing nothing to actually help him
Of course, it came back quickly after that.
easily, in the space of nothing more than a few days. It was fucking pathetic. “How can you… after everything I’ve done to you? All I seem to do is—is hurt you, and I don’t… it was Siberia all over again, it was a replay of the same fight that still haunts your fucking nightmares years onward, and it was all my fucking fault.” Steve clenched his eyes shut and shook his head. “I’m just sorry. You deserve so much better than all the shit I’ve put you through.”
At the sound of his name being called, Zeke turned; head moving to look at Steve. At once, the bored sneer moved onto his face, and it only helped to rattle Steve further. “Hello. You’re Tony’s little buddy aren’t y-“
“You want some company?”
They all nodded, satisfied with the arrangement. Tony informed JARVIS to switch from training protocols to normal fight-mode, and he saw Natasha swiftly shove a new mag into her gun. He looked to Steve, already suited and booted. “Ready?” He asked.
not normal, and it was quite frankly scaring the shit out of Tony.
This could go under 'failed self-preservation instincts', right?
“What do you want,” Steve said, not lowing his hands.
He stepped into the principal’s office and slammed the door shut behind him- the last thing he heard from the other room being the light sound of Tony’s laugh.
now- and before either of the scientists knew it, Thor was calling them both for dinner. They looked up from their work in surprise, before laughing bashfully. “I forgot about hunger,” Bruce said with a yawn, “and sleep, I guess.”
with Steve. Wants everything he could possibly get, eyes and mouth and teeth and touch and taste.
Dangling from his fingers was a sprig of mistletoe.
“And that’s great, because I love you too.”
All he’d ever wanted was to be good enough.
“I’ll bet it does,” he murmured, “But we gotta humour him, okay, or he’ll start getting sulky.”
He turned out and sped off before Steve could respond, and this time Steve just chuckled. He felt…
Steve felt like all he did was go round in circles with that damn boy. Hot one minute, cold the next- it seemed whatever Steve tried, he just couldn’t get it right with him.
Of course, he had been hoping to just silently join the table and not make a scene. That had been the plan. But of course, where there was Tony, there was usually Thor, and Thor didn’t exactly go for subtle approaches.
A droplet of water fell from his nose to the floor, and he wasn’t sure whether it was from the water bomb or from his own eyes, but he flinched anyway. Just the sound. The sound of a fucking
“I think you’ll manage,” Steve whispered, his touch stroking Tony’s ring finger once more, the same way he had so many times before this, except now it was real. Now there was going to be something there.
He wasted no time. “What’s wrong?”
The chair scraped across the floor as Tony stood up once more, making his way over to the couch where Steve was lying. “Oh, I wouldn’t dare,” he responded with a fond roll of his eyes, “Steve Rogers’ word is law, after all.”
He was home. Tony was there. The couch was warm and the weather was dreadful and they were both there, safe inside, watching the rain from against the panes of glass as it fell quietly around them.
Steve cracked a smile that was tinted with a little worry, and he sat down in the chair next to Tony just as the door opened once more and Bucky swept into the room, eyes going immediately to Tony. He’d been away on a mission ever since Tony had gone missing, so this was the first time Bucky had actually seen him post-capture. For a second, his gaze was concerned and his hands clenched, but then he made a conscious effort to try calm himself. “Did they kill you?” He asked eventually, raising an eyebrow.
“I do not have my plotting face on darling, you’re being ridiculous.”
“You can’t even walk, Tony.”
God, that was a phrase Tony had never thought he’d be thinking to himself. What a wonderful world.
of them.” He huffed and shook his head. “I’m a fucking idiot.
He waited until the time came to wake Tony. After a few cursory checks that proved the boy hadn’t worsened, Steve told him to go back to sleep and then waited again.
Saying the words felt like chewing on ash, and he swallowed against it, trying to keep it down. Wherever he looked, though, he didn’t think he’d ever stop seeing her pale face in those last few weeks. The translucence of her skin. The greyness to her eyes. He saw it in everything he looked at- it’s why he no longer found himself able to paint like he’d used to. The colors of her death were everywhere he turned.
He raised an eyebrow, scarlet in the face. His hand was shaking a little, but there was the same determined look in his eyes that he kept for battles.
His phone rang, finally, an hour later. Steve pulled it up to his ear as soon as he saw the contact name, breathing in a sigh of relief. “Tony,” he greeted, “you okay? How was detention?”
He got to his feet quickly. “DUM-E,” he called out urgently, “DUM-E, come here boy, Tony’s working, he doesn’t- Tony, watch out, he’s heading for the-”
He slowly lowered himself to the floor, until his knees were touching Steve’s. “Hey, is it okay if I touch you?”
Steve stood swiftly. Everyone turned to him. Thor went quiet.
“Sleep, darling,” he said quietly, carding his fingertips through Tony’s hair whilst the other one gently worked his tie loose, setting it down over the armrest, “you’re safe here. I promise.”
need your h-“
“Hi, James, it’s- uh, it’s me. Steve,” he began, suddenly wondering what the hell he was going to say.
He tucked himself back into the covers and shut his eyes, mind drifting to Tony’s friends and their words. It concerned him a little, that they had to do that. Made something twist in his gut- because what kind of people must Tony have been associating with before, to make his two friends so nervous? It wasn’t right, and it didn’t make sense to him. Tony didn’t belong with the people he hung out with- Ty and Justin and Sunset and all the worst kids in school. He belonged with people who actually cared. Like Steve.
Something made a noise. He was pretty sure it was him. The world rung out in his ears, a piercing sound. He winced. Tried to move, escape it. He couldn’t.
The effect was immediate. His younger self paused, freezing up in shock, and Steve took the opportunity, headbutting him quickly and sharply and knocking him clean out. Other Steve lay sprawled out on the floor, out cold to the world, and Steve looked at him. He wondered what those extra five words were going to do. It was a dangerous game to play, but maybe… maybe it would work out. Perhaps those five words could save the universe.
“Believe me, he came out of it worse than I did.”
And... God, it was Steve. Steve wouldn’t hurt a fly unless they deserved it. He was the kindest, most Honorable man Tony knew. It wasn’t... it was fine.
“Too late, I’m already sulking,” Tony made a face and then ducked back into the kitchen with a huff, Steve following along and carrying Maria in his arms. She was getting bigger every day—almost five, now, and Steve still found that hard to believe, some days.
“So, just out of curiosity, are you actually dating Tony, or is that just a rumor? ‘Cause people have been talking, and I’ve got loads of people asking me to find out, seeing as I know like, everything, but Tony refused to tell me and so obviously my next option was you,” she explained, sitting back in her chair and then fiddling with the cutlery on the table.
He was too young to be in this kind of shit already, dammit. He couldn’t even
He looked in confusion between the two men as they shared a silent conversation between themselves. Eventually, Tony just rolled his eyes and stepped forward, reaching out for Steve’s hand and curling his fingers around the bigger man’s palm. “Just give us a minute, Bucky.”
“Give Steve over there a scan. Check for brain trauma, breaks, that sort of thing,” Tony waved a hand in Steve’s general direction and then dove back into his cupboard. Steve watched as various things were thrown over his shoulder and sent crashing carelessly.
Howard hit him again. And again. And again. And again.
She’d have said
Right. Not mom.
Tony just shrugged, making a mental note to give Steve a proper backrub later. The man was more wound up than a Jack in the box.
“You didn’t-“
“You sure?” The bigger guy asked, nodding to the bag, and then the phone in his hand, “we could use anything you got, really. All of us are broke, see.”
Steve had never spoken to Loki before tonight, so he wasn’t exactly sure what the hell sort of company he was getting into, but he nodded anyway, and Loki promptly held out both his arms. “Pick your poison,” he said, before adding, “and no, before you ask, they’re not spiked. Just plain old water and plain old coffee.”
The voice was incredulous, tinny and coming from the speaker at the side of the gate. Steve heaved in another shaky breath. God, it had been so long since he’d heard Tony speak. The timbre, inflections and tones were all the same. Exactly the same. It felt like a physical punch in his gut, but he had to keep his cool. “It’s me,” Steve responded, leaning into the microphone. “Tony, this is an emergency—fuck, can you please… I don’t have anywhere else and I don’t—I
His head shot up, trying to pick Natasha out of the crowds. It wasn’t entirely difficult, what with the fiery red of her hair, and he was hurrying over to her as soon as he’d gotten his sights set on the woman. There was something uncomfortable settling in his chest, but he pushed it away. There could be a variety of reasons for this. Maybe Steve had had to take off the uniform for whatever reason. Maybe it was perfectly explainable.
Tony just smiled, taking the pillow. “Don’t worry about it. Thank you for letting me stay at all. It’s very generous of you.”
Tony came back better, more relaxed. Steve could admit, he did too. It had just been nice to escape it all for a little while, just be with each other, no distractions. Steve’d forgotten how it felt to be normal, and not deal with alien peace conferences or interdimensional space-hopping or whatever else had the potential to pop up in their ever-confusing lives. And Tony had seemed so happy there, so much more relaxed. Steve had had a hard time keeping his hands off him for longer than a few minutes at a time, if he was being honest. Call him cheesy, but there was just something so goddamn beautiful about seeing Tony smile.
“Hello,” he whispered, getting comfortable on the seat next to Steve and then leaning back, chair tilting precariously as he hitched his feet onto the table, “how are you?”
fail someone- you have to stop caring. And I don’t think you could ever stop caring about the people you love. There’s too much heart in you, buddy.”
Rather than even bother answering, Tony just rolled his eyes and then pressed a delicate kiss into Steve’s cheek, rubbing their faces together lightly as he did so. Steve couldn’t help but gravitate back toward Tony’s touch, warm and real and there. “Don’t be stupid,” Tony told him softly, knocking his forehead against Steve’s, “I’m tired of being pissed-off. Now I just wanna be with you. That sound okay?” He leaned back and glanced at the bed, a pained look crossing his face when he saw the mess Steve had made of the bed.
"But you've put pictures up of him before," Bucky's eyes narrowed a little as he turned to Steve, and Steve could just Goddamn
“Sorry,” Bucky said in the end, “I’m just… he seemed… but whatever. If you trust him.”
Tony laughed again, and God, Steve just loved that sound so much. He wanted to bottle it. Tony’s whole face lit up when he laughed properly. They were both quiet for a few moments after that- Steve could feel Tony’s gaze wander around the room, stilling on the desk where Steve’s papers and doodles were strung messily. There was a catch in Tony’s throat, almost as if he was about to say something, but at the last moment he refrained, just squeezing Steve tighter. They’d shuffled up against the wall, and Steve had left his head just underneath Tony’s neck, breathing in the smell of Tony’s smoke-tainted jacket, his faint tang of cologne, the underlying
“Uhhhhh,” Tony felt his cheeks heat, but hell, he’d already blurted out half of his deepest secrets to the team in a concussion-fuelled haze, he may as well just let this one out. “I daydream a lot about holding your hand. About running my fingers through your hair. I wish I could wake up with you all the time. You make me happy in a way that no one else can. I… there’s nothing that I wouldn’t do to see you smile? That’s – uh, that’s what it is, really.”
They glanced at eachother again- Steve felt like he missed whole conversations from those eyes alone. Eventually, Rhodey just sighed, leaning wearily against the wall and shaking his head a bit.
“But you’re just so pretty from the back, sweetheart,” he said, “can’t help myself.” To prove his point, he grabbed Steve’s ass and squeezed playfully, watching in amusement as he jolted and bit down on a small noise. He turned and shoved Tony lightly, waving to Peter.
I am a mess. Issues on top of my issues, and you’re just taking the brunt of it all. It’s selfish.”
Steve himself decided he should probably start looking for a cab rather than just standing around watching Tony, so he glanced into the road and held up a hand. “One week,” he agreed with a nod, “I love you t—”
stop. I’ll pay you
That guy certainly
Fuck.
.  The team groaned each and every time, but it did nothing to deter them.
I made you think everything you’re doing is wrong.” Steve pursed his lips and Tony watched, horror-stricken as a tear slipped silently down his cheek. All the fury had dried up in his chest, giving way to a heaving sense of loss, of desperation and agony. They couldn’t seriously be having this conversation.
Steve awoke softly, gently, quietly, as he always did when pulling himself out from the grip of a horrible nightmare.
why’.”
“Because it’s not real!” Tony’s hands rose and curled around Steve’s wrist, holding tight, begging him to understand. “This… this is a sham, Steve. He’s not ours to keep, and he is going to leave. Do you understand that? He’s going to fucking go, and I can’t… God, Steve, we’re still acting like some sort of fucking family.”
He stared at it for a few moments, before deciding he couldn’t be bothered dealing with it. Instead, he turned on his heel and made his way upstairs, pulling out his phone as he did so in order to send Steve a text. Even if Steve wanted nothing to do with him, he deserved an apology.
He had a feeling that over the course of the next few weeks, things were going to get pretty fucking difficult.
“It fucking better.”
“Uh, Tony?” He called out, stepping onto the pristine white tiles and looking up the spiral staircase to his left. That’s where Tony’s room was last time he’d been right?
“Are you breaking up with me?” Tony asked, his voice numb as he stared at Steve. Whatever colour that had been in his cheeks was quickly draining from it as he attempted to sit up straighter in his bed. “Steve, no, please. Please don’t. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry that I let this happen, I never meant… please just don’t go. Not now, come on. I’ll be better, I swear, I’ll… I’ll pay more attention, I won’t be so fucking stupid-“
“Steve Rogers, you better walk that ass out of the door in the next ten seconds or I am going to give you my saddest, most pained looking face and
One they finally slid out of bed, it was 12:30. Steve wasn’t sure that he’d ever stayed in bed that long before, but he found himself not minding at all as Tony ran his hands through Steve’s uncombed hair and smiled at him with such a look of fondness on his face that a billion things wanted to fall from his mouth:
Bucky looked slightly horrified. “I didn’t… God, Steve, I didn’t know, I’m really… fuck. This is all my fault, isn’t it?”
“You were the one who jumped straight onto blowjobs when I asked five minutes ago.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’re nowhere on it, seeing as you have a panic attack every time Peter goes near you.”
Goddamn it.
Tony cracked a smile, the look on his face turning almost fond. “You’re very hard on yourself, you know.”
“Parents are all friends with eachother, what can I say- she’s not that bad anyway,” Sam rolled his eyes and pushed Steve in the back again, sending him plodding onto another step, “just…”
“Oh, but here’s an extra fact,” she said as he felt the drug release into his system, “those little computers over there? They can decide what it is you see. I’m sure you’d love to know what it is we have lined up for you, Captain Rogers! It’s going to be so much fun!” There were two delighted claps, and it sent his head spinning with the harsh noise. He winced, but then looked back up at her, defiant. He would always be defiant. They couldn’t break h-
Tony still didn’t look at him. “Breaking up.”
his husband replied gently, squeezing their fingers together gently,
Steve blinked a few times, and then smiled over to Sam, pulling himself back to Earth. “Yeah,” he assured, “yeah, don’t worry. Just… thinking.”
Tony was definitely blushing. Steve wanted to touch it so bad. “I- yeah, yeah, and that too.”
That night, he holed himself up in the (thoroughly cleaned out) workshop and then worked back through all the data that Bruce had sent him on his condition, determined to try and figure something out. It had been less than twenty-four hours, and he was already sick of it. And when he looked over to his friends and their pained faces, pinched and tight whenever they had to stand up and move something else out of the way, he couldn’t help but feel as if they were too. It had to be irritating, after all, looking after him like he was a goddamned child.
“Thor’s gone after him, he’s okay, Steve, stop screaming, stop it,
was currently playing on the TV, although again, most weren’t truly focused on it. Sam was snoozing gently, Natasha and Clint were punching eachother as hard as they could and seeing who chickened out first, and Thor and Jane were busy copping a feel at the back of the fort where they thought no one could see.
Well. Whatever they’d tried, it had clearly backfired, seeing as every last person except the one in the room with Tony was dead.
“He’s right, you know.”
Tony loved Steve’s heart more than anything.
news stories at that very moment. He’d seen it before. This wasn’t new.
Tony opened his mouth a little, but then just nodded instead. He kept glancing awkwardly between Steve and his two friends, who had sat themselves on the counter and were watching them blatantly. Sam was throwing bunches of popcorn into his mouth.
That was… incredible. Insane. Amazing.
There was only them.
Tony stared at the words for a long time. When he looked up, Steve was on one knee, and there was a ring held between his fingers.
“-Wake up, Steve? Steve, can you hear me?” Someone tapped at his shoulder urgently, a voice that sounded familiar, Bruce-like, and he pulled his eyes open blearily, looking at the face of the concerned doctor as he leaned over him. “Are you okay?” Bruce asked in concern, “what happened?”
of love with him. I’m trying to say that every day- even now, when I’m angry and upset- I still manage to fall a little bit more
To the left, Bucky groaned. “Oh God, Peggs, our predictions were correct. Give him a relationship and he’ll turn into the biggest sap you’ve ever met. We’ve unleashed a damn monster-“
Tony side-eyed him. “I know you have. But I’m worried, Steve. You don’t look well. I know that this might be something that hits a little too close to home, or maybe something you’re convinced the serum will fix, but don’t you think you should just go to Bruce and get a professional opinion or something? Just to double-check?”
stumble upon us, it’ll be hell to actually get in and kill us.”
Tony tilted his chin and looked around the room. “What we do now, is we protect him. With everything we have at our disposal.”
Almost certainly not. At the time, Steve had been convinced he’d never make a single other friend outside of Peggy and Buck. He’d thought highschool was just going to go from bad to worse. And he’d thought the beautiful boy that rode his bike to school and stared at him when he thought Steve hadn’t been looking was just another perfect disaster- far out of reach, living on a different world to Steve. One that he’d never be able to reach.
It was calming. It was… home.
“I don’t care.”
And then he dropped his bowl.
Steve just nodded. “Look after him, yeah?” he asked Thor quietly, and the boy looked down at him with something soft on his face as he patted Steve’s cheek good-naturedly.
And now, 24 hours later, Tony was here. And he was okay. They’d beaten HYDRA, they’d gotten home, and they were celebrating Christmas, albeit a little behind schedule. Steve was holding his hand
And there they stayed. Watching the stars glitter and move slowly through the sky as their little planet turned- still going, still (relatively) unscathed, thanks to their efforts.
They passed Bruce along the way, and Tony didn’t miss the phone that he had in his hand, filming the two of them with a barely contained look of glee on his stupid face. Tony scowled at him, resisting the urge to tell Steve to attack. It would only induce a Hulk-Out when Steve invariably attempted to kill him, and Tony really couldn’t be bothered dealing with that on top of everything.
“Tony,” Steve said, looking over to him with a fond smile. He’d missed those rambles. “Look. The sun’s just about to set.”
“...Happy,” he responded, voice coming out a little bit more choked off than he’d intended.
“I’m begging you,” Steve looked up at him, straight in his eyes- and if anyone saw the image in front of them: an angel on his knees in front of a demon, crying, begging him to stay- they could start wars over this.
Steve didn’t believe it.
“Who says I’m trying to deny anything? George Clooney would have been my husband if you hadn’t pissed him off back in ‘04,” Pepper’s face soured, and she turned back to the screen, “I still hate you for that, by the way.”
“Don’t go,” he choked out desperately, one last time.
Tony wanted to say. Peter was a little kid in their care temporarily who Tony could bathe and play with and talk to, sure, but that wasn’t a child who relied on him to be the source of emotional comfort, of constant stability. Tony was fucked up, and he knew, one way or another, he’d end up foisting those problems onto his child. It wasn’t something he even wanted to imagine- he refused to be like his own dad. He was better off staying far away from kids altogether and just avoiding the problem. It would be better for everyone.
Tony shrugged and turned, looking at all of them. “Can’t hurt to try,” he said.
morning. Was he expected to make coherent decisions at this time of day?
“Sir, on any other occasion I would agree with you. But you have no idea the damage that Stone has done.”
, however, was quite possibly the furthest thing from closure Steve could possibly be. It almost would have been amusing, if Steve wasn’t quite so repulsed by the entire situation. Because in all that time spent wishing, hoping, praying for another chance to meet the man again, when he finally found himself at the gates of Tony’s Malibu mansion the very next day, it felt more like a nightmare than anything close to reality. Like he was back in that dark part of his mind again, trapped in a hell he couldn’t escape, where Tony was evil and the world was wrong and Steve was never going to get his chance at happiness again.
“Oh, and who’s the one gossiping now?” Darcy pointed out, taking an innocent sip of her drink as Sam laughed across from them.
Steve’s clothes-
“I’M NOT DATING STEVE, JESUS FUCKIN’ CHRIST!” Bucky cut in loudly, waving his hands through the air with finality, “Tony, I’ve never dated Steve!
Steve stopped talking, turning to face the source of the noise. In his ear, he could hear Tony yapping away, telling him to just give them what they wanted and run- but Goddamn it, Steve had a bit more pride than that. This wasn’t his money to lose.
“You were confident, then,” Steve said dryly, eyeing the bag full of stuff.
Steve flinched wildly. “No! No, they… no.”
“Maybe I fucking would’ve done if I’d have even gone to bed at all- but
Neither of them said anything for a few seconds, and all Tony could hear was Steve’s breathing. He wanted to move, to stand up so he was a little better defended, but he realised with a horrifying lurch that he was simply too terrified. Steve might kick him, and one of those feet would probably go straight through his ribs.
“Right,” Tony nodded, stepping forward and trying not to feel like an embarrassing burden, “thanks.”
“Why didn’t you just tell me?” Tony asked in confusion.
“Tony, don’t you think you need to get back now?” Steve asked gently, cocking his head, “it’s really late, and your dad might be worried.”
Steve glanced at his watch. “Yeah, and the next bus is in about two minutes, so-“
He turned his head and looked at Tony, feeling a short-lived wave of anger burn inside him. Tony had ruined lives, and done so guiltlessly. He bragged of his achievements sometimes, while he hacked his way into SHIELD and sent them messages. God, he was building up a weapons collection that was going to be able to level whole
Steve quietly informed Tony it was ready, and Tony looked back up. Steve appeared to have gone to all the effort of dragging the couch around the room in order to put it on Tony's side, as opposed to the much closer side that belonged to Steve. He didn't mention it, though. Just nodded and then walked over in the darkness, very gently placing the child down against the soft pillows of the couch. He winced when the little boy's hands twitched and his face stirred, but luckily he didn't wake up. Tony sighed in relief, slipping his hands away. As he did so, the blankets that had previously been swaddling him slipped away, exposing the child's little sleep-suit and a yellow stickynote that had been placed over his chest. Tony frowned, plucking it off.
It was toward the end of their meal that Steve got the call. Fishing it out of his pocket, he thumbed answer and smiled automatically. “Hey, Tasha,” he said, “how’s it b—”
A proper smile that actually showed his teeth and made his lips go a bit crooked.
“Peter! Hey, baby, what’s happened, did something go down at school-”
He was bowled over from the side as Thor barrelled into him, wrapping a huge arm around his shoulders and smiling brightly. When Steve turned to him, he noticed another victim under Thor’s other arm; curly brown hair and thick-rimmed glasses and a resigned sort of look on his face. Bruce Banner- Steve remembered him from a few times he’d sat with them all at lunch.
Rumlow bared his teeth. “You just undermined me and this whole operation, you fucking idiot. I’ll do what you said, and I’ll go see Fury right now, but I bet he’s not gonna be too happy with you when I tell him the stunt you just pulled.”
Tony looked at it for a second, and then felt his eyes widen. They were the notes Tony had been making while he’d been constructing his website- ideas and future plans, and people that he could speak to. Bruce was on the list. He was at college, currently studying Unhuman psychology. Tony had thought he would be a helpful starter.
There was yet another silence, but this one was weighted with shock, rather than anger. It was only broken when Steve spoke up again.
Leaning in and deepening the kiss, he brushed his tongue against Steve’s mouth, feeling it skate over his canines. He made a small noise in the back of his throat as a thousand scenarios popped into his mind. “Sorry for being a fucking asshole,” he mumbled, because he wanted Steve to really know he meant it.
Tony groaned, sprawling out on the sheets and smushing his face further into the pillows. “But it’s my
Steve was staring at the baby like it was a bomb about to go off. He hadn't said a word. Natasha stepped forward, her hair loose and limp around her neck. She tilted her head and squinted. "Did they leave anything else?"
to make himself miserable. But Steve had always loved to be optimistic. He loved to live in the present, act now, suffer later. He took life as it came to him. But Tony just wasn’t like that. He was a futurist. A realist. Living the way Steve lived was never something he was going to be able to do.
cookies. It was worth a bit of backache.
“March 1st, 2016,” she said shakily, rocking him against her hip as he slept soundly. He was bigger than he had been in the first few videos; looked a little healthier and like the Peter that Tony knew. “I can’t do this any more. I can’t watch them hurt him. So I’m leaving, and I’m getting him somewhere where I know he’ll stand a chance of being safe. Where exactly that is, I’m not sure yet. But I… I can’t just stand by any more. Somehow, Peter has managed to retain his soul throughout this. He can still smile, still be happy. I’ve been helping him a little, and I think he’s even starting to get to grips with phonetics. If I can get him somewhere safe and normal quickly, he may still have a chance to— to be a child.”
“No, it’s—” Steve leaned against the wall and sighed. His head hurt. “—you couldn’t have done anything about it.” He remembered the request JARVIS had just put in for him and then pushed away from the corridor wall again, making his way down the stairs. “I’m going down now—which car is it?”
They managed to make out for all of twenty seconds before Peter became bored and started to whine. With a deep sigh, Tony broke away and looked up, glaring daggers through the bars of the cot. “We are busy right now,” he tried, but Peter just looked at him with his dumb sad eyes that demanded attention, quite clearly uncaring of anything else that Tony and Steve may have been occupied with.
“No it isn’t,” he said, his face solemn, “I wouldn’t like it if you did it to me. And I know… I know that when you yell, it’s coming from a place of love.” He looked down and then shrugged, pulling a face. “Or at least I hope it is.”
“Long enough to make me start lookin’ stupid,” he replied quietly.
Steve nodded, stifling a yawn and looking down at Clint worriedly, as he lay passed out across the floor. He’d lost quite a bit of blood that night. “Sure. Get some rest, Tash.”
Natasha threw a cashew at them from across the room, and it hit Tony on the back of the head. “Ow,” he complained weakly.
, you just need to stay there, alright? This isn’t up for discussion.”
talks.
He blinked. Swallowed. Watched the clip again, one last time.
He frowned, turning his head to the source of the noise, and found it belonged to none other than Troy or Chad or Jace or whatever the guy was called who’d grabbed his bag earlier that week. He seemed slightly nervous as he walked over to Steve and Natasha. His buddy wasn’t with him, but Steve’s was, which was certainly comforting.
Against his ass, Steve snored loudly enough that Tony felt it vibrate up his butt. He wondered how this had become his life.
This all happened in no more than a second.
Steve lurched up, looking at Bruce with wide, humiliated eyes. “Sorry,” he choked, “I shouldn’t be here, I just… I wanted to see him so, so badly but I
going to give up easy.
Bruce learned a valuable lesson that night.
birthday present from h-“
“—God, you’re lucky I’m around.” Steve turned rapidly, spotting Thor’s brother leaning in the threshold of the apartment. He was holding a plastic bag, and as he walked in, he dumped the contents on the table to reveal a bunch of first aid materials, including, thankfully, butterfly bandages. “Seeing as I was already apparently acting as chauffeur, I thought I’d stop by CVS for a soda to keep me going.” He rattled a half-empty can in the air, then shrugged over to the other materials on the coffee table. “They were more of an afterthought.”
, Steve. I want you very very much, very very often. But… I just…”
Steve watched Tony fall; slamming into the remnants of the ship, hands flailing wildly for purchase as the floor fell apart around him.
Steve found him in the bathroom.
The next bullet Natasha fired off was promptly absorbed, turning into nothing more than potential energy. Silence fell.
Steve heard all the words, but his mind focused in on Tony’s eyes—the genuine sadness and longing there. He really meant that. Steve was fast losing track of what was real and what was fabricated by that point, and he felt almost dizzy with it. This had been something he’d dreamed of, in those weak moments when he’d let himself think about it rather than just pushing it down and away. He’d wished for this. A reconciliation. A chance to just talk to Tony, now that he was a little steadier, a little more able to process his emotions. He’d pictured the way he’d do it—get down on his knees and beg if he’d had to, and Tony would shake his head and get down to his level with him, hold his face in his hands, tell him
“Then there is no one that I could possibly feel safer with,” Tony nodded and then patted Steve’s side of the bed hopefully. He needed Steve to sleep with him tonight. He needed it, otherwise he was going to start going down into a spiral, and once that started it’d never goddamn stop, and right now Tony was doing a good job of keeping all that at bay. He wanted to keep it that way.
Bucky shoved him again with a smile and a shake of his head. “Just strap yourself in, jerk.”
“It’ still knocking around in that head of yours, huh?” Tony finished for him, and Steve just nodded glumly. They were both silent for a moment, Tony sipping at his drink with slightly shaking fingers. He was very graceful with his actions, in a strange sort of way, and Steve watched him fascinatedly. They hadn’t gotten off to the greatest of starts, admittedly, but Tony was… he was interesting. Steve couldn’t exactly say that he liked the guy, but he knew that he’d been wrong about him. He’d seen that as soon as Tony had taken that nuke through the portal and thought that he was going to die.
But that night, when Tony had spilled his heart out to Steve… he’d sounded so
“Right,” he bit, “okay. My bad. I should’ve just listened to everyone’s warnings, shouldn’t I,” he spat the last bit out like a curse, watched Tony flinch at the impact and then smooth out a second later, always under fucking control, never letting anything show for more than one god-damn second.
he wanted to say- but again, the words kind of failed him.
“What did I tell you, you’re a terrible liar. You don’t have a plan at all do you? You’re just walking me out in this SHIELD corridor in broad daylight, hoping no one is going to question you, aren’t you?”
“No, I just… man, I wanted to- uh- apologise,” he looked around awkwardly, eyes flitting around, like he was looking for someone, “I didn’t mean to be an asshole, I didn’t know you were friends with… yeah. I’m just- we cool?”
He knew their lives were fragile, hanging on a razor’s edge. Didn’t mean he liked to be reminded of it, though.
It was a while before Tony leaned back and pulled his hand away.
He swallowed harshly and looked away, out of the window. “It’s fine,” he said, hearing his own voice waver dangerously, “I’ll just get the police to sort it out. You don’t have to do any more for me- you’ve already stuck your neck out for me enough as it is.”
“Buce!”
Before Steve could even tell him he was never speaking to him again, Tony had scrambled to his feet and then pulled Steve up with him, hauling them higher up onto the roof. Steve just held tight to Tony’s hand and let him lead them up, until finally stopping on the peak of the roof, right next to the chimney. With an unceremonious thump, Tony flopped onto his butt and sat down comfortably. A second later, Steve followed.
He laid his eyes on a body.
“Really? ‘Cause that sure
Steve loved him, and Tony loved Steve, and he was going to put a ring on that Goddamn finger if it killed him.
Steve... Steve was good as well. In his own sincere, honest sort of way. He always got down to their level, talked to them with his wholesome smile and told them to always try to be a hero in the everyday, because that was where the real battles were won. The kids adored him. He was very gentle with them.
I’m getting a fucking divorce,” Tony snapped, and Steve shook his head, pressing his fingertips down gently at the back of Tony’s head and scratching, pulling another impromptu purr from the other man’s mouth before Tony could even help himself.
“Do I give a shit whether you’re prepared?” Howard snapped again, and this time, Steve heard the bedsprings react to Tony’s flinch, “I told you to do this for me, ‘cause it’s millions of dollars on the line that you’re gonna undoubtedly wanna fritter away on drugs and beer, so get your stupid ass into a suit and go meet them. Now. Be damn useful for once in your life.”
“waiting for me to have my inevitable breakdown over this?” Tony asked sharply, wishing he could stand up, “waiting to see how long it takes for me to start crying like a fucking baby? Jesus, Natasha, I thought you rated me more highly than that—”
He wasn’t an invalid any more, no matter what his idiot best friend thought. Just because his Goddamn mom had gone and gotten herself killed didn’t fucking mean he had to become some helpless kid all over again, because he wasn’t, he wasn’t
“Yeah, well, sorry isn’t going to get a fucking coffee stain out of my best jacket, is it,” Ty snapped, his lip curled in distaste.
“Fair,” Bucky said with a shrug, turning back to him, “so you’re worried about what to get him, huh?”
. Looking at Tony’s pen. Looking at every part of Tony’s life around him in this room, frozen in time, on pause but never to be resumed. It was a lived-in space. It was a room that Tony had been supposed to come back to. Nothing was packed, organised, neat in the face of a foreseeable ending. It was just like every other bedroom someone came back to every day.
“That’s it?” Steve asked shortly, although really, what else could have fucking happened? He’d only been gone for five fucking seconds.
“Oh shit, don’t tell me he saw you,” there was a sudden clattering on the other end of the line, as if Rhodey had stood up suddenly, “Steve, holy shit, is Tony still with you? Get him out, get him out of there right n-“
perfect. To him, anyway. Even in all the ways he so obviously wasn’t.
,” Steve informed him. “Hey- remember when there was that really bad mission and it had me in a funk for days afterward? What did you do for me?”
“What did I tell you about every man for himself, Tony? He knows our position now, we’re gonna have to move-”
“Nothing,” Steve jumped in immediately, desperately trying to quell the sickening shame in his gut and the red on his cheeks as he put an arm on Tony’s shoulder and started pushing again, more forceful this time, “listen, Tony, I’ve really got to get back to-”
A farm and kids and Tony and nothing else. Yeah- Steve would be more than happy with that.
He stared in shock as Tony bit his lip and then looked away, trying to play it off with a roll of his eyes. When he turned back to Steve, his face was carefully nonchalant. “I just didn’t want to freak you out, that was all-“
He shifted ever so slightly, and pain rocketed up his body. He barely held back the cry. “Top of the world,” he gritted out, “is— is everyone okay? Have we made contact with the others yet?”
at me?” Steve uttered, eyes averting to the other side of the room as he wiped hastily over his face. He was exhausted. So, so exhausted, and so many people had died and it was his fault, he’d let himself get used by HYDRA and they’d taken over him
Behind him, there was a short bark of laughter. “Fair,” he heard the muttered reply, and then the revving of an engine once more as Tony got back on his bike
laziness.” He shut his eyes as the memories took hold. “I just wanted to help. So I flew in, went to stop it myself. They’d rounded up most of the civilians in the centre of the village, separating them out… I landed on the outskirts, hoping to work my way in and take out the reinforcements.
“Tony,” he said numbly, walking forward and sinking to his knees in front of the beautiful demon, his beautiful demon, “
Tony grunted, jerking his head and taking the spanner from Steve’s hand. Their fingers brushed for a second, and Steve felt the static zing all its way up his arm like it did every time they connected. “Robots, huh? Not a bad idea… or maybe I could just invest in one of those extending-claw things that cost like five dollars and are ultimately far less hassle than an entire robot.”
“Steve, if you don’t want to, and you’d rather be alone, that’s absolutely fine,” Tony said, giving him a sad smile as he began backing away, “you go, uh, do your thing. Have fun, be merry, it’s your birthday, you deserv-”
Darcy stared at him, before pulling a small and rather unimpressed face. “It should,” she muttered with a wince, “Ty’s… slippery. Be careful of him, Steve.”
Steve began the rough outline of the man’s perfect body as it flew through the air, and as he looked up to watch him spin perfectly, he bit his lip and swallowed a little harshly. It was… it was certainly appealing to the artistic side of Steve, but then there was the more simple part of him- the part that would sure as hell love to get his hands on that quite ridiculously amazing ass.
him. He didn’t think anyone had ever said that to him before. It felt so strange, but in a good way. In the best way.
“Tiberius Stone is cruel, manipulative and abusive,” Steve said in the end, spitting out the words and feeling that rage bubble up to the surface again. “He ruined Tony Stark’s life. I can’t tell you how. But I promise you--
He was halfway through a mouthful of his burger when a hand slapped down on his table and interrupted him.
a thing then it meant he’d have to explain to Steve that he suffered mild withdrawal symptoms every time they weren’t together, which would be a little embarrassing.
“Where are the others?” Bucky asked, grunting as he came into contact with the first enemy; punching him square in the face and sending him into Steve’s waiting arms, which quickly brought unconsciousness along to their attacker.
,” Steve said quickly, “for both. ‘Cause it’s a Saturday. So. In five days. Are you- I mean I know you’re pretty busy a lot, and you don’t… like, you don’t have-“
we’re talking about. HAMILTON. You don’t just pass up on an opportunity to see Hamilton,” Bruce said, horrified.
he’d said, nodding serenely to himself as he’d sipped from his coffee.
Steve blinked at him, the words throwing him off for a second. “What?”
“Who broke
The whole deal with the weapons, and what Tony had said he would do with them. Destroy them—because they were his, and ever since he’d caught Obadiah Stane double dealing, he’d made it his mission to get them all back. Apparently.
Steve stared at him through the glass window and thought of all the time they’d missed out on. It’d been two years. Two years without Tony by his side, but here he was now, offering. Even if it wasn’t going to go back to normal. Even if they couldn’t ever get that part back. Steve would take this. So he nodded and stepped through the door.
a superhuman. He might have sore arms in the morning, but he couldn’t say that was what was on the forefront of his mind just then.
Steve was silent for a while, to the point where Tony wondered if he’d fallen asleep. But then he shifted in the bed, moved a little closer, until his chin was resting lightly on Tony’s head. He sighed. “I sometimes think… You know, that if we…” he broke off, a frustrated little noise blowing from his lips as he struggled to find the words in his half-asleep state. He shifted again, subconsciously moving near to the source of warmth. “Good things come and go so fast in our lives. And we- we just let them. We just… they go, and that’s that. It’s done. We have to move on.” He tucked his chin in, nose brushing against Tony’s forehead. Tony felt his brow crease, trying to catch hold of the words and they drifted through his mind. “But what if we didn’t?”
It was light when the world blurred back into focus. Steve could feel it against his closed eyelids. He must have been out for quite a while. He was also pretty comfortable, which was strange, all things considered. He’d sort of thought he might be waking up in a jail cell, or not waking up at all, so the soft sheets were nice. And there was talking, too. A familiar pair of voices: one dry British, the other sarcastic American, both of them rattling off quips to one another like an old married couple. The familiarity of it brought back memories of an old life, where things had been easy and the world had been kinder. It made him want to smile.
“You can stay here until my parents get back,” Thor told him with a nod, “and they’ll only stick around for a month or two, so as soon as they’re gone you can come straight back again.”
what he was doing. How on earth was Tony supposed to resist that? He was not the only tactical genius in this bed, and Steve was very… persuasive.
“We haven’t,” Steve blurted before either of them could continue, “we haven’t done… that, yet. Just- uh- making out. And dates and stuff.”
“We are in one of the largest alien technology storage facilities in the US. We absolutely can.” This time it was Natasha speaking, her voice clipped, harsh. She was glaring at Tony because it was easier than letting herself look afraid, and she quickly turned her head back in the direction of where they’d just run from, analysing what she could see. “Your suit’s pretty destroyed, but it’s not totally dead. You probably would have survived even if you’d stayed in it. Can you cannibalize the parts? We need to get a message to Thor, or Bruce, or anyone who can hear us.”
Steve nodded, eyes clenched tight as he swallowed. Tony was here. He was underneath Steve’s fingers, alive, breathing, warm. It wasn’t real, and he knew that.
Tony huffed and nodded his head. “Yeah, he threw a spoon at me yesterday and then guffawed like he was about to attempt world domination. Little kid’s an asshole.”
“Tony,” Steve pulled away and settled his hand across Tony’s cheek, “I don’t give a single shit. I’m incredibly angry at the person who did it, and they’re going to pay for it, but I promise, I am not upset with you.” He pulled Tony in again, fingers stroking across Tony’s jaw and into his hair as Tony just sagged into him. He was so, so tired.
He stood up a little straighter, pulling his hand away from his face and swallowing the strange lump in his throat. He felt a little betrayed, but it had been him who’d fucked up. It didn’t make any sense, and suddenly there were a billion different thoughts all fighting to get to the surface. He felt so confused. “I didn’t think you minded,” he mumbled weakly, at a loss for something else to say. He knew it was stupid as soon as the words came out of his mouth though, and the look Steve shot him had him stepping back again.
As soon he’d dropped, he was being pulled into Steve’s arms, wrapping tightly around him in a way he hadn’t felt properly for almost a month, and had missed like the air he breathed.
“Not as far as I am aware, sir. Captain Rogers’ vitals do appear to have failed to be registered.” JARVIS’ voice was slightly concerned, and of course, Tony had known that this wasn’t an error- his phone didn’t malfunction, for one thing. No, this was—this was something on Steve’s end.
for a chance to be with you.”
“And then satisfaction brings it back,” Steve snapped quickly, sitting up when his friends just seemed to grow more and more amused with every word, “Ugh, you are both the worst, I should have just left you behind, honestly-”
than Howard? Steve said nothing, leaving his mouth open and wordless in despair as he turned to Thor. He didn’t know what to do. He didn’t even know where to start.
It’s not. It’s obviously not- he could be so much better to them- but it’s all he has.
“I don’t- care,” Steve wheezed, batting Bucky’s waist uselessly, “I hate you both.”
Steve threw himself at Tony almost hard enough to send them both off balance and rolling back down the roof. As it was, Tony just about managed to keep them steady as Steve wrapped his arms impossibly tightly around Tony’s shoulders, burying his head into the juncture of his neck and clenching his eyes shut as he felt his breath hitch.
“You don’t know that,” Bucky said, “Peggy is always telling us how weird school over here is compared to England.”
In response, Steve showed Tony his forearm. It looked pretty normal, however, and so Tony glanced back at Steve. “Why are you showing me your arm?”
Steve pursed his lips and kept his head down as he rolled out of the break room with Tony hidden in the garbage disposal compartment of the janitor trolley. His cap covered his face, hands gripping tight to the handle, and he casually made his way over to the elevator which was stationed a few corridors away. Tony had informed him that only the first two floors’ worth of windows were bulletproofed to cut spending, which meant that they only had to travel two floors up without being detected. That was totally doable. Everyone was far too busy wondering why they’d just been put into lockdown to care about some nightshift janitor going about his business.
Steve hurried to regain his footing, pushing off away from Tony’s arm as the other boy just looked at him, that goddamn half-smile still curling around his mouth, “I think I’m just accident prone,” he bit out irritably. Tony had probably been laughing at him inwardly the entire damn night- not that Steve could even blame him, he’d acted like a fucking idiot.
Steve sucked in a shallow breath, eyes widening. “Oh Jesus, I’m glad we didn’t. Don’t think he would’a approved of me puttin’ my hands all over some foreign death machine. ‘Least he didn’t see it for himself.”
“You can’t take them all on alone,” Tony said, hesitating for a moment before looking behind to his team. “Call Bruce. Tell him we need him. Then let Happy know. He’ll go on babysitting duty.”
“I know,” Steve whispered, not brave enough to look Sam’s father in the eye. “This is—this is my problem, and I promise, you won’t need to pay a dime over it. If it goes to court, I’ll plead guilty—”
“I-“ Tony began, swallowing. His hands tapped restlessly by his side and his eyes flew around the room, stopping briefly at the work scattered around the floor, before finally ending up back on Steve. “If I help you with your homework, you fancy calling it even?” He asked quietly. His smile was small, nervous.
Reed was waiting for him when Steve arrived. His posture was wary and his face concerned. Susan must have already told him he was here. “Captain,” he began, voice croaky from sleep, “what are you doing—”
“How’s the head?”
“Daddy,” Maria poked him in the shoulder and he looked down at her, “does this mean that we get to eat takeout again?”
And although what he wanted didn’t really matter, and logic and reason needed to be kept in mind, Tony still didn’t consider speaking that out into the darkness. Here, he didn’t even need to think about any of that. He just needed to say what he felt, truly, in his soul.
you- but whatever it was, Steve, you need to clue me the fuck in, because I’m stood here and I assure you I’m not dropping this until you-”
He stumbled back a little, bouncing off Steve’s chest as he took two impossibly large strides forward, but ultimately stopped when Tony got in the way.
Tony looked sideways at him, and then nodded. His eyes were slightly narrowed, like he was trying to work Steve out. That was understandable. This was quite a severe change in tune. “Why are you doing this?” He asked bluntly.
“I’m-“ Steve began, before he felt something spasm deep inside his chest. With a gasp, he slammed a hand over his sternum and hissed. A second later, however, it passed, and he slumped back against the wall with a sigh. “Okay,” he breathed, “maybe I’m not fine.”
Shit. He and Steve weren’t going to break up. He hadn’t blown everything.
“Nothing.”
The team all glanced back and forth between one another, and Tony bit his lip nervously as he once more watched Peter across the penthouse floor whilst the child cackled obliviously over a game of peek-a-boo with Clint. He had an ominous feeling sat in the bottom of his gut, and he resisted the urge to walk over and take the little boy back into his arms. That wasn’t going to make him any damn safer.
He really loved his life, sometimes.
He was currently in Thor’s car, sat in total silence as Loki drove erratically down the New York roads with a pursed mouth and tight fingers at the wheel. Thor had sent his brother, unwilling to leave Tony alone, and the boy had arrived in rapid time, indicating that more than one law had been broken. Not that Steve had given a shit when he’d lurched forward and jumped into the passenger seat, of course. He felt kind of like he was in a dream. The facts were floating around in his head, but they weren’t really processing. It didn’t feel real. He hadn’t even told any of the Wilsons that he was gone—just up and left, getting into the car that had come to pick him up without a second thought.
