“This stupid radio stopped working Tony, since when have you started making shoddy tech?” She frowned, leaning on him as he helped her get out of there with Steve following close behind with Hank draped in his arms.
“Tony, Tony!?” He shook the engineer’s shoulders. “Tony, wake up…” With worry he looked over his shoulder, trying to find the cause of the fallen man. All he could see was that huge suit with its eyes lit up, hanging from the work-chains. Then his eyes scoured the room to see the other suits all broken in pieces, which sent a spike of worry through Steve’s spine. They were once preserved, beautiful, and statuesque and now they were all shattered hollow shells of what they once were, every single one of them amounting to the pile of pieces that took up most of the floor.
“Reports suggest that the masterminds behind it are none other than Tony Stark, the famous robotics engineer turned detective, and Victor Von Doom – reported dead by the NYPD, but after careful research we’ve determined this was incorrect. Stark’s motives are unknown, but his ties with Victor Von Doom suggest that this has a financial motive behind it.
“Good luck getting in there, that place is like fort Knox,” Taskmaster chuckled darkly, walking back into the shade of the alley and leaping over a wall with ease.
Tony always had a thing for medieval history, ever since he had visited Camelot – no, even further back, he’d loved knights, loved the mythology of kings. You could even say that the Iron Man armour was based off a knight in shining armour, the one that Tony had always aspired to be.
“You okay there?” she asked, her blond hair tucked under her cap with peeks of golden curls managing to escape how neatly tied up the rest of her hair was.
“T’Challa? Is that you?” His eyes lit with a glimpse of relief.
“Like this…” Steve said, leaning closer and pressing his lips to it, making Tony’s expression soften instantly, his breath hitching for a moment from the shock.
Rage was taking over and boiled in his chest.
They could smell arrays of fragrances coming their way and knew that they were close to getting food again, hunting together.
Tony was right when he’d told Steve before that it sounded just like it was straight out of a movie; in fact, this sounded more like straight out of the comic books that Steve was prone to reading and drawing in his spare time. His hands rested on the wheel and he tried to not look too blown away by the whole story, but it made sense, to some degree.
“But... Everyone—“
His breath hitched, “Ugh..!”
“They’re closing the gap, Tony, we need to get going.”
This was his dream, on the other side of that mirror. Tony cleared his throat. “You know I helped create Ultron, correct? I helped create what made you who you are in your world.”
“And so do I.”
He leaned forward.
Steve sighed, still trying to comprehend it all. Staying largely silent and locked in his thoughts for most of the trip. Tony’s attempts at small talk were futile, that was, and until he began talking about the cartoons he watched. It took a lot to admit that to Steve and it was a strange position to be in. People would be fans of his, not the other way around, so actually getting excited about talking was really a foreign feeling to him, and yet he could feel his heart race, voice raise with excitement when he started talking about fights that he’d seen illustrated, and filled with even more joy when Steve would expand on them. The talk from the soldier was reluctant at first, but hearing someone talk so passionately about his exploits and feeling the need to correct him on some points made him open up a little more.
“Shut up.” Peter sassed back, tired of this entire debacle by now. Internally he wanted to admit that this was Tony. He was conscious of his projecting, aware that if this was nothing but wishful thinking…
“What’s that?” Tony spotted as he pulled away from the embrace and picked up a glowing golden feather that slowly turned white before vanishing in his hand, “No… No way…” He said, turning his hand from front to back, seeing nothing. Shortly after he returned to Steve’s arms, placing his own around Steve. It’s not that he believed him, it’s just that the man was spouting out these things that no one else could have possibly known, not only that but that… Feather, that strange feather that seemed to just disappear right in front of him, now that was strange. He placed his head gently against Steve’s chest, enjoying the comfort and hence why he returned to it as quickly as he could. “Is this some sort of dream? With the wings and the feather and everything?”
Steve was sluggishly pacing the room at that point. He could feel his thought pattern becoming erratic as he was plagued with the constant restlessness from being confined for that long without much to do. The punching bag was broken and on the floor and Tony hadn’t really had the chance to fix it, so Steve had tried but was unable to repair the chains that were broken, even when he had bent the metal there was absolutely no chance of getting it up there even as he tried to think of different ways. Usually this would be a synch for Steve; after all, he was a master tactician with much more to him than what was given to him by the serum.  He was gifted with brains, the ability to think and advise driven by his constant thirst for knowledge. He may not have been on a genius level but tactics wise he was one of the best out there. There was a reason that he was seen as one of the greatest heroes that had ever lived, and that wasn’t just because of the serum that came out of the bottle and his heart of gold.
“Ugh…” Tony groaned rubbing the back of his head that had smacked into the silver lined wall behind him.
Reed looked behind him.
There it was the confident tone Tony needed to make him enjoy this even more. He could feel how hard he was, the blood coursing through his veins, feeling the pumps ringing in his ears.
It was like carrying a fallen angel to a sanctuary, at least that’s where Tony’s imagination had taken him.
Tony’s lips curled up. It was music to his ears to hear Steve actually accepting technology like that. It wasn’t the Steve of his world, but somewhere out there was a Steve that embraced the future, and that was what Tony
INFECTION DETECTED
“Such sentiment.” The bot groaned. “In moments the entire SHIELD database will be uploaded to my systems. I will have all of their knowledge. And then we shall become one, and you shall gain full control, absolute unobstructed full control.” It placed its fingers under Tony’s neck, raising his chin, ignoring the unkempt tufts of hair that managed to slump forward over his brow.
Hammer’s armour collapsed and fell apart, but that came as no surprise to the duo that stood side-by-side, staring down at the mess of a machine.
At one point, he was sure that he could hear Hammer laughing. He tried his hardest to open his eyes, to get some sense of perspective, but he could see nothing but shadows moving above him. It was a violent and excruciating pain that snapped him back to consciousness; two metal blades edged just over his shoulder, large metal machines with their buzz saws at the ready to push down. Even with the smallest pressure the blades were tearing at his exposed skin that the saws had already cut to – having buzzed through his protective shoulder shell.
There wasn’t enough time. The eyelets of his helmet shattered into a spider web crack and alarms in his suit began to ring, the suit was compromised.  Just as he was about to speak, he was surrounded by flames, shrapnel, wires, a toxic orange coloured gas escaped and filled his lungs.
“Get out of here.” He snarled, “How dare you imitate Steve, how dare you..!” He yelled with a shaky tone of voice, his nose crinkling as he snarled.
“You’re right, you’re not like me. You’re you, you’re Tony Stark, you’re Iron Man, you’re a one in a million, a strong hero who has been through so much. You’d lost your company, fallen, and then you picked yourself up. There’s no reason you can’t do that again...”
“That looks familiar.”
Steve’s eyes opened, staring at the man and then placing the palm of his metal hand to Tony’s face, again wishing that he could truly feel him again. “How’re you feeling?” He asked.
There was the ever soft pitter-patter of drops all around them. The water trickled along the bricks and bars that were scattered all around, traveling down and along the rigid surfaces and rubble that used to compose the factory before the detonation. The drops were soft, gentle shards that shattered upon impact. Each drop in their millions managed to dull the surrounding fire to tiny embers and miniscule bursts. All that remained was smoke and rubble; even the smoke was beginning to dwindle; unable to sustain itself in the damp air.
“You are, you’re still Steve.” Tony repeated, watching Reed carefully as he began to dispense the food the same way as last time; through the chute and on the tray, ensuring that everything that entered was thoroughly sterilised.
The truth was the last thing he could remember was thinking about being trapped. How much he hated being trapped and confined, how much he craved the scent of fresh air and freedom that he stood for. He felt a stir of emotions before it all became blurred into one; being attacked by Zola, being constantly tormented but just wanting to help people and knowing that he was useless when he was trapped, wanting Tony to free him, pleading with Tony, screaming for him to let him go and then a harsh pain surged through his stomach and the next thing he knew he was punching the wall.
Taskmaster’s already fragmented mask took the brunt of the fall, clashing with the pavement beneath him and completely shattering the right side.
Tony shuddered at the fact that his own satellites had probably been taken down too. If they found SHIELD’s, then they sure as hell found his largely branded ones.
“I modified MODOK, bestowing upon him the capability to freeze. You think that I’m not capable of my own progress? Think again, Richards. You and Stark don’t deserve this power, and now I’ll be the one in charge. You shall all bow before me, Doom!”
“And what about you? You’re a super human too, with that serum of yours! You’re basically a giant walking man on steroids!” he barked back.
“Breathe.” Steve reminded him, feeling Tony’s body take him in. “Gently.”
“Hey, could you look a little closer?” Tony gestured to the bodies.
“That too.”
“Talk to me, please…” Tony begged.
“You do? Chief, whatever it is I’ll do my best!”
He lived for the future; he lived to build a better world, to design and construct and mould his creations. He wanted to bring them to life as a master puppeteer to make the world a better place to live for everyone else. He knew such selflessness was heroic. But before he knew it, the future was quickly closing in on him. It was up to him to keep up and to ensure that it went his way.
By the time he spoke and turned his head, Peter was already up against the tree. The boy had extremely fast reflexes, not to be underestimated. Sometimes Tony forgot that. He joined him by the tree, facing the trunk to try and cover up the light that was emitted from his reactor. The sound of the rapid blades cutting through the air, blowing the dead leaves around sent a chill up Tony’s spine as he held himself closer to the tree, looking up at Peter to make sure that he was hidden much better.
“This has been happening since we found him sir, what we were afraid of. The Post Traumatic Stress causes—“
Watching the Captain weep over Tony’s body was a heart breaking sight for all, regardless, after dealing with Norman they stood in unison in a moment of silence for their fallen comrade.
The suit wrapped its heavy gauntlets around Tony’s neck and picked him up off the floor. “Tony. You and I are one. Do not lie to me. Do not.”
His hand clasped Tony’s shoulder and he looked at him straight in the eye, as emotional as they both were at that point. “I know how you feel Tony,” Steve replied with a heartfelt stare of empathy.
Their embraces were always like this – always more than just a hug, always more than just friends. There was something deep and profound they had, and it felt deeper than ever at that moment in time. He could feel Tony’s heartbeat against his chest, he could feel the soft buzz of his reactor, he could feel the gentle tremor of his lean, athletic body.
All of the Avengers had finally moved in, the house was packed as even the others from the West Coast had come for the grand (re)opening of the Avengers mansion.  Parties were something that Tony loved, and Steve loved too, especially when it came to mingling with his future team mates and learning about each of them. It was a surprise when he had encountered a familiar face, one from World War II and his recovery mission long ago, Logan Howlett. Though it did seem that his memory wasn’t as good as it used to be, nonetheless, it provided a little comfort to the solider that he wasn’t entirely alone as much as Kid Omega loved to say otherwise, but it was banter (assumingly). A range of different personalities, a cluster of noble souls all gathered in one place.
“And I’m your Captain.”
He was safe, wrapped in the warm cotton sheets with the spring breeze rattling the blinds.
“How does it feel?” He asked.
“The number of explosion survivors was scarce, but yes. You were the exception, you know; everyone presumed that you were dead. We kept you under wraps and it took a lot of work to do so. SHIELD found your body and we kept it.  Performed the surgery ourselves.”
Peter shook his fist at Tony and then let out a huff, quickly raising his shoulders again as there was another devastating sound of impact from above. “We should help them.”
Tony’s eyes instantly welled up with tears as he stared with disbelief, his entire body shaking with fear as he braced himself for his punishment. Whatever ‘this’ was, he didn’t look happy at all. He stared at him with icy eyes that could stare right into his soul to see how baron it had become.
wanted.
“What are you talking about?” Tony asked.
“I need to feel you.” He said, raising his tone an octave, biting down hard onto Tony’s skin but not breaking it, very close to. “Tony.”
That explained the giant rockets and missiles that Steve had noticed on the screen. Part of him wondered whether Tony was capable of such destruction, the thought did cross his mind but he quickly shoved it to the back of his thoughts where it belonged; Tony was a gentle soul, a kind man who wanted nothing more than to help others. He’d made that apparent a number of times.
That was when Tony’s internal alarm bells began to ring and he’d managed to speed up the process. The most important part of it all was that he had to clear his mind and focus, just as Steve had taught him in their sparring lessons back when Steve didn’t even know that he and Iron Man were the same person, the blissful old days where ironically things were much simpler, even if it meant being two separate people. The catch of Steve’s word made him spin around once he was done with Zola and he flew toward Steve, kicking and repulsoring any other creatures that decide to obstruct him. It was like a video game and he was finally getting the hang of the controls and knowing exactly where these things would spawn from, luckily though there wasn’t an unlimited number of them, so after he managed to finish the final few that hurled themselves in front of him he landed just in front of Steve.
“This is Mary Jane Watson reporting for the Daily Bugle news. More at 10!”
“Tony, can I ask you something?”
“I feel like a child and you’re trying to bribe me with food?” Steve asked with disbelief.
“You’re bluffing, you can’t do that…” Tony spoke through gritted teeth.
Steve stared for a moment with contemplation. Raising his head and giving Tony that stare that he was used to, that stare that meant yes without vocalising it. “We’re not in the same dimension. How do you expect this will work?”
Just like that, Norman Osborn had managed to take away one of Tony’s most beautiful memories; his night with Steve. Rage surged through him, making his heart race, making the adrenaline pump through his body. He raised a hand and powered up his repulsors.
The police were all huddled around the small TV screen that they had in the office, chattering amongst themselves. Tony’s name propped up constantly.
“Make sure you keep an eye on him.” Rhodey muttered making sure Tony wouldn’t attempt to lip read.
“Steve..?” Tony repeated again, this time with a little more added conviction. Steve lifted his head, his eyes returning to normal. His pupils constricted, but as they began to adjust to the light, they dilated again. Tony’s mouth hung open and he let out a shaky gasp, reaching out for him as though he were trying to make sure that this wasn’t just a nightmare.
Steve’s wings ached for a moment as he felt something change, his heart sinking was causing his wings to react accordingly.
“The same thing, in fact, the Black Widow was compatible for a long time. Now look at her, she rejected the upgrades.” He gestured over to her tube, next to Bucky’s. Her skin was torn, her complexion was pale and withered, her hair had grey streaks and body looked frail. “All in all, I needed extremis.”
Silence was far scarier than clatters. “Marco… Polo?” he called.
He just fixed his collar and made haste, weaving through small gaps between desks and trying to dance between the other officers walking around with coffee in their hands or stacks of papers and bags of evidence. The place was filled with life, just as he had expected and dreamed of and he was seconds away from becoming one of the cogs in this well-oiled machine.
“Come on Cap! I’m gonna run out of ammo if I ain’t careful!” The other half of the dynamic duo hollered.
“Trying to kill me again, Stark?”
Tony awoke the next morning, feeling the rays of sun burst though the kitchen window as he kept his eyes tightly shut, yawning and stretching his arms out as he looked around, seeing the empty bottle. He sighed deeply,
Sometimes at night, even when Tony would retire to his own quarters, he could hear the haunting screams from the facility. It was highly secured, reinforced by steel; it was impossible for any sound to escape… Yet the raspy shrill shrieks would wake Tony up time and again. He could feel the pain that Steve was going through.
“Well, no.”
Taking the junction, he followed the younger man instead, tracking down Peter with ease, holding out his arm as the forearm plate popped out, revealing a missile which he timed perfectly, and releasing it between the pendulum swings of Spiderman.
“Tony!” Steve called after him.
Steve let out a huff that was supposed to resemble a chuckle before weakly gesturing over to Zola.
“Finish him off!”
A dim response if any, Tony’s pitch lowered, imploring the man, praying that this display of submission would speak louder than words, continuing to lay as he was. As if he could move any further. Definitely not in the state he was in.
Time after time he would ask this question but receive no answer, no, he would remain trapped in limbo for what seemed an eternity. He couldn’t even see his friends or family enter the gates as passed on souls, all was clouded to him. In limbo he shall remain, trapped and surrounded by nothing but clouds and hearing nothing but this voice as he begged for more answers.
“I can’t destroy it!” He yelled back, voice strained. Every word was harder and harder to push out. “It’s… Steve, it’s me, it has part of me in it, and it has my brain. All I need to do is reprogram it and make sure that it stops lashing out whenever it gets annoyed.”
The ex-billionaire couldn’t just sit there and watch him suffer, so he rushed forward and placed his hands on Steve’s shoulders, kneeling in front of him. “Come back to me, Steve, please.” There was not a single hesitation in his movement.
Tony’s teeth chattered with fear, mumbling over and over in an attempt to veil how frightened he was at the sight of the man clawing at the newly repaired glass. He was scratching with fingernails that had been grated down from constant friction to pulps, black ooze spilling down the screen to trail each scratch and pound against the wall of separation. He stood with his shoulders raised, arm again instinctively returning to hold his side. “Why’s he doing that? He know it’s us on the other side…”
Tony quickly staggered back and away from the screen while Steve looked up at him, sorrowfully, eyes full of pain and guilt for even so much as admitting such a thing. “I don’t want to listen to it, I’m trying not to, I’m fighting it, for you.”
“Silence! I need to focus for this to work.”
The light crackling of the fire turned into silence.
The intensity of the kiss continued, their little secret being an adventure in its own, but after such a long day this was just what Steve wanted.
“I don’t have time, I need food I…” He grabbed what he could and cradled it in his arms in a hectic rush, running out of the door. His vision became even more blurred, his breath became fast and then…
“I always do Tony.”
Steve lurched closer, his own repulsors glowing as the other man attempted to get through to him but to no avail. “You are a threat to the humans, along with the rest of your race.”
Steve gently rubbed his cheek against Tony’s affectionately before pulling back to look into his eyes, hovering inches away from his face, “Please Tony… Just let me heal you…”
Rubble trembled as the footsteps of the many began to near, but then it kicked in as an instantaneous trigger.
A manacle, dark cackle echoed in the large room, it came from all over. Steve and Tony looked up and down, around where they stood.  Steve stepped forward a fraction and then quickly a large orange smoke bomb was sent their way. A puff of smoke wafted up Steve’s lungs, making him cough and hack as he quickly covered his mouth with a gauntlet, but strangely enough, his eyes could see right through the blast, seeing a flying machine zoom past.
Tackling them one by one was relatively easy, shooting them down and watching them crumble into heaps of scrap metal. Tony actually considered this fun; it was like a training simulator. Hammer’s bots were always poorly made, so it didn’t take much to take them down.
“This is impossible, a new mutation, a new disease…” Hank pondered over a few samples with Reed close-by, T’challa reading off the screen readings too.
“You wanted to mess with him more?”
“There’s no use fighting, Stark.” Norman said once more. “I could’ve had you alive, but you choose death.”
He coughed, hearing footsteps by the door once more and turning to it with shock to see Steve standing there, with a slightly swollen jaw. “You think I’m going to let you run away from a fight? You can’t just hit me and expect me to not get a reason why, a real reason!” Steve demanded.
No, he thought to himself, now was not the time to pin the blame on himself. He brushed the tears forming by his ducts away, taking a deep breath to steady his trembling.
“Anyone with ‘super powers’. Us included,” Taskmaster confirmed.
A bar was laid across Steve’s legs, which didn’t help him. Both legs were covered completely by this huge, solid support beam that must have fallen. Tony placed both hands on the bar, his fingertips curling around the metal edge, his electronic fingers following before he heaved once; using up the entirety of his remaining strength to shift the bar only inches off Steve’s body. His heart was thudding in his ears when he lifted it, back muscles tense, knees bent whist he pulled with all of his might – tugging the bar only to push it away from Steve’s body. It landed on the ground with a huge thump, creating a small dust cloud. Tony’s hand swiped in front of his face, his fingers numb from the over exertion. He coughed and turned his head away from the dust and residue.
His frustration had reached the end of its tether when he stared up at the darkened sky, filled with clouds with one or two stars making their appearances. He let out a whimper of frustration, considering a whimper was all he could muster with the lack of strength he had left. He was completely drained and his movements clearly displayed that with their sluggish sways. His rage built up and he ended up kicking a stone out of the way, only for it to fly to one side with a loud thud.
“Sir!”
“We were sent here to hunt these two down, because inevitably they kill their dimension, the virus adapts to normal blood streams and they turn – and end up turning other alien races that are here too…” The dark haired man frowned and scratched the back of his head, stepping closer to the blue armoured hero and staring at the two.
“He just looks like a normal guy, you think he needs help?” Jessica asked.
Let me drown, Steve, please, just let me. Why do you have to save me, why do you have to always save me?! I don’t deserve this, I don’t deserve you, and I killed you, Steve! Why don’t you hear me screaming, why can’t you see that I’m trying to make you proud, I’m trying to make everyone proud! I want your love but I don’t deserve it, what’s wrong with me… What am I saying?
Now, that was a conversation starter. Tony had kept that particular room locked and sealed for a good reason. Firstly he didn’t want to fuel Steve’s ego, and secondly he didn’t want the others finding out about his fascination with Captain America, though Pepper made it clear once or twice that he was making it extremely apparent. It didn’t help when he had brought the holo-shield prototype into a boardroom meeting and kept fiddling with it when there was important business to be discussed. Tony Stark was, and always would be, the world’s biggest Captain America fan-boy.
“I haven’t been in his lab for a while…” He certainly wasn’t being distant with Steve, not after their first kiss and many others that followed, usually as an after-mission routine make-out session, both relieving their tensions and gratitude that they were both alive and kicking after some of the things they had done. But come to think of it, emotionally there had been a barrier, something that Tony clearly wasn’t telling anyone.
Steve gave a nod of acknowledgement and gratitude for the reassurance and then faced the screen. “What kind of bomb is it?”
There was just so much to look at, it was hard to keep his eyes on just the man that approached them, smiling at Steve before he tried to brush an oil stain off his lab coat, though he only made it look worse.
He pushed his way through, spotting Maria of all people standing there, eyes darting up to her.
“Here!” Tony threw over a syringe that he’d picked up at the hospital. “It’ll knock her out for a while.”
“Is that radar?” Steve asked, pointing to the holographic circle projected on the screen.
It was almost dreamlike. The wave of shock was slowly being swallowed down, by the both of them, and Steve raised his hand around the back of Tony’s neck, encouraging him to continue. They had an extremely strong friendship to say the least, but this was taking things to a new level, and Steve wanted to be on that level, Tony wanted to be on it too as apprehensive as they both were. Needless to say from the day that Steve had awoken they had shared a bond and a special connection, and it always made Tony wonder that if in some distant dimension, if they were more than just friends. He had witnessed the collision of dimensions before so why not act as the catalyst this time and speed things up to see whether that was possible in his own dimension. They clearly cared for one another.
Overwhelmed didn’t quite cover it, even as Steve began to walk back to the car with his new partner.
To be quite honest, Steve didn’t know what he was in for. He knew he’d be partnered up with a detective but he had just assumed it was one of the regulars for a case. Detective-cop partnerships were often short term anyway, just for a single case and once that was over that was the end of it.
“It’s us, yes.” Steve bit at the corner of his lower lip nervously, keeping his head turned away for a moment so that Tony wouldn’t catch that moment of weakness. His drawings were his heart on paper; they were everything to him, and having someone dislike his work (especially someone he held so dear) would have hurt broken him.
“I know right?! That was a heckuva save! I’m okay though. Must be grass allergies, I hate coming out from the lab because of it.” He rubbed his red nose.
Tony almost jumped when he felt something brush by his leg; a fat looking cat scampered by, meowing and hissing at the two as it dashed by, seemingly not caring about its owner for the time being. But it had one thing in mind as it ran into the previous room – it was going straight for JARVIS.
“I want to see his face.” A muffled voice said from the other side of the cabinet.
“Peter you try and web them back, I’ll get Carol and Jessica,” Tony barked out as he resumed his rightful stand as the leader of the group that he would still deem, as scattered as they were, the Avengers.
The mention of Bucky caused a hitch in his breath. Nonetheless, the armoured soldier kept his guard up, even as Tony managed to make a small circle around him without taking him out of sight once. The jet was far gone by now, but that wouldn’t stop Tony from doing his best to track it. “That hit home huh? You remember Barnes right? Bucky Barnes, your friend, served alongside us, took your place when you’d fallen. Where is he now, Steve? Where’s Bucky?”
“No one is going on killing sprees. Humans are safe,” he clarified.
“Here! Over here!” A young lady standing by a tree signalled, waving her arms back and forth for help when she saw the two coming.
The bot let out a dark laugh and made sure that Steve was chained to the missile. “You don’t like Tony. You never did. You are like everyone else, you use him, you hurt him, and you destroy him. I will help him; I am the only help he needs.”
“So do I.” Steve didn’t falter in his wording.
“If you’re not careful, Tony Stark, then your skull will make a fitting mask for me,” yet another voice said from the same direction as Masters, stepped out the purple cladded villain, Baron Zemo with a sword clutched in his grip.
Then he noticed something fly past him, dodging the boomerang and then punching the guy square in the jaw.  He continued to hold the man, reaching to tie up his hands in one of the cuffs that was latched on his belt when-
Eventually he pressed his knuckles to the door until they made a loud knock. “Steve, you in there?”
“What is it, Tony?”
Steve grunted at him and Tony met his eyes. With a considerable amount of care, Steve pushed Tony to one side and then grabbed the edge of the door and tugged the thick steel once, then again. Tony heard the cracks in Steve’s shoulders when he used force, spotting his elbow bones poke out of the skin whenever he bent his arms, but finally with a mighty heave the door finally opened. A beam of light escaped the crack that Steve had managed to pry open from the hallway, penetrating the darkness of the depowered lab.
“Oh my sweetheart, she’s so scared!” the woman continued on, her white curls bouncing with every overly dramatic head movement she made.
“Well, yeah, considering that the first line of defence that Killgrave and Hammer had was the villains they pit us against, their second line will be those drones, and then once those are taken care of we’ll be able to take them out, fair and square.”
But first: Steve.
“IT IS
to be the host of this thing, where is he? Some host… Sorry guys, just make yourself at home, I’ll go and find him.” She zoomed off, searching the main living quarters. “Tony..!”
“I guess so, but I’m glad you didn’t. Who knows what could’ve happened.”
The darkness began to reappear from the shadows that were in the room, and as much as he tried to struggle this time, it managed to engulf Steve once more.
“Keep up with the times, Rogers. Gosh.”
As he was running, his legs began to stiffen, and he had to slow down. His body was being weighed down and his new legs certainly weren’t co-operating, realising now more than ever that it was taking so much sheer energy to move onward. The slow-down was noticed by Tony just before he grabbed Steve’s hand and tugged him to give him more momentum to carry his heavy metal legs. “Come on, Steve!”
Meanwhile Steve had to distract Doom, and he did so by charging straight at him, since it had taken Doom off guard before, but each strike sent him back a little. All Steve had to do was dig his heels into the ground and push forward, gritting his teeth as he ran. He knew Tony needed time, so he’d do anything he could to give him that.
“Oh, Reed, I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
“What’s wrong Steve, come on, this is supposed to help you.”
All angels start somewhere. They stand at the golden gates of heaven, waiting assignment – those are the souls that had passed. However, there are new born angels; ones that need to grow their wings as they start from an infant’s age are cast down into the earth to protect. Many young angels are unaware of being angels, in fact, they believe they are regular human beings until they are summoned back into the heavens to join and take their rightful place in the heavenly host of angels.
He was still protecting him. Even when Steve was dead, he was still protecting Tony.
“Do you like him?”
“Come on Jan, let’s get you out of here. You’ve been fighting for hours now…”
“So you’re part of this police force right? Trying to take down superhumans? Why? Who are you working for?”
It was time to use the knowledge that Steve had instilled in him; think like your enemy. That’s how the man had saved him in the field many times, but had also gotten the upper hand when fighting him in the ring. It was only during the war that he had realised that it was one of the most important lessons that the Captain had ever taught him.
Tony picked up a relatively large slab of concrete that had fallen from the ceiling and with the help of his enhanced arm, he had managed to use that to create a bridge – he then had to repeat, grabbing more and more slabs, anything he could find that wouldn’t catch fire and threw them on top of the other, forming a small path.
“Fight it…” Steve whispered.
Peter reached into one of his pockets and held out the tiny can in the palm of his torn gloved hand, it had to be compact  if he were to carry it around without any bag, any weight would slow him down, and living a nomadic lifestyle meant that possessions were limited, but his webbing was compulsory. The older man took it from him and quickly punctured a hole in the side of the can with the makeshift knife, then placed the can quickly to Peter’s scalp letting the liquidised webbing drip onto the wound. He then used the flat of the knife to spread it out, making sure the wound was covered as he handed the can back to Peter, wondering if he could somehow use what was left.
The loud pang of bars hitting the ground forced both Steve and Tony to jump to their feet, spinning around to see that their one entrance and exit was now blocked off.
being in situations of helplessness. What he did like was the glowing pride he would feel the moment one of his friends had come to help him, especially if it were Tony. Years of that unspoken connection and years of that bond between them had just earned Tony a special place in his heart…perhaps it could be considered that Steve placed him on a pedestal, even after the war between them. He knew it was all worth it in the end, because no one could take the place Tony had in his heart.
“So that leaves Osborn…”
“No, let’s just say that little malfunction gave me the right sort of lodge, sometimes you need a kick in the head to do things that you’re hesitant to.”
“Go go Stark fire extinguisher!”  The outer side of Tony’s calf seemed to fold back, the soft trouser material suddenly appearing hard and rigid like metal before it pushed out a bright, small compact tube which he stooped down to pick up, trying to hold it over his shoulder and attempted to spray the foam behind him.
“You get arrested and you don’t show up again. Honestly Tony, I don’t know. But if you’re a superhero you just… vanish.”
His hand hovered for a moment just above Steve before tentatively moving in to touch the corner of his strong jaw. He felt a sigh of relief escape his lips the moment he managed to, and then slowly trailed his hand along the square of the man’s jaw, all to receive no reaction from Steve at all. Again he chewed at the corner of his lips, index finger skimming along the Captain’s neck, coursing past his Adams apple and then back up to the other side of his jaw. There was no such structure as perfect as he, the angel that lay lifeless on the desk.
“Y’think we can handle this?”
He wanted Steve Rogers.
“Steve..?” he asked, weakly. His chest in more agony than any part of his body, drained of energy.
“No, no problem at all, Tony.”
The first attack had rattled Tony to the extent where he just
Tony flew off, trying to keep Steve on his trail but the super soldier had other things in mind. He analysed the two and Peter was the weaker target, especially since he was already injured and had an open head wound that could easily be exploited. He’d already begun thinking like a machine.
“Create the kid, Bucky, in his dreams. That’ll help him; it should reduce the panic attacks, especially if he’s got a security blanket there.”
“Heh…”
“The car is almost done sir, modifications are almost complete. We’re currently uploading the newer AI system into its mainframe.”
“I made a mistake with it, in the first place. You don’t know how many people were hurt because of it!” He could see the way it pushed Rumiko in his mind, repeating over and over, the way it took him away, and now it was being used again. He tried repeatedly to destroy it and now he had no other options – he had to fix it before it was used again for evil.
“Blood rush, I assume.” Tony mumbled, rubbing Steve’s back and sitting next to him, eyes fixed on him with concern. Even though he was focused on Steve he could feel the eyes of the others from behind the glass and wondered if this is how Steve had felt throughout the duration of his stay; watched, spied upon with little privacy. Instead he huddled Steve close, keeping him tight in his arms as though he were trying to protect him from the overlooking gaze of the others. He stayed there and pressed his faceplate to the side of Steve’s face. He desperately wanted to lift it and give him the reassurance he needed and much more, but he knew that Steve had to be completely cured before he could do that. Tony had faith in the transfusion and hoped that would work, hoping at that point was an understatement; he was actually close to praying it would work. He was sick of telling the others that they couldn’t come in to visit him because he knew that Steve would hate being seen in the state that he was, so having to lie to the other Avengers about Steve’s health was slowly tearing him apart as it was.
Steve’s words began to sound more coherent and less frequent, which was a good sign. Although he still had that glazed look in his eyes, that was probably the repercussion from the chip that Tony had torn at so roughly, but he was going to make sure that all the correct wires were intact, praying that this air borne neural toxin wasn’t making Steve spout these words.
“Then how can I ..? When I don’t believe in angels?”
“No… Steve! Snap out of it!” Tony panicked, kicking his legs out a little at the man who straddled himself on top of him, scratching and trying break the armour, clearly trying to bend the pieces that were neatly folded over his skin.
“Excuse you? I’ve got the best record in the shooting range.”
“Sorry, was in a hurry,” Tony said, rolling his eyes in retaliation.
Jessica held Carol’s arm tightly.
“Just for some coffee.” Steve replies calmly, taking off his own jacket to slide around Tony’s shoulders. Steve was sensitive, yes, but somewhat numbed to arctic winds, besides; it was only a place around the corner. It wasn’t as though he was going to go for a hike in the snowy mountains.
“You’ve got more heart than people credit you to have… You know that, right?”
“I promise you’ll be back.”
“Are you
The gunshot echoed, making the birds flutter around with alarm. Tony growled and pawed at Steve, as though telling him to get up. He let out a shrill screech and turned, powering up the unibeam in his chest again, distraught. The sound began to get louder while he charged up, trying to figure out how he had managed to shoot it in the first place, the memory escaping him entirely. He was like a child with a toy that he didn’t know how to use, an angry child that just wanted his toy to work.
Steve could feel Tony’s fear; he could see the way his body stiffened as they closed the gap between him and the infamous Victor von Doom.
Tony leaned up and pressed his lips against Steve’s. If this was a dream then there was no harm, and it must’ve been a dream – with angels not being real and all. The kiss would make it perfect, especially since he’d been dying to do it for so long, afraid of being judged or pushed back, or that it would even ruin their friendship. ‘Dream Steve’ was irrelevant though.
“Team?! This is Cap here, calling out for anyone – respond!”
He couldn’t let that dampen his spirits, not when he was sure that he was going to have a great day. Optimism fuelled each step in his polished black shoes.  New York was seen as the Land of Opportunity and it definitely offered just that to the cop.
With a one handed salute, keeping Steve hoisted up in his arms he watched the others flee, seeing them move much more rapidly than they approached. And just like that, they were gone, away to deal with the other brainwashed ringleaders as such, who worked for this mysterious supreme leader. Every time something eventful happened he felt the need to lay out a firm plan of action in his mind;
“Yes… I mean, well… It’d be different…” That slip of the tongue when he had first answered the question.
Tony glanced over his shoulder, “Did you unlock it JARVIS?”
Steve’s hand that supported Tony’s back slid down the curve of his rear, edging closer and closer between the cheeks and finally, the tip of his finger gave Tony’s opening a testing press. His body stiffened right away and his eyes widened, “W-wait…” He whispered as he broke from the kiss, licking the tendrils of saliva that trailed as he pulled away. He reached his arm down to the first aid box that was by the bed, his hand fumbling around for it clumsily, pulling out the small pot of medical lubricant. He popped the cap open on the bottle using his teeth then held it out for Steve to take. That was a good idea, at least it was safe, as if doing what he was doing with metal fingers wouldn’t hurt enough.
“Now that he’s sedated we can actually go in there and collect samples, it’ll make work easier. The only samples we have are when the virus had first started attacking, now that the virus has fully evolved we can work on an antibiotic of some sort.”
“If you do, tell ‘em we need to assemble, Central Park, as soon as possible.”
Peter sat down and mimicked Tony’s small bounce to test the mattress the other side of the curtain. “Sheets and all. Wow, remind me to tip room service.”
Steve’s fingers began trailing the hem of Tony’s designer black pants, unzipping the front, slipping his hand into them without hesitation.
Steve placed the piece he had just took a chunk of down on the plate, and wiped his mouth with a napkin before half-turning to face Tony. “I was starving after training, sorry. I would’ve invited you if I’d known.”
“Justin, tell me what it’s like to be knocked out by your own tech.”
“Yeah, she’s got me. Don’t worry, Steve!” The only thing that Tony could think about was the fact that Steve worried about him. It wasn’t being scared of him, it was genuine worry and care; he could see it from that soft look in his eyes. Again with that loud drumming in his chest, he tapped it a few times to make sure that his reactor hadn’t malfunctioned yet again, then turned to watch Steve walking up his stoop.
Again, the acrylic knife that he had came in handy as he leaned closer, he pressed the edge to him and began to cut, cringing himself as he did. Blood seeped from the newly opened wound and Peter clenched his fists tightly. Since it was more of a lump under the skin, Tony had hoped that it was above the brain, just over the skull and much to his relief he was correct. There was the flashing green square. “Why did you get this, kid?” He asked, mainly to distract the boy.
“How? Tell me Steve! Not all of us can be as flawless as you are!”
Steve slowly reached up. “To-ny…”
Once they finished their hot chocolates, it was time to head back and Steve stopped right before the door.
here, and we don’t want to mess up the timeline even more than we already are. Things can go terribly wrong--”
“And that… The city would still be under siege by Doom’s monstrosities.”
“What
Photos of the ‘partners’ flashed up on the screen. Octavious, Hammer, Stane, Bain and many more – all with the words ‘deceased’ and how they died.
There was no way out now.
“Yes, Captain. We have a unique system, and I’ve worked with him on his suits a number of times. You got what I said was in the vault?”
“You take a step closer and your cyborg friend loses his memory.”
Was that some sort of confession?
He grit his teeth, his body numb, nothing but rage in his mind. “Arrh!” Tony screamed, pushing himself up on the single ankle he had left, throwing his body with every last ounce of strength and grabbing Norman, pulling him to the ground and beating him, over and over. Tony was blinded by rage and offence.
Tony was tied up,  as were the knocked out agents that had attempted to try and tackle the living armour, but Tony was tied to the wall, pulling at the binds as best  as he could, even though all attempts were futile at that moment. The living armour had spouted wires from its fingertips, slithering along and into the computer systems. He wanted all of the information, all of it, every single piece so that it could learn and surpass its creator, but not for that purpose alone – so that it could empower Tony when they became one single entity, when they merged.
Prologue:
Cap’sboot shifted in a circular motion, leg entirely following the motion as the skull masked mercenary surged forward. Steve caught the tip of his dirtied white boot with his leg, causing him to topple over. Their movements by this point were slow, lagged by fatigue, each motion more sluggish than the next. The heaviness of their clothing in the rain didn’t help; soaked garb making each move weigh like a tonne of bricks were tied to their limbs.
“I’ve managed to take care of Whirlwind, I just need to get him out of here.”
There was a reason Tony didn’t want to remove his shirt. There was also a reason that he hadn’t been working in his regular tank top these last few weeks.
…He fell.
“He is mine. He is not yours. He is
He was sure he was going to bleed out and die right there and then, but he felt the heat from one of Hammers bots over his shoulder.
Steve looked around from side to side as he walked, “Just between you and me…” He whispered, “…I’m Captain America.”
“No, Steve, you’re going to be fine, I said I’d help you right?”
“Tony.” He warned. “Take it off.”
“I’d ask if you were okay, Cap, but we ain’t got time for the formalities!” Bucky was panicking.
“Do you mind if I..?”
. There was no way he was going to let his partner get hurt, not after what had happened with his old partner back home. Besides, there was something just so innocent about Tony; a pureness and determination that inspired Steve to do a better job too, he couldn’t let him get hurt. So, when he managed to catch up he greeted Batroc with a mighty smack in the face for hurting his companion.
Steve turned his head to look at Natasha; he knew from personal experience with the Guardian that he wasn’t an easy fight. Russia’s equivalent to Captain America was never easy, but they had history, a history that Steve didn’t know all that well. That being said, he knew little of Natasha’s past given her need to keep it largely a secret.
“Explosion was by the park, just a bit further up. You know how long it’s taken for the park to look like that after what happened?”
Steve sympathised and gave Tony a comforting stare that spoke far louder than actions and was enough to stop any more tears. “I know. You gave me a home, Tony. And I trust with all my heart that you’ll be able to build something better, something bigger and something for us all. This time, it’ll be better.”
“Don’t touch me, Steve.”
“That was a close one!” Steve shouted over the flames, pulling Tony out from the exit he had made. Tony followed, hand grasping Steve’s tightly as they took to leaving the mansion.
Take me away, I beg you, demons of my past for I wish not to endure another day, take me to the land of my dreams, take me anywhere else but here. I can’t live without him, without my pillar, my rudder to keep me going.
The screens were showing how the virus was attacking and changing the blood cells, draining them of all the oxygen and then forcing out the unnecessary toxins which explained why Steve vomited up the strange liquid.
“Yes sir!” He said far too over enthusiastically, biting on the inside of his lips to supress the cursewords he wanted to let out.
There wasn’t even a sound from them; not a single reaction aside from the head turn and dead stare.
“Where do I begin..?”
“Right. Yeah, you must be exhausted.”
He would have assumed since they spotted him in a police uniform that he wouldn’t be called a tourist, but apparently the locals had a way of just
Steve let out a low chuckle, gently pumping his hand along Tony’s length whilst Tony placed the palms of his hands on Steve’s chest, one on the metallic half, the other on his actual skin.
“It was a year ago now, probably just a couple of months longer than that. The story began with me being a rich billionaire, a guy that was always swarmed by the press, New York’s hottest bachelor on the market that had it all; brains, looks, brawn—well, I could work on the brawn, but I wasn’t too bad looking. I was famed for my work on robotics…” Tony gestured for Steve to follow him deeper into the lab. All he had to do was snap his fingers and the lights instantly dimmed; only a few speckles of cyan and little torches held by the bots lighting the room up until Tony tapped something on his hat and placed it on a table, shooting up a projection from the top of it of what Tony used to look like. Truth be told, there wasn’t much of a difference to how he looked now. In the projection he looked tall and polished and lacked the huge trench coat he was sporting nowadays.
As he managed to push past the smoke and remaining flames he saw Tony standing there in a room full of now broken and destroyed Captain America memorabilia, quickly Tony grabbed something which he crumpled and shoved into his pocket before dashing out and grabbing Steve’s shoulders. “Cap, you need to… You need to get to the lab, I have something to do here- go, quickly, you know my password!”
Whenever he tried to think about it his mind would drift onto other things, mainly the constant and reoccurring pain in his stomach. He had attempted to ration the food that he was given as he was used to back in his own time and back on the field but he would feel his mind just black out completely, as though he had fallen into an abyss and when he had finally managed to heave himself out of it, the food was gone and his hands were covered with the crumbs and remnants of the once whole meal.
“Janet? What happened?” Tony quickly asked, her and Steve both placing a hand on her shoulders.
Tony circled around him to examine the damage and pulled him closer. One of the tendrils of Extremis danced off the surface of his armour and moved on its own accord to raise Steve’s chin. “Look at that, you’re bleeding…”
He frowned, rubbing his jaw, then Peter swung by and landed on his own two feet beside Tony, eyes fixed on Carol.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got this, Rogers!” He replied, reaching into his pocket and pulling out one of the gadgets he was working on in the car from time to time. Then again Tony was constantly working on new things when they were alone on patrol, between cat-rescues. This one was a small circular device. “Handy dandy Stark destabiliser!”  He beamed, holding it up in the air for that added dramatic effect, before slamming it down on the hood of the car that he’d managed to scramble to. At first nothing happened, it just fizzled and Tony frowned, muttering to himself before tapping it a few times and then suddenly—
Without a second thought, he walked out of the office, long strides past each individual office filled with studious workers, most of them with their heads in the game. The moment they caught Tony striding by they quickly turned their heads from perhaps staring into space to going back to work.
“Any time.” Steve placed a friendly arm around Tony, before slipping the watch on.
In all honestly, they had no idea how they were standing. It was as though they were linked in mind, and soul, and now body. Their willpower had been shared between them, mounting a strong impenetrable defence, even from the Purple Man’s enhanced ability.
“Those? Long story.”
Tony’s fingertips ran along the nape of Steve’s neck, trying to bury just under his collar. The second that Steve felt it, he reached blindly for the tie that was hanging loose around the billionaire’s neck, giving it one small tug before it fell to the ground. The faint chime of Steve’s dog tags filled the room as he moved.
He wasn’t flying on a rocket, he was home.
“Rogers, meet Detective- self-proclaimed ‘inspector’- Stark. Your new partner.”
If he wasn’t in front of Nick, he probably would’ve burst out into tears and threw a table at the nearest wall. As it was, he just slumped against the wall, exhausted.
He found his jaw quivering as he looked deep into his soul-less eyes once more, pleadingly, hoping and praying that wasn’t him staring back, that this was some hallucination. He felt broken at the realisation when his fingers touched the sharpness along his jaw, that he could practically feel the bone.
“Where’s the coffee?” He asked, sauntering up to Steve.
Tony cleared his throat to regain his leader-like posture and composure. “We’re heading to Hammer’s main building, that’s probably where they’ll be. It’s not far from here. If he’s got a similar set-up to the factory we first fought him out he’ll be there with a boat load of drones. So we’ll need all the power we can get.”
“And you will, Winghead, trust me. I’ll do everything I can, in fact I promise not to sleep a wink until you’re out of here, deal?”
“Steve, pal, what’s wrong?!” He asked.
’ built with cybernetic capabilities that eclipsed any on this planet whilst invoking Steve’s communal memories, but it was before that, way before that. He was fresh blood; most importantly, he was a blank slate. He was still human and had yet to be rebuilt into the machine and slave to Ultron that he was foreordained to become. This Steve was a blank slate that Tony could take and make into something of his own, shape and mould him into the dream Captain America that he wanted to serve by his side instead of fight against.
“I trusted them, Peter.”
“What are you, little fella?” Steve asked, able to see his own reflection in the golden plate. He wasn’t surprised that it could talk, after all Howard was a genius, he could create anything he wanted and Steve had seen an array of machines during his previous visits.
“This is like the freaking zombie apocalypse...”
JARVIS was restored with a backup disk that Janet had managed to recover when they had returned to the mansion ruins, which was helpful and a relief for the inventor. Everyone seemed to love their new living space, and the tower in itself was one of Tony’s proudest creations. Not to mention he adored his new lab with even more space for all of his suits and creations underground. He did mourn the loss of his old suits and salvaged all he could from the old mansion, but for now he was content with what he had, and there was certainly no looking back.
Tony wanted to feel unbroken, he wanted to touch the man and for his heart to lift at every single utter.
The tension was thick. It was difficult to breathe. But deep breaths, just like Steve had taught him. Lungs flooding with blood from internal wounding would be no obstacle, because he knew the next few moments would be the last he had to save everyone.
The injection contained some cocktail of chemicals that had been directly injected into Steve’s blood stream and had stopped his organs from functioning and thus had managed to stop the serum from being pumped through his veins causing an instantaneous death. Zola must have harvested enough data on the serum back in Dimension  Z to learn more about the serum, so much so that he had learned how to stop it from flowing, he had learned with that concoction to disable it.
Steve stared, wide eyed, still flustered from the kiss but his eyes showing that he yearned for more. “What?” He asked in a breath.
“Over your fingers… Then there…”
“I’m… We’ll work on it, but if you think that I was going to leave you over you giving me the ability to walk again, then you’ve taken me for a sucker, Stark. There’s no way in hell I’d leave you, Shellhead. We’ll be together through the thick and the thin,” Steve confessed, now taking advantage of his second chance at life. “The two of us.”
It didn’t take long for the woman to get to her feet, spinning around and zooming toward them like a bull with a red flag waved in front of it, her eyes glowing, red shimmering lights glowing in the darkness. Tony noticed that the sun was starting to rise, peeking through the corner of the window that he was thrown to, not that he had time to admire it. He was being thrown out with Peter alongside him with the powerful woman having a tight grip of both of their necks. The remainder of the glass that was attached to the pane shattered upon impact as though it were sugar glass.
“If you’re implying I’m an angel, still, after all of this, you’re wrong, Steve.” He stared with an enforced intensity, speaking with such conviction. “I am no angel. I wish I was. If I was I could do so much, I could help so many people. But these are works of fiction…”
He could do it, as long as he was with Steve.
There was one laser at the end that Tony didn’t tackle, it was only thanks to the little robotic dog lagging behind with its squeaky wheels moving slowly to be somewhat stealthy tugging at Tony’s trouser leg with his teeth that he’d noticed.
his heart over the internal whirring of machinery inside him. His eyes fixed, wide on the fallen man.
Tony was drawn closer to the glass like a moth to a flame.
“Take it off…” Tony whispered, only for Steve to obey, letting the blue shirt slip down his shoulders. Huge muscle bound arms, just as he expected, just as he’d seen and felt, the same arms that would deliver those distinctive bone crushing hugs that Tony adored. He loved those arms, there were no words to describe how much so.
“And… What exactly are we planning to do?” Clint asked. “You haven’t told us jack, Iron Man.”
“So what now? What’s the plan Nick?” he asked, waggling his foot, now free of the brand by messy scratching.
There was a huge bang as Peter was struck to the ground, Steve following the falling body and catching him mid-air, doing a dip and then flying toward one of the many jets that were flying by. With the speed he was going he could catch up to a moving jet in no time, a door flinging open and hands reaching out for the fallen spider, taking him in whilst Steve flew to find the second target.
Steve’s fingers were threaded in Tony’s dark ebony hair, lips pressed to his skin. Blissful sighs and whispers escaped their mouths and caught in the moment, the engineer’s head leaned back, knocking at one of the pillows and then his bright azure orbs widened. “Uh-oh…”
One last kiss, one final press against the cold lips.
“Thanks for beating around the bush…” Tony shrugged, gesturing to his arm. “You know it’s gotten bad when I’m resorting to using Hammer’s tech.”
The Captain’s eyes widened, his head began to spin and there were images of him saying those very words to a man in a domino mask swirling in a pool of memories.
“That I do. And the secret to the serum is in your blood alone, and once you’re dead I’ll drain every single drop of blood from your body and inject it into your friends here – and then they’ll be the perfect soldiers.”
“That’s not true…” Jessica whispered, only to get the stink eye in return from Fury. Not that she was particularly bothered by it; instead she turned her head away and grabbed her sandwich from her desk, taking a huge bite out of it in spite.
“The one and only, okay now the party can start.”
It was then it clicked.
Steve winced, the shield finally fading which gave Doom the chance to raise his hand and slam it down with a tremendous back-hand, the metal colliding with Steve’s face as he dropped to the ground. It was the hardest hit he had ever felt in his life, and growing up in Brooklyn he’d sure felt plenty of hard hits before. The power of metal behind it must have added some extra weight, and if that wasn’t enough the hand was already crackling with energy that coursed through Steve’s system simultaneously and caused him to collapse to those smooth marble floors, unconscious.
Steve’s cheeks went red when he felt Tony’s hand brush against his own, even if it wasn’t real it was still… Well, Tony. He brought his hand up and looked at what he was given; a silver watch shaped like a star. His eyes lit up the second he looked at it. “Tony, you shouldn’t have… I mean, I didn’t do much to deserve this.”
Even when he was flying earlier he tried to suppress how angry he was that this was real, that this could’ve been real. Internally he knew that the serum had really existed, after all, Extremis was developed upon the foundation of the initial serum, but that didn’t prevent resentment from simmering knowing that there could’ve been other heroes to help him had they been given the serum. Extremis was different, it was something he would never share for a number of different reasons, particularly down to the risks that came with it, but the super soldier serum in its purest form perhaps could’ve taken things down a different road entirely.
“What is care?”
“Now you mention it, it did seem violent, but I figured that was just because Masters used to work for Bain… And they had a history, didn’t they?”
“No—I mean… Holy smokes…” Steve pointed to the tips of Tony’s jacket that was trailing with smoke, leaving streams whenever Tony tried to swivel around to take a look.
Steve then walks in with a dozen bags in his hands, barely able to see over the top of them. He tries to place them down as carefully as he could, and with that wobble of the top of the bag, Tony takes it as his cue to run toward the man like a puppy expecting treats. He ran up to the man and helped him with a few of the bags, doing a sweep of the room before he places a gentle peck to Steve’s cheek.
into the office. Wide eyed, he took in the sight of what would usually be considered a rather dapper looking man in a designer black suit, if not for his oversized charcoal grey trench-coat and fedora that looked as though it’d come straight out a gangster movie, with mismatched red gloves and red boots that seemed to fold away and turn into a pair of normal shoes and normal hands, right in front of Steve’s eyes. Quite frankly he couldn’t believe what he was seeing; this guy had just flown in and transformed his feet and hands.
“Because Tony… I’ve seen what he’s done to you, he’s hurt you, he’s the cause of your wings being like this.” Steve explained, trying to keep Tony in his grip when it was clear by Tony’s hand dropping from patting his back, that he wasn’t impressed at the mention of his father.
Steve cut the signal as he heaved his weight up along the edge of the rooftop to scout the area. There was nothing out of the ordinary that he could spot from that vantage point asides from the factory not too far away that had smoke piping out of its chimneys. Steve knew that factory – he had seen it numerous times in the past, but it had never been lit. It had always been vacant.  An abandoned place for the kids to run to and play in. Truth be told, Steve had never been inside himself, but he had passed by frequently.
Steve looked up and at that moment Tony could’ve sworn Steve’s eye colour was different. He knew it so well after staring eye to eye with him on countless occasions, his eyes seemed lighter in colour, a pale blue rather than azure.
“Understood.”
“Tony, focus!” Steve yelled. With MODOK’s eyes on him he drew out his gun, aiming carefully at one of the tiny arms that was placed close to a control panel on the chair, though since the hovering prune saw it, the second that Steve shot it seemed to deflect off an invisible barrier of some sort.
“We’ll give the kid a peaceful death, one that’ll let Steve recover properly. From what my father told me, Barnes was K.I.A on a rocket, a premature death, after invading a HYDRA base. We can at least give Rogers some solace if there’s a better way.” Even the fiercest of soldiers had sympathy for their brethren, and Fury was no different.
Peter turned his head from side to side, seeing people jump out of corners as though they were rats crawling out from the sewer at the first sign of food. He glanced down at his web cartridges that he had prepared a long time in advance; like he’d said, there hadn’t been any labs he was able to use so what he had was limited. SHIELD only contacted once in a blue moon, and it was their own responsibility to stay off the radar especially with these killings becoming more frequent; though this meant, as Tony so observantly spotted, that his webbing was much weaker than it potentially could be.
Steve knelt down, but Tony stopped him before he could say anything, holding up his hand and pointing the repulsor at MODOK, allowing him to hear the high pitched charge-up noise it made as a warning.
“One quick fire this ought to do it.” Tony mumbled quickly, powering up his reactor before sliding his shoulders back, sticking out his chest and firing a unibeam straight from the bright light in his chest, shooting it straight through the monsters that hurled themselves his way.
The cop knew that this would definitely be interesting.
“I’ve been expecting you.—”
It was time to
“Tony. You’re so strong… We’ll get you home, I promise.” His voice was broken, each word a stutter. He pulled back hesitantly, not daring to move too much, but Tony just lay still in his arms, his eyes shut so peacefully.
Tony’s eyes widened sharply and he placed both hands on Steve’s chest, trying to push himself away as he felt teeth sinking into his lips, tugging at the flesh before one final bite and—
“The mansion isn’t far from here Tony, I’m sure we could soldier on.”
There it was, the final
“More? Tony, he’s eaten enough…”
More static and then a muffled “Captain” echoed around him.
Tony’s chest felt heavy, “Another one?”
“You call me Steve too, Captain is for the battlefield.” He nodded, reaching out for Tony’s hand. The dark haired man smiled joyfully and took Steve’s hand, giving it a firm shake.
The robot bleeped, “The Captain America? The hero, the sentinel of liberty? I have read of you!” It exclaimed.
“My point exactly. Sue has her methods of dealing with things. It would just be reassurance if we had a second opinion. Your scanners should be able to do just that.”
Janet hovered around Steve’s shoulder, asking, “So what’s the plan, Cap?”
“I’ll never tell you!”
“We already have.” Tony pointed out, pointing to the civilians staring out of their windows.
“You’re going down, pal, I won’t let you two stand after what you did to Tony!” Steve shouted with conviction.
“What angel? Who?” He would plea, shouting up in return, staring upward into the endless abyss of clouds, seeking out an answer.
“That
Doom frowned under the mask and cleared his throat loudly, “As I was saying. After the accident they rebuilt me, they made me who I truly am. I was shed of my human skin and I was made into a GOD.” He stood up, hands sparking with electricity.
“Tony, tell me what’s wrong? It’s that suit, isn’t it?” He turned to the empty suit of armour. “Rhodey told me to keep an eye on it, he said it wasn’t right. Is that why you… It wasn’t you that punched me, was it?”
The door was left open earlier by Johnny when he had left. Steve had only noticed when he tilted his head up to bask in the glory of the sun and noticed the trail of fire, although to him by this point he didn’t know what that was. His memories were little more blurry hazes at best. He had a selective thought process, as did Tony; he only wanted to eat at the moment. The sun that he had once craved was already drying his skin, the searing rays and the sparse water remaining in Steve’s system meant that the sun was
“Tony— “
It was hard to be confident when there was nothing but silence.
“Anyway, I wasn’t the only one in the robotics industry. Turns out that guy over there was in it too, but in a different field. He ventured more in space and dimensional travel and robotics that would help that sort, nanny bots for his future family too.  We’ve been friends since high school, and we decided to meet up and collaborate on a project.” Reed appeared in the hologram, looking significantly younger than he was now, even though it was only a year ago. It really showed how work would often age you with stress, though he still had his signature grey temples and messy brown hair as well as a light dust of stubble on his upper lip probably from days on end spent in the confines of a lab. There was really that much detail in a tiny hologram.
“I can’t lose you.” Steve whispered.
“Geez Louise! I’m sorry ma’am!” Steve exclaimed, reaching over to try and meekly dust a little of the foam off the black cat.
Tony was staring at Steve, looking at him through the screens rather than using the window this time. The faintest of smiles crept along his lips, at least it was a little alleviating to see Steve kept busy, back drawing again. He could’ve sat there for hours on end watching Steve draw lie that, with such talent and such skill, in awe of the beauty not only of the drawing but of the man holding the pen. His silent feelings for the Captain never did and never would subside as much as he tried to resist them, and seeing him in a helpless state only made him yearn for him even more. He made a deal to himself; the second that Steve was out of there he would tell him, he would tell him everything, every single emotion he had felt. From the moment they first met up until now, how he loved and adored Steve with every bone in his body and wanted nothing more than to just grow old with him – and that was saying something for Tony. He was a man that secretly wanted to commit, but failed to do so since the loss of Rumiko (the one woman he was so close to marrying years ago) and had since been plagued with women who either didn’t want to or had darker intentions. Steve had been one of his longest relationships and they had always seemed closer than friends just friends, who else would he turn to if he couldn’t sleep?
That was until he felt the cold kiss of metal press against his chest. Tony huddled over him, he shielded him.
That knot in his stomach wouldn’t go away, in fact, with every passing moment it became tougher. He placed his hand over his stomach.
Steve pumped his hand faster, rising to the challenge, giving him an open mouthed grin, but trying to maintain his focus on pleasuring the ex-billionaire.
needed to get going.
“Get the food in there quick, maybe it’ll help!” Tony barked at Reed.
“You’re going to have to defeat me to find out!”
“I want to Steve… Really I do.” Tony’s blue eyes sparkled with sadness, looking up at him with a pleading face, his fingertips once more curling into the shirt of the man before him.
“Tony!” His cry turned into a gurgle as the instruments held him down.
“Must be to power the device Hammer’s helping Killgrave build.” Steve stood by, curling his fingers and signalling for the others to sidle against the wall. He made sure that he took the front so he could peer around the corner and gauge the patrol patterns of the bots. Luckily AI were more predictable and had a set pattern and routine, and it took him a matter of minutes to figure out what their patterns were.
“He was a test subject.”
When they stepped out of the last gallery for the night Steve pushed his hair back, embracing the wonderfully peaceful night. “Thank you Tony, this has probably been one of the best days of my life, actually. Knowing that the city is safe and well… Spending time with you.”
The silence was what scared Tony the most, and his own posture began to stiffen, watching as Steve’s long fingers reached out, touching the metal outline and withdrawing as though he had just touched fire. They reached out again, gently touching the surface, following the shape down to his calf. His expression the entire time remained unchanged, but Tony could see the subtle quivers in his jaw, the slight part in his lips, the distinct furrow of his powerfully shaped eyebrows that twitched with confusion and a clear amount of fear.
To his surprise there’s a small note in place, resting just in front of the face of the digital clock. Tony reaches for the paper and pulls it closer to see, his vision still with an edge of blur as he tries to wake up just a little more.
“Norman you scum…!” He yelled with venom. “Let me see your god damn face!” His stare incredulous as he yanked the mask up, only to see another man’s face. That wasn’t Norman… It definitely wasn’t Norman. Filled with shock, that boiling sickness and acidic taste in his mouth once again began to rise up his oesophagus.
He ran as fast as he could, boots slamming against the pavement and through puddles, kicking up water as he ran to where Tony said he would be based, which wasn’t too far. The rain descended in spikes of silver, obscuring Steve’s vision as he thrust the entirety of power he had into his legs.
“I’ll make sure Hank knows it was you that got her shocked,” he said, giving Tony a look.
“Steve… Please, I promise, this will help you.” He spoke through the helmet, biting his lower lip but glad that Steve couldn’t see him doing that.
“He doesn’t want you..?” Steve asked with a puzzled look. The robot shook its face and raised its hands, placing the red fingertips over the bright lights.
She sipped her coffee, leaving a bright red lipstick mark on the porcelain white mug and smiled reassuringly at him. “You don’t have to be so tense, you know.”
Everything was neatly in a bundle as he took his first steps into the barren land that was once his city. It was a sight for sore eyes, that was for sure. The more he walked, the more his heart sank. It seemed empty, but then came the crowd of people over where Central Park used to be. All staring in unison at a huge screen with Norman Osborn talking about the upgrades to the chip, or new possible augmentations that people could buy. The guy was selling augmentations like it was Botox. As though it was the next best thing to have a limb hacked off and replaced with a cybernetic arm or leg.
Then he gestured to the rest of the fallen bodies that were littered around the dark lab. They were all picked of flesh, some bitten all over, lifeless. It seemed that a serum of some sort needed to be present for this virus to spread as Reed had first hypothesised -- perhaps far too late.
Tony’s eyes once more saddened at the sight of it, and then reached down; removing Steve’s other boot cover, and then his other gauntlet. He sighed heavily and found that the more he was discovering the more grief it caused. There was hesitance in his action when he reached for the edge of Steve’s shirt, but the super soldier nodded, giving him his consent. He rolled up the familiar, star spangled uniform to see that most of his torso was covered in the metal plating, with a giant star shaped reactor in the centre, but the metal was somewhat transparent and it was strange; instead of wiring Tony could see a fusion of circuitry and clockwork wheels. He’d become a clockwork soldier.
It was infuriating. He couldn’t move, and he wasn’t being heard no matter how loudly he was shouting, but Steve Rogers was a man of persistence, he wasn’t about to give up. He tried and tried, no unsure whether it was making any difference or not.
It was best to not think about him, especially since that guardian of his wasn’t around any longer, and the thought of that just broke his heart. Faded dreams left a bitter taste on his tongue.
Steve was mesmerized and in awe of the emergency tactics that Tony had just deployed, fixed on him when he was reminded by the loud sirens that he had a job to do, so he didn’t have long to stare and wonder what else Tony had up his sleeve. Quickly he slammed down the acceleration, trying to get the old coughing car to go as fast as it could.
Tony looked up to the glass for confirmation then looked at his own oxygen supply which was running low. He sighed. “Let me go get a new tank then I’ll be right in okay, Cap? I’ll be back, just give me a while, gotta get this suit cleaned up again and… Yeah, I’ll be here.” He fumbled to his feet, making sure Steve was resting, pushing his hair out of his face for him before he stood and then walking to the door. It was heart breaking to leave Steve like this, if only for a short moment. He looked so helpless, so sick, so ill. The last time he had seen Steve looking remotely like this it was when his serum had failed and the loss of it had made him as skinny as he once was. But he hoped with all of his heart that this was the start of Steve’s recovery.
“What happened..?” He asked, reaching the doorway of the lab.
“We were looking all over for you, thought you’d escaped Mr. host…”
Steve’s heart was buzzing with adrenaline, running as quickly as he could and zipping past Tony to help this young woman. Tony pouted when he was overtaken, by foot no less, “Go go Stark rocket boots!”  he jumped up with his boots catching the light again, just as they had done before, the cyan glow illuminating the grass below whist he quickly sped past Steve- the boots allowing him to fly far higher than the already tall policeman was.
Maybe he had gone to heaven if there was such a place? If so how very dare he leave him here to suffer like this. The thought had crossed his mind many times before, and he’d even gone back up to visit his coffin, his real coffin back where he had set it; in the block of ice, back to sink back into the cold seas which he had fallen into once upon a time. But overall this could have been a way of Tony repenting, even though he wasn’t a religious person he had to have some form of justification as to why he wasn’t seeing the hollow figure of his hero in the streets. There must always be a reason for everything and that’s how a scientist’s brain works.
It then dawned on him; it wasn’t a dream.
Tony’s eyes took a moment to adjust to the light, his pupils slowly constricting. The Captain staggered first through the gap and out into the hallway, dragging his feet with every step against the grain of the carpet. Meekly, Tony followed. He crawled out, as he found hard to walk with the heavy armour still locked on his legs after their escape from quarantine. Each step was harder to make than the last as they stepped along the exquisite red carpet that Tony had picked out himself to decorate the hallways. His hands scraped over the Victorian patterned wallpaper until his fingertips met the frame of an ornate golden mirror he had set up in the hallway for his pass-by hair checks. He remembered setting it up and mounting it…having to call Steve to help him do so. It was one of the few things that had survived the mansion’s first destruction, to his surprise, an antique mirror was salvaged from the rubble of the old mansion and placed in the new one as a reminder of what still stood from the past. He stood in front of it and stared at his new appearance – his eyes were the same tint as Steve’s were now, his bottom lip was missing. From there, trails of black and red liquid dripped off his chin and threaded through his beard, and strings of blood and ooze dripping from the rough edges of his untamed beard to the ground and down his neck. His skin was pale and grey, visible veins filled with black along segments of his face. He looked lifeless, he looked sick and decrepit. Steve noticed how the man was lagging behind and turned on his foot, making his way back to Tony’s side and grabbed his arm with his bony, cold fingers.
Steve could see that the rage was causing the armour to make rash decisions, so while he taunted it, he dodged the beams that spiralled his way, spinning and dodging before punching his hand right through where Tony had told him to, next to the crack that had already formed. He pushed his hand so deep within the crevice that he could feel shards of metal scrape and cut at his hand, grabbing the warm source before ripping it out. The lights of the armour began to dim and it slowly but surely, eventually fell by Steve’s feet.
“You?” Steve’s eyebrows, fuzzy through the mirror made them, rose with interest.
Truth be told Steve didn’t think it was the right time to brag, but he nodded nonetheless as Tony began to look past the door to see what they were really dealing with. It was hard to stay serious when Tony had that all knowing smirk that made Steve nervous and confident at the same time, it was a strange feeling indeed.
The occasional scuttling of rats feet by the door made Tony stir, then more sounds started to ring through his ears; the sound of the wind rattling the rocks, the propellers of the search light helicopters as they did their rota, then the loud sound of a wood plank falling was what made Tony sit up. He knew it was either the wind, or something they didn’t place back properly when they were entering the building.
Steve walks in just behind him with a hand on his back, taking in his reaction. He can’t tell whether Tony is shocked in the bad sense or good, just yet.
Tony caught the way his jaw shivered, the way his pupils dilated and body tensed. “Come back Steve… I need you,” he whispered to him, his eyes going tear-bright at the image before him.
“Can we not let him, maybe it’ll help?”
Tony stared, wide eyed with awe. It was amazing that under that uniform such a powerful man was hiding away. He could clearly see Steve was strong but that smack in the face confirmed it; one of Batroc’s teeth had flown right out of his mouth.
He looked around him as white glowing wings formed from his back, feeling alleviated, as though his soul were being lifted. Slowly he tilted his head back and shut his eyes, letting the feeling overwhelm him, letting the light take him in. The glowing wings began to raise, lifting him off the floor, through the darkness.
“Never! You’ll never catch me alive!” The driver said, twirling the tips of his moustache and laughing maniacally, swerving the car straight into Steve’s. The old car was already suffering and Steve knew for well that it wouldn’t withstand battering from a much newer import.
“A magician never reveals his secrets.” The laugh echoed louder.
An incredulous yell escaped Steve’s mouth as the man tried to kick Tony away and maintain flight, though luckily enough Tony was clinging onto him like a sloth, so he didn’t have to do the same. Apologising profusely internally, he managed to dig into the super soldiers skin and try and feel around for the same chip. Surprise surprise, there was a panel he could feel. His eyes widened with triumph.
“H-how did you..?”
He squeezed the liquid onto his fingers and then resumed his actions, now much easier and much slicker than before, he pressed his skeletally designed fingers into the man.
“Not really bounty hunters, let’s just call them cops for hire.”
“No!” Tony exclaimed before forcing himself to quieten his voice. “I mean…” Ehem. “No. The pigment of his skin is continuing to change and become paler than before… I assume that’s the lack of blood, right?“
Janet flew in, and used her stinger, throwing all she had at the bots that were beginning to cluster in the foyer, using her size to float behind them and aim for their circuit board.
“We can’t let my little kitten die yet, not when I have work to do.”
“Angels aren’t real… Asides from the X-man.” Tony explained, looking into the deep azure eyes of the man before him.
Steve’s legs were now one of his most powerful assets, and he would use them to their fullest capabilities.
“It’s done something to everyone, and it wasn’t just in New York – it was global. It started with the one on the top of the Empire State, and heroes worldwide tried to do exactly what you did. You know, they even managed to penetrate Latveria. Needless to say, Doom wasn’t happy when he returned from the UN conference to see his people suffering from a major brain disease that was brought on due to the gas.”
“Tony, my Tony…” Steve groaned. “Keep going…”
He pointed to his arm. “See, augmented. But I customised it myself, got rid of some wiring, mainly inbuilt tracking technology that is in all of the augmentations. Basic GPS sort of stuff but it’s active in all of those things, even yours. You have to let me take it out, for your own safety.”
“No, find the specifics, get back to us and then we’ll take him down. Our priority is to get the satellite back up. That’s what I’ll be doing.”
Steve’s honesty was a trait Tony admired but one that made him purr, especially when it echoed with such confidence. Needless to say, it was Steve’s confidence that Tony not only admired, it also was a turn on.
“I will return him to one of the safe houses for a thorough medical analysis.” Vision replied with the calm, cool, and collected manner that always surrounded him.
His fingertips were close to touching his eyes, but instead delicately brushed past his beautifully fanned out eyelashes. Then his eyes caught those lips, those perfectly shaped lips that he had yearned to feel against his own for years since their first encounter. The taste of them still remained in his dreams after having to give him CPR back during the Red Zone fiasco. They looked just as dry that moment as they did back then, small cracks in the skin, beautiful imperfections. That was the thing about Tony – he had fallen in love with Steve not for his perfections, but all of his imperfections. That was the moment that he
“Tony…” Steve said in that voice that would always make Tony take the submissive corner. It sounded more like a disappointed parent calling the name of their child after they’d done something horrible.
win over.”
“You’ve got a hell of a throwing arm, I’ll say that much.”
“We’ve created something Tony.” Hank spoke soberly. “Reed theorized a formula that should help incapacitate him, even as he is. It’s more than enough to knock
“Steve, listen to me,” he pleaded. “You’re Captain America, you’re Steven Grant Rogers, you’re a soldier and better yet, my best friend. There, I said it, you’re never going to hear it again so listen close. I mean Rhodey’s my best buddy too, but can’t I have two?”
Steve was scoping the room while Tony was locked in a banter battle with the strange floating head. The room was huge, a laboratory of sorts that in a way reminded him of Tony’s, only this one was soaked in crimson lighting which gave it much more of an ominous vibe. Spills of black oil were covering the large metal sheets where it was clear that robot bodies once lay. Tools littered the station; honestly it wasn’t the neatest lab that Steve had ever encountered. Even with all of the clutter he spotted something sitting in the corner; a huge green button that was clearly an on-off switch, and was currently lit up which must have meant that it was on.
A muffled murmur escaped Tony’s lips into Steve’s mouth, and became steadily louder when he felt the weight that Steve was putting on his hips. His entire body felt stiff at that moment in time.
“An EMP? Product of Latveria? What is this…” Tony stared at the object in his hand and passed it over for JARVIS to analyze, walking toward the elevator and taking it to his lab right away.
“I was working on the circuits and I guess I triggered a knee jerk reaction out of it, it’s my fault.”
Having the mansion in the centre of New York City meant that they could have anything they wanted in the past. Now, the city was a buffet for them. Steve’s fingers wrapped around the golden bars of the gate, pulling it and bending it, again his shoulder popped and Tony made a groan of concern when he heard the noise. Nonetheless, Steve carried on pulling and rattling the stubborn gate. Tony had enforced the gate with titanium and had done so after the mansion had come under attack repeatedly. Steve leaned forward and started to gnaw at the metal poles only to be struck by the echo of the chomp and the vibration of the bar as it surged up his head, making him dizzy and sending him back.
and then attend to his own duties.
“I have to go.”
Tony’s mouth contorted and wretched at the aftertaste that glossed just over his tongue. Gradually Tony pieced it together, the schematics began to bubble in his mind and then he turned his attention back to Fury, sitting up properly and feeling less nauseated. “So tell me Nick, why do I have these things? And why do you have a hand like mine? Don’t think I didn’t notice that black glove trying to hide it.”
Slowly he eased himself down, feeling the tip of Steve’s stiffness against him, feeling the warmth which made a change from the fingers, a pleasant change. He pushed down against it, his body shaking but Steve positioning his arms around Tony’s frame to give him all of the support he needed. Tony cried out, his shoulders easing back.
Steve shook his head, “Your kind were the cause of this. Because of you, thousands are suffering from neural illnesses, thousands are dependent on augmentation. Our Supreme Leader is the one who has managed to fix us, to be our saviour, to protect us by destroying heroes.”
“If I get that chip out, I want you to tell me more.”
“I’ll never work for you, I’ll never help you!” Tony spat.
Now it was part of him, more so than before. As if his arc reactor wasn’t enough integration. But as long as it was keeping him functional, as his reactor was, then it served a purpose and it did no harm. But that was his limit; he didn’t want to become any more of a machine than that.
Now it seemed like the small raindrops felt like waves, crashing over him and drowning him in the past and blood that would stain him forever. This was not how he was supposed to move on; he tried to keep his head held high in the very few public appearances he did make but the weight on his soul resonated throughout his eyes, even has he would smile there would be a glisten of sadness echoing throughout his presence alone.
“What? How did we get here…? Last I remember was the explosion, what’s going on?!” He yelled with panic, looking at his body and then at Tony’s.
The other cops stood by the door and watched as the guy was slowly placed into a cell; looking extremely grateful for being in that cell, actually. He dropped down and curled up in the corner of it. Steve couldn’t help but stop and stare, wondering how on earth someone had ended up like that.
Rhodey and Tony were arguing, which quite frankly was rare. Sure they would bicker and banter but not shout at one another.
Tony side-eyed him with a shake of his head before going from screen to screen again, tapping it and trying to refocus his attention, as difficult as it was tearing it away from the forthcoming battle with Hammer. “Here’s what we’re going to do; T’challa you’ll take on Black Swan, Thor you take on the Destroyer, Natasha you’ll take the Red Guardian, Carol you’ll be taking on Absorbing Man – who by the way, is a pain so watch out – Clint you’ll be with Crossfire, Vision you get a Doombot, Bruce you get your buddy, Major Talbot, and Steve you’ll have Taskmaster. I’ll, of course, be with Hammer. As I speak co-ordinates are being sent to your Avengers tablets. You’ll be able to track down your target there. I don’t like splitting you all up, but I’m sure we can handle ourselves. If they were closer, then maybe we could tackle them one on one, but like I said, I’ve got a score to settle with Hammer.”
Steve made sure he was going so fast that Tony yelped a jumble of his name, short quick movements that made sure to graze against his prostate with each thrust. The pleasure was immeasurable.
Bucky stared at the panel that he was trying to distance himself from, watching it start to flare with smoke as Steve slid off the plane, expecting Bucky to do the same. “You’re right Cap! I see the fuse! It’s gonna blow!”
“You’re missing the point I’m trying to make.”
“I’m sorry about that. I thought you’d be in here.”
For a genius, it took him a moment to process it.
There it was again, that nervous bite back on his teeth that would make his jaw clench and cheek bones rise. That was Steve’s nervous tick and Tony could spot it every time.
Just when the argument began to simmer down, there was an instant trigger to boil it back up. It was emotionally exhausting to say the least.
The bottle that he once had in his hands just toppled to the floor with the more rigorous movement, the bed creaking loudly.
Steve seemed happy, everything seemed normal asides from the fact that the date was 1945 in the simulator, everything was peaceful and jolly. The US troops had returned from their service upon the announcement of Japan announcing their surrender and cease-fire and the signing of the formal paperwork of the peace treaty was to be signed in the upcoming months. That’s what Steve Rogers was reading as he was walking down the streets, paper in hand, fedora lowered a bit, looking mighty smug in his dark brown trench coat, and yet he managed to fit in perfectly with this world.
His cyan shimmering eyes took in the mirror. He’d anticipated his reflection, but saw something very different; A swirl of colour similar to that of colliding galaxies with vibrant colours and dazzling lights in the distance, as though he were staring into space from the very spot he stood. This was an invention that Reed had talked about briefly, but had deemed far too dangerous in the past and had deemed it far too unstable to be used. These days, Tony saw the words ‘dangerous’ and ‘unstable’ as nothing but a challenge, particularly with his current mind-set. After all, he was a veritable deity in his current state. No god should have to face barriers, but then life would be boring, and Tony did enjoy challenges now and again. Gods needed minions; they needed companions to rule with them and under them. Matt Murdock’s refusal to offer his help, the open defiance displayed when he had slapped Tony’s hand away, was ever on his mind. After all, Tony
“I hate to ruin the moment guys but we’re being hunted like rats here, my webbing can only hold up for so long.”
He had to shut his eyes, but he kept telling himself that he wouldn’t cry that this wasn’t something to be sad over. They had encountered too many evils in their lives for him to break down now. But his pillar was crumbling right before him, weakened and broken. His chest felt heavy, his breaths were short and he tensed his muscles to stop his body from shaking any further. He couldn’t imagine what Steve was feeling, but as usual the soldier kept a face of stone, taking it all on the chin as he would say.
Tony loved it. He could feel his heart thudding just like it did the day that they had found Steve in the ice, seeing a beautiful man with that smug attitude, seeing his once hero be what he
Just like that he was gone from their lives. Captain America was gone.
Tony had to take the moment, whether it was the emotional toil that he’d been through repairing the suit, whether it was the fatigue or the way he gravitated to being cared for, he just needed to let this out. He leaned closer and pressed his lips to Steve’s.
“I wouldn’t call human beings useless… You are one, after all.”
“Don’t get too used to it.” Steve cautioned “Just this once. You know I have one or two exceptions, I’m not heartless.”
More black liquid swirled in his tear ducts and he bit hard on his lower lip, staring with anguish at this dead soul that narrowed his eyes back at him. He stared as the black droplet slid down his skin, outlining the now rigid shape of his face. Painfully he brushed it away and smeared it once again, rubbing at it over and over trying to get rid of the mark before letting out a yell of pain. His frantic mind, his clouded thoughts along with the stress and heavy duties he carried on his shoulders were tallying up to that very moment. He yelled loudly, punching at the glass, at that disgusting creature that was staring back at him, at that demon that was keeping him confined and away from the people he loved. He punched and punched, feeling the glass vibrate under his knuckles. He noticed his skin tear, he noticed it peel back. Each punch hitting harder, sure that he saw one or two cracks form until he pulled back and saw the bone of his knuckles now on display. Black gunk spewing from it, surrounding it, to which he yelled again and began to pull at his hair with frustration and tainting it what that very black that was over his hands, straying it through the soft once sunny blond. He screamed as loud as he could. For some reason he couldn’t hold back when all he saw was red in front of him, he could feel his sanity begin to dwindle away with each passing moment.
“Where do you want to start?” Tony asked casually.
“Look at him, his body is weak, without the right blood in it, with that virus inside him it’s making him weak. We need to keep his strength up and the only way we can is by feeding him. Look here.” Tony gestured to the monitors. “You see how it’s metabolising fast and going straight into his blood stream, we need to keep getting him more food, come on, you get the food and I’ll keep an eye on hm.”
“Because it’s Christmas?”
Tony sucked in his cheeks, turning his head toward the darkness of the sewers. “We picked a good spot then.” He attempted a positive spin on things, just to make the kid lighten up a bit.
Thunder echoed from far off, and as it did everyone in the Avengers mansion turned to Thor.
“And neither did you, Tony.” Reed said, brewing a fresh pot of coffee and stretching his arm over to hand Tony the same mug he had been using for days, realising that it had an extreme sentimental value to him. “Self deprecation should be avoided, I know for some obscure reason that you blame yourself for this but this isn’t your fault, it’s Zola’s. You shouldn’t suffer for what he’s done.”
Did Tony feel bad for doing so? For hurting his friends?
“How can his body reject his own blood?!” Tony shouted.
He took steps of caution, toward the gate and stared up at it with such dismay. It was hard to believe that not so long ago he’d be in that very park, almost every lunch, eating a bagel with some coffee usually with Steve by his side. After all, it would be the super soldier that would’ve coaxed him out for lunch rather than sitting down in his office cooped up all day.
Batroc spun around after clutching his jaw and kicked at Steve, only for Steve to grab his leg and throw him over his shoulder. The leaper was agile, though, and landed straight on his feet. The Frenchman smirked, holding his fists up, finally prepared for a fight with someone that clearly knew how to fight.
Fingertips slightly curling as they creased the fabric of his messy white shirt.
Together they both ran to the car with JARVIS barking after them, his little wheels popping out from the soles of his metal paws as he scooted along.
“Sorry is not
Steve’s stare turned to Tony, “I can feel yours.”
“The detective? What do you mean?”
Peter snapped his fingers, “That’s the word.”
But he wondered if there was something more to this… The Purple Man wouldn’t exactly go for a repeat, he wasn’t that stupid. There must have been something more, especially since Taskmaster was under his control. He tried to touch on his communication device whilst he ducked back, trying to use another nearby machine for cover from Tony.
“I know so, buddy.”
“What
“Upgrades? Is that what that was, Steve?” Tony attempted talking to him as though things had never changed, when they clearly had.
It was Tony’s turn to collect the samples that the others needed. He looked behind him at the empty lab and sighed, realising that they had been taking turns to observe Steve. It turned out that staring at a man that was lying still meant time passed far slower in comparison to when Steve was awake. It was a regular procedure, he would just go in and take some of his blood and check him out.
“But worse for you.”
Steve moved to block Tony from walking further, standing in front of him and pulling him into a deep, tender kiss with his hand placed just under his sharp goatee, raising it to allow his lips to press against Tony’s. After that brief moment, he returned to Tony’s side and continued to guide him onward. “You’ll have to start your collection all over again.”
Steve was pounded to the ground, taking batter after batter to his chest and abdomen, gritting his teeth, furrowing his brows and just taking it, hacking out as he felt the wind leave his lungs every time he was hit.
“I’ll take that as a no,” Tony added, standing next to Peter though slightly slouching, the pain in his back was far too much for him to actually stand upright.
Innovation was sexy.
“Tony how…” He stared at the arm that had previously been holding him. “…Did you… How did you make that? Your arm, it was completely gone when we were fighting.”
Tony ran over to the pile of red scraps the moment that Fury pointed it out, picking up the shards of what once was his armour. There were pieces he could fix, others were unsalvageable. With a heavy heart he picked up the faceplate that was fully intact bar a couple of scratches. “Give me all the tools you have," he replied in a low voice.
“He’s still alive; we’ve managed to recover him.”
“Stark Industries was once a weapons manufacturer, pioneering in weaponry used during the war. Howard Stark, father of Tony Stark, founded the company. Since then Stark has been a merchant of death. After a tragic incident in which Stark had lifesaving surgery and was fused with his technology he has since managed to worm his way into the NYPD and stopping his weapons manufacturing – it appears that this detective cover was nothing but a façade and is a robot that has clearly fried it’s circuits! Stark has now gone out of control and has built this bot alongside the ruler of Latveria.
Suddenly a touch.
“Yep. Those little red blips, well they’re the—the cops. Do you realise how peculiar that sounds?”
Be professional.
“That’s good. Maintaining regular functions like that, it’s a good sign.”
Now that he and Steve had made peace with each other, and as keen as he was to atone for his broken promise, for now he had his head rested on the table – his cheek pressed against the metal surface that reflected his untamed beard that was growing further and further out of control with each passing day; unkempt. He breathed softly in his deep slumber, but his mind was plagued with nightmares about betraying his closest friend.
“Go go Stark roller-skates!”
Tony’s eyes were busy scanning the schematics in his own helmet, darting from line to line, reading the coordinates and absorbing the information faster than anyone else realised. “You really ought to be grateful I can do this, you know. My retention’s an amazing feature, and a very underestimated one at that.”
He had to think for a moment, “To care for someone is the best feeling in the world, it warms your heart, you know that little thing right there.” Steve said, gesturing to the bright arc reactor.
Contrary to popular belief, even Super Soldiers were scared at times. Steve was someone who had always been self-sufficient, that was after Project Rebirth of course. The fear that coursed through his entire system at that moment was unimaginable; it was painful, knowing for well that he was now reliant on an augmentation – an artificial addition to his body. This was coming from a man who had seen his friends needing such limbs, needing and requiring these enhancements in order to feel whole again.
“I’m sure you could have,” Steve humoured him, returning a pat on the shoulder. “Well, it doesn’t matter now. We’re nearly there, there’s no use wallowing in despair and regret.”
“No, you don’t touch that!” Tony yelped whilst trying to kick himself away from Steve.
“T-tony…”
He stepped carefully, the rubble making rattling noises as he passed through, metal footsteps echoing throughout the hall. Tony finally spotted the door which he had been in, and took those last steps toward the room, placing Steve on the bed that Peter once rested on and then fell on the other bed, shutting his eyes and taking deep breaths, coughing a little at the initial dust. There it was, looking right at him; his beloved helmet. He reached toward it with hands shaking from fatigue and held it close, giving it a peck on the faceplate before placing it back upon its resting spot.
The last thing he could remember was walking the streets, heading to Coney Island with Bucky when he was sucked into an overwhelming darkness, and now it was still dark, just at that moment he could hear voices scrambling, some distant mumbles about being fragile, and then a mention of Captain America.
“Drawer… Lube…” Tony mumbled, pointing by using his fingers but desperately trying not to let their lips part again.
“There’s no obligation Director Stark.”
“Are you trying to tell me that Zola’s made me into some sort of mutant?” His eyes were widened, large blue orbs with quivering shock staring straight through the glass.
“Yeah well a giant robot storming around the city is generally stupid and oddly cliché.”
“Please Steve, I don’t want you to lose that.”
She knew what she was doing, she was a Captain – no, a colonel, she’d commanded men before, so with hesitation, Tony listened to her words. Now they had to find a way to escape, but again, Tony’s movements were sluggish because of that clunk of steel that was now his leg. On second thought, he wasn’t just going to let them stay here like that. A good soldier never leaves a man behind, that’s what
“Yeah, you look exhausted. I’ll see you in the morning, Director.”
“Listen Stark, we don’t know much, but if you act up and you got this chip in you, if you try going toward that tower, then you will get killed by an angry mob or go bat-shit crazy,” Masters so eloquently explained.
He was distracted with the radio, so much so that Steve didn’t notice when the ceiling began to collapse, a huge flaming chunk falling in front of the door. The loud thud jolted his attention to focus and he ran toward the exit – but it was too late, he was locked inside, surrounded by fire.
Steve coughed as his vision became blurry yet again, but his body was still desperately trying to fight against the sedation, opening his bloodshot eyes to glare at the evil genius in front of him. “You’re not taking me down with a virus, or with another clone.”
“I don’t know what’s happening to me…” Steve sobbed with a hoarse voice, hating to be this way in front of Tony, knowing for well that he needed to keep the mask up of a strong Captain, but as he had told others in the past; it takes an even stronger man to cry.
“Steve…”
“Made it.” He gestured to one of the many filled mugs he’d prepared for the others.
“I wanted this to be done by two, actually. I knew for well you wouldn’t get up on time – Actually, I was counting on it. But you’re full of surprises, Stark.”
“Let’s try a transfusion, we still have some of his blood from various samples, we can replicate and give him a supply and see if it’s strong enough to fight off the virus.” Reed suggested.
He moved from keyboard to keyboard, performing access overrides as though he were playing a simple video game. His tasks were made quicker thanks to extremis flowing through his veins, allowing him to communicate with technology as though he were telling a butler what to do. Tony’s blue irises lightened to a cyan and a faint lit ring appeared as he accessed the systems quickly. It was as though he was rooting through mounds of paperwork, slinging it in multiple directions, trying to dig through the encryptions and security codes. The work was tedious to say the least, and it was heavily locked and covered. If Nick Fury knew how to do one thing well, it was how to cover his tracks. Traversing the vast magnitude of data and files that were hidden, he managed to dig out secret after secret. HYDRA’s work with SHIELD was one of the deepest secrets that they were, and that was exposed and ridden of by the heroes that Fury had hired. So that wasn’t the deepest of secrets, but he’d managed to find more – plans for weaponry using his own tech, plans for suits, teams and more.  After compiling the mass of secrets in his new and improved database he sat down at the desk, resting back in the huge leather chair, fingers tapping on the dark mahogany desk as he stared at the monitor. Admittedly he did have that extreme sense of fulfilment overcoming him, particularly because he’d managed to pull a Sherlock Holmes on all of these files.
He drew back, to kiss the crook of Tony’s neck, to his pleasure Tony moved accordingly and tilted his head to the other side, his hands scrambling down Steve’s spine, then to his collar again, gripping at his tie to lure him closer, to maintain that distance so he could feel the warm cascade of Steve’s breath along his skin.
!” he yelled, turning around in his swivelling, huge, leather chair, arms resting on either side as the feline in his lap made a loud meow in protest until his silver gauntlet-covered hand rest on top of its head, to which it closed its eyes with contentment. “I know, Morgan, we must get rid of Stark once and for all…” The cat purred, its tail brushing along Doom’s wrist. “MODOK, did Batroc at least manage to place the tracker on Stark?”
“…I guess so. Listen, Steve, I can handle this.”
“Y-yeah! Fine, Rogers! Nab him up, will ya!” Tony could hear the sirens from afar approaching, remembering that it must have been the actual team that was dispatched to deal with the leaper finally arriving.
“That’s a camera?”
Each breath was becoming a heave. Even his sense of taste was starting to fade, but that very moment he wished he could taste Steve’s lips once more. At the sight of his quivering jaw, Tony tried as much as he could to raise himself, to whisper into Steve’s ear.
“I’m…! What’s happening to me?!” Steve screamed, unable to straighten his thoughts.
“Tony, pal, I know you think that’s Steve but it’s not… We’ve gotta run before it powers up.”
The circle in the centre of his chest beamed brightly, Doom turning his full attention toward it and with a powerful cry he shouted. “Go go Stark Unibeam!”
“Watch your mouth.” Steve replied, content to see Tony in this much pleasure because of him.
Bullets were being sprayed left and right, the heavy sound of the Gatling guns being reeled out and having their handles cranked as bullets were being fed to them, then the clank of the shells to the floor was heard like a song – load, fire, clank, a repeating rhythm.  Hydra agents were scouring the base, but Captain America was far from the front lines at that point, not while the Commandos covered down below.
“The inevitable? Nothing, Tony, is inevitable, asides from your defeat!”
“Yeah, modern technology, Cap. I’ll teach you more about it; give you all sorts of things to learn too. Just smile, this one’s for the Christmas Card.”
Tony breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s good… Just make sure they don’t come down here. Cap’s pride means a lot to him.”
, as Zola was one of his most worthy adversaries. He had been gone for hours and in that time was poked and prodded by a number of needles.
There it was ahead of him, the opening to the city, and he snatched the sack he had left there when he was yanked away by Carol into his arms, cradling it under one arm as he ran forward. As he lifted his head, slipping his faceplate on, he saw a distant shadow running toward them. It was huge, tailing after a burly man who moved with heavy footsteps. As he came closer, they could catch sight at his expression; no, he wasn’t one of them. He looked like a civilian, but something was clearly amiss. For a moment they stood as Peter crouched on the floor, not willing to get any higher than he was. Carol hovered protectively above him, her arms held out and ready to strike, Jessica followed Carol’s position and whipped back her long black hair, hands ready in a stance.
“Like hell I’m not supposed to! What’s going on here?”
It was beginning to get frustrating with the amount that Tony had to dig through to no avail. The spits of rain kept getting in his face, but he kept trudging on regardless, pushing away the stones, throwing the rubble from side to side to desperately reach his partner.
“But yes, that’s the basis of it. You rebel, you gather amongst your peers, you’ll be destroyed some way or another,” Zemo added.
“You and your logic are indescribably monotonous, and your mythology is un-renewed! You believe destroying things is the best way forward?”
“There are more to deal with.” Vision gestured to the other red dots, tapping one of them to enlarge the image.
The second they were outside, the flames burst from the inside out, taking over large portions of the building. Tony’s eyes were lit with horror as he watched his heart and soul become engulfed in flames; all of his suits, all of his hard work, all of the memories of the team – all gone. It was difficult for him not to well up at the sight of it.
“Come on, Cap! This isn’t an ideal level to be on.” Tony gestured to what was surrounding him. What had once been a neat office was destroyed and covered in a thick black char with a huge crater in the centre of the room. Tony was on his way out when he was blasted to the side, slamming into a broken wall by the villain that they had thought was taken care of. Whirlwind stood, barely, in his battle-worn green armour.
“What’s Stark cooking down there? Smells like he’s boiling up road-kill.” Clint groaned.
Then he spotted it.
“I do, Steve… Well, with all that’s left of it that is.” He said, tapping his own reactor before letting his hand resume its rightful place around Steve’s small waist.
“Come in,” he heard from the other side.
Steve’s life had stopped there and then. He was frozen in the moment, mourning the love of his life.
“I’m not going to lie to you and say that I don’t enjoy Captain America calling me Director, but I’m not keen on the role. I like helping, being out there, doing more than just sitting in an office, and you being around and me using you as an excuse to get out there has made me… Well, it’s lit the fire again, so to speak.”
floor. Room 66.” He said, quickly running back to Steve’s side and doing a visual sweep of the room. “There wasn’t much I could get from those computers…”
“Keep quiet, Tony Stark,” the man said with bitterness as he maneuvered in front of Tony, but trying to maintain his clasp over the ex-billionaires lips. The white bone markings were made visible with the very little light they were in, shrouded by the shadows around them within the narrow walls.
calmly, toward Killgrave, and with all of the emotion and power they had left in them, Steve drew his left arm back whilst Tony drew his right, mirroring each other before throwing that final punch, and knocking The Purple Man unconscious for the time being. That would give them long enough to tie him up and hand him over to SHIELD.
“Still. Don’t say that.” He shook his head, scrubbing his hand over his face for a second.
Behind the door was a huge lab of sorts; filled with computers. In fact, the room was nothing but computers. A polished silver floor, large silver machines to match, even the walls seemed lined with steel. It was empty and cold, but Tony was used to this atmosphere. Steve on the other hand, hated labs. As much as he’d spent time in there especially when working with Hank, T’challa and Reed, it always managed to get to him. Labs reminded him of pain. They were so sterile and empty most of the time, and this one proved his case exactly, especially considering how huge it was. With every step they ventured, an echo was produced from the metal of their boots hitting against the floor. They were trying to be stealthy but having entered such an open space, it was difficult to.
Steve looked up with confusion. “What?”
Well, for the time being, of course.
“Then they breach our universe…” A disgusted sigh. “Oh, I
“Where is Reed Richards?!” Steve asked abruptly, unimpressed by the claim to be a god despite the crackle between Doom’s fingers.
like to be disturbed). Tony began meticulously piecing the broken shards together that, ironically, were collected by other helper-bots he’d sent in there. Steve’s rage was petrifying to witness, but seeing it amplify was even more mind-numbingly frightening. Now, Tony found it impossible to ignore the accelerating decay of Steve’s higher functions. His tolerance was at a point so low that he would simply attack anything that walked in there. He would break the few facilities they had, and the punching bag that was once held up by a metal tether was now in pieces on the ground. Tony tried to keep his head down and ignore the loud thumps that he’d grown accustomed to.
“It’s… Okay?” That sounded more confused than anything. “I mean I’d rather be driving myself!” Steve spoke loudly to try and be heard over the loud, purring engine.
The wind pushed through their hair, so much so that Tony had to keep one hand on his hat to keep it on. Steve’s short curtains were incredibly out of shape but he could fix them later; that was the least of his concerns right now.
“Tony… What happened, are you okay?” He asked.
“What is it, Cap?”
“He’s our best sniper. Self-trained. SWAT like to borrow him from time to time but he’s the best gunman we have on the team.”
“Tony, it’s gone too far.”
Steve grabs a tuft of Tony’s hair, in the way that he loves to do, and curls it around his finger, trying to tug the man toward him. Now, Steve wasn’t one for public affection unless it was a special day, which was a pleasant reminder for Tony that it was indeed, a very special day.
She frowned in return then stepped up to him, throwing her arms around him in a tight embrace, her eyes shut with such relief that this was the man that she had trusted so long ago. Tony smiled with relief too, patting her back, careful not to stain her costume with more blood.
“What!?”
“Tony.” T’challa stepped in front of him and placed both hands on his shoulders to calm him down. “It did not work. We need to find more solutions, study him more.”
Again, Steve flinched and staggered back this time, hands pushing back against his hairline.
Tony landed back with a loud ‘oomph’ and pure shock taking over his body at the amount of force that was thrown into him, able to floor his suit that hit the white tiles beneath him with a heavy clunk.
No sign of Captain America. He’d expected Steve to have a huge statue, but there was nothing at all, and internally that made his blood boil.
“Tell me more about this brain disease,” Tony demanded, even though his throat was still sore from the acidic aftertaste.
“Puppy… Dog, lap dog, that’s more like it.”
“Remember who you are…” He muttered out loud.
“You have no idea.” He said, guiding Steve’s hand up with his own, allowing the man to lightly take grip of Tony’s length, sliding his fingers up and down. There was a soft hum from Steve’s reactor, and that light vibration that ran through his clockwork and circuitry could be felt. There was a light pulsation as Steve merely held him, making his lips part and his breathing becoming rougher. “My Steve…”
It didn’t take long for Tony Stark to breach the Baxter Building's security systems. There was only one device in this world that could give him what he wanted and it was located hidden in the dark depths and confinement of Reeds lab, right in the heart of the city just waiting for his genius to trigger it’s true potential. He and Reed had been on the same side, particularly in recent days, and with the close alliance that they had shared during the course of the incursions, some might have argued that Reed Richards was one of his closest ‘friends’ through that ordeal. Support systems were considered rather important; hence the Illuminati had one another to depend on.
In the past, Tony had struggled with distinguishing himself with his technology, separating the two into different entities entirely; there was Iron Man and then there was Tony Stark. Ever since the incident with his armour becoming sentient, he tried to keep the two as separate as he could; removing his consciousness from the systems even if it was initially input as a safeguard. But from then on, he vowed to keep some sort of line, some sort of separation that prevented him from becoming a victim of what he had created.
It was hard to believe the weight of the world was on his shoulders and right now he could only depend on himself, although he would’ve liked to believe that the villains were actually going to help the rebellion somehow.  He was a mess, Tony knew for well he had always been a mess. Whenever he tried to drift into self-loathing Steve was always there to pick him up, hell, he’d saved him from a burning building when he was falling into the abyss, being dragged down by his demons. Steve really was his angel and it had taken him a very short amount of time to realise that, but admitting and confessing was another ordeal entirely.
Their eyes returned to normal, and all they could do is stare at each other in complete amazement, wondering what it was that had caused them to do that. But for that split second, it was as though they could see into each other’s minds, and they could protect one another from their deepest fears and worries – it was just a second, but to them it felt like a lifetime.
He wasn’t going to listen, Tony knew this fight was between him and Victor, so he took it upon himself to thrust forward, only to be struck down by a blast of energy.
Steve stepped closer to Tony, as much as he could, craving more of that beloved contact. Tony’s arms draped around Steve’s broad shoulders and he felt Steve’s fingers tuck just under his chin for a moment, tilting it up then finally pressing against his own. The electrifying feeling between them made Tony’s breath quicken forthwith.
Steve had managed to let go, but before the boy could let go the plane burst into flames, exploding with a loud bang – bright embers flying in every direction.
“GPS tracking,” he murmured whilst Captain Marvel turned the chip back and forth. She didn’t know exactly what it was by looks, but if Peter said it was what the dark haired man had said, then she trusted him. He was one of the few people she could trust. Her red cybernetic eye darted to analyse it then began to ache, with that she clutched her faceplate.
Tony’s eyebrows raised. Perhaps this was Steve’s way of asking him for a little ‘time together’. With that prospect in mind he practically ran to latch arms with him and was taken outside, hearing the clatter of plates on the way out.
The dark overlord snapped his fingers. “Gone.”
“I’ll deal with him, maybe I’ll get some answers,” Tony said. Never in a million years did he ever think that he’d be co-operating with the people that tried to kill him, but desperate times called for desperate measures. Even if he had a vendetta against Crossbones in particular, if he was helping then he would take the help. Right now he was alone asides from the man he held in his arms who was in dire need of some care, so any ally was a good ally. “He’s in that huge tower, the one I’m supposed to get to anyway, right?”
Obsession; no, it was infatuation. It’d
He had expected masses of guards to be waiting for them, but instead all he saw were a couple of lab assistants on the computer that turned to face them by swivelling on their chair. Tony bore some sort of insult that they didn’t get to their feet right away.
With relief he stepped to the grips that held Steve in place and began to knock them away from Steve’s face. “Come on Cap… Let’s get you out of here…” He paused before he finished. He freezes, his eyes being the only movement, panning to the needle that was injected to the top of Steve’s spine. Suddenly panic ensues.
His hips pushed hard against Steve’s body, trying to grind himself closer toward the super soldier’s huge standing length.
“DNA traces sir; that and the front camera caught sight of someone resembling his stature, but covered in a metal armour. Iris scans suggest it was indeed Victor Von Doom.”
“Not again, Steve! Listen, we spent the night together, we love each other, we’re going to take this guy down and free our friends.”
Tony sat down for hours, trying to use what he could to assemble it. The faceplate was first, then the helmet, down to the neck. The back piece was the hardest since it had so many pieces but he decided to take inspiration from his earlier designs and weld over it until it was a flat surface with ridges just for his back. As long as it served its job of protecting him, then it was fine in his eyes. The chestpiece was done and slotted with ease over his chest, complete with the bright light in the centre that was now his only source of power for the suit. Then he reached the legs. He stared at the red boot then looked at his new leg augmentation, still writhing over the fact that it was Osborn’s technology. It wouldn’t be part of him unless it looked the part, or of course he refused to let it be part of him. Tony worked on the leg, pulling out some of the circuits and replacing them with his own, and then finished off with the boot cover. Ever since Extremis he’d been getting closer and closer to his suits, and always said that he and the suit were one; now they really were.
Tony slipped even further at the jerky movements of the man he was gripping onto. He needed to use his hand repulsors again to keep him upright, but that’d mean losing support from Steve entirely. He had to risk it, so he pushed himself off the man and attempted the hand thrusters just as he’d done before.
Steve wouldn’t let him finish, how very dare he part their lips for a second, he thought. This time he kissed him with much more passion, easing his body forward until with a loud and clumsy thump, Tony fell back on the bed.
“You serious?” He asked. “Doesn’t say that on the card here.”
“T… To-ny…”
“Just think about the owners’ faces, now that’s really something.”
was an accident, I didn’t mean to drop him he just, well, he didn’t
“Uh-oh…” Luke groaned.
From loud wailing and pounding on the screen to scratching and tearing at the walls. A super soldier with a deadly virus infecting him made him into a creature that had yet to be categorised properly by the others. While rigor mortis was taking effect and causing Steve to walk with an awkward posture, he was still alive, somehow.
“Rogers!” A familiar voice shouted.
Steve held up his hand, “Hold on, I thought you said that Victor had died? Von Doom, right? Is that who you’re talking about?”
“You’re right, we ought to get back to work…” Steve grabbed the hat from Tony
Tony’s eyes flickered at the man with interest. “How confident are you in killing?”
“What are we dealing with here?” Clint Barton asked as they took their allocated seats in the Quinjet, everyone fastening their belts over their chests. Clint had his quiver out in front of him as he looked up at Tony for an answer, fiddling with the end of each arrow and making sure it was perfectly in place.
It was still
“Nay, tis not I…” He replied in a softer tone than usual, still strong but not yet reaching its booming peak.
Steve, as flustered as he was, nodded, glad that Tony knew what the priority was and found himself making his way down to Tony’s lab.
“Well… This is a rebuild; the old place was destroyed, so they’ve not moved in yet. You and I are the first, the others will come eventually.”
“This dictatorship will fall, Norman! I’ll make sure of it!”
Carefully he knelt down, pulling Tony into his arms whilst Norman was preoccupied. Scooping him up gently he leaned as close as he could, placing a hand over his heart, trying to cover the cavity desperately.
“Jessica, if you know anything, it’s what it’s like for your identity to be mistaken. Skrulls, remember all of that? You know, just… Trust me, there’s nothing I can do to prove to you that I am real, that I’m the guy that apparently didn’t die in the explosion. But lemme show you this.”
Steve gestured by tipping his head, eyes on the back of the oddly painted foreign car. “That’s gotta be it!”
The dark haired man flinched and scowled. “Ever heard of a soft touch?”
He was a maniac. Absolutely insane, that bone chilling laugh was something that would echo throughout the chasms of Tony’s mind for the rest of his life, he was sure of that. It was difficult to hear at points considering all of the machinery around him had come back to life after years of being dormant; huffs of steam exhaling from the small pipes, the conveyer belts moving with loud gears grinding underneath them – all but one belt, and that was the one that Tony was strapped on.
“We’ll talk… Later!” He shouted to Steve, eyebrows furrowed, focused on targeting Norman.
