“Ask Nick Fury, since he’s the only one here with his eye open and his ear to the ground,” the man himself interrupted. Kate was seeing double—two Nick Furys walked together into the room, all black leather and billowing coats.
“Besides. I think it’s about time you got your own superhero gear,” Tony said with a shrug. “You deserve it, Jamie.”
Steven Grant Rogers from Earth 199999 had never had a stranger few months in his life. Given that his life included going from being five foot four and ninety-five pounds to six-two and two-forty in the span of about five minutes, fighting super powered Nazis, surviving being frozen for nearly seventy years and then defrosted in a nearly incomprehensible future and almost immediately fighting aliens—it was
“Well, he is actually deaf,” Coulson said. “I tested that a few times. He’s either very dedicated to pretending to be deaf or, more likely, actually cannot hear. He wears a hearing aid, though. It’s for ambient noises.” Clint was having difficulty imagining being deaf. He wondered how it happened—he guessed it was probably an accident. Their lives weren’t exactly explosion-free, after all.
“Oh?” Torrun asked, intrigued. James just nodded. His gaze wasn’t on her, but on some fixed point in the distance.
, Steve recalled a little seven-year-old Kate telling him quite primly, quoting from the Harry Potter books. He and Tony had been trying to avoid using the word “sex” around her and Peter. Kate hadn’t quite known what they were avoiding but she’d caught on that there was something they weren’t saying. Tony had laughed her ass off.
“I release you from your responsibility,” Peter said, waving him off. Tony turned to go and opened the door. “Hey, uh, Tony?” Tony turned back around. The kid offered him a tiny grin and shook the bottle. “Thanks.”
“Come on, Pete,” James urged under his breath, searching the streets. “Come on, Pete, where are you…”
. He’s a nerd, through and through, complete with an entire lack of kinesthetic ability. He might be able to
“You would have driven me to an asylum by now, had that been the case,” Double Pepper said, amused. “I think Happy and I make a better pair.”
“Maybe. Maybe I do too,” Tony said, the bourbon heavy on his breath. Were they talking about their first names, or were they talking about something else all together? Steve didn’t know—he wasn’t good with double entendre. Fondue had pretty much cemented that for him. But what he did know was that Tony was close,
“So, no big developments huh? Well, that can be good—“ Steve said, standing up to take care of his dish. The table seemed to be breaking up from the meal. James stood quickly.
“Hey! Watch your friendly fire CopyCap—“ Tony started, but then there was a blinding flash and suddenly she was crashing into the ground. Her whole body was jolted by the fall, and she cried out in pain—she’d landed on her back, and now
, it’s not a half bad idea, really,” Steve said, still practically giggling. Tony just grinned back, shaking his head, but he felt his chest clench painfully. It was all a great joke. A great
“Maybe they wanted a Captain America almost fresh from the war,” Clint, seated next to her, suggested. “Looks more like the Captain on the news reels.”
“I’m not,” Kate said. “I’m answering the door for the trick-or-treaters. Francis is coming over to help. He’s a zombie. Why don’t you put something on and come downstairs and help with us?”
“Still alive,” Peter said. His voice sounded strained. So, still alive—but that was the best light in which he could put it. “Almost there…”
Just as he righted himself, the portal winked out of existence. No explosion. Tony sighed in relief. His heart, still thrumming like crazy from adrenaline, released a little tension. He landed back on the roof. Cap was still kneeling, staring with a troubled expression at the tiny blue cube in his hand. It looked like a miniaturized tesseract.
,” Francis said, putting a hand on her upper arm, as if he could see her mentally retreating and could physically pull her back. “I just—I want it to be clear. Whatever else—I mean, you can be as furious with me as you want; we should have talked about it, but, whatever else is going on I just need you to know that I love you.”
“Yes. There are many. And they are all registered in our database under the Superhuman Registration Act,” Tony said. Tony noticed Steve’s attention on her lock on and sharpen, and his eyes began to subtly narrow. She could tell he was about to speak, so she interrupted. “How long have you all been Avengers?” They looked around at one another, as if trying to recall. Eventually Other Tony shrugged.
“Steve, I had my reasons, you have to understand—” Antonella began, but Steve didn’t let her finish. His tone went from hurt to furious.
“Ouch,” he said. “I think that’s the longest we’ve ever had Alts here for. Hope you don’t hate it here. I’m James, by the way, though you all seem to know that already.” The Alternate Avengers settled down a bit after that. Clint hit the start button and began a new game of Mario Kart, which was a relief to Tony because the music of the frozen screen repeating over and over again was driving him nuts. He went and settled himself on the couch, ready to kick back with the rest of the Avengers and relax. They might as well enjoy their forced vacation while they could. But even though he was paying attention to the new game of Mario Kart (and had dibs on switching out with someone for the next game), he still had one ear to the conversation going on behind them. It wasn’t really eavesdropping if they were still in the room, was it?
ways was he similar to this stranger? Still, that didn’t mean he was about to go baring his heart and soul.
Antonella stood with 3490 Steve, conversing quietly with the doctor. Tony only caught snippets from his seat—“ecstasy” and “will know better when she wakes up if”. Tony didn’t wholly understand what had happened. Francis and James sat across from him and some of the Avengers from both worlds—Tony had, in the chaos, lost track of who was who, and could not for the life of him tell the Clints apart, or the Bruces or Natashas or Thors. The Janes were simple given their age difference, but that was the only pair that was. The two boys looked guilty and utterly worn out. James had a nasty cut above his eye and Francis had a split lip and an amount of blood on his shirt that was not appropriate to his given injuries. Tony knew only that Kate had overdosed, that the boys had gotten into a fight with some other guy (who was probably being treated at the same hospital if the blood on Francis’ shirt was anything to go on) and that now everyone was crowding up the hospital hallway. Peter had been called, and 3490 Happy (who had also informed 3490 Pepper who insisted on coming down) had picked him up and brought him to the hospital, dressed in pajama pants and an oversized coat, obviously having jammed his feet into shoes without socks or even bothering to really tie them. Tony had initially been surprised that none of the Avengers went home, that none of them went back to their own families. But after a while, he wasn’t surprised at all anymore.
“Mmph,” was the only reply Tony could manage as he finally got his breath back. He tried to lift himself up—Steve grabbed onto him, helping him get into the same squatting position behind Steve’s shield. The other Avengers, he could see, had scattered, taking shelter where they could. His double stood in the middle of the street. She wasn’t yelling at
on you but—you’re gonna miss each and every shot you can’t be bothered to take. That’s not living life—that’s just being a
“I don’t like dogs and cats are too high maintenance. They make you work for their affection,” Tony grumbled.
happened. Crazy bastard,” her mother had said, with great affection threaded with genuine irritation and concern. Kate remembered freezing up at her mother’s comment. Her dad had noticed, and frowned just slightly.
“I’m sure—whatever she said I deserved it. She might have already told me but—go on,” 3490 Steve told him. Tony felt taken a bit aback.
“I wonder why we couldn’t get a location on him until now,” he wondered aloud. Antonella shook her head.
—to realize that there were two thugs with guns staring straight at him. Well, Peter said thugs. One was a girl James’ age, her sidearm still dangling at her side. The other guy definitely came closer to fitting the definition of thug, with his arms bulging out from his black t-shirt, a bald head, and a vein pulsing in his forehead. Peter did the first thing that came to mind. He chatted.
“I’ve seen you all fight,” 3490 Steve said, his expression grim. “You could use some assistance, if these AIM knock-offs attack again. We’ll be keeping some of our best young fighters in the bunker with you.”
was probably the right word for it, but Steve thought there must be more to it than that. He wasn’t just
was not one of the things that he was. Natasha and Bucky moved through the crowd to greet the 3490 Avengers as all the guests had done thus far.
“So today we have a new classmate. Plenty of you know Peter already. Peter was recently—uh, bitten by a spider and got super powers. We’re still working on figuring that one out,” Dr. Henry Pym spoke. Peter sat in a classroom with everyone else. They sat in desks. Peter sat next to Kate. Francis sat behind her and was playing with her hair. Most of the other Academy students appeared equally unengaged. All but one, that was.
hurt. She hoped she hadn’t damaged her spine. Her HUD went dark. She was trapped inside the armor. She started panicking—had there been an EMP? She’d thought she’d guarded against all but the strongest of those, but if a powerful enough one had gone off, her arc reactor was going to stop working. If her reactor stopped working, that shrapnel was going to start sliding again, and if it started sliding again—Tony tried to keep her panic down. She moved her heavy gauntlet manually, ripping off the faceplate. What she saw was more horrifying than she had anticipated. Through a thick haze of dust that had Tony coughing heavily, she could see a battle taking place on the streets—it was a bunch of Avengers, and most of them seemed to be attacking
At first, people turned up who Steve and the other MCU Avengers knew, either in this universe or their own—Bruce arrived with his family with two green bean casseroles, Clint, his wife Bobbie and their several children showed up with an extra turkey and a few sides (one for each kid to carry, except for the littlest girl), Thor and Jane came alone with their daughter Torrun, Rhodey showed up with a chocolate pie because he didn’t like pumpkin and knew 3490 Tony wasn’t fond of it either, Sam Wilson brought more mashed potatoes and a bad joke, and Pepper, Happy, and their kids brought along a turkey as well. But then other people started showing up. Steve was happy to more formally be introduced to Carol Danvers, Captain Marvel, otherwise known to Steve as the amazing flying woman who saved his and Tony’s ass. Reed and Sue Richards Steve didn’t know, but Tony seemed to know their counterparts and it didn’t appear they were the best of friends. They were part of a team called the ‘Fantastic Four’ and weren’t technically Avengers.
! Uncle Bucky screamed for the second time that week, ripping his best friend off his younger doppelganger. He swore loudly at Commander Rogers in Russian. “He’s telling the truth.”
“The Triskelion’s their hub as much as it is ours,” Natasha said. “A mission there would get us the information we need. But I still think we should run.”
her—what was up with that? Kate didn’t understand, and Francis’ flings only further confused her. She had no problem with it. They weren’t dating. But. She went over to Peter’s drawers and started searching through them.
“I didn’t mean to imply you were being a bad mother,” 3490 Steve apologized. “I’m sorry.” He turned his head and 3490 Tony leaned down to meet him in a kiss. It was sweet and gentle, with none of the passion from earlier that morning. It was utterly
to,” James spat. And suddenly they both knew that they weren’t talking about Peter anymore. Courage having finally fled from him, James decided to follow that instinct. “Whatever. Just a piece of advice. I’m going to go find Tony.” James turned back the other way.
you need? A superhero to hash out strategy with? A financial adviser? A techie to help you fix your laptop?” Tony asked. He sounded genuinely curious, and it just irritated Steve further.
“Noted,” Tony said, gulping his own coffee. There was silence for a few moments. Tony just watched his double. It was strange, looking at her. She looked like his mother. She had her curly hair, her delicate, feminine features. Tony, despite the evidence staring him in the face, could not imagine himself as her. She was more like a twin sister than another version of himself. She was just…she was too different. Not just female, but also more responsible. More reliable. A
This is a reminder to readers to please note the existence of warnings for this story within the tags above; for various reasons I have chosen not to use archive warnings, but that
Months ago, Steve was pretty sure this wouldn’t have worked. Tony probably would have just gotten knocked out of the sky by the shield as he ignored Steve’s call, and even if he’d caught it he probably wouldn’t have guessed what Steve intended. But after all of these little battles, and all of the extra training as a team, Iron Man easily caught his shield and figured out exactly what Steve intended. He dove at the beeping disc and slammed the shield over top.
“Getting slow, Captain,” James goaded his opponent. “You’re all pretty slow—you look great doing it, though, like
“And if she doesn’t?” MCU Steve asked. James shook his head. He didn’t want to think about it, couldn’t afford to think about it. Moments later, they were swarmed again. Steve and James fought them off successfully until the Hulk came along and batted the evil agents away like he was knocking down toy soldiers.
“I know,” Steve said, feeling his chest tighten. Natasha took his hand and squeezed it. Steve just leaned back on the couch and closed his eyes with a sigh. “We always lose sight of it, don’t we?”
wasn’t the one they needed to be worried about at the moment. It was especially too difficult for a nine-year-old to patiently explain that.
“So I got up, dragging him with me, and told the clerk at the desk I was canceling my appointment. We left and…well, there are only a few times in life I can remember Steve being happier than he was when we left that clinic,” Antonella said. She smiled a soft, small smile. “For me, that made it worth it in that moment. Even though I knew I had eight months of unpleasantness to look forward to, even though I knew I’d have to quit the Avengers for the time being, even though I was
“PTSD is a bitch,” Tony said after a few moments. “You could talk to someone about that. There’s medication, too, though you never know how that’s going to react to your metabolism. Still could be worth a shot.” Young Steve frowned at her.
it, she made it into a masterpiece. If she could only cook one thing, it wasn’t a bad thing to cook.
“M’sorry I’m an asshole,” James apologized, the ghost of a grin skittering across his mostly slack face.
problem in the safe house. Kate and Francis had yet to kiss and make up. Torrun felt bad about the part she played in their falling out, but more than anything she was irritated with Francis. She didn’t know why he played the field if he had his eye on Kate. It seemed dishonest to her. Why couldn’t he just wait for her to grow up a little, if he really cared about her the way he claimed to? But Torrun tried to shrug it off. It wasn’t any of her business. If Francis wanted to be a dick, then that was Francis’ prerogative. And if Kate still wanted to be with him even though he was acting like a dick, well, that was hers, too. At the moment, though, it seemed unlikely that either of them would ever say two actual words to each other in order to resolve their problems. Torrun looked back over to MCU Steve and Tony sitting on the couch, as far from one another as they could get.
“These must be the Avengers of Earth 199999,” 3490 Steve said. His arm was still curled about 3490 Tony’s waist. “Welcome.” There was utter silence in he room for a moment. 3490 Steve began to look a bit concerned by their lack of response.
“In this recombination lab, we use synthesized transfer-RNA to encode an entirely new genome, combining genetic information from all three spiders into these fifteen genetically designed super-spiders, the first mankind has ever produced,” the tour guide said. She was clearly proud of their work, and Peter had to admit, he was impressed. Inter-species genetics was a ridiculously complicated field.
high level SHIELD agent on this side,” Maria said. “Hardly surprising given that you put us in the Triskelion.” Steve looked down at the phone.
“These are Hydra you recognize?” James’ voice crackled through the system. “We’ve got no first hand experience with these weapons. Captain, Iron Man, you want to take point this go round?”
“If we could wrap this up, we really need to start patching up the big gaping rips in the fabric of space time,” Tony said into the comms as he took some agents out with his repulsors.
“Oh, look who finally decided to show up two months late with a Starbucks,” Tony said irritably. Neither Fury was holding a drink of any kind, so Kate figured this was some obscure pop culture reference she was missing. Maybe it was big in the MCU.
“Not exactly. But we know for certain it isn’t AIM. They claim no association. They seem to be as baffled as we are—and a bit pissed off, since they’ll be taking the blame for this, naturally. I wouldn’t believe them except that the tech that they have seems to advanced for AIM. And they’ve got no reason to be going after the likes of you—if they’d be targeting anyone, it would be
“STOP KEMPS!” and Jane groaned whilst Thor looked confused. MCU Agent Hill was the first to notice Peter and Kate; or, at least she was the first to speak up about it.
“What?” Clint asked. His knee jerk reaction was to look around for his double, which he did until Natasha kicked his ankle, bringing him back to his senses.
“It won’t help,” he said. “Pacing might, but you’ll give me the jitters, too. They’re contagious, you know.” Kate let out a breath she hadn’t known she was holding. The team was out for a routine mission.
“Well, good thing she gave me a spot at the Tower downtown, huh?” Alt Tony said. “Put on some real clothes kid—let’s go solve the puzzle of
At the time of writing, of course I've seen End Game. I also hated End Game, with a deep and fiery passion. But I should point out in 2014 none of those movies were out. Hell, CA:WS had barely released when I last updated. This is all to say wearing the gauntlet isn't going to kill him, spoiler alert.
,” Steve shouted but she didn’t power down. She’d removed her faceplate and her expression was livid. 199999 were surprised to say the least. Hawkeye had his bow drawn.
“JARVIS, emergency override code Oscar Uniform Tango 6-3-8,” Tony ordered, but just as he finished doing so the suit began to rise off the ground—it was six feet in the air by the time it released Tony. He fell to the pavement, on top of bits of debris and broken glass, the wind knocked out of him. He felt a hand on his shoulder as something blocked out the sun. He blinked, realizing slowly that it was Steve, squatting next to him and shielding him.
“One of the good earths, then,” he said. This led Tony to wonder whether or not there were actually universes which did not have pancakes and how Peter might have come upon this information, but the boy began to speak before he could ask. “How about lightsabers? Got any of those? I’m trying to design one, using a mirror controlled by a magnetic field that would bounce the laser between another mirror in the hilt, giving it form and limit, but it’s really not the
Peter was crossing the hall after his shower, ready to hop in bed, when he heard a small, muffled sob. He walked backwards a few steps towards the door to Kate’s room. It was slightly ajar, spilling yellow light into the dim hallway. He peaked inside; his twin sat on her bed in the furthest corner, leaning in the corner of two walls. Her knees were drawn up nearly to her chin, and she clutched a pink, fluffy pillow to her chest, which her face was half buried in. Peter didn’t ask permission, he just walked inside and sat on the bed next to her, grabbing a purple pillow for himself. For a few minutes, he didn’t speak, and neither did she.
“I swear you do a remarkable impression of Tony circa 1994,” Steve stated. He sipped his coffee and flipped to the next document on his tablet. Mutants robbed a convenience store in Queens—well that was no surprise. It had been handled. Energy spikes coming from various areas in D.C., no known culprit…He’d have to put Bruce on that one, see what was going—
threat yet, Steve,” Tony said softly. “Today was an accident, and mostly my fault. I’m just as afraid of repeating 525 as you are, Steve. But locking them away isn’t the answer, and you know it. We can’t put them in jail just because who they
in the same way Tony always had. He had the inventive instinct from Tony and the artistic instinct from Steve.
“No problem—oh, we should catch up to the group shouldn’t we? I think they’re leaving—“ Gwen said, and then quickly followed after. Peter followed her lead, and sucked on the injured part of his hand. It hurt like
“N—ah! Fine! Fine! Uncle!” female Tony said, gasping for air. “Metallica is the best, Black Sabbath sucks.” Mature Steve, satisfied, finally put her down and stopped his tickle attack. “You’re a low down, dirty rotten—”
The Red Skull’s face twisted into a demonic grin that was more a bearing of teeth than it was any kind of smile.
to quit your shaking, James. Didn’t your father ever teach you to be brave in the face of danger?” he asked.
He didn’t know how long they were there for—but eventually Lizzie suggested they go back to her place. James was all for that—but, no, he had responsibilities.
“Tried to get up,” Peter said weakly. “Couldn’t—couldn’t push off with my feet. Tried to drag myself up the wall by my fingertips—worked until I lost concentration. Then I fell. Hit my leg again—it’s, like, way past broken. I think I blacked out for a second again.” His face was bloody as he stared up at her. There was a bruise forming around his eye. His suit was torn in several places, and his leg—well, legs shouldn’t stick at that angle. Kate thought she was doing very well for not hurling.
“Bad calls can cost lives. You acting like you know what’s best when really you’re just fumbling around out there like the rest of us—“
“I think Steve’s right,” Natasha replied. Her brows knit together. “There’s another exit out the basement, isn’t there?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. You mean the fly maybe? It was just a lucky catch,” Peter said nonchalantly. He got up, taking the peanut butter jar with him.
“You mean to tell me that it’s 2013 and you’ve only been a group for barely a year? And not even a cohesive unit?” Tony asked. One look at their faces told her it was true. They were all blank, unconcerned. They didn’t understand what being Avengers
on going to school with purple lipstick for a week—but even that didn’t help. Since Peter wouldn’t let you in anymore, half the time you ended up back in our bed anyway.”
“Director Stark?” Agent Matthews spoke from his station, his voice concerned but not laced with fear.
, if you could call it that. Francis wasn’t about to date an underage girl. Not only was it illegal, it just wasn’t
“Tony—Tony, you’ve got plenty of flaws, I won’t argue,” he said, unable to keep a grin from his face. “You’re stubborn as shit. You’re a pain in my ass in the field. I have to admit to having one or two satisfying fantasies of bashing that smug helmet of yours with my shield. But none of your flaws have anything to do with you not being responsible, or organized, or tech-deficient or a
“God fucking damn it,” Antonella swore, shutting the door behind her and marching over to the liquor cabinet. “Why are we so fucking similar?” Tony sat in one of the cozy leather armchairs, still writing out plans and equations, trying to get all the math right for his secret project. Obviously, he was working on paper, which probably would have been suspicious if Antonella weren’t obviously already distracted, if she hadn’t been distracted and distraught for days. She pulled out a crystal glass with force, popped the top on a wine bottle, and poured. She took a sip.
“Kind of,” Tony said. “Except one little difference…” Tony picked up a crowbar from the floor. “Don’t flinch.”
“All right, tell you what, I give you to the count of five and then I make the decision for you—which, of course, means that
“You know what, Tony, I could believe a lot of things of you, a lot of unfavorable things. I really could, because while I know we’ve been through a lot in the past, and
“Pardon me for bothering you, Mr. Stark,” Steve replied sarcastically. “I forgot you’re so busy these days.” He left, feeling angry and upset. Tony generally had that effect.
Months ago, Steve probably wouldn’t have listened. He wouldn’t have trusted Tony. He wouldn’t have thought there was a play he hadn’t thought of, would have thought Tony was about to do something reckless that would get them all killed… And maybe sometimes, now, it was still easier to just throw Iron Man off the roof than deal with him—but equally, sometimes it was important to put all their lives in his hands. Steve didn’t have to lead the team alone. In fact, he couldn’t.
, perhaps—playing in the background, and Alt Clint swearing up a storm. There was a blender going in the kitchen—or maybe a mixer, or a food processor, James wasn’t entirely sure. With all the noise, James managed to slip through the hallways unnoticed, and make his way upstairs to his bedroom.
side that suggested our arrival in this universe was no accident. He didn’t elaborate further, but he suspected that whoever brought us here wasn’t done with us and wasn’t about to ask us over for tea and biscuits.”
“This meatloaf,” Peter said, aloud rather than to himself, looking beatific and thrilled to be eating, “beats
“So it wasn’t a Stark weapon, then?” Tony asked, still looking at his gadget, speaking more quietly than Steve had ever heard the obnoxiously loud senator speak. Steve wasn’t one to lie, but for once he swallowed his compunction for honesty in a fit of kindness.
“I wanted to thank you, by the way,” 3490 Clint said after a few moments of silence. He had a rakish grin on his face and Clint wondered if he really looked like that sometimes. “It’s not often I get paid to woo my wife. You all have a nice night, now.” Hands in his pockets, 3490 Clint headed back to his own table. Clint could see a beautiful blond waiting for him. Hm. Clint had always preferred redheads.
, won’t you, little Jamie?” 525 Steve spun him around and grabbed his chin, forcing him to meet his eyes.
“Good, good just—agh—keep coming,” James said. Peter obeyed his older brother’s commands, leading Clint towards the middle until he could see his older brother. He fought against the Captain in the middle of a clearing. He didn’t look like he was having a fun time of it either—he already sported a split lip and there was a cut on his cheek. He still smirked though.
disturbed, Steve knew. There was no amount of humor that could dispense the uneasiness that had settled over all of them like a thick, persistent dust.
But James wasn’t hurting his little brother. He had him pinned to the wall, but he wasn’t beating him black and blue. He could, James knew, escape the hold if he weren’t so surprised. Peter was stronger than him now, strong enough that
Peter kept to the end of the table, speaking largely with Other Thor. They seemed to be a great source of amusement to each other—Other Thor to Peter because his Asgardian habits and ways of speaking had yet to be watered down at all, and Peter to Other Thor because, well, Peter was just naturally comedic. He had told Tony the other day that he “enjoyed the humor of the tiny Iron Captain child”. Tony had decided not to warn him against calling Peter that directly in order to see the hilarity that necessarily must ensue once he did. Other Jane and Other Pepper seemed to largely keep to themselves, though Steve, her Steve, had engaged Other Pepper in conversation about art for a long duration, which had seemed to surprise her. Other Steve kept more to conversations with Other Natasha and Other Clint, discussing SHIELD, Tony thought she overheard. Kate was largely quiet, but when she did speak it was usually to produce a dry, sarcastic comment in one of the other conversations, always to the surprise of the Other Avengers.
“They’ll come around, you know,” she said. “They’ll be supportive once they know it’s what you want.”
. He’d planned to go skateboarding after school as he often did, but now he just wasn’t able. He sat on the subway, looking at the empty seat next to him. He’d just lay down for a minute.
“He’s dead now, of course,” 525 Steve said, still as casual as if they were discussing the weather. “A pity, but an inevitability.”
“Under the right circumstances? I don’t know, maybe,” Tony said, shaking his head. He took a seat on the bed as well, looking distraught. “Fuck, Steve. We can’t run. Even if we could plan it, even if we had the means—there’s no escape.”
equally skilled, given Peter’s lack of training and established handicaps for the game. He doubted he would be able to take her out on his own—which was where the basic training he’d had just from listening to talk at the dinner table for sixteen years came in handy.
found herself increasingly acting as such. Just as at this moment, when she stared down rows upon rows of soldiers in unrecognizable armor, shooting with almost incomprehensible weapons. Were they aliens? Humans from the future?
Staring at the gauntlet now, Kate could hardly fathom how the thing could change the universe. It appeared to be made of gold, and it was gleaming. The jewels on the knuckles were bright and beautiful and, yes, seemed to emit some kind of aura that distinguished them instantly from any normal gem… but if Kate hadn’t known what it was, she probably wouldn’t have thought it was supernatural, or magical, or any of those things. She would have assumed they were some man-made type of gemstone designed to play tricks with the light. After all, it was just a
“Barton and Danvers,” she said, sounding annoyed. “I would have gone after them myself but who knows what kind of surveillance they have around this place.”
“I don’t think you could have from the start,” Steve soothed her. “These things just have to run their course sometimes.”
He remembered vaguely what had happened. There had been a group of “AIM” agents hounding him on the ground. He had been cut off from the rest of the group and called for assistance, but none was coming fast enough, and then one of the agents had managed to hit his mic, and half his face, with a blue laser that numbed him but did little else. His mic had shorted out. He’d swung away to take shelter in a nearby building before he realized that was exactly what the agents wanted him to do. They had herded him to that spot, and there was an even bigger group ready to take him down. They seemed to want to take him alive, and Peter guessed that was, in fact, the only reason why he was still breathing considering how heavily armed they had all been.
“I don’t trust your tastebuds,” Tony said. “Steve’s always eating crazy health food. It’s where Kate gets it from.” 3490 Tony was still examining the sandwich like it might have been poisoned.
. He wasn’t sleeping in their bed, either. He elected to sleep on the couch, wordlessly. Tony had asked him to come to bed with her, but his hard look had sent her back to their bedroom alone.
“So you’re married with three kids?” Clint asked. Tony knew him well enough to know when he was barely holding in laughter. Clint glanced at Tony knowingly.
have made your choice, by default,” 525 Steve said. “One.” Silence. James felt his heart racing in absolute panic.
“With all due respect, Commander—no. I am not. And you know it,” James said, and his voice was as cold and hard as steel. 3490 Steve did not, for whatever reason, argue. He turned back to the MCU Avengers.
“Stuff. Things. Take a chill pill Cap, I hear you’re good at that,” he said, flying straight towards the alien portal device. Shiny.
Kate had never felt quite so hopeful nor quite so afraid as she sat in the bunker’s living area with roughly two dozen other people—the Avengers of her world, the Avengers of the MCU, the kids she’d grown up with and trained with, and a handful of the Avengers Academy kids, too. They’d all gathered around Thor, some standing in the background, some of them crowded onto the couch and the armchair—Azari, Torrun, and James somehow all occupied the chair at the same time—and a bunch of the kids sitting crosslegged on the ground before the Asgardian, as if he were about to start telling stories for them in front of a fireplace.
Staring during mock battles however was ill advised, Tony realized a moment later as a bot crashed right into his cranium. Tony came to with Steve squatting right above him, concern filling his baby blues. James stood above him, arms crossed and a distinct curve downward to the left side of his lips.
“But you aren’t exactly familiar with our team yet, or how we operate. We have code words you won’t know, protocols you don’t have, styles of fighting unfamiliar to you…why don’t we get you all started with some basic training first, and
“You’re right about that,” he said. He started to walk towards the door. “I’ll let Natasha know that you’re up. Is there anyone else I can get for you? Anyone I can call?”
“—but that doesn’t matter. You know what, fuck it. I’m probably going to regret this, but I’d regret not doing it more,” Tony finished. He had more to say. He was pretty sure. He had this whole tangle of emotions still stuck in his head, and he’d intended to pull out the threads one by one and lay them on the table, but when it came time to do it, he found he’d lost his detangler. So instead, Tony closed the gap between him and a startled Steve and drew him into a kiss.
Downstairs was still loud. The mixer (or blender or food processor) was still going. Alt Clint still swore at the screen over the sounds of machine gun fire. Yet now there was a new voice—Dad.
welcome her husband home from his last mission, and very excited to do so as well. Steve leaned down and kissed her again. Tony didn’t care that they were still in the middle of the kitchen, or that the Other Avengers were about five feet away, doing dishes. It was her house damn it, she’d commit PDA if she pleased. Apparently, however, the universe didn’t appreciate her actions. Her and Steve’s emergency Avengers comms went off at the same time. They broke apart and Tony sighed in frustration. They both answered at the same time.
in a pale blue evening gown Clint knew she’d borrowed from a very insistent 3490 Tony. However immediately in front of him Clint and Maria were holding hands on the table, and that was just
“Well, it’s about time,” Fury, seated casually on an old swivel chair, stated as they walked in. It had taken some time to find the secret room, even with 199999 Fury’s tips.
“Copy that,” Francis said, and Peter could practically hear the grin in his voice. Natasha was a brilliant spy, Peter knew. But she didn’t appear to be working with the
Kate turned on her radio and her mic as she, Clint, and Natasha instinctively rushed away from the collapsing room. The other Steve and the Red Skull seemed quite engaged in their hand to hand combat and Kate wasn’t even sure he’d noticed.
Steve didn’t even realize that the hall was collapsing around them until Natasha shouted at him, so busy he was with fending off the Red Skull again. It was pretty clear though, once she pointed it out, that they were all about to be buried by wood, mortar, and stone. He didn’t have much time to think about it though as the Red Skull swung at him and he brought up his shield to avoid the blow.
Tony stood in his workshop as per usual, but as Agent Romanoff left and Steve entered, the senator turned down the obnoxiously loud music to a dull roar and looked at Steve squarely.
So I get that the title of this chapter might be ironic but it's entirely unintentional and has been, in fact, the title of this chapter since 2014, when this particular scene was written.
“Because I know you,” Uncle Bucky said calmly. “And he is you. If he brought this down on us it was by accident.”
“It’s our best shot, Captain,” Tony said apologetically. “This tech—look, I’m a genius but I can’t hack it. Better to just shut off the power supply. It would take me days, weeks, years—hell I don’t even know—to crack it, and if we can’t shut that portal—“
For instance, talking should have probably happened. Probably definitely. Tony was usually rather good at talking. In fact, he considered it one of his specialities. But in this instance, talking was not something he was interested in doing. Which he’d made rather abundantly clear by clearing out of any room Steve Rogers happened to step into.
“Hogan’s a champion boxer,” Steve said, bewildered. Tony threw an arm around Steve as the elevator opened and steered him inside.
It hummed and vibrated, shaking with some force—and then it stopped and, like an oil painting slowly spreading across the canvas of the air, another scene built in the circle that was the portal. It was a gym, too, but not an empty one. Tony could see people out there. People that could clearly also see them as he watched some guy on a treadmill slow to a stop and promptly get thrown off it as he stared.
The next 17 chapters were all written in various different years, although every one of them has been outlined since I started writing it in 2013. Of the ones written most recently, I have tried to keep it to that 2014 feel, both in terms of my writing style and any pop culture references. Not sure how well I did but there was an attempt.
It was almost like being back in the ocean, for a split second. Everything was blue, and they were floating, weightless—and then gravity returned with a vengeance and Steve slammed to a grassy earth on his stomach and scrambled to get back up. He was on the field before the castle, just a touch away from the thick of the fighting. Ranks of superhumans pitted against ranks of Hydra—it was the closest thing to straight warfare he’d seen in a while. Steve couldn’t even tell if they were winning or losing.
“Do you propose we drag him back and lock him in one of the bedrooms? Tie him up so he can’t break through with his super strength?” she asked, an eyebrow raised.
“’Supposed to’ being the operative phrase. They’re stuck here and there’s nothing Mom can do about it. Tears in the universe, potential collapse of the multiverse, blah blah. Same old story,” she said. Tony, and likely the rest of the team, didn’t appreciate being spoken about as if he wasn’t there, but the two 3490 kids didn’t seem to notice or care.
of it, Pep,” Tony had explained to her. Pepper didn’t understand what this principle might be—the principle of not getting him killed, not destroying his intellectual integrity, or not destroying her property?—and said as much to Tony. Tony just grumbled and continued to fiddle with small electronics within reach.
“Ok, Daddy,” Kate said, moving past the lump in her throat. She gave him another kiss on the cheek, and he captured her in a hug.
“Uh, duh,” Tony said, raising an eyebrow. “They’re high school kids. They have to work it out themselves. They don’t need Captain Truth, Justice and the American Way running over to save a kid from bullying. You wouldn’t be doing him any favors, Cap.” Steve didn’t argue further, but he didn’t move from his spot, either. Natasha and Clint suddenly appeared, though Tony had never heard them leave the car. Clint whistled.
“Ugh, no, that’s even worse. Antonella,” 3490 Tony, Antonella, said. She looked at him pointedly over her coffee cup. “But there is exactly one person who is allowed to call me that and keep his testicles, and you are not him.”
fun, getting to twirl her around for a few minutes. She was bold and brash and inhumanly graceful—a real treat to watch. And he was just happy to be doing something other than watch his charge flirt with every human being in the vicinity. The song ended and they parted with smiles—but that smile faded when Steve realized he couldn’t see Tony anywhere.
,” she said grumpily. She didn’t want her delicious gourmet food ruined by the horrible atmosphere of the helicarrier, of the steel walls and loud hum of the propellers or the prying eyes of her employees. Steve had just chuckled.
“You’ve been here a month and I know nothing about you. Do you know how creepy that is? You stand there, every night, and watch me work behind those sunglasses of yours—which, by the way, is weird and disturbing because
“Dad?” Steve turned around to see Peter at the door. He had a bandage on his arm and a bloody lip. He looked as drained as Steve felt.
unless it carried some sort of MGH like drug in its venom, which Peter found highly suspect. Reasonably, this shouldn’t be happening. Peter would have, had it not been for the excessive stickiness and the excessive
“Francis…” Kate trailed off. She didn’t know what to say. Should she apologize? Was she even in the wrong here? Or had he been playing her? It was too awkward. She scowled and shot down an approaching soldier. Better to think about the fight. If she didn’t think about the fight, she could get herself killed.
drew back, but Natasha caught it, holding him still and bringing him to his senses through the rage. Fury’s expression sobered a bit. “I don’t mean to make light of your grief, Commander. But I meant what I said. I won’t believe Tony Stark is dead until you find a body which, I hear, you haven’t.”
“Yourselves! I know what it is, Steve, when you’re no longer on a pedestal in your father’s eyes. And I know what it is to see the disappointment there and—no, don’t you give me that look! You
and you didn’t know what I wanted? Never figured you’d have a power fetish, Rogers,” Tony said, highly amused.
though, if I’m being honest. This is Richards’ specialty, to be sure, but he’s a bit of a fuck-up, so I’ll be overseeing your safe and swift return back to wherever the hell you came from. Now can anyone explain
case scenario.” They had arrived on the second floor, and sure enough, there was only one door at the end of the hall.
“You’re more than welcome, Jamie,” Tony said. “Now, take that with you. Show it off to everybody at the Christmas party tonight. Brag a little. Have people throw shoes at it. It’ll be great fun.” James laughed.
Tony had never seen his double in such a state. She paced. She paced the floor in the living room. 3490 Steve sat on the back of the sofa, trying to soothe her with words, but Antonella would not be soothed. To be fair, they were
having a blast,” Kate said. “Dad we should ditch these losers. I can’t believe they can’t appreciate a good ball game.”
he was crying. He needs to cry. You can’t—you can’t stay stone-faced in that situation,” Steve said.
“Katie,” Francis said, and his voice was so suddenly full of pain and regret it made her pause. “Please, could we—could we talk?”
“Gender?” Tony said. “The hell do you mean by that?” 3490 Steve looked amused again, that one side of his mouth quirked upward.
that you come home, Steven Grant. Hate me all you want. We’ll put a bed in the art room, or I can sleep in my workshop; you want to draw up divorce papers, you go ahead, but you will
“What happened in the nineties…” she didn’t bother to finished the phrase, just raised her shot glass in a toast and Steve followed her lead. They both took a shot to that. Tony refilled the glasses.
every evening, and you will paint with Kate and you will finish that goddamn motherfucking bike with Peter that should have been done months ago because they
“I need to take down these bastards, is what I need,” Steve said. “We need to save the universe from collapsing in on itself, and maybe we’ll have a better chance of doing that if we figure out who caused the rips in the first place.”
“Hey, no hard feelings,” Tony said smoothly, though he knew that Steve still seemed irked. Frankly with that track record, Tony didn’t begrudge him the gun.
no, man, not without you,” Peter said. “Come on, up, if you don’t want to be carried.” Peter got his arms under his bleeding brother. He could feel him trembling beneath him as he tried to stand.
“Yeah, yeah, thanks,” Peter replied, already engrossed in his work. It was a familiar scene but felt funny to be on the other end of it. Tony left the room and turned the books over in his hands. It wasn’t going to be revolutionary, but it was a start. And a
“Kate—don’t—please,” he said as she moved in even closer. She nearly had him pinned against a wall. Steve almost felt pity for the kid.
“Oh, gee, thanks, Kate,” Peter said. “I hadn’t thought of that one. I hadn’t tried that one a thousand times over.”
“Hello Francis,” Steve said to the boy who was helping himself to an apple from the fruit bowl on the table.
Maybe that was why she was doing whatever she could get her hands on. Alcohol had no effect, so she had no milder options anyway. Maybe she was trying to make life more exciting. Maybe she was trying to find meaning in a world that seemed meaningless. Tony did not know. She was at a loss. Maybe she was trying to numb pain or anxiety or depression. Maybe Tony should have dragged her to a psychiatrist long ago, but she had always been so afraid to do so, so afraid to become her father. Tony had spent more hours of her childhood in the offices of ever revolving child psychiatrists than she had with him. They had never helped, and Tony had resented him more for insisting she bare her soul to strangers.
James emerged out of the second tunnel; there were three entrances and two exits to the Manhattan bunker—one in the mall in Manhattan, one entrance that could be accessed by pulling the right lever in a barber shop (James didn’t know whose idea that one was, but he personally found it idiotic), and the final, this exit that James was taking through various tunnels that led to the basement of a warehouse in the shipping docks. He shut the door behind him, and a shelving unit slid back into place, concealing the door. The basement smelled strongly of fish, and it was packed through with canned goods. There were a few perishables on the shelf nearest to the door James had just come out of; James knew that this was the drop spot for supplies that his father and the Avengers had said they would establish. James passed it all and headed up the steps out of the basement and into the warehouse.
He wandered back towards the bathroom nearest his room—all he wanted was a hot shower and a good night’s sleep. His whole body ached, and he had a graze or two from those ancient bullets. They might have shitty aim, but when there was a whole group of them aimed at you—well, one was bound to hit eventually. The soldiers had, eventually, disappeared, though Peter had no idea where to. Back to their own time? Or further forward? The robot, at least, had crashed and remained unmoving. It was SHIELD’s job to classify it and clean it up, though, a fact that Peter was exceedingly grateful for.
“Status report B team?” spoke another voice over the comms suddenly, the deeper, more authoritative Steve voice that Tony knew to recognize as his 3490 counterpart.
It wasn’t long before they were dropped off in the parking garage beneath Stark Tower, and the Senator took them up in the elevator to the penthouse.
“I’ve got apartments beneath this one—you can each take one since we’ll be in New York a lot. I travel extensively and frequently, so you should always keep a suitcase packed and your passport on hand,” Senator Stark said. “Like it here or hate it, that’s your choice, but your time will be easier if you just enjoy it.” Steve guessed that comment was directed at him. He raised an eyebrow, which he knew would peak out over his sunglasses.
“I—it looks like it. He’s not down there,” Steve said apologetically. He was worried she was going to start crying again. She’d been crying steadily, quietly all day, and Steve had no idea what to do about it. Nobody else did, either. Steve had seen Francis try to give her a hug earlier and she’d just wailed and shoved him away. The crying, though, that worried him less than the quiet did, the quiet that had consumed Peter, had drained him of everything else. He’d been quiet all day, and Steve hadn’t been able to tell if it was grief or glaze or rage. Considering what had just happened, Steve figured it was all three. He knew that feeling. He knew feeling all of those at once while sitting alone in a bombed out pub in London, except there had been an added component: guilt. Then again, Steve knew Peter felt that too, over the man he’d killed on the streets.
you in there, because it was all for him. I wanted to do the same thing for you, Kate, but I didn’t know how. I couldn’t fill your room with science; you didn’t care about it. So I put a piano in here that took up half the room and you hated it. And then I tried putting up mirrors and a ballet bar, but the mirrors scared you at night and, oh, you came running into our room that night, screaming your head off and crying and for half a minute I thought you were being chased down the hall by skrulls!” Tony said. “So I took that down the next day and put up a little dart board for your Nerf bow, but you preferred the real bows down at the archery range so that didn’t hold your attention. I put up a vanity and gave you all sorts of silly make-up to play with—you
“Is that all?” Peter asked, standing up. He was in the mood to show off just a bit, so instead of climbing a wall, he jumped straight up, his hands landing flat on the ceiling as he pulled the rest of his body up. Of course, his feet were in shoes, so that made the position more difficult to maintain, but it was worth it to hear the
,” Steve said forcefully, so forcefully that Tony was compelled to meet the other man’s eyes again. He looked equal parts grief-stricken and determined, which was an odd expression to have.
If alt Fury knew where to find the Red Skull (the alt Red Skull?), then that meant that all of this—all of this was almost over. Maybe there were a few more battles ahead but, one way or another, they were coming to the end. Kate wanted to breathe a sigh of relief, but the feeling was still caught in her throat, held back by an even worse dread.
“I’ll be at the Triskelion, if anybody needs me,” he finished, picking up the duffel and opening the front door. He turned to go, but then looked over his shoulder. He looked like he wanted to say something more, but then he turned back around and left, shutting the door behind him. Tony could only stare blankly at the oak. She walked up to the door, putting her hands on it. She thought about swinging open the door and running outside, begging him not to go—but she would never do that. It wouldn’t do any good, anyway. She’d finally done it. She’d finally gone and done it. She’d done exactly what she’d always expected herself to do, done exactly what she’d been afraid of every time she refused his proposal. She’d finally driven him away. She flipped around and leaned on the door, closing her eyes. She was barely conscious of her body sliding down it, she only knew her legs would no longer support her.
team had died. But she was fairly certain there were civilian casualties, and injured members of the military. There hadn’t been a whole
“Why?” Kate asked. “Class is over.” She slung the strap of her purple duffel over her shoulder and stood up.
interesting. Tony was paying very close attention, and he couldn’t help but notice so was Steve. It was too tempting—Tony was fascinated by how these two people fit together. Like an engine Tony had never seen before, all he wanted to do was take them apart, see what made them tick. After all, one of them was
these games.” Dad was only met with a glare from James. Peter knew that look. He kind of understood that look. He knew what his brother meant.
“Nothing’s more urgent than you right now,” he said. He moved to his side of the bed and got on top of the covers. Tony snuggled up to him, laying her head on his chest. Steve felt better with Tony beside him. He could feel her heartbeat slowly coming down from its adrenaline-induced high, matching up with Steve’s own steady beat. He was so glad that she was here beside him, safe and sound and that no one else was much worse for wear. Well, part of New York City was a lot more damaged than it had been even after the fight, but things could be replaced. No one had been hurt. The Alternates’ moronic decisions that day hadn’t done any irreversible harm. Still, they had begun to grate on him. He hadn’t ever been fully comfortable with bringing them home, and now…
“They seem to like me well enough, sir,” James said. They both fell silent for a bit. Steve hadn’t spoken to his oldest son in a month, and their last conversation had been restricted to a five-minute phone call, but they were both already out of things to say. Steve had finished most of his dinner before he spoke again.
.” James could hear a quiet voice from somewhere above him, and then suddenly tiny hands on him, shaking him gently. “Come
had our problems, Peter. Yes, James and I both actually have real problems to deal with, funny enough. And no, they don’t involve getting beaten bloody by an asshole, but they
“Do we have any idea why the breach stayed open so long?” Steve asked. He frowned, reflecting on it. It was particularly odd—they Hydra agents hadn’t seemed particularly confused. They hadn’t just been dumped out into this universe; they had to have moved forward through the breach. They’d also been prepared for battle, so either they’d already been in the middle of a fight or preparing for one—or they’d been preparing for
As Peter hung from the hoop, shattered glass scattered across the floor beneath him and every student in the gym
“You’re done when I say you’re done,” her mother said, crossing her arms. “And this report card does not reflect the responsible young adult you want me to think you are. You’ve already gone back to training with Clint and Francis and the Academy. You can have French Club back, but you are
She looked at Francis. He looked so upset. If they both died the next day, she at least wanted the air cleared between them. He was her best friend. She loved him. She’d always love him, even if he was an idiot.
“Not as much,” Natasha said with a shrug. “I’ll be glad to get back to D.C. either way, to see everybody all together again. I haven’t seen Clint much these past few months.” Steve often forgot that Natasha and Clint were an on-and-off item.
because she didn’t have to pick a time or find a good moment or agonize over what to say and how exactly to put this.
“Eat your vegetables Gordon, come on!” said the voice. “Hey Parker, get a picture of this! Come on!” Tony wondered what kid had been elected photographer when he heard a familiar voice, much fainter than the other.
. Very stupid. Not an ounce of experience between them and Rogers, the only one who might have a sensible head on his shoulders, is a
“I think she wanted to know what we knew about them. She dropped into the control room after throwing tear gas through
“Oh, hey, what’s everybody doing—” at the sound of the voice behind them, Tony, and the non-playing Avengers, turned. At the entrance to the living room stood a young man who looked remarkably like Steve Rogers. His hair, however, was auburn, his face a bit more angular, and his body a bit more lean. Natasha crossed the finish line ahead of Steve, to many groans from the boys. “—here.” The boy’s expression quickly changed from one of curiosity to one schooled for blankness. Before Tony even knew what was happening, the young man had reached behind his back and pulled out a gun. He pointed it at Tony’s head.
. And now she was punishing him for what, kissing another girl when he didn’t have any interest in her to begin with? But she couldn’t deal with her mistake, yet another mistake, so Francis would just have to go. The door to the bedroom opened. James came in. He looked monumentally pissed off as he took in the scene.
“Don’t make this about making a difference, Peter, or saving the world,” Kate said, raising a single eyebrow. “This is about
He tried to raise his comms, but nothing came up—the device was dead. Maybe traveling by the space stone had shorted it out? He shut down his worry when he realized there was no way. There was no time to worry when the threat remained, especially not when the threat just got larger.
“He had a right to know. I’m sure he’s grateful to you,” Steve said firmly. In truth, he had no idea. He was sure that
“You’d only make it worse,” Tony hissed at him. Steve didn’t look happy about it, but, perhaps for the first time, he seemed to agree with Tony. He stayed put.
Dr. Banner, walked in through the door. He took a seat beside her on the couch. He looked at the laptop. “So you’re pretty confident they’re friendly?”
They pulled up into the parking lot of a nice looking school. There was a fence around the edge, but that seemed mostly due to the fact that the students were allowed outside, rather than any sign that it was a penitentiary atmosphere. There was a nice set of picnic tables off to one side, and some students appeared to be having lunch. Other students, however, populated a scene Tony was not unfamiliar with. Tony opened the door to the car and stood up as the other avengers peered out the window.
“All right,” Dad said, but Peter felt his father’s eyes on his back as he went. He felt his charade, the charade he’d carefully crafted in elementary school and been perfecting for years since, slowly cracking. He wondered what would be waiting for him when it finally broke.
“You’re physically incapable of being polite, aren’t you?” Rogers stated more than asked. “I’d figure someone with that big of an ego could use a psych eval more than me.” Stark just laughed.
cold outside. Tony’s face was red from the chill, and Steve knew his own must be, too. Tony didn’t let up on that
“If you’ll excuse us, we’re all rather exhausted, and we need to clean up. We have other superhero teams taking care of things on the outside right now. We’ll spend the night here and leave tomorrow morning, with the younger kids. We’ll move the rest of you later; it would be a bad tactical decision to move you all at once,” he said.
, James wanted to say, but nothing came out but a choked little sob, and he hated himself for that. 525 Steve sighed and turned him back around.
Peter came back with the nurse, and Steve excused himself. He didn’t want to make James uncomfortable, and aside from that, he had work to do. No way in hell was this group getting at his family again.
“15% chance we explode, 75% chance the portal disappears, 10% chance it’s both. So, a one in four bet that we explode, and an 85% chance the portal closes,” Tony said. “But the explosion won’t be nuclear and should be limited to this building and the area immediately surrounding us—maybe a hundred feet out from this building max.”
you didn’t like my meatloaf?” she asked. 3490 Steve opened his mouth and then shut it again. The pair was drifting gradually out of the room. “You could have told me that twenty-six years ago! How many meatloafs have I made for you?” They left the kitchen, and just like that, the stress of the evening was over.
,” Dad said, his voice stern again. Peter felt eight years old all over again. Dad pinched the bridge of his nose like he had a headache, and Peter felt guilty. He still felt angry as hell at James, but he wasn’t about to drag Dad into their problems. He just sighed and kept looking at James. “You’re mad at me. I get that. You’re right to be mad at me and I’m not going to argue with you. I just—” he swallowed, put a hand on James’ shoulder, “I just wanted to say I love you.” James didn’t say anything. He just kept staring at Dad.
y out there. I’m sure the actual Avengers have their hands full—if the other ones want to hide, what’s the big deal?” Katie asked. James could hear the bald man’s shoes squeak as he watched them turn right around abruptly. Katie took a single step back with her right foot.
“They would have destroyed the world, right?” Peter asked in a small voice. Their father shrugged and shook his head.
Bucky was obviously scolding his friend, but Tony had no idea what was going on, but Bucky held open the door and gestured out emphatically. “Мы собираемся на прогулку.”
This went on for a month—Steve sketched in the days, and watched the mad scientist at night—sleeping, of course, in the early morning. He wasn’t super human, after all. Steve remained silent, and at night he could tolerate his charge. He didn’t try to engage him in empty conversation or insult him or develop new nicknames for him (though, unfortunately, Agent Giggles
“Mmm. Mmhm,” she said. She swallowed. “Not bad.” She put the wrap back on the plate. She was back to watching him. Steve felt his blush heat up again.
“Oh, shut up Sharpe,” Kate snapped. “What harm does it do for him to be in the advanced class instead of with all the little kids in Junior?”
“I’ve got a sword, what do you want me to do? Kick it out of the way? Are we preparing for battle or playing kickball?” Torrun demanded. Tony tuned them out, still lost in thoughts of Steve.
as he remembered it. A misplaced storage facility for artillery gave up the game—Natasha and he had entered, discovered that SHIELD had once used the bunker as base of operations to Steve’s shock, and found a secret elevator at the back that led down to a room filled with desks, early computers (some desks had only typewriters), and filing cabinets. It was an old office, a hub for SHIELD—and there was Fury at the front of the room, swiveling around dramatically to meet them.
“Did any of you—” their father spoke haltingly, awkwardly. Usually he was so good at family talks. “—Do you want to talk? About anything? I know there’s—it’s been—the past few weeks…” He couldn’t seem to get his tongue under control.
“Please, do as you like,” his dad replied. The other avengers nodded and headed out. Natasha put a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
. Do you understand what that means? Do you comprehend my full meaning? I have had twenty years you have not had to work on my technology. I have a modified Extremis virus that fundamentally rewired my DNA—and no, I’m not explaining it. If I let you in that lab you could either accidentally kill yourself, screw up my stuff, or create technology that you have not yet earned the right to. And believe me, that last one? It will kill you as sure as screwing with my Extremis virus would. So stay
Nothing more was said of it until dinner. It seemed odd that Peter should miss dinner. In all the time that they had been there, Tony and the other ‘Alts’ as they called them had never seen a dinner without one of the Rogers children (save James, who Tony didn’t count). It was a weird sensation, eating without Peter, though neither Antonella nor 3490 Steve seemed particularly disturbed—dinner, it would seem, was not as mandatory as Tony had thought.
His heart ached, and tears sprung to his eyes that had nothing to do with the physical pain he was in. Even in what might be his dying moments, he just missed his mom. No, not his dying moments. She’d never forgive him if he didn’t
“A likely story,” Alt Tony said to him as he left. Peter just saluted him with two sticky fingers and left.
“You didn’t hear it from me,” Tony said. “And I suggest not using it to her face. She mentioned something about a single man alive allowed to call her that and keep his testicles.” Steve laughed.
“Nothing could be more of a nightmare than the last couple of months with the threat of all universes in existence collapsing,” Maria pointed out. Pepper leveled her a long suffering gaze.
“Weneedtogettoahospital, weneedtogettoahospital, weneedtogettoahospital—” Billy muttered over and over, his eyes tightly shut.
“No, thank you,” he said, arranging his sketchbook in his lap and pulling his charcoal pencil from his pocket. Kate just shrugged.
? He wondered. What mistake had they made by trusting these strangers? How could they have been so utterly naive? He looked up at his double. They looked the same. But now Steve could see a coldness in his double’s eyes, something in there that was utterly unhinged.
“I’m—I think…I think maybe we should move to Protocol 42,” Steve said. Her eyes opened and she looked up at him.
“That’s called shock, and it will be replaced in time with grief,” James said. He hadn’t meant it at all in a snarky way, for once hadn’t
“I knew I would be,” Natasha admitted. “They had security measures we don’t. I wasn’t really trying to be subtle anyway, they had to expect this at some point if Rogers is half the tactician he seems to be.”
“Shockingly the multiverse does not revolve around the Captain here,” Fury had responded, his tone dripping disdain. “And there’s something the Red Skull wants far more than his red, white, and blue behind.”
“Do they have pastrami?” he asked. Steve found the swiss, took it out of the fridge, shut the door, and shrugged. If Tony wanted a sandwich he’d have to scavenge for it himself. Tony looked a bit put out, and Steve could not fathom the audacity of that emotion given the present context. He set about assembling his sandwich. Tony got the pastrami out of the fridge.
His mother was dead. The universe was probably collapsing. And he’d just killed a man. A bad man, sure, but a man. He felt his gut twisting.
Bruce, despite his brief encounter with the 199999 Avengers, had not yet really interacted with them much. He was not aware that any of them were particularly close to his own Avengers or their children yet—it had only been three weeks, after all. He was, therefore, a bit gobsmacked when Peter texted him to meet him at Stark Tower and he arrived to find male Tony and his own double in the lab with Peter sticking to the ceiling, barefoot.
“That the bracelet was a reminder of how strong I was,” Kate said, looking at the old silver charm bracelet that was still on her wrist. “And how you and Dad and Peter and James would always be there for me. And then you went through every charm and told me what it meant.”
Tony Stark was much more fun to be around than Senator Stark, Steve had decided. Which, to be fair, probably had a lot to do with the fact that Steve Rogers was much more fun to be around than Special Agent Steve Rogers. Steve still spent plenty of time watching Tony in the lab, but now those hours were often filled with conversation—and when they weren’t, when Tony needed to think, Steve had loosened up enough to permit himself to draw on duty.
them.” Instantly over a dozen eyes were staring at the pair of them, James, red faced and furious, and Steve, utterly taken aback by the response. The little kids looked up at them, turning away from
“Look, why don’t we send a team to the Triskelion to find out what they know and then make a decision from there? This can wait a day or two. They’ve given no indication that anything is about to change. If things start looking shifty, we can regroup and go from there, but as it is we need more intelligence before we can make an informed decision,” Steve said. He felt on edge now. He’d felt
It wasn’t his father. It was MCU Steve, and all of the MCU Avengers, along with Kate, Francis, Torrun and the others. They were here. It was going to be ok. It was all going to be ok. Peter had to have faith in that.
“Nope,” he said. Steve frowned, following in behind him. The rest of the team followed his lead, as usual.
the military base. Right. It was nearly Christmas. He was given a furlough for the holidays before being sent overseas. He rubbed at his eyes and glanced at the clock. Well, his second assumption had been correct. It was eleven o’clock.
One day passed, then two, three, four, five and still there was no sign of Commander Rogers. There was very little sign of 3490 Tony, either, as she was squirreled away in her lab, working on ‘something’ though the details of that ‘something’ had been utterly lost on Steve. In fact, Steve hadn’t seen her at all since the night of day three, when Peter had asked at dinner if his father was coming home soon or not. 3490 Tony hadn’t answered him, and had disappeared promptly after dinner. She hadn’t shown up to any meal on day four, nor any on day five, and now it was the afternoon of day six and Steve was beginning to be truly concerned. He had no idea if 3490 Tony had been sleeping or eating at all. Peter and Kate didn’t seem particularly bothered—they’d seemed to have some form of contact with her. Steve guessed they’d been down to the lab. It was now just two days to Christmas Eve—and the annual Avengers Christmas party in Stark Tower—but the holiday hardly felt cheery with 3490 Tony holed up in her lab, working on God only knew what.
“I know exactly where he is,” Steve said, with a small, sad smile. “Arlington. Perhaps my question was more existential than you thought. I was dying, after all.”
of us. I don’t think he’d understood, before, what it meant to me, too. So we decided we’d do a proper wedding now that neither of us was dying or on the brink of war. We signed the registration act and did a public wedding—that’s the one with us in costume. It was to help us present a united front on the SHRA and get all the superhumans on our side. A bit shameless, really, but then we had a
“I don’t know,” Natasha said. “That’s the thing. Half the file was redacted. Most of it was blacked out. There’s an account of 525 arriving unexpectedly and then—nothing. In my experience a blacked out file never means anything good.”
A moment later 3490 Steve and Bucky emerged from the hall, headed out of the hospital, away from all the Avengers. Antonella did not emerge, and Tony could not blame her. However, the moment there was a faint, muffled sound from Kate’s room, Antonella left her refuge like a shot, instantly arriving at her daughter’s bedside. It would have been difficult to miss the tears still streaking down her cheeks. Tony didn’t hear Kate’s question, but he did hear Antonella’s answer.
of us stack up against our own other selves? Tony, how well do you think you’d fare against a woman you who has armor
. How many lives was that? Countless, he imagined. An unthinkable number. They would all be destroyed, wiped from existence. His chest tightened.
all the gossip at the Academy and James told her all about his unit. By the time they got to dessert, Torrun had appeared to have completely regained her appetite—or perhaps she just had a massive sweet tooth—as she indulged in two slices of pie, one pumpkin, one chocolate. James had two as well, both pumpkin. He couldn’t resist, and his super metabolism meant that he didn’t have to. Thank goodness for that.
“No, no, I meant—why are you bringing me food?” 3490 Tony asked. Her gaze was unrelenting. It was the most undivided attention 3490 Tony had ever afforded him, and he felt his face heating.
“Did I hear someone say spaghetti and meatballs?” Kate asked. She walked into the kitchen, Francis Barton at her side. Peter lagged behind them. He looked
it’s any safer down here,” Tony said. “They infiltrated Stark Tower—who’s to say they don’t know about this place?”
“Hey. Eggs for you.” There was a plate of eggs thrust under Kate’s nose. She looked up to see Francis staring down at her. His expression was a mixture of pity and concern and it left a bitter taste in Kate’s mouth. She shoved the plate away.
“Gwen! Gwen, would you mind—just stand in front of the spiders for a second? I need one with a student in it,” Peter explained. It was sort of true. It was
. Guess that’s a bad idea for me, huh?” Still laughing, he walked down to the gym before his gasps of laughter could turn to gasps of sobs for everyone to hear.
“So destructive,” 525 Steve said. “Who knew such evil could grow from such a sweet little boy?” 525 Steve released his hand from James’ hair, returning to his shoulder instead as James straightened. James couldn’t help it at this point—a few tears rolled down his cheeks. He had never seen his father look more helpless, but he knew that he would keep him safe. He knew that his dad would get them both out of this. James just had to be patient. His dad would save him.
“It can wait,” Steve insisted. “Get some rest, Tony.” She made a small noise of protest but did not speak again, and minutes later she was sleeping.
of liquid in his IV. Steve was no stranger to disaster. He knew that it always struck swiftly and indiscriminately. Things tended to snowball quickly.
“I like her better,” Francis said. “Also she snagged the tickets, so.” Well, James couldn’t argue with the last one. Or the first one, really. He took the back and, as soon as they were safely out of the vicinity of the house, Francis cranked up the music so the whole car shook. They danced in their seats and sang badly the whole way there.
Of course, there were reasons why the test might be wrong, Tony reasoned. She was a scientist, after all. False positives could happen, even multiple times in a row, if certain conditions were met. They were only testing for elevated levels of the hCG hormone in the system. Certain rare diseases could cause those same elevated levels, though Tony was fairly certain that Extremis had wiped out any chance of her getting a disease. She could have choriocarcinoma, potentially. And Tony, in that moment, staring down at the seventh little plus sign, could not decide which would be worse if she had cancer again or if she were pregnant again.
tension, but Peter had never seen such weird vibes between Francis and Kate. The blond archer was all mopey lately, and Kate wasn’t really talking to him. They were usually attached at the hip—their distance made
It had taken Tony a little while, but in Steve’s absence, realization had dawned on her. What Steve said was
“Am I late to the party? I see the gang’s all here,” Bruce, 3490 Bruce, walked up the stairs to the control deck.
“Here, just take mine,” Other Jane Foster spoke up, approaching Tony. She rolled up her long sleeve to allow Tony access. Other Jane looked very similar to Jane, Tony noted—except for the fact that she was at least fifteen years younger. Tony fastened the tie around Other Jane’s arm, ever aware of Thor looming nearby and watching with a careful eye. “What do you need it for, anyway?”
“There’s a VIP room on the second floor. It’s not labeled but it’s the only door up there,” she said.
“Might as well grab a few pounds of bacon while you’re out, Peter,” 3490 Steve spoke. His voice was a bit deeper than that of the Steve Rogers of his own universe, but the biggest difference was the confidence. The older Steve sounded confident and even more commanding.
“Leave him alone, Peter, he just got off the ice a year or two ago,” 3490 Tony said. There was a slight note of admonishment in her tone.
the device? What if the machine was just…channeling it? What if that’s all it does—open portals to things?” Clint suggested.
. It was a bizarre concept to him, and it had been nagging at him every since he and Antonella had spoken last. He still couldn’t figure out why she’d done it. Tony had loved Pepper, but he had never felt the urge to marry her.
“Thanks for—thanks for having my back out there,” Tony spoke. He looked almost embarrassed. Steve shrugged.
for, at the restaurant she’d made reservations at. Reservations which were for eight o’clock, which she would certainly miss. He’d been gone for
, something at once strong and vulnerable, a deep honesty that Tony had (for both good and ill) buried in those eyes. Steve took off his headphones, looking towards the door.
They couldn’t talk in there—there was a businessman on his blackberry, and a woman who was likely a higher class lady of the night. They waited until they got to the appropriate floor, and then Tony left the elevator. Tony marched purposefully down the hall, and Steve followed.
do other than bloody his knuckles on an old punching bag. He showered quickly—it was five minutes, tops—and headed back upstairs to face everyone else.
to be in here.” Fury had rounded on a young agent who had wandered in, looking a bit dazed. He just stared at Fury. “Did you
“Wow, all right then, not that I haven’t been thoroughly entertained by this beautiful display of maturity, but I have some patents I need you to sign, Tony,” Double Pepper cut in.
“He is,” Tony agreed. “He’s a good soldier, too. He takes everything in stride. He’s always laughing. You know, when I first met you, Steve, I figured you just had a massive stick up your ass. You were too serious. You oozed a straight-laced attitude I didn’t think still
“Take your time,” Peter said cheerfully, then returned his attentions to the other web shooter. Tony stood.
,” was all he said. Peter moved both his hands to the spot and put pressure down as James just groaned. “You call anybody?”
, you and Natasha were dancing, is it my fault that at that precise moment I was being dragged away for some closet sex? How could I interrupt you two when I was so certain Natasha was pulling that stick from out your ass?” Steve laughed.
Steve understood. He really, really did. He respected Tony’s decision—and was even more glad that he’d been the one to call things off, knowing Tony was impaired, because he
“Oops,” Peter agreed. It wasn’t surprising, though, that in the chaos to help out in Times Square, something had gone forgotten. But Peter knew as well as James did, as well as they all did, that they had been deeply lucky that nothing had happened. They couldn’t afford to make mistakes.
“Your classmate,” Kate answered flatly. She walked to her duffel bag and picked it up off the floor, never taking her eyes off the other girl.
if you had a bit more hand to hand training,” Steve said, even though he knew it was a lie. There was no way forty-something Tony Stark could compete with a weaponized sixteen year old super soldier, but he might have
above him. He wondered how much of it had already fallen, was already pressing downward. His heart rate picked up. He was in pain, he was scared, but if he didn’t get up now and look for a way out, he might never see the light of day again.
“I’ve been fiddling with it. Brought it with me to show Uncle Bruce,” he explained. “What’s the plan?”
“Never!” female Tony said, kicking her legs ineffectually as her arms were pinned to her sides by his.
—acrid smoke, choking her, choking them. Something ran through her mind—it would be easier to think if it were easier to breathe. She brought her elbow up over her nose. Her sweater, her ugly sweater with jingle bells sewn onto the knitted Christmas tree like obnoxious ornaments. Screaming and Jingle Bells.
? Peter sure hadn’t. On three separate occasions, Tony wandered into the room with a pack slung across his shoulders, then stopped midway, cursed, and headed back again.
“You’re not winning any favors with your attitude, Kate,” her mother pointed out. Kate slammed her tablet down on her bed.
“Portal or a tunnel underground. Could be anywhere,” the bald man said. James could see little blue sparks of electricity hitting the floor and hitting the air; if any of them were to hit the door, it could short circuit the cloaking device. James was already amazed that the device hadn’t been effected by the EMP; he doubted it’d stand anything else.
“I…” Steve’s brain had mostly shut off. Tony took off his pants, but, thankfully, not his boxers. He moved to the pants and started shaking them out. He did the same to the shirt, and then examined the jacket closely. He looked over to Steve.
, of peeping out of windows in the night and listening carefully for the sound of sleigh bells. Well, not that Peter did that last part anymore. Nope.
woken. He could feel his eyes blink open, but everything was dark. For a moment, panic gripped him—was he blind? Had he lost his vision from a head injury? But no—his eyes adjusted slowly, and he realized that the world around him was simply very dark. He could barely see his hand in front of his face. His leg was throbbing, but he tried not to think about it too much. He removed the glove on his right hand, feeling for his web shooter. It had a couple of other functions than just shooting web, and one of them was a very small flashlight. It was just a pinprick of light, no bigger than anything you would get from a phone’s camera, but it was far brighter than any available light source. He moved his wrist about, coughing from dust and surveying the area.
“Not that we haven’t loved having you all here,” 3490 Steve said, only a single step behind his wife, “but we
“Right, well, you just all have a nice long think about that and keep yourselves occupied. I’m going to watch
“Has everybody eaten?” 3490 Steve inquired. James nodded. “Let’s get anyone under 16 to brush their teeth and go to bed.” There was no collective “aw” from the floor or any word of protest. The younger kids decided to get up and start heading to the bathrooms quietly, Ben Banner walking behind them for supervision. 3490 Steve watched them as they left, and only turned back to everyone else once they were gone. His eyes focused sharply on Steve, and then each of the 3490 Avengers in turn.
“Yeah, I get it,” she said. She wanted to cut this conversation off at the pass. She didn’t want him to make it so explicitly clear that she’d been an idiot, a lovesick little girl seeing what she wanted to see.
James would later not entirely recall what happened. He only knew that one moment, his brother was spewing abuse to his face, and the next moment he had him pinned up against the wall with his forearm, his little sister screaming at him to let him go, a bunch of people shouting, and a supersoldier at his back, trying to pull him off.
“Of course—why, are you nervous for me? That’s adorable, big guy,” Tony said with a laugh. Steve tried to smile but was less than successful. “You really are, aren’t you? Well, even if I don’t get elected, what’s the worst case scenario? You go back to D.C. Aren’t you excited to go back?” Tony looked at him with a look Steve knew all too well—it was the same look Tony got when he looked at fancy gadgets he hadn’t made, like he wanted nothing more than to take it apart and see how it worked, because something about it puzzled him.
. It doesn’t matter that you’re a superhuman. When you shoot, you’re just an archer like all the others. Aim true, Kate. I have a feeling it will save your life one day.”
“At the end of the day they’re not Mom and Dad,” Peter said. “They’re not Director Stark and Commander Rogers, they’re not Captain America and Iron Man. They’re just people.” Kate was quiet for a moment, but then she spoke again.
In order to regain some semblance of control in his life, Steve decided to take a walk one evening out on the grounds. The grounds were beautiful, all perfectly well kept. There were patches of flowers and an area of carefully tended woods. The lawn was perfectly manicured and everything was taken care of with precision. Yet Steve never saw anyone actually
“It’ll take a lot more than a little bullet to take me down,” he said with much more confidence than he really felt. After all, it was a bullet that had taken down Bucky with ease, and he was no greater a man than him. “What’d you stick around for?”
A flash of movement caught his eye—it was the redhead again, moving, ever so swiftly, towards the front of the crowd. He saw a flash of something else, too, and Steve Rogers didn’t hesitate. He rushed forward, bowling people in the crowd over and tackled the redhead—the redhead
“Tony?” James announced himself, taking advantage of a moment when the soldering iron wasn’t turned on. Tony turned to him and smiled, which took him aback. “Peter said you wanted to see me?”
“Right,” Tony said presently. “Right—it will be good to get… back to normal.” Tony’s tone was flippant and casual, and he carefully looked anywhere that wasn’t Steve. Steve didn’t know how he wasn’t picking up on this before (or how hard he was subconsciously ignoring this kind of thing before).
“Tony, we found her, Kate had her, get out of there,” Steve commanded. He didn’t like this. He didn’t like that she wouldn’t tell him exactly what was wrong. She was quiet over the comm. for a moment.
you, Katie, and keep you safe and happy. All right? So no more sneaking.” Kate just nodded, unable to speak. Her father just smiled, and turned back to his painting.
“Peter. Take a deep breath. In, out. In, out. Good, like that,” fake-dad, barely-older-than-James dad spoke to him softly. Without seeing him, it was easier to pretend that it was real-dad, even if his voice wasn’t
“Half-brother,” Peter grumbled, and wow if Tony didn’t sense a whole heap of resentment off of that one tiny correction.
“If someone sent us here,” Other Steve said, “then they wanted us gone. Someone’s plotting something, and you’re saying we’re stuck here for a year?”
“It’s settled, then,” Steve said, looking out at the team, their picnic half-forgotten. “I’ll speak with 3490 Tony and Steve tomorrow.”
, to memorize every curve of his lean, muscular body, to drink him in the way Tony drank in bourbon.
At those words, something inside James snapped. He went from listening with sympathy for his brother to suddenly feeling an uncontrollable rage at his father. How many times had he heard those exact words? How many times in his life had his father told him he was
“ONE!” James yelled—and suddenly everything behind the purple barrier vanished. All of the soldiers were gone, along with a few unfortunate boats. The young avengers all cheered.
“Kill you. Paralyze you. Monitor vitals—and, thus, check for signs that you’re lying. Mainly they’re controlled through JARVIS here, but we do have trigger words in case of emergency,” 3490 Steve said. He spoke so clinically Steve felt his whole body tingling in horror, like he no longer wanted to be himself, like his soul was trying to jump out of his body and become somebody, anybody, else in that moment. Steve took a few breaths, doing his best to keep his expression schooled to Natasha levels of blankness.
was indeed the best Steve could think of. Only two years younger than James, Steve had known Francis for all his life. He had watched Clint teach him how to shoot a toy bow, and then not long after, the real thing. He had watched him play with Peter and Kate as children, patiently sitting through Kate’s tea parties and not so patiently trying to teach Peter to hold a bow. Then he watched as Francis moved on to teaching
His own mother had only just recovered from cancer at the time, and he recalled, watching Cassy, being grateful that it wasn’t him, wasn’t his family, wasn’t his parent in the casket. He wondered, as he walked up the church aisle next to his sister, dressed head to toe in black, an all-too-solemn expression on his sixteen year old face, if Cassy was somewhere here now in the pews. He didn’t look for her though. He didn’t look out at any of the faces really, because he knew the faces would be grim, and sad, and teary-eyed, and if he saw any wobbling lips in his direction, looks of sympathy and empathy and pity, he’d start weeping openly then and there.
“Get underground,” James said. He looked at his watch. Three minutes had passed, and he still had to find the powered Avenger kids. “Where are the others? Torrun, Francis, Azari, Billy, Teddy?” Peter pointed. They were fighting on the roof of a building. Brilliant. “Peter, you get them and meet me at the entrance to Sixth Avenue mall, you understand? You have two minutes or we’re going to have to leave without you all.”
. NYMA had very strict rules and regulations, as should be expected from a military school. Still, his dad was his dad, so James got to attend Avengers Academy every Saturday all through high school, where he sat in class with Francis, Azari, Torrun and others. He’d spent several weekends there during college as well, but that had been more recreational, checking in on the gang. But as he got busy with graduation, and then with the military itself, he hadn’t had a chance to drop by. He hadn’t seen Torrun or Azari in months, and they sat to his left, Torrun insistently taking the space right next to him. She and a couple of others helped him and Ben with filling the younger kids’ plates. Finally, after what felt like dozens of plates had gone by (there couldn’t have been dozens, there were only twenty of them at the table in the first place, but James was a bit prone to hyperbole), the last plate was filled. Of course, no one had touched their meal yet. James looked at Ben, the oldest at the table, but his face went a bit red.
“Blue Team has landed,” Kate spoke into their ear pieces, on a line Steve knew would broadcast out to their teammates ready to assault the castle from the front.
once he got out of the bunker. Maybe the military base? Would James just go on with his life like nothing weird was happening? At least Peter was reasonably certain that James had used the second exit through the warehouse and not the first through the mall. The mall would be too crowded this time of day, it wasn’t smart to risk it; who knew who would be watching?
And yet here he was, making bets on who he’d sleep with next. Wasn’t that a judgment from afar, even if one in jest?
“Right,” Tony said. He looked at the design thoughtfully. “It’s not something I’ve thought of before, but, maybe, with existing technology in the biotech field…” Tony trailed off, lost in thought. He messed with the holograph some more. Steve figured that was the end of that, but Tony spoke up again moments later. “Have you ever met my best friend?”
“Yeah, thanks, helpful,” he said. He flipped up the hood of his black sweatshirt and then headed off—but he paused just before he left and turned around. He looked at Tony, and the look was so pained, so humiliated, that Tony felt a bit of second hand embarrassment for the kid. “Look, just, don’t say anything to my parents, yeah? I’d appreciate it.”
Oh, this was exactly what she didn’t want to think about. Tony turned her thoughts doggedly to the task at hand and did not think about Kate until it was time to emerge for dinner. Dinner, thankfully, was uneventful. The alts, better rested, seemed more accepting of their position and more comfortable in it. They felt fine asking more questions about themselves in 3490, which Steve and Tony were fine with answering. Peter and Kate even answered a few questions—Peter with enthusiasm, Kate with dry wit that reminded Tony so of her father. It was one of the only things that did, with Kate.
Steve and Tony, and how complicated their life was, even if there was beauty in it, too. And what if this was all born of them? What if these weren’t
Well, maybe get rid of his brother’s hollow stare. Maybe try to hold Katie close again and see if she wouldn’t accept a shoulder to cry on. It was the only thing he
“ORDERS?” Kate yelled across to her brother. She, along with a girl named Jeanne, was in charge of the Avengers Academy students, just as Natasha was in charge of her AVengers. They were under James’ command, but they were meant to work as a team.
Peter stood next to his twin, talking with Torrun, Francis, and James. Torrun was eighteen, tall, muscular, brilliant, and had thick blonde hair that reached her waist. Peter wasn’t sure he’d ever met someone so effortlessly confident in his life. Kate was confident, sure, but she had her weak spots and her vanities. Torrun, on the other hand, genuinely had no insecurities—at the very least none that Peter had ever noticed. She was very much like Thor, and everyone loved her. Torrun, in turn, loved everyone. Although, Peter had to admit, she was loving Francis a bit too much for Kate’s tastes at the moment. His sister’s left hand was balled into a fist so tight her nails must be digging painfully into her palm as Torrun freely flirted with the archer. Torrun also flirted freely with James, but Kate seemed to take her words with Francis as a personal affront. Oh, Peter was not equipped to deal with relationship drama at Christmas.
“Good night. I love you,” their father said. He sounded mournful. He was afraid, James realized. He was afraid that this story would scare them away. He was afraid that they would see him differently. He was afraid that they would become James. Kate moved forward and gave her dad a hug and a kiss on the cheek. She was reassuring.
“That’s—yeah,” she said. He heard her take a deep breath as he turned around, heading for the stairs. “Wait.” Steve stopped and turned, surprised to find her suddenly in front of him, and closer than she’d ever been. Well, excepting just once, when he was the accidental object of her affections. But the sudden small, warm hands on either side of his face didn’t feel accidental. Nor did, a moment later, her hot lips on his. Steve was surprised, but he was one to just go with it whenever a woman sprung surprise kisses on him. It had been so long since anyone had touched him in any affectionate way. It surprised him how much he missed and craved physical contact with another human being, and he didn’t even notice it when his own arms wrapped around 3490 Tony’s slight body. The kiss didn’t last long, and it was relatively chaste, all things considered. When they parted, she gave him a small smile and kissed him on the cheek.
incarnation, apparently, but particularly not him. And then there was the fact that James was only a few years younger than him. He was closer in age to Steve as a younger brother would be. He was almost the same age as Steve was when he volunteered to go marching off to war, to have his body shot up with experimental drugs and run off to the front lines. Did any of them really have the authority to drag him back? Steve didn’t think so, not really. Not even Steve’s alternate had that kind of authority—James was his son, but he was twenty-two years old, long past the age when he had to take orders unquestioning. James was his subordinate, but Commander Steve Rogers was not in the military; claiming authority on those grounds was shaky at best. If James wanted to go, what right did any of them have to call him back?
“Somebody’s always making weapons, Tony. If it wasn’t your bomb, it would be Hammer’s, or one from some other country,” Steve said.
before running in front of the couch, putting it between herself and mature Steve (though, Pepper was wondering if she needed to rethink the moniker). She ducked to the left, and so did mature Steve. She ducked to the right, and he followed. They were playing a game of chicken, but it was pretty clear who would win out in the end.
“I stole a bow for Clint a long time ago. I have almost all of my usual equipment,” Natasha said, just to be contrary.
on fire—we’ll never get that chance. She’ll never get that chance,” Steve said. He knew his voice was breaking up, words getting thicker and thicker in his throat.
“We’ll keep him at the Triskelion. I’ll see if I can’t get Hill to befriend him—as much as either of them are capable of befriending anyone. Let him in on some unimportant matters that, to an outsider with little experience, will probably look like important ones—make him feel part of the team and then see if he’ll spill,” Tony said. She looked up at
be on the Avengers some day. But they don’t think they will be, and honestly? I mean, take this morning. Who got to spar with the Alts? All of us have a parent on the Avengers roster, except for David.”
to do it and you don’t think that hey, maybe one of them will get their paws on my brother and use him as leverage? If we have to tie him down with adamantium rope then we
Steve had understood then what she meant, though he’d gone on frowning and hadn’t lifted James’ grounding that week. He wasn’t Tony’s son. Steve had unfairly made that clear to her once in anger, and she’d refused to speak to him for two weeks. Rightly so.
Natasha clearly recalled that day on the helicarrier with Clint. She had known the world was getting weirder, but she would never have believed that one day she would step into an alternate universe, that she would stare in the fact of another her, that she would team up with adolescents with incredible powers with incredible powers to save the multiverse from tearing asunder. And yet here she was.
And then there were the 199999 Avengers themselves. It was always weird, to know someone and not, but it was weirder now that they had to spend every waking minute with them. Before, Peter could almost ignore their presence in their mansion on Long Island—but in the tiny bunker, it was an impossibility. Clint wasn’t as funny. Natasha was almost silent as a rule. Maria, not really a member of the Avengers as such but nevertheless part of the team, was a lot less terrifying, but that only made things weirder. And Peter didn’t even want to get started on his parents’ doubles.
HYDRA,” Steve murmured. He had thought as much when they found that brooch. “But why are they after Steve from the
“Well thanks, Captain,” Peter replied. He still didn’t move his hand to the spoon. James moved from his knees to a more comfortable sitting position. Peter just watched him, dead-eyed.
close, too in her space—but personal bubbles had never applied where she and Francis were concerned. “I think we—we got our wires crossed, you know?” Kate felt her whole being recoil from the words.
“Hm,” her father had hummed, pausing for a moment as he considered. “I guess I just thought about everyone I cared about who was there, and everyone who I cared about who might get hurt if we didn’t pull through. And then I did what soldiers do, Kate. I just grit my teeth and kept going. Feel the fear, feel the pain—but don’t let it control you.” He’d pushed back her errant lock of hair again as it escaped from behind her ear and fell towards her face. “I guess most people would say, you have to
it,” Peter said earnestly. James knew at once, even out of context, that Peter must be talking about Stash or Bash or Flash or whatever his name was—the asshole who had been picking on Peter
“So that you won’t lie the first time around and we can get this over with quickly,” 3490 Steve said. “I want you to answer me yes or no each in turn. Did you have
. “—and we decided that it was James’ story to divulge if he wished, or not. And when you were young—” His father hesitated and took a breath. “—kids should feel safe. Protected. If we’d told you—reminded you, really—that villains broke into our home and would have hurt you, if we’d told you that—what very nearly happened to James… We doubted you’d really feel safe at home again. Even with us. So we kept quiet. But I think you’re old enough to understand.”
Things had been quiet on their end for a grand total of five days. For five miserable days after James returned to the bunker, they had run through drills and sulked and sat in mind-numbing boredom. Kate wished desperately that she could go back to school, that she could hang out with her friends and play her cello and run the French club. This? Well, this wasn’t exactly Kate’s definition of
, but, we needed her expertise and familiarity on the subject as much as her genius. It wasn’t her specialty, but we’ve been dealing with this sort of thing for long enough that she understood it well. We’re working on it. In the mean time…the best solution is probably to figure out who is behind this and why, before they make it worse.” Steve exchanged a look with all of the MCU Avengers.
“Yeah, you’re right, the Adonis factor has been ruined completely. Seven years in the nineties did what seventy in ice never could,” Tony said. Steve grinned and Tony smiled back, but then her smile slowly disappeared. “Seriously, though? Are you afraid of getting old?” Steve looked up at the sky, filled with beautiful stars. Those same stars would not be there for his children. Light pollution would eventually ruin the scenery. But in that moment, it was beautiful. Romantic, even. He tried, in that moment, not to think of it that way, but he was failing spectacularly. It had been a year and six months months since Bernie had left him. He had loved her. But maybe she had been right. Maybe he hadn’t loved her as much as she deserved.
“MOVE!” Steve shouted, but before Tony even knew what was happening two hundred and forty pounds of muscle slammed into him, shoving him to the side just as a driverless semi-truck barreled right over the spot Tony had been squatting over. Apparently Clint and Natasha had fared only just as well—cars whizzed past, some of them running up on the curbs and crashing into buildings in their frenzy to run down the 199999 Avengers. Tony was incredibly grateful for the fact that the Hulk was in anther sector; he had been busy taking down a Leviathan. Tony had no idea where Thor was. Tony could see Clint leaping out of the way as two cars crashed into each other, right in the spot he’d just been standing in. Steve was running with Tony, moving him out of the way as they both tried to keep an eye on the team and also take shelter from the cars. Clint drew his bow and loosed an arrow—3490 Cap roared in fury as he rolled out to block the blow with his shield.
“There isn’t a better view anywhere in the city,” Tony boasted, but by now Steve knew that he wasn’t
things, not the normal everyday stuff the police and the military are used to dealing—“ Kate stopped mid-sentence and shot up to a sitting position. Francis tried to slowly follow, propping himself up on an elbow while Kate scrambled to her feet.
“TONY!” Steve screamed into the comms, but there was no answer. Half a second later, a second explosion rocked the whole building. There was a horrible creak of metal and the sound of glass shattering over and over again as the entire building began to collapse in on itself in a great display of fire and smoke. They were running now. They were all running, but Steve was frozen to the spot. He started forward, but a hand on his bicep jerked him backwards.
“Hey, Tony, I was hoping I could talk to you and Steve tonight,” Other Steve appeared in the hall, and Tony could not have been more grateful for his presence. He would be a perfect distraction.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. He has an essay due tomorrow. I don’t have an essay due tomorrow,” Steve said, aloof. “Start her up.”
Tony didn’t know what really awaited them on the other side of that portal—aside from a gym full of gawkers and at least one guy that was probably now in need of some degree of first aide—but Tony did know that whatever it was, they would indeed face it,
“They’re lovely,” Steve eventually agreed, politely. He didn’t know how to tell her that he would rather she left, didn’t know how to tell her he just wanted to be alone.
“Oh yeah, ‘hey sweetie, I’m pregnant again’—that’ll solve all our problems,” Antonella said. She ran her fingertip along the top of the crystal glass. “There wasn’t a good time, before…I was…testing. I was trying to figure out if the baby would be born with the Extremis virus because…that wouldn’t spell good things. I would have aborted the pregnancy were that the case. But as far as I can tell, it won’t be affected. And then there just wasn’t a good time, and…then Kate happened and…I didn’t want him to stay because I’m pregnant. I wanted him to stay because he forgave me, because he loved me. But I didn’t get that, and he left. And I don’t want him to come back because I’m pregnant, either. I want him to come back because he
Steve Rogers? And you think I’d ever get him to use anything other than that shield he took through World War II?” Tony asked. James chuckled a bit.
As Steve tore away and destroyed deadly blue vaporizers, swinging punch after punch, he had to wonder where these agents had really come from. Earlier in the time stream of 3490? Or earlier in the time stream of their own universe? If they walked through that breach to the other side, would he be in his own world, in 1945?
“The other Avengers were already inside when I got there, fighting the Hydra members. There was one running away. He had something in his hand. I hit him in the back with my shield. He fell. Whatever was in his hand went flying. Tony was already flying out of the building, grabbing the members of his own team. He grabbed me too and pulled me out just as the bomb went off,” her father said. She’d never heard him sound so monotone.
or anything—but—uh yeah. And I’m—I’m really strong now, like stronger-than-James strong. And I heal pretty fast. And I’m really flexible. And I might have some kind of precognition? I don’t know, my reflexes are ridiculous now but there’s something else, too, I haven’t fully got a handle on it—ok, please stop looking at me like that, that’s what I was afraid of—“
“ABBA!” Tony shouted as a song Steve didn’t recognize came on. She laughed, a beautiful, musical laugh, and turned to the Commander. “MIT, January 11 1991—Oh, God.” The Commander just laughed.
“It’s more efficient if everyone understands each other,” Commander Rogers disagreed politely. “I can’t think of any reason why a little training wouldn’t be welcome for all of us.” Steve had to bite his tongue to keep from disagreeing. His double was
“Cosmic cube. That’d do it,” Tony said, frowning deeply in annoyance. Why had someone decided to disrupt her day like this? Now she had a full set of Other Avengers and various sidekicks—all potential threats—in the middle of her helicarrier.  “Well, don’t worry. As soon as I establish that you’re actually alts and not woefully idiotic assassins, I’ll transfer you to a more comfortable setting where you can wait until we fix this.”
break down in front of them, not when they need me to be strong. I feel like a horrible mother because you
“Get out of here,” he said forcefully. “Grab your Widow and your Hawkeye as stealthily as you can and
, Stark. Way more suspicious than you’ve been giving them credit for,” Barton said. “I think it’s their Natasha—she’s sharp. She covered her mouth first at their dinner a couple weeks ago.”
“Because Stark Industries doesn’t perform any genetic experiments and Oscorp does and this is for my biology class?” Peter answered.
“Could it have to do with the serum?” Steve asked. He looked so young compared the Commander. James, seated nearby, just looked like his younger brother. It was odd. “Is mine different than yours?”
“Woah, Tony, take it easy,” Steve said, steadying him as he got up and swayed on his feet. Where Steve’s skin touched his, it felt like a hot brand. Tony pulled away.
“Well, your Steve might indeed be a little white bread and vanilla,” Antonella conceded. Tony wondered if he shouldn’t think of her like that. If he thought the name, he might
“Well that’s fine then,” she said. “It’s not like we wrote anything actually relevant down. Did Hill let her clear the building?”
related. I just want to know. What is it? MGH? Steroids? Whatever the hell drug that has your mother’s brain connected to the internet? I just want to know how the hell you boosted your reaction time to nearly super human in a matter of hours,” Alt Tony said earnestly.
“Well, Tony, when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much,” Antonella began sarcastically, not deigning his answer with a real response.
“Shh,” he told her, and kissed her forehead. “Sleep now, Tony. Whatever it is can wait until morning.”
“HURRY!” Peter screamed down the tunnel. “THEY’RE TRYING TO BREAK DOWN THE WALL AND JAMES IS UNCONSCIOUS!” Peter could hear running footsteps, a bunch of them.
“Ok, soldier, slow down before you hurt yourself,” 3490 Tony said, the right side of her mouth quirking upward in amusement. Steve felt his ears burning. He’d never been able to talk to women. 3490 Tony poked the wrap, then looked up at Steve with one eyebrow raised. “Chickpea?”
“Well,” she drawled, “Now the Alts have seen Kate partying, us arguing, and you two making fools of yourselves, I think it’s Peter’s turn. I’ll just have to make a big deal out of it if you get second in the science fair, darling.” Laughter filled the room—everyone knew Peter was perfect. James slapped his brother on the back.
“Ok, fine. I’ve got spider powers. Like, I stick to walls now and have super strength and speed and reflexes and something about precognition, probably. Something near to it anyway, I haven’t worked out the kinks yet,” Peter said.
. And Tony wasn’t really sure how he felt about it, unsurprising as it was. Still, as they left the gym, Tony was just happy to see that smile on Steve’s face, and know he was the one who put it there.
. It was funny, what could become routine in a matter of mere months. Here they were, barely two months into this horrible disaster, and already fighting
“A phone! Well, more like a two way radio than a phone. Call us any time. With this portal—this much more stable portal, like
, I just… I don’t like it. It’s feeling crowded in here,” he admitted. “They hear everything. They know
you’re going to tell my parents, you’re Captain America. Fuck.” Steve could do nothing but stare for a moment as she took another drag on the joint. He hadn’t seen much of Kate Rogers, though her brother Peter had certainly been quite visible in the mansion. Perhaps this explained why. Steve took a seat by a tree to Kate’s left, using the trunk to support his back as Kate was doing.
any of that training any time soon, or if it was related to three days ago. And then the subsequent things that did not happen.
“To donuts!” Shouted a voice from the back of the church, and it was like a bucket of ice water had been dumped over Peter’s head, because he knew that voice. But it couldn’t be, it
“Yes, that’s what we usually call these types of training facilities,” Tony said blandly. Steve rolled his eyes.
She started tying up the ends of the trash, deciding she ought to take it out at that moment. She was going to just walk right up to Steve when he got home and tell him what was going on. That was the best way of doing things. She just had to get the words right. Tony frowned as she walked through the house, trash bag in hand. What
,” Francis said. Peter worried, briefly, that they were going to get crap from Dr. Pym for their whispering, but he seemed too into his lecture. He was lost, going in-depth into some of the mechanics of Doom’s technology. Robbie and Juston were hanging on his every word. Billy and Teddy were making out in the back of the room.
pleased at how fast they had managed to subdue the agents, and with minimal injury to their own people—until Peter had run to Billy, yelling about James.
“Well, I’m not entirely sure myself, Director,” her double said, looking around. “We’re tracking down the Ghost—heard of him?”
“Jesus, Kate, way to stink up the place,” he’d remarked, which sent Kate immediately to the shower. She was afraid that if her mother caught her she’d skin her alive, even though it was just pot. She’d probably think it was a gateway drug or something.
“I don’t know,” he admitted. “Telling me what you’ve done with my dad and Tony would be a good start.”
arrow that Kate could find no use for—and they were mainly using stunning devices to take out the soldiers. After all, who knew whose ancestor they might accidentally take out if they used lethal force? Not that Kate wanted to use lethal force, anyway.
“Fine, fine,” he reassured her. “I just…the team…we’ve been talking, and—“ Other Steve said, but at that moment Tony’s husband walked in through the garage door. Tony felt her heart leap into her throat. She couldn’t tell him. Not with his double standing right there. After.
But as he got up and spotted, far across the parking lot, an alternate version of his mother, his father, and several of his favorite ‘aunts’ and ‘uncles’, witnesses to his ultimate humiliation, Peter Parker didn’t want James’ life. He just wanted to disappear from his own.
“I might not have a computer for a brain, but I’m pretty sure I can figure it out,” Tony said, watching her rather intently. Tony still had some difficulty comprehending her face. It was odd, how much of himself he could see in it, yet how feminine her face still was—it was smooth and wrinkle free despite her age (Tony suspected Extremis had a hand in that), and there was a smattering of freckles across her nose and cheeks. Her cheekbones were pronounced, her eyelashes long, and her face a pleasing oval shape. Her nose was his mother’s nose, a tiny little thing with a little ‘ski slope’ at the end, so unlike his own. Her hair had his mother’s curl but his father’s color. It was like she was a long lost sister, not a version of himself, and this was the way he viewed her, most of the time. But sometimes he couldn’t help but remember how similar they really were.
They’d run to his side and he’d smiled and reached out a hand. He’d kissed Peter on the top of his head, he’d tucked a lock of Kate’s long black hair behind her ear.
He couldn’t take it. He couldn’t take these close quarters, couldn’t take the gazes of pity and sympathy and horror and whatever else lie in wait for him upstairs. He couldn’t handle this anymore. He was going to leave, and damn them all.
. James was going to have to do something. He could slide out from beneath the machine, shield armed and ready to go, defend himself from the rifle, take cover and then throw it at the guy, knocking him off the rafters he now laid on, looking out over the warehouse. He’d have to watch the other two though, they were both armed as well. And where could he take cover? There were a few shipping containers left, but they were made of flimsy wood; they would slow down a hit but not stop it. James grimaced. He might just have to accept the inevitability of getting shot in this situation; he would just have to control
“How are things outside?” 199999 Steve asked seriously. James navigated his way to a seat on the couch next to Peter. Pretty much everyone in the room was sitting down—Kate had been at the kitchen bar with Billy and Teddy. Azari, Francis, and Torrun were on the floor in front of the couch, having only just paused their game of Wii Mario Kart. Most of the MCU Avengers sat at the kitchen table, eating sandwiches for lunch.
Really, it was a rhetorical question. Ready or not, they were at their destination five minutes later. Steve hadn’t felt this jittery or this determined before a mission since ’45. The Red Skull brought it out in him, he figured. But the shield on his arm, its familiar, solid weight was a comfort; and, more of a comfort, the team at his back. He wasn’t alone in this. They were going to get through this together—and with a little extra help.
“Please spare our hearing, Stark,” James said sharply. Kate had no idea how Alt Steve was driving them through this mess, dodging bullets and lasers and yet another dinosaur, if he was also listening to the comms. Kate just held tight to his waist so she didn’t go flying every time they had to run straight over some debris. “We all heard you earlier.”
“Attack on New York was just over a year and a half ago. We pretty much ignored each other for six months after that, but we’ve been working together…on and off…for the last year,” he said. Tony blinked. The information was hard for her to comprehend. She couldn’t imagine going more than a week without her team now.
“You seem to have a lot of those,” his double remarked. His expression was guarded. Bruce understood (unsurprisingly).
, you—” she reached out to grab his arm but James was too quick for her. He danced out of her grasp and ran at top speed back to the house. He was a fast kid. He could sneak in and back out
“No more than Rogers here,” Francis said. Steve just watched this interaction, still puzzling out James’ overreaction. Was it grief? Or was it something more? Steve’s hand had slid back to Tony’s shoulder. Tony didn’t seem to be complaining.
“What do you need?” Coulson asked. The waiters arrived with their dinners, so it was a few moments before Clint responded, once the staff had cleared.
“What the hell was it, Tony? Do you know?” Steve asked as the penthouse quickly emptied. Lewis was screaming and crying as his father tried to calm him down, but otherwise everyone seemed fine.
. Kate peaked over the top of the car again to see the silver alien ball going up in flames. Iron Man flew around it. Kate ran out from behind the car—Francis jumped over it, sliding across the top.
for her intel before we act. In the mean time, act normally. Look comfortable. Be who they want us to be.”
“So what, we’re going to use Steve as bait?” Tony had demanded of Fury when they’d discussed the plan. “Use what the Red Skull wants to lure him out?”
Peter Parker, like Pepper Potts (though of course he would never see the parallel), coveted another life. In this particular instance, as he lay on the ground, his eye throbbing and his abdomen hurting so badly he could puke, he coveted a very specific life. If he was James, this wouldn’t ever happen. If he was 6’2”, broad shouldered, possessed the strength of ten men, conventionally handsome, openly the son of Captain America—well, Flash would have gone running instead of deciding to beat his face in.
the air vent to vacate the place. A bit obvious for Romanov, but I suppose she was doing her best to avoid casualties. She hacked one of the computers and downloaded the file we made up for them,” Steve said. He traced circles on her back with his fingers, applying a light, soothing pressure. Tony closed her eyes.
James understood. It had taken years of struggling over it, but James understood why his father did what he did. He understood that he would do it all over again if he had to. That was just who he was.
“I need to get you a girlfriend. Seriously, and more friends, then you’ll regain your senses,” Tony said. “I think you’ve been alone too long, Giggles.”
“I’m mostly over that,” Tony admitted. “It’s more… Antonella is… it’s easier to think of her more like a sister than another version of
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry. You know all that. I just—” Tony broke off. He couldn’t find the words. Where were the words for
“Kate,” he said. “Have a good lesson?” Kate just nodded and stood behind him. She put her arms around his neck and rested her chin on his head, viewing the painting.
“And that—how did that work, exactly, might I ask?” his double asked. His expression was a careful blank. Bruce felt his own chest tighten.
“I’ve gotten some sleep,” James said insistently, but he knew his sister knew he was lying. She just raised an eyebrow. James’ expression crumpled under her skepticism, and he knew it. He was too hungry and tired and upset to be strong. He sighed and offered her the bowl once more, pleading with her. “Please, Katie.” He didn’t know what he did right. Maybe it was his tone of voice. Maybe it was his expression of utter despair. Either way, Kate took the bowl and the roll he offered. James wandered over to his brother.
“Anything else?” their father asked quietly, running a hand through his blond hair. Was it James’ imagination, or was he beginning to get little grey strands at his temples?
“We have to wait. My going in is only going to make things worse,” Alt Steve said, but it sounded like the words pained him. “And you going in will do nothing but take everyone down there by surprise. Half of them will be distracted by telling you to leave.”
,” he whispered reverently, still standing in front of the open fridge. 3490 Steve turned to Antonella and whispered,
kiss, anyway. Under the mistletoe and all that cliched nonsense—everybody hooting and hollering and daring us to really do it. And we’d been tip-toeing around
“Please,” Antonella interrupted. There was a tremor in her voice, a desperate note. “Please, just go.” Just as he was first to speak, Clint was first to rise. He tapped Francis on the shoulder, who rose reluctantly. Everyone followed silently, save for James, Peter, and, surprisingly, Natasha—3490, Tony assumed. He wondered if she was waiting for Bucky to come back, but the thought left him quickly. All he could think about was the raw sound of Antonella’s voice. It was hurt and broken and filled with self-loathing.
I know I probably did not wrap absolutely everything up or answer every question. To me, the important thing was to wrap the emotional beats of the story up as well as any character arcs. I hope I have done that.
Steve snuck out all the way, a bit loathe to do so. He didn’t even know where he was going. Everyone else had disappeared. He could watch a movie, he supposed, or play a video game if no one was using the TV. He could read a book; he had yet to visit the library Pepper had told him about. He was just wandering around indecisively near the kitchen when he heard hushed voices. The music nearly drowned them out, though; almost all he could hear was:
“We’re not sure of anything here, Hill, what do you want me to say? You can’t even tell me with 100% certainty whether or not a guy is deaf,” Natasha snapped.
Tony was very glad that her brain was essentially a computer because she definitely wanted to keep a picture of the looks on their faces. Tony resisted the overwhelming urge to laugh. Other Fury looked like he was about to have an aneurysm. Other Pepper’s eyes had gone as wide as saucers. Other Natasha looked appraising, and Other Clint was grinning and hitting Other Tony on his shoulder. Other Tony for his part did nothing but stare. Other Coulson, as usual, looked blank faced and unsurprised. Tony retracted the armor back under her skin.
“I’ll continue to be an agent of the Secret Service. I’ll continue to be on your guard, if I can be. But heading things up—that’s Fury’s division,” Steve said. Tony seemed satisfied by that answer, so Steve left it at that. “You’re really sure you’ll get elected?”
specialty, Tony?” Steve inquired innocently. Peter shot him a grateful half-smile. Tony rolled her eyes.
“Peter! Peter! Oh, God—Peter, did you get Nicole? Nicole, is she still in the building?” Clint asked, grasping Steve’s son by the shoulders as a horrified expression suddenly came over both of their faces.
“One thing I can appreciate is logic,” Jeanne said. “And you’re many things, Rogers, but you are not illogical. If we don’t help, we’re just kicking ourselves in the teeth. So, I will help.”
“—Ok, wow, scary and I should have expected that. Look, despite all of that, the question is why take us home? Their
“I still have a mother, you’re right about that. You know how much my mother loves me? She loves me enough to have run away with me to California because she couldn’t
“He’s got a certain right to be awful to me sometimes,” Steve said. He felt drained. “There’s a lot you don’t know, Peter.” His youngest looked up at him oddly.
There was a chorus of desperate ‘yes’s, and a few minutes later they were all settled at the cramped kitchen table, mugs of coffee in hand, while 3490 Steve and his son Peter made pancakes at the griddle. Peter passed them out as they became available, until everyone had a plate except his dad, at which point he yelled,
Tony groaned in annoyance and, almost without thinking about it, put a hand to her stomach. She didn’t understand how this had happened. Well, yes she did. She was a scientist—she understood that nothing was ever 100%. She just couldn’t believe her rotten luck. She should have gotten her tubes tied, she thought mournfully. But after Peter and Kate had been born the doctors got all squirrelly on her—they didn’t like performing the procedure on women under the age of thirty-five, and she had heart problems as evidenced by the shiny metal object lodged in the center of her chest. Yet ironically, they’d had the same concern with her carrying to term. After she passed the threshold age of thirty-five, and then after she’d undergone the Extremis transformation, effectively destroying the original concerns, she just hadn’t thought to ask about the procedure again. It hadn’t been an issue—her birth control was working fine. She didn’t have to remember to take a pill, and it was non-invasive. It seemed like a win-win. Until this very moment.
“I didn’t know you were cleared for field duty yet!” Carol practically shouted over the noise. Her face went blank for a moment, and then she shouted into her comm, “No, Rhodes, stay
? Yes, to try to get us to trust them, yes, to keep a closer eye on us—hell, knowing other me we’re probably being filmed right now—”
Overall, despite the situation, the Other Avengers appeared to be taking the situation well. Tony wondered if she’d have to revise that assessment when Team Two met Team One—but, thankfully, that was for another day. When dinner was over, Other Steve began the movement with the Other Avengers to take the dishes this time. Tony tried to explain that all they had to do was put them in the sink because they had a maid service, but Other Steve was deaf to this. Tony didn’t mind—if they wanted to make less work for the maids, that was fine by her. As she stood in the kitchen, feeling a bit useless and out of place, she felt strong arms wrap around her. She smiled and turned around, never breaking out of his hold. Tony wrapped her arms around her husband’s neck.
“Maybe that’s not something that can be taught,” Tony had told him once, clearly sick of this old argument. “Maybe that’s something that has to be
“Mm,” Tony said noncommittally, thinking a bit guiltily of the small mountain of paperwork sitting on her desk back at the Triskelion. Did the World Security Council really even
The sky above them was darkening—but not in any way that made conceivable sense. Patches, here and there, were spreading an inky blackness while the rest remained blue sky and nimbus clouds. Steve could see constellations in some patches of the darkness, like the stars were about to swallow them whole. The Red Skull stood several feet from him, still holding the space stone encased in an amulet. The ground he stood on was surrounded by an old weapon familiar to Steve—land mines. And if he could see several, there was doubtless a mine field buried all over. Steve wasn’t sure where Tony had ended up, though he looked to his left and right quickly if he could fine him. There was a split second where he allowed himself to panic—
“Tony,” he said. It was the first time he’d spoken her name since that night at the hospital. She looked up at him. He was still so angry. It wasn’t in his face, but it was in his eyes. “I was looking for you.” Tony couldn’t formulate a response. She just stared at him. She knew why he was looking for her, the only possible reason given the evidence before her. He at least had the decency to inform her that he was leaving. When she didn’t speak, he continued, “It’s gotten a little crowded here.”
“I’m bulking up for wrestling,” Peter deadpanned. Alt Tony snorted. And took a seat at the kitchen table across from him.
assumption, that did it. One of the landmines didn’t go off and a single man got through. I heard a couple of shots go off from the wrong direction, so I turned around and took him out, but it was too late. Bucky had been shot in the chest three times. He bled out as I held him, and my boys staved off the attack.”
“Tony,” Steve said, “what on earth are you doing?” Tony had gathered about her cutting boards, measuring cups, knives, pots, and pans. Such was a dangerous thing for Tony Stark to have—mostly because it was dangerous to the poor souls upon whom she inflicted her cuisine.
“I knew you couldn’t,” he said, and Clint signaled Kate. She drew her bow, so fast she imagined it as a blur, nocking three explosive arrows and then drawing back and firing all in one smooth motion.
“For what?” Steve asked. He hadn’t done a thing. He hadn’t given a single useful piece of advice. He’d just sat there.
that you need to stay in the sky—taking the high ground is the first rule of battle strategy—aren’t you supposed to be some weapons genius? Surely you learned that at least
“Stranger for him,” Antonella pointed out. “You should really cut the guy some slack. Literally everyone he knows is dead. Or like, a year or two from death. His whole way of life—gone. Not even hamburgers taste the same.”
“Well, let me ask you this Cap—if you had died on that roof, who would lead this damn team?” Tony asked.
,” Natasha said critically. “They’ve given you as much freedom as they’ve given us, haven’t they? We could have had a normal dinner, not a double date. You might have raised their suspicions unnecessarily by insisting you two are an item.”
you would have been there! How many family fucking dinners did you miss? How many trips? How many times did I have to watch Dad’s face fall when you didn’t fucking show, how many times did I have to see Mom’s disappointed expression? More than I care to fucking count, I’ll tell you that. So what the
“I’m Special Agent Steve Rogers,” Steve replied. “My first name is Steve. Does that make you more comfortable, Senator?”
had. It seemed not to be a consideration. It looked like 199999 weren’t the only ones underestimating Kate Rogers.
When she danced, everything had more clarity. There was nothing but her body and the music, and that was the way she liked it. When she was dancing en pointe, there was no
“Unfortunately. Battle stations everyone, this is not a drill! Arms locked and ready on the central console. Do not engage until given the order,” she called out. She saw a few puzzled glances, but no one ever disobeyed her outright. She looked at her watch. It would probably be only sixty seconds or so now. She could hear sounds of guns loading, of agents getting ready to engage with thin air at her order. Tony could never decide whether that power was awesome or terrifying. Steve would say both. Tony tended to agree. She was halfway done with her coffee now. She’d have to have Mary make her another cup. Scratch that, she’d need a full thermos. She wished she could make it Irish. There were thirty seconds left, tops. Tony could feel the tension in the room, and yet another odd feeling—confusion, probably. They didn’t understand. Yet.
“Indeed!” Tony said, approaching him with a grin. “Hold out your right arm, I’ll put it on.” James obeyed, and Tony attached the smooth blue object to his arm. It was smooth like a smart phone, and colored blue. It was oval shaped, and flat on the side that made contact with his forearm and gently curved on the top. The straps James knew were made of Tony’s special smart fabric—it would read his vitals.
Tony’s smirk faded, and her arms uncrossed, and then she was walking to him with more urgency, until she was standing at the side of the pulpit, close enough to touch. Steve didn’t move, except to turn his head to keep his gaze on her. He could smell her perfume.
“Ok,” Tony said, then came to sit on the bed where Steve still lay. He realized, distantly, that he should have sat up. He should have responded. But he didn’t. He just stayed there, staring at this man and wishing the last few months had never happened. “What’s going to take you out of this? Because you’re scaring the shit out of everyone. And hell, it’s not like you don’t have the right to do this. Withdraw, whatever. You’ve seen more shit in your lifetime than anyone would call fair, and the last couple of months—if you want to break down, that’s your right. Maybe I should go? I don’t know. Nobody told me to come in here, I just—I feel like shit. Your wife died and then I went ahead and let you know she was pregnant and that was just the straw that broke the camel’s back, wasn’t it? And now you’re all—” Tony gestured wildly at all of Steve, “—and I can’t—I don’t—”
have your own Tony after all.” Then Kate finally turned and left the little forest, heading back to the mansion. Steve found himself feeling stricken, like her last, ginger words had been a jolt to his system, and he aggressively beat them away. He found himself wondering, not for the first time, what had happened between Steve Rogers, Bernie Rosenthal, and Tony Stark, but he didn’t really want to ask. It seemed like a bad subject to touch, one the household tried to sweep under the rug as much as possible. So Steve turned back to his tree and sketched, with no idea how to help matters and a sickening pit opening up in his stomach, threatening to drown him in his own muddled emotions.
It wasn’t like movies always said it was. There weren’t any fireworks. There wasn’t a moment of singular clarity, where Tony realized this was his
“I didn’t realize until the last second your comm was down,” Tony spoke, his voice oddly modulated by the Iron Man suit. “Glad you kept him talking though, gave me time to get behind him. Someone really should have taught him that if you’re going to stand around land mines as a defense you should probably make sure no one can fly around and knock you right into them.” Tony waved his other hand around, in Steve’s peripheral vision. He had not put it on, but he was holding the gauntlet. He must have snatched it out of midair from the Red Skull; and what was more, dangling from the thumb of it was the chain that hooked onto the space stone.
a big deal. If we were both older six years is nothing, but right now it’s—it’s huge. And I just want to do all this right, Kate. Because I love you. I just—well, I didn’t think we’d be exclusive until you turned eighteen. I figured you’d date high school boys, and I’d date college girls, and we’d—we’d come back around to it. When you turn eighteen, or nineteen, or twenty. If you still felt the same way after you’d lived a little more life and—we should have talked about it. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I hurt you, Kate.”
“It’s going to be ok, Jamie,” his father said. But it sounded desperate. James’ gut twisted with horrible fear. It sounded like a lie.
“Fair enough,” he agreed. “But Tony, those kids aren’t even there from six-thirty to four. Half the time they’re gone longer. You can’t take two hours a day in the presence of teenagers from a distance?”
“How?” Kate whipped her head around to find her father standing at the back of the room had voiced the question. He was dressed in sweats and a white t-shirt, as if he might have been on the way to the gym. Or maybe lying in bed all day. Kate wouldn’t be surprised in either case. She was just glad to see that he was up and about and apparently verbal again. She hadn’t let herself really worry about him. Not properly. She’d figured her dad had needed space and that he’d come back around eventually. The alternative was unthinkable, so she simply didn’t think it. “We left the space stone
“Hey, Pete,” Steve said softly, extending an arm for Peter. Peter went to him willingly, pulling up a chair and snuggling into his dad’s shoulder.
and Steve thought, as a parent, perhaps he ought to say something, but he couldn’t think of anything to say, couldn’t make his tongue work or his voice cooperate. She looked so painfully like her mother, standing there. He’d wonder when she had grown into an adult, but he knew. It was the same moment that had changed them all. He hugged her, too, and then left the hospital.
“Peter and Kate and the others don’t need to hear this, Dad,” James disagreed. “199999—yes, maybe, but—”
“Hold your ground,” said a voice suddenly. It was at once familiar and not. Tony was surprised to look to his left and find 3490 Clint standing there beside them. His bow was drawn, an arrow nocked. He glanced at them only briefly before speaking into his comm. “Target locked, Commander. EMP at the ready. We need to put her down. I’ve got a sedative.” Tony took a brief moment to wonder how on earth anyone communicated with Clint via an earpiece, but he got a partial answer just moments later as the Commander turned to face them. He looked livid, and he signed something. Tony guessed that it was the sign for
“I can keep my eyes on the sky and still take out Doombots on the ground,” Tony disagreed. He flew back and forth over the street, keeping a lazy watch over his teammates. Black Widow was using her widow’s bite to take down a doombot. Thor called lightning down from the heavens to strike, but the bot moved out of the way. Clint was handy with his arrows, especially the EMP arrows—Tony just had to make sure to keep his distance from those. Cap was taking down bots with his shield and his bare hands. But Tony was relegated to Lookout. Tony grunted in displeasure and landed anyway, taking out a bot with a solid repulsor blast.
special power is cool,” Kate finished. “It’s been pretty popular this year. But I don’t think Peter’s on it.”
“No need to tell me that,” she said, thinking of Steve and Tony of 1610. “We got nicknamed Disney-verse by the last set.”
I don’t toss your asses in a prison for the rest of this year for the blatant disregard of orders and
The routine never changed much for Steve. He had the shift from seven in the evening until four in the morning, at which point Agent Romanoff relieved him. If that time was not spent watching Senator Stark at work in his lab (and having to tolerate the music that drowned out every thought in his head), it was usually spent outside the senator’s bedroom. He had a new girl every few nights—or a new guy, on a few memorable occasions.
