"What kind of bubbles do you want?"
"There are worse things."
"They were supposed to be in your pocket, you egg!"
"Y'ah, bu'd-"
"This is the best toy ever!"
"Come on, love. You're going to have to go in your jams." Greg slowly eased Jawn off his lap, rubbing his back when Jawn tried to cling to him. Greg was strong but he couldn't get off the floor and lift Jawn at the same time. "It's alright, sweetheart. You're going to be okay." Greg stood quickly and tugged Jawn off the floor with his good arm.
"I'm s'ill b'ery s'dill!" Sherlock called out as Mycroft slipped into the pantry.
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise through his nose. "Stay and find out in the morning, then."
He leans over, bracing one hand on the bed. The other, still fisting the toy, braces against the mattress for leverage. Sherlock presses the tip of his cock at the entrance and catches his breathe before thrusting forward and finding himself buried to the hilt. Sherlock thrusts awkwardly a few times, trying to catch the angle. He stops and thinks of John sprawled below him, trying to decide if he wants to take Daddy from the front or from behind. He settles with Daddy on his back, legs open, moaning soft encouragements.
"Bay'bee p'ish?" Sherlock sucked in his cheeks and made fish faces at his brother.
Sherlock batted his eyelashes at Jawn, the  leaned back against Mycroft’s chest, head tipped back as he drained his cup.
"Happy Birthday dear Sherlock!-Muffin!"
“Would mint chocolate chip be alright?”
"I dun' know why."
Greg managed a shaky laugh; "Ha-ha-ha...what, uh, what are you doing down here for, dearest?" he asked, forcing a weak smile.
"Could get internet famous if ya' get the right shot."
"Contradictory little bugger."
Greg groaned. "Oh my God..."
Sherlock grunted and pushed back against the man’s arms with little result, then fell back with an impatient huff and started tapping his fingers on the buttons to Mycroft’s waistcoat.
“A’mon bay’bee. I'sh be’time.”
He rolled his eyes...How do you think he is, John.
"The delivery boy must have an unsatisfactory relationship with his mother to be carrying on like that."
"Be'yee y'ubs sh'ips." Sherlock shocked the both of them by opening his mouth for a bite of salad. "Y'ettuce is on'y o'tay."
"Okay. We'll take medicines after supper so you don't fall asleep eating a cupcake."
"Even Jawn noticed they were. And that's very telling, in his condition."
"What, now you don't want him?"
“I hate the shop.”
"Ow, ow, ow, owwwwch." Jawn wailed.
"You want me to touch you, don't you, Sherlock?" John whispers into Sherlock's curls. John’s hot breath travels down, over his ear and across his neck, working up goose bumps on the flushed skin. "You want Daddy to do all sorts of dirty things to you?"
“Alright, head back and eyes closed again, little love.” John rinsed the suds away without getting a drop in Sherlock’s eyes. Conditioner was a must, or his curls would frizz and dry. He repeated the processes and Sherlock, leaned into his hand.
It was his own reflection. The wardrobe had been left open, and he was catching his reflection for the first time in...well, since he'd left the hospital.
Greg still stood right where he was.
"Then, um, why aren'd they called cu'bca'ges tins, My'cobb?"
Sherlock looked towards the box and craned his neck. "Ummm...y'ittle piece?"
Greg hurried to follow Mycroft down the hall, bumping his nose into Mycroft's back when the man came to a sudden stop.
"No-no-no, you come stay with me, pet. Come here, come stand with Greg." Greg motioned with his head, and Sherlock slowly inched his way back and cowered behind him, trying to hunker himself down with his bottle and his bunny.
Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock kept large wet eyes trained on Mycroft.
Mycroft held sherlock's hands and helped him step into the tub and lower himself into the water. "Poor love," he said when he heard the slight hiss of breath as the warm water touched upon what had to be some very tender spots. "We'll be very, very careful with this bath, hm?"
The little doctor craned his neck to peek into the display case, unwilling to leave the comfort of Mycroft’s side. “Mint?”
They turned onto Baker Street, the stoop for 221B looking for all the world like a life raft. Sherlock sagged even further into Mycroft, barely lifting his feet.
"I ge'd mo' bi'ssit." Sherlock popped the last bite of his biscuit into his mouth and held out his hand for his last one.
"Yes you are." Greg folded a towel into quarters, placed it on the floor, and knelt down on it. "The cutest, sparkliest baby there ever was."
“Owie? Owie, Jawn?” Sherlock very gently touched Jawn’s face.
"Yes, we've seen this nearly twenty times."
"Nuh-uh."
"Yes, pet, I know. We're going to cover them up so you're less likely to bump them."
Sherlock made a disgusted face and winced; "Choc'ate be'dder."
"We won't," Greg said matter-of-factly, arm cradling Sherlock against his chest as he patted his hip. "Cause guess what we're going to do?" He was smiling and talking to the baby now, having already dismissed John. "We're going to change you into a nappy and pack a bag, and then you're going to stay with your brother'n me for a few days, how about that?"
"Yes ,well...a reminder never hurt anyone," Mycroft smirked, leaving Greg to rub his bum.
"Pou'," he garbled around his thumb, eyes on his monkey slippers.
Sherlock snuffled sadly and felt his eyes well back up with tears. “But…But, you said punishment is over?”
Molly sat on the floor next to Mycroft's chair, fiddling with her hair and eyeing more of Sherlock's rings. "Do you have make-ups, too?"
Jawn squinted at him in disbelief.
"Ye'th. They are gunna y'ub id!" Sherlock swung his purse up onto his shoulder, grunting under the weight.
John hummed, "That's all I ask." John kissed his temple and then worked to untangle himself from long limbs.  Finally managing to free himself, he patted Sherlock’s padded bum. "I should be home before bedtime."
“Were you comfy? I bet we can find a more comfortable spot to rest.”
“No whinging now. Into bed.” Sherlock slips under the covers, pouting so hard it surely must hurt. John sits beside him, placing a warm hand in the center of his chest. “What are our bedtime rules Pet?”
"Oh. That sounds bloody awful.” John grumbled, pulling a face. “Do they still have laws on book about deviants?"
"Yes, his own."
"You're bein' real cute tonight. Almost makes me think I don't need the cupcakes and extra sugar."
Sherlock beamed and clapped along with them, then grew quiet. "...C'n we turn'a y'ights on now?"
“Yes, you will.” Sherlock smooched Jawn’s cheek.
"Ca'tail rings!" Sherlock waggled his fingers at Molly.
Greg looked as if he didn't agree; "...Why would he let John do that to him?"
"Where are they?"
John's voice again, sounding even more unsure than he previously had. “Are you?...Alright, I mean?”
"Nuthin'," Greg flipped on the kettle and went to find cups and milk.
"Next time. We're too far into the recipe to change it."
Jawn rubbed his wet face against Greg's shoulder, still mumbling.
"I'm sorry, did you forget the other three boxes we have?"
“Yea. Ca’ge?”
"We may have to dig in the pantry for your applesauce. Can it be room temperature?"
Sherlock picked up a roll and crunched down on the end while he looked over his shoulder for Greg, still sniffling as he chewed sadly.
Despite a heavy dose of pain medication, Sherlock groaned as Mycroft helped pull him to his feet. "Owwww'sh."
"Hold his legs up for me, dearest."
"Shhhhhh," Greg reminded him with a finger to his lips. "That's wonderful, muffin, I'm glad he likes it."
“I only know a few. I keep trying to learn more a'cause it helps Sherlock sleep."
“Oh hush, you…Mummy used to have to hide any mints she had in the house, or you’d sit and eat the whole tin in one go," Mycroft said, rubbing Jawn’s back and kissing the top of his head before ruffling his hair. “BUT, before we go, I need a promise from the both of you.”
"If he wakes up again, we'll give him a snack and another dose. But if we're all going to fall asleep, it needs to be in the bed."
"I'm p'inish a'ready!" Sherlock flipped the lid on his styrofoam container, closing up his noodles.
"ShhhHHHH!...you don't want ole' Greg getting in trouble, do y'ah?!"
"I f'ink I ge'da ea'd you cu'bca'ges!"
"Couldn' s'eep anymore."
"No."
Mycroft raised his eyebrow. "Were you expecting to get an early start on..."
Jawn was instantly sat in a wheelchair and rushed away, Greg hot on their heels. Sherlock went to follow, but Mycroft caught his waist. "No, you're staying with me, little boy." Sherlock watched Greg and Jawn disappear behind a set of double doors, but he let Mycroft take his hand and lead him to the adjacent waiting room, where they sat in a semi-secluded corner.
Before John could stop him, Sherlock was opening the carton and pulling out a cupcake. "I love the muppets! And I love cupcakes!"
"Hm?" Mycroft hummed as he spread icing on his third cupcake.
"Do you need help, dearest?" Mycroft asked in a sickly sweet tone.
Jawn crossed his arms huffily as Sherlock hooted, as Mycroft handed him the red duck. “Take your time, make sure your aim is spot on,” the elder brother said, and, while Sherlock was preoccupied, took up the cup and filled it with water from the bath, and proceeded to wet down Jawn’s hair. Hopefully the game lasted long enough to get them bathed.
"S'are," Sherlock slurred around the thumb in his mouth.
“I bet you’re not going to tell me any of your hiding places, are you?” he asked softly, tilting his head to peek down at his brother, who looked back up at him with a tear-covered, ruddy face. “No, I thought not.” Mycroft tapped the tip of his nose and kissed his forehead.
There was something in the way that his older brother had said ‘please’ that made Sherlock look away from him, down to where he still held his arm in a firm, but not painful grip. Then he glanced over at Jawn who, while having almost completely calmed down, was still ruddy-cheeked and raspy-voiced.
Mycroft rolled up his sleeves and slipped on a pair of gloves while the baby watched, enthralled, and he had a sudden flash of memory back to the days where both Holmes children would sit and watch Mummy in the garden; when it became his job to make sure a small, barely-toddling Sherlock didn't pluck all of the just-planted flowers.
Mycroft waited until Greg was firmly on the landing and well clear of the steps before smacking him. "Cheeky bastard!"
“Not so bad, yea?” John said cheerfully.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at his brother. "Am dry. You soppy," he said, then squealed and scurried back to the table when Mycroft pulled his arm back and made as if he were going to swat him again. "Brat."
Sherlock's brow furrowed. "What would Grayson--"
“Can I come???”
"I can't move in this thing."
"I y'ove ba'ffs!" Sherlock hopped up, and a scattering of grass fell from his bits and landed on the floor.
Sherlock sorted through his shells, carefully selecting them and placing them on the glittery sand.
“That sounds frustrating, but does not change the fact that I told you to find another dummy to replace this one.” Mycroft gently squeezed Jawn’s wrist. “You aren’t doing this for Sherlock. You are doing it for me.”
"Faeries ge'd tired?"
"Sher'yock! Wal'g down the catwal'g!" Molly giggled.
“Say it like you mean it!” Jawn sneered.
“Im'ma better dancer than Jawn.”
"Let's clean up you're noodles first," Greg wiped as much of the mess off the table and into Sherlock's bowl as he could.
“Jawn?” The little detective shot long glances at the door.
"Cu'bca'ge."
"I do'nah'd ha'b sk'eesh pan's."
"My'coff a goose!"
"I y'am!" Sherlock turned at the end of the hallway and sat up on his knees. "I y'ook goo'?"
"I can see that."
"Mmmhmm. Let's worry about making them first. I'll measure if you pour into the mixer."
"Mostly your fault."
Greg pulled both tapes and fastened each one of them snugly. "Uh-huh," he said, patting Sherlock's newly-covered crotch.
"An' they ha'b y'ots of sis'ers. An' they y'ive in plan's in the pon' too."
"B'ani'yya?"
“No!” Jawn stomped his foot for emphasis. “G'een is mines! Gimme it!” Jawn made to grab the crayon but found himself being pulled back and plopped on his bottom.
"Oh, my God."
"The clear ones?"
"We c'n use y'ibbons n' bee'ds n' th'eashell'th?"
"One more, you're doing a brilliant job," Mycroft coo'ed.
“I don’t like them. Why do we need them?”
"Cause he's a mean ole sod; ain't that right, muffin." Greg said, talking to the sleeping infant.
Greg carefully tried to pull the yellow opera glove back off Sherlock's hand, mindful of the many prongs on the rings. "Yea', course not. That would have been easy."
"Aw, I'm sorry muffin, I'm not trying to make it hurt." Greg finished with one last squeal from an irritated infant. "There, all done."
"Ohhh, no....Mycroft does not sing," Mycroft stated.
"I know you did, too. I was there." Greg dried Sherlock's hands and gave the baby a kiss on his cheek, then lifted him onto his hip.
"Something attacked Mycroft's bum!" Greg put his hands on his cheeks in mock surprise.
"My'cob say'd I'm sh'arming."
"Shhhh, yes, you did a wonderful job...go brush your teeth now," Mycroft batted his padded bottom out of the room and towards the bathroom.
"He was squirmin' like one."
Then, the door to the bathroom popped open. As did the blue/green/turquoise eyes. And the brown ones.
"To a small mind like yours perhaps..."
"B'ue."
"Once he's eaten dessert, he'll be out like a light. We'll just wipe him down really well."
“Path’ta?” Sherlock spoke up, holding a rubbery-knee’d Jawn under the arms like a ragdoll. “P’ease?” he added.
"I y'ub this par'd!"
"Watch that sass!"
"Maw'yee me'zzy too," Sherlock gave a scrunchy grin when Molly blushed and hid behind her napkin again.
"Yeah...doubt it."
"The blue ones are the sour ones, yea?"
"Y'ah. A'w d'un. Wha'd craf's, My'cobb?"
Sherlock wiggled out of Greg's arms and toddled out of the room.
Sherlock scrambled to do as he was told, eyes still watery over the near miss.
“P’ease,” Jawn parroted, laying down and spooning behind his baby.
"Ohhhh! I y'ike it." Jawn took the cup and drank greedily; "a'lishious!!!"
Sherlock pouted; "Why can'd I hel'b, G'eg?"
"Mi'gs'er." Sherlock turned on the mixer, sending up a faint cloud of powdered sugar as the blade began to turn; "I di' i'd!"
"Blister John's arse later?"
"I'd made of p'ish?"
Sherlock frowned down at his hand. "Nuh-uh."
“That seems terribly unlikely.” Mycroft pulled the little boy into a one armed embrace as they walked the short distance down the hallway. Mycroft nudged Sherlock forward and he tentatively knocked on the door.
"I th'py sum'fin y'avender," Sherlock put his finger in his mouth, the telescope had been forgotten and resting against Greg's side.
An hour and a half later (which felt a little bit on the shorter side of an hour and a half), Mycroft found himself being awoken by several small, light touches on his face. He cracked an eye open and was met with a long finger touching the tip of his nose; "…You’re not awake yet.”
“Can I have it in a cup instead?!”
Sherlock started to worry his bottom lip with his teeth; “…Trouble, My?” he asked, reaching back to clasp his hands over his backside instinctively.
Greg let down the side of the crib and half crawled in to wrap the baby in a hug. "It's okay that it's not Myc?"
But that still didn't prevent him from seeing Greg reach over and put a hand on his brother's shoulder, while Mycroft fought to retain control over the expression on his face. "C'mon, Sherlock..." Greg said, his voice flat.
“My’coff be’time?”
Sherlock relaxed under the familiar ministrations, going boneless against the mattress. He was still for a few moments, soaking up the affection before huffing at himself in frustration.
"Be very careful," Mycroft reminded him, and wrapped his arm back around Sherlock, cuddling him in his lap. He tipped his chin down to look at his little brother, who had closed his eyes and was resting his head on Mycrofts' shoulder, cup spout still held loosely in his mouth. "Don't you dribble on me," Mycroft quietly teased, and kissed Sherlock on the forehead. "I'm never getting the smell of powder out of this suit as it is; spit-up will be remarkably harder to explain."
"Alright, alright, enough of this business, give me back my child," Sherlock said, and Jawn ended up changing hands for the third time. "He's found, he's safe, and he is indeed very hot." He gave Jawn a bounce on his hip; "And, in need of a change, so, if you'll--"
Mycroft put his hands on his hips and looked down at them; “You both know why you were put into time-out, so I’m not going to rehash that or why you shouldn’t ever do that again. I want you both to hug and apologize, then go sit with your blankets.”
"You may touch Daddy."
"Of course."
"I know."
“I’m not crying! You’re mean!” Sherlock shouted, working himself into hysterics. “I’m very big and I can do things by my own self!”
"Y'ah."
Sherlock had hunkered down and was examining his creation; "Faeries will y'ub our houses?"
"That's
"Why nah wif me?" Jawn's lip wobbled.
"I want you to find your brother when we go downstairs, and tell him you're sorry." Greg dowsed the little bugger with a generous amount of powder.
Greg peeled the foil back off of another container of applesauce and placed it within Sherlock's reach. "I thought he'd be putting up a lot more f-u-s-s because of the s-u-n-b-u-r-n."
"How?!" Mycroft asked again and the pain in his voice evident, and hurt Greg so very, very much to hear. And to see. "How am I supposed to take care of him when he. won't. stay?! When he won't
"Gregory."
"Y'ah. Hur'ds."
Sherlock had wiggled his way fully onto Mycroft’s lap and now had his brother’s face cupped in his hands. "My?”
"Much bigger than seven."
Sherlock attempts a pathetic thrust into John's palm, but to no avail as John pulls away quickly. John’s hand then slides up between his pink cheeks, brushing over the tight pucker. "This is mine too... how dare you think you could put your fingers into it!"
"Mycroft, please. I can send a car for you, and-"
Greg gave him a very unsympathetic look.
“Yes, yes. I know.” Mycroft pulled the pajamas up and over his bum and gave it a pat. “Would you like to pick a book for Sherlock?”
"Even if we put you in your other bee jams?" Greg wrapped Sherlock in the huge fluffy towel and used another to pat his hair.
Greg grinned like an idiot. "Good, yeah?"
"It was your bedtime story," Greg pecked Mycroft on the cheek and then followed the baby.
"No. I only have golden skin. God had to be fair."
"...What."
"Sweetheart...you just put glitter on
The thought was interrupted with worried little whimper at the back of Jawn’s throat–Mycroft was using his bunched up trousers to lift his bum up, and it wasn’t amusing to the little doctor, not in the slightest. Sherlock reached out absent-mindedly as he watched, fascinated, and began to pet Jawn’s hair.
"I'm b'ery f'irsty."
"So your regular starfish routine, then."
“Once more. Why are we doing this?”
Jawn squeaked and hid his face again, and Mycroft heard a muffled “Th’or’ree,” from the pillow.
"'Bunnies aren't always the best teammates,' Sally noted.
Mycroft was quiet for a moment, then, "...What would you have done?"
"Blueberries with a side of toast. Coming right up." Greg handed the baby his cup and went to the fridge.
"And then cu'bca'ges?!"
"Jesus, fuck....what are we supposed to be doing about that?!"
"Awww, I see. You want to be in charge of changing Mycroft's nappy then?"
Jawn scowled at him, then slammed the remote down into Mycroft’s waiting hand before crossing his arms and flopping back against the couch with a disgusted groan.
The moment was interrupted by a bright blue rubber duck wearing an eye-patch and red-striped bandana hit the water between them with a SPLAT!, sending water into their eyes. Sherlock bleated and furiously wiped it away…he hated getting water in his face. “My’coff, no!”
Mycroft sighed…Sherlock’s weight was becoming a strain now that they weren’t moving. He hitched him up to get a better grip and to switch shoulders, and looked down at Jawn; “Once we get inside, we’ll find a whole hoard of dummies to trade for yours back, but we can’t do anything about it until we get up there. Door, please?”
"We'll be having Greg potatoes for dinner. Would you like him smashed with butter or fried up as chips?"
“Make sure those go in the hamper, Sherlock Holmes,” Mycroft tutted over his shoulder as he made his way into the kitchen, ignoring the indignant huff of a grumpy little boy. He rounded the corner into the kitchen to find Jawn standing on his tip toes on a chair that he had pushed up against the refrigerator.
"Yes, silly boy! Get into your booster and we'll sing and blow out candles."
The little detective jumped and landed on his knees, bouncing heavily on the mattress, and tossed the dummy at Jawn, hitting him square in the nose. Sherlock started laughing maniacally.
Jawn lifted his hand and started to suck his fingers. “Ummm,” he hummed, “…y’abbits eated?”
“Yes, and then you gave the umbrella to Sherlock.”
Greg caught his wrist before he could rub over those stitches. "I know, but it needs it, muffin," he said, and kissed Sherlock's fingers.
"A'ways hung'y fa' bis'sits," Sherlock snuffled, taking a bite of his treat. "My fab'rite, a'sides choc'it."
“Bu’ I win!” Jawn declared, with a loud, resounding “NUH-UH!” from Sherlock.
"Yes, we're still going to make frosting together, muffin." Greg put a hand on the baby's chest and made him lean back. "You're not getting left out, I swear."
It didn’t.
Sherlock turned to Mycroft to ask him what kinds of worms he thought were the best and was surprised to see all the colour drained from his face….then he started giggling. “NO, My!...they’s candy!” he hooted.
"Gregory would love this place," Mycroft kissed the baby's forehead.
"Fun."
"P'bu'dder?" Sherlock offered Greg a sticky finger with a small patch of peanut butter left on it.
"Wait until you feel it on your bare bottom."
”Because…” Mycroft mentally sprinted to find a reason that didn’t include ‘because people would stare, and if you’re that worried about your nappy showing, why would you want your dummy?’…now was not the time to be so biting. “If you had your dummy in your mouth, how would you be able to eat your ice cream?”
"I'd prefer you wait to do that until we're done. We need to save some frosting for our cake."
"Maw'yee d'un wan'd ki'ddy bow'?"
"...Are you
"I can tell. What else did you do, besides plant a garden in your nappy?"
Greg filled the watering can and brought it back. Sherlock had gone limp and weepy in Mycroft's lap.
Sherlock pouted and whinged in the back of his throat, but he opened his mouth and waited, his eyes squinched shut.
"And yet I'm in bed before the moon comes out."
Mycroft chuckled into his pillow. " 'I want hold the baby, let me hold the baby.' Enjoying yourself?"
"N'nnnnn." Sherlock groaned, covering his face with his bunny.
There was a long silence that fell between the three men, all sharing the same sentiment, but none wanting to give voice to it.
"Well, he didn't want to wear anything because his shoulders ache."
"Cause Daddy says so." John grumbles; swatting at the duvet covered bottom. "Go to sleep, prat."
Daddy had said to be in bed. But he hadn’t said which bed. John had toted Sherlock’s expensive bed set upstairs to replace his own; so Sherlock would just go upstairs and go to his own bed. Simple. And if he was a good boy and stayed in bed from now on, he would never have to sleep in the crib.
"Easy Peasy Lemon Squeeze Me."
Molly goggled at him for a moment before giving a timid nod, opening her mouth like a baby bird waiting for a bite.
"Pants. You are putting on pants." Sherlock dumped the bag of clothes on the changing table and started to undress.
“Positive, dearest.”
“YEAH MYC! COME FIN’E JAWN! HE’S B'ERY GOO’ A'D HIDING.”
“But I’m not tired!”
"See, I knew that would do it," Greg said, his voice a little brighter than before.
3. Basically, just leave comments. We are like robots and that is the fuel to our batteries.
"I love you because you are terrible at bargaining." Mycroft kissed the side of Sherlock's head and stood up. "Come on Jawn, it's time to get cleaned up and lie down in your comfy bed."
He needed his meds. He already knew where Mycroft kept them.
Greg sighed; "Its not important. I'm not mad at Mycroft or my muffin and that's the only people I'm worried about right now."
But, just as he was on his way out the door, he stopped. Then, he turned back.
"I s'ill n'ah y'ike i'd," Sherlock grumbled.
"I...I dunno, sweetheart," Greg said, feigning a short laugh. "He's a good hider!"
Surprised by the kiss, Sherlock jerked his head back, startled, and blinked at his brother owlishly before he started giggling. “Noooo, My! I see tee’fs!” He gently butted his forehead against Mycroft’s shoulder and rubbed his face from side to side, chanting “Tee’f tee’f tee’f, I see tee’f!”
Greg chuckled; "Am not."
“Didn’?” Sherlock asked, putting a finger in his mouth and peering down at duck.
"I shouldn't have said it, either. Let's get back to that party in your tummy." Greg held a spoonful of soup up to Sherlock's mouth and was pleased to see him open up without much more coaxing. "Good boy! That feels a lot better, doesn't it!?"
"I wa'sh ho'd," Jawn whinged, and went to lay on Greg's shoulder.
John pours a generous amount of lube into his palm and works it around his fingers, warming it up. He slides his dry hand up Sherlock's thigh, watching the muscles quiver, before he reaches between the detectives thighs and places a well-greased digit against Sherlock's opening. With a bit of pressure, he loses himself to the first knuckle.
Jawn folded his arms and pouted behind them, intending to do no such thing.
Greg shook his head, guiding one long leg into the romper; "Never mind. You have your narwhal socks."
“Can you fetch the salad from the fridge?” Mycroft smiled into the pot as the little doctor moved to obey. While he dearly loved their boisterousness, he definitely could get used to this.
"Yes, a red string."
“Loki,” Jawn peeped from beneath his blanket barricade.
Sherlock cried himself out. "I j-jus' dun' w-w-wan' go s'eep," he sniffled, wiping his face on Greg's shoulder and then moaning in pain.
"F'ank'oo! P'ish wan' noo'le?"
They lay in comfortable silence for a moment before Sherlock asks, "So...why are you allowed to bite me and I can't bite you?" The detective chuckles and John could feel the smile against his shoulder grow even wider.
"We'll see how long a certain person's energy lasts first."
“Maybe they can make worm sundaes.”
"I'sh gunna be soggy," Sherlock pouted, fetching a sippy cup out of the cabinet.
"Tha'ds no'd poss'ble!!!! A'mon!!!"
“P'nochio?” Sherlock asked, and then lifted his arms, the rest of him going boneless against the sofa. “Up, up!”
"No, Sherlock, it's okay sweetheart." Greg looped his arm with Sherlock's. "We'll take pictures of you in your pretty dress later."
Mycroft slowly rocked them back and forth, and continued the story. "But, try as they might, they simply couldn't find another flower that the fairy liked as much as her old home. 'No, no...this just won't do,' the fairy said, and sat down on Billy's palm with a sad sigh."
He was trying to be patient. It had been a trying afternoon: Sherlock hadn't slept, as usual...he'd only dozed, and one of those rare, midday nightmares had put a stop to that in a hurry.
"He'll be fine. Here, help me lift him up."
Sherlock nodded, arms still outstretched, cradling his fish.
"Don' rub," Sherlock added, and let Mycroft move his hand away.
Greg quickly loaded the tea tray with tea and biscuits. If they were lucky they'd be back upstairs before....
bad. His nose and mouth hur'd too much. "I can'd ea'd, G'eg."
“You’re going to make the Tooth Fairy question her job security,” Mycroft said, then (once it was clear that Sherlock was only getting louder, and had energy yet to keep going) added a loud “FINE, yes, here they are!”, and bared most of his teeth in a wide, wolfish grin. “See?”
"C'year to a bo'ddom," Sherlock nodded and started to push rhinestones under the water. "Treasures for the faeries."
“Y’ook, Jawn! My’coff cake!”
"F'ank'oo!" Sherlock babbled, and settled in at Greg's side.
"Rude to make you wear clothes?"
"Me?" Sherlock peeped, two fingers dug into the peanut butter.
"I'll take it out if you can remind me."
Sherlock huffs as he pulls the duvet up to his chin and rolls onto his side. John leaves the room with a smile. Oh, the things the boy comes up with.
"Alright. But very carefully-"
"...I pi'g 'em u'b?"
“I doooooo. Bu’d dis ish abou’ Jawn.”
Mycroft held up a hand to shush his boyfriend, while he watched his little brother for a reaction; "...Sherlock?"
"It has to be Sherlock's decision. If we press he'll cut us off before he cuts of John."
“Yes.”
“Halp!!! Halp me!!!” Jawn shrieked, losing his coordination as he panicked, unable to get out of the tub.
" 'm not grumpy," Greg grumbled as he sat up, his hair mussed and sticking up in places courtesy of Mycroft's attention. "What about his medication?"
Sherlock looked back at him, puzzled. "Y'his way?"
"What would I have to do to bribe you to give him his p-i-l-l-s?"
Sherlock cracked his eye open. "S'ah'yee," he said, with a twinkle in his eye.
“Yes, the milk has likely soured while we napped. Be a good lad and put them in the sink.” Mycroft started towards the cabinets, with every intention of filling two more cups, when he stopped. "Wait...you said you drank yours?"
"I pi'g no c'yothes."
Jawn reached down to flick the lettuce away; “…Y’abbit spit up,” he said sheepishly, when he saw Mycroft watching.
"I love you too, darling. Gregory?"
"Gregory darling, I'm very busy-"
Mycroft turned eyes onto his baby brother who was standing in front of the sink, eyes closed, dummy barely moving. He gently nudged him forward and used his own hands to lather the soap for Sherlock. “It works better if you don’t allow it to air dry.”
Greg reached out blindly and patted Jawn’s head; “Go play.”
After a few moments John leans back up and pulls out slowly. Sitting back on his haunches he guides Sherlock's legs down into a more comfortable position while he tries to slow his racing heartbeat.
"I'll go first then," John announced boldly, tapping the pen on the paper for emphasis. "Sherlock should always respect Daddy and others. He should not be rude or disrespectful."
“Bye Mycroft.” Sherlock bites out, handing the phone to John before he can hear the reply.
"No, sweetheart...Jawn needs to sleep. Did you turn on the baby monitor?" Greg asked Mycroft, who had started to undress.
“No.” Mycroft caught his arm and tugged him away from the cupboard full of glassware.
Mycroft hummed.
"Should we..." Greg looked down at the sleeping bundle in his arms. "Should we, I dunno, 'allow' that?"
"C'ak, c'ak, c'ak."
"Wha'd if i was very careful wi'f em?" Molly asked Mycroft, setting her chin on his knee and looking up at him hopefully.
"There have been far too many saccharine moments this morning," Mycroft said, mostly to himself. “Sherlock, go get your shoes. I’d like to leave before another outbreak of histrionics occurs.” He guided Jawn to sit on the fifth step up and took his foot in hand, stripping it of the wrong shoe and deftly replacing it.
“I wan’ choc’ate ice cream, choc’ate sprinkles, choc’ate syrup, whip creme, cherries…”
“Read the book and find out.”
Jawn crossed his arms and glowered at him…which might have been more effective without the powder-blue dummy tucked in his mouth.
Sherlock fussed, wriggling against Greg.
Sherlock lowered his toy and fiddled with it. "In'a c'yose'd."
Sherlock started to answer; "I...I mean--" He couldn't finish his thought.
There was one spot in particular that must not have felt very well, even while he was asleep...every time Mycroft's hand went over it, Sherlock's face would frown up until the hand moved.
Greg sat up and looked around. "Jawn...?"
Mycroft took one of the flannels without a word, his only a reply a perfectly arched eyebrow.
Jawn tipped his head away from the fork; “Nex’ time? You y’ike p’yay wi’f us?”
"I wan' do dir'd, My'cobb. I do i'd!" Sherlock wiggled between his brother and the bag of potting soil he'd been about to shovel into the pot.
"I y'ike alla cartoons! Pe'bba Pig is goo'. And Thomas Train!"
"Oh, God."
“It’s a competition you are both going to lose,” Mycroft said with a soft smile, gently nudging Jawn. “He was correct, though...you are very brave.”
By the time Mycroft got back to the bit about Sally scolding the pair for ruining her house, Gregory was asleep on his shoulder.
"You don't want to sit in the rocking chair and read a story with me?"
"Da'yee say'd he y'ike y'isten a me talk bout anythin'."
Beside them, Sherlock snuffled and pulled the blankets up around his neck, and Jawn turned to look. "Sher'yock?"
“What else?”
Greg fought the urge to sneer, and decided to ignore that part. "Don't put that in your mouth, muffin. Do you know where your brother puts them?"
"Glass? What're you talkin' about?"
Sherlock growls and he raises his head so he can sink his teeth into John's collarbone. It’s John's turn to cry out, and he instinctively thrusts his hips forward.  Sherlock pulls back and licks the bruising skin lovingly.
“Precisely. Now hold tight.”
"I dun' f'ink he y'ike me n'e'mo." Sherlock sighed, wet and exhausted against Greg's chest. He'd used up all of his feelings today.
ouchy," Greg said as he put the small tube aside and sat up, taking Sherlock's face in his hand and turning it to get a better look at his stitches. "It's gonna make the ouchy go away."
"Oh, yeah, that's true." Greg helped Sherlock up from the floor. "I asked him to bring them to me."
"Poor love. Let's get you a snack and some juice while Myc finishes his nap, yeah? Then we can all go outside."
Mycroft sighed. "Molly."
Mycrofts' stare turned hard. "And I'm supposed to just believe you?"
He'd been waiting for this chance for days...he could remember, just the other night, crying for John while his brother held and rocked him, wishing that it was...that it was Daddy, holding him and rocking him and comforting him, wishing that he could just hear Johns' voice, wishing that John was there so he could hug him and cry and yell and scream at him and maybe hit him, too, and...
"Investigating my pants drawer-"
Sherlock poked his head up as the door shut. "My'coff?" he peeped, alarmed to find himself completely alone. "My'coff had'da potty. We wai' f'ah G'eg," Sherlock told his bunny...even as he was scooting himself off of the bed.
Mycroft quickly reminded himself that this meant he was going to have to change yet another nappy, as well as another set of clothes. He began to roll up his sleeve; “I told you to put the sippy cups in the sink…is this the sink, Sherlock?”
"Yeah, silly me," Greg said, managing to sound convincingly cheerful as he gave his eyes another quick swipe, and then looked underneath the cabinet for the bubbles. "We haven't used the grape ones in a long time; how about those?"
Mycroft paused in the doorway of the ensuite; "That means staying on the bed until Gregory comes into the room."
"And I don't want you stepping on rocks and thorns, if we're going to walk through the greenhouse."
“He’s the bossy one,” Jawn groused, glaring at the television.
“The word you say’ed.”
Jawn eyed the umbrella and sucked on the dummy as he weighed his options, then finally spat it into his hand and held it out. “‘Kay, trade.”
Sherlock giggled; "Do no'd ki'g G'eg o'ber," he repeated, and pushed his foot into his wellie. "I y'ike a'bee."
"Turn out your light and lay down. I'll help you." Greg opened his mouth to protest, but Mycroft just rolled his eyes. "Lie down, Gregory."
"My'coff," Jawn whispered, not lifting his head from Greg's shoulder.
Greg grinned at them. "Well, that settles that."
An hour later, when Mycroft awoke and finally deemed it time to get out of bed and make his way downstairs, he found both his boyfriend and his baby brother in an admittedly-comfortable looking pile of pillows and blankets, snoozing away.
"....Na-na?"
"Stop that." Mrs. Hudson scolded, taking the salt shaker from him and gently smacking the back of his hand. "Get the toast, dear. Carefully. It's going to be hot."
"I don' y'ike c'ib. I s'eep wi'f G'eg an' My'coff."
John startled. “Sherlock. The crib is not a punishment.”
"Ba'ffroom for baffs on'y."
"Stain," Sherlock repeated, clapping his hands excitedly as Mycroft pulled each of the little bottles out of the box and sat them in front of their respective cups, saying each color out loud. "Yellow."
Greg's eyebrows went up. "Oh," he said, trying to sound nonchalant and not at all like he was actually gagging to know. "From...?"
Greg petted Sherlock's hair; "Small blessings."
"I will be especially careful."
"Two sheep."
Jawn’s giggles ended abruptly as his cheeks blushed. “That’s probably me, actually.”
"W-wha'd?!?" Sherlock asked, choking and sputtering at the cloud that had engulfed him.
“Bed is back that direction, Sherlock.” John said, pointing a thumb at the nursery, “And I suggest you go.”
Mycroft stood in front of him with a squirmy, sparkling tyke in his arms, and was trying desperately to keep him from rubbing his face. Greg could barely hear him over the fussing; "No...no-no, let big brother do it---Sherlock,
"Bu'd y'oo say'ed i'd?" Sherlock asked.
"Good, cause this is a toughie."
"Y'ah."
"I don't know if we can fit an ocean in the backyard, but a faerie garden definitely needs a water feature," Greg agreed, gentling the pop of the toaster.
That explained the headache.
"Go find the matching glove then, muffin. It should still be in the trunk." Greg swatted playfully at Sherlock's bottom as he crawled over to the trunk, the dress making a loud *WHUFF* sound underneath his hand.
"Oi," Greg said, with feigned indignation. Couldn't get truly mad a happy little face like that. "I said com'ere!"
"Well, I'm being scolded like one of the boys."
The little detective stared up at him, eyes wide with wonder, hysterics forgotten. “Where?”
Sherlock held the wet nap between two fingers, tears welling in his eyes.
John stripped off his jumper and put it in the crib, draped over the pillow.
"Sad about all this, but it's gunna be nice to have the time together."
"G'EEN!"
"Oh, Sherlock," Mycroft sighed, then went ahead and popped the tapes on Sherlock's nappy.
"Shhhh..." Greg rached and found Sherlock's dummy-holding hand, then took it and made him put it back in his own mouth. "It's time for night-night."
“You have exactly three seconds to change your attitude before an early nap is the least of your worries," Mycroft growled.
"Sometimes. He likes bubbles too."
"Of course. Use the trowel and dig in here," Mycroft put his hand over Sherlock's again and helped him 'care'bully' dig out the flower.
"Does that feel okay?"
Sherlock made distressed sounds behind his dummy before selecting a pink dummy covered in geometric shapes.
"No. I hel'bed." Sherlock took off the lid to show off an array of 'borrowed' treasures. "Here can'les!"
Sherlock stopped squirming long enough to peer up at Greg, and gave him a small smile; "Kun' fu s'ceam."
“You don’t? Hm, there are an awful lot of cute, very comfortable-looking ones in here…and it would make it easier for me to see when you need a change.” Mycroft turned back to the bed, where Sherlock was laying on his back, playing with one of his feet. “What if Jawn gets to pick his own clothes out…would you like it better then?”
“Are vegetarian,” Mycroft added dryly as he popped Sherlock’s dummy into his mouth and put a comforting arm around his shoulders to shield him from as many prying eyes as he could. “So we have nothing to worry about.”
“No, he cannot. He cannot pick my whi’thle!”
John leans in and nips at a prominent cheekbone before reaching between them and tugging at Sherlock's cock, twisting his wrist and running his thumb over the tip. "Cum for Daddy, little boy."
Mycroft, having the advantage of stork-like legs, caught the little doctor by the arm before he turned the corner on the second landing.
"'Nother cu'beca'ge, 'nother p'esent, p'ease."
, don't rub!"
"Tha'ds no'd how you p'yay a game, G'eg."
"Pizza?" Greg asked.
Greg held on, yet the very last thing he wanted to do was hurt Sherlock's ribcage...all it would take is one awkward twist while he tried to hang on. "Shhh-sh-sh, you're gonna stay with Greg, sweetheart. Look, do you want to see if they have the mermaid on Netflix?"
"This sounds like you're just making more dishes for me to wash later," Greg said.
“This one is nicer than tha’d one.”
"Mer'mai?"
"Only a little bit, okay?"
“Foun’it!” Sherlock sat up on his knees, dummy held aloft victoriously.
"Gregory."
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. "Ten to one, they both choose spending time with you."
"An' g'een."
“Yes, we did...I’m glad you shared this with me.”
Sherlock made a pitiful sound halfway between a hum and a whimper and cast a worried glance at Mycroft.
Sherlock grunted as Mycroft helped him to his feet and undid his trousers. Now that the bruises on his ribs were no longer a surprise, Mycroft took note of the iodine stains where his brother's IV's had been. "Did you take a bath after you can home from hospital?"
"Yep. We are g'unna become official couch potatoes. Mycroft is going to be very pleased with us."
Mycroft sighed; "Maybe I can write it down for you to read, instead."
Sherlock shook his mop full of curls before he leaned into John's hand.
"Muffin..."
"I told you how you could help, sweetheart," Greg said gently.
"Aw! No. If Greg can't find the batteries we'll just have to play the old fashioned way, with our imaginations."
Molly visibly relaxed.
"Sherlock."
Greg snorted; "A nap after polishing off a whole box of popsicles between the two'a you, right...and I'm the Queen."
"Aw, that's not very nice."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but got up and returned to the kitchen. “A headache?” he asked as he retrieved another ceramic mug from the cabinet.
"Nu-uh!"
Sherlock's nose scrunched up as he tried to make a face around his thumb. "Nnnnnnnn," he whinged.
"Still think everyone should wear clothes in the kitchen?" Greg asked, amused.
"Awwwww..."
"Maybe you and Sherlock can sleep down here and I'll sleep crosswise on our bed."
But John ignored him, didn’t even look at him. He would not stand by and watch the Beta get harassed like that. Even if Scott didn’t appreciate his interference.
“You mean like that?” he said, and Sherlock felt a small surge of panic rising within him when he felt his back collide with the wall behind him in a vain attempt to avoid the other man. He made a small movement towards his right and at once Jack raised his arm to block his escape route, the other one as well as Sherlock drifted to the left. He was truly cornered.
“Yes. Omegas don’t have many rights, “she said sadly. “Even when we become adults, our parents are the ones who decide about everything: bank account, car, flat, insurance - everything was in their name. Only when Omegas bond with an Alpha do the rights get transferred to their mates.”
“Right, “he said and moved forward.
John hid a grin in his sleeve as Sherlock’s eyes widened, a look of utter indignation and betrayal on his face. Even Myroft’s eyes twinkled mischievously, as the man’s lips pressed together. Luckily for him, that particular detail seemed to have evaded Sherlock’s usually so attentive eyes.
He fumed a little longer as he paced back and forth, and all Greg could do was watch him helplessly.
“Of course, “Mycroft said, as he picked up his umbrella from where it leaned next to the door, “you do know that I did this for him, yes? He deserves justice even if he doesn’t see it at the moment. I think you agree with me that this is the right path for him?”
“I want to, “she answered heatedly, looking up at him again. “It’s just...so hard to remember this. Sometimes I just want to forget this ever happened, but then I want to hit myself for my selfishness. She suffered so much, how could I forget this and shame her like that?”
He must have looked a little surprised because she smiled and leaned a little closer. “Because I’m an Omega, you know?”
Just to surprise him, just this once, John smirked at him, and Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly in surprise. However, he quickly recovered and smiled back.
He shook his head, again annoyed with himself.
“This is ridiculous. I just wanted to help, you know.”
He had brought down countless criminals this way, had solved hundreds of cases, his brilliant mind relying on theories that he couldn’t be sure of a hundred percent. But he had almost always been proven right and he had never hesitated to act even if he never had that hundred percent.
He gave up and resumed his staring at the wall.
Then they smiled shyly and looked away again.
“Hmm ….”
John returned his friend’s gaze skeptically. He sensed that Sherlock was trying to hide his vulnerability, he knew that Sherlock could not be alright, but he also didn’t want to press the matter anymore. Sherlock was a very special person and he was John’s friend. He was not like other people, he needed his space more than anyone, John knew that. He would not force him to talk about this if he didn’t want to.
Greg sighed again. “Look, this isn’t easy for me, too, you know? He’s my friend, too.”
John’s lips pressed into a worried, thin line. “It’s five o’clock in the afternoon. You’ve been out most of the night and this day, almost 24 hours since the fever started.”
He forced himself not to steal some glances at Sherlock’s direction and focus on the television screen instead. He just hoped the doctors would be here soon, he knew his friend wouldn’t cope well with being made to wait. Being forced to endure uselessness as well as boredom – that was almost completely unbearable, as the walls in their flat could very well attest to.
Scott’s face fell. He stared at John, looking completely dumbstruck. John’s lips twitched in an instantaneous reflex to laugh which he successfully stifled, to his great relief.
“Ah there you are, John!” Another strange voice next to him suddenly piped up. Sherlock turned his head in profound confusion but he couldn’t really concentrate on the new face because his legs were starting to fail him again and he shuddered helplessly as he felt strong arms pull him into an unexpected hug which also quite practically prevented him from falling down again.
Sherlock hummed and ran a hand through his damp curls as he stopped his pacing abruptly, messing them up even further.
“Right, “he said, switching to his doctor's voice, “your pupils are still a little unfocussed, but that’s fairly normal with a concussion that heavy. But it’s a good sign you’re not nauseous or dizzy anymore. Your memory seems fine as well as your cognitive skills. Obviously, we still need to take a look at the results of your EEG, but I think the probability of you leaving the hospital today is quite high.”
Sherlock blinked and raised an eyebrow, but that was all.
Sherlock didn’t say anything for another minute, then he gave an almost imperceptible nod. John knew that even if Sherlock refused to file the charge Mycroft would press him more until he did so that must be the reason why Sherlock gave up now although he seemed to be almost at his breaking point.
Mike grinned at him with an eager nod, and John chuckled fondly. He knew that Mike wasn’t really angry with him. The Beta was a kind, gentle creature who wouldn’t hurt a fly. They had met on their very first day at Uni, both of them nervous but ambitious, and they had been inseparable ever since. It was a good thing they shared an apartment. Mike was his good conscience and his truest supporter, reminding him of upcoming deadlines for essays and papers, sliding up next to him on the couch in front of the TV to watch old Sci-Fi-movies on lazy Sunday afternoons.
John very pragmatically filled him in on Sherlock’s injuries. Mycroft never showed any reaction as John enumerated bruises, bites, and scratch marks although his eyebrow twitched a little when John mentioned the serious bite mark on the shoulder.
The man beneath him didn’t move anymore and John Watson didn’t care.
Greg shrugged. “Well, maybe he was too drunk to care. You’ve seen how he was before he went for the loo, he seemed a little smashed. Maybe he found himself a new friend.”
. He was moaning and trembling and trying to get the bastard off of him but couldn’t because he was so weak. He was completely helpless, Greg. I have never ever seen him like that. It was … truly awful.”
“Would you like me to take a look to make sure of this?” Her voice sounded a tad softer now. “You were not fully conscious at that time, so maybe you just don’t remember.”
“We’re off, brother mine. Rest well. I’ll call mother and keep her up to date. Don’t worry, I’ll tell her not to call...at least not for the next few days. That should give you enough time to figure out your version of recent events. But do answer the phone when she calls, you know what’ll happen if you don’t.”
He looked from John to Sherlock and back to John expectantly. They looked at each other and hesitated.
They were the ones responsible for Susanna’s death. They were the ones responsible for the exposure of their London establishment, forcing him and his partners to relocate, costing them millions of pounds.
“Uhm … Oh God … I’m not sure! I think it’s ... inhibition of mitochondrial respiration!” she blurted out, and looked at him in fear as she awaited his reaction. Everyone watched, holding their breaths in silent tension, until Magnussen finally graced her with one of his dead cold-eyed smiles, after which he nodded and moved on.
Because suddenly, Sherlock moved forward and placed his lips on John’s.
An shielings stand empty an broken
The jealous frown of his mouth when Irene Adler dared to touch him.
After a while, John took a deep breath and looked at his friend, taking a chance. “Sherlock?” His friend didn’t turn his gaze away from the TV. “Hm?”
Sherlock blushed. “That’s what you said the first day we met, “he whispered hoarsely.
And he grabbed his bag and pulled its strap over his shoulder, turning away from Sherlock.
But Sherlock was fine with it and he dealt with them all. He had struggled a bit at the beginning of his first semester but after a few bumpy weeks of observing and learning, he had worked out what was expected of him and had adjusted accordingly. After being told over and over again that he was an arrogant, condescending git, he had found a way to tone himself down. Instead of biting out apparently hurtful comments at people who asked stupid, silly questions he only rolled his eyes now and he even forced himself to give them a simple, but precise answer and help the whole group get a good mark, not just him. He had come to accept that there were certain rules on campus and he needed to follow them if he didn’t want to put the spotlight on himself.
“Mr. Holmes, I’m going to take a few photographs now. I need to take a picture of every single trace he has left on your body. Would you please take off your shirt?”
“Yes, it’s me, “he said, changing into the efficient, no-nonsense persona he always used for important business. “I need a favour.”
John had to threaten him with Mycroft and his dubious ways of abducting Sherlock to convince him to return home for some hastily consumed Chinese takeaway as well as at least a couple of hours sleep before they would return to their hunt at the break of dawn. Well, in reality, it had only been him who had slept. Sherlock had preferred to spend the hours at Baker Street in his mind palace or in front of his laptop, complaining about John’s tedious, silly demands for rest. He refused to admit that he had been nodding off occasionally, even when John caught him once with his head on the keypad.
A few seconds passed, then a heavy sigh from Sherlock, followed by “I’m sorry.”
“Yes. I must admit when Mr. Holmes called me to tell me that you would be here soon I thought of informing him about his brother’s state. He instructed me to inform him at once if his brother showed signs of great agitation while in this state. But that didn’t happen, he has stayed calm the whole time. So I didn’t call the boss. I thought if someone knew how to handle this, it would be you. Right?” He looked hopefully at John who realized that Frederic was scared that he had made a mistake by not telling Mycroft about Sherlock, that he maybe would get scolded for this or worse.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m up, “he said as he closed the door behind him, anxious not to make any unnecessary noises. If Sherlock still needed to sleep, he should be allowed to get some.
He felt restless and confused and he desperately needed answers, but he didn’t know how to get them. Usually, it was so easy. He just had to look at all the facts and information, stored here in this vast space of his mind, to look at and sort through, a satisfactory result was almost always guaranteed.
John froze. Almost instantly he could feel the rage and frustration rising within him and he knew he had to get away from here before he turned and said something really bad.
“Sir, can you hear me? “she asked as she took Sherlock’s pulse and checked his breathing while he was still in John’s arms. “Can you tell me your name?” She shone a penlight into his eyes.
“So how are you feeling?” John asked casually. “How’s the head?”
John shrugged. “Not to me, it’s not.”
“Yes, Sherlock?” He turned again and froze as he saw the crestfallen look on Sherlock’s face.
“Uhm, yes, of course, “he said quickly, “you were telling me about your internship at BMW in Germany?”
John was astonished to hear the exasperated sigh of Sherlock’s brother at the other end of the line.
Rolling his eyes at Gino’s following comments, useless and stupid as they were, he imitated the man babbling away to himself until he finally stopped him.
John just accepted this too and made himself comfortable. With his now filled stomach and his very comfortable pillows, he felt quite sated. Physically at least. But he still needed some answers, so he returned to his thoughts.
John shifted his gaze to Greg. “Alright, let’s make it quick, I don’t know if he’s able to stay awake for long.”
“Please, “he asked again as he pressed the glass to the tight line of Sherlock’s lips. “Please drink this, you need to stay hydrated. Please. For me.”
He stood up on wobbly legs and made his way to the exit. This time there was no hurry. His limbs felt heavy, which was ridiculous as they weren’t even real, just a projection of his mind, but somehow it felt real anyhow.
“Are you pulling my leg? That’s it you berk, you’re on bed rest for a full week!”
“Sherlock?”
Just as John started to get up from his chair to go search for the waitress, he felt Sherlock’s slender hand on his shoulder, “I’ll do it, John. I’ll get you your drinks. I need to move my legs a little anyway.” He looked up at his friend gratefully and nodded.
“Ah, who needs breakfast, “Sherlock dismissed him with a wave of his hand. “And no, we could have not waited another hour because by then, Anderson, Donovan, and all the rest of these blockheads would have ruined the crime scene like they always do and I wanted to prevent that from happening.”
At one point, his beautiful dreams changed into a nightmare.
A hysterical giggle escaped John’s mouth involuntarily. When Sherlock arched his eyebrow questioningly, he shook his head in amazement. “Sherlock, you cannot be serious right now. You’re bleeding and in shock, but you’re already planning on taking on another case as soon as possible, aren’t you?”
Dreams o peace an o freedom
Sae smile in your sleep, bonnie baby
John’s heartbeat picked up again as soon as he remembered what the two of them had been about to do before they had been interrupted.
But in this memory...this beautiful dream, Sherlock wasn’t stupid. He didn’t say that he was married to his work.
It didn’t even matter that he didn’t have any friends at school, that they thought he was weird and too different to be one of them. He had Redbeard and he didn’t need anyone else.
“What nonsense are you talking, John?” Sherlock was out of his bed in a second and right in John’s face. “I’m not a small child, of course, I can go home by myself! I’ll take a cab and that’s that!”
“Don’t worry, mate, “the voice of the man with the strong arms said, “I’ll take him home right now.”
John smiled weakly and allowed Mike to wrap his arm around his shoulder and drag him towards the cafeteria. But not even the thought of pie could make him feel better about the dreadful conversation he just had and the image of Scott Williams’ lovely face, the expression on it turning bitter and angry because of John’s words, stayed with him on the way to lunch.
, he told himself regularly. He was here to study, to learn, to get a degree and then he would be free to do whatever he wanted. He had already managed to get by through one year, two or three more years of studying would be manageable as well and then he would be finally rid of all these silly social antics a student life brought with it.
He sighed when he saw the concerned face of Mike greeting him in front of the Medical building.
“Well, then you can leave now, I assure you, I am fine.”
“You want to ask me out on a date, “Scott eventually said, his pale eyes hard as he raised them to John’s again.
“Okay, I know that now, “John replied slowly, trying to regulate his rapidly increasing breathing. “But how can you think that I would want to be anywhere else than here with you? I’m your best friend, remember?”
John closed his eyes again and he had to count to twenty to regain his composure.
John flashed a short, fake smile at him without really looking because his eyes were once again drawn to the other side of the room where the pub’s restroom was – although he couldn’t see much because of all the people standing at the pub’s tables. He couldn’t help being a little nervous about the fact that Sherlock was not back yet. Maybe that was due to the fact that his friend had a tendency to maneuver himself into hairy situations which in turn led to him, John, having to realize something had gone wrong in the great detective’s plan and swoop in to rescue him. He and Sherlock had only been friends – and colleagues– for a little over a year but there was a certain dynamic between them. It was as if they had developed a system where both of them exactly knew what the other needed to be done, two parts of one mind, completely in tune with each other.
“He did what?”
It wouldn’t be easy to get Sherlock on board, that much was clear.
“Sherlock. Hey. Talk to me, love. What’s wrong?”
“Anything new?” John asked anxiously but Greg shook his head.
They grabbed their jackets and made their way over campus to the huge Science Building where the party was being held. They paid the small entry fee, turned in their jackets, and went in. Inside, it was already packed with people, either dancing to the loud music in the middle of the room or standing at the side, holding drinks in their hands, chatting with each other. John and Mike slowly made their way towards the bar, aiming to get a drink first.
, he thought, as he caught a cute girl’s eye in the pub they had chosen.
“It’s John Watson, “John said as he held out his hand and smiled cheekily. Scott stared at his hand with a frown, then, rolling his eyes, he took it. His hand was thin and bony and his fingers were actually longer than John’s but it still felt very nice holding it and John found himself unable to let go. Scott tried to take his hand away again, but John gripped tighter and, going out on a limb, deftly pulled him close into his own personal space. Scott’s eyes widened, his pupils dilating, and the mellow scent of apples and almonds flared up at the unexpected intimacy.
“Not right now, “Mycroft answered coolly, not bothering to look at him.
“You were nearly raped, Sherlock, you need to be examined!”
“I’ll be back soon, “he said. “I’ll have to take your fingerprints and if you want, you can make a phone call.”
“We’re a little behind, thanks to the little test I had to perform on you. We will have to catch up next time. Make sure to read Chapter 2 and 3 of Gupta’s ‘Fundamentals of Toxicology”, I’ll be asking you questions on types and classification of toxicants and poisons, so make sure to be prepared. Alright, class dismissed.”
John grimly thought Frederic was right to feel scared. “So what did you do then? Did you try to talk to him?”
“Are you serious?” Sherlock looked from one brother to the other in shocked disbelief. “You’re not angry at him? But he went behind your back, he put you at risk for going out on his own, he could have ruined everything for you!”
“This door was very easy to open. I think it has been picked before.”
Mycroft’s words echoed in his mind, just recently spoken:
“Alright, I’ll leave you to it then, “she said frostily, “John, you just need to stir the soup for another ten minutes then it’s ready to eat. If you want to that is, you can throw it away if you don’t.”
“Me too, “he said honestly. “I...I wished for that to happen for quite some time now, but I….I didn’t dare to dream it would come true.”
John gasped as the weight of Sherlock’s body pressed against his, as he nuzzled his face into John’s shoulder, one short stifled sob escaping his mouth.
She didn’t say anything but looked at John, clearly pondering what to do.
to you but without your body, there’s no place for your incredibly stubborn brilliant mind to stay in, so what good would do that if you ended up losing it? Do you really know what could happen to you when ….”
The next thing he realized was that he couldn’t move his arms or legs. That was because he was cuffed to a very broad chair, in a way that his arms were spread wide, away from his body, and his legs more closely together. They had used real police handcuffs instead of simply ropes or cable tie. Unfortunately, this ruled out freeing himself of them on his own.
It was dark but there was a light at the end of the floor, indicating that someone was indeed here. John took a deep breath and made his way up the corridor, Greg right behind him.
“Yes.”
But for some reason, Sherlock had decided to treat John differently. They had clicked from the start and soon, Sherlock had even called him his friend. It had been stupid of John to doubt that. Sherlock had declared it out in the open, it hadn’t been a lie.
“John, are you listening?” she asked eventually, pulling him out of his reverie.
“So you’d be allowed to be a doctor when you have your degree?”
John leaned forward on his bed. “Oh yes, you will, because I am your doctor and I am ordering you to.”
He reached out and cautiously laid an arm around Sherlock’s waist. The urge to pull Sherlock flush against his chest was overwhelming. The concept of them sleeping together with him protectively spooning Sherlock from behind seemed awfully enticing to him, but he kept himself in check and maintained the open space between them, their bodies only connected by John’s arm around Sherlock’s middle.
John felt very tired and he knew it would be a very long night for him.
“Would they have the right to do so?” John asked curiously.
It seemed someone had kidnapped his friend. For what reasons he didn’t know, of course, there were several options. There were many crazy people out there, maybe someone wanted to take revenge because Sherlock had put one of their relatives into prison. Or maybe they wanted to hold him to ransom: he was quite a famous figure now, maybe someone was just trying to blackmail Mycroft into paying a hefty sum. Or –
“What do I have to do?” he asked quietly, without looking at them.
Mycroft turned slowly, glaring at his little brother silently, whereas Greg, to John’s amazement, blushed.
“Why did you step in to help me?” he tried again, this time with a slightly firmer voice. “You don’t expect me to believe you did it out of simple altruism, do you? Come on, just tell me. Did you do it to impress me? Do you think you can win me over like that, jumping in front of the line of fire to save me? The perfect Alpha, so heroic and fearless? You do, don’t you?”
Sherlock smiled to himself as he smoked. Despite being in this awful loud place he didn’t have an awful time. John was happy and relaxed, and Sherlock was happy to see his friend in such a state. He knew how he strained his friend’s nerves while they were on cases and he was sincerely sorry for how he treated him sometimes, but he mostly couldn’t help it, it’s just the way he was. He just got like that when his mind was overflowing with the need to deduce, to analyze. He just hoped his friend would be okay with that for as long as they worked together (which would be a long time, hopefully) and so he was happy to treat John to some well-deserved fun.
“Wait!” John shouted as he ran out of the building, barely catching a glimpse of the dark-haired student disappearing around the corner of the adjacent library.
, his look said.
“Sherlock, “he said, and he tried not to let panic creep into his voice, but he knew he was failing. “Sherlock, look at me.”
John looked at him, hard and Greg shrugged again.
Finally, the man’s gaze dropped and he ran bony, long fingers through his receding grey-blond hair, which matched his meticulous beard, as he cleared his throat.
“It’s neither your mother nor Harry, John.” Greg was already halfway down the corridor, and John stepped out of his cell. Sudden hope made his heart beat faster.
Her smile widened as his questions accumulated and he stopped himself, shrugging with a helpless grin on his lips.
“Yes, John, “he said, words slurring ever so slightly, and he put a hand on his friend’s shoulder. “Everything’s fine, I’m just a little tired.”
“I won’t.”
“Well, “John said triumphantly, “I think it’s very important.” He turned to his landlady. “You see, Sherlock made a mistake. He thought the drug was in the sugar, he became quite obsessed with that thought. Only to be proven wrong in the end.”
Sebastian’s face went red and he took a step forward, his right hand raised in a fist when Scott’s voice rang out from behind them, deep and clear.
Luckily, he was able to immediately pinpoint him as soon as he rounded the corner: he was about to enter the library through the front entrance and John immediately started running towards him, hoping he would catch him before he was through the door.
detective wasn’t looking at him anymore. Instead, he sat stock-still, his back a rigid straight line, as he stared off into empty space, brow furrowed, a mystifying expression on his pale, elegant features. He seemed to be deep in thought.
He stopped abruptly, tilting his head as if stretching his neck.
A pang of guilt filled John’s chest. He had pulled Greg into this and it was his responsibility to act level-headed. “Yes, of course, you’re right, Greg, I’m sorry.”
He woke up a little later when he felt a body next to his, its radiating heat stifling and merging into him. He opened his eyes to find that Sherlock had scooted over and was now clinging to him like a koala. He was still lying on his side, one leg thrown over John’s hip, his face buried in John’s shoulder and he was shivering violently against him.
… Her long blonde hair fell down smoothly down to her chest –
“How can I still be tired, John? It seems like I’ve slept a lifetime.”
Sherlock’s lifeless body moved underneath John’s frantic administrations and his white skin was like an affront to him, his blue lips an abomination.
John pulled his friend’s head into his lap and was gripped with a frightening sense of
Instead of the usual expression of scorn and contempt his face was filled with concern. Maybe even fear.
“Oh God, I’m such an arse.” John rubbed his temples, closing his eyes, as he realized his mistake.
“Oh no, Sherlock, no.” Sherlock was still right next to him, his body hot and flush against John’s but now he wasn’t clinging to him anymore. Instead, he was trying to get away from John, his hands pushing at John’s chest, his legs kicking frantically against John’s. His eyes were wide open, but he didn’t seem to know where he was as he was desperately trying to get away and John suspected that he had just opened his eyes and wasn’t really awake yet.
“Ah, sorry, “he said with a nonchalant smile, “I was a bit away, it seems.”
He had been much younger then and utterly stupid, too focussed on getting high and too greedy to stay away from that one dealer who would agree to payment in other forms than money.
Unfortunately, the doctors seemed to have started ward round at the very end of the hospital. After a while, John tried to distract himself by taking a quick shower, brushing his teeth. Sherlock was still connected to the EEG and thus was stuck in his bed which annoyed him endlessly. John took pity on him and brought him one of the fresh toothbrushes from the bathroom and an empty cup that he could at least brush his teeth with. Afterwards it was back to watching telly again. It was almost 10 o’clock when Sherlock suddenly jumped from the bed, ripping off the electrodes connected to his head, throwing them onto the bed with violent fury.
In addition, he was also thankful that John had taken care of him, in a medical sense. Even though he hated the physical weakness of his transport he knew it needed looking after from time to time which why it was incredibly handy to have a doctor for a best friend. John had taken care of his wounds, had seen to it that he ate a little, had made sure he slept a little. He had been there when the rape kit had been taken, something that he probably wouldn’t have been able to go through without John.
“Don’t apologize, “Sherlock said hoarsely, and he smiled at John, although the smile never reached his eyes. Was there a tear glistening in the corner of his eye or was that a figment of John’s imagination? “It’s not your fault. Everything’s fine, thanks to you. I’m not mad at you, how could I be? You saved me.”
“Was I...oh…..Oh!”
Frustrated, but simultaneously delighted that at last there was a little challenge for him, Sherlock looked around the room once more. There had to be a way to open these drawers. There was no safe where they could have hidden any important documents, so they had to be in the drawers, but how to open them?
A door was slammed shut on the other side of the room and they both looked up to see Professor Magnussen approaching the desk at the center rapidly, causing everyone in the room to quiet down at once.
He slammed that door shut, too, extremely irritated and annoyed. What could he do now, if even his mind palace denied him the answers he so desperately needed?
His eyelids were getting heavy despite his best efforts to keep them open. Although he couldn’t sleep directly next to Sherlock, he needed some connection between them to reassure himself. He also needed to stay alert to some extent in case something was wrong with his best friend. It was a good thing he still had the light sleep of a soldier, ready to jerk awake at the slightest sound of danger.
“No!”
But no. Scott was right to be angry at him, but he had no right to refuse to listen to his apology. John would have understood if Scott had patiently listened to his apology and then refused to accept it. Or if he had accepted it and still chosen not to give John another chance. It would have been painful and it would have been embarrassing but John would have accepted that.
Greg nodded as he looked at his watch. “Alright, I’ll grab lunch then and get back to the office. I’ll drop by later. See you.”
John got straight out with it. “Mycroft will take you home. I have to go to the station with Greg, I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“What happened, Sherlock? What did you say to her?” He was already suspicious, he knew his best friend, knew that he was unable to keep back the snark. When Sherlock didn’t say anything, his eyes dropping down, his suspicion was confirmed.
The car stopped. Sherlock only then realized they had already reached Baker Street, something that slightly upset him because he usually was very aware of where he was, even when in a car. He really was slipping nowadays.
“I don’t care, it’s over. Mycroft can take care of him if he likes, you know he can do that. So why force me to do this ridiculous examination if I don’t want it and it’s not necessary? I won’t do it!”
“No, you’re not the type for that. You’re a workaholic. You’re not interested in something so ordinary as sex.”
But then his eyes were drawn to the man’s crotch and he saw the obvious erection straining the man’s pants and without thinking he pounced upon him, a growl rising from deep within his throat.
John looked back at him over his shoulder incredulously, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, shoving him some more. “What are you looking at? Come on, we’ve got to get going. That corpse is not going to lie around and wait for us forever, you know. Quick, get yourself ready, I’ll give you …. ten minutes, then I’m out of here.”
, but somehow his brain didn’t work properly, and he kept going.
“No, I won’t, “he said simply, “I’m not hungry.”
“Yes, Mycroft? What is it? I have to admit, I’m not really in the mood for a chat, so if you kept this as short as possible, I’d be thankful.”
There was that other voice again and John sighed internally, annoyed by his own inner ambiguity.
Christmas. He would grant Holmes and Watson that. Engage in some sentimental festivities, snog underneath a mistletoe and what have you. And right when they thought, they had been forgotten, he would make his move. They wouldn’t even see him coming.
“Well … I don’t think he’d like that very much.” John said lamely.
He threw the crumpled paper into a corner, his eyes drifting towards the high-quality photos leaking out of a brown briefcase underneath the newspaper.
John Watson’s face fell, then it went a deep shade of red. He held up an angry finger, right into Sherlock’s face.
His heart pounded in his chest as he gripped the door handle hard, ready to be blown away by some new clue he desperately wished for. This had to be it. The answer he had searched for all along. The key to his relationship with John, everything he needed to know how to go on.
Mike shot John a regretful look. They wouldn’t be lab partners like usual. John, however, was more concerned with the fact that he would share a workplace with Victor and Sebastian….as well as Scott.
“Just eat it, John. Keep up your strength, you’ll need it, believe me.”
“Here.” John held out the thermometer and his expression told Sherlock that he was giving him the option of taking it to put it into his mouth himself; clearly expecting him to take that offer. Keeping his eyes locked on John, Sherlock opened his mouth, providing John with another option. Showing him that he trusted him to take care of him like he had done all this time.
“I’m only doing it for you!”
“Yes.” Mycroft didn’t sound smug or condescending now, just matter-of-fact. “We have a few options on how to grapple the matter. My people are still not decided which course of action is the best, that’s why it will take some time. A matter such as serious as this needs to be done thoroughly, otherwise, all would be for naught. So please excuse me, I must ask you to stay put where you are for now and spend the night. I’ll make sure you’ll receive a proper dinner though, as well as some blankets, I wouldn’t want you to rest uncomfortably. Would that be agreeable to you?”
John stared at him, distressed at the sight of Sherlock in this unusual state – upset, unsettled. Almost uninhibited. This was a man in pain, a man scared out of his wits, and he needed someone to take care of him, desperately.
“Don’t worry, John. There are other fish in the pond, you know,” Greg said, indicating the crowd of dancing people with his bottle of beer. “You’ll find another minx to have fun with.”
“He’s been out on a case and he was caught snooping around by some … not so nice people.”
She sighed. “I don’t like it. What about the rape kit? It’s important to collect evidence for sexual assault as quickly as possible, you must know that.”
And how unfitting in the whole context of Sherlock.
Sherlock moaned softly but didn’t protest when John cautiously slipped the thermometer between his lips.
Suddenly, the image of a tall, blonde man appeared in his head. A tall, blonde man pouncing on him, touching him, kissing him….
At first, he thought that no one was home. The flat seemed completely empty and a wave of disappointment washed over him, followed quickly by concern. Had something really happened then? Where was Sherlock? And Mycroft?
“Who are you?” Victor Trevor asked harshly. The Alpha’s eyes roamed over John’s body as if he was trying to measure his physical strength from mere visual judgment.
“What’s going on here? Mr. Holmes why are you up?” one of them asked, confused. “Have you removed the electrodes to the EEG?”
He thought of the night at the swimming pool and the panicked way in which Sherlock had ripped the Semtex vest off of John. The tension in his lanky body as he paced up and down, scratching his head nervously with the loaded gun. The shaky way the air had left his lungs after the danger had supposedly evaporated and the way they had looked at each other and giggled. Just for a second until Moriarty had come back.
He saw Mike glance at him curiously, looking slightly puzzled. Even though the olfactory senses of Betas were not as keen as those of the other two genders, his friend could probably nevertheless smell what must be an embarrassing mixture of awe, excitement, and lust. Christ, he was probably reeking.
“Oh, okay, “she said with a small frown. “Oh, then I’ll go to the bathroom to check on my make-up.”
The heat rose in Sherlock’s cheeks when he realized that John had only been a very short distance away, as Sherlock had indulged in his indiscrete John-inspired fantasies, barely refraining from touching himself. He could only hope that John would not see his embarrassing thoughtlessness in his eyes.
Suddenly there was a gun in her hand. Which she pushed into his mouth. “Open up, little detective. Or I’ll kill you right now.”
“Ohhh, yes, right!” His eyes widened in realization. “Sorry, I didn’t realize!”
Sherlock took a deep breath and then started rattling down everything he remembered in a clinical voice, while his eyes were fixated on a spot on the wall behind the nurse. “He kissed me, and he sucked at my neck, I think. He bit my lip. He stroked me under my shirt, and he also touched my bottom. I think he scratched me, my hips, I think, and he slapped my face a couple of times.  He pulled my hair. He bit me into the shoulder. I think that’s everything. At least as I can recall.”
Everybody nodded.
She looked at him expectantly, but Sherlock was really not in the mood to talk.
“Wait.”
Sherlock still needed to confront John with his theory. He needed concrete proof. He was rarely wrong, but this one time, he couldn’t rely on anything he didn’t know for a hundred percent to be the truth. His sanity seemed to depend on it.
Sherlock sighed and turned again.
“Just a few minutes ago.”
“John Hamish Watson, Captain, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, born September 8th, 1971, your favourite colour is blue.”
But then he recognized the familiar form of his best friend. He was hunched into the corner of the couch, curled into himself, unmoving. He was dressed in a maroon dressing gown hanging loosely around his pale features, around his legs drawn up to his chest, his arms wrapped around them. His eyes were closed. It was obvious he wasn’t asleep but somewhere deep inside his mind palace.
“Night, Sherlock, “he shouted over his shoulder and he got a soft “Night, John” back. Maybe his roommate was getting a little tired after all.
John was amazed by Sherlock’s deduction. Business as usual. It was like watching a magician do a magic trick in front of his audience: you couldn’t look away, you were totally entranced. You couldn’t explain how he’d do it and you desperately wanted to know but you never will.
Everyone fell silent at once.
“That’s the spirit, “John observed and laughed.
Quickly, he texted back.
“Can I have a word with you ….
John nodded. “We’ll see if that works out for him then, but we have to watch it closely.”
Once again, he entered the cafeteria in absolute misery. He knew with certainty that his Monday way ruined and he couldn't help but slam the door behind him in a petty attempt to vent his anger.
Greg had the decency to look embarrassed. “I know that, John. I have to ask these questions, it’s standard procedure, you know that.”
Scott actually laughed at this and John quirked an eyebrow curiously, silently demanding an explanation.
“Yes, I fear we have to, “Greg answered, “I have to follow the rules, you know that.”
“I could help you with that.”
“Shut up!” Scott hissed, taking a step forward, but John quickly raised his hand to stop him from advancing on Victor. Then he swiftly stepped in front of Scott, shielding him from the other Alphas with his body.
Sherlock had realized that from the very start things were different with his new flatmate and at first, that hadn’t been a problem at all. John had been, on the surface just an ordinary guy in his late thirties, an ex-soldier and army doctor with PTSD, easy to read. But the more he got to know him, the more layers of John’s personality made themselves known and he grew more and more fascinated with him.
“Fine, “he said through gritted teeth. And that was all that needed to be said, the matter was done. Mycroft nodded and they stepped away from each other again, the tension in the room dispersing again.
He took a deep breath and continued.
“Sherlock!”
“That’s what I thought, “John admitted. “But, Sherlock. I was an idiot. I was too afraid to admit my own feelings to myself. I knew that you were my best friend. I knew that I had never met such an incredible person, never knew a person that was so extremely...extremely and utterly perfectly brilliant….” Sherlock made a choked sound and John squeezed his shoulder gently.
Sherlock made a sound that was clearly meant to demonstrate his revulsion but then he took the cup and drained it in one go. He put it down onto his nightstand rather firmly and looked at John with an expression that said
“Bring it on then.”
“And you don’t know anything about any pillows, do you?” Exasperation creeped out from the edge of his voice and he grabbed the doorframe with sudden anger as she answered him, even more confused, “Pillows?”
Well, it could only technically be called ‘home’ as he himself had barely lived there, and apart from that, it had never felt like home to him.
Sherlock stopped the pacing and looked at John with a serious look. “Okay. John, I need to say something, and I need you to hear it.” Pause. John looked expectantly at the great detective. “Yes?”
The familiar voice of Mike Stamford pulled him out of his thoughts as he finally reached the cafeteria without realizing it.
It took him nearly two hours to fall asleep.
Panic flashed in those deep blue-green eyes and John quickly shook his head reassuringly. “Or not. You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. Come on, sit down. I’ll make the tea.”
John sighed. “I never said that. I said we can talk about it tomorrow. But let’s not argue about that right now. You really need to rest now, doctor’s orders. I’ll stay here, too.”
Sherlock shrugged and turned around to walk back towards the bar’s entrance.  He dropped his head and chuckled quietly to himself, content with how he managed this little problem and feeling quite good. No one could claim he couldn’t hold his own in a fight. Okay, they hadn't fought physically, well not per se but there had been physical contact – he shuddered again when he thought of the other’s man’s nearness and resolved not to think about it anymore when he heard a voice behind him call out to him.
Sherlock felt himself once again moved against his will, felt his body dragged down the street by this man and he just gave up. He couldn’t fight it, he just couldn’t. There was a voice in the back of his mind screaming at him to conjure up a plan on how to escape, to take in his surroundings, and make a deduction on how he could find help. But he just couldn’t heed it. He was tired.
John pulled up a chair to the bed, sat down, and leaned forward. “How are you feeling, Sherlock?”
He closed the distance between them and once again pressed his lips on Sherlock’s. Warmth bloomed within his chest when those flawless lips responded at once, opening up and inviting him in, giving him the sweet taste that was unique, and wonderful and so doubtlessly, beautifully
Once they were tucked in tightly underneath the sheets, he pressed Sherlock against himself and started to stroke his back soothingly, muttering stupid little nothings directly into Sherlock’s ear where the man was curled underneath his chin, praising him for how good he was and how well he was letting John take care of him.
Greg sighed. “He would have been looked after at the hospital. Why did you insist on taking him here?”
“Don’t you have somewhere to be?” he eventually asked Mycroft who stood in the middle of the living room, glancing out the window with his umbrella swirling in his right hand.
//////
He pressed a soft kiss onto the top of Sherlock’s head without really thinking about it and frowned when he realized that Sherlock was still radiating heat as if he were on fire. The fever was still tormenting him, and he would soon have to wake him to check his temperature and get him to drink some more water.
“She got pregnant after a few months. At that point we rarely talked anymore, her husband only allowed her a phone call once every two weeks. She was miserable. I wanted to help her, but … what could I do? She eventually sneaked out and tried to get an abortion but he caught her and …. well, it was bad. He locked her inside her room for the rest of the pregnancy, had her force-fed and tied to the bed so that she wouldn’t hurt herself.”
And he had to save this particular life. Because there was no way he was going to cope with losing him now. There was just no way.
Scott sighed, waving his hand as if he couldn’t be bothered explaining all this, but he graciously did it anyway.
He rushed back up the stairs, Greg on his heels, and tried to find their waitress. He found her and asked her if she had seen their friend, the one who had only ordered chips. She hadn’t either but when she saw John’s disappointed face she pointed at the counter.
He stood up to talk with the paramedic again. He needed them to drive him and Sherlock home. He would also ask them to take a blood sample from Sherlock, so they would get some detailed information on which drug Sherlock’s attacker had used on him and what dosage. He would ask nicely so as not to irritate that poor woman any further. Not that it would be a problem getting all these things, he had Mycroft on his side now.
“What?”
…. John closed his eyes for a moment.
Nevertheless, he was worried about the bite wound and though he didn’t want to put even more strain on Sherlock’s body he decided to administer a universal antibiotic to treat a possible infection in the shoulder prophylactically. He fed the liquid medicine to Sherlock very slowly spoon by spoon and held his head back so he would swallow. Sherlock coughed a little in his sleep but didn’t wake up.
John’s eyes widened when he looked at the ground: the microscope from Scott and Samantha’s table had dropped to the floor, shattering into hundreds of pieces of glass and steel. It was a mess. Suddenly, it was eerily quiet in the room as everyone stared at the destroyed microscope.
Sherlock let his arm drop from his face and looked at John in irritated confusion. “Who’s that now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He fell silent, breathless, his chest heaving with exertion and he sensed his rage cooling down again, leaving as quickly as it had come. He felt slightly light-headed as he told himself to calm down, to slow his breathing and that’s when he noticed Greg staring at him, appalled. Sherlock, in contrast, was looking at his hands in his lap, so he couldn’t see his eyes. What he could see though was the slight tremor in his shoulders.
“I think he was drugged.” John swallowed heavily as his mind had finally drawn the unavoidable conclusion. “Somebody put something in his drink and that’s why he was so out of it. It was probably the bloke who helped him out of here, the one who’s taken him who knows where!”
“Thanks, John, “he said softly, and he took John’s hands into his. “I don’t know what I would have done without you.” He wanted to say more but he couldn’t so instead he raised his hand to cup John’s face and for a moment they simply stared at each other, green eyes piercing into blue ones, the air hanging heavily between them in an unexpected moment of intimacy.
John realized Frederic was studying him with growing concern and he decided he needed to set the other man’s mind at ease. He really was worried, but he needed to form his own opinion about all this, and he didn’t want to set Mycroft onto this now if it was avoidable.
He cleared his throat awkwardly. Scott looked up at him then, his pale eyes wary, but he said nothing.
“How are you holding up, John?” Greg asked quietly from where he stood, a few feet away from John, looking at him cautiously while he slowly drank his coffee.
The annoying scent of musk and leather coming off of the other Alpha intensified and John could see that the man’s irritation was growing.
, he told himself,
He then raised his head a little to take in his surroundings, biting his tongue when the pain flared up once again. Right in front of him stood a woman. She was tall, slim and attractive, wearing a very expensive-looking black ensemble of a blouse, blazer and a very short skirt –
“Don’t play dumb with me, “he hissed, trying and failing to keep his voice calm. “You know very well what I’m talking about.”
Susanna Bendick had been a vain woman but there had always been a kind of insecurity about her, only growing worse with every year she got older. She had been baring her teeth at the few younger women lurking around in her vicinity, trying to get a few scraps from her cake but she wouldn’t let them.
“Okay, shall we check your flat?” Greg asked, a little breathlessly. “Maybe it was really just a friendly stranger who took pity on him and got him home. It’s not that far.”
He looked very very young.
“Oh.”
It was preposterous, John wouldn’t have stayed by his side all this time if he only thought  of him that way, right?
John felt very tired. They had just arrived home from Devon where they had solved the unbelievable case of the hound of Baskervilles. It was eight o'clock in the evening and John had almost fallen asleep in the cab on their way home. Almost three hours on the train with Sherlock babbling on and on about the details of their latest case would do that to you. And they didn’t even offer a good cup of tea on the train!
“What’s wrong with you?” he hissed, leaning forward again. “I’m trying to apologize to you, the decent thing would be at least to listen to me.”
“You’re wearing a very small but distinguished silver necklace under your shirt. I can see it’s circle-shaped. The unusual shape suggests it’s old, probably a family heirloom which has been given to you by a female. Could be a girlfriend but no, you’re wearing it now and you’re asking me out, which means you have no girlfriend. You wouldn’t be wearing anything by her or you’d be a cheat which doesn’t apply because….strong sense of justice. So. It has been given to you by your mother. There’s probably a tiny picture of yourself as a baby in it or of you and her. However it is, you’re sentimental. Why are you sentimental? Because things are not as good as they were. You’re poor. You’re wearing expensive clothes but they’ve been bought second-hand, which is obvious from the worn fringes of your shirt and the holes in the knee area - no they aren’t artificial, these are actually well-worn jeans.”
-Yes, you would. - Holmes guaranteed, with the same closed smile as always.
-I do, I am sure. I am a man of mind,but everything I say and do is totally based on what I feel, I hope you, sir, like this idea. I am who I am today because of who I was before and after I loved Jam...es.
-Watson! Welcome. - the man didn't seem at all as what Holmes thought he would seem. He had short white hair, but no bear or a great house. Everything was simple, but very, VERY, expensive. - I see you came with a friend.
They survived just with that when they tattooed pink triangles on their arms.
-I believe... – father said, suffocating, pointing into his side. – You deserve into that line. Your... partner, is in there.
Sherlock, before he could even have any negative reaction, already saw his companion taking his shirt and pants and jumping into the lake while laughing hard.
-A deerstalker. - Holmes cleared it out. - You know, it's used for hunting or big travels or, how can I say it? Pure fashion.
John had two jobs. One of them he had already finished in the day, which was to work at the hospital as a doctor. The other, at the night time, was taking care of the people that now lived in the street, without conditions to survive on their own houses. He also helped the sick and injured people that even having a place to live, couldn't afford to pay for medical treatment. He helped the population simply because he liked seeing the smiles on the faces of the young children who would be lost without his support. He graduated just for helping, not without any other intentions.
The woman, blonde with beautiful blue eyes, stopped smiling as soon as she saw it was another man.
-They would only kill me now if it was the forbidden hours.
-It is all in your eyes, doctor.
-Why would you represent danger? - Watson's voice was clear, now that he was at his own home. He knew exactly why he was in danger, but he wanted to hear it from his mouth.
-Do you want me to do it? - he asked, while he let Rosie push his own hair. The doctor said yes and raised an eyebrow, trying to understand if the companion would actually feel confortable doing this. - It's okay, just buy the milk. And candy. Oh, and I need something for my hair.
-Mary... Mary was my first love and the most intense. She was a blonde, short haired woman with gentle eyes. We lived good years together, right here, in this house. That empty side of the bed was once from a very strong woman.
-I am very sorry about your loss, but I want you to know that I pretty much know you are not talking about a woman.
The man got scared at the request.
At that night, he took extra care to put more clothes on and hiding his work tools on his pockets. He locked the door twice and checked it for long minutes before looking at the sides just to see if his neighbors were looking at him. The people from that neighborhood complained all the time about the situation and all of the deaths, but spent their days looking though Windows just trying to discover another victim.
Some children got closer and, as soon as they saw Holmes, they let go a small scream, which was enough to wake up Watson. He shaked and opened and  closed his eyes a few times until he realized where he was. When he finally got used to it, he saw Holmes' figure wearing his coat while telling a story to the children.
He knew, at that moment, that the man was a fugitive. Not because of his clothes or looks (for the love of God, Watson was not a person that judged with the eyes.), but because he said "please". None of the German at that moment of history would even worry to have the education to be polite, only if they were desperate.
-Hello. - Holmes said. - I said I would come back. I hope everything is great, wherever you are. I... Well, I'm great. I took a bath this morning, can you believe it? Everything is going to be good, but I can't prevent something.
"And then daddy died, that's where my childhood ends. I spent my years decorating my room and taking care of my family."
Rosie had the weird habit of becoming very bored easly, and that started to annoy John. He tried everything, since going to parks with her and making family fun stuff or maybe letting her only with Sherlock so she could tie his beautiful hair.
-Jump, Sherly! You will not feel the cold if you jump! - John screamed, waving his arms around his own body.
-My childhood?
He found his dad sitting, smokig a cigarrette while he watched the children carryingsome other dead bodies into the place where the smoke came from.
John smiled and said yes.
John loved all of those curls and how they fell into Sherlock’s shoulders, giving his face some format.
-Yes, Watson?
He knew as well that the man knew Holmes was not a friend of Watson.
Because, yes, he loved him. He loved him deeply, as he never thought he would love again. He loved the way John took care of his patients, even if Mrs. Herm was not around anymore. He loved how he smiled and whispered his name on their intimate times. He loved how he took care of their daughter and how he saw a lot of him on the little girl. And seeing him sad made Sherlock half a man.
The sixth punch wasn't in his mother.
Holmes dressed himself and took a funny little hat out his coat pocket.
-Yes, John.
At last, she found a notebook. Rosamund started reading.
Watson, when he realized that nothing would work at that moment, warned Holmes he would look for a calmer place to lay down and have a bit of rest. By that corner, where he was all alone, he could see Holmes and all of the attentiveness and empathy he had for other people. He was shaking, with his skin almost blue because of how cold he was, but he insisted on continuing helping the other. Watson sworehe could hear him singing a childish song.
The first bomb was more about shock than fear. Dr. John Watson breathed heavily before actually noticing his city was being bombed and, if they didn't move fast, he would be dead and no one would be able to find his body in all fo those ashes.
-I won't take long, it's a promise.
-What do you mean, sir?
When he hung the flag, he felt soething inside of him dying. It made him feel bad to imagine himself as being a part of this, colaborating with people that shared hate by their own people. He still did not understand what was on their minds, the people who supported those actions and thought they were normal and correct, but he didn't blame Watson for hanging the flag everyday, as he didn't get a chance to do anything else. He could go agaisnt his principles or die.
John was quite nervous about the younger's reaction about his surprise, but he knew that beautiful young man was too sweet to simply demonstrate he was not enjoying things. For him, everything was just good, and that was all John had to offer.
Watson nodded, smiling without showing his white teeth.
Holmes gave up on waking the man up. He was punching his arm when he finally realized it was such a deep sleep he wouldn't be interrupted.
Because love is never a choice.
-He is a doctor, that we know. You confirmed this as soon as you couldn't close your mouth at what I said, now I wonder what type of doctor he is. One like you, sir, who works for pure love and helps the poor? No, because he gains a lot more and this is impossible. I assume then that this man to whom you referer to must be a nazi doctor, or at least one that works with the victims.
Watson spent some good ten minutes while waiting in his chair, that was right in front of another one, a little bit different. His sister used to sit there and talk to him about how life had been going at their parents's farm.
The despair.
And with world, now they meant the damn nazis.
-You would be surprised.
-I have no time to explain, but don't make me say why I'm hiding. I don't want you to call them, I prefer to die alone in the cold. If you are mad at me because of my situation, please, throw me outside and let me turn into a piece of ice.
-For God's sake, Holmes,where have you been?
Sherlock agreed and took the small girl on his lap, wrapping her thin legs around his fine waist and kissing the top of her head while he let her lie on his chest.
Rosamund looked at a box, with confusion, and hesitated while opening it.
"I hope that, with that letter, your heart opens up and you realize a love story don't need a historical context to actually be extraordinary and mark lives."
-Let's say it was a gift from someone special from the past. It's been hidden in my coat since the day I arrived.
-John, honey. - the woman's voice was shaking in a creepy way, her face muscles shaking while she said every world. The little boy could see the tears almost falling off her eyes. Mommy grabbed him by the arm and pushed him into a hug. - I need you to go to your room and pretend you are asleep. Take Harry with you, take her.
-Yes. Don't worry that much, she has a very gracious dad.
-Wait for me, I would love to meet that creature. He must have a beard and those big mansios with the red flags all over it.
-Oh, yes, I almost forgot about those stories. - Holmes said and, once they were both on their beds, he started telling: - My brother, Mycroft, worked in a good place when I became a teenager. I was an awfull young man, to be real, no one ever liked me. I likedto pretend I was a sociopath, taht I didn't had feelings and that not caring was a good thing, but soon in my 15 years of age, I fell deeply in love.
-You're Jew. - Watson concluded. The man waved with his head, closing his eyes and waiting for the hit that, happily, never came. - I knew when you asked "please".
-It's fine, I think. - it was not, he was taking a lot of risks because of a fugitive that he didn't knew, but he liked to take control of everything and pretend everything was okay only to see people happy.
-Sher... Sherlock? Have you seen Mrs. Herm? How is she?
The child opened her eyes, identical as his companion's, and cried one last time before Holmes put his big hands behind her small arms and took he rin his lap, fitting her around his waist, incredibly defined. Rosie let her blonde curls on Holmes' neck when she layed down on his shoulder, still a little tired and lazy.
-Oh! Thank you?
-I know... And I think he already knew he would not be here today, so he left me this box. It is something I got from your old house and that I got right after the war, when your, welll, your grandfather, handed me whatever John took to the camp. It was specific that I couldn't let you know about this box until you experienced, for the first time, love.
-Sometimes I think you are not really human, sir. Your thoughts are so advanced.
-John... - she whimpered.
But, they were still the two of them. They were still John and Sherlock, both of them against the rest of the world.
-She will learn what she wantsto, you grumpy guy. Now, I really need you to buy the milk, I am starving.
They handed them soap, ironically, because all of them knew they were not there for  a bath.
And sometimes he talked.
The fourth.
"And, after some months, he was not only living in my home: he was a part of me. I could not sleep without hearing his breathing beside my bed."
-Am I being inconvenient? I can sit somewhere else, I forgot about the fact that I am a guest.
He thought it would be a priviledge to be just as Mrs. Herm and simply never remember what is happening, because he wouldn't like to remeber this agony as an older man. Those were one of the few situations he could say he would preffer to be dead.
Sherlock was hearing his boyfriend’s breathing when it started, because they had the weird costum of only sleeping if their breathing patterns were equal.
That day's conversation had ended with a bright smile and a "it is what it is" emotionally said by Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Happily, Holmes was a man that could deduse a lot of things, but Watson was a man with vision. He knew it since the moment the guy stepped into his house that he wasn't there just because he was a jew, but because he was a heavier case.
-She will learn. And I will be the one to teach her.
Right after, the blonde guy came back with white pajamas and a brown towel. Delivered the objects directly to the hands of the man and soon felt how cold his hands were. Imagined, for a little big of time, how many hours that poor man spent sitting in front of his door, waiting for death to come.
-He is here to pick us up.
-I am not your housekeeper.
The first patient was one the oldest people in the neighborhood and the whole Germany, if he risked saying. The old man had more than 100 years and a lot of health problems, yet, he refused to go away. He simply used to say he would like to see how all of it would end.
-Here, follow me. - finally, he said, putting his arm behind the man's shoulders and bringing him up.
-They were taken? Do you think they are dead? – John asked.
-Let me get up first, Holmes, or I will wrap a diaper around your head. - Watson replied, while getting up slowly from the bed he shared with his daughter in the days she accepted to sleep anywhere that was not near Holmes.
"He showed up at my door, shaking and needing help. I could have told someone, but I let him in."
Because love is never a choice.
And the third.
-If you loved someone that much, why are you so sad? Isn't love amazing and revolutionary?
"I got exausted, of course, because I was a 10 year old who spent most of my time reading and investigating people. But, even with that, I was always in love with humanity in a very person way. The most interesting person in the world was always my mom. I loved her how I will never love any other woman."
-If you know I am attracted to both genders, you must have realized I have a bit of an... Am=dmiration for you, sir. A lot, because of how you take care of our little girl and make me feel like it is something very natural and beautiful.
He found the tomstone he was looking for.
-Mary? - the so known voice screamed at the door. - For God's sake, this is the first time I thank myself for the neighboors I have. Mrs. Hudson downstairs warned me about you coming here and I came home as soon as I could.
-They are gone? – one of the older guys who used to sleep close to them, screamed.
John now had his hands holding his face, covering the eyes that had uncontrolable tears that moved in his cheeks quickly. The young man couldn't see John crying, simply by the fact that the pain his companion felt hit him deep inside his own heart, now that both of them were connected in such an intense way they couldn't live apart.
It was painful to Sherlock to watch it. Watch John having difficulties on actually breathing, getting lost on his tears and holding himself on the table so he wouldn't fall out. He felt a piece of himself tearing itself with the falling of the tears the man he loved was crying.
But, in that very dark morning, he just wanted a small moment with his companion. A moment before it all turned upside down, as he knew it would, even if the war ended up early and no one ever found out about the both of them and what they did when they were alone in a room. And he was not talking about the dance classes he liked giving Sherlock.
-The twins. They slept right there, doctor Watson. – he replied, pointing at one of the beds.
Watson started realizing he couldn't explain how Sherlock did it, but he would admire him with all of his heart.
John wrote every day on his old diary, and he still didn’t let Sherlock read the words he marked so firmly into the paper.
-And why is this side empty?
-I have to go now. - he said. Watson noticed how rough and musical his voice was. He stopped talking to cough.
-Hello? What can I do for you? - Holmes asked, with a homy, gentle tone, even if he felt like it shouldn't be like that.
Rosamund was a space on his brain that was now filled with blue eyes.
He had no tears on his eyes, but it all feltlike he was just about to explode.
They spent a lovely afternoon with ambicious talks and lies. Lestrade was not at all as rich as he claimed he was and Holmes knew that very well.
Watson was not at home, Holmes took the gigantic flag in a dark tone of red, while keeping Rosie on his lap with only one hand.
The smile that John Watson always had, even when things were complicated, soon disappeared. Now, he was the shadow of the man he once was, a rest.
-I hate you for making me face this cold water, doctor Wtson. - Sherlock said while he jumped and gotsmaller right in the middle of the lake. John got closer and, for the first time after all that happend, he held his companion from the behind, as he felt safe enough to demonstrate how much he liked him. - Now I don't hate you.
For some reason, Watson remembered the image of his dad cleaning his own bloody hands when he came to visit last year. He was even more blonde and angry. Watson didn't knew his dad's position in the Hitler army, but he knew he had forgotten all humanity as quickly as someone forgets the name of an unknown.
"And then, you came into our lives and everything was wonderful. And I loved him even more."
-Please, the kids are sleeping. - Mommy spoke, with a quiet, terrified voice. John's dad was impatient when it was about his family. He didn't wanted to be there and made it very clear.
And Sherlock just got up. He got up even knowing that someone knocked madly on their door. He got up even knowing that the person that was trying to break into the house was John's father, as obvious. He got up, and held him. A hug that was more painful than lovely, but honest in a way that hardly anyone would be able to describe. Sherlock let his hand on John's head while the other one passed by his arm, his chin laying right on the top of his head.
Rosie moved on his lap one more time before opening her little light eyes.
After two hours of negative thoughts and a desire to have been born in another place or another time when the young man got closer. He was dirty, had difficulties breathing and was almost purple. He let his thin body slip on the wall and laid down right in the doctor's side, who was already asleep.
The bombs were still outside, and the screaming inside of the shelter made Watson's head hurt even more. He didn't mean any bad, but really couldn't stand the euphoria and all of that situation. It was too much for a young doctor in only one night, having to conform with a small, cold shelter, watching people dying little by little, agonyzing with the feeling that they were being watched 24 hours per day.
-That? Are you talking about her life? - John screamed, finally. - Then listen very quickly to what I am about to say. Sherlock, please, grab Rosie.
-No, it's not. I'll leave as soon as I can move better so I can run to a safe place, I swear. - he got in his knees in front of the Doctor, with his hands on a praying position.
John loved that beautiful thin body. He loved the way his back ended in two dimples and how his legs were defined.
The third drawing had the three of them. Sherlock held a baby version of her with much care and attention while John rested on his chair, looking in a lovely way at the two of them.
-Shh, it’s fine. – Sherlock replied, kissing one of his shoulders and making him fi ton his chest all over again. The bed was very small, and both of them were too big to find a confortable position.
-That thought make you look like a sullen person, Holmes. Our first love is always the most intense.
Holmes was steady in front of him, with his hands showing the perfectly folded up pajamas. He wore the same clothes as the day before, still wet and kneaded.
-Why do you keep me as a slave? This is still my house.
-You know what, babies, it is incredible how much humans can get their feelings confused, and I don't know if I should be telling you this, but hate sometimes turns into love. It can take a lot of time, it can cost people's lives, but one day everything will get better. - he said, with a confused look on his face. Watson understood he was not the most confortable around children, but he looked adorable with a blonde girl on his lap.
-Sherly, honey, Rosie is awake. I can hear her crying. – he continued, making his legs touch Sherlock’s tighs. – Can you help her with that? She usually only sleeps when she can find your smell.
His third patient would have been an old friend if he hadn't passed away days before his weekly checkup. The young doctor felt a terrible pain when he remembered that and the fact that he didn't have anyone else to take care.
Holmes wasthere for a few weeks and Watson, as a good lonely man, couldn't even imagine his own nights of sleep without the tall man lying on the floor right beside him.
In that cemetery that luckly was very close to John's house, the poor jew children used to play. They would run and jump around the tombstones of those who were the last ones to have their names somewhere after death. The children had no idea of what it all meant.
-Tell me your story, Holmes.
The very defined cheeks. John wished he could touch them a last time.
-Holmes.
-Yes, Holmes.
-Holmes? - he screamed my going into his own room. He found him laying in the matters, beside of a perfectly made bed.
Everything he knew was that John's dad now commanded a concentration camp for homosexuals and jews. Harry was a lesbian.
"I loved his curls, I loved the way his eyes changed colours, I loved the pale tone of his skin, I loved how he whispered my name, I loved how he took care of you as if his life actually only mattered if you were alright."
Once or twice in a day, John found the little girl resting on his boyfriend’s lap, while they slept calmly on the couch or their bed.
-Dead!? - Sherlock repeated, leaving all of his panic and doubt about where Harriet was just fade away, but not in a way that could make it until John and hurt him even more.
-I could not be this brave. I really want to live with my parents, but poor Rosie... Do you really think she would survive the whole trip? I never traveled with her, she was never in a ship before and I am sure there will be no enough food or safety for me to keep her alive and healthy.
-I uderstand, my little girl, I am also worried with your dad. It's going to be okay, I promise.
Watson also extended his own hand at the same time, shaking the other's. As soon as they stopped, Watson felt the palm of his hand wet and, when he turned it around, noticed it was blood. He held Holmes's hand and saw the same.
The noises didn't stop and multiplied. Holmes wasn't very brave to go to the living room to see if it was a candy seller old lady or a monster - in other words, a nazi.
"Her blonde hair and deep dark circles under her eyes made me so interested that I stopped going out with my friends just so I could spend more time looking at her. My dream was to be just like her when I grew up. She used to call me her favorite son, but I doubt she could choose."
And both of them smiled, because everything on them was pure color, all that they ever dreamed.
-So who is the right person?
Holmes refused one, two times before Watson convinced him to go with him. The great question was that the underground shelter was exclusive to "good" germans. Sherlock feared that one of them would see him as a jew and kill him right there.
-She was a jew, soon as the war started, when they still burried the bodies.
"Dear daughter, if I am writing you this, it's because I am certain I will not be by your side to repeat those words, consider this from my heart to yours."
Holmes smiled and got closer. He got on his knees right in front on the doctor that he saw as one of the most inteligent, kind and beautiful men he ever met.
They entered the house, Watson touched his own hair for some time, walking in circles. The unknown started at him in complete panick, without any idea of what he should or shouldn't do.
-I can, I'll find a way to walk in the streets with I being noticed. - he smiled, which was also rare in there, and extended his hand.
He heard the steps in the living room coming closer every second. His dad was furious, and John knew that. The sister tried to calm him down telling him that 'at least he was not screaming', but John knew that the silence would be almost letal to whoever showed in the father's way.
-Well... – Sherlock started. – The doctors who work for nazism are kind of curious about the existence of twins. They generally enjoy taking girl twins and boy twins and... Forcing them to do stuff that they shouldn’t just so they can know if, from that thing, there were be identical twins born from the couple.
Days after this, she appeared on their room with a small bag of clothes, food, and a diary about the child's personality. Rosamund was bright and almost hopeful (if she was not a child) while she layed down on her mother's lap. John grabbed her and smiled, thanking Mary and forgetting all the hate he had for her to wish her good luck in the new journey.
-Everything will be alright someday, Watson. Our first love hardly is the true one, that's what I believe in.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes was a unconcerned man, had that kind of posture that showed dirctly that everuthing was going to be just fine, even if it wasn't.  Watson knew it wasn't. The curls were, in the minimal, what got attention. They were so young and full of life for a young man that feared death that the doctor started facing everything as a sweet, cruel methafor. Everything.
-John! - she smiled, with the little girl sleeping in her lap; - Can you help me with my clothes? I've been busyall of this time with Rosamund and only now I could come back.
-My dad.
Like that night.
-As your ex wife must be, of course. She must be very pretty.
Sherlock sat on his chair, while John got up, with his hands covering his face that now had a red tone from all of the anger and sadness he felt knowing how his sister died.
When she opened it, she could see a drawing of her parents, Mary and John. It was made before the war even began. It was still very well made.
Dr. John H. Watson couldn't sleep while he could still listen to Mr. Holmes shaking because of the cold. He got him a mattress and let him sleep on the floor of his room, but Holmes still had his body gelid from the two hours before. Watson feared for his life and for his own life, because if one of the armed soldiers decided to check the houses during the dawn, both of them would be dead by the morning time. But, even with all that could happen, he couldn't keep himself from feeling acquainted with Holmes, a lost, scared man, with his defined face dried out because of the loss of hydration and the curly hair as an infinite mess that, for some reason, went well with his very green eyes.
They ran in the dark streets - wrist with wrist, breathing with breathing - until they got into the shelter's door, that had a huge access ramp until the shelter John Watson already went to a few times. Holmes was too scared about the situation and the people.
-Uhm?
He knew that very well.
The young man dressed up in a white shirt, social pants and red suspenders, leaving the flat with fear. It was past six in the morning, so he could walk on the streets, but only with a lot of fear.
-Ah, Martha... My father is not around anymore. - Rosamund answered, slowly caring her own arm.
-Is that what you think about every night when you think I am asleep?
"How much I love him, wherever we are right now."
-Look, I knew this would happen. I always knew, I was sure, but I choose to deny it would come so quickly and...
-How…dare… you? – he screamed, while he pressed his father’s head into the wall. – You forced them into it, didn’t you? You force everyone into doing what you wish, I am tired of this. Since when mother used to scream for you to stop beating her or when I begged for forgiveness. I am tired of your ignorance, I am tired of you, sir, and I wish you nothing less than death, one of those that are painful enough.
-Well. I was born in January of 1922. My parents lived with me until... Well, last week. I have an older brother named Mycroft and we get along incredibly well.
-God...
-This is what you will never have, and I had the honor to have. - John explained.
"With much love, father John and daddy Sherlock, with the story that someday will be told."
-Stop complaining and do as I tell you. - he ironically screamed. When he baby was clean, he messed her blonde hair as he did with his dad when he was sick or depressed. - Now, Rosie, say bye bye to your dad.
And that someone was Rosie.
The neighbors started asking themselves,  he knew they were watching him. He never walked at that neighborhood since he moved into the humble house of a certain hapless doctor,so he understood why people talked about him.
They both laughed, what made the small Rosie join then and Holmes realize her laugh was just like her dad's.
They resumed walking down the small path, surrounded by beautiful pink and yellow rose bushes.
Greg nodded, obviously concerned at John’s sudden resignation. He motioned for John to step ahead of him and together they walked down the corridor, down another aisle to the detention cell, a sterile empty room containing only a bed, a sink and a toilet. Without a word between them, Greg unlocked the door, John stepped in and Greg locked it again.
“So they’re practically forcing you into a bond because otherwise you would be bound to your parents for the rest of your life?”
He didn’t bother answering. That wasn’t important now. So he resumed his pacing and tried not to bite his hand while he was doing it. Being separated from Sherlock was simply …. not good for him right now, it felt as if something essential had been taken away from him. He needed to be with him, only then would he be able to calm down. He took a deep breath and resumed his pacing.
Thinking on his feet, he grabbed Sherlock by the back of his head, pulled him to his own body, and pushed his lips against Sherlock’s. Only then did he raise his hand to force Sherlock’s mouth open as he desperately breathed a lungful of air into the lifeless man. It almost depleted his own level of oxygen and he forced the brief rush of panic down. He also knew that it wasn’t much, that Sherlock needed much more air, but he hadn’t any more to give. It just had to suffice for now.
“I’ll text the others and ask if they wanna come too, “John said, already typing away on his phone.
Sherlock Holmes had learned what the world was like when he was but a little, baby-faced boy and now, as an adult, he had long since learned what he had to do to survive.
“Sorry, what?”
“Let me talk to them.”
He looked up at their entrance. “I suppose you are finished with your examination then, Mrs. Wilkins?” She nodded and he said “Splendid. Would you please wait downstairs for me? I’ll be with you in a moment.” She nodded again and after a silent assessing look at John, she left the apartment.
“You have no right to make such assumptions about me! I don’t believe how you could think that of me!”
Feeling anxious for leaving Sherlock alone for so long – it had been fifteen minutes now – he jogged back down the corridor to his friend’s room. When he approached the door, he listened for sounds from the other side: such as Sherlock’s loud protests of being forced to eat stupid hospital food or that it was too chilly in the room or whatever. But it was eerily quiet.
“Are you still dizzy?”
So he decided to give it some rest. He sat on the sofa – noticing a still busy Mycroft noticing him re-enter the living room in fresh clothes and wet curls – cross-legged and closed his eyes. After a few minutes of calm breathing – not even Mycroft’s low talking from the corner did disturb him now – he had already disappeared into the depths of his mind palace.
But to his dismay, he didn’t think of Tonya and her wet kisses as he went to bed that night. It was Scott Williams’ cupid-bow lips instead that filled his mind: the way they had tightened in surprise when John had addressed him, the way they had moved rapidly as he shot out his deductions of John's life at him, or how they had curled up in almost shy joy when John had called him ‘fantastic’ right after. He imagined the way they would feel underneath his own lips, imagined they must feel incredibly soft and sweet and that he would love to know how Scott would react if he pushed him against the wall while he roamed his mouth with his tongue. He imagined the alluring scent of almonds and apples spiking up at this display of dominance and he groaned as he tried to think of something else, something that would make the starting erection between his legs go away.
“Don’t. “ John said quickly. “You don’t need to say anything. You’re not under pressure here. Please, Sherlock, relax. I just needed to tell you this, it’s been weighing on me so much. But you don’t have to say anything to me now. Or ever. I’m okay with whatever you decide. You’re not obligated to tell me anything. Please. Sherlock. Talk to me.”
Mycroft cleared his throat, sat down in John’s chair, and pulled out his phone, glancing at it while sipping his tea contentedly. Sherlock decided he was in the mood for tea and drank his, too.
He lifted himself up and carefully pressed his fingertips to Sherlock’s carotid artery, closing his eyes for a moment when he found his pulse, as expected, racing. He kept on counting as if that would somehow make the number change into something slower, while he fumbled for the thermometer from the bedside table. Sherlock didn’t react at all when the thermometer was shoved into his mouth and John immediately knew that was a bad sign.
It felt wrong doing this, without Sherlock’s consent, without him being conscious even, but it couldn’t be helped. He just hoped he wouldn’t wake in the middle of John undressing him and freak out because it possibly reminded him of previous situations in which he had been undressed against his will.
“Victor and Sebastian of course, “ Sherlock sneered and he knew at once when he saw the expression on John Watson’s face that he was wrong and yet he couldn’t stop himself from continuing to snarl at him.
It seemed problems would have evolved from whatever angle he looked at it.
“Arendsen is a fraud and a pathetic Omega activist, “Magnussen retorted coldly.
“Sherlock!” John was at his friend’s side in an instant and he grabbed his wrist first to check his pulse, stroking over his hair with the other hand at the same time. It was strong but erratic. It had been simply too much stress and his body couldn’t cope with it right now, with the Rohypnol still in its system.
He nodded to himself and took the first flight of stairs with determination, choosing the middle path of the three presented to him. He knew that path. It was the one where the most recent information he had gathered was stored, this was the path he would choose when he was on a case. He would enter every room available and take a look at the information gathered there, the things that would help him solve the case in the end.
Again, Sherlock felt a huge wave of affection towards the man in front of him. The man whose eyes still sparkled dangerously when he spoke of Sherlock’s attacker, the man whose hands were clenched into fists, betraying the anger still burning in his veins when he remembered yesterday’s events.
John groaned and sighed and moaned as he turned and tossed as he thought and thought and thought. He didn’t want to, but he couldn’t help it. And somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew that he wouldn’t get any rest until he had this sorted out, so he best get on with it. This was important now, for his peace of mind.
“Sherlock?”
At the mention of Sherlock’s name John squeezed his eyes shut, as a short stab of pain flared up in his chest.
“That’s absolutely unnecessary, “Sherlock protested, but Mrs. Hudson was already climbing up the stairs, nodding to herself.
At that moment, his phone rang. He answered when he saw it was the hospital.
Greg grinned, too. “Sherlock. Just let the good doctors decide what’s best for you, alright? They only have your good health in mind. You should be thankful.”
Mycroft ended his little speech with another polite bow. “Goodbye, gentlemen.”
John shrugged. “There are a lot of patients here the doctors have to look at. You’re not the only person getting himself hurt, you know.”
“Sherlock!” Mycroft’s arms shot forward around his waist to support him and for a few seconds, Sherlock leaned into him, letting him support his weight, because he was feeling light-headed and the room was spinning a little and
But as a lover. A partner in every sense of the word. Together, they could not only solve crimes, make the world a better place, but they could also make each other better. Their minds focussed on cases during the day, their sweaty bodies entangled in the sheets during the night.
And then he was gone. John settled back into his pillows, switched the lights off, and closed his eyes. Somehow, he found himself unable to fall asleep despite his utter exhaustion a few minutes ago. Instead, he spent a good amount of time lying on his back, staring at the ceiling, lost in his thoughts about his strange roommate Sherlock Holmes. His
John was fully awake at once and he sat down next to his friend quickly. “Sherlock, “he called, “Sherlock, wake up!” When his friend did not react, he shook his shoulder which caused Sherlock to jolt awake as if he had been electrocuted. He looked around himself, startled like a deer in the headlights - but he relaxed the second he saw John.
After a while, Sherlock’s shoulders slumped, and John was shocked to see naked despair in Sherlock’s eyes. It was only there for a second and then the eyes were flittering towards John in panic, afraid that he had seen this moment of weakness. John was unable to pretend he hadn’t seen it and Sherlock’s face hardened when he saw. He swallowed heavily and turned his gaze towards the telly again, pretending nothing had happened.
“It almost cost you your life.”
All of the students present here had to have passed the mandatory ‘Introduction to Toxicology’ class before being allowed to enrol on this advanced course, so everyone would have at least a standard knowledge of the topic.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but his slightly guilty expression gave John his answer. “Oh no, you don’t, Mister, “he said grimly, “you’re not escaping me another time, this time you
Thoughts of John and how they had woken up entangled in each other, their warm bodies seemingly glued together, suddenly filled his mind and he groaned, as sudden heat in his loins made him want to reach between his legs and follow an impulse he very rarely heeded.
John sighed. “Yes, I agree. But the drug is still in his system, he already fainted before you came and he’s….” He threw a glance over his shoulder to make sure Sherlock wasn’t in the room and he lowered his voice, “he’s very vulnerable right now and your way of waltzing in here and making demands is not making things easy for him.”
“I tried, mate, “Mike said, grinning in surprised disbelief, “don’t you remember?”
Sherlock’s eyes brightened a little, relieved that John would not immediately address the elephant in the room. “Alright. Tea would be alright. I guess. Sorry, I think I’m still a little out of it.”
“No!” Billy snapped. “Shut up. I don’t want to hear another thing out of your filthy, fucking mouth.”
Anger pooled deep in his stomach. He saw Mike next to him shaking his head in warning, whispering “no John, don’t, “but he couldn’t stop himself.
John’s face softened. “I don’t want to annoy you, Sherlock, I’m only trying to look out for you. You know that don’t you?”
At once, John felt guilty for yelling at his friend in the state that he was in, but he pushed that guilt aside. Sherlock needed him now.
Right in that moment the doorbell rang, and Sherlock closed his eyes in exhaustion. He really didn’t seem very enthusiastic to see his older brother now.
“Of course.” John stood up and held out his hand. Sherlock took it, and together they went into Sherlock’s bedroom where they quietly lay down on the generous bed. Automatically, they settled into the position they had just woken up from a couple of hours ago: with John lying on his back, and Sherlock curled up against him on his side, his face resting trustingly on John’s chest.
“Well, well, brother mine, “Mycroft tutted, as he crossed the room to stand in front of Sherlock. “Already back to being your usual sarcastic self, I see. Fine. Then let’s not waste any more time. I’d like you to get examined now.”
But when he looked into those warm, gentle eyes he suddenly found himself unable to form a coherent sentence, closing and opening his mouth again.
“Hey, John Watson!” he called out again without thinking. He rushed down the hall, his right hand outstretched, the other struggling to maneuvre his heavy black bag around his shoulder, huffing in irritation when it cost him more effort than he could afford at the moment, making him almost trip over his own feet.
Trying to shove the useless thoughts out of his mind, John dove deep down and frantically searched for a body floating around. With his hands bound and the heavy Belstaff on his thin frame, there was no chance that Sherlock had made it to the surface. Panic set in, when he realized that he almost couldn’t see anything in the dark, muddy water.
Because this was a fact that nobody seemed to get about Sherlock. He was a human being. He had feelings just like everyone else. He was breakable. Vulnerable. He was able to feel hurt and remember it, suffer because of it, just like everyone else.
He finally found it and quickly returned to Sherlock’s side.
“Fine, “Sherlock replied at once, and he smirked in response to John’s eye roll at the typical answer.
She pointed at the bed with a very strict expression on her face. He obeyed, albeit with a murderous facial expression, making no effort to hide his anger at being treated like a small child.
John wanted to scream with frustration when suddenly his phone rang. He chose to ignore it. He had to convince that woman he would take Sherlock home, he wouldn’t let him wake up in a sterile hospital, in that vulnerable state he was in right now.
“J-John….” His head lolled to the side, leaning into John’s touch and John’s heart swelled at the subconscious comfort-seeking gesture.
Sherlock just nodded and walked towards his bedroom.
That voice.
So, he inhaled slowly through his nose, exhaled through his mouth, calming down slowly. He took one of the cloths, immersed it into the warm water, and began to clean the bite mark on Sherlock’s shoulder, the physical injury he worried about the most. Bite wounds could, when more than superficial, become infected and in worst cases cause permanent damage. Very carefully John rinsed out the wound and cleaned it thoroughly, then he bandaged it. He would have to take a look at it first thing in the morning to see if there was an infection. He would have to ask Sherlock when he last had had a Tetanus shot and naturally his blood would have to be tested for HIV and other possible viral infections.
There were dozens of pictures and all of them were of Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson. Sherlock Holmes leaving Bart’s Hospital with another tall, elegant man, getting into a limousine. Doctor Watson also leaving the hospital, getting into a police car with what seemed a police officer in civilian clothes. Holmes and the other man getting out of the car at Baker Street. Holmes being ushered into the apartment by the other man, a weary, exhausted expression on his face. Watson, one day later, approaching 221B Baker Street in a cab, the same weary look on his face.
“Hey, don’t look like that. You look like a dog that’s been through the pouring rain, “he said as he studied John looking at the door through which Scott had disappeared.
“See?” John’s tone was slightly reprimanding but still kind and patient. Sherlock allowed him to push him back into his pillow but he fixed him with what he hoped unnerving glare.
“But…” Sherlock hesitated. “You always said you weren’t gay….”
Sherlock remained stiff and silent while his mind raced through the possibilities of how to proceed next. He could break this man’s arm, he had done so in the past. Or he could just punch him in the stomach and leave although if the man was fit enough which he could possibly be from his outer appearance he may still stand after that and counterattack which wouldn’t be so great because then they had to fight in earnest and Sherlock really wasn’t in the mood for that. He’d like to go to bed tonight without a black eye if possible. Asking the man nicely seemed useless because he appeared determined to make Sherlock’s life difficult right now, for whichever reasons.
Gritting his teeth, he slowly crumpled the page into a ball in his hand, crushing the faces of Holmes and Watson in the process.
Sherlock didn’t seem to hear him at all, he simply whimpered and bit his lip. The lip which also had to be cleaned as it had been split, John noticed once again with anger rising within his throat, but he quickly swallowed it down again.
A sound of deep frustration and irritation escaped John’s throat, making both the other men look at him warily as if he were a caged bear trying to get out.
“And I did attest to that, “Greg said, his hands raised placatively, trying to calm John down. “But it’s not that simple. They’re charging you now and trying to get all the facts straight. Apparently, Mrs. Bendick was one important woman and her father-in-law is raising a ruckus about you. He probably pressured prosecution into charging you.”
His lungs were screaming, his body was aching with exhaustion and the threat of shock, but he gritted his teeth and fought onward. Sherlock was a lifeless weight in his arm, raven curls floating around his pale face and John could only pray that he was still alive as he, painfully slowly, moved toward the faint light coming from up above.
His lips were cold but soft, and it was the sweetest taste John could ever imagine. Sherlock opened his mouth and John cupped his face tenderly as he cautiously traced the seam of those perfectly shaped lips with his tongue, and the cold and exhaustion he had been feeling just seconds before were suddenly gone. Heat pooled in the pit of his stomach and John groaned as he resisted the urge to press Sherlock even closer.
John quickly got up from the sofa too and grabbed Sherlock’s good left shoulder to make him look at him. “That’s not what I meant! Sherlock, you are not pathetic! You’re brave and strong and mind-blowingly intelligent, you are anything but pathetic!”
“Alright. Doctor Watson. Tell me what happened two days ago. Start at the beginning, please.
“I’d like to know what’s going on here, too, “he said, after a minute of silence, looking at Greg again. “I’ve answered all your questions, you have my statement. I’d like to leave now.”
“But…” Sherlock frowned at him, obviously displeased but he stopped when he saw John’s stern glance at him.
The man jerked his chin at the cigarette in Sherlock’s hand. “Care to share with me, mate? I forgot mine at home unfortunately and would be really grateful for a smoke.”
So, as I said, I'm planning on writing a sequel for this. Please forgive me for the indulgence of the mustache-twirling villain in the epilogue, I just couldn't resist 😉
Then he went into the kitchen and turned on the cooker. He really needed to eat something – he hadn’t eaten since his burger and chips last night and he was genuinely starving. He was very thankful for Mrs. Hudson’s vegetable soup, still in the abandoned pot. He would force Sherlock to eat something too. He had only eaten a handful of chips 24 hours ago and who knew when he had eaten before that. His body needed nutrients and it needed them fast. No backchatting this time.
The paramedic arrived on the scene and a slender brunette woman quickly kneeled next to John to take a look at Sherlock.
He mustered up all his strength to try to move his arms and indeed managed to shove at the arm holding him upright. The other man was so surprised by his weak but sudden movement that he let go of him for a second, which resulted in Sherlock tumbling onto the hard ground unceremoniously like a sack of potatoes. It hurt because his muddled brain failed to order his hands to break his fall, so he landed on his left cheek with a soft
“Do you have a boyfriend? Which is fine by the way.”
Sherlock took a few steps forward and waved his arm angrily in John’s direction. “Yes, you blockhead, you’ve got that right: I was NEARLY raped. It didn’t happen so there’s no need to examine me!”
His eyes immediately darted back to Sherlock’s face but a warning flash in those hard pale eyes told him that he mustn’t betray their advantage.
“I’m sure of it, “Mycroft said calmly. “He’s already threatened to kill me and my assistant twice in the short time we’ve been here with him, I don’t think you would have been in any such danger if you were here, don’t you think?”
So, no he didn’t think Sherlock had ever had any sexual experience which was quite sad even for him. And then to have him have his first sexual encounter – well, probably – turn out like this, being assaulted, being almost raped – it was simply awful and would probably ruin the man’s chances of ever engaging in a healthy, intimate relationship with someone.
Sherlock looked at him as if he were stupid. “Says who? Quick, the clock’s ticking!”
“Hey...you’re awake.” A soft smile tugged at John’s lips as his half-lidded eyes studied him curiously. “How long?”
“Sherlock, “he said with a heavy sigh, “everyone is only trying to help you, don’t you realize that?”
Something like disappointment flashed in Sherlock’s eyes. “Yes, I know. But you made it blatantly clear that it is hard for you to understand how I behave sometimes, especially after what happened in the past few days and I’ve already told you. I’ll try and change, I swear, I’ll try my very best, but I cannot change completely, John. Not even for you. I would if I could, but I just know I can’t.”
Sherlock glanced at him in doubt and only harrumphed.
That plan had gone straight out the window when he had been stopped outside by said Alpha whose name apparently was John Watson. The whole encounter had been a huge disappointment and had only cemented his opinion that it was NOT a good idea to get involved with anyone on campus more than was necessary.
“What’s the major toxic effect of hydrogen cyanide exposure?”
Greg chuckled. “Yeah, yeah, you addict, I’ll get you your stuff but just get back home and do what your doctor tells you, alright?”
John felt a cold sweat break out on his skin. “Other friend? What other friend?” he asked, trying to suppress the panic in his voice.
Bewildered and also a little bit disgusted by this rare flare-up of hormones, Sherlock had forced himself to focus on Professor Magnussen who entered shortly after the unknown Alpha and his friend had entered the lecture hall. He needed to pay attention to every word that the man would be saying about what was expected of them this semester. He was determined to deliver nothing short of perfection, anything else was unforgivable. When he had enrolled here at Durham, he had set himself a straight goal and that was to pass all his exams with flying colours. Studying criminology as well as chemistry, along with the additional medicinal courses he had chosen to take was by no means an easy task. But he was ambitious as well as resolute and he would not stray off course, not even a little bit, because of some good-looking ‘all brawn and no brains’ Alpha.
“Okay, do you remember drinking anything a stranger gave you or that your beer tasted funny?” Sherlock looked at him in utter confusion and John cursed himself inwardly for not being able to ease his friend into the whole situation better.
Resisting the urge to slap Sherlock’s cheeks to try to rouse him, he swam towards the beech which thankfully was only a few meters away. Those few strokes cost John the last remaining energy he had, and he almost cried with relief as he felt pebbles and hard mud give way underneath his wet shoes. He dragged Sherlock forward onto the damp shore, managed to quickly cut his bonds with the Swiss knife he always carried with him, then collapsed by his friend’s side.
“Sherlock…”
John still sat there, stunned at the feast in front of him, and Greg shook his head as he turned away.
Sometimes he couldn’t believe his own temper. Sometimes he was simply unable to stop himself from letting utter nonsense spill out of his mouth and he hated himself for it.
“Okay, Sherlock, listen to me, “he said firmly, and Sherlock’s eyes opened again, heavy lids at half-mast because he was apparently just moments away from falling asleep again. “We’ll stay here for now, alright? I’ll take care of you. But we’ll go straight to the hospital if the fever keeps rising or if your overall state worsens. Alright?”
John grinned. “Good. Now, what can you deduce about me this morning? But be gentle please, will you?”
He sighed a heavy sigh as he finished cleaning himself. It was no use fretting about this. He needed to rely on his instinct in this and John’s experience as well. Since he had gotten to know John, he had seen the other man with dozens of women, so he must have quite the experience regarding sexual matters. Relationships too, although for some reason, they always seemed to end very quickly.
“Hmmmm, you’re absolutely right.”
Sherlock didn’t cry but he clung to John like a scared child and John wouldn’t let go of him now unless the world ended. The warmth of Sherlock’s hot breath against his shoulder tickled the edge of his face, making his skin tingle. The thin but wiry body felt warm against his own and he frowned when he realised how his heart was jackrabbiting inside his chest.
“Please, “he said softly, “he hates hospitals and after what happened to him, he needs to wake up somewhere he can feel safe, and that place is home.”
Dreams o peace an o freedom
He shook his head, frustrated, refusing to let his worries overwhelm him. It just had felt right to allow Sherlock to stay here with him. He was a doctor, wasn’t he? They wouldn’t do much more in the hospital than he could do here. They would give Sherlock his medicine, watch his temperature, just as he was doing here. He had looked at the wound, kept it clean, had changed the dressing. He had kept him hydrated.
Sherlock simply hummed and watched as the man lit up the cigarette with a lighter he surprisingly had thought to bring with him, in contrast to the apparently forgotten cigarettes. He wasn’t too happy about having company, he had enjoyed being alone for a few minutes, enjoying the fresh air and a moment of peace and quiet with no loud people around him, crowding him.
“Sit down, you’re making me nervous. We wanted to eat, remember?”
“Alright students, that’s all for today, “Magnussen announced eventually. “Next time we’ll be conducting a few experiments to witness the effect toxicants have on human cells firsthand. Which is why we’ll not be meeting up here but in the laboratories in Building HC. You’ll be provided coats, goggles as well as gloves, so you don’t have to bring anything apart from the usual pen and paper. Class dismissed.”
“That is right.”
Then they dropped and an almost guilty expression crossed that sharp-edged face.
Very carefully, he removed Sherlock’s head from his chest and laid him down onto the soft mattress. He got up from the bed and looked at Sherlock: he hadn’t moved and was still sleeping, looking fragile and lost laying there alone and curled up into himself.
What a clever devil. Apparently, he had managed to cut John’s ropes at some point before they had been separated in the boat. He had absolutely no idea when he had done it, how, or with what knife. But he had done it, unbelievable genius that he was.
John grimaced as he and Mason walked over to Victor and Sebastian’s table. He tried to ignore the way Scott went out of his way to stand at the direct other side of the table so that he was nowhere near John. It stung but he understood. He tried not to let it show on his face in favour of concentrating on what Victor was saying.
“Oh?” Greg raised his eyebrows but then a knowing smile reached his lips. “Ah, okay, right.”
But those few people in his life he spent more than a few minutes with – people at school when he was still a child, students at university, flatmates, neighbours, police officers – they all eventually realized that he was simply too much to put up with. More than once he had experienced people walking away from him in a fit, slamming the door behind them after declaring their undying hatred for him, thus ‘breaking up’ with him. It had always been fine to him, there hadn’t been any interesting relationships anyway and the few attempts at real friendship – one could better call them experiments - with others had been less than satisfying. It was tedious, people expected him to return favours, spend time with them regularly and were offended when he didn’t bother to respond to texts or preferred spending his time with dangerous experiments in the laboratory instead of going to the movies or to a pub. No, being friends with people had simply not worked for him in the past.
Panic suddenly rising within him, John drew a sharp breath and leaned forward. “Sherlock,“ he began, and Sherlock looked at him in startled surprise.
“Really.”
“You know what?” Billy said and now he sounded eerily calm, almost bored. “I’m done with you. Fuck this. Fuck off.”
“Oh, come on, Sherlock, don’t pout, you know I’m just teasing you a little.” Sherlock huffed again but looked at John and blushed again as his friend winked at him amicably.
“John, I’m telling you, I cannot possibly sleep any longer. You know I don’t sleep like normal people. Me sleeping over ten hours is already incredibly tedious, you cannot expect me to even add to these hours. How much more time do you expect me to waste? Really, John, you can’t force me to go to sleep.”
“Of course, Sherlock, “John said hoarsely, “That's what friends are for.”
A deep sigh left his body, and he clenched his jaw shut, determined not to break down now. He had nothing to do now but wait. Let others decide his fate. There was something mystifyingly deliberating about this. He had no say as to what happened to him now. He couldn’t do anything to change what was going to happen. So he resigned himself to his fate and began his task for the next few hours: waiting.
“Hey, Watson, Stamford, there you are!”
“Oh, yes.”
“But you’re an ex-soldier. Trained in handling guns. I find it hard to believe you wouldn’t be able to shoot her straight in the head if you really wanted to eliminate the threat to your friend. Or maybe shoot her gun out of her hand. You would have been capable of it. So why didn’t you?”
So sorry for the long wait!
Without waiting for an answer and not really expecting one he stepped inside and sat in the other chair, Sherlock’s chair, his posture rigid.
“Hello, guys. Am I interrupting anything?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “What did you do to him?”
The umbrella twirled in Mycroft’s hand. “That might be so, but I still needed to make sure. After Doctor Watson’s rather worrisome news concerning your sudden high fever, I was tempted to get you into the hospital myself.”
“Don’t go, “John whispered, leaning forward, chasing after that sweet, sweet mouth and Sherlock obeyed. Their lips re-connected eagerly, a shy clumsy brushing of mouths, panting breaths of air exchanged between them, as they parted and met again and again, their hands still clinging to each other faces as if clinging to each other’s sanities.
“Good night, “she whispered and left before he could thank her for her kindness.
His eyes jerked open as he suddenly remembered where he was. The pub. That bloke who had suddenly appeared and dragged him away. That bloke who was…. still dragging him away apparently.
After his enlightening conversation with Molly, he was dying to know if his suspicions about the Beta and his background were true and he had wracked his brain all week, trying to think of a way to get to the truth without being too obtrusive.
With another heavy sigh, John heaved himself off the bed and shuffled over to their shared bathroom, stifling a yawn.
“Yes?” John Watson asked, raising one eyebrow expectantly. He kept his body only half-turned towards Sherlock, glancing at him in an almost bored manner as if it was of no great importance to him that he was being held up by the younger student out of the blue.
“I’ll just go to the loo for a minute, “Sherlock announced, and he turned at once to leave.
Just a few hours ago, he had been convinced he would spend the next ten years in prison.
“Wow. Who
At that moment Tonya laughed coquettishly, placing her hand on top of his and he frowned.
Scott whipped around, wide-eyed. “Excuse me?” he asked incredulously.
“I’m sorry.”
The man squatted next to him, leaning over his face to tenderly stroke Sherlock’s hair.
Magnussen’s cold smile was back as he looked Sherlock up and down once more. “See you next week, Williams.”
But John wasn’t looking at him. Instead, he was fidgeting where he sat, fumbling around with the thermometer still in his hands.
“Go on, “Molly challenged him with another laugh, “take a sniff, I can see you want to.”
A new nurse poked her head in. “Doctor Watson. I was just wondering if you were staying overnight. Because I could roll another bed in here for you.”
“Oh yes, I did. Mr. Holmes gave me a file with interesting details about cases Mr. Holmes had solved. About things he might find interesting, scientific articles, stuff like that, you know. But he didn’t seem interested at all. Then, suddenly, mid-sentence, I realized his eyes were closed, so I knew he was back in his mind thingy again. He hasn’t moved since then and that’s been …. “ Frederic looked at his watch, “four hours ago.”
As he made his way through the corridors, the grey closing in around him, words started to echo through his head, growing louder and louder.
“Would you let me kiss you again?”
Everyone was staring at the blue-eyed student. He was sitting back in his seat with his arms crossed, a loose smile on his lips as he looked up at Magnussen in gleeful triumph, defying him to tell him he was wrong. Magnussen was staring at him in irritation and surprise, his hand gripping into the table as he forced his mouth closed and once more turned his face into an emotionless mask.
Then he had shouted at him a second time, at the hospital.
He staggered and was once again supported by the person next to him, a strange man he managed to note as he painfully and slowly turned his head to the side to look at his saviour.
They made their way down the abandoned streets. It was around midnight and pitch-black outside, the only lights provided by the streetlamps hanging over them. There weren’t any sounds except for Sherlock’s heavy breathing. Even though he was practically carried by the other man it was exhausting to him and he just wanted to rest. His eyelids were drooping but a little part of his mind forbid him to give in to unconsciousness again, it told him to stay alert at least a little bit for as long as he could.
John groaned and rolled his eyes. “Seriously? I don’t have anything new to tell.”
“If I did something wrong again, I’m sorry. But you have to understand that I just couldn’t walk by when I saw those two cornering you.”
But then he caught sight of Mycroft staring at him anxiously. He pictured John with the same expression on his face, clutching the phone’s earpiece hardly as he waited for Sherlock to explode.
Greg showed up at eleven in the morning with a stern look on his face and two steaming coffee-to-go mugs in his hand. He was let in by a nervous Mrs. Hudson who called for him as soon as she had opened the door to their flat.
It scared him, feeling like this. Also, it filled him with a kind of satisfaction he hadn’t expected. He was happy that John was in love with him. Overjoyed even. He wanted him to be in love with him. He wanted John. Not just as a friend. Not just as a colleague.
“See? I told you.” There was triumph but also concern in John’s voice. Sherlock wanted to show him he could shove that wherever he wanted to, so he shook his head, took another deep breath, and took a step forward.
“What time is it?” Sherlock asked, dreading the answer already.
He tried to ignore the feeling of disappointment and hurt eating away at him because of that. He tried to explain it with Sherlock’s complicated personality, that he was unused to confiding in someone, that he still had to learn how to trust someone like that. He, John, would have to show him how to do that. Or maybe he just had to let it go. Maybe he, John, had to trust Sherlock, that he was really fine and that he was dealing with it in his own way. Maybe returning to everyday business was medicine enough for Sherlock. He was strong. He had been right to reprove John for seeing him only as a poor victim.
“About you being very clever.”
“J-John, I….”
“Sherlock. Sherlock, are you okay?” John’s voice sounded …. concerned, probably and he sluggishly registered soft, strong hands on his arms, trying to calm him down but he didn’t react. He couldn’t react.
He lost all sense of time but after a while assumed that a few hours had passed. It wasn’t really important though, it didn’t matter.
After a few more minutes, the wide doors of ICU opened and a tall young man in a doctor’s uniform approached him.
That’s why he was thankful for Mrs. Hudson, bustling about in their living room in order to provide them with a good old “cuppa” of tea and some of her homemade sandwiches. He was not, however, thankful for Sherlock repeating everything about the Baskerville case – again – to Mrs. Hudson in tiniest detail just so she wouldn’t miss anything about the “brilliance” he had once more proven, as he himself put it
“He’s just one of many talking shit about him.” Frustration and bitterness seeped out of John’s voice and Greg looked at him with surprise.
“John, I…I need....” he started, then his voice broke and John’s heart clenched hard in his chest, it was almost too much.
John who was still staring at Dimmock as if he wanted to run him through with a sword, eventually dropped his gaze and sat back down, too.
“Out! Out with you!” Magnussen jerked his head towards the door and the lad stifled a sob as he grabbed his bag, almost falling over his feet as he hurried towards the exit. Everybody stared at Magnussen in horror, including John and Mike, and John knew without a doubt that there would definitely be a lot fewer people present next class.
Greg clasped his arm in sympathy. “I know you only want him back safe. Let’s see to it that he does, shall we?”
Hush, hush, dreams come a-creepin
John stepped forward too so that their faces were merely inches away from each other. “Oh no, you’re not. I’ll not let you out of my sight like that again, who knows where you might end up this time!”
Sae smile in your sleep, bonnie baby
“Shhh...don’t talk. I meant what I said. You’re still exhausted. You need more sleep.”
“You misjudged them, “John said, more seriously now. “You thought they would go at each other’s throats.”
*Warning: violence/sexual assault in this chapter
There was nothing else he could do now but wait.
A wave of relief washed over him and he grabbed the bottle of his expensive shampoo as a new kind of motivation took hold of him. It felt really good to massage the silky pine-scented shampoo into his greasy curls, he could almost sense the exhaustion and pain dissipating into thin air as he rubbed and scrubbed at twisted knots of hair all over his scalp. He closed his eyes against the hard spray of water as he rinsed the shampoo out. Then he continued to wash his body thoroughly with generous amounts of soap and shower gel, relishing the heavenly feeling of cleanliness and freshness.
And he nibbled at Sherlock’s ear at the same time that Sherlock could feel something hard pressing against his shirt’s fabric over his stomach. Pressing against his navel and that’s when Sherlock couldn’t take it anymore.
“I will live, I’m sure.”
“Because I know you and you’re not well.”
“S-s-s-so c-c-c-cold, J-John, “he said through chattering teeth, “p-please, I-I n-n-n-need you.”
“J-John?” It was just a whisper, barely audible. “N-need you.” Talking seemed to exhaust Sherlock even more and his head lolled to the side, his eyes pressed shut as if he was in pain.
“You’re not the only one, “John said quickly. “It’s good to see you, Sherlock. I was worried about you.”
“I’d like to see you try.”
. Grinning in triumph he pulled out his pack of cigarettes with only two left (no wonder after that stressful latest case, fuck that nicotine patch) and lit it instantly.
She began to place soft little kisses on his face, his cheeks, his chin, circling his mouth like a shark. His breathing speeded up automatically and he tried to get his face away from hers but could hardly move because of the handcuffs and her arms behind his head. He hissed in pain when she suddenly bit into his lower lip and pulled.
“You know. You’re a bonded Omega. I’m an unmated Alpha. It’s kind of rare for Alphas here on Campus to meet an Omega. So it’s kind of … well, amazing that I get to speak to you.”
If they were to try this, they would both be ‘virgins’, so to speak, and both of them would try this out for the first time, together.
And then he realized. Without moving a muscle in his face, he twisted his fingers a little bit, testing the boundaries of the ropes – and quickly found they were not as tight as he had thought them to be. He wriggled a little more and discovered with shock, that he would be able to free himself within seconds if he wanted to.
“Don’t tease, “he muttered, “it’s a nice skill, you have to admit.”
“Would you mind not locking the door?” John asked cautiously, “just as a precaution, so I can step in if something’s not right. And don’t make the water too hot, alright?”
But this morning they had finally found the crucial clue. The critical information which led them to their murderer. After yet another frantic chase with John and Sherlock in a cab, Lestrade and his men right behind them in their cars, they had managed to corner and eventually arrest their suspect without any casualties. Sherlock had hurled all the frustration of the last few weeks at the completely confused murderer which led to his eventual arrest. He was just so utterly confounded by Sherlock’s rapid wall of accusations and deductions, his mouth hanging open, that he simply didn’t notice Lestrade advancing in on him from the side until it was too late.
“Oh, “John said with a tight smile, “he didn’t like that, did he?”
