“And I thought Loki was crazy.” Bruce said, taking off his glasses to clean them.
“Witness protection is an underfunded and over stretched government program, people fall through the cracks all the time, and accidents happen, gas leaks, car crashes, falls down the stairs.”
They had hitched a ride in a HGV Truck to Nitra, the driver taking them in his cab with only a slight hint of persuasion from Wanda, a little more had him buying them meals along the way so they ate well as they travelled to Nitra.
He wanted to scream, to beat his fists into a wall, to rage at the world and any God that might be listening at the unfairness of this. He wanted to break down into tears and sob against Tony’s sleeping body, to admit how scared he was and that he had no idea what the future now held for them.
“Mamma got funny arm.” Zach said, tapping the cast, “Why?”
Bruce was the flag holder in this version of capture the flag and his purpose was to evade capture by either team, who would have to take him and the flag he had tied about his wrist back to their base, while also fending off attacks from the opposite team.
Okay, maybe that was an exaggeration, but something dressing in comfy clothes and eating comfort food sounded damn good right now.
Since he didn’t’ want Zach to get too cold, Tony insisted that the Central Park trip wait for the following day after Zach had already spent so long out into the snow. Zach whined for a little while but was soon occupied playing with the kittens and drinking hot chocolate, his previous sulk forgotten.
Well Steve knew why, but that didn’t explain why Tony hadn’t told him, why he’d kept this from him.
“He’s perfect.” Steve breathed, laughing and crying at the same time, “And he’s ours!”
“Tony respond.” Steve cried, seeing the too still Iron Man suit on the ground, unmoving, and still not response over the coms. “Cover him!” He yelled, taking out Bots with greater swiftness.
His arm had been amputated at just below the shoulder, the damage had been exacerbated by the car accident and the surgeon had decided it wasn’t worth trying to save it.
He sat squirming through dinner, holding his breath every time the cramping grew worse and the aches griped all the more.
“What?” He asked sounding very put upon, as if recording a video for Youtube was life or death.
“And I am afraid, Mr Osborn. Your Son’s admission to hitting Miss Watson does change matter’s.” One of the school board said, “As Mr Parker Stark, while being overzealous, was defending a friend from an attacker, something that most people would do.”
“What’s there to say?” Tony asked. “Howard turned me into a freak.”
Steve nodded, “That sounds like a plan.” He then paused, thinking about the bed situation, “I err, I’ll take the couch?”
Peter thought for a minute on how best to explain it, “You remember when Amy woke up on the night before her wedding because the Doctor had returned?”
“It should have worked.” Howard said, letting Maria take the baby from him, “He must be weaker than I thought, he shouldn’t be reacting like this.”
“Get him on a drip, cross match for bloods and put a call in for Orthopaedics.” The doctor ordered the nurses and junior doctors, “Do we have an ID for him?”
The two stared at each other for a moment before Steve gave Tony the carnations, three dozen yellow and red carnations, Iron Man colours.
“I’m too young to know about your sex life, but you still talk about it in front of me.”
“Maybe we sent you back to school too soon.” Steve said rubbing Peter’s back, “We should have given you more time to adjust.”
“I remember.” Bucky murmured, wincing at the memory of his blistered feet.
“Huh.” This gave Steve some pause. Stark Manor was beautiful. It was an old building which Howard had extended when he’d bought it, building the extra wings onto the property, one of which, Tony had said, had been used by Ana and Jarvis.
“You’ll tell them yourself, you hear me Tony, you’ll tell them yourself. Come on baby, don’t do this, fight, you are Iron Man remember, you can fight this!”
“Yeah.” Steve huffed looking a little bewildered by how much and how rapidly his life had changed. A few months ago he’d been an isolated, lonely man, displaced in time and unsure if he’d ever find his place in this modern world. Now he was in a loving relationship, had two beautiful boys he thought of as Sons that were treating him as their Father, and had a close knit family of friends around him.
“Of course.”
This was not Rhodey’s only request for romantic advice as Tony dragged him into the lab and put said lab on blackout mode going into a babble about his dating Steve and if it was the right thing to do and if he was getting in over his head, “I’m so much older than him, Rhodey, and I’m so fucked up, I’ve never done this before, the actual dating thing, what if I mess it up, what if he hates me, what if he decides I’m not worth it and moves out of the tower and then goes to the other end of the country or decides to move to Canada and I never see him again, the team will hate me, the Kids will hate me, I can’t let him move to Canada Rhodey, he has to stay here with us!”
Water retention.
“I apologise, Man of Iron.” Thor said shame faced and saddened, “I should have taken greater care in defeating Doom, then you would not have been hurt.”
Tony scowled at him, “I am not malnourished. You’re just biased because your over-grown!”
Tony wasn’t sure what he hated more, the pelvic examination he had endured at the doctors, or Norman Osborn.
“Much better Sir, thank you.” Jarvis replied, “And I believe you will have company in a few moments.”
“Working out in an important part of the Avengers lives so they will be fit and ready to go at a moments notice.”
The Gardens too were in good condition, Tony had employed a gardener since he’d moved back to New York to maintain the grounds. They and the building itself would be perfect for photographs and for a reception, the manor could certainly hold a great number of people as well as wait staff without it being crowded.
“Sure you are. You’re short, therefore you’re a munchkin.”
The whole, Tony included burst into laughter as Steve flushed crimson and began to sputter denials.
As a reward for Peter successfully going back to school since they’d sorted things out with the school board and principal, they had agreed that both MJ and Ned could stay over at the tower Friday and Saturday.
“What is going on?” Clint asked, not really asking Natasha just speaking aloud.
Zach rolled off Tony’s side and lay on the bed staring at his Mamma, he was all pillow creases and bed head making him look twice as adorable as usual.
Once they were in the Tower Steve once again carried Peter, taking him from the car and down to the lab where Bruce had set up a bed as Tony had asked and had a blood testing kit already set up, along with headphones and some Gaviscon to help Peter feel a little more comfortable.
“After three months celibacy I wanna do it all night!”
Tony jolted awake gasping and stared up the white, strobe lit ceiling above him. He was in a bed, he was laying in a bed and he was warm, the last thing he remembered was being cold, being in the base in Siberia.
Zach immediately charged into the room and leaped onto the bed and then on top of Steve, the Super soldier managing to catch the flailing limbs and get him sat on his stomach.
With a gleeful cry Thor followed after him.
“Try me.” Tony’s poker face was way better than Peter’s and the teen quickly gave in,
“Well I do have an island we can go to.” Tony said wincing and touching his swollen face. The face plate might have protected him from serious injury but didn’t stop bruises from forming when he smashed his face against it. After a moment of silence he looked up to see the team staring at him, “What?” He asked.
Peter, like Zach was suspended right now, Tony had his lawyers pushing for readmission at the earliest date possible but the schools were insisting on investigating and reviewing Peter and Zach’s presence in their schools before making decisions.
“Let’s get a few more shells boys and then we’ll head back to camp.” Tony said.
Kovarian took a single step back and lifted the carry cot higher, “If I drop her, her skull will shatter on the ground,” He said, grinning at Vision, “She will die before she is even an hour old, is that what you want?”
His senses have been increased massively, for the first couple of weeks Peter had to wear noise cancelling headphones because the slightest sound was painful to him, he had to wear aviator shades because his eyes were so sensitive that light was blinding, he could only bear the softest of cotton on his skin, eat the blandest of foods, and had to wear a gas mask to breath through because his sense of smell was so strong that he was so overwhelmed he was made sick after just a few seconds without the mask.
Well it wasn’t so fun when you were suffering a headache, nausea, and bloated as hell, especially not when you couldn’t even complain of the symptoms to your shopping partner because no one could know that you were on fertility treatment and it was making you feel so shit.
“Steve, I think…”
Regretful but resigned Tony pushed Steve away and stood up, forcing himself not to chase the taste of Steve’s mouth that lingered on his lips. “We can’t do this.” He said, his voice coming out in a rush of breath. God he hated this, hated saying no, and the look of hurt on Steve’s face was heart breaking, made him want to throw himself onto the Captain and kiss away all traces of that pain, especially since he was the one that had caused it.
“How long Sam?” Bruce asked.
“Bucks ‘n’ grind, have you came to save lil’ ole Deadpool?”
“That sucks.” Peter sighed following Tony as he headed over to the sofa and sat down shooting back onto his feet when something brushed against the back of his legs.
Dressed in a three-piece suit that fitted like a glove, Tony walked into the conference hall of the United Nations and resisted the urge to wet his lips or shudder as he felt every single eye upon himself. All 193 representatives were looking at him as he took the stand.
“Captain.” Rumlow said, “Mr Stark.”
“I’m sorry too.” Tony said setting down the oiling can, “I over reacted, I shouldn’t have.”
“Hey, we didn’t loose!” Clint protested cracking open a beer, “We conceded.”
“I believe several cultures begin teaching their children forms of martial arts from about the age of three. There is no reason that Zach couldn’t learn a form of martial arts; and if Steve isn’t comfortable teaching him, then I am sure you can find a school for children his age.”
“It hasn’t said anything?” Steve asked glaring at the green thing in the cell that didn’t even had the decency to look afraid.
Wanda tilted her chin defiantly as he met the Black Widows gaze, “I had no choice,”
Zach kicked and struggled, screamed, spat, and bit as he was carried into the factory by his capturers.
“I’m getting there.” Tony said, “Its still making my arms hurt but I’ve been assured that as I gain strength in my arms and shoulders the pain will pass.”
“Hey, no throwing food in here, this is a hospital not a zoo.” Tony said picking at his burger, Steve would have been worried, this was Tony’s favourite food, but it seemed even he was losing his taste for it.
“Can you take Mr Stark’s armour back to the tower, please. He will not be requiring it anymore today.”
“We’ll talk about that at some other time.” Tony said wondering if his face was actually on fire, and if Zach would ever grow out of saying things like this in public.
“Witch.” Steve said, Wanda Maximoff, “You think she is involved?”
Steve carefully reached out and slid his free hand under Tony using it to lift him a little so he could free his other arm easier.
“How about you do us both a favour and say nothing?” Pepper suggested, and rolled her eyes as Tony leant forward, burying his face in her neck as he cuddled her, making meeping noises into her neck. “Oh get off me you over grown toddler!”
“A helpful one.” Steve said.
“Think about kicking your sorry arse? Yeah, already got that covered, Captain Sometimes my team mates don’t tell me everything.” He flew around, coming in hot and blasted at Rogers with both gauntles, the shield deflecting the blast but sent Rogers skidding back through the dirt with the force of the energy being released.
Steve lay very still trying to figure out what to do for the best, perhaps he should just lay very still and think horrible thoughts, like Red Skull in a tutu, Hulk with gastric flu, His old Drill Sergeant screeching his lungs out at dawn.
“Aww we should do a group hug.” Deadpool declared, “Get our fantastic family incest on!”
“Umm.”
Peter nodded, “I need to apologise to him.”
An image of Bucky appeared on the screen and Steve tensed, Tony unthinkingly laced his hands through Steve’s offering his support to the Alpha.
She looked up, blinking back her own tears which burned her eyes in empathy for what Tony had withstood over the years. He needed someone to care for him, to love him, to accept him for all that he was, flaws, issues, and all. She had thought that she could be the one to do it, had been willing to accept all the flaws and issues, God knows she had already seen them all while working as his long suffering PA. But she had not taken into account Iron Man coming between them, or her own issues about it and the danger Tony placed himself in.
The host faced the camera and smiled even wider, “Welcome, Ladies and Gentlemen, to a first time ever, exclusive access to, The Avengers Tower, and the Avengers themselves.
Cameras flashed and reporters screamed questions but Stark headed straight into the building, leading his family away from the press, a tall strawberry blonde woman followed just behind him, while talking on her phone.
“Not yet, He’s rebooting, that genius rugrat Harley’s watching over him, so I’ll give him a call. Snarky little sod, I like him.” Tony mused, “Do you think his Mother would mind if I kidnapped him when this is over?”
Steve looked back to the holograph, “It’s amazing.” He said with awe in his voice.
“I have a thought.”
“But he’s right.” Tony said a single tear rolling down his cheek, “Who am I to lecture him on responsibility and respect, when I behave the way I do?” He let out a harsh breath, “This is why I was never going to have children, because I knew I’d be crap at being a Mother.”
“I’ve got to!” Tony cried his face screwed up in pain, he didn’t even protest as Bruce and May lay him down on his back and pushed his legs up and apart to see between his legs.
Steve closed his eyes, partly in relief and partly in resignation to Deadpool’s trade mark inappropriate entrance.
******
“Swings!” Lily cried, jumping up and down,
“TONY!” Steve’s voice suddenly came online and Tony’s heart flipped over, all he could feel was relief, never mind what had happened before, all that mattered now was getting his baby out of this hell hole.
The Doctor’s expression said everything that everyone was dreading, “Mr Stark’s spine was completely severed by the bullet. Our Neurosurgeons did everything they could but were only able to stabilize the spine they could not repair the damage. I am afraid that Mr Stark will be paralysed below the waist.”
He looked now to his friend with new respect for Tony’s strength of will, that fighting spirit that had kept him going. Many would have given up, would have just let themselves die, but he hadn’t, he’d fought on and found a way to escape the Ten Rings, to survive Stane, to have Zach and adopt Peter, he’d created a new element in his basement, fought Hammer and Vanko, now fought of an alien invasion and survived being blown up by a mad mans AI legacy!
Steve hadn’t been able to resist following after Tony. He didn’t want to leave him alone and undefended. So he had gone after Tony and Rogers, staying far enough away so as not to be noticed, but was close enough to hear what was being said. His jaw and fists clenching as Roger’s vitriol grew more heated and hateful, the final straw coming when he heard the unmistakable sound of flesh hitting flesh.
“Pity you didn’t.” Clint growled, “No one would have missed you.”
“Hmm, maybe a couple.” Steve said, “In fact….oh yeah, they are getting tugged there right now, argh, help me, my crotch is out of control, I can’t stop it from jumping your ass.”
“To bed.” Steve said, cutting Tony off before he could say he was going to the lab, he also wrapped an arm about Tony’s shoulder to ensure he couldn’t bolt there and lock himself and disappear into a work binge.
His baseline breathing and heartrate were unchanged, and during activity they were about what they always had been, but his recovery time rivelled Steve’s. His healing had also greatly increased. The small bruises left from where blood was drawn had disappeared within an hour showing just how fast Peter was now healing.
“I uh, I need to apologise to you.” He said as Tony made his way back around his desk and retook his seat, gesturing for Steve to make use of one of the other chairs before the desk,
Steve’s hand suddenly wrapped about Tony’s and he looked into the fiercely protective gaze of his Alpha, “We’re going to fix this.” He said, “Jarvis and Bruce will find a way to neutralize her abilities.”
“Which one of us is Mommy?”
“Oooofffff!”
Tony shrugged, “Practice, and not giving a fuck.” He grinned, “Sam was just teasing, and I really don’t care if they think we’re having sex or not, it doesn’t matter, we’re consenting adults, we’re both single, so why should it be an issue.”
Steve gaped at Tony while Thor rounded on him with an enthusiastic “Aye Captain, we shall spend a night drinking deep of ale and rebounding each other with epic tales of our past loves while we watch fair maidens take their clothes off while swaying to loud music!”
Because you look like death warmed up! Was on the tip of Steve’s tongue but he managed to keep from saying it and chose a more tactful approach, “You’ve lost a lot of weight,” Okay, maybe not that tactful.
Tony, who was carrying Lily in his arms, gazed at Steve with a glare, “I blame you entirely”
Frowning, he took the spoon out of his mouth and helped himself to another spoonful of Ben and Jerry’s. “If I can make contact with Jarvis I can find out where the Wings are being stored, then it’ll just be a matter of breaking them out of the facility.” He shrugged, “It’ll piss off the military, but I don’t give a fuck, that’s what Honeybear is for.”
The lift opened onto the penthouse floor where Pepper and Tony were engaging in argument, or rather Pepper was trying to make Tony see how absurd his plans were.
“Shall I fetch Captain Rogers?” Jarvis asked,
“Please, sweetheart. We just need your Mamma to do something for us and then we’ll let you go.” She said, “Please just calm down and I promise all of this will be over soon.”
“Mostly to let you know about Project Insight, but also, we have weeded out several probable Hydra agents within Shield, and, more worryingly, in the US Government.”
“I’m not sure Boss, there is a video though.”
“Stop it, stop it, stop it!” Tony howled, clawing his own skin, his nails sunk so deep into the flesh that they left deep bloody tracks, alarming Steve into grabbing Tony’s wrists to stop him from doing himself anymore damage.
“Think we brought enough food?” Steve asked looking at the cooler and multiple bags of food that didn’t require refrigeration. In the cooler was fresh meat for that night, some choice cuts of steak that he was looking forward to cooking up, there was also burger patties, cheese, potato salad, and coleslaw.
Zachary Stark’s kidnap.
“It’s cool,” Clint said shrugging, “I just wanted to….make sure everyone had a good time.” As the oven pinged he went and got the brownies out of the oven and left them to cool on the side to have later with ice cream. When he got back Natasha handed him a bowl of spaghetti bolognaise that also had chilli in it and two slices of French Toast on top.
“Stay safe.” Steve said, “Hydra are very dangerous, do not take any chances.”
He practised firing the web fluid at walls and the ceiling, using it to climb and to swing from it so he could become comfortably doing so. He then began to shoot it at random objects, when he had his aim down on stationary targets he moved onto moving targets.
Pepper’s voice startled him out of his thoughts and he looked at her, “You’ve got a dopey smile on your face and you’re holding your stomach.”
Sam rose as soon as they came into the kitchen looking uncertain as to what he should do.
“Well they have to consider if it is practical for them to become more than friends, if it will impact on their lives negatively.” Zach’s frown showed he wasn’t understanding, Bruce sighed and decided to try and make it as simple as possible.
Steve sighed, “Well I suppose it depends on the situation and the parents. Grounding a kid is a common method of punishment, usually it involves them not being allowed to go out with their friends for a period of time, and not leaving home except to go to school or to necessary appointments like to a Doctors or something.” Steve explained, “In Peter’s case at the moment he’s not going out with his friends anyway because of his senses still being so high, but we still need to discipline him for his actions. Not letting him have full internet access and having him stay in his room for a week except for meals will achieve this.” Steve didn’t want to go into all the details of how parents disciplined their children, how in his day it was considered perfectly acceptable for a child to be caned or beaten with a belt, even teachers caned children back then and no one thought anything of it. Spanking a child’s backside had been acceptable for a long time too and some considered a light tap on the backside to be an acceptable form of punishment, while others used such things as a Naughty Step or Naughty Corner where the child went for time out.
Tony inhaled deeply and his eyes shone brightly as tears came into them, “What did I do to deserve you?” He asked,
They kept the conversation on “Safe” subjects as they rode up in the glass lift, Natasha asking how Peter was doing back in school since the battle of New York, how Zach was doing, if he’d gotten over his chicken pox. What Bruce was up to, just general talk so if anyone was listening, (Which they probably were) They would not be alarmed.
“Great.” Peter said, “I’m getting closer.” He paused at the top of a tree and looked out over the park spotting a dark shape moving through the shadows. MJ, “I see her.” He said and leaped down from his perch.
“Don’t you dare drop me,” he warned,
“Fuck me, rich people pay that much to eat so little?” Clint seemed disgusted at that.
“Non taken Doctor Banner.” Steve replied, “I’m afraid you’re not mine either.”
Steve was dressed in a light blue/grey suit, with a royal blue shirt, a grey tie that had a patten in blue over it, and a grey pocket handkerchief. He’d also been given a rolex to wear and a Saint Michael tie pin in gold.
“No, I am saying that he should not have the Iron Man weapon at all. It belongs in the hands of those capable of handling such a responsibility, which Stark, clearly cannot.”
Zach punched at the chest plate and kicked his legs screaming angrily for Jarvis to take him back to Tony.
“So? Why should that be a reason not to dance? Why spend his life alone because one lost love?” Steve asked, frowning, “I know how much losing someone you love hurts, but, as cliché as it sounds, life goes on.”
“You hit him, I saw you do it!”
“Thanks,” He said, screwing the tissues into a ball,
“No one is coming for you.” Doctor Curien said getting a pair of bone cutters ready to cut through Peter’s ribs, “Not in time to save you anyway.”
“Keeping an eye on the Avengers, most especially Stark.”
While a modernist Howard had taken effort to ensure that the wings of the house were kept in the same Brownstone style as the rest of the manor so the architecture wouldn’t clash. Really, unless one knew that Howard had added on to the original property then one would think that the manor had always had the two wings.
“Come on Stellina, that’s enough of that.” Tony said sitting down on the bed and placed his hand on Zach’s back.
“Did you custom your chair to be in Iron Man colours?”
“They’ll be in D.C. Fury decided to call his pet freaks in for a chat. Which gives us perfect opportunity to strike and kill two birds with one stone.” The handler paused and snorted, “Well three actually and maybe more. But the deaths of Stark and Rogers at the hands of an unknown terrorist will be just the final push the UN and the world governments will need to launch project insight. The loss of their beloved superheroes will terrify the world so very much that they will hand over their freedom without a second thought.” He smiled happily, “Then, there will just be a few loose ends to tie up, Fury, Romanoff, Barton, anyone else who can’t toe the line.” He slapped the Assets flesh shoulder, “Keeps you busy, eh, big guy, anything to stay out of the freezer eh?”
“The entire world knows what you did to Peter Parker Stark, what you did to those other poor bastards in that factory, you’ll be lucky if you live long enough to make it to trial.”
Just over seven hours into Tony’s surgery and Sam reported that Pepper, Happy, and the boys were in Germany and would be in Prague in three hours or so, they were just waiting for the plane to be refuelled before they flew on.
Tony smiled, “You made a huge step towards that today, you came for us and saved us.”
“I’ll make sure he’s on time.” Steve assured Pepper.
“If he goes on like this for another day they’ll have to sedate him and fit him with a feeding tube and an IV or he’ll become dehydrated and malnourished.” The Doctor sighed.
The lift pinged and Steve shook the thoughts from his head. He couldn’t risk walking into Tony’s office sporting a boner, he’d never hear the end of it.
“Because they want me to be Spiderman and web them up and….” Peter didn’t finish the sentence, it was too traumatizing.
“Aristocats?” Zach asked.
As it was Bucky went with them to the hotel without complaint, sticking to Tony’s side like glue.
“I meant you!” Natasha said with a smirk, at Wanda’s frown she promised to explain later.
Zach let out a cry of delight at his Mother’s voice, turning his head to see Tony, bloody, sweaty, and filthy dirty, aiming a gauntlet at Killian.
“No.” Curien said, “What they both hate is not being able to control super soldiers, vigilantes, superheroes and mutants. They fear being powerless against you people, being undermined. Now if they could control super soldiers and mutants, have say an army of them at their beck and call, ready to do their every whim….” He trailed off with a small smile, as Tony and Steve quickly cottoned on to what he was saying.
Zach was naturally over excited, he’d started to become more enthusiastic about Christmas since his third year as he was really able to understand what was happening. He insisted that they get a Christmas tree and put decorations up all over the penthouse, which meant that the penthouse became covered in gaudy shiny snow flakes and lanterns, tinsel and a multitude of fairy lights, which Tony put up while sitting on Steve’s shoulders, this was a thoroughly enjoyable experience for Steve as he got to enjoy Tony’s thighs wrapped about his face for a good hour.
Steve’s face turned crimson while Tony looked like he was either going to have an embolism or murder Deadpool.
“Whoever made these things needs shooting.” Clint grumbled. He scowled at Tony, “Did you jusy purchase the most complicated tents ever made just to torment us?”
“Best get her some breakfast then,” Tony said, sliding off the bed, he staggered towards the door, uncoordinated and disoriented with his half asleep state, something that Steve suspected would not change until he’d downed a gallon of coffee, God knows his Tony had never been able to function without drinking pounds of coffee every day, his blood content had to have been at least three parts coffee!
The memories came back after a few seconds, all of them, Loki, the Chitauri, the strange latter from his future self.
“But the rest of it, hallucinations, sleep walking, how long has that been going on?”
“Like what?”
“Alright, thank you.” Steve said,
“I am not committed indecent acts with you in a public place.” Steve said.
“No.” Steve said taking hold of Tony and lifted him up so they were looking eye to eye, “You have nothing to be sorry for, baby, this is not your fault. You have done nothing wrong.”
“OHMYGOD!” Ned yelled jumping to his feet, his food falling to the grass as he watched, stunned, as his normally calm and collected friend tackled Harry Osborn to the ground and started punching him in the face.
Steve was filmed lifting a bell bar with Tony, Zach, and Peter hanging off the bar, there was also filming of Steve doing push ups with Zach sat between his shoulders giggling as Peter counted the reps for Steve.
The team were gathered in the common area. Natasha had told Wanda that Steve had a morning training session planned which the Sokovian had believed without hesitation, she didn’t realize anything was wrong until she saw Tony at Steve’s side.
The world may have changed but he hadn’t, as far as he was concerned no Omega or Beta woman was fit to handle business, high finance, or anything more complicated than nursing their litter. It didn’t matter how intelligent Tony was, how astonished the world were by his rapid progress, all Howard saw was a weak, dependant Omega whom he needed to have secured to an Alpha he could trust so he could make sure SI would be safe.
“Yes.” Tony said drawing out the word, “A tentative yes,” He glanced over his shoulder, “Jarvis schedule me an appointment with my Doctor for a pelvic exam and blood work.”
Peter tried the lab door, it was locked of course, a biometric lock was in place with a palm scanner and a retinal scanner. “Paranoid much.” Peter muttered, the moan came again and he pressed his face up against the glass trying to see inside the second room, but it was too dark in there.
*****
As they signed out of the hospital Tony braced himself, there was a great deal of press waiting outside to get the first photos of him in a wheelchair and leaving the hospital. They had tried to keep his release date a secret but someone had blabbed and the media had gathered with the cameras and microphones.
“Which is why I can’t risk you being found and telling anyone anything.”
“Crippling him isn’t enough.” She said sending a little of her suggestive magic into her brother, not enough to control him, just enough to sway him to her way of thinking, “He might not be able to walk but he’s rich, he can still live in luxury, be waited on by others, be bathed by others, he probably doesn’t even care he can’t walk, he can pay people to carry him.”
“Of course we will, thank you!” Peter wrapped his arms around Tony a little too vigorously and it took everything Tony had not to yelp in pain.
All three men turned and gazed in shock as a dishevelled James Buchanan Barnes approached them, he stopped three feet away from them, his shoulders hunched and a frightened look in his eyes as he shifted on his feet.
Fury narrow his eye at the genius looking like he was ready to string Tony up by toes and go over Shield protocol in nauseating detail, or something equally as painful, however he did send Maria out for the drink and food order so at least Tony was getting feed and watered.
“Like Uncle Clint!”
“I’m losing my mind,” he whispered, “I’m going mad.”
“We’ll head back to Shield and start gathering intel.” Natasha said, “We’ll alert Fury too, let him know whats going on.”
“I know there is something wrong Pete.” Steve said, “I think I can guess what it is too.”
“You could,” The detective agreed, “That is your prerogative, but I think you will find your time and energy better spent elsewhere. Our bringing down Osborn would be beneficial to your case against him would it not?”
“They also think its cool that Peter kicked the shi….er stuffing out of Harry.” Ned said blushing because he’d nearly sworn in front of Captain America! “The whole school thinks he’s badass now.”
Fury nodded in understanding, “I’ll see it’s done.” He said, “And I’ll be in touch if and when your services are required. Say hi to your kids for me.” Tony tipped him a mock salute, pausing when Fury called back to him,
Bruce shifted in his seat looking uncertain, “What if I….have an incident?” This was a risk, when Bruce felt stress of anxious it was harder to keep Hulk under control. If he were being filmed then he would be on edge and if something happened to make him jump then there was a real chance that Hulk might come out. If that happened there was a risk that Hulk might lash out at the camera crew, risking injuring or possibly killing them.
“Howard Stark’s journal, or one of them.” Natasha said, helping herself to Steve’s sandwich and finding it more palatable than his cake. “It’s from the time when Tony was born and covers his experiment upon him.”
“And you never will be,” Steve said, “I promise.”
With the boys at school the team met for their first official team briefing since before the debacle with Osborn, whom they still had no trace of.
Steve might not know Tony that well yet, but from what he’d seen of him so far he knew Tony’s genius far exceeded Howard’s, one could say that Tony had the benefit of better technology to work with, but that was only half the story as he invented technology so he could create, where Howard had relied on others to build so he could develop from there.
The Avengers had fought to very end, all the heroes had. Laying down their lives side by side with the military to try and defeat Thanos and his overwhelming forces.
Rhodey had imprisoned the Skrull with Vision’s help in a state of the art cell where it remained until the Avengers arrived to get information out of it on where Tony was.
The lab coat did indeed fit and the voluminous folds of it concealed his bump when he had his hands in the pockets, in one of which he found the locker key. Lastly he took the Doctors shoes and once he had them on he heaved himself back onto his feet and began the arduous task of making his way through the Hydra base.
For all that Obie had been an evil bastard, he had not been abusive to Tony sexually, nor physically until the end, his abuse had been more subtle, verbal and emotional, using manipulation rather than his fists to get what he wanted.
“I promise.” Tony said swallowed down the painful lump that had risen in his throat, “Give him a big kiss from me when he wakes up again and tell him I’ll be home with Zach soon.” He inhaled sharply, “I love you Steve.” Quickly he disconnected the call and spent several minutes breathing heavily and fighting off another anxiety attack before he called Harley and a recovering Jarvis.
“Steef, you an Mamma fighted Hydah?” Zach asked, “Tell me ‘bout it, tell story?”
“Dude, TMI!” Clint protested, “What you and our fearless leader get up between the sheets is not a mental image I need.”
“You’re trying to be pregnant?”
“Yes…YES!” Tony shocked Vision by throwing his arms about him and kissing him on the face, “God I love you, you genius brain child!”
*****
“Yeah he’s completely recovered.” Tony said, “He still gets the odd nightmare, but otherwise he’s much better.”
Tony shrugged, making Lily giggle at the motion, encouraging him to start bouncing her which brought out a peal of giggles. “Trying to hide this, or put a spin on this will only come back to bite us in the arse sooner or later. If we tell the world straight away then we show that we have nothing to hide and the world is far more likely to accept Steve and Lily-bee!”
“Worthless whore.” Steve snarled,
Zach had been staring at the TV too, he’d seen it all just like he and Peter had.
While not technically his daughter, Tony was acting as if she was. Once he’d gotten over his uncertainty about handling her, he had taken to her like a duck to water, hardly wanting to put her down, happily changing her nappies once Steve had shown him how it was done, having Friday download all the information there was on caring for children, child development, and Fatherhood.
“Captain.” The Omega curtly replied as Natasha brought the jet in to land.
“Frankly, with having you people around, I can not blame Tony for walking out on you, in fact I’m amazed he hasn’t thrown you all on the streets! I know if people living off my dime were showing me such hostility and disrespect I would turn them out with only the clothes on their back!” He surveyed the Avengers with utter disgust on his face, “I had hoped that I would find the same family I knew back in my world, but it seems that family does not exist here, nor ever will.”
“Because you do not seem yourself.” Steve said, reaching around Tony and taking his hands from the suits wires so he could turn him around, “You haven’t been yourself since we began speaking about Mothers.” He kissed Tony’s forehead and hooked a finger under his chin so they were looking at each-other, “Won’t you tell me what’s wrong?”
“So did I.” MJ said with a shrug.
This had Tony alert and jumping up and out of bed in a moment. Throwing open draws to find some tracksuit bottoms and a T-shirt to throw on.
The Iron is hot for the Captain.
"Hmm, maybe torture could soften such resolve?" Steve mused, pausing in his thrusts and concentrated on tormenting Tony's cock, "How long can you hold out against such wicked acts being used against you. Won't your resolve break when you are treated to torments?"
“I know.” Peter whispered, he sniffed and felt his chest twinge, glancing down he shuddered when he saw the bandages, he’d hoped the vivisection had been a nightmare.
“I’d ask how you are but I think I can guess.” The Omega said, grabbing a second cup and putting a tea bag into it, “Get the honey from the cupboard will you?”
If Tony had to restrict Zach from being in the Lab, which he may well have to as there were too many chemicals and tools that could do serious harm to a curious pup, then he was going to need someone to watch him while he was working, and unless he hired a Nanny to keep an eye on Zach, then Kindergarten was the only alternative.
“Us?” Steve looked confused, “Why would we be involved in politics?”
“Brace yourself Mr Stark this may be a rough endeavour with a possibility of hard blow back.”
Peter opened his mouth then closed it, “Let’s see how they look.” He said.
Zach giggled at the sight and looked at Steve, who was on his side, one of his arms protectively wrapped about Zach’s waist and his face was relaxed and peaceful.
In spite of himself and the situation Steve smiled slightly, no matter what the situation, the danger, the risk, this team would stand together, a family in all but blood ready to kill or die to defend their own.
New York
“I’m getting lawyers prepared to fight if necessary, but even with a vast fortune at your disposal, fighting Social Services isn’t easy.” Pepper said running a hand over her forehead and smoothed it over her scalp, carefully so she didn’t mess her hair, “It’ll destroy Tony to loose the kids.”
“You don’t think we should go to Tennessee?” Bruce asked the two agents. Natasha shook her head.
"Sorry." Peter said.
Tony himself was injured, he has a concussion and smoke inhalation but is expected to make a full recovery.
He may have gone a little (Completely) crazy on the nursery, creating a zoo of stuffed toys, along with a rocking horse, rocking chair, custom built crib, and of course a changing station. He even hired artists to come in and paint the walls in murals of a tropical rain forest, with a bright sun, sky and clouds on the ceiling, and built a nightlight for the baby that would have the milky way dancing over the walls and ceiling.
“Yes we can.” Steve agreed, sitting forward so he could kiss Tony’s lips, “So long as we communicate and work together.”
Bruce cursed beneath his breath and looked to Thor, “The medical cabinet to your right, it has prefilled morphine hypos, get one out and give Tony a shot to the thigh.” He instructed. He then remembered that Thor hadn’t washed his hands but before he could tell him the God did so before getting the hypo.
Really he was so lucky in his parents, Tony had taken him in when he had no real reason to do so, especially considering he’d already got a baby of his own to raise without taking on someone else’s kid. Steve had no reason to be a Father towards Peter or Zach for that matter, but he was happily stepping into the roll of Father for them both.
*****
“Uh huh, Steeff cook good, and For juggled eggs!”
Tony knocked on Zach’s door and winced as his son yelled at him to go away saying he hated him.
Seeing this Tony, displaying the same kind of self-conscious uncertainty as his Tony had during those horrid weeks, made Steve want to offer the same comfort he had his Tony. But he couldn’t do that, this was not his Tony, so far as he knew, this Tony had no interest in men, could be in a relationship with someone else. So, instead of going over to Tony and wrapping his arms about him as he longed to do, Steve offered a warm smile,
Tony shook his head and gave Steve a world weary look. “I don’t know what you’re Tony was like, but I… I wasn’t always a good man. I made weapons of mass destruction, as well as missiles, guns, and hard wear. Those weapons fell into the hands of terrorists because I was too busy being drunk or sky high on friggin’ coke, to notice that Stane was selling under the table. Those weapons have been used to kill millions, I have the blood of millions of my hands, and now I am going to stand before the United Nations and make a case for the creation of the ultimate weapons of mass destruction and for them to trust me as a responsible person.” He let out a scoff, “Its like an alcoholic asking for the keys to a brewery!”
“Yeah,” Tony panted, swiping at his face, brushing away tears before Steve could see them. He fixed a watery smile on his face and turned to the concerned Captain, “Sorry about walking out. I didn’t mean to abandon you.”
Tony pulled a face, “I have a name but I don’t think you’ll like it.”
This meant that Tony didn’t constantly get Zach leaping on top of him at the ass crack of dawn every day. It also meant that Zach did not constantly get to see things he wasn’t supposed to in the form of “Adult activities”
“He’ll have a thick ear in a minute.” The spat on man snarled, he pulled back his arm ready to strike Zach but Maya caught it before the blow could fall.
He was being arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm, unlawful imprisonment, financing illegal experiments, and human experimentation.
“We’ve got to get home in one piece first.”
“You don’t get to talk about my Aunt, Stark.” Sharon snapped at the Billionaire, “Not when you haven’t visited her in five years.”
“Always Mamma.” Peter said looking at Tony’s reddened face which would be blackening soon with bruising.
“You’re leaving?” Harley asked looking through the window to Tony, “What about Iron Man and Jarvis?”
“Change position we’ll get them from the back!” Zach cried running around the work stations with Dumm-E trundling after him and beeping loudly.
Steve had had enough, pushing Tony aside he punched the screen before them cracking it and for a moment Zola disappeared only to reappear again, “As I was saying, your failure to save James Buchanan Barnes provided Hydra with a super soldier of their own, one whom we could shape and hone for our purpose, and ironically, the method that preserved yourself was also used to preserve him. Just think of it Captain, your best friend, now in league with your greatest enemies.”
“We do bossman and Vision had uploaded his, just waiting for yours and the weapons can be used.”
On the edge…? Steve bolted out of bed and through the penthouse, running out onto the balcony and the landing pad, his blood running cold when he saw Tony standing right on the edge, his toes actually hanging over the edge and his body swaying back and forth.
“Yes, the gooiest sweetest chocolate cake ever.” Tony promised him, “And I’ll bet that Uncle Happy will make you pancakes every morning if you ask him nicely.”
“It’s fine by me.” Tony said getting himself another coffee. He set it down on the counter and took a seat, running his hand through his hair. “He’s asking about his Father, he’s getting curious about him.”
“Oh, do I get any hints?” Pepper asked,
Happily Zach did as she said, running at top speed into the school eager to get to class and start his first lesson.
“Wrestling?” Thor asked as he attempted to draw a bilgesnipe so Zach would know what they looked like.
“And you have?” Tony shot back, “I stay away because she doesn’t remember me anymore. When she see’s me she thinks I’m Howard and start’s screaming at me for something he did, or something he didn’t do, and her getting upset is bad for her blood pressure and heart. It’s better if I stay away and remember the woman that she was than risk causing her to have another stroke.” He leaned forward, gripping hold of the seats and bared his teeth at Sharon, “What’s your excuse?” He hissed at her.
“If you want something, take it, although the guns aren’t real, those wankers wouldn’t trust me with a real one.” The man said gesturing around at the dilapidated room. “Do you fancy either of the birds, no wait, you’re an Omega and their Betas, although now we’re all politically correct I suppose that an armed robber could be gay…”
“Okay now?”
“Yes, I think she would.” Steve said sounding amused, however the amusement was short lived as it only reminded them both of Zach and what he may be going through.
“He can speak however he chooses, Miss Maximoff.” Vision coolly said. “Now please, stand down, I do not want to have to restrain you.”
“I don’t know. My hack was discovered and I had to cut the connection, I haven’t been able to get back in since then.”
“Like Gollum and the ring.” Tony said, then in a low voice, “My Preciousssss.”
“To Osborn? He’ll be investigated by the police and go to prison for a very long time.” Steve said, choosing to ignore Tony’s vow that if he got to Osborn first then the police wouldn’t have time to arrest him.
Zach enthusiastically told everyone about his day at school while shovelling Bruce’s jambalaya into his mouth with almost alarming speed, he was definitely heading towards a growth spurt if his increased appetite was anything to go by.
The shit really hit the fan after that, while Tony hadn’t meant to get involved with the fighting, he ended up having to do so anyway and had to make a made dash to catch Sam whose wings had been damaged and was free falling to the ground, sadly the third ship got into the air and worse still, Steve was on board fighting the Winter soldier.
Tony shook his head, “She didn’t like that Peggy was close to me, or that her parents consulted with me over residential care for Peggy when her condition became too severe for them to handle caring for her at home. She felt that it was a betrayal that they put her in a home instead of caring for her themselves, even though they weren’t remotely qualified to do so, and Peggy was becoming a danger to herself.” At Steve’s look of alarm Tony quickly went on, “She’d go out for walks and forget where she was and what she was doing, the Police brought her back more than once, and she was mugged by some asshole who took advantage of her. She also set fire the kitchen by accident, she forgot that she’d left the oven on, thankfully a neighbour saw the smoke and alerted the fire department, but it could have been very serious.”
“Tony! How do you feel about all this?” Christine cried to the rather bewildered Billionaire. He hadn’t expected Steve to reveal so much, certainly not about his sexual orientation and he was rather taken aback by the way that Steve had subtly called his counter part a homophobe in front of the worlds media, which would undoubtedly cause a backlash for the Avengers to deal with.
“A man took her, a man with an eye patch, Commander Kovarian the Doctor called him.”
The laughter that exploded around him had Tony laying his head back down and closing his eyes in the desperate hope that he was imagining things.
“Peter.” The boy said looking up, his eyes widening, “You’re Iron Man!”
“Yeah, Sam, we’ve got a situation here. Rogers and his merry band of fuckwits have shown up…”
“That does not excuse plot holes that are as wide as the grand canyon and a blatant disregard of the laws of physics.” Tony said.
Part of Tony wanted to just pack the boys and Steve up and take off for his island and hide out there for the rest of their lives, away from all of this bullshit.
“What stuff, what’s this about?” Peter asked, he pushed himself up into a more upright position, wincing as Espresso’s claws sunk into his thigh and protested against the movement.
“is that any way to greet your best friend? And I happen to have a few days leave, I thought I’d swing by here before I go and see my mother.” Rhodey replied, crouching down and spread his arms wide to receive Zach in them, “And what have you been doing my little pancake?” he asked sweeping Zach up and groaned, “You are twice as heavy as I remember, what are they feeding you, you are going to be a giant!”
Tony flicked the letter, “You’re older self says we should.” A yawn struck him, “But not tonight, we’re both tired, I can’t leave the kids, not after today. We’ll go when we’ve rested.”
Gritting his teeth, Rogers picked his way through the couples dancing until he reached Tony and Steve, just as the music ended and people stopped dancing to clap.
While they could not actually see his face, both Tony and Steve could tell that Deadpool was smiling beneath his mask, as he leered at Tony, apparently indifferent to the glares that the Billionaire was giving him.
“Yeah but the cars only went at like twenty mph back then, my baby does zero to sixty in like half a second, there is no way your ancient self can handle that.” Tony teased, nudging at Steve like a pre-pubescent tormenting a friend.
“Can’t!” Tony rasped, there was the sound of metal clanging and stumbling and Tony fell to the ground his breathing getting worse.
“Steve,” Tony said, taking hold of his wrist, Steve glanced back at him, his jaw tense with anger for his mate. Letting out a loud breath through his nose, Steve nodded and sat back down.
“Understood.” Steve said, “And umm, do you have any advice?”
“We’ll get them back.” Sam said, “Nat and Clint will break that Skrull and get it to tell us what we need to know, then we’ll go and get Tony and your baby and bring them safely home.”
He hated Pietro for shooting and crippling Tony, but Wanda….he was going to kill her, screw neutralizing her powers, he was going to kill the bitch for what she had done and was still doing to his Omega.
Before Tony could get to Steve to help the ship went down, with both super soldiers on board.
Tony and Steve parted ways in the lift, sharing several lingering kisses before they headed to their own floors and to bed.
“The Arc Reactor compresses my lungs, I only eighty percent lung capacity.” Tony explained, coughing and gulping in air, “You’re on top of me. With a lot of weight on you.” Which was compressing Tony’s chest all the more making it harder for him to breathe.
“A jail cell would be better.” Tony grunted finally looking back to the detective.
“Okay Mamma, I’ve got to go now, but I’ll be back tomorrow.” Peter said squeezing Tony’s hand, “You have a good sleep, and we’ll see you in a few hours.”
“No! I don’t wanna go, I don’t wanna go, I won’t go, you can’t make me go!” Zach yelled at the top of his lungs. His little face was bright red and his brows were knitted into an angry scowl as he stamped his feet and balled his fists as if he were getting ready for a fight.
Zach hiccupped and nodded, “Theres a boy at school, his Dad’s in a wheelchair, he says that they still play together and his Dad plays basketball and goes swimming with him and they even went snow boarding.”
“They are called limbs.” Bruce said as he joined them, “And they have tiny feet on them which they use to move around with.”
“Right.” Happy agreed with a smile, “Well, what wasn’t know up until recently, was that they hadn’t been destroyed back in the forties but had gone into hiding. You Mamma and the Avengers have been working to expose them and destroy them for good. But it seems that Hydra have decided to strike first.”
Zach didn’t answer Steve, he just buried his face into Tony’s chest and curled his legs up refusing to look up at Steve or Peter.
“Are you going to sleep on me?” she asked, when she heard a snuffle beside her ear, Tony didn’t respond, instead he snuggled further into her and breathed out deeply, his body going limp and boneless. “Perfect.” Pepper sighed, she shook her head and carefully eased Tony off her shoulder and lay him down on the sofa, placing a throw pillow under his head so his neck wouldn’t get stiff, and grabbed a blanket from the back of the sofa to lay over him.
At Two pm dinner was served, without any major culinary disasters and soon the dishes were brought in and plates were loaded with meat, vegetables and condiments, crackers were pulled and stupid jokes were read out followed by groans and paper crowns were put on heads as everyone enjoyed their dinner.
“Very good Sir.” Jarvis replied as the boot repulsors powdered up and the suit was in flight once again, leaving Tony to face Killian with his single repulsor.
“That could suffocate him.” Maya protested, as she tried to comfort Zach and get him to calm down.
“Are you insane?” Peter squarked opening the door to stare at Ned whom MJ slapped upside the head.
With his cheeks blushing a little thanks to the scrutiny this brought him Pete quickly gathered up his bag and jacket and headed for the school office where the principal was waiting and welcomed him into the office.
“Well hello.” Steve said with a smile, he leaned down and offered the boy his hands to pull himself up, “And who are you?”
“Good.” Rhodey said tipping his head back and closing his eyes, he could go to his own room to sleep but moving right now seemed like far too much effort, “With any luck we’ll have the answer we want and we can go home.”
The second was a blonde alpha. Rogers. There was something about him that was familiar to the Asset, something in the back of his mind that he just couldn’t quite grasp, like the fading remnants of a dream, he knew it was there but he just couldn’t recall it.
“Don’t blame yourself for this, love.” Steve said rubbing Tony’s back, “This isn’t your fault.”
Screaming like a little girl, Clint and tumbled out of the vents and landed on his ass, disoriented and confused, which became embarrassed when a video of the whole thing was played on every TV, Phone, and Tablet owned by the team. Tony had set up a mini camera on the Dalek so it recorded everything.
“Well I’m having a party on Saturday.” She said, “I was wondering if you wanted to come.”
“Buckets, sponges, kitchen roll, dust pans, brushes, MOVE!” Tony barked in a voice that would have made Steve’s old drill sergeant proud, the old bastard would have also appreciated how Thor, Rhodes, Peter, and Zach all leapt to it, scuttling off to undo their damage without argument.
The discussion regarding Pups was never raised, Obie didn’t want them and Tony, well, despite his intentions not to become dependant knew he drank too much to be healthy, he wouldn’t be a good Mother, and so he kept up with contraceptives, taking after heat pills and using a douche to make sure he didn’t conceive.
“Chickenpox, that’s all?” Tony asked incredulous. He’d forgotten that Peter had said that several of his classmates younger siblings had gone down with chickenpox after there had been an outbreak at the pre-school, the majority of the kids that were Peter’s age had already had it, Peter included, but it seemed that he had passed the bug onto Zach who was now suffering the childhood illness.
Natasha would then be nearby, her legs a mangled ruin beneath her crumpled body, her intestines spilling out over her ruined thighs.
“I don’t think there are “Right hands” for this, Madame. We are speaking of the most powerful weapon to ever be created. Only a saint could be considered really fit to have full control of such a device. But sadly there are no saints, only us humans, so we’ll have to make do with what we have got.”
“DEADPOOL!” Tony shrieked, “He’s a raving lunatic, a deranged, demented, psychopath, who dresses like a garish sex doll, never stops talking, and has a habit of skewering people!”
“Oh.” Tony said, “I thought you were going to ask if you could drive the Ferrari to school or something.”
“Do you want to?”
“Doesn’t mean I don’t want you with me.”
But you were more than that.
“So you’re choosing him over me.”
Would they ever fight side by side again?  Or were they destined to be enemies now?
“Soon, I guess.  If you want me to come back.”
okay?”
“The last one was a little too… ostentatious, I think.”
“Me too.”  Releasing Steve’s hand, he turned towards where his suit was waiting.  As he was stepping into it, he heard words.  Three of them.
“You and I have absolutely nothing to talk about.”
The world stopped turning.
.  I was merely enthusiastic over what was happening.”
“But we do, Tony.  I want to explain what –.”
It’s weird, you know?
Steve.
He’d struck him.  Not once, but dozens of times.  A hundred times.  They’d both been bloody messes by the time the battle had ended, and even after all of that, they’d been fighting.  Almost hating.
When nights had been dark and he had been alone, he had thought about Captain America.  About the two of them tangled in the sheets of his bed, hips thrusting and sweat beading on their skin.
“No.  Don’t worry about it.  It was nothing.”
Swallowing, Steve didn’t know where to look all of a sudden.  Another tear ran down his cheek, but he pretended it was seawater.  “Promise?”
he thought.
They’d given in.
“I know you do,” he said softly, almost inaudibly.  He wanted to say it back.  But he couldn’t.  Not immediately.  He held out his hand behind him, and a few seconds later, felt Steve’s fingers curling around his.  Turning around, he wrapped his arms around him.  His Captain.
Difficult.  That was one way of looking at it.
“It was amazing,” countered Tony.  He rolled over, getting a full view of Steve silhouetted against the sunset.  Suppressing a groan as he got out of bed, he slowly walked towards where Steve was.  “Are you okay with what happened today?”
Tony nodded.  He could still feel Steve inside him.  He’d been big.  Part of him had wanted to ask whether it was natural or a result of the serum he’d been given, but it hadn’t seemed appropriate, so he’d kept quiet about it.
And now it was over.
“I didn’t mean to kiss you.”
“I’ve had worse, and you know it.”
He closed his eyes.
“There was no plan,” said Tony quickly.  “I didn’t plan this.  It just happened.”
The kid is gone. He didn’t want to go. He was clinging to me... he was so scared, Steve, and there was nothing I could do. I wanted to help him, but I couldn’t.
Thought about it.  Maybe.
Steve watched him going, looking at his footprints on the fine sand.
“I wasn’t
“You made your choice, now you can live with it.”  He ventured deeper into the cave, reaching the boulder and leaning on it.  It was a sturdy one, something steady that he could count on at that exact moment.
How did it come to this? How did we lose everything?
Was Steve rejecting him?
At that statement, Steve burst into laughter.  A hell of a workout.  “Yes,” he said.  “I suppose it is.  It’s also…”
Did you make it?
life!  I wanted to
He’d had sex with Steve Rogers.  With Captain America.  His friend.  Someone he…
“You didn’t mean to kiss me,” repeated Steve, swallowing.  “What did you mean to do?”
Please be alive.
I don’t know what I’ll do if you didn’t make it.
Please come back to us. To me.
“You’re asking me whether I want to have a relationship with you.”  He looked into Tony’s eyes.  “Is that what you would like?  You want me to be your boyfriend?  How are we going to explain it to the others?”
“I don’t have a lot of friends,” he said to the sand.  “Most people like me because I’m rich and because they want something from me.  But you… I thought you were my friend for real.  Forever.  You chose Bucky over me, the man who killed my parents, and you did it so
“Why are you here then?”
“I don’t need an explanation from you.  Just go, be with your friend, since he means that much to you.”
“Sex.”
“Unreal.  I’m about to enter into a secret sexual affair with Tony Stark.  With Iron Man.”
“What a disappointment you turned out to be.”
A thrill ran through Steve’s spine.  A secret relationship?  “You’re devious,” he said, placing his hand on the small of Tony’s back.  “You want us to have a torrid affair and not tell anybody about it.”
“Is that why you’ve been so angry?  Do you think that I chose Bucky because I –.”  He stopped himself, unsure of how to go on.  He held out his hand, closing his eyes and waiting.
When I was born, people didn’t speak about such things openly. But I want to talk about it with you. I want to talk about how I feel and what I want you to do to me. The way I want you to...
It was unfathomable for him to have feelings for a man.  Especially
Bucky had killed Tony’s parents.
He looked great, but that was beside the point.  “You look like you’ve just lost your best friend.”
“That sounds about right.”
Steve cleared his throat and smiled a little, “You want to go back to the house now or…?”
Several looks crossed Steve’s face, “I don’t know.  What happened between us just now…”
They’d had sex.
Please don’t be dead.
We might have both been right about the situation, but I didn’t want to admit it. He was my best friend.
Waves crashed upon the rock he was sitting on, the spray of water reaching his face but not bothering him.
“Nothing?”
Is this thing on? I hope it is... because I have something to say before I die. To you, Steve.
Steve gestured vaguely between the two of them, and for a moment, Tony’s heart stuttered in his chest until he understood that Steve was talking about them as the Avengers.
man.  The man who had chosen someone else over him.
It doesn’t matter now.
He took several steps towards Tony, who looked him up and down quickly, presumably assessing any eventual threats.
Heat rose between them, and Tony found that he didn’t want to stop whatever was happening.  Whether it was right or a huge mistake, it had to continue.  He didn’t resist when Steve undressed him, pulling off his pants and boxer briefs.  Didn’t resist when Steve took his hardening dick in his hand and began to stroke it gently.
A tear rolled down his face and he raised his knees, resting his forehead on them.
“Will you
It didn’t take long.
No.  It was too soon.
He shook his head.  “Look, I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
Steve shook his head, “Never with a man.”
Tony, I love you.
“You think it was easy for me to choose Bucky over you?  I didn’t want to!  But I had to make a split-second decision when I thought you were going to kill him.  I couldn’t let that happen, even for you.”
“You were screaming.”
Their lips met again, Steve taking full control of the situation.  All Tony could do was keep up as he was pressed up against the boulder legs parted to allow Steve,
“And I’ve known you all
“We really shouldn’t…” he said, pulling back slightly and taking off his shirt.
“Tony, I’ve known him all my life.”
It happened in an instant.  One moment, the two of them were struggling to keep a hold on each other, and the next, their eyes locked.  Tony moved first, completely unaware of what he was about to do.  He pulled Steve towards him, parting his lips for a kiss he was wholly unprepared for.  Their mouths met.
Never once did he think that he would have met him, much less have worked with him.
Had they…
“You sure you just don’t want me with you?  Alone?” asked Steve, wondering where he was pulling that line from.  His mind reeled.
“He wasn’t himself, Tony.  Surely you can understand that.  He was tortured and used for decades… brainwashed.  You’ve seen this happen with other people before, we all have.”
“You don’t… what are you sorry for?”
“You’ve thought about us?”
“Wow,” breathed Steve from behind him.  “Is this cave yours?”
“Damn right, I won’t.  There’s no reason behind what he did.”  He made to walk away, but Steve grabbed his arm, meaning to force him to understand.  Tony tried to wrench his arm away, but only ended up bringing Steve closer to him.  “Let me
He’d had to save him.  Couldn’t let his best friend be killed by his…
“Do I want us to have sex?  I guess if I didn’t, I would have probably tried to kill you by now.”
He swallowed and shrugged, turning away.
He gasped, “You… have you don’t this before?”
I don’t think I’ll be able to take that.
Now that I feel the possibility that you may be gone, i can’t think about anything else.
They had.
Tony shook his head, “You’re defending him, even now.”
Tears are running down my face as I write this, and my hands shake so much I can hardly reread what I’ve written so far.
“It’s up to you.”
Shock threatened to make him pull his head away.  He heard a sound of surprise coming from the back of Steve’s throat and his own ragged breathing, mixed with the cry of seagulls in the distance.  He smelled the tang of salt in the air, along with Steve’s aftershave.
Steve leaned back against him, closing his eyes when his arms came around him, holding him.  “I am.  What about you?  Did I hurt you?”
Another nod, “Yeah.  I’m just processing.”
Steve followed suit, “Yes we should.  You’ve been wanting to.”
“I just wanted to make sure that you were okay.  That was… difficult.”
Maybe they had been friends.  But ever since the events in Sarkovia, the two of them hadn’t spoken, and resentment had built.
“I get it, Tony.”
, he thought as we strolled down a deserted beach, kicking seashells as he went.
Shaking his head, snapping himself out of his thoughts, Tony bit his lip once, “Never mind.  I’m sorry.”  He started to walk away.
“You were just inside me.  I don’t think it would be an imposition for you to stay here for the night.”
Steve…
, insisted his mind.
It was a beautiful spot, with the cave extending into the ocean to provide a natural roof over the beach.  A boulder rested on the sand, having fallen from the ceiling centuries previously, thus providing a skylight that allowed someone to see the heavens from the covered beach.  It was lovely at night.
The sun was starting to set, but he was too preoccupied with his thoughts to pay attention to the way the coming twilight was turning the sky golden.
With a gasp, Steve took a step back, ending the kiss.  “What… what
Tony looked at him carefully, a few seconds passing in silence.  He then reached out a hand to touch Steve’s, licking his lips and tasting the salty tang of the waves.  “I don’t hate you.”
I have to tell you that I love you…
Are you in love with him, Steve?  Is that it?  Or do you, perhaps…
I think I’m in love with you.
“You were screaming.”
“That’s not what I’m here for.”
A friend?  Something more?
Maybe twice.
It had hurt, to be sure.  He’d never had that particular sensation before, of someone entering him and nearly taking complete possession of his body.  Steve had tried to be gentle and to go slowly, but somewhere between the first slow thrust in and the end, it had ceased to matter.
“I don’t hate you,” repeated Tony.  “And I don’t want you to feel like I hate you.  I’m mad at you, yes, but…” his voice trailed off for a second.  “It’ll pass.  I mean, I can’t say I’m just going to get over what happened, but I’m not going to hold on to that grudge forever.”
It had just been once.
He was still shaking.
Love.
“I don’t know how I would feel.  Honestly, I don’t think I’d take it very well at all.”  He sighed, “I’m sorry, Tony.”
I can take a lot of things, you know. But this... if Thanos got to you... if you’re gone like the others...
Tony sighed, running a hand through his hair, “He killed my parents.  Killed my dad and… then he killed my
“Us.  With us.  The Avengers.”
Yes, Tony was something more, until…
My palms are sweaty now. You see what you do to me? You always have - I just didn’t know that my frustrations for you ran so deep. So carnal.
Tony inhaled slowly and held his breath before he exhaled.  “You and I are more than family, Cap.  You know that.”
“I can live with my choice,” said Steve.  “What I can’t live with is the fact that you won’t talk to me about anything.”
A pause.  Tony turned his head.  “What?”
that?” he asked, his eyes wide.
I know, it’s funny. We don’t talk for such a long time because we’re fighting, then all of a sudden, here I am, having a monologue with my helmet in the hopes that you’re alive and well enough to receive the message.
Steve stood up, “You consider us family?  The two of us?”
Steve hugged him back, resting his forehead against his neck, eyes shut tight.  He’d said it.  Had told him how he felt.  Tony knew now.  He knew.
“He didn’t have control of his actions.”  He finally looked up, glancing at Tony.  “I’m not going to rehash this with you.  Both of us believe that we’re right, and nothing’s going to change that.”
Something more.
Do you love me too?
A moment later, he felt Tony’s fingers around his.
We can fix this. All of it. If you return, we’ll be able to change everything that happened. And afterwards...
He moved his leg, wincing.  He was going to feel that for days, he was sure.
Bucky’s dead. Half the world is gone. Are you gone too? I don’t want you to be gone too, Tony. Not before I get a chance to make love with you. Not before I get a chance to tell you that I’m in love with you.
Sam had called for him, shouting his name and he fought to get the seat belt off where it had him trapped. But nobody stopped, they just kept dragging him to the truck. The second he screamed for help, screamed for
“You take the left, I’ll take the right. Meet out front in seven minutes.” Sam ordered, giving him a nod of good luck.
When he opened the door, Bucky was waiting for him looking...nervous. Tony grimaced, and distributed his weight so that he could stand without help. “What’s up, Barnes?”
...distributor is being watched by the authorities, so we thought we would go straight to the source.”
that the young genius brought out in him. Back when they were kids, Steve might have been a sickly little runt, but he also had a way of lighting up every room he walked into. His “golly gee” and “oh shucks” attitude made old ladies swoon and mammas weak at the knees. He might have gotten into too many fights, but Bucky never hesitated to back him up because Steve only ever fought for the little guy, the ones who couldn’t stand up for themselves.
“You heard me.” The Captain replied tersely, leaving no room for comment at the present moment.
Pepper and Rhodey were the first people aside from Jarvis who loved him for who he was, not for his last name. They were the best friends Tony’s ever had, but they were human, and had a hard time managing Tony when he went on four-day long engineering binges, or drank himself under the table when his father was mentioned on the news. He would be forever grateful to Pepper and Rhodey for being the kinds of friends that got him through one of the toughest stages of life and for sticking by him despite his lack of a gentle personality, any practical social skills, or money. Despite his love for Jarvis and his friends, Tony had yet to meet someone who could match him shot for shot in terms of stubbornness and his eye for trouble.
Happy Monday everyone! It's Labor Day here in the states, which means no work for me and it finally gives me time to work on finishing up this story :)
“Ecoboost 3.5 liter V-6?” He asked as Steve opened the passenger seat door for him.
designs. SI’s being watched, which is why they grabbed me in the first place.” His breathing picked up, coming out in harsh, painful pants. “Someone told Hydra that I was the source. Someone at my company
“I handled trade as part of my father’s council for many years, alongside my brother, Loki.”
“No, I don’t think I will.”
“Walking and talking, big guy.”
With a chuckle, the student handed over a folder filled with the work Tony missed. He flipped through it for a moment before setting it to the side and pulling off Steve’s comforter. Bucky and Thor were on their feet instantly, holding out anxious hands, to which Tony rolled his eyes at again. “I am perfectly capable of using the bathroom by myself. Once I perform that miraculous feat, then Pete can help me go through my work.”
Every inch of his body
Instead of voicing his thoughts and sounding like a complete lunatic, Steve tightened his hold on Tony, providing some level of comfort. “I’m sorry, Tony. You seem to be doing pretty well for yourself, though. You are going to do amazing things one day.”
As he stripped off his clothes and raked through the hangers of items to try on, he froze when something with black lace caught his eye. Tony narrowed his eyes and brought the piece to the front of the pile. He could see straight through the thin material, which he guessed would barely reach three or so inches down his thighs. Tony hesitated, but the softness of the lace was too tempting to ignore.
“If they’re in need of weapons, then they must not be very high off the ground yet.”
Once Tony caught a glimpse of the miles and miles of tanned muscles, he found that he couldn’t look away, much less keep his eyes from traveling south. Rogers’ six pack was a thing of beauty with the way it melted into the sharp v of his hips, which proudly displayed his half-hard cock, nestled within a patch of neatly trimmed dark curls. Tony blinked, trying to tear his eyes away but found himself completely entranced by the thick girth and slight curve. Fuck, Tony had always been a bit of a size queen, and Rogers was the biggest he’d ever seen. What would it be like to have that inside of him? Splitting him open the way he’d always dreamed of? To make matters worse, his previously dry mouth salivated with such force Tony had to swallow in order not to drool.
“My mother made it better.” Tony grinned, then nodded towards the chef. “You don’t have to kill him though. I’ll give him a couple of lessons.”
. The hospital didn’t have any record of Tony coming in when he asked, so his best friend was desperate to get to Bruce and Sam to figure out what the hell happened.
Anyway, enjoy!
Apparently, he was just hanging out in Boston, fucking Bucky’s best friend.
He helped Tony in with an offered arm, guiding him to a chair rather than the bed, for which Tony was grateful. “Okay, hit me.”
.” By the way he said it, plus the air quotes, Tony knew that the constant supervision was an order, rather than a simple request.
He would be accompanied by Bucky, Nat, Clint, and Sam, leaving their two potential new recruits, Wanda and Pietro, back at the warehouse and Bruce at the hospital with Thor. He’d woken up, thank god, with only a minor concussion, but he was in no shape to join them in the raid.
I hope you all enjoy this chapter!
“Nu uh!” Tony protested, desperately trying to ignore the sinking guilt in his stomach. “It wasn’t technically a lie when I told him my last name was Carbonell. That was my mother’s name. The only time I used ‘Stark’ is when I enrolled into the University.”
Steve grinned at that, unable to fight back the smile that came from remembering the day in the coffee shop. “I can promise you, sweetheart, that I’ve never felt anything like it before I met you. My mind was basically screaming at me to wrap you up and never let you out of my sight. But somehow, I didn’t think that was the best approach to get you to talk to me again.”
He wasn’t the same skinny, broke, depressed kid who Steve rescued from the coffee shop that day. Tony had filled out from training with the Avengers and his skin had returned to its natural, healthy, glowing tan. Clint still refused to let anyone else cut Tony’s hair, even if he was a billionaire now, and Tony was perfectly fine with that.
of it.”
A stack of files, put together by Natasha and Clint, his two best intelligence operators, were strewn out in front of Steve, but he was interested in one in particular. An old enemy of Steve and Bucky’s from New York had resurfaced here in Boston. Their history with Baron Zemo went back further than the Howling Commandos, back to when Steve was about one hundred pounds lighter with an even shorter temper. Zemo had been one of the nastier neighborhood bullies in Brooklyn, one that had an appetite for choosing girls who didn’t want him.
It took him another three hours to come around this time.
Well, no use beating around the bush now. He hopped in the truck and shut the door, waiting for the two Avengers to follow his lead. Once they were both inside the truck, he gave them his best Stark smile. “The Avengers need new gizmos and gadgets, Rogers. I’m your man. You can’t keep going on with the outdated equipment you’ve been using, someone’s going to get hurt. And Steve,
“Wait, how are you simultaneously telling me the truth and lying at the same time?”
Tony blinked, unsure of what he was asking. Did he think that the man they were holding captive with a gaping hold in his chest had somehow managed to call for help? “No…” He answered truthfully, hoping beginning to take root. Maybe the police had found him?
Yet another silly rumor was that just last month, the Captain burned down a warehouse that housed and sold meth to children in the neighborhood. That one was a little closer to the truth. The Howling Commandos did in fact set the warehouse ablaze under his orders, but the Captain was nowhere near Brooklyn at the time.
, Tony could be patient. Well,
“Tones. Man, you’re my best friend, but you can be a total pain in the ass, you know that, right?” Before Tony could make one of the sexual jokes stored up in his piggy bank, Rhodey cut him off with a growl. “And if you say
He closed his eyes, praying to every deity out there that Tony would come back to him. Steve needed him like he needed air to breathe. He kept him centered, kept him calm. Without Tony, Steve became lost to the Captain. Without Tony, he was just a cold man without a heart. He was Steve’s heart. The love of his life.
Natasha and Clint would spend the next few days tracking Zemo and his key members’ movements to develop a pattern. Once it was established, the rest of the Avengers would move in. Steve and Bucky didn’t want to give their old enemy a chance to run away, so they would determine the best point of contact and go after him first. Bucky suggesting recreating the scene from eight years ago, so that Zemo knew exactly who was coming for him.
Steve grunted, but answered her questions as he and Bucky grabbed onto either side of Thor. “Don’t worry about that. All you really need to know is that there is a bad man out there, and we’re going to stop him.”
The three members of his team watched him silently, eyes locked onto his own blue ones. He willed for them to understand how important this is to him. How important Tony is.
“No.” He replied automatically, pushing off from the couch to pace. “His parents kicked him out. They don’t have any right to come here.”
“To escort you to your meeting room, Friend Tony.”
?’ He wanted to know why they were going to meet Steve’s friends now, when Tony had practically been begging to meet them for the past few months. And why did he have to pack almost everything Tony owned, like he would be gone for a while?
“And for those who are working outside of it?”
Fuck.
He nodded his hello’s to Peter and Harvey, who were buzzing with the same excitement oozing off of Tony. By the way they craned their necks towards the pair, Steve guessed they hadn’t seen the final project either, which gave him a strange sense of smugness. He followed Tony through the back room where his laptop sat, alone and open precariously, and watched his boyfriend dance around the table in short, eager bursts. “Okay, okay, are you ready?”
angry.
His father simply regarded them with a cold, distant expression, but Obie had the good sense to smile and clap his hands together like it was a meeting of old friends to avoid any interested passerbys. “Tony, my boy! It’s good to see you on your feet, we heard about the terrible accident.”
His chest began to throb, and the pain crawled up his throat until he couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t...he couldn’t…
“Since when do you need to know where I’m spending my time, Buck?” Steve asked, suddenly annoyed, and pushed past him into the living room. He didn’t keep second-by-second tabs on his friends and soldiers, and he expected them to give them the same courtesy.
die here tonight, and I have every intention of making your death as excruciatingly painful as possible. You’ve done many evil things over the years, but hurting the ones I love the most is simply unforgivable.”
I'd LOVE to hear your thoughts. Thank you to everyone who has read/given kudos/commented/followed this story.
Which meant that he finally had a lead.
All at once, they all sprung out of their chairs and hurried over, completely surrounding Tony. They all introduced themselves, even though Tony could have picked them all out just by how often Steve talked about them. Bucky, Sam, Natasha, Clint, and Bruce all shook his hand and greeted him enthusiastically. Apparently Thor was back in Norway dealing with some drama with his brother. The only thing that seemed out of place was Bucky’s metal arm. Steve told him that he had lost it during a raid back in Afghanistan, and that he was having problems with his prosthetic. But that arm...it
“Yeah, yeah, Big Guy.” Clint quipped, waving a hand in their direction. “Now sit down, I want my new toy next!”
He nodded, sucking in a harsh breath. Tony wouldn’t appreciate Steve spilling his secret, but his safety was more important that trust right now. “Yeah. He told me last night that Carbonell isn’t his real name.”
See you next week!
“Then I want my phone and laptop back. Now.” Then, as an afterthought, “and something for dinner. Saltimbocca di Pollo alla Romana.” His favorite dish from his childhood, the only thing his mother had ever done right.
He immediately shook his head, “What? No, no, I couldn’t put you out like that. I’m fine walking.” Tony was already half-hard talking to Steve, he couldn’t imagine how much worse his body would betray him in the confined space of a car.
Tony nodded, mind running with the new information. “Where are the others that you mentioned? I haven’t seen anyone else besides Clint, Sam, and the brute who kidnapped me, along with those people in the courtyard.”
Even Steve grinned back at them, tilting his chin to the side while keeping his eyes on the road. Thirty minutes later, they arrived at Steve’s condo where Pepper and Rhodes’ cars were parked outside. Bucky met them out front to help Tony out of the car while his friends said their goodbyes.
He coughed again, pain shooting across his chest. It was impossible to focus on anything else now, the pain was too much. “It...hurts.” He wheezed.
He dropped his voice down to a whisper before he responded, making sure that Tony knew the truth in his words wholly, completely, and thoroughly. “I love you too, Tony. More than anything, and anyone. I will always come for you.
He was in his black stealth suit, the thick material stretching over his rippling muscles, and his cowl, leaving only his lips and cerulean blue eyes exposed. The red, white, and blue shield shone as a beacon through the smoke as it dissipated, and Steve only had eyes for Tony while Bucky rushed to secure Stane and Sam guarded the door.
A strangled sob was the only sound in the room once Steve freed Tony’s cock and swallowed it down to the root. He didn’t waste any time in taking his boyfriend apart with his throat and tongue, inching his fingers back towards Tony’s hole, teasing but not yet penetrating. With quick hands, Steve blindly grabbed for his bottle of lube and slicked up his fingers, then returned them to their target and pressed in with the tip of his index finger. Tony hissed at the welcome intrusion, then ground his hips down to demand more. Steve wasn’t in the business of denying Tony anything, so he worked his finger to the knuckle before adding a second. He scissored and curled and stretched Tony open, occasionally brushing against the bright bundle of nerves, maddeningly slow if Tony’s pleads were anything to go by, all the while licking and sucking at the head of his cock.
Caramel brown eyes opened an inch, meeting his own blue ones, mist brimming at the edges. He gave a silent nod. In return Steve didn’t say anything, just moved towards Tony’s shirt, making sure to go slow enough for Tony to say no. Thankfully, he raised his arms to help without any further resistance. Steve gingerly lifted the tattered piece of clothing up and off, depositing it on the bathroom floor. He silently tracked his eyes down Tony’s lean form, taking in every scratch, scar, and blemish that marred his beautiful olive-toned skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What is this, twenty questions?” Steve bit out, nails digging into his skin to keep from snapping at his friends.
His boyfriend drew up to his full height, hiked the bag up over his shoulder and advanced on Tony. Steve placed both hands on Tony’s shoulders and gripped them tight. “There’s a lot I need to explain to you, and I will, I promise. But right now, I need to get you back to my place where there are more people there that can protect you.”
Steve nodded suspiciously.
Tony nodded, he remembered. Bucky didn’t want him to let the ghosts of his past dictate his future, but Tony hadn’t wanted to let his anger and resentment go. But now, knowing what all of the shit he’s had to endure would lead to? A family in the Avengers, true friends like Pepper and Rhodey, and the love of his life? Maybe the soldier had a point. He could still get revenge without letting it consume him.
“I know.” Steve whispered somberly, gripping his wrists lightly. “I know, sweetheart. I’m so sorry.”
“Then tell me.” He suggested, and brushed past the look that darkened Steve’s face. “No, really. Steve, nothing that you tell me is going to change the way I feel about you. Whatever you’ve done as your time as the Captain, I believe you did because you thought it was the right thing to do. And,” He added, sensing that this was important. “I’m not going to ask you to stop.”
After tying the laces to his new wing-tipped shoes, Tony opened the door to reveal Clint. The blonde grinned and nodded approvingly, offering his arm. “May I escort you to dinner?”
? “What...what do you want with me?” Oh God, he wasn’t going to be able to speak again for a while. It hurt too much. Like his lungs were bursting straight out of his chest.
be dead.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony hesitated, his eyes flickering back and forth between the three of them. “I can go with Steve?”
them to come after me. If I hadn’t designed those weapons in the first place, none of this would have ever happened.”
perfect. Thank you for all of the work you put into this. Into
Tony agreed with a short nod, “Exactly, Legolas.”
Steve apparently didn’t like that, because he frowned. “What’s going on? Are you okay?”
He whistled his appreciation. “Damn, you really know your way around a weapon, don’t you?”
Tony’s eyes widened as the files piled up, the aliases labeled on the side of each one.
“And how about you,
The younger man swiped his tongue across his bottom lip, and dammit if that didn’t go straight to Steve’s cock. “Me too. Tonight’s been...great.” His caramel brown eyes locked with Steve’s again, and the intense moment passed into something sweeter. “Really, really great. I want to see you again.”
“Friend Tony, do you wish to know how I came to fight alongside my comrades?”
going to be helping
By the time they finished, Tony’s eyes were drooping heavily. Peter helped him stand and gave him an awkward side hug as he left, promising to return next week with another set of assignments to work through. Thor and Bucky ushered him back into Steve’s bed, but Tony wasn’t about to miss out on hearing the origin story of the last Avenger. He reached out to grab ahold of Thor’s arm when he tried walking away.
to get this out, needed to stand up to Howard one last time. “I wish you had been a better father,” Tony nodded towards Obie before looking back at his dad, “A better godfather. I love my family, it's practically ingrained in me, but I honestly don’t understand how any of you can look yourselves in the mirror. You might control me after my graduation, that’s fine, whatever, but I’ll
Tony didn’t understand, and he voiced as much to the older man.
They crossed over a two-lane, rickety wooden bridge that had Tony glancing down at the water every few seconds nervously before finally settling on dry land once again. He squinted, but couldn’t read the name of the town on the sign as white stone buildings came into view. Sam drove them through cobbled streets that reminded him of the pathway he ran into Rogers on in Mexico until finally parking in a space that seemed to be right in the middle of the downtown area.
“Really?” Bruce asked, stepping through the steel doors. “I thought Tony was smart. Do you not think he would make a good addition to the team?”
Roger nodded, stepping back to give Tony the space he asked for. “Clint will escort you back to your room.” The corners of his lips ticked up into a smug smirk that Tony wanted to slap off. The arrogant bastard.
Tony sat down after Clint pulled the chair for him, matching Rogers’ gaze with his own.
To his credit, Obie lasted longer than anyone else. He was always there when Tony came up with a new invention, even at an early age, eager to test it out and market it as the latest and greatest from Stark Industries. By the time Tony started making weapons, he was practically starving to make Obie proud, to have someone
Bucky squeezed his hand once to let him know he understood, and leaned back in the chair. “Now get on with it, Stark. This shit hurts.”
Tony didn’t quite agree with him on that point. Sure, Rogers’ business was dangerous, but the reason why many corporations went under these days is because someone at the top didn’t pay enough attention to the details, leaving them vulnerable and weak until it was too late to save the company.
Zemo screamed, writhing in the Soldier’s grasp, tears spilling from the corners of his eyes and pleas falling from his lips. “Please!
Steve stepped closer, bringing his hands out of his pockets and reaching for a box of Fruity Pebbles. “One of my favorite midnight snacks. Don’t tell anyone.” He gave him a shit eating grin, but Tony’s eyes zeroed in on his hand.
And yet, still nothing. The man in question was leaning against the windowsill with his brows furrowed, snapping at someone on the other line. Tony’s glare did nothing to draw Rogers’ gaze, but it did earn him matching amused looks from Clint and Sam.
The repulser fired off, slicing straight through his restraints, and the richote of the blast hitting the ground behind him sent Tony flying forward, where he swiped the knife out of Stane’s hands and in one fluid movement, cut through the bindings around his feet. He rolled to the side and threw out his hands towards his godfather. “Take another step, and I will obliterate you.” Tony warned fiercely. “And I don’t want to do that.”
“I think you’re a lot smarter than people give you credit for,” Tony teased gently, but let an honest smile play across his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
*hides underneath my desk*
He took them without complaint, relaxing when the water felt cool against his throat. “Thank god. Can I see them?”
to a stop closer, it was revealed that the holes were steadily wider than a normal bullet, proving that Bucky had hit his mark perfectly each and every time.
That wasn’t
The collapse of Hydra solidified the Captain and his Howling Commandos’ place in the mafia hierarchy. Nobody fucked with his people or his territory and got away with it.
The corners of his eyes prickled, and he wiped a shaky hand across his face. Tony cleared his suddenly tight throat and shook his head. “Uh, okay. Can you make it a medium coffee with just one shot of espresso?”
If Tony had been confused before, he was absolutely floored now. He had a million and one questions running through his mind, not the least of which was ‘
Woah it's the middle of the week! I finally have the rest of my chapter planned out, so I'm writing quicker than before. If I keep it up, I'll try to update twice a week. No promises though!
, Anthony.”
This story will be divided up into 2 Parts.
If possible, Steve’s mood darkened further. “Tony isn’t a part of this, Buck. I don’t want him anywhere near Avengers business.”
my own person, I can very well make my own decisions.” Tony snapped back, harsher than he anticipated. He took a breath to calm himself down and leaned back against the leather. “I stopped working for Stark Industries because the weapons I was making were hurting innocent people. Hydra was somehow getting ahold of them and using them in their gang wars.” His tone softened. “But the Avengers are different. You want to make Boston safer, like the Howling Commandos did with New York. I want to help with that. Plus…” he trailed, giving a slightly sheepish cough. “I want to make the bastards who hurt me pay. The Avengers can’t do that unless you’ve got the right tools.”
Steve breathed out through his nose in a short huff. “Guess the warning we gave him twelve years ago didn’t quite stick.”
“Goodnight, Tony.”
Tony only hesitated for a moment before shrugging. “I guess if Steve trusts you not to mutilate my gorgeous locks, I’ll allow it.”
Tony watched the other three men get out of the car and mentally prepared himself. There had to be someone, somewhere around here that could help him, he just needed to be patient and wait for his chance. In the meantime, he could shop. Tony wasn’t a stranger to high society purchasing, and if there was a chance to lose Rogers some money, he would make sure to check the price tags for the most expensive items.
“Our friend Barnes assures me everything is fine.” Thor grinned, pulling into the student parking lot, the appropriate tag Steve had bought for them hanging off of the rearview mirror. “Simply focus on your meeting, and we will meet with our comrades afterwards for a celebration.”
“Next?” The barista’s gum smacked audibly, and Tony didn’t bother hiding his grimace at the sound.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart, I wasn’t aware it required a pronoun.”
As he suspected, those happened to be the magic words. Wanda took his hand and let him pull her up, one arm keeping a tight grip on the ragged, loose dress she’d been forced to wear.
He moved out to the hall, reaching back to keep the door from closing all the way, and fell down onto the couch the moment it was in sight.
Tony rolled his eyes. “He wanted me here because you guys are here. He thinks I’m safe with
His phone and laptop were waiting for him.
, a ridiculously smart one at that, but a kid just the same. There wasn’t any reason for him to be involved in Avengers business in any way, shape, or form. So why the hell did Steve have an instinct to protect him? It didn’t make any sense.
“Exactly. But during one of our missions, he caught up with us. Coulson was just doing his job and following protocol, but I was livid that Clint had let one of our plans leak.”
Tony just shook his head, eyes squeezed shut as his lip trembled, and Steve’s heart shattered at the sight. “You don’t
“I was sent here to retrieve my brother, to talk sense into him. I met our dear Captain during my travels.” Tony strained to keep his eyes open, eager to hear about Steve. “He had many connections here in the States, and it did not take us long to locate him. Unfortunately, Loki was in a rather precarious position.” Thor rubbed at the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath. “My brother had found himself entertwined with a drug cartel, hooked on a hallucinogenic known as LSD.”
Once they were gone, Steve and Bucky helped him into the bathroom, setting him down on the closed toilet seat while Steve began running the bath. “I am more than capable of showering on my own, Steven Grant Rogers.” He gritted, crossing his arms over his chest with a small wince. “I do not need a bath, nor do I need help with one.”
“But-” The nursing student tried to argue, but Steve cut her off.
to save me. I don’t know why she’s calling now, but I don’t want to see her.”
Tony gave him a sheepish smile. “Well, in some sense of the word, you are right. But in another, much more realistic sense, you’re wrong. My last name isn’t Carbonell.”
“The kid just stepped into his apartment.” Clint’s voice reported through his comm unit. “Remind me why I followed him back to his place?”
He was surprised to see Rogers, hands curled in his pockets and looking annoyingly unaffected at the sight of Tony in lingerie, which left him even angrier. “Get out or else-”
“Seven. Yes. That, uh, yes. Seven sounds great.” Tony stuttered, lips twitching upwards uncontrollably. It was adorable. He stepped out and grabbed his groceries from the back seat.
Tony thumbed his half-way empty coffee cup, trying to decide if he wanted to lie to seem older. Somehow, he thought Steve would be able to see past his bullshit. “I’ll be twenty-one in a few months.”
Thoughts? Feelings? I'd love to hear all of it! Seriously, thank you for reading and following this story. I hope you're enjoying it!
Steve nodded, confirming that Clint hadn’t left anything out of his initial report. “And you haven’t been following him after I ordered you stand down? You haven’t been watching him since we started dating?”
Rogers fought off a smirk and straightened in his seat before clinking his knife against the glass tumblr. A man in a white apron and chef’s hat came around the corner with a silver dish in his hands. Once he reached Tony, he gave a small bow and placed the lid on the table.
since I’ve been hurt. I’m not in the mood for
“If you’re finished with your date, we could use you down here. We’re at the warehouse. Barnes brought in three more members of Hydra.”
Tony’s brain was filled with the same fear-induced incessant buzzing that clouded his mind after Hydra caused his car accident. His father, the man who willingly gave his son more emotional and physical scars than any child should ever have to endure, and Obadiah Stane, the godfather who sat back and watched it all happen with a smile on his face, towered over him in a way even Thor never could.
, Stark. Of Stark Industries. Your father cut you off a few years ago because you didn’t want to come work for the family business…” His crystal blue eyes snapped up to Tony’s. “Because you didn’t want to make weapons.”
Bucky narrowed his eyes at Tony, and Steve braced himself for a shouting match between the two most important people in his life. “
Tony’s brow furrowed, and the churning in his stomach grew into an uncomfortable pit. “Maybe. No. I don’t know. He
The two officers looked mildly worried for about five seconds before their eyes flickered to something over Tony’s shoulder, their spines snapping to attention. Tony didn’t bother hiding his groan and turned around to find Rogers smirking at him.
But there was too much evil here in Boston to leave the city on its own. New York was at least being protected by Peggy and the Howling Commandos, but Boston’s police department, led by one Nick Fury, wasn’t winning any awards for keeping the crime and violence down. Ever since Coulson took the job in the FBI, Fury couldn’t seem to close cases anymore. Steve had read through enough data to know that the Avengers were making a difference here in Boston, and he knew he couldn’t just walk away from the life if there were people still in danger.
He’d quietly padded back to his room those times, cuddling up in bed and wish hard for his Mamma to be happy again, and by morning his Mamma had been all smiles again as if nothing had ever happened.
Steve could understand the argument, he could see Tony’s point, and they did need to focus on the boys especially with all that was happening, but he couldn’t help but feel the loss, he’d let himself grow excited at the prospect of a baby but now that wouldn’t happen, maybe not ever.
Steve had just been coming to Tony's lab when the genius ran straight into him, Steve's firm enhanced body didn't move an inch where Tony toppled backwards and would have gone on the floor had it not been for Steve's quick reflexes grabbing him in time.
Walking in the snow. Such a simple task for most, but to Steve it seemed daunting to face going back out into the frozen winter, but he had only to think of Zach’s tear stained face to know that he was going to do whatever it took to get past this, so that when winter came next year he’d be able to have as many snowball fights as Zach wanted without there being any issues at all.
If Flash had been saying this when Peter had first been adopted then it would have made him insecure, but he'd been in Tony's care for several years now, was treated no differently to Zach (Except when age related) and he knew that he was loved by his family.
“That’ll never happen.” Tony said giving Steve a lobsided grin, “Besides, if they did then it would mean I wasn’t relevant anymore and if I’m not making headlines what would that do for my playboy image?”
Harry’s eyes darkened and his ire turned from Peter to MJ, “Don’t you call my Father that, you demented bitch.”
“You and the rest of us.” Steve agreed and glanced around, “Where is everyone, was there a mission?”
“We have to get the glove off him.” Tony said, “We combine our power, severe his arm at the shoulder.”
“With blueberries?”
“I’m fine.” Tony said, “Just an ache, nothing to worry about.”
“A warrant for your arrest is pending a judges signature, I can stall them for maybe twelve hours, try to take less time.”
“It was a brutal time to be alive.” The host said solemnly,
He went on to say how he’d fallen for Tony almost as soon as they had met, finding him undeniably attractive and appealing even as they had argued; how Tony was exactly the kind of Omega he’d always liked. Feisty, intelligent, loving, generous, and independent.
“We’ll keep it to just a couple of nights a week.” MJ said, “Just a couple of hours, three at the most.”
“Ghost town?” The Colonel smiled, “It’s a saying, an abandoned town, or house.”
“Right.” Natasha replied, “Sam, come and take his other side.”
While this did not stop the curiosity and general interest in their bidding romance, it did help ease the frenzy somewhat and gave everyone at the tower some breathing room; which was very fortunate as a very important day arrived.
“I’ll tell him.” Steve said and put the phone down before saying goodbye.
Life was far from perfect.
Sitting on the bed the two took it in turns at cleaning and bandaging injuries, Steve was healing quickly, once the dried blood was washed away it was clear to see that the wounds were scabbing over and bruising was coming out, they would likely be healed in a day or two where Tony would be looking at weeks to recover.
“It’s Italian for Little Star.” Tony replied, “My Mother was Italian.”
The conference went on much like that for most of the day before a recess was called and they would pick up the following day.
“We’re not.” Steve admitted, “But….I’m thinking about talking to him about it, maybe starting to try. What do you think?” While he said it casually, Steve was actually very anxious for Peter’s answer, he wanted to know if Peter thought he’d be a good Dad, if Peter thought him and Tony having a Pup of their own would be a good thing.
He'd been making progress before Steve’s arrival, getting through a fair amount every day. But since then he’d been preoccupied with developing tech for defence against Thanos, making overtures to the other heroes, and most enjoyably, spending time with Steve and Lily. (And fantasizing about Steve) but he wasn’t going to focus on that part, because it just led to him needing to spend some alone time in his bathroom.
“Tony Stop!” Rogers shouted, getting the shield ready, “Think about what you are doing!”
Tears burned in Tony’s eyes as he looked up at Steve, “But you want a baby.” He whispered his voice hoarse, “You deserve to have a baby of your own.”
This of course wasn’t the only lab that Osborn owned, but it was the only one in New York, now Curien would have to go elsewhere to continue his work. He mourned the chance to cut that spider brat open more, what he could have learned from him, his physiology, how he became what he was….ah well, next time.
“Or never showing up at all!”
“I highly doubt that it is either.” Bruce said eyeing Zach, while the boy was miserable and uncomfortable, he was not nearly unwell enough for it to be either of those, certainly not meningitis.
Steve couldn’t find anything to say to that, couldn’t manage anything other than a weak smile and a nod of his head. Natasha seemed to find this enough though and release his wrist but remained besides him until Pepper arrived with Happy and the boys.
“It’s a real thing.” Tony said, “Let Pepper choose, she’s better at selecting things like that than I am.”
“Narcissist.”
Despite his lab binges, Tony was in no way prepared for the fact Zach needed feeding every three to four hours and this taking forty minutes, then he’d need burping and shortly there after changing, and often washing because when he shit it went everywhere. So a good two hours could go by before he was back in his crib and sleeping. Tony then fell into bed to try and nap, only to be awoken far too soon for another round of feeding, burping, washing, changing, and resettling.
"Well then. Eat your ice cream and when we get home you can make a Get Well card for Peter to have besides his hospital bed."
“I’m gonna need you to let go for a moment baby.” Tony said biting into his left wrist and drawing out a small piece of metal which he placed into Zach’s pocket. He cupped Zach’s cheek and gazed down into eyes that were so similar to his own that it was like looking into a mirror, “I love you baby.” He said to Zach, “Never forget that.”
After ten days of this he was able to go back to his bedroom and start to mix with the team in the penthouse, his headphones blocking out forty percent of the noise and his sunglasses giving him a twilight view.
“Well they’re excited.” Steve said bracing himself behind his shield and Thor struck Mjolnir upon the vibranium with a deafening ring, the force of the blast knocking the soldiers on their backsides.
Steve sighed, “That’s not going away anytime soon.”
“Hell no, school and College first.” Tony stated, “If you start running around in a cowl and spandex then I’m going to officially loose all my marbles and become a dribbling idiot in a corner.”
“You can’t get away.” Peter said readying his web.
“Easier said than done.” Bruce said, “He won’t listen. Both Pepper and Rhodes have tried and been refused, he’s not even listening to Jarvis, and he always listens to Jarvis.”
If the suit could sigh then that was the noise that Jarvis made upon hearing this and the face plate seemed to become distressed at the news.
God it made his heart ache to think of it, to see how easily Tony interacted with his Son. He couldn’t imagine Howard being welcoming to a child interrupting him during a serious discussion, or having a child on his lap the way Tony happily did.
Steve smiled, “You are so strong.” He breathed.
“Mom’s at the diner, Dad went to get scratchers.” The boy shrugged, “I guess he won because that was like six years ago.”
“Mr Stark is being taken to Intensive Care.” The consultant said, “He has been placed in a drug induced coma and will remain unconscious for the next ten days to give his body the best chance at recovery.”
Tony had finally finished clearing up the last of the debris left by Ultron.
What would happen to the boys if Tony died, would stay with him? Steve wasn’t their family, not legally speaking, he and Tony weren’t yet married and he hadn’t formally adopted the boys so it did not seem likely, Tony had probably made arrangements for them, arranged for Rhodey and Pepper to get custody in the event of his death.
"The twins are to face simulations of battle against the Avengers." He ordered his Second in command. "Have them facing heavily armoured soldiers, tanks, and airborn drones. I want capable of facing multiple threats at once from various locations."
The ship was modern and they had access to WIFI, although it could be sporadic depending on where they were in relation to satellites, however it was enough for Wanda to keep track of Stark and his family.
Tony nodded, “I can’t give you a child.”
"Oh yes, long hours of cunning linguistics and master debates are made." Tony gave up composure completely, giving into his giggles,
“See you in hell Stark.” Clint spat,
Tony sighed and wet his lips, running his top teeth over the bottom lip as he gathered his thoughts, “I wasn’t as close to my Mother as you all were to yours and I did not feel as bereft when she died as you all did when your Mother’s died.” He took a deep shuddered breath and blinked away the prickle of tears as they spiked at his eyes, “I feel such love for Zach and Peter, and I know they love me in return, they would be devastated by my death, I know it and I fear the grief that I may one day bring them. But I feel nothing like that for my own Mother, what does that say about me?”
Taking the phone, Tony shuffled along into the bathrooms and went into the nearest stall, shutting and locking the door. Sitting down on the toilet he quickly typed in the pin and opened the phone then dialled the compound.
Natasha and Clint had arrived in Miami a few hours before he’d arrived and they’d scoped out the mansion before he got there, locating all the blind spots and easy access points, saving them time once their plan was in action.
*****
The sound of repulsors setting down alerted Tony as to what Jarvis was referring to and moments later a hole was blasted through the wall and War Machine or rather Iron Patriot, (Tony still hated the name) was peering in at the three former prisoners.
It was said to coldly, sounded so clinical that it made Steve sick to his stomach, his arms which had been lose at his sides wrapped about Tony’s waist and pulled him in closer, pulling the Omega flush against his chest.
