Dean sits in the chair for a long time, blankly staring ahead and focusing all his energy on keeping his breathing even before he realizes his phone is vibrating in his pocket. It’s a stark reminder that life is moving on around him and that there’s a chance his father’s won't. And maybe that wouldn’t be the worst thing.
Honestly, he already got so close to dropping to his knees right there when Cas didn’t just wait at the bottom of the slide but instead clambered up after Oliver and did some sliding on his own, much to the kid’s delight. And Dean’s, fuck, he’s so in love with him.
“Pathetic,” his father says and laughs. Dark and heavy, no humor in it and it rattles Dean to the bone. “And here I had hoped he hadn't fucked you up completely. Except, you're still here, aren’t you? So either you're still all bark and no bite after all, or that fag really doesn’t want you anymore.”
“You know you’ll have to use words while talking as well, right?” Charlie says and her smile’s a little smaller now, almost fond. “But if you write them you don't have to give him the first draft. You can like, think about what you want to say. And rethink it. And no one's going to interrupt or distract you. Especially not him with his pretty face.”
They work quietly in unison, bumping into each other ever so often without any need for apologies. It's domestic. Honestly, there's no other way to describe it. It's exactly what he wished for on the weekend - and oh how that feels like an eternity ago already - and it makes Dean's heart swell with warmth and even more love for this man. And despite them both knowing that they need to talk, they don't. Not yet.
“I’m very aware that I’m going. But what does that have to do with”-he gestures at their surroundings-“this.”
“You were sleeping,” he offers like it is an explanation and excuse in one, and Dean’s panic deflates a little, swept away by the need to say that really isn’t why he did that at all.
The fact that Sam actually laughs quietly, is a clear sign that he isn’t that surprised by that information. “Sounds like him.”
“Surprise you,” Cas repeats. “And I didn’t want you to worry. You already had enough on your plate without me adding my inability to remember to eat to it.”
Leaving Cas outside the airport is impossible so Dean doesn’t even bother trying. Instead, he tags along as far as he can, clinging to his hand like a child afraid to get lost.
“That’s why you didn’t come inside and hid in your car? Because the garage got Bobby’s name on it?” The urge to laugh is back again, he wrangles it into a smile. “Were you just going to find a different one and drive your truck elsewhere with whatever issues it has? That’s kinda irresponsible.”
"Okay. Good. Great." He bumps into the baking sheet and it bangs loudly into the backsplash. He makes a face.
Dean had accepted it and then proceeded to force his company onto Cas during dinner time every day until finals were over anyway. Just to be safe. He hadn’t pushed for more conversation on the topic because it clearly made Cas uncomfortable and if anything Dean wanted the meager time they had during those weeks to be enjoyable.
But he can’t blame her. He’s sure there aren’t many single parents that come through here or that it’s even worth the risk of hitting on one of them. Relatives though? Much higher success rates he’s sure. Not that he knows much. But the way she’d perked up when he’d introduced himself for the first time hadn’t been subtle. So he can at least let her have a little fun even if he has no plans on following through. A dick move he knows but as long as he doesn’t purposely lead her on, it’ll be fine. He can draw his lines. “Same to you, Ms. Stacy.”
“Were you scared?” Oliver asks and actually holds his hands out to him, wordlessly asking to be moved to Dean’s arms and Dean will absolutely take that offer. The handover is made a little difficult by the fact that Dean’s fingers feel stiff with the cold and Cas doesn’t step away from him again, tucking himself into his side, hand back on Dean’s waist. But they manage and once he’s got Oliver safely propped up on his hip, he leans into Cas and presses a short kiss to his lips. He gets a smile in return.
He can’t help but laugh because her words are so true but sound like they deserve their very own chick flick. “I’m working on it.” “Nightmares?”
For a second, time freezes and Dean's not sure what to do, his body still helplessly twitching, searching for friction. But it kicks back up again the moment Cas opens his eyes, mouth pressing back in, kissing him like it matters, soft and unhurried but with such intent. It makes something ache inside of Dean and his voice feels stretched thin, toeing the line of worried when he breathes "Cas?" into the thin space between them.
He can hear Bobby grumble some more words to himself before he's out of earshot. Dean makes his way outside, wishing happy holidays to whoever he passes with a little too much vigor. He can't wait to get started on this.
But Dean won’t. Can’t. Because he knew to get out and away at eighteen when things nearly came to a head for him, and he knows it now with even more certainty. He needs to leave.
The fact that she looks almost hesitant is enough to clue him in that he won’t like what she has to say.
“Nah, you’re good.” Dean lets his head drop back and looks up at the sky. He can make out a few stars. “I’m more interested in the wedding this weekend. Charlie’s introducing us to her new girlfriend and Jo’s bringing someone as well. No idea who though since they’re both making a really big secret out of it. I bet they’re embarrassed.”
Instead, Cas only says, “Of course I would,” while he reaches for his plate. As if Dean didn’t just imply anything with his words.
Because sure, the option of being with Cas is enough that he'd go anywhere for him. But that doesn't mean he'll like staying there long-term. And lying about that when he’s asking Cas to spend the rest of their lives together? That’s just the stupidest thing Dean could do. It would just set them up for failure right from the start.
or you know, any snarky comment about it at any point since March. Now that he knows that all this time Dean thought Cas didn’t want him when it’s — hopefully — so far from the truth.
"You made pie?" It's the most nonsensical thing he could have said because that was already perfectly clear.
He grins, waggles his eyebrows and Oliver nods like he's just said the most serious and important thing in the world. And then he frowns, says with all the confidence and self-assuredness only a kid can possess, “But I like Uncle Cas the best.”
And oh, there it is. A warm and familiar chuckle, no anger, no awkwardness, and Dean feels the leftover tension fall off of him at once. "During the weekends, yes."
Dean can barely see the rosy flush to Cas's cheeks but what he can make out clearly is his smile growing. “Like a date?”
Another sigh, his phone burns itself into his thigh. Too silent and too reproachful. It's unfair that he's sitting here. It's even more unfair that he's being an ass about it. He lowers his eyes to the table and picks at the label on the bottle. “Argument with Cas.”
Maybe it's because he actually has to look his father in the eye this time and not just mention it over the phone.
"You're staying here." It sounds much more accusatory than he wants it to. Dean wishes he'd just kept his mouth shut, let him leave instead of making things worse. Sometimes - most times - that's just easier anyway.
It’s always kind of done that when he watches Cas interact with the people important to Dean. Mostly because it’s simply nice to see that they get along but also because it’s really good to know that he isn’t the only one who loves having Cas around and appreciates him.
Maybe it is. Maybe to him, it means something that Dean is letting him do this despite what he did. But that thought just leads straight back to
Cas's eyes crinkle with his smile and then Dean's got an armful of him and they both breathe in, in, in, and cling to the other. There's the call for some flight overhead but all Dean can focus on is his own heartbeat and Cas's shaky exhale when his lips press against his neck, just below his ear.
He’s been anxious all afternoon, switching back and forth between being angry at his father and losing himself in what-if scenarios about all the ways Cas could react to the news. And between that and Sam roping him into babysitting for a bit, Dean really didn’t get as much thinking done about what he’s going to actually say as he was hoping.
He just sleeps so much easier when he isn’t. His own emotional state has come up in conversations of course because it’s not like Dean can’t talk to people about it. His father is why he’s here in Lawrence after all. But somehow whatever gets said never feels satisfying to Dean, conversations getting cut short by circumstances and his own inability to find the right words for all this. Because really he shouldn't be complaining at all. His father could be dead instead of just inconvenienced by balance issues and a slight one-sided paralysis that the doctors sounded optimistic about and that he seems to be working through.
And then there’s the third option. The one that makes Dean’s grip on the wrench he’s holding tighten and the edges of it dig painfully into his palm.
“I didn’t think it wise for him to drive, so I offered,” Cas says and looks at Dean and only at him and Dean feels so acutely aware of what a mess he’s right now. “If you want me to go, I’ll leave.”
And when they turn into the drive through of some burger joint twenty minutes later, he doesn't even dig into him for ordering the most unhealthy option he can think of in the split second he gives himself to look at the menu.
Bobby sighs and it’s heavy and loud and Dean can feel his exhaustion in his own bones. “Look kid, you’re welcome to stay here for however long you want. I appreciate your company. But I need you to remember that I don’t expect you to stay here until you die. Or I do.”
Good to know that he still dislikes the suit section as much as he did the last time. Not because of the general idea of looking fancy — hell, he dresses up damn fine if you ask him even if he’s not a big fan of wearing a suit in the first place — but more about the reasons you wear a suit. Sure there are more fun ones like weddings or fancy dinners or everyday things like work. But those are far and few between for him and more often than not in his life it’s the not-so-fun ones that stick — job interviews, playing arm candy, business parties or you know funerals.
Dean looks up from his phone, finds Eileen holding out an expensive-looking brown envelope. The light of the dining room reflects off it slightly. He’s suddenly very aware of the smell of melted cheese in the air. Apparently, he’s lost track of time there a little.
Dean doesn’t even remember being this nervous back when he sent the letter — or maybe he was and this is just worse because he’s made such a mess of this just because he couldn’t open his damn mouth — and each step he can hear from inside makes his heart speed up just a tad more, makes his hands tingle and cold sweat settle on his skin. He kind of wants to run. If only because he doesn’t want to fuck this up worse and maybe he should think about this some more. Talk this over with someone. Maybe he was wrong to tell Sam that Cas should be the first one to hear this. Maybe he should have taken the time to make an actual game plan. And what if he’s misreading this and Cas doesn’t even want to see him? An address and an invitation to call aren’t the same and-
"I'd love that." And yeah. He definitely just brought his best friend, the man he's fucking in love with, to tears. Real fucking smooth.
There's no response, just utter silence beyond the TV, and then Dean watches Cas come back into the kitchen and grab his bag. With raised eyebrows, he motions towards the stairs and Dean leaves his empty glass on the table without a second thought and follows him.
Dean's eyes snap back open, pulling him back. Cas is hovering over him again, their noses so close, that he can feel himself going cross-eyed and it takes him a second longer to focus. He meets Cas' gaze, feels the tension thumping in his body, and watches with rapt attention how Cas' eyes slip close, his forehead wrinkling and then he stills breath hitching, and tips over the edge.
“Yes. You made the decision a lot easier.” Cas actually smiles then. Smiles in a way that makes Dean’s heart kickstart up into his throat and his lunges falter. “I want this job. Except I wasn't sure if keeping whatever we built ourselves in the past weeks would be enough in the long run. I missed you so much but I needed more to not regret basing my decision at least partially on you. But with what you said last night and your letter, you took that worry away.”
But neither of them says anything. They just keep looking at each other. Drawn to each other in a way they always have been. Just a little easier because there's no need to hold back anymore. He can have this and he actually has it.
It's a road he usually does not go down, tries to avoid at all cost because what good does pining over his best friend ever do? Nothing. That's the answer. Always has been, always will be. Sure he's had a few moments where he considered doing something about it, thought hard about taking action, and then threw it back into the pits of hell because why would he when everything was fine. This way he has Cas. Every other way he might not.
Belatedly he realizes that there’s a familiar trenchcoat and tote bag lying on the passenger seat. He really should have looked twice or just closer even. Fuck he’s screwed.
It takes another second before Dean actually manages to hang up and then it takes a lot more than seconds to force himself to get back up again. His legs feel shaky, his steps a little unsteady but he makes it to the bathroom sink without much trouble. He takes care of washing his hands before rinsing his mouth and splashing some cold water onto his face. It feels nice against his clammy skin and he stays there for another moment, water slowly dripping back into the sink before he dries it off.
Despite everything in this room belonging to him fitting into one bag, he still nearly forgets Barry the grain pillow. He remembers just before he’s at the top of the stairs and doubles back, tucks it underneath his good arm, while his bag hangs heavy on the same shoulder.
Dean remembers Cas looking at him like he was crazy when he had jokingly offered to force-feed him if he couldn’t be bothered to do it himself. He also remembers Cas telling him very quietly, eyes downcast and face withdrawn, how shutting down hunger long enough to forget it had become a necessity for him for a while there but that he only ever really reverted to it for too long anymore when he was stressed. He had iterated that he was fine and that Dean didn’t need to worry.
His phone vibrates in his pocket and he pulls it out due to habit, stumbles immediately over the new notification from Twitter telling him that Cas not only liked his tweet but also replied with "Done and done."
"Everything," he whispers, presses his eyes shut and the phone closer to his ear as if it'll somehow make Cas be closer. "I want us to be everything."
The beginning of March had come and gone, as had his father's doctor appointment that had given him a clean bill of health. It came with the usual warning of being mindful of his diet and alcohol intake but it also meant Dean didn’t have to stick around any longer, didn’t have to keep up his role as caretaker. Especially not with his father going back to work as well. And yet Dean had stayed, the thought of leaving not making his stomach flutter with excitement anymore but rather with dread. Because what would he be going back to if he didn't even get to have the one thing he wanted to return to?
“I figured that the distance was at fault. You love deep and hard but it’s times ten in close quarters. Being away from the ones you love is hard for you but it helps you put things into perspective, like with your father. I thought the distance might have made you realize that there was more to your life than you had back in Boston with me and that your priorities needed rearranging. I assumed I wasn’t as high on your list anymore and wasn’t worth all that fighting and trouble I got you in.”
There had never been any of the force-feeding he’d offered at the beginning but he’d at least readily provided cooked meals and knock-off Tupperware containers to take with whenever possible. There’d been more than one occasion where he’d been reminded of cooking dinner for Sam except this time no one needed to go hungry. And if Cas had ever seemed to even hesitate to eat more than given to him as a first helping, Dean had readily refilled his own plate and offered more to him, making clear that there was plenty to go around.
“Yes, sir.” He feels like he's going to throw up, the steady thrum of what a coward he is for not preparing for this situation soon enough beating through his blood, making his vision blur and his breath catch. After all, it is his father’s house and he should know better by now. “Anything else?”
Dean [2:27 AM]: The only thing that’s in the way is me still being hung up on him. But if I tell him he at least knows where I stand. He could make his decision then and if he’s in, it won’t be just my fault for fucking it up again.
After Dean’s deposited the duffle bag at the front door — next to the small box of food he’s taking back to his own place — he makes his way up the stairs to the office, prepared to rip out his own hair over figuring out where his father stashes unpaid bills and all the stuff the hospital needs. Because surely his father won’t make his life easy and have them all still in that folder that used to sit in the kitchen. Used to be there before his father could make his own way up the stairs safely again and took care of these things himself.
Except he can’t catch a fucking break today because there are steps coming up the stairs, steps that are unmistakeably his father’s, and how long has he been kneeling here if his father is home already? Dean swallows down the sob sitting on his tongue and presses his forehead to the edge of the tub focusing on how pleasant the cold material feels against his flushed skin. He waits, tries keeping his breathing steady, and fails miserably. At least the tears stay off his face.
But now he’s standing here listening to the silence of a house he doesn’t want to be in — not like this — and doesn’t know where to start. Because there’s more to do than just picking up a few things. If he’s here already, he might as well make sure everything’s locked up and closed, clean the perishables out of the fridge, and figure out if anything else — bills, appointments — needs immediate attention. And it’s so easy to fall back into the thought process of being the one who needs to keep everything straight and in order, even if he doesn’t want to be that person in this space. Maybe he should have let Sam come here after all but no, that wouldn’t be right either.
“Do I look like I'm not?” his father snarls and Dean feels every fiber of his being snap to attention. Honestly, he should know better by now. Openly worrying is not going to get him anywhere. Openly worrying is the surefire way to disaster.
He can’t help the laugh slipping from his mouth and adding that to the reasons he loves Cas. “Right. Be glad Baby didn’t hear you badmouthing her.”
That seems to do the trick because Cas at least seems to be breathing again. He flattens his lips, eyebrows knitting together, and still doesn’t look at Dean.
Being ambushed by Jo and Charlie at 10 AM to go dress shopping for Garth’s wedding was in fact not on the list.
"Hello, Dean." There's some rustling on his side, the static of wind hitting the speaker before it gets a little quieter again. He can hear a car horn in the background.
“No, tell me, dad. Do I not deserve comfort? Or is it because I’m a man and comfort isn’t manly enough for you? Or maybe the problem is actually that Cas gave it to me.” He straightens up, stares his father down. It’s funny how he was dead on his feet a minute ago when right now his body feels like a live wire. “Which one is it, tell me.”
“That was one of my favorite dates,” Cas says. He nuzzles his nose into Dean's hair, tugs at a strand of it. Dean can feel his lips tilt into a smile against his forehead.
Though one part of his brain reminds him that both of them deserve it and that he actually is kind of excited because he'll be an uncle and he'll most definitely be the coolest uncle.
His hand is shaking when he holds out the envelope towards Cas and he takes a deep breath, tries steadying it but it’s no use. The bright
“Okay,” he whispers and blinks. When Cas tugs on his wrist once more before letting go, Dean lets his body slip down until he can rest his head in Cas's lap. He tucks his feet up onto the couch, pushes them underneath the throw pillow at the end, and moves until he finds a comfortable position. He can feel Cas shift underneath him a bit, feels his foot nudge against his arm and then he settles as well. Dean keeps his gaze fixed on the TV, adamant about not looking up at Cas. He doesn’t want to see how much this doesn’t affect him. After a moment where they’ve both been quiet, Dean says, “Thank you.”
“And so you can come back by yourself and buy it without our input if you do end up needing a new one.”
Dean shoots Oliver’s kindergarten teacher an apologetic smile before he turns towards Oliver, who’s tripping over himself in his haste to cross the whole playground. God, it’s nice to be once again treated with the massive amount of enthusiasm a kid showers only their favorite things with. That they change daily doesn’t matter. He’s on the list again and he’ll do his damn hardest to stay in the kid's good graces this time.
But now that he’s already looking without being scrutinized in return, he can’t help but take stock of how his father looks. As far as Dean can see he seems healthy, if admittedly rougher around the edges and with darker circles underneath his eyes than Dean’s seen on him in a while. But they could simply stem from lack of sleep which can have so many factors that aren’t strictly health-related. The heat, stress, drinking. He’s sure it’s just one of the simpler things for once.
“Dean.” That’s Cas's voice. But he sounds a little strangled and Dean furrows his brows, blindly moves his hand to wrap around Cas's on his shoulder. He feels it twitch in his.
Right now, nothing comes to mind that would fit into that category, and the worst part about that is the treacherous feeling of hope that immediately takes up space in Dean’s heart when it really shouldn’t. Yeah, he misses him, loves him, wants to talk with him but he’s also a lot more than mad at Cas these days — mostly it circles back to what a coward he was for picking text over call, for picking Dean breaking them up over doing the work himself — and it’s a mixture of those two that makes him forget all possible consequences and press call the second he’s awake enough to form coherent sentences.
A huffed laugh, warm against his collarbone even through his shirt. As if the concept of fear is still so far off Cas' mind despite everything that happened. "Goodnight, Dean."
On top of that, it’s not like it’ll be forever. Dean’s supposed to be here until the end of November. Long enough so that his father will be far enough into his recovery to hopefully be able to take care of himself again, as well as the usual mundane daily tasks you take for granted until you don’t. There are still some things left to figure out until then — when his father will be okay to drive again, whether or not he can be convinced to let a cleaning service into the house, things like that — but in the end, Dean can go back to Boston, to his own life, his job and regular nights out for pool and poker, back to Cas. Back to two or three visits a year and missing his nephew growing up, missing his oldest friends and the entirety of his ragtag family that came together in the weirdest ways and then just stayed around.
“Uhm, by the way, did you get what I sent you?” he asks, when there's a lull in conversation during their phone call. It's at least his third opening but he chickened out the times before. He tries to sound as nonchalant as he can even if his throat is tight with hope but also with the fact that he's suddenly scared shitless. Because maybe Cas hasn’t said anything because he has
“Look, I-” he starts, breaks off again, takes a deep breath. “I'm doing this because my shit’s still there, not to make you feel guilty or like a charity case.” He waits for Cas to respond but there's nothing on the other end. For a moment he wonders if he just left the phone to itself and maybe he has because if there's one person in the world that would leave a conversation in the middle of it, it'd be Cas. Nevertheless, Dean continues talking. Because talking means distracting his brain from the uneven thrum of his heartbeat and the tears still sitting in his eyes. “And believe me, I know you could somehow manage to pay rent by yourself. I mean, you've done that before, living off rice and broth for weeks because you needed money elsewhere. But look, man, you don't have to, is all I'm saying.”
“Yeah. Stupid, not taking orders from anybody, not thinking beyond himself. Sure does sound like him,” Dean growls and leans further back into the chair, looks over at Cas, who’s silently watching both of them. It’s stupid but seeing him here like this, having the difference a year made right here, makes some of the anger over what he lost rise back up in Dean’s chest. He blinks, lowers his gaze to where he’s clutching the candy bar too tightly. His voice is steadier than he feels when he says, “I’m not going to look after him this time.”
Cas replies within seconds. As if he's been waiting for this. Or as if he's in another park, taking more pictures of flowers and insects, phone already in his hands.
“Then at least have the decency to warn me next time!” Dean feels his phone vibrate in his hand and he swallows down the urge to unlock it again. He already knows it’s from Cas and he won’t give Sam any more ammunition.
So his reply comes as easy as the grin on his face, while he pulls out of the parking spot. “Feel free, sunshine.”
But with nothing from Cas, Dean apparently has to bring it up first. Again. Because technically he already brought it up. Except this time it feels like walking himself to the gallows, even worse than writing and going through the ordeal of actually sending the letter. Not because he thinks he will get a no for both questions — maybe one of them if he’s being pessimistic — but overall he’s pretty positive about this except for where he just doesn’t want to wait any longer because he hates feeling like it’s still a secret when it shouldn’t be anymore. But he will be forced to wait if he doesn’t at least ask if the letter arrived. He can't really lose any more sleep over this than he already has. He can’t really afford to lose any more sleep period — if he thought his dreams were bad before, they are nothing compared to the more recent ones.
He knows his father isn't okay with him being bi. Or rather isn't okay with him acting on it. He has heard it in all the subtle and not so subtle digs at himself and more so at Cas, whenever Dean brings him around. But this? Being so obviously and loudly angry about it is a new low, even for him.
"I needed-" He clears his throat, cheeks flushed and eyes wide and too earnest. It's a fantastic look on him. "I can't focus with you close."
Dean makes it to the playground in record time and in one piece. That he didn’t have to ask which playground Cas meant speaks volumes but there’s only one playground he’d even bring up and they’ve been there a handful of times and if this isn’t a sign that Cas read the letter Dean doesn’t know what is.
"Yeah. Just uh backing cookies. For the potluck." His voice is still tripping over itself in his haste to bring out the words. To say something to make this better.
“Oh, I’m sure there’d be ways to convince you,” Cas says. When he continues his voice is a little quieter, dipping a little lower. “I mean, I got you onto a plane before. A spaceship shouldn’t require much more.”
And sure enough, a few minutes later a woman comes bursting through a door off to the side, a clipboard in hand and glasses pushed onto her head. She glances at them before frowning down at her clipboard once more. “Family of John Winchester?”
And when Dean glances over at him, he finds an almost smug smile on his face and he feels his breath catch in his throat all over again and there’s a growing ache in his body that has nothing to do with pain. He forces his eyes back to the TV to flip through the channels because he’s pretty sure he’d do something stupid like kiss that smile right off Cas's face otherwise.
“Hell, I’m not kicking you out, kid.” Bobby nudges his hat back and scratches at his head before tugging his hat back into place. “I’m not your old man.”
Despite Sam’s earlier words, it’s not much longer until a nurse approaches them. It’s the same one that offered him water earlier. “Dean Winchester?”
Only when they're making their way towards the front door, Cas with his bag slung over his shoulder and Dean with the groceries in his hands, does Cas say, “So am I allowed to rub my presence in his face today or should I make myself scarce?”
I am of low maintenance, don't require constant attention, and am able to take care of myself. I am moderately good looking and have learned one or two things you might enjoy during sexual intercourse. I've also spent a lot of time in the past years secretly improving my pie baking skills and have added rated reference pictures. I might have become a passable cook as well.
“You mean over the weekend.” Because it’s Thursday already and surely Cas will have to play catch up as early as possible. No matter what he’s doing. And it’s no secret that he’s always been serious about whichever project he’s working on at the time and tends to do more than necessary. Including bringing work into his time off. They rarely disagreed about that if only because Cas was all too willingly dragged away from it in turn.
The words feel like a slap across the face, the anger in them palpable and Dean inhales sharply, straightens up. He feels utterly defenseless under Cas's stare, pinned in place. He should have known that would come back to bite him in the ass.
By the time he’s as high as he could possibly get, Cas has long since moved aside and plucked Oliver off the ground. His scarf is still all askew and he looks ruffled, nose red and smile wide and with Oliver’s own cheek pressed against his, Dean wants to kiss him just as badly as he wants to marry him. In fact, he could do at least one of those right now.
The rest of his words get lost in a sharp sound of pain bursting out of his lungs and then he’s on his knees, left arm twisted onto his back with the pressure of his father’s weight tugging at his shoulder.
He swallows, blinks against the hot ache behind his eyes, and focuses on the road. “What do you say about baking cookies before we head to the playground later?”
In fact, it kind of told Dean everything he needed to know about how bad he felt for even bringing it up in the first place. Which is stupid.
“I swear you’re being obtuse on purpose.” Charlie’s rolling her eyes again and Jo’s full-on laughing at him. “Think about it. You broke up with him out of nowhere, broke his heart. But when he runs into you again six months later he still talks to you, even flirts. And beyond that, he goes as far as seeking you out because he still wants you in his life apparently despite you being the asshole in his version of the scenario. Then you show up and tell him, hey still in love, and here’s why we broke up. So just for a second think about him getting this info and now having to process that. Because you aren’t the only one who didn’t question why you two broke up, and I don’t know him as well as you do but I do know that Cas will blame himself for this just as much.”
“Dean.” Cas's face softens and something akin to a smile makes its way onto his face. Except there’s a heavy look to his body, shoulders dropping and hair a mess like there have been fingers running through it for the better part of the day, tugging and twisting the strands. That he’s dressed in sweatpants and a ratty shirt, when he so rarely dresses down, doesn’t help either. Frankly said, he looks about ready to drop dead and Dean’s nerves are gone in a flash, replaced by the overwhelming need to hug him and then tuck him into bed.
They bask in the silence for a moment, only broken by both of them still sniffling from time to time. Really though, two grown-ass men crying during their own love confession, if that isn't a chick-flick-moment if Dean has ever seen one. None of their friends will ever let them live this down when they'll hear it. He really doesn't care. Maybe he shouldn't get ahead of himself though. "Cas?"
Cas licks his lips, brows furrowed, and takes it. He opens the envelope with too much care and then he's pulling a single piece of paper out, unfolds it.
Another second passes and when Jo basically shouts, “Shut up, you don't!” he realizes what he just said.
Working out has never really been an activity he deemed fun, mostly because it just seemed so tedious to spend that energy on nothing when he could use it to be more productive — or have sex. Though maybe sex does count as a workout if you draw it out long enough. Either way though, college had been college, no matter how much he’d been rolling around in the hay. Spending more time bent over books and desks than over more preferred surfaces had done its number on him.
“I know.” He didn’t. He absolutely forgot about it. He wipes his hands dry first, then the bar. He purses his lips. Fuck he has no idea where his invitation is or who he can ask to send him a picture of theirs without having to resort to bribery. Maybe Garth. But that would surely disappoint the guy and Dean doesn’t want to look like he doesn’t care.
Fuck he wishes he would have just opened his fucking mouth back in March and asked the important questions back then. He could’ve had it so easy but no. Easy and Dean Winchester don’t seem to belong in the same sentence.
It takes a few minutes into the drive for any actual conversation to pick up again, Oliver still a little quiet. And Dean. Well, Dean is weak. He swallows the question down two times but on the third time he glances back, Oliver’s watching him, and shit he just really wants to know what the kid was talking about. “So you saw Uncle Cas?”
He says, “I didn’t. I wanted to marry him,” and when his father actually stops and turns to look at him, he follows it with, “Still do.”
“Of course,” Cas says as if he’s simply been asked to set the table and then his hand is covering Dean’s. When Dean turns over his own hand, goes from holding onto Cas to holding his hand, Cas lets him.
Cas [4:50 PM]: Using its weight and heat as a focus point will most likely help as well when you try to calm down your mind and body.
Sam [10:34 PM]: Which is exactly why it will be you explaining it to him. If he sees you're upset, he'll know it's okay for him to be, too.
Dean shrugs his shoulders, shoves the empty wrapper of the candy bar into the pocket of his jacket. When Cas holds out a second one without hesitation, Dean rolls his eyes but takes it anyway. It’s not like he’s got the wrong idea, even if his mind isn’t on board with the idea of food, his body surely could use it. He doesn’t open it just yet though. “He stopped going to his checkups as far as I know. Wouldn’t surprise me if he stopped doing anything to prevent it from happening again.”
“Of course not.” Dean can't help the relieved sigh slipping out. “I'll even let you in on a secret. Museums are a lot more fun when the tour guide is your boyfriend.”
Sam heaves a sigh and puts his fork down. When he meets his eyes, he's looking far more serious than he's supposed to. It takes Dean a second to place the look — worry but in a parental way — and he feels himself bristle. This is his little brother. He has no business looking at him like that and yet here they are. Honestly, when did Sam become the grown-up one between the two of them?
He takes another sip of the coffee, swallows heavily around it and she takes his silence as the agreement it is. She starts rearranging the sugar packets in their little basket, putting way too much care into it.
He stares at her a moment longer, blinks. He lifts his hands automatically when he opens his mouth but lowers them again when he realizes he's blanking on any of the signs he would need. He feels heat gather in his face. He's not even sure if he bothered learning them, not even when he was still wide-eyed and hopeful and it makes him feel even worse. “Sorry,” he says but Eileen just continues smiling at him while she waits him out.
And oh, didn’t that set a bunch of butterflies loose in Dean’s stomach when Cas reached out three times in a row after Dean thought the conversation was done and over already and was prepared to slip back into moping. But Cas seemed adamant on wrangling stupid tidbits about the past few months from him. All safe topics — Oliver, movies, friends, and family (save for his father) — nothing that should spark unpleasant memories, nothing that would lead to too much bite or an end to their texting. But it’s a conversation just the same and one interjected with pictures and jokes and sarcasm. A freakishly normal conversation Dean could see himself exchanging with most of the people he considers close. It’s as if they are testing the waters between them and all things considered they are surprisingly peaceful.
sits on his lips but he swallows it down. He wanders a little further away from the entrance of the bar, leans against the wall of it. “Well, I did. So if you want something, out with it.”
“Why do you even care? We're not-” Cas breaks off as if saying it, saying what they aren’t anymore, is too much, even for him.
“I was just changing the channel. It caught my attention,” Cas says and regards him with a flat look, that makes Dean huff with — mostly fake — annoyance. He takes his space next to Cas on the couch again, knee knocking into Cas's foot, and fuck it he’s going to sit as close as he wants if Cas won’t protest.
And he knows why. Knows why he wants to be next to it. But it's just such nonsense. A flimsy excuse for comfort but still he's here because it makes him feel more at ease after waking up from splashes of memories and nightmares mixed with specks of hope that don't make sense in the slightest. But he's tired and after Bobby- after that he doesn't care enough to pretend that this isn't helping somehow. Some days he feels like he's losing his head.
So while he stuffs the bare necessities and some of his father’s clothes into a duffle bag, Dean makes the decision that he’ll give himself a few more hours with Cas tonight and then rip that bandaid off and leave it in Cas's hands. With his father in the hospital and the wedding tomorrow, Dean’s sure he can keep himself from wallowing in his own feelings too much while he waits for an answer, even if just for the weekend. But if he’s honest it would also give him a pretty decent excuse to get drunk tomorrow night. He planned to anyway. But having an excuse ready that’s not just him being, well, jealous, surely will help with keeping the girls off his case. Though he still hopes they won’t ditch him for their dates the whole night. He’s certain that wouldn’t end well for him.
“Then this is it.” Cas sounds apathetic like he was really just waiting for Dean to finally come around to the idea of them no longer being them.
Dean goes for a smile that feels forced and too stiff before he makes his final escape to his bedroom. When he slips into his bed, it feels like heaven to his body — the couch really isn’t that comfortable — sheets cool and soft on his skin. But despite the weariness of his body, his mind stays alert, focused solely on the sounds coming from the rest of his apartment. He closes his eyes.
But really it doesn’t matter. Not when Cas waits until Dean steps back himself. Not when he reaches out to carefully rub the sleeve of his shirt along his cheeks to take care of the leftover tears. Not when he takes Dean to the small window seat and pushes him down onto it. His hands linger on Dean’s shoulders for a moment, thumb brushing back and forth and eyes fixed on his face like he’s considering his options. Then he moves to the couch and back to Dean in seconds, plucks up the blanket on his way, and wraps it around Dean’s shoulders like it’s a shock blanket and Dean’s just been part of an accident that goes beyond emotional pain.
“And we got to talk about our weekend today!” Oliver ends on, while Dean starts in on the fight of buckling him into his car seat in Sam’s car — they had the fight about seatbelts and safety and the Impala a while back and Dean was fine with not winning it for the sake of the kid. But the fact that it now includes swapping cars for the day just so that he can pick Oliver up from kindergarten? Yeah, he doesn’t like that as much.
He only gets silence as a reply and it drags on while Dean finally makes his way back into the living room. The TV’s still playing on mute when he settles back down onto the sofa. He stays at the edge of the seat though, doesn’t dare to get comfortable and let his guard down further. He feels like he’s stretched too thin, ready to snap.
And there's that look on Sam's face, like he's about to say something, question him, not leave. But then he smiles, shrugs his shoulders, says "Yeah, sure." and disappears.
But his alternatives are walking or calling a fucking cab and he really doesn’t have the time or patience for either. He takes the keys. “Thank you.”
“So linner?” Dean offers in return, voice hoarse, and when Cas only stares at him and tilts his head, he cracks a smile. “Like too late for lunch and too early for dinner?”
Cas freezes, one leg already out on the pavement. And even in the dim light of the gas station, Dean can see the way his ears flush and how his jaw clenches. The penny drops pretty quickly.
“Yeah, between job one and two, babysitting and acting like I’m going to yell at you if you leave a plate next to instead of in the sink.”
The whole thing feels too filled with urgency, too rushed and yet Dean feels too caught up in the why of this, in the way they got here to get where he should. Because he needs to take what he can get, take what Cas willingly offers him because he will never ask for it and he knows that the moment will break soon, one of them caving, jumping the cliff and ending this. And then they'll be right back to where they were. Cas human and fragile, Dean not there.
“It’s nothing,” Cas says and then a bit softer, “Please don’t hesitate to let me know if you need anything.”
“Sounds like fun.” And like Cas. Dean has a moment of utter bewilderment, trying to decide if the kid just has a vivid imagination — he does or else he wouldn’t talk to bugs like they respond — or he honest to god saw him over the weekend. But surely he can differentiate between reality and fantasy. He's old enough for that. But that would then raise the question of
His heart flutters, when Cas finally looks at him again, a hesitant smile replacing his contemplative expression. “Go to bed, Dean.”
“Dean. Doing a good parenting job and giving Oliver what he needs is one thing. But he’s only five and chances are he’ll adjust and won’t even bother asking for Cas much longer. Sure he might still miss him for a while but sooner or later he’ll reach a point where he’ll get it.” She sighs heavily. “But he hasn’t got years of memories with Cas like you do. He didn’t want to spend the rest of his life with him like you do. And he doesn’t love him like you do. So if you’re not sure you can stomach the thought of us keeping in contact with him, that’s okay.”
"It's fine. Very interesting but I don't think I'll be able to use much of my newly collected knowledge for my work."
That one hits, smashes right into the small ball of hope in Dean’s chest, and shatters it into pieces. The pain of it comes along with a sudden wetness in his eyes before he even fully comprehends what this means. Not his apartment anymore. Not his home anymore. It's not a surprise and yet it is. He didn't want to go back, not really, but to have even the idea of it, the smallest sliver of hope denied like this hurts. Dean sits up, pulls his legs underneath him, and presses his free hand against his forehead.
Dean wishes he had the energy to argue but as it is all he can bring out is, “Look, I’m really sorry, Cas.”
All Dean can hear is the rushing of his own blood. For a second he wonders if he’s going to pass out from nothing but then he blinks a few times and the world slips back into focus. His father’s words have draped themselves over him like a heavy blanket and Dean actually takes a second to consider it this time, then he follows his father. He catches up to him at the bottom of the stairs, makes sure to stop on the last step to stay above his father. To be able to look down at him for once. If a fight is what his father expects from him, he can have it. He doesn’t care about the consequences. He’s so far past it today.
“What's up?” he mumbles, rubs his eyes. He didn’t manage to fall asleep but he’d been dozing, dropping in and out of awareness and it was apparently enough to make him feel even more exhausted. The heat coming off Oliver's body sprawled on the bed next to him doesn't help in the least.
Dean nods, takes it for what it is, and tangles his fingers with Cas's, stuffs the candy bar into the same pocket as the empty wrapper because his stomach is turning again and his eyes burn. He keeps his gaze on the linoleum floor, tries to not let it get too blurry with tears.
Another Christmas song starts softly playing from the radio on the fridge when Cas steps back into the kitchen. They exchange a look and he wordlessly steps up next to him and picks up a dish towel to start drying the dishes.
Absolutely not what he meant to say but apparently he left both his filter and common sense back in the Impala and only took his treacherous heart with him. Well, in for a penny, in for a pound. Though it’s really no fun to watch Cas's face freeze, eyes widening and mouth slightly open, before it turns into a scowl. There’s an almost dangerous glint in his eyes, one that’s clear on how the ice Dean’s walking on already has several cracks.
Cas doesn't answer but his brows furrow and his eyes slip shut. Dean forces his breaths to stay even and slow, extending the pause after each inhale and exhale unnecessarily. He counts along in his head, mumbles "In," and "Out," aloud with each rise and fall of his chest.
Dinner is chaotic, loud, and happy. There's always somebody talking, laughing. There's some arguing because that's inevitable with their whole group so rarely getting together like this. But it's always good-natured and no one's holding grudges. And there are tears from laughter and even some emotional ones.
He keeps scrolling but even Charlie's throwback tweets about meeting some actress at a convention and some pretty fantastic – read hot – pictures from it, can't pick up his mood. Especially not when he sees the last picture where it's not just Charlie but Charlie and Stevie being just as disgustingly sweet with each other as his brother and Eileen. It's just not fair.
It doesn't. It sounds exactly like the kind of disgusting domestic stuff he wants to do with him. Like the stuff that could fill the pit of longing and loneliness in his stomach.
“Fine.” The way Cas rolls his eyes moves his whole body and Dean can’t help but smile while unlocking the door and stepping inside.
“Mr. Winchester, it's nice to see you,” Cas says, saccharin sweet and voice positively dripping with it.
“Dean.” The previous anger is gone as quickly as it had appeared and when Cas drags a hand over his arm, tugs at his sleeve, Dean lets him even if he wants to shrink away from the touch. “Why didn't you tell them?”
“Very aware of that, thank you,” he grumbles but picks up the bottle and takes a sip anyway. Over the rim of it, he meets Charlie's and Jo's eyes respectively. Despite the smiles on their faces, they look put out. He sets the beer back down, sighs. “Sorry. I'm killing the mood.”
“That’s not the Impala,” Cas says when Dean’s in earshot, and Jesus Christ Dean loves him so fucking much.
“Promise?” Dean whispers into the small pocket between them and stares him down, tries matching Cas's unnerving ability of just forgoing blinking and losing like always.
"It's okay. I'm feeling better now." His voice hitches a little, starting to sound suspiciously shaky, despite his words.
And that’s the thing, he isn’t. He wants this to be easy but it isn’t. He wants to go check on his father and not feel the shame and guilt of considering his death to be the better option here. He wants to have back the feeling of being a child and not even knowing that your parents can leave you. He wants to not have to constantly worry about the people he cares about because they care enough about him to take care of themselves. He just wants everything to be okay for once and not feel like he’s missing something or someone, like he’s about to lose another part of his carefully built life.
did have a nice ring to it but it’s certainly not all they’d been during the whole process — but in the end, it’s the thought. Just the idea that Cas looked at the finished product of hundreds of hours of his own life and thought that Dean deserved to be part of it even after the way things ended, even if he didn’t love him anymore. It was enough to make Dean a little teary. He was just really fucking proud of Cas and that it came with a bonus of apparently still being in the run for some form of best friend was a lot. In the best way.
, can he? That’s a step far beyond what they’ve deemed safe topics so far. He decides to play it dumb. “What about me?”
Because his thoughts just kept going and he feels the same way he had back when he’d first come to Lawrence last year. Everything, no matter how small or stupid, seems to be reminding him of Cas and how much he misses him. And it’s always followed by a constant stream of
“I don’t remember getting a letter from you.” Cas flips the letter over in his hands, stares at it for a moment longer, and seems to finally take note of the stamp and sticker from the postal service on it. He looks back up. “It didn’t get to me.”
Another sigh leads him to the kitchenette that’s nearly a full kitchen but can’t even fit a tiny table and a chair. He eats in the living room most days — the secondhand couch has most definitely seen worse things than food — and sometimes he indulges and even goes as far as the small built-in window seat that was the biggest reason for choosing this apartment. It’s funny how he’d still rather sit at a proper table and have his dinner there. With company preferably.
Jo shrugs her shoulders, Charlie's smile brightens. It should be sad that they seem to be used to him like this. “You wanna tell us what's wrong?”
Still, schooling his features into something more neutral while calling out “I'm back,” feels almost natural and he waves Cas along into the kitchen after they've taken off their shoes and jackets, to drop off the groceries. He's kind of glad he can busy his hands with putting them away because it barely takes a second before there's the unmistakable presence of his father entering the room, his steps accompanied by the familiar sound of his walking boot.
A pause and he can feel Cas staring up at him from underneath the towel, once more draped over his hair - it's peaking out, dark against the off-white fabric and Dean wants to dig his fingers into it without the barrier once more. It'd be tangled, soft and real. Instead, he meets Cas' eyes.
He looks disheveled, tie loosened and top buttons undone and why he still insists on dressing up to these dinners is beyond Dean. He'd be fine in just jeans and a sweater like everybody else. But then again it also makes him Cas and to be fair Dean does take secret joy in it. Loves seeing him put together until he isn't, the flush in his cheeks from the wine Eileen brought not helping, making him look even more indecent. And oh, the places his mind is going again.
in the daily crossword. He spares a glance at the time, becomes fully aware again of how he’s been at this for at least half an hour, and is still not even close to finishing it. He’s trying though, has taken up the habit to at least get as far as he can before he leaves it to go about his day. Because sure he’s got his own bout of knowledge but to him, it feels more on the nerdy end and not on the daily usage one, certainly not fit for the standard newspaper crosswords, certainly not enough to finish one. Yet. It’s a work in progress. And it keeps his mind occupied for at least a few hours each day, distracts him from the things he doesn’t want to think about too much.
screams it's way through his nerves and lights them on fire. And maybe not much changed after all, maybe-
It took Dean another five months and a joint trip back home to his family to connect all the dots he’d been offered over time and to figure out that Cas had been homeless at some point. It wasn’t his proudest moment but he made up for it afterwards by doing his damn hardest to keep them on a
They're at the motel, packing up before leaving. Or more so Sam packing the last of his stuff into the trunk and Dean leaning against the side of the Impala, waiting so they can finally get back on the road. Get away.
It’s not even a lie. He knows the conversation between the two of them isn’t quite done yet but their text conversation last night was good and when Dean could already supply a solution for the job problem — for now at least — Cas just let him have it and didn't dig into the whole
It takes him a moment longer to find his words again and he digs his shaking fingers into the fabric of his jeans to steady them for a second before he uses them to sign whatever he can. “I asked him if he could see himself moving here with me. And I asked-” He has to stop, clear his throat. The implications of his words seem to have already registered for her but he still continues. “I asked him if he wanted to marry me.”
Dean doesn’t think he’s ever been happier that there’s no one looking at him to witness his reaction. Because his face, already in a frown, crumbles further and there’s the immediate onset of wetness in his eyes. He inhales sharply, blinks and blinks and blinks until the sting fades the tiniest bit. He clears his throat. “Has it?”
On the surface, it was an okay day not much different from others. He went to work in the morning — spent more time in the office than with his hands on a car though because Bobby figured he could use his ‘college brain’ for once — he had lunch with Charlie at the gaming cafe and then bought himself a few new shirts — he’s no closer to figuring out how to go about getting his stuff — before treating himself to some pie and coffee because why the hell not.
Dean hums in acknowledgment, pulls the groceries one at a time from the bag, and places them onto the counter, movements slow and thought out.
Dean looks back over at Cas, takes note of his furrowed brow, how tight his grip on the steering wheel is. He waits him out, wanting to hear whatever he’s offering.
. There’s no chance in hell he won’t fuck this up further the longer they keep this up without talking about the elephant in the room.
“Mostly the second. It's crunch time I guess. He hasn’t been really forthcoming on updates on his work lately.”
“Dean.” There’s the hint of a warning in Cas's voice and he shoots him a look. On any other day, Dean would push, would nudge Cas that little bit further to get him to say what he’s not saying. But today it feels like a moot point. If just because Dean’s a little worried that Cas will ditch him after all. He really doesn’t want that, feels himself shiver at the notion of being by himself.
He sounds fine, which is a relief — Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever get over the anxious feeling unexpected phone calls send through him. The
isn’t in his father’s vocabulary. Not when it comes to things like this, things involving Dean being negligent or forgetful about his responsibilities. Those are never fine in his father’s book. So something’s wrong. Dean frowns, offering, “We could order pizza,” for lack of an idea what the actual problem could even be.
He looks over at Sam, catches his expression and forces his eyes back onto the road. There's a sudden lump in his throat, making it more difficult than it should be to say, "A little more information, Sam."
, one of his girlfriends had called him once. He’d scoffed at it even if he knew that his version of politeness varied wildly from that of the people surrounding him. And sure maybe he’d been obviously a little more than polite this time. He’ll admit that. But flirting while being flirted with is very much allowed.
He knows because logically, he should hate Cas, resent him a little for what he did at least. There’s nothing that should make him want to keep up the contact, to reach out again and try to find out if there’s something left to fix. If there’s at least a sliver of the man he thought he knew left. The man that loves him. Or seemed to at least. But despite that, he can’t help but want to keep some form of connection between them. He can’t help but wonder if he should let Sam and Eileen reach out to Cas just so that he has the chance of maybe talking to him again. Seeing him again. Just having him in his life in some way and knowing how he’s doing. Oh isn’t it grand, how he can’t help but want him in his life despite everything?
The only thing Dean can think of to say, to make it go away is, "Will you stay the night with me? On Christmas Eve?" And when Cas doesn't immediately answer he continues hastily, "I mean you'd come by on the 25th again anyway. And I'm sure Jack will be fine driving back to Kelly's on his own. Or we could drive him if you don't want him on the roads alone. Or Kelly could join us for dinner, too. I know she usually helps out around town on the 24th but maybe she'll want to swing by to-"
If he’s honest, he always comes up empty, when he thinks about a future in Boston for too long. Has for a while now.
To have none of that register for his father hurts and for a moment he wonders if his father ever even wondered about how his children had felt when they got that stupid fucking call from the hospital last year.
Dean blinks up at him, purses his lips. Cas just continues looking at him, still smiling and happy even. Like this is the best way he could’ve imagined the night going, like there’s nowhere he’d rather be than stuck as Dean’s pillow while surrounded by people he still mostly knows through Dean’s words only.
“Dean.” She’s staring at him again. “I literally have a one-sided text conversation from you about how he wasn’t acting like an ex should when you were under the impression that he turned you down. And now you know he didn’t. So what’s not clicking here?”
Because he’s here, isn’t he? Cleaning up after his father, making sure he doesn’t overexert himself, that he gets to his appointments on time and eats proper, mostly healthy meals, and has everything he could need or ask for right there under his nose without too much effort. Oh and of course so that he isn’t alone throughout this whole stroke recovery process and has an emotional support system within arms reach that he can turn to whenever he pleases.
Cas says, “Nothing will happen,” and it’s enough to pull Dean back from fidgeting with the keys of the Impala. “The likelihood of dying in a plane crash is minuscule in comparison to dying in a car crash. So maybe I should force you to walk back instead.”
She sounds a little put out but the door falls shut behind her nonetheless and he’s left alone again. Well not completely. Dean lowers his phone back to his ear. “So, how much of that did you hear?”
“Dad and I got into an argument and I didn’t- I didn’t back down. He was actually being decent for once and it felt so wrong that I- I just needed to say my piece. You know what he did after? Compliment me on getting my fight back, on not being ‘under your thumb’ anymore. Like it was your fault that I-” He breaks off when he hears Cas's sharp inhale, takes his own deep breath to force the next words out. “I wanted to punch him so badly. But I didn’t. Just told him to shut up and stop talking about you. He still kept pushing, so I did too and that- it was the first time he actually hurt me since I was eighteen. I couldn’t stay there a second longer. I couldn’t keep pretending I was okay with being around him.”
He gives himself five seconds to breathe before he presses the home button on his phone and then selects his contacts. He doesn't have to look far, Cas sits right at the top of the list, and he hits the call button without thinking.
“Nah. Don’t deserve her, if I’m that stupid.” He snuffles, wipes his cheeks on the blanket and when he looks back up, Cas is looking at him again, so much warmth in his eyes that Dean feels his cheeks flush hot all of a sudden.
Dean wakes up covered in sweat, body frozen and mouth open around a wordless noise that stole the air right from his lunges. His heart is hammering in his chest and the moment drags on until he manages to will himself to move, to fight against the darkness by flopping his hand to the nightstand.
His heart skips a beat before it continues beating at a much faster pace. “No,” he breathes, “Thought about bringing a friend but it didn’t- I didn’t want to.”
He whistles once, Miracle's brightly glowing collar appearing from behind a bush and eyes staring him down for a few seconds. When he doesn't whistle again, she returns to snooping through the underbrush. With a sigh, Dean follows the path further into the desolate park.
The sheer possibility of maybe running into Cas again is enough to make Dean instantly blurt, “Yes,” without even considering how bad of an idea that is.
“Dad broke something in his foot and he’s supposed to stay off of it. The doctor said it'll take at least six weeks to fully heal.” Every breath burns in his throat. If he hadn’t stayed in bed, if he hadn’t for once decided to try and go back to sleep after waking too early, maybe he could’ve- “I called into work and they told me they have to let me go if I don't come back by December.”
Another gentle tug on his arm. “I won’t make a big deal out of it, Dean. If you really don’t want to just tell me but otherwise...”
Folding the letter and slipping it back into the envelope is made unnecessarily difficult by the tears blurring his vision and dripping down his nose. What doesn’t help either is the fact that the letter was open, to begin with, is making his hands shake with anger. That his father — because it couldn’t have been anyone else — laid his fingers on this, read at least some part of this, and never thought it relevant to give it back to Dean. Actively must have decided against returning it and showing, what would have been the tiniest bit of growth and love for his own fucking son by supporting the future of his relationship. He might as well be the sole reason Dean fucked up the best thing he had. He might as well be dead to Dean then and if he even so much as dares to ask him for any help, any support, or even just a visit in the near future, Dean will fucking shatter the last part of himself, that’s arguing for keeping his father around, into a million pieces and never look at it again.
Dean knows this and even if he isn’t the biggest fan of buttering people up to get things, he’s taken advantage of it a few times. It was how he got his job back in Boston and it’s how he not only ended up working at Bobby’s garage but also living with him.
Dean [5:51 PM]: Most of the guys at the garage have kids, so they get first pick for time off during summer and you probably don’t want to wait on me forever.
“Dean,” Cas says and Dean snaps his mouth shut. “I let them know today that I’m taking the offer. Because of you.”
“How's that PhD of yours going?” They've run out of other topics and Cas has been quiet on it lately. Dean’s acutely aware of how that’s never a good thing. He’s usually bursting with the need to share whatever he considers worth sharing. Which is a lot. So utter silence is just not a good sign.
“I know I hurt you too much to be allowed to ask anything from you. But please read it? And please take as long as you need to think about your answer. And I don’t even mean to the letter. Just- Just to us, okay. I’m fine waiting and honestly? You deserve to make me wait as long as you want.” He smiles but it’s small and sad and absolutely overshadowed by the tear that he can feel slipping down his cheek. “I’m going to leave now.”
Underneath Dean has been a mess since he woke up from a dream that he instinctively knew to be not just a dream but more like a mix of fantasy and memory, a lot of
"We should talk," Cas says, voice rough and breathless yet even deeper than usual. It makes Dean shiver. He feels all about sixteen again, nerves on fire from a simple touch, a single kiss. He forces his eyes open, gets caught by the intensity in Cas's eyes, the way there's barely any color left with how huge his pupils are.
Dean nods, more so to himself, and pushes off the car to open the door and gets in. He feels impatient, restless, not welcome or comfortable. Driving will make it better. It always does. Sam doesn't try to make conversation, flips through the pages of a book before turning to stare out of the window. There's silence for the first few hours, only broken by the music coming from the radio, not even a single question about when they'll stop for the food they both could've gone for not too long ago.
There’s a moment where Dean considers just skipping lunch and spending his break outside but the feeling of his sweaty shirt sticking to him in all the worst ways reminds him how he really doesn’t want to. Manning up it is then.
“Oh shit.” He rips his phone away from his ear — barely catches Cas's confused noise — and holds it as high as he can. It’s not a second too soon because Charlie barrels into him the next and tries reaching for it. She’s already lost by the mere fact that she is shorter than him. It doesn’t seem to bother her.
The present exchange following dinner is short and methodical this year. Really, it's just the exchange and joking and trying to figure out what the hell is in this weirdly shaped package without actually unwrapping it. Because that's for Christmas morning because this is Dean's potluck, so his rules of no presents before Christmas apply. He really doesn't care if everybody hates him for it, tradition is tradition. He never opens anyone's presents before the 25th, always makes sure to take them home wrapped. It's just how it's supposed to be. And yes maybe it makes it less fun because they can't all laugh at each other's gifts and make fun of them. But there's also no need for embarrassment about emotional reactions or well thought out gifts.
Dean sighs into the drink he’s been nursing for the better part of an hour now. It’s only his second of the evening and it’s already approaching midnight. It’s hilarious how he was just thinking yesterday that he’d spend the reception getting drunk and distracting himself in every way possible. Now he’s doing the exact opposite of both. And Jesus Christ what a sad fucking sight he must make, sitting alone at the table most of the night, watching everyone have fun and pretending like he’s sitting here by choice. It’s just like Jo predicted — and fuck her and Charlie for being each other’s plus one’s
right next to it, the once pristine paper now dirty and off-white. The place where the recipient's address should be is blurred out by water, only parts left legible. But it's enough to make out parts of the address of their old place, enough to make out Cas's name.
"It's okay." He pulls open the door far enough to let Miracle back inside, walks with her into the living room. The Christmas tree in the corner is lighting the room up enough for him to be able to see and he sinks down onto the couch.
Sam's squinting at him now and Dean hopes that they can move on from this part of the conversation soon. Because he'd rather not get caught already — or at all — and if he has to talk more about the work he's doing but not actually doing, he will be. Sam has enough on his plate as it is. He shouldn't have to worry about Dean's shit, too. Or their father’s for the matter.
“Good. Now let me hug you.” She scoots her chair a little closer, pressing her knees into his leg, and then she’s wrapping him up in her arms. He goes all too willingly, holding her tight in return. Now that she can’t see his face anymore, he doesn’t bother trying to keep up with his failed attempt at keeping the tears at bay anymore. Instead, he just lets himself cry and be held.
Dean shrugs his shoulders, tries for nonchalant but knows he fails, “It'll stop him from getting too pissed. He'll want to be the bigger person, even if it's you.”
Two hours later, Dean has to begrudgingly admit that he’s having fun. A lot of it actually, which may or may not have to do with the fact that both Charlie and Jo seem to be doing their damn hardest to find the worst options along the way — that pink, frilly dress on Jo had sent him into tears pretty much the second she stepped out of the changing room and leveled him with a glare. But he knows that at least Charlie already found what she was looking for — or something at least. She disappeared for a moment there even if she wasn’t forthcoming on what’s in the bag she came back with.
Dean blurts, “Force of habit,” because he’s stupid and his mind is still half asleep and they haven’t had sex or even this much physical contact since January so how can that excuse even count at all anymore? He tags on an, “I really didn’t mean to.”
He naps for a few more hours on the couch until Miracle licks through his face, demanding her morning walk and he has to give in and get up.
Dean takes a deep breath, opens the trunk fully again and turns to stare into it. The trench coat is lying there, still bundled up the same way it was before. Not folded properly just wrapped up around itself and untouched since it's been put there. It's become a familiar sight, has found its home in his car. And he doesn't really want to disturb that, which taking it – touching it – would most definitely. Leaving it here, leaving it and him behind feels wrong though.
Cas takes a beat too long to reply and keeps his voice low when he does, “It’s obvious we want different things here.”
The simple question is enough to set off a waterfall of words, spilling from Oliver's face still with a huge smile and bright eyes and all the joy learning and school bring you before you realize how difficult it can be. Though with his parents he's probably a wiz as well. Not that it really matters if he's smart or not. But Dean's pretty certain it's a guarantee with his genes.
Dean swallows hard. How the hell is he supposed to spend a whole evening, surrounded by friends and family and most importantly with Cas right there, probably right next to him, and have nobody notice that anything is up? Especially when he just really wants to talk to Cas first before anybody else butts in. And that talk won't happen until everybody is long gone after dinner. He's certain of that because he doesn't want there to be a need to rush.
He stares at her and he wishes he could say no. If he’s driving off into the metaphorical sunset he’d rather do it in Baby or not at all. But Charlie appointed herself as the designated driver, figuring that it’d be smarter.
"Hm?" Dean looks up from the invoice he's transferring into their accounting software – Sam's idea after he witnessed how Dean struggled with the physical version – and checks the clock. "It's not even four yet."
Dean straightens up and clambers into the passenger seat — it used to be easier or maybe his body’s exhaustion is just finally catching up with him. He certainly feels like he could sleep for weeks — and Cas opens the door on the driver’s side and settles in the seat like he belongs. Dean knows he does.
When Dean walks into the small kitchen slash breakroom ten minutes later, he stops short just inside the door.
“This won't leave the room,” Dean whispers into the skin of his neck and feels the soft fine hair at the back of his head tickling his nose.
He drives the Impala one-handed and wearing socks because he can’t bring himself to stop again until he’s parked in front of Sam and Eileen’s place.
It’s not at all what he wanted to say. Dean’s not that stupid and he saw that Cas opened the cabinet where he keeps them already. But he’ll give him this because Cas has been nothing but gracious to him, letting him slip up time and again. He can give Cas the same courtesy. “Top left from the stove.”
“Be quiet or I won’t tell you anything ever again.” He plucks the remote from the table, fiddles with it until the Netflix logo appears on the screen. When the seconds tick by with no response, he looks over at her. She’s got her lips pursed, eyebrows drawn, and looks altogether not like she’s accepting his answer for what it is. Or like she’s going to drop it. “What?”
“I did talk to him. I just…” he trails off, shrugs his shoulders because his head feels empty, words swept away by leftover sleep and the knowledge that he fucked up. His cheeks burn with the sudden onslaught of guilt.
It takes Dean a while – three coffees to be exact – to properly get going that morning. He's tired, so damn tired and when he had charged his phone enough to turn it back on, he could see that the call had lasted until 4:27 am. Though he doesn't know when they fell asleep it's still way too long and explains completely why he's this whacked.
If there's anyone that has mastered the art of sounding put out but supportive it's Cas and Dean wants to comment on it, wants to pull on this conversation. Make it unravel into the peaceful words from five minutes ago when everything was okay. Not good but okay and that was enough. But he knows that it's gone for the night, that there's no time, so he only says, “I love you.”
He hums an acknowledgment, only forces his eyes open, when Oliver pats his arm in a not so gentle manner. Dean would be annoyed by it but he knows how important maintaining eye contact is in his family. So he offers the kid a smile when he finds him looking at him, wide eyed and all curious.
“Everything okay?” he asks, voice tripping over itself. The cool night air hitting his flushed skin, makes him shiver.
“Fuck off,” he bites. He rubs a hand over his elbow, then his eyes even though he knows he is in fact not crying. There’s just something stuck in his eyes. He feels her wide-eyed stare on him the whole damn time. He clears his throat. “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
With a quiet huff, Dean plants his feet and drags the creeper and himself back out from underneath the car. He blinks a little against the bright light that filters in through the open doors. His stomach reminds him very politely that he’s hungry, so he forces himself up and starts straightening up his workspace.
Later that night, when everybody has left again, Dean lies awake, watching the light of the moon shifting over the far wall of his room. Behind him, he can hear Cas breathing, a steady in and out rhythm that should lull him in. But tonight it’s too close, too strong of a reminder that they are technically breaking rules.
But between the hectic bustle of the airport, people rushing back and forth, and speaking into phones, it just feels wrong. Undeserving of what they should have. Not a huge and romantic gesture — that's really not them — but still thought out words, privacy, and certainly not Cas being stuck on a plane by himself afterwards. Though maybe Dean should do it just because Cas is going to step onto a fucking plane in a hot minute.
things, things Dean never dared to tell him about. He doesn’t know if Sam did or if he just figured it out by himself. In fact, Dean is just a little curious why Bobby’s even still talking to his father or even letting him work at his garage. He could ask of course. But the whole topic still feels too fresh and again it would mean talking about this whole deal and Dean isn’t up for that.
He hears Oliver’s delighted squeal and how he claps his hands and after a few more back and forth swings that gain in height with each push from Cas's hands, Dean has to admit that he’s actually having fun. Enough to start moving his legs in time. And it’s not like flying, not at all because he’s much closer to the ground and can stop at any point in time, but it still feels a little freeing and he’s pretty sure he gets why kids always seem to fight over who’s turn it is on the swing.
So what does it matter if he’s got hangups about being here, about uprooting his own life to temporarily — going just onto a month now — move back to Lawrence, back into his father’s house, back into a room that still looks like his eighteen-year-old self saw fit. It’s not a big deal. He could have been here to plan a funeral, sell a house that at least for a few years was home, and figure out his father’s life through leftover paperwork.
“Can I drive you home?” Cas asks and Dean watches him, is acutely aware of how uncertain he looks with his hands shoved into the pockets of his trench coat and his brow furrowed. Like he expects Dean to shoot him down — as if he’d ever, much less today of all days.
He's not far from their room, from Sam, just a few steps away in the parking lot, leaning against the side of the car they are using this time. He didn't bother going further, didn't want to go further.
It pops out, quiet and innocent enough and Dean doesn't even feel shocked that they came from his own mouth this quickly. He'd knew he'd be the first to crack now that it's already out in the open. And it's so fucking worth it when he sees the way Cas ducks his head, trying to hide the happy little grin on his lips.
He leans forward and grins at her, well aware that she’ll make true of her threat. For what it's worth he doesn’t care. “Do I detect a little jealousy, Joanna Beth? Does your mother not pick you over your coworkers?”
“You’re here, I know.” He reaches out, squeezes her arm, and smiles at her in a way he hopes shows how grateful he is. Because he really is. He’s not in the same boat as she was back in high school, not even close to it, honestly. And he feels stupid because his father is still right there and very much not in a coma with no hope left, not unresponsive like her mother had been but the same asshole as always. He appreciates her concern but she shouldn’t have to comfort him at all. Because things are fine and he couldn’t do anything for her back then, so why should he be allowed to ask for anything in return? It’s just that she still gets some of this better than most and while he still can’t explain anything, she simply accepts it and doesn’t push him. “Thank you.”
“Were you now?” Dean forces himself upright again, and Cas's hand slips up to his neck, squeezes gently and then falls away. There's been an unspoken agreement between his father and Cas that their conversations just never make it past polite small talk and everybody knows that they should under no circumstances be left alone with each other for too long. For both their sakes. And Dean's. Mostly his actually. He’s pretty sure he’d be the first one to go if he caught his father and Cas in an actual fight.
It’s not a question but the words are filled with the familiar warmth of concern anyway. It makes Dean falter, his face slipping and his heart skipping. He doesn’t think any of his exes ever worried about him after breaking up. Certainly not when they were the ones initiating the break-up. But then again this is Cas. Standards rarely apply to him as far as Dean is concerned. So he shrugs his shoulders, lets his eyes drop to the hood. He watches a ladybug crawl across it. “We haven’t talked much after he- since I left.”
“Why wouldn’t I be able to swing?” He raises his eyebrows at Cas, who only rolls his eyes and burrows deeper into his scarf.
Cas [4:53 PM]: Great! :D I don't expect it to have an immediate effect but maybe in a few weeks or so.
His father, sitting at the table and sipping a cup of coffee, lifts his gaze to meet his. The moment stretches for too long before his father lowers his eyes back to the table and the magazine he’s reading — sports or cars, there’s never anything else lying around here but those — and Dean’s the only one left out of his element. God, he’s become so good at not being around his father, of avoiding him — even having help avoiding him — that he’s utterly stumped at what to do now. Sure they had run-ins at work but never one on one. Never out of sight from everyone.
Some days he even comes back to the crossword later and has new ideas and options that he missed the first round and manages to fill it in a tad bit more than the day before. Some days he even goes as far as to send texts and wonder at what his friends know and what they don’t and tease them either way. Some days he simply cheats and looks things up just to keep busy for a moment longer.
He watches Cas pause, watches him hesitate before he continues on like Dean didn’t say a thing. He doesn’t respond, just turns on the stove.
He nods, lips stretched into a tight smile and drops the knife into the bag. He can feel Garth's presence still, too close, too there, too not his brother or anyone else he'd rather have here.
and kept on having fun. All while he was in his own bubble when he should have taken full advantage of the chance at a night of fun and no responsibilities to speak of. Bobby kicking them out of his father's house with the words, “I don’t wanna see you home before the sun’s up.” plays out faintly in his head and it’s a shame how Dean didn’t even use the opportunity. A gentle tap against his temple pulls his attention back and he blinks up at Cas.
“I know,” Cas says. His mouth twitches into a smile but it doesn’t reach his eyes. Dean squeezes his hand on instinct, wishes he could hug him, not just because he wants to but because Cas looks like it’d do him good as well. Still, he’s not sure it’d be welcome. “How long have you been here?”
“Cheer up.” A beer gets placed in front of him and Dean rubs his hand over his face. “It's your birthday, Dean.”
At least he can be certain now that the letter’s safe and sound with Cas and that he’s getting an answer. It makes his heart a little lighter and the butterflies in his stomach a lot more nervous.
“Great.” Dean can’t help but smile. It’s stupid. He really shouldn’t be this happy about something that doesn’t even benefit him in the slightest. Except for where he knows Cas is good and taken care of.
“It's good to see you,” he says, feels his cheeks flush, and swallows down the desire to lean in for a kiss. It's not even about PDA — they’re far past the care for that — but he knows he won’t want to stop once he starts. So he settles for holding out his hand. Cas happily takes it, bumping into him slightly when they start walking.
And he did. Even after butting heads earlier, he’d curled up on the far side of the bed without question, hadn’t made a single move to take the guest room down the hall. And as the time moves past two in the morning, Dean is so incredibly grateful for it. Because it means he can simply roll over to reach out.
Dean’s breath catches and any confusion at the surprise thing is instantly forgotten. The idea of Cas sitting alone in their apartment, nose buried in his work while the fridge is empty and none of the usually prepared food is right there and up for grabs, hurts. And it doesn’t just hurt, it breaks Dean’s heart all over. Because it was his one job, the one thing he could always do for Cas, no matter at what stage of their relationship they were in, no matter if they were fighting or all lovey-dovey. And he’d sworn to himself that he’d make sure that Cas couldn’t even go without food if he wanted to, especially not when he got stuck in his work.
He doozes like that, the setting sun hitting his back and making him feel warm and comfortable despite the ledge of the frame digging into his body and the noises from the kitchen lulling him in. It’s perfect. It’s what’s been missing all these months.
Dean chuckles, wiping off his phone, and then goes back to working the dough over. It's a good distraction, keeps him from getting anxious. "So…"
Dean — very much tired and very much ready to sink into his bed and not get up until morning — is stupid enough to turn towards his father. The warm grain pillow is tucked against his chest, the microwave still open but empty now. The faint scent of warm lavender hangs in the air. “It’s a grain pillow. You can use it to soothe sore muscles and stuff like that.”
"It certainly fits." Cas brushes his hands along the front of the coat, straightens the collar. His eyes follow the movement for a second then he focuses back on Dean. "Meet me in Sam's room."
He’s already going about his day again, opening a cabinet to reach for something. Like nothing happened, like he didn’t just fuck with Dean’s head. He actually looks content.
"So what drugs are you on today?" Bobby says when he catches him the third time with his head under a hood, not doing anything productive and a huge smile on his face.
Charlie plops down on the couch beside him, bouncing him a little with the movement and he locks his phone, places it face down on the coffee table. There’s popcorn and chips and gummy bears and all kinds of drinks and Dean feels sick at the thought of eating any of it but knows he will just to keep himself safe from questions. The invitation to a movie night had sounded like such a good distraction that he didn’t even consider that it had the chance to turn sour. And he doesn’t want it to. He deserves to just pretend that everything’s fine for a night.
So for now he just goes above and beyond with showing Bobby how grateful he is for being able to stay with him.
“Fuck you and your stupid rules!” Dean presses in closer, gets right in his father’s face. “You have no right, no fucking right, to talk about him like that. He’s so much better, so much more of a man than you will ever-”
Texting isn’t really what he wants though. It’d be a poor substitute for another actual conversation, another chance to look his fill. He just wants-
Dean clicks his tongue at Miracle and she lifts her head up, looks lazily at him. "Wanna come with me?"
He pauses, actually looks up at Bobby now. He’s got a weird look on his face. Not judging or anything. Just like he’s genuinely curious what Dean’s got to say on the topic. Dean’s still not used to not being scrutinized for every single one of his moves.
He remembers saying those words to Cas, using it as a reason, as an excuse when he should have been stronger, remembers the echo of the pain and anger that fight brought along — staying longer turned into fucking forever and Cas saying,
“Very funny, Dean.” Jo rolls her eyes at him but there's a smile on her face. “Back to the day after though. I'm assuming you haven’t asked for the day off yet.”
company. And maybe Dean should take that time he has as well, figure out what exactly he’ll say tonight and what he should at least try to leave out of any sort of discussion for now. If just to be on the safe side. He doesn't want to fuck this up worse just by trying to fix it.
“Maybe.” It’s the first thing that pops into his head and yeah. The thought of punching his father is oddly satisfying. God, watching that anger, that arrogance, slip off his father’s face and turn into surprise would be amazing. “If a punch would help you along, why not. You certainly thought it’d help me, so.”
“It’s Cas,” Dean blurts, just to stop Sam from continuing. His face is on fire and if he could disappear into the floor, he’d appreciate it a lot right now. But that would be too damn easy now, wouldn’t it? “I’m texting with Cas.”
Stepping into his father’s house and knowing full well that he’ll be alone there, that the silence greeting him won’t be disturbed by anyone but him, is kind of a shock to Dean’s system and it takes him a good five minutes of stupidly standing around in the entryway to get his bearings back. Where yesterday Dean had hoped his father wouldn’t be home, today he’d rather have him here all things considered.
Maybe it's because his father has legitimate reasons to say no to Cas staying in his house this time.
But then Cas shakes his head, mumbles, “It’s fine. I’m just worried about you,” and the following smile on his lips isn’t quite genuine but it’s close.
"Good." Again silence settles over them but this time it feels less daunting, more comfortable. And after a while, Cas begins talking again, starts telling him about the last few days, how he visited so many interesting gardens and learned so many new things. Dean responds when needed, keeps working on the cookies and otherwise, he just listens, lets Cas tell him all about plants, birds, and insects with slowly but surely increasing enthusiasm. There's this little lilt in his voice and just knowing that he's this happy again, lightens Dean's heart. He skips the clean-up for today. Goes for settling on his sofa, next to Miracle, after the final cookies are out of the oven. She opens her eyes and wags her tail a little when he scratches her back but otherwise doesn't move.
“Who would hire you for just a few weeks? And once you're back here you'd be back to square one as well.” There's an edge to Cas's voice now. One that's never been there before. Not a single time since Dean left Boston. Since Dean left him. “You do plan on coming back, right?”
"I wasn't actually busy tonight," Cas says, voice soft. "I just went to look at Christmas lights. They always remind me of you and after last night I just wanted to not feel so lonely."
His head snaps up and his responding, “Cas!” gets pushed out by the weight of a body barreling into him and Dean forgets that there even was anything at all to worry about. Because Cas is right here, in his arms and a hug has never made his heart feel lighter than right now. It feels like he can suddenly breathe again.
Especially when instead of mostly sticking around the house in case his father needs him, Dean's finally convinced himself — and Bobby — of working more shifts at the garage. It’s a good thing, he knows. It keeps his mind busy and is better than sitting around worrying about things he can’t change anyway. It also means that he can work on saving up a little bit of money after he had to tap into his savings for paying his share of the rent for their apartment in Boston. Because that number in his account has been dwindling slowly but surely and it’s left him with the uneasy reminder of his first fruitless job search after graduating from university. Hell, he's started looking at job listings for the Boston area already, just to get a feel for what he's working with because Cas was right. What will Dean do when he’s back in Boston? There’s no family there to help him out and he’s not sure what bridges he’s got left, if any.
And that's all they say for the rest of the night. Just staying on the phone until they fall asleep, listening to each other breathing.
The sudden bout of excitement over hearing his voice, makes him forget for a second why he called and he can't swallow down a teasing, "Well good morning, sunshine."
“Need a drink?”, Jo trills while she arranges some glasses behind the bar. She looks too put together still to have been here longer than him. It’s unfair.
“Oh yes, I’m sorry! I didn't have time to read it yet,” Cas says and Dean lets his head drop backwards in silent relief. “I will during the weekend though.”
But hey, at least Dean is pretty certain his father gets his thoughts out in some form. Stumbling upon his father's journal while cleaning his bedroom, old and worn, a pen tucked into it, had been tempting. But he’d made that mistake once, young and stupid and so nosey and he’d paid the price. So he simply assumes that his father still keeps that old habit up and hopes it helps him in some form. Because as long as his father won't seek out Dean’s non-existing expertise on dealing with all the frustration over life just not being the same as five weeks ago, he certainly won't offer it.
Cas makes a noise, and because he’s Cas ignores Dean’s previous protest completely, “The next time I have a work-intensive project coming up, I’ll let you know in advance.”
“It’s a short month,” he mumbles and rubs a hand over his face. A short month that he spent hopeful and waiting until he got the floor ripped out from underneath his feet without warning and if he ever thought he had experienced all kinds of emotions before, he had learned that day that, no, in fact, there was another one he hadn’t had the pleasure to live through yet. Because as it turned out, vast and utter emptiness is a pretty strong emotion right there.
. Sam and Eileen would have been in over their heads, having already too much on their plates with college, part-time jobs, and raising Oliver. So Dean being able to take that worry off their hands while also giving them another free option for a babysitter? Ideal and he’ll gladly run himself ragged if it means he’s helping the people he cares about.
“They do.” And despite the lingering embarrassment, Cas is looking straight at him now as if he’s one of those habits. And it’s like a challenge, to say or do something.
Cas makes a noise that almost sounds like a protest, that almost makes Dean want to stop and stay. But he can’t. And he can’t keep himself from doing more dumb things anymore either. He’s tired and this might as well be his last chance so he steps forward, ducks his head, and gently presses his lips against Cas's cheek. It’s a quick thing, no more than a peck but he can still feel Cas going utterly still, can feel the ghost of his breath against his cheek and his stubble underneath his lips.
With a sigh, Dean straightens back up, puts back some order into the files on the desk. He should keep working. He can take an hour or two later to score through some old text conversations and tweets. Maybe something will turn up there.
Cas exhales heavily and Dean can feel his breath tickling his cheek. If he turned his head even a little, he could press his lips to Cas's. The thought sets all his nerves on fire and even if Cas is okay with this and won’t freak out, Dean’s pretty sure he’s close to doing a good job of that by himself here.
And sure his father is being civil about it now but he wasn’t when it counted and Dean shouldn’t be breathing easier just because his father can say his boyfriend’s name without scoffing. He’s pretty sure that’s not a good thing at all.
Cas's eyebrows scrunch together, fond confusion as a reply to his nonsensical words but he's laughing quietly and warmth blooms in Dean’s chest that has nothing to do with the blanket covering it. He smiles. “Do you want to join the others outside?”
“Only for another hour,” he says and rolls his eyes in turn. She’s right though. Tonight’s exhausting enough without any added alcohol and he’ll sleep like the dead anyways even with the lingering heat of the day and a still broken AC. It’s the added charm of working two jobs that keep him on his feet most of the time and he appreciates it. Sure the amount of sleep he gets still lingers below six hours most nights but at least he actually sleeps through them and doesn’t get startled awake by bad dreams. It’s an improvement he can happily live with.
“Sounds like a serpentine belt issue. I could take a look at her.” Dean pats the hood of the truck and glances over at Cas again, finds him still looking at him. “But you’d probably be okay to carefully drive to a different garage if you want. There’s one not too far.”
“What?” he says when Sam just stares at him. He reaches for his coffee where it’s been sitting mostly untouched on the kitchen table. It’s not even warm anymore. He takes a sip anyway, forces down the grimace at the too-bitter taste. When he doesn’t get an answer, he repeats himself, “What, Sammy?”
Still, the feeling makes itself at home in his stomach through all thirty (thirty!) fucking pages of pictures of Cas, them, a whole lot of pie that he's mad he never got to try. It sits there heavy, makes him bite his lip hard enough to hurt, hard enough to starve off the tears.
The laugh springs from his chest loud and clear and Dean tries muffling it by pulling the blanket over his head. He feels like a teenager on the verge of being caught during a late-night phone call. In reality, there's no way his father could hear him from downstairs. In reality, he shouldn’t have to worry about getting caught for anything by his father. “I actually want to see you, you know.”
“Hey,” Dean breathes and mentally chides himself for sounding like a schoolgirl talking to her crush. He needs to remember that even if this is Cas, the guy he’s been in love with for over five years now, Cas is also the guy who broke his fucking heart — or tore it to shreds rather — barely half a year ago.
When they're in his room, the door safely shut behind them, he waits long enough for Cas to drop his bag again before he's crowding him against the nearest surface — his desk as it turns out. They bump into it, something falling over with a quiet thud. Dean feels him shift against him, finding a more comfortable position.
he says like it’s a given they’ll be staying in contact. Dean tips his head back and squeezes his eyes shut, wills the tears away that have started to collect. “Will you really?”
Watching him put on the trench coat over that weird old-man pullover is enough to bring a small smile onto Dean's face.
“Worse,” she says and unapologetically shrugs her shoulders when he makes a face at her. “Have you tried sleeping?”
“The second you've found a solution that doesn't involve prostitution or working yourself to death, I'll stop,” Dean amends, lets the sound of Cas's barely audible huff of laughter wash over him.
“Well, you look horrible.” Charlie drops down into the seat across from him, apron still on and hair up in a messy bun. The bright orange baseball cap that’s part of the gaming cafe’s uniform is nowhere to be seen.
“Alright,” Dean mumbles to himself and shoves the grocery bag further onto the counter, to stop it from tipping over. He catches Cas raised eyebrows and pained smile and can only shrug his shoulders while passing by him. He only takes a few steps into the living room before he stops right there and meets his father's eyes. There's no door to shut behind him, his father doesn't lower his voice.
schedule and added at least snacks if not in advance prepared meals to that once they moved into a place together.
He feels a little bad but once he starts to laugh he can’t quite get himself back under control — because it’s not just the shirt but this whole moment they’re having is ridiculous — and it takes him a good few minutes to calm down again. It’s enough time that Cas has to gently push at his cart to move it and thereby Dean out of the way of some poor shopper who’s just trying to get to the salad dressings. But it also leaves them closer, Cas standing at the side of the cart — taking up less space in front of the shelf — and almost close enough that Dean’s hand could brush against his arm if he just stretched his fingers a bit. Instead, Dean straightens back up, still grinning like an idiot, and he instinctively sways forward a little, when he catches the smile on Cas's face. It’s brilliant. It steals the air right from Dean’s lunges.
“Food,” Cas confirms and gestures behind himself to the small coffee table by the couch. “It’s just pasta and some vegetables. I saw the meat in your freezer but I didn’t want to make you wait much longer.”
“He said no.” Her words aren’t a question because clearly it’s the only option there is with how things are right now. Despite that she looks surprised, disbelieving almost. At the beginning of the year, he would have been right there with her. Now he knows better and all he can offer is another shrug of his shoulders.
Sam frowns, scrutinizes him like he’s something to be studied and Dean narrows his eyes at him. In the blink of an eye, Sam’s expression smoothes out again and there's a barely contained glee spreading over it. “So you two are, what, friends again?”
Charlie warning him to not break his own heart sits heavy in the back of his mind but really. What difference would it even make? Either he does it now or he’ll fuck up later and both of those options aren’t what he wants. But finding a middle ground seems impossible when he feels so confused by Cas's whole stance on him. And talking to him about it would be hard on a good day and Dean’s pretty certain that he won’t have many of those in the near future.
The doorbell rings for the fourth time that night and Dean is so lost in laughter after Eileen's joke, that he automatically moves from the living room to the front door and opens it without even thinking. Without even considering.
He can still do that. He can still get up, take this letter and deliver it to Cas himself. Hand it over to him and maybe even watch him read it. It might not fix things but it might make them better. And Cas deserves the whole story. Cas deserves an apology, a real chance at an answer and a do-over, and just so much more. But even if Dean knows now that there wasn’t anything he missed, anything he did fundamentally wrong, that Cas still had loved him in March or even April — oh god the whole dissertation acknowledgment makes much more sense now — there’s still the very real fear that during the past half a year, he changed his mind. That he stopped loving Dean. Because caring about him, wanting to be his friend is one thing. But love? A whole different spiel.
“I talk to you.” The confusion in Cas's voice is obvious and in Dean's mind, he tilts his head, squints his eyes.
This time Dean lets the laugh slip out. There’s nothing he can do against it but it comes out too rough, too humorless. “Fair point. Don’t particularly fancy talking to him either.”
There's only silence on the other end and the distance between them feels suddenly like an ocean drowning him. Not even Cas's staticky in- and exhales giving him anything to hold onto.
“Dear god, I think we need something stronger here,” Jo mumbles and gets up, leaving them to join her mother at the bar once more. Dean watches her go until Charlie snaps her fingers in front of his face. He blinks, looks back towards her.
Dean watches him step back, watches him retreat down the stairs, and follows along mindlessly because he can't let him leave like this. He just can't. But the words won't come and he knows Cas wouldn't listen anyway. So he hovers, watches how he tugs on his stupid snow boots and coat, the beanie that always leaves his hair messier than it already was.
He flops back down, pulling his sheets up over his shoulders, and curls onto his side. Barry the grain pillow stares at him, a pesky little smile stitched onto its face. He groans and squeezes his eyes shut. He’s so fucked.
strewn in, and all of it involving Cas. It had left him off-kilter and distracted, his thoughts hanging onto the edges of warm smiles and touches and Dean had only realized that he had unearthed one of the shirts he had stolen from Cas when he’d reached the garage. Needless to say, he needed a minute before he could get out of the safety of the Impala and face other people again.
"Yeah." Cas smiles and it's big and toothy and Dean feels a grin pop onto his own face. "Boyfriend."
. But no, nothing did. It was just a fluke and happy coincidences. But it’s still not actual anger bubbling under Dean’s skin but it’s close, so close that he turns and slams the door of the microwave shut with a little too much force. The noise reverberates in the otherwise silent kitchen. His throat feels dry when he says, “And why does being an adult mean, I don’t get to take comfort in something?”
The fact that he's not quite sure where to start because flirting with strangers at bars hasn't been the most appealing for a while now and he kind of burned his fingers with online dating. And then the fact that he's already very emotionally attached to someone and every name- and faceless domestic fantasy he indulges in, ends with clear blue eyes, a deep voice, and Cas.
Instead of answering, Cas huffs a breath as if Dean just insulted him and there's the slam of what sounds like a book in the background. “Great. Just fantastic. Thanks for reminding me.”
“Yes,” Cas says but he sounds off, strangled. It tugs at Dean's heart. “The second you have your stuff though, you'll stop.”
Later while Dean’s lying underneath a car, grease stain on his cheek and fingers even dirtier, he realizes that there hasn’t been a single real disagreement between his father and him in weeks —
He raises his eyebrows at her vehement disagreement and she rolls her eyes as if he should already know why he’s wrong.
. His eyes are trained on where he’s fighting with the can opener but even from over here, Dean can see that his attention is solely on him. Even from all the way across the room, it’s blinding.
No one will care if he flirts with everything that moves. No one will care if he keeps Rhonda’s number or if he actually calls her. No one will care when he sleeps somewhere else or with someone else. So if he wanted to, he could. He could take her up on her offer, spend a nice evening with her and hope that she rocks his world like she did the first time around.
Cas eyes drop down, take in the envelope and the state it’s in and when he takes it there’s so much hesitation in his gaze. “What’s this?”
Waking up is an experience. Mostly one of a slightly spinning room and feeling like something died in his mouth. His phone is smushed uncomfortably against his neck and the air feels too hot and he definitely hasn't slept more than a few hours. There's the comforting presence of Miracle pressed along his legs and he moves enough to scratch whatever part of her he can reach - he guesses her back but in the end, all he can focus on is fur. Soft, warm fur. Kind of makes him want to move around and bury his face in it. But then again moving sounds far too exhausting.
"Cas?" He clicks the safety back on, drops the gun to the side, and scrambles towards him. The blanket is still caught around his legs and he nearly falls headfirst to the floor. "Cas."
“Then when?” Cas says. The plea in his voice knots itself around Dean's heart and tugs, tightens until he can't fucking breathe. He wants to give in so badly. His hand shakes when he reaches out, presses it to Cas's chest and right over his heart. His quiet, “Please, Cas,” gets drowned out by Cas continuing, so much louder than him, so much easier to overhear, “After Christmas? When I'm back in Boston? You'll always have an excuse ready. And not just about this.”
"That's for me to decide," Cas grits out, suddenly all anger and spite and then he's moving, is the one pushing at Dean's body until he's flat on the bed and Cas is sinking his teeth into his shoulder, with enough force to bruise. The
“Ready?” Cas asks too close to his ear and there’s a smile in his voice that makes Dean’s stomach squirm in the best way. He twists around a little, purses his lips.
He licks his dry lips, pushes off the car and turns towards the trunk. He hesitates a moment, then pops it open and there it is. Sits right where it should be in its place, next to a few books and still as dirty as it was left behind.
Maybe it’s because he desperately wants to ask him to stay but knows that Cas is stuck in Boston until he finishes his PhD because that’s how things are and there’s too much money involved, too much of Cas's hard work, for Dean to even be allowed to utter that question without the barrier of at least a few states and a phone call between them. Because there’s no way he’d survive the rejection otherwise. Because there’d be no way for Cas to let him down easy when he shouldn’t be getting ideas in the first place.
'Being nice' has never been an issue with Professor Milton before and something in Dean's brain finally clicks. “Have you done anything lately? Besides working I mean?”
"Why would I have been drunk?" He sounds genuinely confused, seeming to slowly wake up fully, and Dean breathes in, waits for the other shoe to drop. It takes a little too long for his taste. "You mean- I deleted that message."
There's an obvious pause, too long and yet not long enough before he replies, "Sure." The trunk shuts, and he can hear Sam walking to the passenger door.
He runs his hand over his hair, hesitates. God, this is ridiculous. He's acting ridiculous. It's just fabric. It won't burn him and if he doesn't think too much it won't hurt him either. So he grabs it, presses it against his chest and slams the trunk shut.
Cas [8:40 PM]: Well, I don’t mind talking to myself. Actually, I’ve been told I’m a pretty good storyteller, so...
“And I don't want you sleeping somewhere else, so guess we have to find a middle ground here.” His voice comes out muffled and Cas's sigh brushes along his ear, makes him shiver. Cas's hold on him tightens.
And then he’s right back where he started, sitting in a waiting room chair and waiting for someone to tell him something. He gets a text at some point, a hastily written
Cas's breath hitches and Dean realizes a moment too late why. He waits for a few tense seconds to be corrected, reminded that he’s got no right to call him that but nothing comes. Instead, Cas starts the car. Dean takes it, won’t look a gift horse in the mouth. There’s enough he has to deal with already, and if Cas will let him slip up and not correct him, he’ll take it. So Dean slumps against the door and wraps his arms around his midriff, focuses his eyes out the windshield.
"I love you, Dean." He sounds elated like he can't believe he actually said it and Dean feels like he's having a heart attack while simultaneously living one of his wildest fantasies. Cas, not the slightest idea of how Dean's feeling, continues, "I really do. I just- I wasn't sure how to tell you. And then you posted that tweet and god, Dean. I got so scared for a moment that I wouldn't get to tell you at all, that you'd find someone and I wouldn't have the option anymore. And I couldn't do that. I couldn't stay quiet. I just need you to know, what you mean to me. I don't care anymore if you don't like me like that. I'm glad I finally get to tell you."
It takes him three tries to find the switch of the lamp and despite the sudden blinding brightness, he forces his eyes to stay wide open. It’s easier to deal with than the alternative and it helps with fading out the lingering fear his dream left behind. Because that’s all it was. A dream. A stupid dream that isn’t real, just stole from too many of the thoughts floating through his head at all times. He takes a deep breath then reaches for his phone as well. The clock ticks over to four am when he activates the screen. He’d only been asleep for three hours then. Figures. He presses his phone to his chest, patiently waits out the still too nervous flutter of his heart. If he turned the light back off and stayed here, not moving a muscle beyond breathing, not letting his thoughts stray beyond his body, he knows he could manage to fall back asleep. It would take him a bit — thirty minutes if he’s lucky because he’s not good at this — but it could work. It’s an improvement that probably only came to fruition because he’s been doing it so much lately. Because back when Cas had first introduced him to this technique, he couldn’t even do it, if he had an already sleeping Cas weighing down half of him. Most of the time it ended with Dean squirming so much that he got abandoned for the empty half of the bed earlier than usual. Which was fine but didn’t help either.
Charlie tuts at him, while she flicks through the hangers on a clothing rack. He’s got no idea if he’s looking at dresses or pantsuits but the colors are way too bright. “I’m sure it fits just fine. But maybe try on a new one? Just for the sake of, you know, fun and indulging yourself. Feeling fancy.”
She smiles in sympathy but seems to have picked up on his need to not talk about this tonight. Or at all. Because instead she leans in and bumps their shoulders while she takes the remote from him to pick their first movie. It’s a gentle reminder that she’s there if he needs her and he accepts it with a tiny smile that surely doesn’t reach his eyes.
. Because Cas knows that both would be lies. Because Cas knows he doesn’t want to hear them, that they’d only hurt more.
He does his best to keep his thoughts from straying too far into the negative, tries to keep focused on the task at hand but it’s ridiculously easy to go in the opposite direction as a distraction. To think about how he could just ask Cas for company later today and would probably get it, no questions asked. How he could even show up at his place — a motel just on the edge of town apparently and that requires so many questions — and wouldn’t be turned away. It’s nice. It’s a recipe for disaster.
Dean tips his head against the backrest to watch Cas move into the kitchenette, pouts. “If I say no, will I get anything else?”
Cas slips off his coat and suit jacket, obviously preparing himself to be here for a while, and Dean watches him hang them up on the coat rack, watches how he places the Impala’s keys on the side table and how his mouth twitches when it wobbles underneath the slight weight of his hand. He doesn’t move aside when Dean hangs his own jacket up — there’s nowhere for him to go really, the entryway is not that big. When Dean takes off his shoes, Cas follows along, ignoring his quiet protest of, “You don’t have to.”
"I have a motel room." Dean rubs a hand over the back of his neck, doesn't dare meet his eyes. "You deserve a proper bed after the night you've head."
Dean checks the time, finds it just a few minutes shy of noon — he has no recollection of that much time passing since he arrived here — and figures that he’ll need to keep busy for a few more hours at least. He can’t be sure when Cas will return to the motel but he knows it won’t be before the afternoon. Not if he’s catching up on whatever work he abandoned yesterday in favor of driving Sam to the hospital and keeping them,
Self-preservation is the only thing that makes him give in. He says “Understood,” and then belatedly, “Sir.” and then he’s free, tipping his weight forward onto his right hand. His shoulder sings with pain and he knows he’ll carry that with him for a few days at least.
Anyway, he’s here now. Scrubbing at the enamel of the bathtub with too much force, trying to get rid of the limescale that has been slowly but surely pissing him off more every week. His heart is still beating a tad too fast, his sight has gotten progressively blurrier the longer he keeps going and he can’t even blink it away because the pressure behind his eyes just continues to build.
“Okay.” His voice sounds calm — dangerously so — while every single fiber of his body is screaming. But what does it even matter anymore? This is already over, has been for weeks. And there's nothing left to do here except one thing. “I can't do this anymore.” A beat. “Us. I can't do us anymore.”
The question slips out on its own accord, follows along the lines of most of their conversations and he curses himself for it. He doesn’t actually want to know or maybe he does but he just doesn’t want to hear it.
He's vaguely aware of Charlie cooing at him while patting his arm, and Jo calling for celebratory shots and it takes all three of them a hot minute to get themselves back under control to be able to clink glasses. The whiskey burns its way down his throat and when he places the glass back on the table, he feels warm and happy. He really wasn’t prepared to make a big deal out of this tonight but his chest feels a little lighter and having his friends beaming at him is nice for a change.
“You're insane. Completely and utterly insane,” Dean mumbles into the sliver of space between them. His own heart is jackrabbiting away in his chest but even through that, he can clearly feel how normal Cas's heart rate is.
“I’m fine. He can- Pretty sure he’s got a lecture.” He has no idea if he wants Sam here or if Sam even would want to be here. He thinks back to last year — how has it been almost a year to the point? — to how Sam was the one who got the news first back then while Dean was living his own life on the other side of the country. To how Sam had to break the news to him. But it wasn’t the same now, was it? Sam didn’t find him, he didn’t have to see their father, he wasn’t even at the hospital until a few hours later, he-
And right smack dab in the middle, he finds an envelope that is far too familiar, that makes his breath catch and catch and catch while time slows down, stops. Dean's aware of the other envelopes slipping from his fingers but he can't focus on anything but his own handwriting, his own name in the top left corner, and the bright red
Before Christmas, he would’ve snapped, would’ve at least been offended on Cas's behalf that his father had been so blatant about his dislike for him and then turned the next moment and pretended like he hadn’t. A few weeks ago Dean would’ve at least made an attempt to call his father out. But today he didn’t even really react because ultimately he was too pleased that his father had eaten something Cas had introduced and apparently liked it enough to bring it up again.
“Dean. It's not your fault he came into your room. And even if it had been that doesn't excuse him harassing you. He should be glad you're still around to take care of his sorry ass.”
“What if,” Cas starts but he doesn’t finish his sentence. Instead, he falls quiet again, sighs. There’s the rustling of papers and books and Dean can see him so clearly settling back in at his desk — always overflowing with too many books, notes, and knick-knacks that used to drive Dean crazy because how could anyone work like that? He wonders if anything changed since he left. He could ask. He’s sure Cas would walk him through it. But he’s never going to see that desk again, is he? The single thought tugs harshly at his heart. Because really it’s not the stupid desk he’ll miss.
Their conversation doesn't go past shallow words of "You really don't want anything to eat?" and "You can have the first shower," and nothing that needs to be said, gets said and Dean still feels an apology stuck in his throat when he burrows into the stiff pillow and prickly carpet, not waiting for Cas to return from the bathroom. The light's already off but Dean can still feel Cas hovering in the door, unsure, shifting his weight. But he stays quiet, too, pads to the bed. His sigh, when he sinks down onto it, might as well have been a scream and Dean bites his tongue.
A soft “Dean?” rouses him from the edge of sleep and he blinks his eyes open again, meets Cas's own and smiles lazily.
“Quit whining, Winchester,” he mumbles to himself and straightens back up, steels himself with a few more deep breaths. He only glances at his phone — the apology already crawling back up his throat — before he decides it's not worth it right now and leaves it where it is on the floor of the Impala.
“You’ve gone soft, Dean. But it seems like all it took was you breaking up with that boy to get some fight back. Good for you, keep it that way.” His father looks him over once more, nods more to himself than at Dean, and then continues his way downstairs.
“It didn’t. The thing is, I only found that out this morning.” Dean swallows, has to close his eyes for a moment against the sudden urge to cry. “When we- When
He knows it. He's also technically aware that Cas will visit whether Dean's father has a problem with it or not. He’d done so before when he’d come along with Dean. So there’s no way Cas wouldn’t this time when they haven’t seen each other since October. It’s really just a matter of where he’ll end up staying if Dean won’t get his head out of his ass. But that doesn't make it any easier to open his mouth and mention it to his father. Or actually ask for permission to have Cas stay with them. Because that’s a thing again. Needing permission from his father to have his boyfriend over. Like he’s not twenty-six and an adult that can do as he pleases. But despite knowing that, talking to his father just doesn’t happen.
This new discovery follows Dean the rest of the shopping trip — he has to live through another three hours before they pile back into Charlie’s car — and well into his evening. It flares up anew each time he catches the eyes of his reflection in a mirror or window and he feels compelled to just take a second to look. He knows it's ridiculous but it's been a good while since something so mundane has perked up his mood this much. It's nice.
Some days he hates that he still feels guilty for leaving, for needing the distance between himself and his father to keep going. Most days he just lives with it.
Dean [9:25 PM]: Man, you had such a blast before you puked all over yourself after riding the chairoplane.
Instead of answering, Cas runs his hand over his head, fingers brushing through his hair, and Dean sighs, letting his eyes slip closed. And sure enough, it doesn’t take long at all for him to get drowsy again, his mind quieting down under the gentle ministration of Cas's fingers and the voiceover of the documentary filling the silence.
Sure technically he's supposed to be helping in the kitchen but he did his part of making dessert yesterday already — pie of course but also some cookies. On top of that, he’s found that keeping his hands off of Cas is the hardest there. They’re just both too used to the small space of their own kitchen to not step too close or pass by with a lingering touch here or there. So with everybody flitting in and out of the kitchen all day, it’s hard not to slip up. And yeah Dean doesn’t want to fuck this up in general but especially not around family. A big fight on Christmas is just really not what he wants.
He looks back at the invitation, can’t quite meet her eyes with how she’s looking at him like she knows what’s going on in his head.
There's no shame in admitting he let himself go a little at first — though his metabolism did keep up — and then there’d been Cas and he’d gotten comfortable. Not just because of the whole committed relationship bullshit everybody keeps preaching about — even if it surely did play its part — but more so because Cas turned out to be a shitty eater. Not concerning the amounts of or what he ate but more along the lines of sometimes seemingly forgetting that food was an option. A very needed option.
He's not out per se. He's sure everybody he's close with knows or has at least an inkling that he's not just into women but into men as well and that he's had quite a bit of fun with them. And sure the random strangers on Twitter that follow him, might have caught on a little as well – he sometimes forgets how to keep himself in check – but still. He doesn't boast it to the world, that hell yeah, to him men and women are equally as hot and he's been in love with his gay best friend for the past – what 8 years now? (God he's such a disaster.) After all, his idiotic and out of luck love life is his business and his business only.
“You’re disgusting.” Sam makes a face before he sobers up again. “But seriously, you two are good?” “Yes, Sammy. And it’s already decided anyway so you trying to make me feel bad about staying, isn't going to happen. Let's just enjoy lunch and then go our separate ways until Sunday, alright?”
running through his head and he clamps his teeth together to not let any of it out. He could scream but it wouldn’t help, wouldn’t change a thing. Instead, he sucks in breath after breath, forces himself to calm down again while he drops his head against the steering wheel once more. His phone vibrates with a new text message but he squeezes his eyes shut, ignores it. It’s probably not even Cas anyway, as much as he hopes it is.
They should hug, right? Just like they used to. No strings attached but a quick pat on the back here and a squeeze there. It's the most logical thing to do, really. Yet it also seems like the most difficult thing to do.
“I’ll check with a nurse,” Sam says and disappears, leaving them standing there. Dean watches him go, takes stock of how calm and collected he presents himself even if he must be worried as well — he has to be if Cas immediately came to the conclusion to drive him, right? And Sam will probably be overly polite to whoever he’s going to talk to, despite his own emotions and no matter what they’ll have to say to him. Dean knows he’d have bitten their head off.
“Here goes nothing,” he whispers to himself when he leaves the room and carefully closes the door behind himself. Cas is waiting for him at the stairs, arms crossed and brows furrowed. He doesn't return the smile Dean directs at him while he walks over. “Hey.”
"What's that?" A hand reaching into the trunk, grabbing onto something and pulling. Fabric, beige and brown and Dean reacts on instinct.
Or maybe it is because his subconsciousness isn’t as afraid to go for what he wants as his consciousness is.
“Don’t.” He reaches out, takes a step closer, and then the sleeve of Cas's coat is clutched in hand. He blinks down at his fingers, the way his knuckles whiten with how hard he’s clenching them. His throat tightens. “Please stay.”
For a second Dean thinks he's having a heart attack, a sharp pang in his chest, making his grip on the steering wheel tighten. Of course, Cas doesn't have a place to stay. He kicked him out of what would have been his home because Sam-
“Haven't checked. You want to?” He digs for his phone in the pocket of his jacket and holds it out to Cas. He accepts it, turns it over in his hands once, twice but doesn't activate the screen. Instead, he slips back into his seat.
“I fucked up,” are Dean's first words down the line when Cas finally picks up with a disoriented greeting. There are tears of frustration burning in his eyes and his forehead hurts where he's pressing it against the steering wheel. He's been sitting in the Impala on the side of the road for twenty minutes now. Simply needing to get out and have some space — room to breathe and cry and make sense of this without judgment — after he'd driven his father back home and finished making the calls he needed to.
“Then you've already made your decision.” Not a question. Just a statement, that might as well have been yelled, slapping into him full force and with no care for how much he doesn’t want it to be true.
“Come on, Sammy. I promise it’s not a big deal.” He nudges Sam with a foot underneath the table and gets a light kick in return. “Hell, Bobby even offered to let me work a few of dad’s old shifts to make up for some of the money I'm losing. And you know it'll force me out of the house a bit. So, win-win.”
“I'm not a recluse,” Cas bites but doesn't give any actual arguments against it. Instead, he goes quiet. Dean waits him out and it takes at least a minute before Cas continues, much softer and much less testy, “Will you be mad if I go to that exhibition we planned to go to?”
He’s curious though. God, he wants to know so badly what the hell he’s doing here and the need to just talk to him, catch up on how he’s been, is growing by the second. Dean could text him of course and he’s sure he’d get some answers. Hell, he probably will at some point because again, he’s weak when it comes to Cas and if no one even mentioned Cas being in town in the first place — looking at his own damn brother here as well as Charlie — they surely won’t let him in on the details.
“Oh shit,” Dean says, realizes he swore, and says it again anyway, “Shit, I’m so sorry. What hurts?”
The words hit and Dean’s breath gets stuck in his throat far too long, tears bubbling up along with it. This shouldn't be his job, his responsibility. He's not the one that fucking turned down a proposal. He's not the one that hasn't mentioned it once beyond the initial no — okay maybe he hasn't brought it up either but again, why should he? If Cas doesn't want to marry him or move to Kansas with him, then why can't he be man enough to break it off himself? Why couldn't he have just texted that as well? Why did he have to go and try to continue to talk to him like nothing had happened? Why does Dean have to be the one who breaks his own heart a second time?
Sam's response takes too long and his, “Fine,” sounds anything but. Still, he leaves the topic be, and before long his phone dings with a new text message from Eileen containing a picture of Oliver's face covered completely in bright stickers that he eagerly shows off to Dean. Sure enough, the rest of their lunch has a more pleasant topic for conversation.
For as long as he can remember, he never really created chaos. At first, he couldn’t with the few belongings he’d been lugging around with him. And even when his father finally could bring himself to settle down again, even when Dean had gotten around to actually owning things, actually having unnecessary stuff and clutter filling his space, it just never became an issue. He’s sure that some of his need for tidiness had come from being under his father’s watchful eyes and not wanting to set him off. Most of it though was all his own want to keep something in his life simple and straight. The tidiness of his room — of the whole house really — was something he could control. Something everybody let him have without question — though Sam did leave his fair share of chaos in his wake as a kid.
“Is that my shirt?” he says — no filter, no decorum about what not to say to your ex in public — and tilts his head and oh. Dean’s heart stutters at the sight of Cas's hair flopping a little more to the side, at the obvious confusion on his face. He wants to run his hand through his hair and fix it. He wants his hand on his stupid face and his lips against his own.
The only reason he kept himself in check was common decency. For one they aren’t alone on the playground and it’s just a tired-looking couple with two girls but as much as Dean doesn’t care, he also really doesn’t want to make a scene. And then there’s Oliver as well. The kid deserves to have Cas's undivided attention today, deserves to enjoy their time together without Dean pulling the focus. Because while Dean doesn’t really get much of Cas's time either right now, he still gets a shit ton more than the kid. And Dean knows for sure that he wouldn’t have it in him to let Cas out of his reach for the rest of the day if he actually was stupid enough to blurt out the question right now.
With a groan, Dean drops into a seat at the bar, wipes the sweat off his forehead with the back of his hand. And here he thought working in the garage during summer was bad. Waiting tables and being surrounded by other sweaty people top it by miles.
They cling to each other far too long, rocking back and forth on their feet. When they part they're both smiling, grinning even and Dean can’t resist letting his hand linger a little, squeezing Cas's neck gently. And seeing Cas all squinty-eyed and toothy-smile, very much real and right in front of him, makes Dean's heart squeeze painfully in his chest and his stomach flutter.
Cas makes a non-committal noise, his eyes flitting around the room. Then he untangles their hands. “I’ll be right back.”
Maybe it's because Dean's high on being able to touch, see, smell and taste him again after going without him for this long.
The moment is gone. Ruined again by Dean himself. But it's fine. Really. What was he thinking? "Well cheer up there are only a few days left until you get to enjoy some time off. And maybe after that, the inspiration will hit."
— hurts. But he manages even if he has to lower his eyes to her hands. Apparently, it’s not what she wants him to say at all though.
Charlie [10:40 AM]: You know I won’t force you to talk about this but I do have the ability to get Cas's number. And I won’t hesitate to pester him.
Dean hadn’t even picked up on it at first. Though there had been many occasions where they’d met between classes and he’d offered to share his snacks after not just catching Cas staring at them a little too long but also hearing his stomach complaining quite loudly. It hadn’t been a big deal to him and he’d only realized how bad it was when he witnessed Cas in the time leading up to finals week for the first time. Forgetting to eat or pushing down hunger for a few hours was one thing, eating one meal a day, if even that, for an extended time a completely different one.
He meets her eyes and decides to hell with it. She can go back to being happy in five minutes when he’s done telling his little tale. “I found out Cas never got my letter. So, turns out he never said no.”
The conversation flows normally then and only when Cas pauses in the middle of a sentence, yawing loudly, does Dean even bother glancing at his watch. It's nearly two am.
That Cas willingly asked her to become his adviser had still surprised him. That Cas had a complete meltdown about his own work after each of their meetings less so.
The nervous laugh slips out of him before he can bite down on it. “Yeah well, he never had to deal with the real possibility of us having sex with him around because we haven't seen each other in months and he doesn't really leave the house anymore.”
Dean doesn’t step into his father’s bedroom but he stands there long enough until he’s sure he’s not just imagining the slight movement and the barely audible breathing coming from the bed. And as soon as he’s sure, he closes the door again just as quietly and leaves for the kitchen, the knot around his chest loosening.
“I’m not.” He absolutely was but he tries to school his expression into a more neutral one. He fails miserably. “A guy can’t be in a good mood for once?”
Dean looks back to Sam, shakes his head. “I wasn’t-” He glances at the clock on the wall, takes in the time but can’t register it past the fact that it’s going onto two in the afternoon and that he doesn’t know how long he hid in the bathroom. “I wasn’t here the whole time. Maybe there’s news and they just couldn’t find me.”
He tries to focus and the first episode is fine while he can keep his brain from wandering off by eating. But the second all he’s got left in his hands is the beer bottle, he feels jittery again, like what he’s doing is not enough. It makes him want to go back outside and drive. Somewhere, nowhere. Just away from his thoughts. No destination. It also makes him want to straighten out his space, clean up any mess there is. As it is though the only thing to do is wash the dishes. He supposes that’s the curse of living by himself, of being the only one around to create chaos. Not that he’s even a messy person, to begin with.
He blinks, looks up, and realizes that Sam’s not the only one waiting for his attention or looking at him. They’re all watching him. It’s obvious he missed something and he can only stare at them blankly.
The job is just the tip of the iceberg. It’s just what pays his bills and what helps keep a roof over their head. It’s what makes him able to not have to think too long about supporting Eileen and Sam if they need it. It’s what gives him autonomy over his own damn life. But it’s really not about any of that because underneath the surface it’s all Cas, Cas, Cas and being unable to return to him, be with him, go back to that normal life with him. If there’s already a crack there, it’ll only get bigger, more painful the longer this goes on and there’s so much more at stake here than just a job. Dean swallows. “I can find something here.”
“You don't,” Cas says and Dean feels his hand close over his own, squeezing it. It's warm and Dean wishes he could turn over his own hand and latch onto him instead of the chain. He doesn’t and Cas pulls back again. “I'm not saying no, Dean.”
The fabric of Cas's trench coat rustles when he indicates and checks the rearview mirror. “You don’t have to worry about it.”
Whenever things disappeared, given to a friend or another stranger or back to nature in some cases: Dean noticed. Though the free space never stayed empty for long, there were a few he missed more than he’d let on. Not because of what they were but more so because they’d been things that had made Cas light up so brightly when Dean had pointed them out the first time. He’d loved seeing that spark in his eyes, listened patiently to where he’d gotten it from, and then proceeded to complain about having to keep it dust-free anyway. Most times, Cas had rolled his eyes at his antics and shut him up with a kiss. Dean had fallen in love a little more each time.
A shadow moves on Cas' face, settles into the lines of it and makes him look even more exhausted. "I'm sorry to hear that."
He stuffs another gun into the duffle bag, a machete, too, and then some more things. He has a system here. How is he supposed to keep track of everything when he can't see everything? This is so gonna backfire.
“Well, the first thing I said to him when he opened the door was ‘I love you’. Didn’t really make for a smooth conversation after that.”
Dean unlocks his phone, finds ten new messages, and has to bite his lip to keep from smiling. Cas apparently has taken to providing commentary on a space documentary to keep himself busy tonight. Because he has the time and energy to do that now and doesn't spend every waking second with his nose buried in his dissertation. It's kind of nice but it also makes Dean wonder why Cas never mentioned being this close to done during any of their phone calls or text conversations from October to March. Surely it would have been worth a mention, right? At least just to help Dean understand why he was so busy a little better — not that he didn't know but he was used to the normal level of busyness that came with the dissertation. A final deadline surely must have just increased that.
Not just because of the headache plaguing Dean or the slight guilt that has made itself home in his stomach, now that he’s thinking a little more clearly about that drunk dialing deal he had with Charlie — picking up is just as bad as calling and he should have known. Or maybe he’s just feeling guilty about leaving her hanging, who knows. He can unpack that at a different time when his head isn’t already about to explode. There are also a few unread text messages from Garth asking about a yearbook and yeah that was a whole conversation he vaguely remembers. He promised yesterday to unearth that for the wedding, didn’t he? Drunk Dean apparently had it out for him. The good morning text from Cas complaining about how mornings should be banished — no change there — distracts him for a minute or two while he gets ready but he gets back on track with a great deal of willpower.
“No, I got that. I'm just”-Sam skewers some salad with too much vigor-“not quite understanding how you're managing that. Didn't you say you only got those six weeks off of work and that's probably all they'd give you?”
Somewhere in the parking lot a car honks, followed by yelling, and Cas startles into a huffed laugh. He pushes Dean back, strong hand flat and insistent against his chest. His eyes tell a different story though, his flushed cheeks as well. “We're going to get arrested for public indecency.”
. He gets an elbow to the side in return. But by the way, Cas is looking at him, he’s not that far off. For the kid’s sake, Dean adds, “What do you two think about hot chocolate?”
Because as far as he knows Cas (and he considers it to be fairly well) it could be either the most random meme from the internet that he couldn't figure out how to save and then find again on his phone to actually post it instead of a link, or the most in detail article about how it's scientifically proven that people feel lonelier during December and how he shouldn't feel bad about that.
The silence between them stretches for a moment and Dean thinks it wouldn’t take much at all for him to spill his whole heart for Cas to see right now.
"And then I get one night in my bed before I'll have to sleep on your sucky couch. Really, it's amazing what I do for you. And on Christmas nonetheless."
“Well, being in the same space will make that easier,” Dean says, shrugs his shoulders when Cas gives him a look. They’re both smiling like idiots though. “But you’re right. We should do that.” He pauses, licks his lips. “Because I love you. And you sort of still love me, too.”
If you accept this offer, I would appreciate you signing it with a kiss. If you have any questions regarding this employment, please do not hesitate to contact me.
while being sad and Dean knows for a fact he himself looks like a mess. His next words come out bitter, “Then what are you saying?”
The fridge door closes again and suddenly he’s face to face with his father, who’s holding jelly and butter in his free hand and who meets his gaze like he expects him to argue about this. “What?” There’s a bite to his voice now and while Dean pulls himself up straight automatically, he doesn’t feel the need to worry or defend since there seems to be no reason to. Still, there’s the distinct feeling of wrong that goes along with it that makes him avert his eyes. “Nothing. I must’ve gotten it mixed up then.”
And Cas is right. Now that the blanket is around his shoulders he’s aware of how cold he’d been before, how his hands still shake, how his stomach is not just in knots from panic but how he’s hungry as well, how he’s pretty sure he could fall asleep upright and this second. “Okay.”
On top of that, he’ll have to sort through the apartment and figure out what he needs and wants within hours — however long Cas will give him or stay away — because surely he wouldn’t want to see Dean, right? And just the thought of them being in the same space in this hypothetical scenario is enough to send Dean’s brain reeling and does he even want to see Cas?
“I like Cas and no matter the circumstances I have to say I’m sad to see him go. But I like you as well, Dean. One might even say you’re family. You need time to heal and get over him? You can have it.”
"Don't!" He feels Garth wrist in his hand, the bones underneath his skin. Thin and weak and his grip is too strong. But he-
right there because he wants to, no needs to make his father's words a moot point. But then his father moves, looks back at him, face slipping into another scowl, and all Dean can think is that his father doesn’t deserve to hear that. Not before Cas, maybe not even after him.
“You figured out dinner?” his father asks and unlike Dean, he doesn’t just freeze upon seeing him. Instead, he continues walking until he’s at a more conversational distance. Too close but far enough to not be in Dean’s personal bubble just yet.
“Yeah, of course.” Dean forces his eyes back to the road and starts the car, the heating kicking back to life noisily. Only when he's pulled back onto the road and they've made another turn, can he see movement from the corner of his eye. It's followed by a long sigh. “So he replied.”
“Since you admitted to wanting a white picket fence life with our boy Cas,” Charlies says and places something on the coffee table before leaving for her kitchen again.
And if he cries just a little bit during the night and even lets Charlie hold him for a minute there, it’s just that the movies she picked all include fucking sob stories.
He read the other replies to his tweet during his coffee earlier. All of them were taking it with humor, including a sexual innuendo or two and it made him feel half as bad for posting it and less embarrassed about being so openly weak and needy for once. Hell, he's allowed to joke about this if he wants to and what's going on behind the scenes between Cas and him? Nobody's business but theirs. He's learned how to keep up a front of everything being just fine.
“Is there history between you two or is there another reason for why you look like you’re going to throw up?”
The third version — the one that brings him right back to where he started before the call, the one that thinks that just maybe there’s a chance he won’t need to move his things — lets hope rise once more.
Yeah, maybe he should let the kid have no choice ever again. Though in all fairness Dean gets this one. “Do you now?”
Dean's next breath comes shaky, his heartbeat in his ears loud and clear. “I told you what he did. To us. Me.”
"Yeah." Dean untangles their hands and wraps his arms around him, pulling him as close as he can and pressing his face into Cas's hair. And despite the uncomfortableness slowly settling in his body due to their less-than-ideal position, he feels completely content for the first time in a while. He smiles. Home. He likes the sound of that. "It is."
That's three more days, four if Cas only gets to it on Sunday. It sounds reasonable enough to not push for sooner. Dean wants to for the sake of his own mind but he also wants a genuine reaction. He knows he’d give something away if he asked Cas to read it sooner — he could ask him to read it now, listen to his reactions. Except Cas would go into it with expectations and those would probably differ from Dean’s. And he’s certain he wouldn’t be able to sit there and listen quietly for however long it’d take Cas to read it. Probably not that long — Cas reads quickly even with Dean’s messy scrawl — but long enough that he’d be stupid and blurt the question out in the middle.
He blinks, teeth digging into his lower lip, and forces his eyes away. A book. He was supposed to get that book for Sam and wanted to bring his shotgun in for a cleaning because he hasn't gotten the chance to yet. And salt rounds. He needs to stock up on those, too.
“To what? See me here?” Dean finishes for him, can’t keep the sarcasm out of his voice because seriously, of all things he could say. “You do know where we are, right? And that I live here?”
They stay like that until there's only sniffling to be heard and Cas moves, to straighten back up. Dean lets him but doesn't stop touching him, ignores the way his eyes are rimmed red, and staring at him. Instead, he tugs him up, onto shaking legs before he forces him to sit down on the bed. When he steps back, fingers catch on his watch then wrist, too weak for purpose but a heavy unsaid
taunts him and Cas just continues staring at him like he’s lost his mind — which, maybe, he has a little. He certainly feels like he’s about to lose something. When Cas doesn’t react, Dean flaps the letter in his direction again and adds, “Please?”
— minutes later, probably on her way to waking Oliver because it's been long enough that other family members will surely start to arrive soon.
He barks a nervous laugh, rubs his chin, and lets the invitation rest on the table. He turns fully back to her, lifts his hands. “No history. We haven’t talked much lately but he’s a nice dude. I’m happy for him.”
Cas is flushed, eyes heavy-lidded and unfocused and his fingers are now digging into Dean's arm like he's drowning - not in water but his own mind - and his mouth is hanging open, drawing breaths but he swallows around the air like he can't catch it in any way. Still, he nods, the tiniest of movement.
“I haven't told my father you're coming.” The words rush out of Dean along with his breath and he holds it, tries gauging Cas's reaction. But it doesn't come beyond his frown deepening. So he continues, “Well I kind of did through text while I was waiting for you. I was scared he'd say no to you staying over.”
But apparently working at Bobby's garage, waiting tables, and running after Oliver two to three times a week, have given him back his old glory. Who would have guessed? Certainly not him. Certainly not the junk food that he still has all over his kitchen — he learned a lot about eating healthy while cooking for his father and he’s keeping some of it up. But he’s not a monster. He can still appreciate the perfection of greasy pizza or a well-stacked burger and he’ll do it without a second thought.
Dean watches him until he turns at the end of the aisle and disappears out of sight. Then he stands there and waits for far too long, just to make sure they won’t run into each other again.
"You tell me." Dean huffs a laugh, rubs a hand over his face. "I kind of thought we would, you know."
Another sigh, less exasperated though, and the hope that maybe things aren't as bad after all, grows inside of Dean and falls flat with Cas's next word. “Sometimes I think he does it on purpose.”
“Cas,” he repeats in the same petulant tone. “You're being a recluse and you need to stop. I promise it'll help. Even if it's just a damn walk.”
He’s in and out of sleep after that, faintly aware of the documentary changing into something with a too-loud laugh track and movement underneath his cheek. But when he groans his displeasure and twists away from it, he’s met by a soft shushing and the volume getting lowered.
Eileen shrugs her shoulders, both says, and signs, “Your father gave it to Sam last weekend. Figured you’d come here sooner than visit his place.”
So he swallows down the words on his tongue and instead he says, “Sorry,” and, “Take another left there.”
Dean presses his eyes shut, tucking the phone closer to his ear, and tries focusing on where Cas is musing about the newest book he found to use as a reference for his dissertation. It's ten in the evening. He was supposed to be done for the night.
“But please remember that the people you care about, care about you, too. None of us want to watch you crash and burn because you think we can't stomach you being human. You're allowed to think of yourself first sometimes.”
He presses his eyes shut. He's suddenly too aware of his family being just downstairs, their cheerful conversation barely reaching his ears, and it sets his nerves on edge, makes him feel trapped. He can't have them overhear this, he can't be the one to destroy the good mood everyone's in. But he also can't ruin the short time he has with Cas over this. Still, all that makes it past the lump in his throat is, “I can't.”
"Do you-" he stops, has no idea where he's going with the sentence but Cas says, "Yes," nonetheless. And then they're suddenly standing in the kitchen, still too close but not close enough - still blissfully alone - and Dean watches with too much warmth in his chest how Cas unpacks the food he brought from the bag, taking utmost care and Dean knows he will kiss him before the night is over. He wants those hands and all the tenderness and love that comes with them.
“I know. Which is exactly why me joking about it isn't fine.” There's shuffling, fabric shifting, and the familiar squeak of their bed. Dean’s own bed suddenly seems too cold, too empty. “I miss you.”
Dean [2:25 AM]: We’ve barely talked since we broke up. But this past week, it just feels like not much has changed between us? It feels like we’re friends again.
What they are testing for, Dean has no idea. He’s hoping, sure. But what could they even be anymore without one of them slipping up — him, without him slipping up. Because it would be him, he is very aware of the fact. He’s got the feelings here. Cas doesn’t. Probably. Well, Dean’s at least sure Cas isn’t in love with him anymore — again turned down proposal and break-up. But there must be some inkling of friendship left otherwise he wouldn’t care enough to keep talking to him.
Cas's sigh sounds like he’s had this conversation a million times already and like he’s questioning Dean’s sanity. “It’s highly unlikely that you’d live long enough to ever see a black hole up close, Dean.”
Cleaning up the remnants of his measly breakfast of coffee and toast — it’s his own damn fault for not going grocery shopping yesterday — is quick and he considers the last sips of coffee in the machine for a moment before he decides against them, letting them slip down the drain as well. There’ll be fresh coffee at Bobby’s anyway. “Are you leaving early?” The question startles Dean enough that he flinches before he can catch himself and he blinks over towards the entryway of the kitchen. His father is standing there, one hand braced against the doorframe and the other clutching onto a crutch. He looks sleep rumpled and tired still but that’s fine because he’s just woken up and by normal standards, he’s still getting up early. It’s not like Dean can fault him for sleeping just because he’s the main reason Dean can’t.
Maybe he’d been so on edge during Cas's visit, overthinking every move and word, that now that he’s gone, now that he doesn’t have to think about it, he just stopped worrying overall, relaxed too much into the idea that there’s no trap behind every single corner in the house anymore, behind every word said. And now his father is handing out crumbs even, lulling him in further and making him almost forget that there was an issue, to begin with.
His mouth twitches, fights to smile at her concern, but it doesn’t quite make it. “Something like that, yeah.”
He makes a face. He doesn’t know who’d even sent him mail there or, you know, ever in the first place. He pockets his phone so that he can offer some signing along with his words — he’s been practicing and is so much better than he was in October last year but he knows it’s not always enough to bring his point across. “Well, he’s not wrong. Now gimme.”
So he says, “If you have something to say, say it,” and there’s so much venom in his voice that it surprises even him. Maybe he should have seen it coming when he pressed call for the first time in weeks. Maybe he shouldn’t have assumed that he’d make it through a single phone call without finally snapping. Maybe he should have just kept avoiding it and him until Cas would have started as well. That would have made it easier instead of having him question his absence like he didn’t know.
Oliver signs, “Yes,” and finally seems to get some of his energy back, leaning out of his car seat and into Dean’s arms. He squeezes the kid once, presses a kiss to his head.
, Dean’s the dumbest person in the whole wide world because it’s so fucking obvious now. All that time spent wallowing in his own misery while Cas the poor bastard couldn’t possibly have any idea of why Dean suddenly did a 180 and fucking left him. And the way he pushed against every ounce of interest Dean still showed him after because he must have been so hurt. And then during the past few days, still showing so much care and compassion for Dean despite all that, even though he couldn’t possibly have deserved it from Cas's point of view. It surely all comes down to how he never was the one who fell out of love.
“I’m good,” Dean says, doesn’t bother sliding out from underneath the car, even if his stomach has been complaining for a while now. But he’s nearly done here and then he can hide in the back office for a bit and cool down a little. “Brought something from home.”
Cas tugs on him, hands wrapped around his hips, and pulls him off the counter. Dean follows willingly, bumps into him because Cas doesn't move an inch, leaves little to no space for Dean between the counter and his own, firm and oh so warm body. He swallows audibly, can see how Cas's eyes dip down to his lips again. It's so damn tempting. And Dean is a weak man.
"'Course I do." He squints his eyes at Sam, hand pulling the trunk closed already, when he pauses. Should he?
Dean stares down at the comforter set in his hands and wonders when he lost track of time so badly that he’s only gift shopping one and a half weeks before Garth’s actual wedding and has to go out of his way to do it. Bless wedding registries, fuck online stores for not having the things on said registries in stock. Or even at the branch closest to his place. At least the one on the other side of town could offer him a set of pale yellow bedding and a matching sheet, that Dean finds even uglier in person than he’d found them online. But again, he’s late in the whole gift-shopping process and there weren't many things left that he’d actually take some joy in gifting. He figured having enough bedding is a good thing. Keeps you from doing too many laundry runs for just your sheets. It’s something his previously very active sex life taught him. It’s something he doesn’t have to worry about at the moment.
“And I don’t like you touching me, dad,” Dean says and he knows his voice is dripping with disrespect but he can’t stop himself because he may be his father’s son but he’s not a child anymore. So he straightens up and holds his ground even if he wishes he was wearing his boots still just to be that little bit taller, be that little more intimidating. Not that he thinks it would do anything but ease his mind.
He swallows. Now’s really not the time to have another breakdown of his own. So he asks, “Do you want a hug?” because he can at least offer the kid some comfort. And maybe in some twisted way himself.
“I'm not sure I'm following.” Sam's looking at him weird and certainly not at all as on board as he should be. Why does his brother always need to go the extra mile on this? He did it the first time, too, after their father had thrown a fit about the option of professional home care, and Sam had tried to figure out why Dean just went with it. He left Sam hanging back then. He'll do a little better now if only because he's so fucking tired.
“It's fine,” he mumbles, pressing his lips together. He feels incredibly stupid for actually feeling upset by those simple words. Or maybe it’s rather that he can’t believe he fell for them, didn’t hear it in his voice or anything when he usually can. Fuck it’s been so long since they talked in person. He sighs, rubs his eyes. His body feels like lead all of a sudden, heavy and weary. “Everything’s just a lot right now.”
"Hello," Jack says, raising a hand in greeting and Dean forces his eyes over at him, automatically smiles at the blinding grin on Jack's face.
He nods, hands on the chains tightening. It's not the way he imagined being turned down but at least he knows Cas cares, loves him in some way still and that's enough. It should be enough. But it's not. “I get it.”
Things happen quickly from that point on and between finding his father on the kitchen floor, conscious but barely so, not obviously hurt but wrong — another stroke. It’s another stroke, Dean already knows it without fail and he’s going to throw up — and getting his father to the hospital somehow — it’s a wonder they make it in one piece and he thinks belatedly that maybe he shouldn’t have been driving at all because he’s possibly in the middle of a fucking panic attack. He should have been smarter, should have called 9-1-1 directly and he’s vaguely aware of yelling for somebody’s help, while they stumble into the emergency room. There’s a bustle of activity then, someone taking his father away, somebody asking Dean questions that he answers to his best abilities and then gentle hands coaxing him into sitting in one of the waiting room chairs. A minute later a plastic cup of water gets pressed into his hands and a steady voice tells him that it’s a good thing he brought his father here and that he needs to breathe.
"Don't be so sure. Being honest with yourself is one thing. But being honest with others, especially family..." Cas trails off, shrugs his shoulders. He looks a little guilty and it makes Dean remember that there are reasons why Cas never talks about his parents. He squeezes his hands.
“If it does Oliver good, go ahead.” It’s hard not to turn away from her and hide while saying the words. Because even if they have every right, just as Cas would, the thought alone — Cas being part of his family but not part of
The line clicks, goes dead and Dean presses his eyes shut, letting Cas's words take over in his head for a few seconds before he pulls himself together again. He's got a job to take care of.
