“Next thing you know, you’re going to tell me this guy is going to wipe my ass, too.”
Two hours later, Gabriel was bored out of his mind.  Dean had kept himself locked in his room with the excuse he was reading a script.  Castiel had practiced some yoga earlier and then cleaned his pistol and read a book on self defense, as he sat sentry outside of Dean’s room.
Dean visibly tensed.  He ground his teeth and his fisted his hands at his sides.  He still did not feel comfortable with the notion of Castiel and the cocky actor remaining friends.  “I bet he would love getting you drunk and having his way with you.”
Dean grinded his teeth because he was being cock blocked by his assistant.  He wanted to make love with Castiel this evening but he could kiss any sexy time sayonara.  The actor reprimanded himself for not having his own way with Cas in the shower. “Aren’t you going to bid us good night, Deano?”  Gabriel grinned mischievously.
Samuel slightly smiled at Castiel.  “I swear I am telling the truth.  I would never hurt my Gabriel.”
“Do I have to be blunt?!”
She washed her hands and rinsed her mouth with water.  The girl stepped aside.  Castiel performed the same ritual and Dean followed.  Then the geisha opened the door to a tea ceremony room.  She still did not show her face as she pointed at their feet.
Dean rolled his eyes and remained silent as a tomb.  He would never admit to anyone but when he witnessed Castiel grabbing Max’s ass, he wanted to run to them, bang a bottle against the smug actor’s head, throw Cas over his shoulder and get the hell out of the Rumba Café.  Seriously, he had been hanging around Gabe too long.  Maybe he needed to socialize more with Chuck and Ash.  They could hit strip clubs and catch NFL games.
“Listen, mate.  You guys have something special, I would kill to have.  Don’t blow it.”
Gabriel interrupted his boss.  “Dean, we spoke about this.  Your life is most likely in peril and you need to be safe at all times.”
“Dean, let me down this instant!”
Dean was livid.  He closed the curtains and jogged up the stairs; stumbling in the process.  The others asked amongst themselves what could have caused his erratic behavior.
“Should we leave the two of you alone?” Sam asked as the other two men chuckled.
“I guess you are not going to take the next part well.”
“Did it ever occur to you Cas that maybe Sam became desperate and as a result did not give a shit about the damn cameras?  He just wanted us to be blown to smithereens!  You almost died, Cas.  I will never forgive him for that.  I hope he rots in fucking prison!”
Before hitting the shower again, Dean turned both his and Cas’ cell phones off.  He did not plan on leaving the hotel room until tomorrow afternoon, for the scheduled photo shoot.  He sprinted to the bathroom, where Cas was already waiting for him in the shower.
“You’re right about that, mate.”
Castiel held Dean’s hand before embracing his mother.  “Thank you so much, for this.”  The two of them remained hugging and crying for several minutes.  When they finally broke apart, Cas asked, “Who has been running the ranch all this time?”
“So it is not legal?”  Cas asked.
“I am sorry; Dean, but we can’t do this.  How many times do I have to tell you that my number one priority is keeping you safe?  If we cross the line, things will become complicated and I cannot be distracted.”  He wiped his hand and toned lower abdomen with his discarded kimono.
The spread was kind of girly for Dean’s taste but he decided to stay quiet about it.  Fassbinder opened a bottle of red wine and poured it into five glasses.  Gabriel and Sam cut pears and apples in slices.  Castiel opened the containers of the duck pate, green olive tapenade and cheese cubes.  Dean cut French and olive breads to prepare savory ham and brie cheese sandwiches.
Dean sat up straight.  “Shit!  I knew things were too good between us.  I never get to be happy.”
How could Dean say no to the man he had fallen in love with.  Plus, he had an enormous boner.  Cas looked fucking hot all wet and bothered.  The man even had the audacity to pout as he wrapped his right hand around his own erection.  Dean ripped his clothes off before rocketing inside the shower stall.  His hands held on to Castiel’s neck right before his lips plundered the bodyguard’s plump ones.  Cas bit Dean’s lower lip.  The actor’s hand enveloped Castiel’s hand, which covered his engorged staff.
“I’m ok, Cas; how about you?”
Gabriel soon joined Dean.  He wrapped his arm across his employer’s tense shoulders.  Dean sobbed on the shorter man’s shoulder.  “I can’t lose him, Gabe.”
“Only for five minutes; visitors are not allowed.  I will make an exception with you.”
Castiel pulled off the t-shirt he donned to cover his nose in order to avoid smoke inhalation.  The flames were already licking at his exposed back.  He frantically shook a slumbering Dean once again.  The bodyguard was petrified thinking the actor might have inhaled too much of the smoke fumes.  This could cause brain damage if the victim inhales plenty of the noxious fumes. “Dean, wake the fuck up!!”
He stood up and was going to head to his and Dean’s bedroom.  As he passed adjacent to Dean, the blond man grabbed one of his arms and placed the flabbergasted dark haired man on his lap.  Castiel straddled the actor as he sat at the dining table.  He bit his lower lip as Dean’s hands held on to his hipbones causing their groins to deliciously grind against each another.
Once Dean is done, he passed it to Castiel.  Cas as usual is a quick study and Gabriel does not need to instruct him.  He performed his part of the ceremony rapidly and returned the bowl to Gabe.  Gabriel cleaned the utensils and turned to his friends.
The two men had changed and went to the garden.  Dean slyly looked at Castiel in his kimono and he loved how the color brought out the bodyguard’s eyes.   He was unaware that the slightly shorter man was thinking the same thing about him.  The geisha appeared and gestured for them to follow her to a small stone basin.
Castiel had never traveled outside the US, so he was taking in all of the room’s amenities.  Each chamber had an LCD screen television, high speed internet access, mini hi-fi system and air conditioning adjusted by remote control.
Gabe sighed contentedly.  “Ditto, babe”
“If the fire wouldn’t have happened…would you have fucked him?”  Dean chewed his lower lip as he waited for Cas’ answer.
Gabriel joined his boss in the kitchen’s island.  “That sounds great to me.  So what has Cas’ boxers in a bunch?”
“Ditto, babe”
“Castiel, I never stopped loving you.”
By this time, Morning Star had lied down on the hay covered ground.  Another foot appeared.  “Cas, make sure the feet point downward; I don’t want any complications to arise.”  The dark haired man followed Jo’s instructions.
“Have you enjoyed the view?” a visibly pissed Castiel inquired.
Castiel was still fighting his ever growing feelings toward the actor.  He had forgiven Gabriel a few weeks ago for the wedding fiasco.  The infamous wedding scroll was encased in a bamboo frame in Dean’s living room.  The trio had returned to the actor’s house after cameras had been installed inside and outside the home.  Also, a new sophisticated security system had been placed.
One police car escorted Adam to the precinct and the other drove the other two men to Dean’s house.  Upon getting there, Sam and Cas saw several police cars and an ambulance parked outside.  Castiel ran out of the car and froze upon seeing Dean’s injuries in the light.  A paramedic was tending to the gash on his face.  Dean removed himself from the EMT and hugged Castiel.  “Baby, thank God you are alright.”
“What does your uncle have to do with all of this?”  Castiel held on to the back of a metal chair.
Three hours later they arrived at the Rumba Café, where a tall hunky Scottish man approached Gabriel.  They hugged and kissed each other lightly on the lips.  Gabe introduced his new friend to Dean and Cas.  It turned out Samuel Maclachlan was an aspiring actor, who had a small role in the latest James Bond movie that was currently being filmed in Paris.
The actor remained standing by a light post, when something whizzed by his head and landed on the post.  Castiel swiftly pushed him to the ground and covered his body.  Dean’s heartbeat accelerated as the bodyguard’s well toned form covered his.  Dean licked his lips as Castiel checked him for injuries.  Once he knew Dean was unharmed, Cas scanned the area.  There was only a homeless man pushing his shopping cart about half a block from them.  Also, two elderly women were power walking across the bike path.
He led Gabe to sit next to Dean.  “Oh God, my Sammy went after him on his own?”
Chad kissed her forehead.  “Mums the word”
Four hours later, Gabe texted both of them to meet him in the hotel’s seventh floor ASAP.  When they exited the elevator, the two men noticed a geisha standing by a small bamboo table.  She was giving them her back; arranging some clothes in the process.  Dean inhaled deeply the scent of lotus and cherry blossoms, which were everywhere in the makeshift garden.  “Excuse me, miss, our friend is meeting us here.”
Dean saw a frizzy haired red head carrying a sign that read, “Marry Me Dean”.   He chuckled upon reading it.  He approached the woman, who seemed to be achieving orgasm on the spot and kissed her pale cheek.   A chubby adolescent girl, who stood adjacent to her, took a picture of the two of them. This allowed the carrot top to calm down a bit.
A week later the quartet and Pam returned to LA.  They were finally able to truly relax after Adam’s death.  The man had been like their own Freddy Krueger since it had been so difficult to kill the fucker.  Gabriel had accompanied Sam to his first Calvin Klein photo shoot.  He had not liked how flirtatious the photographer had been with Sam during the previous night’s dinner.  Gabe had to keep his eyes glued on Balthazar the entire run of the shoot.  He trusted his darling Sammy but the grabby Brit not a smidge.
The following morning at seven thirty, Castiel left a slumbering Dean in his room.  He headed down the kitchen and was relieved to see Sam and Gabriel preparing pancakes for breakfast.  Cas told them to cease what they were doing and gave them the horrible news of Adam’s escape.  “Under no circumstances do any of you leave this house without me.  Please keep an eye on my mom and Jimmy.  I don’t want to get them involved in this mess.  Maybe we should cut the trip short and leave this afternoon.  I don’t want to endanger their lives.”
“Of course you can take me for a drive, Cas?” Dean said.
“Thanks!”  Castiel seemed like a teenager getting ready for prom.  He scurried to his room to make the call.
“Don’t forget the pies and sweet potatoes,” Dean contributed to the conversation.  Castiel rolled his eyes and nudged him on the shoulder.
“The question is what the two of you just did?”
“Hey, man.  You have nothing to do with his psychopathic ways.  I want you to know that I want to get to know you and want you to be a part of my life.”  He was astounded to feel tears forming in his eyes.  Cas was right.  He had always wanted a family.  In his own deviant, evil ways, Adam had given Dean a family.  Yeah, he already had Gabe and Pam but if it weren’t for him needing the services of a bodyguard; Dean would never had met the love of his life.  Now, he even met his own brother.  He had to admit Sam was a cool dude.
Sam sat on the chair and placed Gabriel gingerly on his lap.  “It was horrible, babe.  I was exiting the hotel’s elevator, when the blast was heard and the entire place started shaking.  For a moment I thought it was some sort of terrorist attack.  Then when I ran outside and saw the SUV was in flames and pieces of it had flown all over the place.”
“I am seething at the moment and don’t want to hurt you.  Your body is still healing from the accident.”
He had his eyes closed for a while.  Cas could feel Dean staring at him.  He was unaware the actor had done a lot of thinking after the fire.  The couple of minutes Dean waited for Cas to emerge from the suite were the longest of his life.  Dean could no longer deny he had the hots for Castiel.  Not just a crush, nope he was falling head over heels for his bodyguard.  When Dean saw Castiel walk towards the elevator, he felt like running to him and kissing the hell out of him.  Ugh!  He was becoming a chick!
“Sure, I’ll be in the kitchen if you need me.  Please keep in mind; you can’t remain pissed at Cas for long.  The guy is your bodyguard and the two of you are stuck with each other for the long run.”   Dean rolled his eyes.
“What I haven’t told you was that I was engaged once.”
“Of course you would jump at your boyfriend’s suggestion,” Dean stated.
Max chuckled.  “I get it.  We had fun but I was a substitute for what you can’t have.”
“I mean if it were someone else, I would not say anything but Dean Winchester?  He is becoming famous and a couple of years down the line he will be internationally known.  Women and men will be throwing themselves at him.  Do you think he will be happy in a monogamous relationship with a bodyguard?  He will want to involve himself with people in the entertainment industry.”
Dean felt all the restaurant patron’s eyes on them.  He nervously swallowed before answering.  “Yes, we are married.”
Gabriel rose on his feet and bit one of his finger nail’s cuticles.  Could the two incidents be linked?  What if the Belgian chocolate had been poisoned?  They had been intended for Dean but Crowley inadvertently saved his master’s life by hogging them all.  Now the hit and run.  Could it be there was some deranged lunatic out there trying to kill his boss?  Well not as long as Gabriel Jenner had any breath left in his lungs!  He tucked the blanket under Dean’s chin and exited the room to make an important phone call.
Dean shook hands with his brother in law.  “Thanks, Jimmy.  At least one of the Novak brothers saw my movie.  Unlike your older brother, who had time to only watch the new X-Men movie.”
“You are not only feisty but funny, also.  Would you believe me if I told you my name is Chad?”
The man’s black hawkish eyes zeroed in on the former President.  Castiel ran towards Bush and threw him behind the platform.  His body covering the stunned Texan, while yelling, “Middle Eastern man in third row wearing beige jacket is packing heat!”
The actor, who was raised in Ireland chuckled and actually blushed hearing the handsome American’s compliments.  Dean gawked at Castiel.  Since when was he such a geek?  “So you saw X-Men but never saw Bang Your Are Dead?”
“Whoa!  That is more money that I will make shooting my next project.”  Dean remained silent for a moment.  “I guess I can invest the money and donate a million to the Boys & Girls Club.  Those kids can use the money.”
Singer shook hands with both men and nodded at Pam, as several officers swarmed inside the dilapidated dwelling.  “Good job, son.  I knew you would apprehend the perp.”  The bodyguard blushed.  “There is an ambulance waiting for you.  I want to make sure none of you suffered any serious injuries during your captivity.”
After Dean signed autographs and posed with fans for pictures, the blond actor was escorted inside the theatre, where the movie’s premiere would commence in five minutes.  He was sweating bullets as he saw himself in the big screen and was dreading for the much buzzed about butt shot to occur.  Fifty five minutes into the film, it finally happened as his character was being tortured by a sadistic Moroccan drug lord.  Gabriel whistled loudly, causing several guests to laugh hysterically.  Dean slapped the back of Gabe’s head.
“The Impala is the love of Dean’s life,” Gabriel answered.  “No offense, Cas.”
The bodyguard was flabbergasted.  “Look Anna, I am flattered and you know you will always hold a special place in my heart but…”  She rose on her toes and kissed him on the mouth.
He gently shook his husband’s shoulder.  “Castiel, baby, wake up”
“When do I start?”
Castiel ran a hand through his tussled dark hair.  “Dean, you have to be the dumbest jack ass I know.  If you would have remained spying on us, you would have seen me push Anna from me.”
“I’ve got terrible news, boy.”
There was a knock at the door.  Samuel opened it.  Dean thought it was Cas but it turned out to be room service.  “I ordered us some clam chowder and hot chocolate. I also did the same for the lovebirds across the hall.”
He turned to look at his lover.  “Van Damme, Cas…really?  I’m more of a Lundgren guy myself.”
“I don’t want to sleep alone tonight. Do you guys mind?”
Dean helped Castiel get to his feet and walked back to the house, where they would rejoin their family.  He held on tight to his husband’s hand as they strolled home.
Castiel frantically paced the small tea room.  “I’ve never heard of a marriage conducted through a tea ceremony.”
The director’s wife started singing “Total Eclipse of the Heart”.  She was off key but the two champagne glasses she had imbibed must have given her courage.  Castiel noticed the waitress, whose name was Yuriko approach Dean.  She whispered something in his ear and giggled.  Dean smirked.  He excused himself from the room following the waitress.
“You are joking!  I guess people who claim romance is dead, do have a point.”  Max covered his heart theatrically.
“Me, too, Deano and I’m sorry for leaving you all by your lonesome.”
“Dean, babe; why don’t we get you to eat more than a couple of sushi rolls,” Pam offered.
The bodyguard smiled at Max as the Irish raised man placed his arm around his shoulder.  Castiel felt Dean stiffen in the back of the taxi.  Why the hell was he being such an asshole?   He was adamant that he was not gay.  Yet he had passionately kissed him after the self defense session the other day.  Dean Winchester was a walking contradiction and confused the hell out of Castiel.
“You did a good job, Jiminy Cricket.”
Sam chuckled.  “Well brother, it seems you will have competition for Castiel’s affections.  He does not have to be jealous of you and your beloved baby anymore.”
“Must have been some hard core shit.”
He was going to enter but the door was locked again.  He knocked loudly.  “Dean, are you alright?”
“I’ve never had such a hot teacher before,” Dean whispered to himself.  Fuck!  Where did that come from?
Dean smirked confusing his deranged brother.  “You will not have a chance, you sadistic bastard.”  Adam was about to ask Dean what the hell he was babbling about, but one of the rifle’s bullets lanced through his spine.  The giant Scot fell dead over Dean.
Upon seeing Gabe’s purple demeanor, Cas unwound his hands from the shorter man’s neck.  The ebony geisha wig Gabriel donned earlier sat limply on the floor.  Cas’ hands were white with the make-up that covered Nosy Rosie’s neck and face.   He unwittingly aided the troublemaker to rise on shaky feet.  Dean approached them and handed Gabe a cup of water.
Dean and Castiel had remained in the kitchen with the excuse Cas was going to make fresh lemonade.  They spent five minutes making out and groping each other.  Gabe yelled, “You two can continue mauling each other later this evening!  We are hungry!”
Dean tried placing a hand on his lover’s tense shoulder but the other man shrugged it off and headed to their bedroom.  Another door was slammed.  “I take it Kevin Costner over there did not like what the judge had to say at Adam’s arraignment hearing?”
“I am not going to let you drive back to California tipsy.”
Castiel tenderly kissed his temple.  “We are almost at the finish line in this nightmare.  He will never hurt you again.”  Gabriel remained adamant in not leaving.  Dean and Cas had no other option but to agree to his demand.
“I don’t want to leave Dean by himself.  Who knows and the killer is watching his every move?”
“Laddie, you must try the duck pate it is sinfully delicious.”  Fassbinder spread some of it on a cracker and fed it to the bodyguard.  Castiel swooned upon tasting the pate.  Dean saw a smudge of pate on the side of Cas’ mouth.
“Thanks, Deano.  I plan on unveiling it next time he visits us in LA.”
“That is not fair, sir!  I have personally seen an agent or two fuck up and they were never reprimanded for their mistakes.  I am being demoted because I am the rookie in the group, who does not play to the old boys club’s politics!”
Max placed a hand on Castiel’s right shoulder.  “I’m sorry.  I know if we wouldn’t have been fooling around in my room none of this would have transpired.”
Dean frowned for a second.  “Thanks, Gabe.  You are a life saver, as usual.”
Dean’s eyebrows rose an inch or two.  He gritted his teeth and counted to ten.  This chick was getting on his last nerve.  Why the fuck didn’t Cas tell her to stop molesting him?  He drank the apple cider and then went to the kitchen to fetch two wine bottles.  He returned to the living room and automatically noticed Anna’s grubby hand was covering one of Cas’.  Dean uncorked the red wine bottle and poured a general amount into a glass.  Castiel immediately observed how fast his lover was guzzling down the wine.
Castiel drank half the glass.  “You should make an additional omelet.”
“Aw, but it’s so awesome to eat them from the hot chick on the table!”
The non-stop flight to Tokyo via Singapore Airlines II had an eleven hours and forty five minutes duration time.  Dean suggested for Gabe to sit in between him and Castiel for the tedious flight.  Dean drank a couple of gin tonics and felt mellow as hell during most of the trip.  Although the make-out session he and Castiel shared during their last flight home kept replaying in his mind.  Fortunately, the sexy Japanese stewardess handed him a blanket.   She had obviously seen the tent that had formed in his dark jeans.  Dean grinned and thanked her.  “Damn you, Cas!  Why do you have to be so fucking hot?!”  The actor thought to himself.
Sam introduced his uncle to his lover.  Gabriel finally jumped away from him and fervently hugged Crowley.  “Thanks for returning my Sammy to me.”
Gabriel sat on Sam’s lap as he told a cop what he went through and then it was Sam’s turn.  Two hours later, the paramedics, CSIs and cops left the house.  Sam and Gabe went to their studio.  Cas had tucked Dean in bed and left to make them some chamomile tea.  He returned to their bedroom and saw his lover’s face all bruised up.
All of a sudden, Dean was taken away from his woolgathering session by Castiel, who sat on a vacant mahogany chair at their table.  He was about to open his mouth, when a tall and lanky waiter approached them and asked him for his order.  Castiel rolled his cerulean eyes before ordering a cappuccino.  Once the server headed to the counter, the bodyguard covered one of Gabe’s shaking hands and smiled at him.
“Novak, thank your guardian angel your ass was not fired.  You are dismissed.  My administrative assistant will inform you where you will report to tomorrow morning.”
“One of my friends drove me here, do you mind taking me home?”
After Gabriel and Samuel vacated the deluxe room, Dean locked the door.  His palms were sweaty and his heart was beating so hard it reminded him of a galloping horse at the races.  He was being ridiculous.  The actor had not been this nervous before having sex since he lost his virginity.  When he entered his bedroom, Castiel had changed his sleeping pose.  He was now slumbering in a fetal position.  Dean sat adjacent to him on the king size bed.
“I hope you are telling the truth, Sam, because Gabriel is a mess and I really want for the bastard, who has been trying to kill Dean to be captured and pay.  Alright, I will call your uncle.”
Gabe winked at him before closing the door.  “Shit; the two of us alone for almost two entire days!”  Castiel started packing for a two day trip, which would feel like an eternity to him.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, dude, but can you leave me alone for a while?”
Once Dean was done, Cas handed him the mug of tea with two aspirins.  “Drink this baby; it will help you.”
“Alright, I gather there will be beefed up security at all these events?  I will be more cautious now.”
Dean closed his eyes and bit his lower lip.  He silently prayed to a God he did not believe in.  “Please God; don’t take him away from me.  You removed my parents from my life, when I was just a kid.  If you want me to start believing in you, then now it’s the perfect time to perform a miracle.  Please save Castiel’s life.  He doesn’t deserve to go this way.  I can’t live without him.”  He started sobbing.
The actor immediately noticed the shorter man’s face turn crimson.  He felt intense satisfaction in knowing he halted Fassbinder’s and Cas’ sexual shenanigans.  Well not him, but his psychotic stalker did.  Dean unknowingly gave Castiel an excellent idea.  The bodyguard’s mental wheels were already turning at warp speed.
“Adam must have discovered this information a while back.  Perhaps that is why he started distancing himself from the family.  He probably found our birth certificates and kept the news to himself.”
“Are you in love?”
“Let’s get some shut eye,” Dean mumbled into a pillow.
“I certainly will.”
“Unfortunately, the crazy bastard escaped from the psychiatric facility the judge had sent him for psychological evaluation.  He murdered an orderly in order to escape and took off in the victim’s truck.”
The meal he had just eaten was stuck in Castiel’s throat.  Dean was going to have a nervous breakdown if he told him the news.  “When did he break out?”
Fifteen minutes later, Castiel was wheeled into Ospedale Maggiore.  Dean felt completely impotent as he saw more blood oozing from the shrapnel injury.  He was going to enter the emergency room but was blocked by a middle aged nurse.   “I have to be with my husband.”
“Aren’t you going to tell me your name?  You did shove your tongue down my throat and maul my ass.”
The three men checked into the Hotel Plaza Athenee, which was located on the prestigious Avenue Montaigne and close to the Eiffel Tower.  Dean got turned on listening to Castiel speak fluent French with the concierge.  The man was full of surprises.  Pam had omitted informing them she had only been able to book a two bedroom suite.  Gabriel snored but Dean preferred to share his suite with his assistant than with Castiel.  At least with his short friend, he would not be tempted to do anything.
“Tell me about it.  By the way, where is Sam?”
Anna spoke animatedly to Dean about her being in the cheerleading squad and Castiel the kicker for the high school football team. Her hands were constantly on Castiel’s knees or hands.  Dean did not like that one bit.  Mercifully, everyone else joined them twenty minutes later.  Rachel brought some hot apple cider and handed a cup to everyone.
“By the way, Deano, Pammy is beyond furious.  She claims to have left you about a dozen messages.  So you better call her before you get ready for the photo shoot.”
Their bodies were drenched in perspiration.   Dean unrolled the condom from his cock, which was already getting hard again.  “How about we go for round two in the shower?”  Dean suggested.
“Please God let him be alright.  If something happens to him, I will never be able to live with myself.  This is my entire fault.”
“Bingo, angel boy.”  Gabriel lightly slapped his cheek.  “Let’s go!”
“Gabriel this isn’t a movie in which we can have our own happily ever after.  This is real life and his well being is at stake.”
Adam approached Cas and planted a stinging slap on his right cheek.  Dean tried barreling into his psychotic brother but Adam instantly grabbed a rifle and pointed it at him.
Cas held Dean’s right hand.  “Can’t you see the killer is much closer to us?  I can’t shake this feeling that if I return to the scene of the crime, I will find crucial evidence.”
“Yes, I am ok.  I’m so sorry, Dean.”
The blond man offered his hand to Castiel, who hesitantly shook it.  “I am going to take a nap,” Dean said.
Adam was at a crossroads.  He couldn’t afford to stop aiming the weapon against the bodyguard but he needed to until Dean.  His eyes landed on Castiel.  “I will have my trusting rifle pointing at you while I untie him.  And you, baby brother…try something funny and I’ll blow his brains out.”
There had been evidence under the table which showed the deceased canine had vomited all the Belgian chocolates one of the temps on set had brought Dean earlier.  Supposedly a fan had left them for the actor.  Gabriel’s mouth had been watering throughout the day as he thought about biting into the sweet dark Belgian chocolaty goodness.  Alas, his date with the dessert would never be thanks to Crowley having devoured the entire box.
Dean and Castiel stared at each other for a few seconds with identical looks of confusion.  “I am scared to ask what he has planned for us.”  Dean said as he headed to his room.
Eight hours had passed and the nurse still had not made her appearance in the waiting room.  Dean incessantly paced the linoleum floor and Gabe had bitten all of his cuticles.  The two men had discovered that the SUV driver was in a coma.  Fortunately, there had been no casualties as a result of the C-4 explosive detonating.  Castiel managed to save everyone’s life in the area, where the explosion took place.
Gabriel assisted Dean in standing up.  “Are you ok?”
Dean’s eyes widened.  “Ha ha, got ya!  Don’t worry; I will take care of it as if it were a newborn puppy.  I’ll be back in a jiff.”
Their gazes did not leave each other for about thirty seconds.  “There, all done monsieur; you will add this ointment to your back every four hours.  Then change the bandage.”
“Your former boss, Mr. Singer and I go way back.  I need someone to work full time for me.  Well not exactly for me but for my client, Dean Winchester.”
“I will say when we stop!  I am not tired yet.  Jeez, you are worst than Gabriel.”
Cas put his index and third fingers together and curled the others to his palm.  He struck that hand straight forward to Dean’s right eye and stopped the movement about two inches from it.  He repeated the move but this time his hand landed on the hollow of Dean’s throat.  He demonstrated the technique two more times and then had Dean perform the move on him.  He was pleasantly surprised to see Dean was an avid pupil.
“You’re on, Fassbinder!”
Dean’s hands traced every inch of Castiel’s muscled torso.  “I want you so badly, Cas,” Dean huskily whispered into the other man’s ear.
“Good night, Cas.”
Dean started to sing, “And I….will always love you”
Dean ran a hand over the side of his face, which was not either stitched up or swollen.  Fortunately, he only required three stitches on the gash he received on the side of his face courtesy of his whack a doodle sibling.  “We overheard Adam’s defense attorney inform his paralegal to do research on insanity plea.”
Once the grueling film schedule, which took the cast and crew from Madagascar to Denmark and back to the States ended, Dean was bone weary tired.  Obviously Gabe adored the perks of being Dean’s assistant since he got to travel to exotic locations and have one night stands with hot locals.  Let’s not forget he would sample each country’s sweet delicacies.
The door was closed and the ambulance sped down the chaotic street.  Gabriel could not believe tragedy had struck.  For the last couple of days he’d forgotten about Dean’s psycho stalker.  Things had been going fabulously for Dean and Castiel.  It really was not fucking fair if Cas was taken from Dean, when the two of them had just gotten together.
Fortunately, he always slept wearing boxer briefs so he did not have to change any clothing.  He was drenched in sweat because of the fucking nightmare.  He drank a tall glass of cold water, which helped cool his body.  Castiel did not understand why he continued having the same nightmare.  The afternoon of the fiasco, Mrs. Bush had been taken to the hospital.  The doctors had thoroughly examined her and came to the conclusion; she had suffered from heat stroke.  Castiel had never felt so relieved in his entire life.
The shorter man wiggled his eyebrows.  “Open it up, Sammy.”  The giant Scotsman did as told.  Castiel cracked up and winced in pain.
“It is better if one of us shared his bedroom.  That way he will not be alone and placed in a vulnerable position.”
“Thank you so much, Uncle.  I would still be in that stinking cell if it weren’t for you.”
Pasadena, California
Dean approached them and yanked Castiel away from the European thespian.  “Now I know why you never told me you loved me; cos you don’t!”
Castiel gritted his teeth.  “As you wish”
“I saw Cas busting a move with Mr. Sinister.  Damn those two are about to make the sequel to Dirty Dancing on the dance floor,” Gabe said.  Sam chuckled.  Dean threw daggers at them with his eyes.  He gazed at the dance floor and the duo had gotten even closer.
“No problem, my friend.   Here is a glass of water and two aspirins for the Mrs.  Have him take this as soon as he wakes up.”
Dean stood next to the unconscious man.  He ran a hand through his tussled hair.  “Baby, can you hear me?  I know you can.  Please come back to me.  I can’t make it without you.”   Dean cried again.  He managed to compose himself.  “I love you so much.”  He kissed Cas’ forehead before leaving.
Castiel’s sky blue eyes widened.  “I can’t allow you to sacrifice your career over me.”
“Thanks, Deano.  You are such a softie.” Gabe hugged his boss.
“I’ll start packing.”  Cas said as he nervously bit his lower lip.  “Thanks, man.”
Trixie and Castiel shook hands.  “A pleasure to meet you, Castiel”
The actor was unaware that Cas had also taken an appreciative visual inventory of him, as well.  Castiel knew he could not break the main rule and not feel anything towards Dean Winchester.  Gabe put on a black Armani jacket over his red shirt.  “There is no way in hell I am allowing you to go anywhere with wet crazy hair.”  He grabbed Castiel’s hand and led him into the bathroom.
“I served a short army stint at Fort George.  Although the one, who taught me target practice was my brother, Adam.  He is in the Royal Navy, where he flies Sea King Mk.5 helicopters.”
“Nonsense, my birthday boy and run along; we do not want breakfast to get cold.”
“The old monk will complete the scroll, which proves the two of you are married and personally deliver it to the newlyweds tomorrow morning.  He does not want to intrude on your honeymoon night.”
Dean clapped his hands.  “Let’s play Dominoes and Sammy; you are going to get your ass handed to you in a silver platter.”
Two months later…
Castiel visibly tensed.  Gabriel felt the change in the bodyguards’ demeanor as soon as the words left his lips.  He finished placing the bandage on Cas’ back and patted his shoulder lightly, before standing up.  “That won’t be a problem, am I right, Cas old boy?”
“Believe me, you are not the only one, who has missed this,” Dean whispered against Castiel’s flustered ear.  He took his time tracing said ear with his tongue.  Cas’ fingers dug deep into Dean’s shoulders as he kissed and nibbled his neck.  Dean removed Castiel’s boxer briefs and did the same with his own underwear.  They kissed hungrily.
Castiel chuckled and blushed. Dean felt like throwing up his lunch. He was saved by Gabe and Sam, who chose that precise moment to woke up.  They ate the remaining snacks and drank bottled water.  “You will never embarrass me like that in public, Gabe!  How dare you get high and act like the Lone Ranger while you rode your beloved, Silver, over there.”
Dean headed towards them with a goofy grin plastered in his face.  His eyes were red shot due to his intoxicated state.  He wrapped an arm around his agent’s shoulders.  “How’s my favorite agent?”  He burped loudly close to Castiel’s face.
“Are you kidding? You’ve said if yourself, showbiz is a cutthroat industry and you never know when your fifteen minutes are up.  This will be a nice nest egg you will have and will be able to make a nice donation to the Boys & Girls Club.”
“Believe me, you will thank me, when Deano is away filming movies and promoting them.  Now that Whack a Doodle has been apprehended; you will not have to be protecting him 24/7.”
The actor asked how much.  “Your contract will be for four years and you will be paid a total of eight million dollars!”
He entered his room and was not prepared to see Dean packing his clothes.  “Babe, what are you doing?  We don’t leave until Sunday.”
Dean was fuming mad.  He cleared his throat.  The actor plastered a fake smile for his annoying assistant’s benefit.  “Gabriel, please bring over to the terrace the Patron Silver bottle and a shot glass.”
“I don’t like to stick my nose where it doesn’t belong but will in this situation.  You’ve never told Dean you love him?”
“Yes, and this is a .338 Lapua Magnum cartridge, which is used by the military.  The person trying to kill you most likely has a military background.”
This was definitely the sexiest the man had ever looked.  He was dressed completely in black Armani.  His emerald eyes locked with Cas’ sky blue ones as soon as he had re-entered the room.  Castiel began to feel hot all over and discarded the espresso he had been drinking.
Pamela rose and retrieved a silk robe from a nearby seat.  “Sorry sweetie, your services will not be needed any longer.”   She assisted the model in removing the remaining rolls from her curvaceous form.  After the blonde left she returned to the table, where things were getting worse.
“What are friends for, Deano?”  Gabriel’s amber eyes became watery as he patted Dean’s back.  “I’ll be going now but if you need anything don’t hesitate to call.  Will you be alright?  This will be your first time with a man.  Do you need any pointers?”
“Dean and Castiel put together.  You know like Brangelina.  Although according to many of the video’s comments, you two are way hotter than them.”
Castiel kneeled in front of him.  His hands cupped Dean’s face.  “Look at me damn it!”
Castiel came out of his sexual trance and ceased stroking Dean’s cock.  “What’s wrong, Cas?”  Dean moved a few inches away from him.  His pupils were wide. Black soon overtook emerald.
“He regained consciousness for a few minutes and started complaining of chest pain.  One of the ER doctors ordered for a chest x-ray to be done and it revealed he has a punctured lung.”
“It’s not his fault.  Leave him alone!”  Castiel bellowed.
“Of course I can.  I am not a baby!”
The drunken actor pointed a wobbly finger at Pam and Gabe.  “You two are delusional.  Nobody is trying to kill me.  The idiot driver was most likely drunk or high as a fucking kite.  That’s it!”
Castiel’s throat became dry.  He turned to watch Dean’s reaction.  The actor’s emerald eyes landed on the place of birth-Lawrence, Kansas and mother and father’s names:  Mary Campbell and John Winchester.  He was having difficulty breathing.  A minute later he placed the certificate on the old wooden table.  “This can’t be…Adam and Sam are my brothers?”
Cas left the traumatized men for a moment.  He returned with two guns and handed one to Dean.  “Remember I taught you how to use a gun?”  Dean nodded.  “In case Adam returns, don’t be afraid to use it.  I am going after him.”  He kissed Dean gently on the mouth.
Ten more minutes elapsed before something caught Castiel’s attention.  He instructed the expert to rewind the video about fifteen seconds.  “Pause it right there!”  The bodyguard’s adrenaline was pumping as he rose from his seat.  “Please zoom in as much as possible.”
Castiel opened his big blue eyes, which were a tad red rimmed.  He wrapped his arms around Dean’s lean waist and murmured against his neck, “Mine”
She smiled shyly at the actor.  “Oh my God, I can’t believe Cassie Bear went and married a bona-fide movie star.  It is a pleasure to meet you.”
“Good bye and take care.  I’ll say bye to Dean now.”  Castiel smiled before asking the concierge to escort him to the hotel’s security room.
The injured actor was still under the influence of the morphine which was being administered to him intravenously and the pain killers from earlier.  “Can you shut your pie hole for a moment please?! My head is spinning and I am seeing four of you and your bud, Sylvester.  Where did you two rascals leave Tweety?”Gabriel smiled and ignored Dean’s ranting.  He knew the meds had turned him into Oscar the Grouch.
The taxis swiftly arrived at Ile de la Cite, where Notre Dame Cathedral is located at.   A group of Japanese tourists took pictures of the gothic structure.   Pigeons flocked towards an elderly French man, who always came in the afternoons to feed them bread crumbs.  Castiel felt a rush of tranquility overtake him.  He looked at the others and they all also had a relaxed look on them, as well.
Cas had brought with him a sketch pad and drew the nature scenes which surrounded them.  Max read from a Yeats book of poetry. Dean growled and rolled his emerald eyes as he heard Fassbinder recite poetry to Cas.  The smug bastard was a smooth operator he admitted to himself.  Castiel had stopped drawing and gazed at the other man.  He dropped the sketch pad and drawing stencil on the blanket.
This is the first and last time I ever do any type of drug.”  Gabriel resembled a little boy, who was being reprimanded by his father.
“Yeah, babe; I am so sorry.  Mainly because of him you chose law enforcement as a career.”  Dean held Castiel’s hand.
Castiel did not like where this conversation was heading.  “Dean is not like that.  Family means everything to him and he loves me.”
“Don’t stop, Dean.”
Sam was escorted to a holding cell, while the police contacted the Scottish Royal Navy and Castiel called his Uncle Crowley.  Dean and Gabriel had gone two a small café two blocks away from the police station.  The actor ordered chamomile tea for his assistant, who remained skittish since they discovered Samuel for the psycho killer he was.  “Drink the tea while it’s still hot, dude.”  Dean bit his lower lip.  How could they never pick up on any hints, when Sam hung out with them?  He had to give the Sasquatch credit for his excellent acting skills.
“Are you stupid or what, dude?”
Dean ran a nervous hand through his hair.  Maybe it wasn’t such a great idea to have a teenage boy bring over Castiel’s birthday gift.  Samuel walked towards his newly discovered sibling.  “Come on, Dean.  You do not want to miss the look on Cas’ face, when he opens Gabe’s gift.”
“The good thing is we will be heading to Paris in two days for the movie’s European premiere.  We can stay at a hotel until we depart for the European press junket.”
“You don’t seem like the prudish type.”
Once his hearing started returning to normal, Dean tried shrugging Cas from him.  “Baby, you can let go now.”  In a matter of seconds, the street was filled with pandemonium as people ran away from the explosion like headless chickens.  Sirens of approaching emergency vehicles and police approached the scene of the crime.
Dean covered Castiel’s right hand with his and guided it inside his underwear, which was already wet with pre-cum.  Cas’ mouth devoured Dean’s lips with another scorching kiss.  His lust filled mind did not process what was going on yet.  His hand pumped Dean’s hard shaft as the taller man bit his shoulder.  A couple of minutes later, Dean screamed out his bodyguard’s name as he came in Cas’ hand.
“Ugh! You guys are worse than PMSing chicks.  Please shut the hell up!” Adam screamed.
“There, much better; go ahead and I will take it to you in a jiff.”
Castiel and Dean made frantic love the night before the actor caught the flight, which would take him halfway across the world.  The current Sheriff’s Deputy and Hollywood actor were terrified of growing apart and eventually losing each other for good.  For the next six months the two lovers corresponded via texts, phone conversations and web cams.
Barbara Bush was rushed to the local hospital via ambulance.  As George W breezed by Castiel, he glared at him.  “You better pray nothing happens to my mama.”
It was mid-October and the wannabe psycho killer had not made any attempts against Dean’s life.  Things had calmed down on the home front, as well.  Bang You’re Dead had already grossed $600,000,000 worldwide.  Dean was debating whether to take the lead role in an upcoming Quentin Tarantino movie or a pivotal secondary part in Spielberg’s upcoming project.
Adam was growing impatient and stated out loud, “If you do not sign it within the next sixty seconds, I will blow Castiel’s brains out.”
“He worked half a day and is in the stables with Sam and the vet.  Morning Star should give birth tonight.  Her appetite’s been off this week and her teats have been rapidly filling and waxing.”
Dean was having a wonderful time during the bountiful Thanksgiving meal.  He finally felt like he was part of a family.  Rachel and Jimmy had really done a great job of making him feel part of the Novak household.  All of a sudden, Castiel’s cell phone started ringing incessantly.  He discreetly checked to see who the pesky caller was.  His eyes narrowed as soon as he read Robert Singer’s name.  He still had not erased his former boss’ number from his contact list.
“Jimmy will suffice.”
Dean glared at Cas suspiciously.  “You still have not told me who the serious looking dude in the trench coat is.”
Gabriel remained in the guest suite the remainder of the afternoon and evening.  He had prepared a garden salad and tuna casserole for the guys.  For dessert he had made one of Dean’s favorites, cherry pie.   Dinner was uncomfortable to say the least between Dean and Castiel.
Dean finally made his appearance and camera flashes started blinking in frenzy as the reporters tried shoving their microphones in the sexy up and coming actor’s face.  The crowd of approximately two hundred fans sitting anxiously on the bleachers went wild.  Dean waved at them and headed their way.  Gabe and an event bodyguard jogged after him.
“It looks exactly like the one from the movie.  The same green color and if I am not mistaken it has a Roush engine.”   Castiel ran his hands around the vehicle’s smooth and shiny surface.
“Is this a gay thing?”  Dean inquired.
“Two nights ago; listen, son.  I don’t have to tell you how dangerous and deranged this guy is.  I have alerted the FBI about him.  I need you to tell me where you are at.  This way I can notify the local authorities. They can have a patrol car guarding wherever you are staying at starting tomorrow morning.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean mumbled as he headed to his own room.
“For being such an apt pupil I deserve a reward; don’t you agree?”  Dean had no idea where that came from.
“I told them to go spend the night at Sam’s since we are leaving tomorrow.”
Meanwhile, Adam Maclachlan rinsed the bright golden blond dye from his recently shaved head.  He smirked as he ran inventory on his new look.  His hair was no longer brown since he had shaved it earlier this morning.  His hazel eyes were now blue due to contact lenses.  He had grown a goatee, which he had dyed blond, as well.   He no longer resembled his identical twin, Samuel.
“Allow me to change and I will join you.”
“OK I will dodge the bullet this time.  Keep your wanton hands from me at night, boss man.”
Dean discreetly slapped Castiel’s firm derriere before he started his task.  Cas saucily winked at him before disappearing beneath the SUV.  He used the required tools for the explosives sweep and his heart ceased beating.   A C-4 explosive was strapped in the middle of the vehicle.  It was set to detonate in two minutes!  Castiel yelled at everyone to evacuate the area.  As he tried to escape from underneath the SUV, his jacket’s sleeve got stuck.  He tried not to panic.
Castiel fought the urge to roll his eyes. “Hopefully, we will find out soon.  I will see if I can find out where this cartridge was manufactured and bought at.”
The model, whose name was Bela Talbot was a total airhead and Castiel, was afraid she would suck all of Dean’s personality out of him by leaching on to him.  Although to Cas’ ever watchful eyes it sure seemed as if Dean was enjoying all the attention the Brit was giving him.
Gabriel returned to the hospital at one pm that afternoon.  He entered the room and was happy to see his boss was awake and slightly sitting on the bed.  “Oh my God, we came so close to losing you!  The Angel of Thursday was watching over you, Deano.  How are you feeling? Do you want me to fluff your pillows or do you need more water?”  Dean rolled his eyes at Gabe’s mother hen routine.  His assistant placed a large stuffed Sylvester the Cat, which held a sign that read, “I Have Nine Lives” on one of the room’s chairs.
When Sam had placed Dean on the ground, Castiel administered CPR on him.  “Come on Dean, open your beautiful eyes,” Cas whispered in the man’s ear.  The second time he breathed air into the actor’s mouth, Dean’s eyes slightly opened.
Dean wanted to surprise Castiel on the 4th of July.  He had informed Cas that he would be home on the sixth due to a scene which had to be reshot.  Within the last couple of months Dean had a lot of time to reflect on everything transpiring in his life.  He had come up with a perfect solution to his and Castiel’s current dilemma.  He would share it with his husband as soon as they reunited.  As Dean made a right turn that led him to the Novak Ranch, he lovingly gazed at the silver wedding band, which adorned his left ring finger.
Dean chewed his lower lip and visibly relaxed.  He placed his head over Castiel’s chest.  He would never grow tired of hearing his lover, no his husband’s steady heartbeat.  Cas enveloped his arms around him and the two men fell asleep in that position.
The group entered the crowded cathedral, which was not holding mass at the moment.  Both Dean and Max wore dark shades and caps so they would not be recognized.  They all separated, going their own way as they observed and took pictures of the sculptures and stained glass windows which were littered throughout the structure.  Castiel remained by Dean’s side throughout the Notre Dame excursion.
“Hey, don’t cause me any bodily harm.  It’s not my fault your hubby is so damn cuddly.  You guys know my heart has been stolen by a Scottish Sasquatch.”  He rocketed out of the bed in his X-Large Britney Spears shirt.  Dean cringed imagining that was the only thing Gabe wore at the moment.   “I’ll take a quick shower and go downstairs to get us breakfast.  I can’t wait to be in my Sammy’s arms.”
“Did he mention if Adam was in the military?”
Castiel tried turning on the living room’s lights to no avail.  He scanned the area and noticed the stereo system’s alarm clock was off.  When he walked next to the sofa, he immediately noticed a large lump.  He approached it cautiously and saw Gabriel lying there.  He felt for his pulse and thankfully he was alright.  Cas shook the man and did not get a response.  The bodyguard gulped nervously and ran to Dean’s bedroom.
The physician who resembled George Clooney introduced himself as Dr. Gellar.  He chuckled before explaining things to the injured actor’s friends.  “Basically, Mr. Winchester will be out of commission between two to three months due to a sprained ankle, two fractured ribs and a broken upper arm.”
“Excuse me, signora” Dean smiled at her causing the older woman to blush.
Dean turned around and was shocked to hear the words emitted from the bodyguard’s mouth.  “I have to say I agree with what your shirt says, Gabriel.”
He opened the interrogation room’s door for them.  He introduced the Americans to Crowley. The men cordially exchanged handshakes.  Dean sniggered. The room’s other occupants gawked at him.  “I used to have a dog named Crowley.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck.
“Dude, why did you get Cas a penis shaped cake?”
“Nice to meet you, too, Winchester.”
“If that is the case then we shall get the show on the road.  I will switch places with good old Samuel and mourn my beloved newly discovered brother’s untimely demise.  I will inherit everything from you and will live happily ever after.  I plan on buying a chateau in Switzerland. Maybe I will hook up with a hot Swiss Miss.”  Adam winked at his two captives.
Several cackles and giggles were heard throughout the four hundred people, who made up the distinguished assembled guests.   George W chuckled and started his speech all over again from the very beginning.  “Good Friday afternoon, my fellow Americans and distinguished foreign dignitaries.  We are here to inaugurate the addition of the Watergate archives to the Richard Nixon Library.”
The two men headed to the dance floor.  A fast moving mambo song was being played by the band. Dean was shocked to see Castiel was a pro on the dance floor.  His feet and hips were moving to the infectious beat of the music.  His grin turned into a frown as Fassbinder danced closer to Cas and their bodies were only about an inch away from each other.  Dean hated the smug look on the other actor’s face as he placed one of his hands on Castiel’s shoulder.  Of course, Castiel, the smitten teeny bopper smiled at his idol.
She held his hand.  “I don’t want to see you get hurt.  You know I am here for you.”  Anna leaned in closer to him.
Gabriel entered and lifted the trench coat.  “Will you get rid of that thing?  I hate it,” Dean commanded.
“That’s strange.  She would have normally called me.”
Gabriel was the first to spot the German born actor flirting with a busty blond waitress.  “There he is at the corner booth.”  The four men headed towards him.  He stood up and shook hands with all of them.  He left the newlyweds for last and gave the two of them a bear hug.  “Congratulations, you two!  I am so happy you finally got your shit together.”  He slapped Dean’s back.  “What are we waiting for, mates?  Let’s celebrate!”  The sexy blond remained at their side.  She couldn’t believe she was in the presence of two hot actors.  The poor thing was about to spontaneously combust.
“Sam claims to have a twin brother.”
“Why are you smiling at me, Cas?  No offense, but you are giving me the willies.”
Cas looked at Dean.  “You did not have to do that.”
Dean stormed out of the kitchen; slamming the door that led to the terrace.  The short man, who donned tight jogging pants and a Vanity Smurf t-shirt, turned to the bodyguard, who had remained still and silent as a statue throughout Dean’s tantrum.
“You’ve done an awesome job there, Gabe.”
“Mom, don’t get melancholic on me.  I will see you next month.  Love you.”
The EMT was going to give the medical supplies to Castiel but Dean cut in.  “Here, give me the stuff.  I will make sure to change the bandages and clean the wound.”
The model threw her black overcoat at Castiel and breezed into the wardrobe section.  Cas tossed the coat on the floor and headed where the staff had taken Dean.  He appeared, accompanied by the commercial’s director and a Lancôme executive.  Castiel’s throat went dry as soon as he saw his charge.
Dean gently rubbed Gabe’s arm.  “Let’s return to the hotel, Champ.  You need to calm down and take a nap or something.”
The elevator’s door opened.  A crowd had gathered in the hotel’s lobby.  The guests were being led out of the building through the stairs.  The EMT guided Dean and Cas to an ambulance that was parked to the side of the building.  Castiel instructed the man to administer oxygen to Dean first.  Another EMT handed Castiel a t-shirt.  As the bodyguard turned around to put the shirt on, Dean dropped the oxygen mask to the ground.
”Come on give it a try.  How about a two week probationary period and if you are not satisfied you can leave.”
He poured sake into two small ceramic bowls.  His two friends noticed he performed everything gracefully.  “Is this what you have been studying?  Do you want to be a geisha now?”  Dean asked in between chuckles.
“Good night then.”
“Whoa, Deano!  Take it easy with the beer, big guy.”  In typical Dean Winchester fashion, the actor scowled at him and continued emptying out the pitcher.  All of a sudden, it was Cas’ turn to throw a dart and it almost landed on the wall.  The people around them heckled him.  Castiel smirked trying to hide his embarrassment.
After two months of being on location, Dean ordered Gabriel to go to Wyoming, where Sam was assisting Cas in running the ranch.  Since the former bodyguard only had weekends off, he needed all the help he could get running the place. Gabe had been moping twenty four/seven and had gotten on Dean’s last nerves.  He could not blame the poor sap.  He himself missed Castiel terribly and every night fought himself from going to the movie’s producer and telling him he was resigning.  All he wanted was to be with Castiel.  He missed his body’s warmth and sandalwood scent at night, when he laid in bed by himself.
Sam embraced his uncle.  Crowley tapped his upper back.  “I am glad I was able to help, my boy.  Now don’t be a stranger and bring your boyfriend to Scotland.  If I am in a good mood, I might tailor a suit for the lad for free.”
The following morning at ten, Castiel joined Gabe in the kitchen.  The assistant had prepared a fruit salad and three mushroom omelets for them.  “That smells divine, Gabriel.”
“Please jot down Crowley’s number and call him right away.  He will be able to provide the evidence of Adam being my twin.  Besides the birth certificate, there are our baptismal records, as well as family pictures.”
The bodyguard gulped nervously.  Castiel composed himself.  He needed to appear as cool as a cucumber.  He stood by a stool waiting to see what his employer came up with.  “Let’s see what your supposed theory is then, Einstein.”
The bodyguard managed to sit.  He opened his mouth and Dean placed the two aspirins inside.  He even placed the glass of water in Cas’ lips so he could drink.  Once Castiel had swallowed the aspirins, Dean removed the glass from his mouth and placed it on a mahogany bedside table.   “I’m going to get you some coffee, Sam brought for you.”
“Has it ever occurred to you that maybe I was jealous of him because he became the center of attention and I was left on my own?  Even you and Sam were gushing around the guy as if he were the second coming of Christ!”
Gabriel hugged him and kissed his cheek.  “Thank you and I promise to be here first thing in the morning.”    The short man scurried into the bedroom he shared with Dean to change clothes and fetch his toiletries.
All of a sudden, Castiel heard Dean cough.  “What the hell, Cas?”
“One of those metal pieces must have landed on Castiel.”
Castiel cleared his throat.  “That means a lot to me.  I don’t want to sound ignorant but who is this Winchester person and why does he need my services?”
Dean tried to see what Cas had observed.  All he saw was the SUV being zoomed in.  All of a sudden, his eyes widened in shock as a tall figure clothed in black jeans, turtle neck and combat boots emerged fluidly like a lethal panther from underneath the SUV.  The camera captured the psycho killer!  When the expert zoomed in more, the figure’s face was in clear focus.
“I’ll take a taxi and follow you guys.  He is going to pull through, Dean.  We know he is a tough son of a bitch.”
Dean actually felt all mushy inside hearing those words. He knew Cas would take a bullet for him.  Damn if he did not feel like Whitney Houston!  Cas continued, “I can never get romantically involved with someone I am protecting.”
“If he dies…it will be my fault.  He was covering me…keeping me from harm, when the fucking shrapnel was projected on to him.  I swear if I ever come face to face with the maniac, who did this, I will rip his throat out!”
Gabriel was relieved to see the two of them getting back to normal.  “Now it is time for the tea ceremony,” he whispered at the elderly musician.  The man ceased playing the pan flute.
Gabriel rolled his eyes at the stubborn bodyguard.  “It is a symbolic ceremony which takes place between two people who want to declare their love to one another.”
Cas rolled his eyes again.  At the rate he was going, he was shocked his eyes had not stayed stuck during one of the many rolls he had given tonight.   The waitress reappeared once again at their table and told the assembled group to follow her.  Within five minutes, the Americans had settled in the karaoke box, which was a vast room that had two large sofas, a 70” LCD screen on the wall, karaoke system and four microphones.
“Good Saturday afternoon, my fellow Americans…”
The actor excused himself and went to his room to call Pam.  He got quite an earful, when she answered.   He explained to her everything, starting with the tea ceremony in Japan.  After hearing what he had to say, she calmed down and started brainstorming how to get Dean out of this mess.    “I’ll see you when you get back, kid.”
“I don’t know.  I have never worked with anyone involved in the entertainment industry.”
The traumatic ordeal of Dean’s accident kept replaying in the assistant’s mind and Gabe became scared.  It was obvious the maniac driving the SUV, which ran Dean over did it intentionally.  The police had stated they suspected it was a drunk driver but Gabe did not believe the theory for a minute.  What he briefly recalled was the SUV being parked close by and when Dean was crossing the street, the driver left the parking spot and sped up at the exact moment his boss was walking across the street.  Once the driver made sure poor Dean was down, he or she sped away.
Castiel gulped nervously.  “I just accepted a job offer to be the Sheriff in Park County, Wyoming.  That is where the ranch is and I wanted us to live there.  They are not even holding elections for me to be voted in as sheriff.  That hardly ever happens. ”
Dean gritted his teeth.  What a fucking show off!  Fassbinder knew his arms would impress the smitten bodyguard whenever they rowed the small boat’s oars. Two can play the game.  Dean removed his shirt.  “All this rowing is making me sweat like a pig!”
Three hours later, a fuming Castiel treaded continually in their new suite’s living room carpet.  “The bastard is craftier than I gave him credit for!”
“Then he did tell us the truth.  The detective in charge of the case is contacting the Royal Navy as we speak.  If he can prove that Adam Maclachlan served with them and his Uncle Crowley comes through for him; his charges will be dropped and he will be released.”
“Actually it’s my eye. I think when you performed the striking eye technique you might have poked it.  It has started to burn.  Can you see if it is turning red?”
Dean cleared his throat.  “I guess the sushi might not have agreed with me.  Let’s say good-bye to everyone and head back to the hotel.  I am wiped.”  Cas stared at him in a disbelieving manner.
Castiel avoided looking into Gabriel’s eyes.  He retrieved paper towels and carefully dried the orange juice from the tiles.  Gabe did the same but instead used a sponge to dry the refrigerator.  The two men cleaned and discarded the pieces of shattered glass in amicable silence.  Gabriel hummed the Scissor Sisters’ “Filthy Gorgeous” to cut some of the tension that remained in the room.
“Bitch”
Castiel’s nostrils flared as he poured a generous amount of the red wine into his glass.  Gabriel rose and watched in fascination as his friend approached the bitch.  All of a sudden, Cas threw the contents of the wine glass on the infuriating model’s miniscule dress.   Bela gasped.  “You drunk son of a bitch; who the fuck do you think you are?!”
Cas gazed at the floor tiles.  “Actually, it’s my resignation letter.  I am giving you my two weeks’ notice.”
Castiel rose to his height of 5’11 and shook his head.  “Great!  Well, see ya early tomorrow morning.  We have to be at LAX by eight thirty.”
Castiel followed them and was not shocked to see Yuriko lead Dean to the men’s’ bathroom.  He tried opening the door but it was locked.  “Why me?”
Dean appeared looking sheepishly at his lady friend.  “Hey baby!  Thanks for showing up on such short notice.”  He grabbed her curvaceous hips and kissed her hard on the mouth.  Castiel winced.  Who knew how many men had plowed that field.
Sam reluctantly placed Gabriel on the ground.  The Sasquatch pouted.  Gabe held his hand as they entered the waiting taxi.  Luckily, another taxi came and the other three men hopped on that one.  Samuel’s 6’ 4 frame took a lot of space within the cab.
Ten years ago, a twenty three year old Dean Winchester hopped on a Greyhound bus from Lawrence, Kansas to Los Angeles.   As a child he bounced from one foster home to another but he remained in the same schools.  He had fallen in love with acting in his freshman year of high school, where he played the part of Nathan Detroit in Guys & Dolls.
After the assistant’s face tone was back to normal and his voice was no longer raspy, the two supposed newlyweds started grilling him.  “Whoa!  Hold on a moment, I feel like a Kenny Roger’s rotisserie chicken.  Geez!  This is the thanks I get after going through all of this trouble in getting you two dumb asses hitched?”
Sam held his brother’s elbow.   “Come on laddie, you have had too much to drink.”
“Aren’t you a brave little soldier?”  Adam shoved Dean on the floor and kicked his ribs four times in a row.  He became more furious, when his brother remained silent.  He grabbed Dean’s hair and placed the knife on his neck once more.
“Dude, help me fetch a cab.  Gabriel will clue you in later.  He is paying the bill.”
Castiel gave a half smile and said, “What are we waiting for?”
Dean remained silent.  He couldn’t believe Cas was finally telling him how he truly felt about him.  It was about damn time!  “You don’t believe me.  Here, let me show you.”  He went to his carry on and retrieved a small rectangular box.
Dean wanted to cheer upon hearing those words.  There was still one more question that had been nagging him since the Paris trip.  “Please tell me the truth, Cas.  Did you fuck him?”
“TMI, big brother!”
“He only told me he had a brother named Adam, who he was attached at the hip with all of their childhood but he became distant in early adolescence.  When Sam confessed to him he was gay, Adam stopped talking to him.”
He placed his carry-on bag and sole suitcase by the living room entrance.  The cozy house had dark hardwood floors and the living room was accentuated by floor to ceiling windows, which allowed an abundance of light to illuminate the inside.  Pam went on to give him a tour of every single room of the house.
Dean thought Cas would stop sucking him off upon hearing those words but he did the complete opposite.  When Dean came, he swallowed the tangy warm cum.  The bodyguard finally rose.  His bright blue eyes bore into Dean’s emerald ones.  The blond man embraced the dark haired one.  They kissed hard before exiting the shower.
“I am so sorry, Mr. President,” Castiel murmured.  He felt like shit at the moment.  How could he live with himself if he was responsible for the death of an elderly woman?
“Come over here, babe.”
“Sure”
Castiel nodded.  “After the miscarriage, we decided to call off the wedding.  Afterwards, we went our separate ways but have remained in contact throughout the years.  Anna will always hold a special place in my heart.  Of course not like you, Dean.  She is part of my past.  I needed you to know this since she will probably pay us a visit while we are there.”
Castiel chuckled and kissed Dean’s nose.  “Don’t worry, I’ll be the bottom for now.  I don’t mind at all.”
Adam howled in pain as he grabbed her throbbing knee.  Castiel apprehended the rifle as soon as Dean’s sibling almost hit the floor.  The excruciating pain and blood oozing from Adam’s nose did not deter the madman from punching Dean in the stomach.  The two men wrestled to the ground.
“Yes, my dear Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston.  The two of you just got hitched.”
His bodyguard whispered, “They ingested pot laced brownies.”
“God no; I really want to.  It’s just that…dude, you are huge.”
Half an hour later, an unkempt looking Sam was escorted by the head detective to the precinct’s information booth.  Gabriel ran towards him and wrapped his legs around his lover’s waist.  He kissed him hard on the mouth as his arms encircled his neck.  “Sammy, I knew you were innocent!”
“OK, brother let’s get you home.  You are in dire need of a cold shower and a kettle of hot black coffee.”  Sam helped his baby brother sit in the Impala’s backseat and buckled him in.  Gabriel drove while the Sasquatch sat in the back of the car with Dean.
Dean’s face was as red as a cherry tomato.  Castiel cupped his chin.  “Hey look at me.”  He waited until Dean gazed into his eyes.  “You never have to be embarrassed with me.  I completely understand.”
“Nothing!  Fetch me a bottle of Patron Silver and take it to the terrace.”  Dean ordered his assistant.
Dean fidgeted in his seat.  “OK, we are all ears, babe, spill it out already.”
Castiel had already left to his room.  Winchester was one bull headed bastard.  He will need tons of patience with this assignment.  Three minutes later he rejoined the two men in the kitchen.  “Took you long enough; I thought you were shaving your legs,” Dean mumbled as he was heading out the door.
“Yeah, I guess you are right.  Thanks, dude.”
Dean cleared his throat.  Gabriel returned his attention to his employer.  He noticed the handsome actor seemed flushed.  “I don’t know how to make Cas distress a little.  We are not due at his mom’s house for Thanksgiving until next week.”
Castiel’s brows rose half an inch.  He had no idea who the hell Dean Winchester was.  “Singer actually recommended me?”
“Got it!”  Dean exclaimed triumphantly.
Half an hour later the quartet arrived at Chez Winchester.  Dean caught Sam’s arm for a moment.  He rubbed the back of his neck for a few seconds.  “Dude, this is your home now. So stay as long as you want.  I know it must be hard for you leaving Europe behind…and all that shit.”
Gabriel shoved her gently on the shoulder.  “I bet you an entire case of Blow Pops you have no fucking idea where the humerus is, Madame Curie.”
The actor and his bodyguard rolled around the mat devouring each other’s mouths, as Dean cupped Cas’ hard ass.  Castiel bit Dean’s lower lip causing the actor to moan.  The two men froze upon hearing Gabe ask, “What the fuck is going on here?”
Castiel gently donned the shirt once again.  The truth was the damn burn was bothering him.  Before he returned inside the hotel, Cas turned to Dean.  “I’m so sorry for what happened.”
Gabe was proud of his friend.  Dean was acting very mature even though he knew the poor kid was dying inside.  Castiel headed to his own bedroom.  The wounded look in Dean’s usually vibrant eyes when he told Cas that he would be free to return to the man he loved almost killed him.  The bodyguard hated lying to the people he cared for.  Castiel sat on the floor.  He placed his head on his knees.  His eyes became misty as a tear slid down his right cheek.  Cas had not cried since he was a teenager.  He better apprehend the crazy stalker as soon as possible.  He did not want to cause Dean anymore heartache.
Castiel and Dean agreed to be taken to the nearest hospital.  The bodyguard instructed the ambulance driver to take Pam first.  He and Dean would wait.  They needed to see Adam’s bagged body be rolled into a coroner’s vehicle. The motherfucker seemed to have nine lives.
“I was about to kick the door in, Dean.  What the hell were you doing in there for so long?”  As Dean was about to enter, three short Japanese businessmen pushed him aside and entered the bathroom.
This certainly was not the way Pamela imagined introducing Dean to his bodyguard.  Gabriel, who had only drunk one sake cup, was the only sober one amongst the quartet.  He stood up and walked over to them.  “Hey Pam, I’m sorry he’s wasted.  He kept insisting on celebrating his cast coming off this morning.”
“Be careful, Cas.  I can’t lose you.”
Crowley rolled his light brown eyes.  The detective could not help himself in comparing the Scotsman to a well-dressed toad.  Uncle Crowley retrieved a picture album and a faded manila envelope, which smelled like mothballs from his satchel.  “Here you go lad; Adam’s and Samuel’s birth and baptism certificates.  I also brought my late sister’s family album.”  Crowley’s eyes became watery.  Ellen had always been his favorite sister.  When she lost her courageous battle to breast cancer, he lost a part of himself.  He promised to keep an eye on her boys, when she was on her deathbed and look at the shitty job he had done.  Sam had turned out to be a great man but Adam was a completely different story.  Ever since Ellen became ill, the boy became bitter and lashed out at the world.
“It wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be.  I am glad I helped you unwind.”
“Excuse me?”
As he sat next to Dean inside the theatre, Castiel was impressed with the man’s acting chops.  He had expected the movie to be a generic popcorn summer action movie, but it had a decent storyline and good acting.  It had a Casino Royale vibe and that was one of Castiel’s all time favorite films.
“Yeah, bye”
All of a sudden, Castiel turned his head and opened his bright blue eyes.  Dean could drown in the ocean they created every time he gazed at them.  He nervously licked his lips.  Castiel surprised the hell out of him by cupping his face and leaning closer.  Dean gulped nervously.
“Are you serious?  She kissed me!  I did not initiate the kiss.  Wait a minute…where you spying on us?”
“Geez, what has gotten your briefs in a bunch?”
His assistant laughed.  “No, you sick bastard.  Blechkuchen are German cakes.”
Everyone celebrated Dean’s homecoming at the 4th of July BBQ Gabe had organized.  Sam had heartily embraced his younger brother.  They caught up before dinner.  Dean was proud of his brother’s new found success as an underwear model.  Every two to three months, Sam would fly to New York for photo shoots. His first big ad had already started appearing in magazines such as GQ and Esquire just to name a few. He and Gabe were happier than ever.  They planned on exchanging vows at the ranch for Gabe’s birthday, which was just around the corner.
“Why the fuck were you stringing me along?  You two are sick bastards!”  She slapped Dean hard, raking her nails across a chiseled cheek.  Castiel grabbed her upper arm roughly.  The furious model slapped him, as well.  Gabriel held on to Cas, who looked as if he was going to pounce on the ninety pound model.   Bela fetched her Gucci purse and flew out of the eating establishment.
Castiel swiftly observed the type of discharge Adam had from the military.  “It states here he was dishonorably discharged from the navy.  Did they give you the reason why?”
“I am not going anywhere, babe.”
Adam was staying at a flea bag motel in Los Angeles.  He was waiting for Dean and his posse to return to the States.  Most likely this would be the first city they would stay at.  Adam cursed the day Castiel Novak was born.  If that crafty bastard had not accepted the job as a bodyguard, he was sure Dean Winchester would be six feet under by now.  Regardless, he will get rid of the two of them soon.  Adam turned on the ancient TV set and maniacally cackled as the first thing to appear on the screen was an old interview Dean had given to a show called, Access Hollywood.  He fetched his silencer from a duffel bag and shot the screen.
Upon their arrival, the trio was escorted into a room, which had video equipment.  A video specialist was present to help with the footage.  Castiel had to convince the police sergeant in charge of the explosion investigation to allow Dean and Gabe to enter the video room with him.  The Italian relented after hearing about the attempts against Dean’s life.
“When will he go in for surgery?”
Castiel managed to remove his adoring gaze from Max and stared at Dean with an incredulous look on his face.  “Aw yeah, I grew up reading X-Men comics and Mr. Sinister was always my favorite villain.”  He returned his full attention to Fassbinder once again.  “You interpreted Sinister brilliantly; just as I always pictured him, when I read the comics.”
“You would never be able to function without little old me, you big baby,” an exasperated Gabriel Jenner grunted at his boss, soap actor turned action movie star, Dean Winchester.  For the last five minutes the two men had practically been wrestling; fighting over which leather jacket Dean would wear to this evening’s movie premiere.   Miraculously, the two combatants had settled on a sleek black Armani leather jacket.  It fit like a glove over Dean’s muscular arms and broad shoulders.
Gabe removed the lasagna container and placed it on the counter.  He removed the aluminum foil from the top and inhaled the mouthwatering Italian dish.  All of a sudden, he felt as if someone was in the room with him.  The person did not give him a chance to turn around, because he or she covered his face with a cloth drenched in chloroform.  Gabriel tried to elbow the intruder but within seconds he  passed out.
“Just as long as you don’t pull a stupid stunt like this; it will be forgotten.  Don’t you go corrupting Gabriel!  He is one of the most decent guys I know.”
Adam gave Dean’s hair one final hard tug and kicked him on his lower back.  Castiel yelled, “It’s not his fault, asshole!”
The following morning he sat in his boss’ office hearing the man scream lividly at him.  The stupid assignment should not have been Cas’ in the first place.  President Obama was vacationing in Hawaii with his family and only two secret service agents had been assigned to keep the First Family safe.  Castiel’s boss, Robert Singer had assigned him to Bush detail for the weekend.   The reason being one of the original agents had an emergency appendectomy the evening prior to the ceremony.
An hour later the movie came to a satisfying conclusion and received a two minute standing ovation.  Bruckheimer and Bay both shook hands with Dean.  “Congrats kid.  You have arrived,” Bay said as he hugged the new action hero.   Dean, who was still not used to receiving accolades from people in high places, actually blushed.
A bewildered Sam bumped into her outside.  “Excuse me, lass.”
Gabriel instructed Dean to rotate the bowl and drink three sips.  The actor sips three times from the hot tea bowl.  He realizes it does not taste bad.  “Good, now wipe the rim and rotate it to its original position.”
Dean and Cas shared a glance.  How could they say no to the guy, who reminded them of a three year old scared of sleeping alone in his room because he believed a monster dwelled in his closet?
Their mutual erections grinded against each other as the two lovers kissed passionately.  “Do you have protection?”  Cas asked Dean in between kisses.
“I shudder to think whatever you called Fassbinder means.”
Dean turned to Castiel, who had just descended the Impala and gently closed the door.  He gulped hard when his gaze landed on the man’s clear blue eyes.   He had never seen any like them.  Dean nervously touched the back of his neck.  “Man, I’m sorry for the shitty way I’ve treated you.  Thanks for coming all the way here to help me and stuff.”  He offered his hand to the bodyguard.
“Yep, the darling was fired from the miniscule role he had in the Bond film and he confessed acting is not his thing.  I called Pamela, when we got to LA and she says she might help him get a modeling gig.”
Dean entered one of the pristine stalls and closed the door.  As he started picturing a shirtless Cas stroking himself over his black jeans, an erection finally made its appearance.  Dean was hard as a rock in no time.  He imagined himself kneeling in front of Castiel, unbuttoning the black denim.  Castiel’s lean and long fingers grabbing on to his dark blond hair.  Dean stroked his engorged cock as he pictured himself giving imaginary Cas a blow job.  He thrust frantically into his own hand as Cas panted.  His warm cum splattered into his hand and drenched a part of the stall’s wall.  Dean had been biting his lips as he climaxed.
Dean cursed inwardly as Lil Dean did not come up to salute.  This had never happened to him before.  At least not before he started developing feelings for fraking Cas!  Yuriko rubbed his cock but the bastard had a mind of its own.  The waitress pouted, when she did not get any response from Dean’s dick.  The actor let her go.
Gabe thought his boss was one of the hottest men in the world with his dirty blond locks, which he always sported really short, golden skin, hazel eyes, which tended to be emerald most of the time, and tall muscular build.  The man was hot but had a huge heart and that made him more beautiful than he already was.  Gabriel took his job seriously so he would play around with Dean but never crossed the line.
Samuel broke the hug and playfully ruffled his younger brother’s hair.  “Let me go help Gabriel unpack.”
“Dean…Gabe!  Are you guys in here?”  If something horrible happened to Dean, Castiel would never forgive himself.
She led him to the elevator and pressed number three.  Dean’s body was shaking.  He was frightened to see his lover near death.  The nurse escorted him into ICU, which currently had four patients, including Cas.   Dean bit his lower lip as he approached Castiel’s bed.  It was the last one next to the white wall.  He had never seen Castiel look so pale and fragile.  He was on a ventilator.
Gabriel entered the kitchen to the sight of an orange juice puddle interspersed with glass shards on the formerly pristine marble tiles.  “What the fuck happened here?”
“I won’t take long; so if you can wait Cas, you can shower in my bathroom.”
“Dean, you have given me so much,” Cas whispered in his ear as his lover led him out of the house.  Castiel’s eyes practically bulged out and his knees almost gave in.
“You will have time during your time in Australia to think things over.  I need to take this job.  You know I can no longer work as your bodyguard and law enforcement has always been in my blood.  Please understand, baby.”
They kissed passionately for a while.  Dean stopped and stared at Cas’ swollen, red lips.  Damn! The man looked hot as hell.  He trailed hot and wet kisses down Castiel’s toned torso.  His tongue licked the bottom outer part of his lover’s belly button.  Cas was shocked, when he felt Dean’s mouth continue its destination down south.  He placed a hand on Dean’s head.  “You don’t have to.”
Dean plopped himself down on the mattress.  “Why do you care?”
“Don’t just stand there Gabe!  Cut the damn thing and let’s eat!”
Two policemen escorted the three of them to the new hotel they were going to stay at for the next three days.  Gabe had already made the plane reservations for their return trip home.  Sam did not accompany them since he had to film a scene that day.  Once Dean made sure Castiel remained sleeping in their room, he went to Gabriel’s chamber.
Dean’s eyes widened.  “Wait a minute; don’t tell me you are having second thoughts about this, too.  What more evidence do you guys want for fuck’s sake?!”  Castiel and Gabriel remained silent.  “I am glad the crazy mother fucker has been apprehended.  Now I can sleep in peace at night not worrying whether he’s going to stab or suffocate me in my sleep.”
“I will never acknowledge this farce,” Castiel mumbled as he exited the tea room.
“I know you love Dean immensely.  Perhaps you should make an exception this time.  If not you will lose him.”
“I almost lost you, Cas.  I don’t think I can go on without you.”  He rolled his eyes.  “You’ve turned me into an ovulating chick.”
Shut up and get us a cab.  I don’t want to go home in the Hummer.”
Castiel had a light supper and a warm shower afterwards.  When he returned to his and Dean’s bedroom, the bodyguard was surprised to find his lover lighting a few candles.  The Best of Al Green was heard from the SONY CD player.  Dean smiled.  “Are you feeling better, babe?”
Cas was not impressed at what he was witnessing.  Winchester better not be an alcoholic or worst a habitual drug user.  If that was the case the man should be shipped to rehab, where he would be safe from his would-be killer.
The next four hours were tedious and agonizing for Castiel.  He had been clenching his teeth the entire time.  The willowy model would plaster herself to Dean whenever they were not filming.  Cas had never wanted to grab someone by the hair and sweep the floor with them in his entire life!
“At least I have some great news.  Pam, who still blames herself for Adam ending up here, accompanied him to Elite Model Management.  She believes my Sammy has a bright future as an underwear model.”  Gabe smirked imagining his boyfriend’s hot bod plastered in billboards all over the country.”
Castiel was startled as he saw the actor’s eyes get watery.  Shit!  Dean was more invested in them than he ever imagined.  The bodyguard inhaled a deep breath.  “No, we did fool around but we never got to having sex.”
He covered his forest green eyes with shades since the sunlight was not helping his hangover headache.  Dean did not wait for the wannabe Kevin Costner and jogged past him.  Castiel rolled his cerulean orbs beneath aviator glasses.  He joined his client at a leisurely pace.
Two hours later, Dean and Castiel sat in the tail end section of a Boeing 787.  The flight was mostly empty.  Gabe sat in the row in front of them.  He was snoring away.  Cas sat on the aisle seat and Dean by the window.   The bodyguard had instructed the flight attendants not to disturb them during the long flight.
Castiel chuckled.  “Don’t tell me you are going to use Sam as a model to create your own romance novel cover art.”
The quartet arrived at Dillon’s Bar & Grill located in Hollywood Boulevard.  Dean admitted to himself Fassbinder picked a good place to hang out at.  The waitresses donned tight white polo shirts and short plaid skirts.  Just cuz he was in a monogamous relationship with Cas didn’t mean his eyes could not appreciate nature’s gifts.
Dean giggled.  “Before meeting you I never giggled and took part of so many chick flick moments, Castiel Novak…and I would never change it for anything.”
Adam yanked the top of Dean’s hair and hissed, “I know you will, because if you don’t I will torture your partner and believe me I will take my time doing it.”
Castiel nodded enthusiastically.  “Let me go first, Cas.  Pack your bags cuz we are going to be living in Australia for the next six months.  I got the lead in JJ Abrams latest film!”
“Why don’t you join us for dinner this evening, Crowley?  We can all get to know each other better,” Gabe suggested.
“No!”  Castiel exclaimed as he woke up from the reoccurring nightmare.  He sat on the full size bed and placed a shaking hand over his heart that felt as if he was suffering from tachycardia.  It was beating majorly fast.  The former Secret Service agent rose from the mattress in his small studio apartment in Georgetown.  The lease was not over until next month so Cas decided to remain living there for the time being.
He headed to the bathroom to take a cold shower because he was still hard as a block of cement.  “Good night, Cas.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
Cas was not much of a drinker but as soon as the waiter poured vintage Chardonnay on his glass, he gulped it all down.  He swiftly filled the glass again and asked the waiter for another bottle.  Dean could not help and notice how Cas was drinking up all the wine.
The wake up alarm went off at nine am.  Dean was the first one to unwillingly wake up.  He stretched his arms while he yawned quite loudly.  He turned around and could not believe his eyes.  Gabriel was spooning Castiel.  That should be him after a hot and heavy sex marathon with his partner.  He shook Gabriel a bit rough.  “Dude, get the hell up!  Order us breakfast so we can head to the police station.”
A frantic Pamela had been calling Dean like crazy.  Her assistant, Andy had woken her up the following morning at seven am telling her to go to TMZ and see Dean and Cas’ Italian Adventure video.  The agent almost hyperventilated when her eyes witnessed the video of Castiel blurting out that he and Dean were married.  Everything had been caught by a cellphone camera, from the bodyguard’s stunning announcement to the slaps the model gave the two idiots.
He guessed his ten minutes were up because Castiel started knocking outside the bathroom’s door again.  “Dean, you are worrying me and there is a line forming out here!”
“Have a seat, Mr. Maclachlan.  Did you bring the documents we asked for?”
Gabriel chose that precise moment to return with the coffee.  He dropped the cups of espresso on the linoleum after his eyes landed on the monitor.  His eyes got watery.  “God please, no.  Sammy?”
“Yeah, but this is a radical change for me.”
For the next few hours a variety of different tests were performed on Castiel.   His assigned physician stopped by and congratulated the bodyguard on a speedy recovery.  Although he informed the two Americans, Cas was to remain in the hospital for an additional four days.  He wanted to make sure he was well enough to continue his regular routine.  Once the doctor exited the room, Castiel tried rising from the bed.
“I have apologized over a dozen times already.  Who the hell drinks alcohol at an inauguration anyways?  Anyone could have mistaken his actions.  I did my job and protected George W in a situation which could have turned deadly.”
He jumped out of bed and turned on one of the room’s lamps.  Dean scurried in his walk-in closet searching for the latest issue of Busty Asian Beauties.  Eureka!  He found it.  He made himself comfortable in the king size bed.  He lubed his aching cock and perused the magazine’s nude babes.  There was one in particular who had a cupid’s mouth that got his full attention.
“Why can’t you tell us now?” Gabe asked.
Gabe turned to his boss.  “Are you going to fire me now?”
“Don’t worry boss, I will keep your secret,” Gabe said as he wiggled his eyebrows.
“All in good time,” Dean stated as he opened the main door for them.
Castiel sat in the center of the mattress with Dean sitting behind him.  Dean’s large hands covered his tense shoulders.  Cas closed his eyes as Dean kneaded his upper back.  “You are so tense,” Dean whispered in his ear.   He leisurely traced the outer shell with his tongue.  Castiel gasped as Dean’s teeth bit his sensitive earlobe.  In no time, Dean laid Cas on the bed and his body covered the shorter man’s.
Dean brushed his teeth ferociously.   Afterwards, he pissed and washed his hands before heading to bed.  He became furious as he lied in bed with his hands folded behind his head.  Whenever he closed his damn eyes Dean would picture Cas’ buff glistening nude form.  OK I am so not gay!  Oh hell no!  The actor was horrified to be sporting wood.
She hung up and grinned at Castiel.  “I hope you like sushi.”
“Yes, has he ever spoken to you about him?”  Castiel inquired.
Once they settled their bags in the front parlor, a woman, who had to be Castiel and Jimmy’s mom came in from the kitchen.  She had blonde hair as opposed to her kids’ dark locks.  The trio did share the exact large clear blue eyes.
He had no time to memorize the fucking tag!  The short man’s main priority was to check his boss/friend’s wellbeing.  The taxi driver wasted no time in calling 911.  When Gabriel knelt down to Dean, he felt for his pulse, which was weak.   He swallowed hard upon seeing the left side of Dean’s handsome face swollen and bloody.  “Come on Deano, open those gorgeous emeralds.”    The police and ambulance arrived less than five minutes later and the actor remained unresponsive to his surroundings.
Gabriel ran his hands through his disheveled hair.  “I believe him, Deano.  Something inside me is screaming that he is not guilty of any of this.”
“Dean, you have to do exactly what I tell you.”  He could barely see his charge nod his head.  “Good.  You are going to crawl your way out of the suite.  Just head to the path which leads outside that is not in flames yet.”
Two hours later, Dean Winchester stood in the middle of Children’s Hospital cancer ward, surrounded by ecstatic kids, who ranged from the ages of four to eleven.  Their little faces were illuminated with so much happiness as the actor handed each of them a toy.  Afterwards, they all sat in a circle and listened to Dean read the Doctor Zeus classic to them.  All of them laughed loudly as he changed his voice throughout the story.
Castiel gave Singer his mother’s address.  “Thanks for everything, sir.”
Cas unlocked the weapon and aimed it to shoot Adam.  The psychopath surprised him by jumping on the mattress.  Castiel started shooting.  Adam landed on top of him.  The two men wrestled for possession of the gun.  Adam banged Castiel’s hand on the floor causing the weapon to slide away from his hold.  The taller man punched the bodyguard.
Dean smelled a familiar perfume and noticed a much shorter silhouette lying by the door’s entrance, besides his deranged brother.  Castiel observed the innocent player in their macabre tale, as well.  “Why did you bring her here, Adam?  She better be alive!”
“My agent actually got me a commercial for an energy drink, which starts shooting next week.  After that I was thinking about joining you in LA.  That is if you will have me?”
“No problem, Winchester.  I know we all have our pride.”  He shook Dean’s hand.
When Dean was showering all he could think of was what his bodyguard and the other thespian were doing in the shower.  He knew it wasn’t any of his damn business but couldn’t stop himself from imagining all sort of decadent acts the two men could be doing.  Dean took a quick hot shower.  After he dried and clothed himself, Dean headed to the living room.  He was disappointed to see Castiel had not returned yet.
“We are?  I want to get to know Anna,” Gabriel pouted.
Cas’ scowl swiftly turned into a megawatt smile.  “I am now.”  His gaze raked over Dean’s seminude form.  The only article of clothing on the blond man’s body was a pair of skin tight grey boxer briefs.  Dean held his hands and led him to the king size bed.
“Aye, sir,” Gabe said as he actually saluted his boss.
After settling in and placing his faithful gun beneath his pillow, Castiel heard raucous laughter being emitted from Dean’s bedchamber.   This was quickly followed by Trixie moaning loudly and screaming Dean’s name.  Castiel rolled his eyes.  Unfortunately, he had to keep his door slightly ajar since he had to be ready in case the psycho killer made an impromptu appearance.  Five minutes later, the blonde floozy’s moans came to a halt.  Castiel thanked God for small favors as he closed his eyes.
Dean and Adam were unaware Castiel was almost done untying the chafing rope from his wrists.  Adam was in a chatty and sharing mood.
“Sorry”
“There you go, mate!  After a couple of tries, you will give Samuel and me a run for our money.”
Gabriel beamed.  “Ooh, we are going to visit Children’s Hospital!  Dean is going to visit the cancer ward and present the patients with gifts.  He is even going to read Green Eggs and Ham to the little tykes.”
Meanwhile, Castiel finished an important phone conversation, when Dean entered the rec room.  A beaming smile adorned his face when he hung up.  “It seems like you have received wonderful news just like me, babe.”
Castiel unzipped the damn jacket and removed himself from it.  Forty five seconds were left for the explosive to go off.  Dean pulled him from underneath the SUV.  The two of them ran across the street and yelled for everyone to get down.  Castiel instinctively covered Dean’s body with his.  The SUV exploded causing the entire block to tremble.
Gabe did the honors and even waved a napkin to start the race.  Castiel rolled his eyes at the two actors’ immaturity.  He held on to the sides of the small craft as Max rowed as quickly as possible.  Dean was rowing like crazy, splashing water all around his boat.
Gabe nodded.  “For the first time in my entire life”
“Why are you laughing maniacally, Dean?  I am serious,” Cas stated as he handed Dean the sealed envelope.  Dean did not reach out for it, so Castiel placed it on the countertop.
Castiel gazed dreamily at the man for a few seconds.  Sam and Gabe laughed.  Dean turned his gaze to a kid, who was about half a block’s distance from them flying a red and blue kite.  The remainder of the picnic was torture for Dean.  Sam and Gabe would feed each other incessantly.
“She was probably the only one, who jumped when he called at the last moment.  He is in denial big time.”
An hour later, Dean knocked on the rec room’s door.  “When the two of you are done doing whatever it is you are doing in there; Sam owes me a Halo 2 rematch.”
Twenty five minutes later the black Hummer limo they were in halted in front of Mann’s Chinese Theatre, which was holding the premiere of Bang You Are Dead, Dean’s first starring vehicle.   A valet attendant opened the door for the two men to descend the vehicle.  Gabe was the first to exit the Hummer and the surrounding paparazzi and press groaned in disappointment, when they observed him.  The 5’7 man flipped them the bird and made space for his boss.
Cas’ bright blue eyes burned with unshed tears.  He yelled in a hoarse voice, “How many times am I going to say I’m sorry!”
“Love you, too, Sammy boy.  I hope Adam is apprehended before he causes anymore harm.  My poor sister must be rolling in her grave.”  He turned and said good-bye to the three other men.
Dean obnoxiously harangued Castiel to bribe the concierge for an extra room, but the entire hotel was completely booked.  There was a wine and food tasting festival being held that weekend; so many tourists from around the world had bombarded the City of Lights.  The bodyguard and his charge discovered upon being led to the suite that both chambers had one king size bed each.
(See the end of the chapter for
Crowley chuckled.  “I am glad Sammy has a brother, who will not condemn him for his lifestyle.  He was devastated after Adam tossed him aside.”
Half an hour later, an exhausted Pam fell asleep.  Chad rolled his blue eyes.  It’s about time the slut fell asleep.  He kissed the tip of her nose.  He admitted to himself the woman was a tigress in bed.  He wrapped his hands around her delicate neck.  If he squeezed a little harder for a while she would die without waking up.   Something inside him stopped him.   He rose stealthily from the mattress and got dressed.
Five minutes later, Dean was alone in the vast suite.  He gazed at the beautiful Parisian night scenery from the main balcony.  There was a perfect view of the Eiffel Tower from where he stood.  How ironic; he was in the City of Love and was more alone than ever.  He cursed himself as Castiel popped up in his mind.  He would allow his bodyguard some time off while he did who knows what with Fassbinder.
“Hey Pam, who’s the Colombo impersonator?”
The detective nodded.  “Two of my men found out he stayed at La Pensione Santa Lucia.  Fortunately, he had vacated his room without checking out and the cleaning lady had not tidied it up.  The officers discovered a used box of hair dye and discarded case of colored contact lenses.”
The actor left to catch up to his bodyguard.  The dark haired man had already caught the elevator to the twelfth floor.  In three minutes, Dean was vacating the elevator.  He saw Cas talking to the guard.  Dean walked towards them and greeted the hefty guard.  As Castiel was opening the door, Dean gently pushed him aside.  “Allow me, Baby Doll.”
Castiel gulped down the caffeinated beverage in no time.  Dean removed his tie and unbuttoned the navy shirt he donned.  He loved how hot Cas looked in blue.  It emphasized the color of his magnificent eyes.  “Can you manage to take a shower on your own?”
“You don’t say.  Any movie star clients?”
“For what?”
Samuel laughed heartily.  “Thanks, laddie” He placed one of his gargantuan hands over his shorter brother’s right shoulder.  “I will do all I can in helping Castiel and the authorities apprehend my twin.”  His Adam’s apple bobbed nervously and his eyes became watery.
The law enforcement official handed Castiel a manila folder.  “Please sit down” He gestured for the Americans to take their seats. The bodyguard opened it and the first thing he noticed was a picture of Adam in uniform.  He passed it to Dean and Gabriel.  “Motherfucker is an exact replica of his brother.”
Dean slept in a sofa inside the ICU’s waiting room.  Gabriel tried to fall asleep on a plastic chair, which was uncomfortable as hell.   When he was almost asleep, the short man felt someone shaking his shoulders.  “Sweetheart, it’s me, Sam…wake up.”
The simple dinner fare was delicious and for dessert they all shared pecan and apple pie.  Dean as usual gobbled up as much of the sweet confections as possible.  The fireworks display began shortly after.  Everyone gathered on the veranda.  Dean motioned for Cas to follow him.  The couple strolled over hand in hand to a hill surrounded by verdant grass and spring wildflowers.
The second week of November, the trio arrived in Milan for Dean’s first and commercial shoots for the men’s fragrance.  They went to a warehouse where the photo shoot and majority of the commercial would be filmed at.
Castiel, Max, Sam and Gabriel had all leaped into the water, when they had reached the overturned boat.  Sam and Cas swam and were able to find an unconscious Dean.  Max and Gabriel managed to turn the boat to its right position.  Samuel carried a drenched Dean into it.  Castiel volunteered to row the boat back to shore.
Dean turned to look at his psycho brother.  “How the fuck do you expect me to sign it if my hands are tied up?”
Cas rose from the bed and headed to the bathroom on unsteady feet.  Dean swiftly stood next to him and guided him inside.  He continued undressing Castiel, who giggled every time Dean removed an article of clothing from his body.   Dean liked goofy Cas.   He opened the sliding glass door and assisted Castiel inside the shower stall.  Dean turned on the water and made sure it was warm.
“Have you at least seen this summer’s biggest blockbuster, Bang You’re Dead?”
Dean was in the middle of crossing the street, when out of nowhere a silver SUV headed towards him at full speed.  Gabriel yelled but it was too late.  The vehicle slammed into the handsome actor; sending him flying several feet in the air.  Dean lost consciousness as he landed roughly on the hard concrete pavement.
“Don’t just stand there!  Hail an ambulance!”
“I guess we have to remove our shoes,” Castiel suggested.  The two men did as instructed.  They entered the room, which was adorned with scrolls.  The soothing sound of a trickling fountain and incense scent calmed Dean and Castiel.  An elderly Japanese man in traditional garb sat on a straw pallet in the corner playing a pan flute.
Castiel sat next to Dean.  The actor placed his head on Cas’ lap.  “I am going to bring you a couple of aspirins for the pain.”
Gabriel’s mouth gaped open.  “He’s probably the type that shows his love through his actions and not verbally.  Give him time, Deano.  Wow, actors are so insecure.  Thank God Sammy is going to change his career choice.”
Dean ruffled his shaggy dark hair, which was an exact replica of Castiel’s.  He chuckled.  “Is your big brother home?”
Cas shrugged his shoulders.  He actually was starving and would eat about anything.  Once more the duo raced through LA in Pam’s kick ass Porsche.  In ten minutes they arrived at the Sunset Strip, outside an adult theme sushi restaurant and sake lounge named Hadaka.   The agent handed her baby’s keys to one of the valet attendants.  They swiftly entered the eating establishment.  The hostess who was a Japanese beauty dressed in a colorful blue and red kimono led them to a private room in the back of the restaurant.
“Oh baby boy, I am so glad you are here for Thanksgiving.”  She enveloped her first born in her arms.  “My heart always leaps up my throat whenever I think of the danger you place yourself in.”
Gabriel’s stomach was rumbling so much it sounded like a herd of elephants running from a group of starving lions, who salivated at the thought of feasting on their flesh.  The short man slowly removed himself from within a slumbering Sam’s arms.  Gabe giggled as he noticed his Sammy still donned the kilt in which he role played with, earlier in the evening.  Gabriel also wore a matching kilt.  He had even forgotten to remove the war paint from his face.  The assistant recalled having seen a container of chicken lasagna in Dean’s fridge causing his stomach to grumble louder.  He silently vacated the bedroom he now shared with his boyfriend and headed to the main part of the house.
Once the detective was out, Dean stood up and hugged Castiel fervently.  He whispered in his ear, “Thank you for being with me through this entire shitty ordeal.”  Dean kissed the shorter man’s shoulder before releasing him.
Castiel, whose cock stirred as his lower body covered Dean’s groin, moved his face closer to his charge.  “It looks normal to me.”  He placed his face closer to Dean’s.
Sam felt Gabe shiver and held him close.  He kissed the top of his head.  “My laddie, you have suffered a traumatic experience.  Why don’t I take you to my place?  It looks as if you really need a good night’s sleep.”
“Thank God, you answered, idjit!”
“I don’t envy you, Castiel.  You are a smart and sensible man.  You’ll figure things out.  You have my digits and e-mail address.  I hope we’ll keep in contact.”
Castiel cupped his chiseled cheek.  “Hey, I am here, remember?  I will not allow that psychopath to harm a hair on your head.”
Four hours later, Gabe left to have dinner with Sam.  Dean and Cas had ordered room service and ate lobster ravioli, Caesar salad and cannolis for their evening meal.    Dean noticed Castiel had been grouchy all evening.
“When can we see him, Dr. Gellar?”  Pamela inquired.
Cas removed the mask and chuckled.  “Shouldn’t I be the one making you feel better?”
“Dude, I completely understand.  I’m glad you are helping Cas and get to spend a lot of time with Sammy.”  Dean licked his lips appreciatively.  “Is that pecan pie I smell?”
Castiel smirked.  Unknown to the actor he had heard his comment.  He led Dean to the middle of the spacious rec room, which was covered by a large mat.  “First of all, self-defense isn’t about performing slick moves.  Its main priority is how you think and use your mind in order to defend yourself.   Forget the crap you have seen in or performed in your movies.  It is all about using your mind, making the right choices and controlling your life.”
Castiel closed his eyes in surrender as he nibbled Dean’s lower lip.  His hands dug into the actor’s shoulders.  They remained frantically making out as Dean carried Cas to his bed.  By the time the two of them laid on the king size mattress, the kimonos had been thrown on the shiny wood floor.  Castiel bit and laved Dean’s neck, forming a tent in the blond man’s boxer briefs.
“I told you to shut the fuck up!”  Adam hit the left side of Dean’s face with the knife’s handle.  Adam froze upon hearing the front door open.  He gagged Dean’s mouth so he would not warn whoever was at the door.  He silently crept behind the bedroom door.
He dragged Dean to sit on a decrepit chair that went with a matching wood table.  “This is the draft of your new will.”  The actor remained immobile staring at the document.
Dean felt like throwing up.  “How the hell do you plan on ending up with my money?  The cops are going to discover our dead bodies and know it was you.  There will be a massive manhunt for your ass.”
“I snuck in your room when you were showering before the trip and jotted down your size by looking in your closet.”
“I’m horny! Okay, happy now!”  The bodyguard’s cheeks turned crimson.
A plethora of floral arrangements and get well cards littered the entire room.  “Is there anything I can do?”  Gabriel asked as he turned on the television to the Hallmark Channel, which happened to be playing Troy.  He loved himself some Eric Bana.   At least he would be entertained for the next three hours.  Gabe turned to check on Dean, who had remained silent.  The actor had fallen asleep.  He looked much younger than his thirty three years.
Six hours later the alarm clock started buzzing.  Sam and Gabe shared an emotional good-bye.  They would meet up the next time Dean had business in Europe.  It took the Americans an hour to shower, dress and eat a quick breakfast.  Miraculously, most of their possessions including passports had been spared in the fire.
“Gabe, can you get Cas off of me?”
“Maybe Deano can take one room and we can share the other,” Gabe suggested.
Miraculously, one morning as he trained at the Governor’s mansion’s high tech gym, someone from the President’s Secret Service team approached him in the middle of an extraneous kickboxing workout.  Since Governor Crist’s second term was coming to an end, Castiel did not waste any time in accepting the lucrative offer.   A couple of months later, Castiel Novak thanked the soon to be former governor and was on his way to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Castiel tenderly traced the cut on Dean’s chiseled cheek.  “If I would not have gotten here, when I did, that monster would have killed you.”  He cried on Dean’s shoulder.
“Wow!  I saw his movie twice.  The guy is going to be a huge star for a long time.”
Gabriel kissed the tip of Sam’s nose.  “I don’t know what I would do without you.”
Castiel remained in bed.  Dean observed his lean muscled torso and sexy bed head.  “Don’t you dare leave that bed, mister?” He hopped on the bed and spooned his bodyguard.
Dean glared at him as he poured himself another drink.  He drank it in one gulp; the tequila burning down his throat.  “My dick of a bodyguard wanted to resign from his post today.”
Some of you might have caught on I based Max Fassbinder on the yummy, talented and well hung actor, Michael Fassbender. Thanks for reading!
After most introductions were made, Castiel left Dean for last.  “Anna, I want you to meet my partner…well husband, Dean.”
Dean placed his right index finger over Castiel’s full lips.  “Hey, you mean everything to me, and I want to spend as much time with you as possible.  I have never felt comfortable living in LA.  To make matters worse, the paparazzi have started to buzz around and I don’t like it one bit.  They can be annoying vultures.  This place finally feels like home.”
The three men ate the hearty chowder and drank the hot chocolate.  After they were sated, Dean told Gabe to go ahead and spend the night over at Sam’s hotel.   “Are you sure, boss man?  I don’t want to leave you alone.”
“Why don’t we go on a boat ride over at the manmade lakes?”   Fassbinder suggested.
“Cas is across the hall and he will return any moment now.  Go and enjoy your last night in Paris.”
He kissed her cheek.  “Mom, I did not want a big fuss today.  I am more than satisfied spending Thanksgiving with all the people I love.”
“Why didn’t you just say that in the first place, doc?” Gabriel asked with a smirk on his face.
“I think I am going to be sick,” Dean muttered as he ran searching for the nearest bathroom.  Gabriel was with him as he vomited the breakfast he had earlier that morning.  His assistant helped him get up and offered him a piece of paper to wipe his mouth.
His charge turned to him with his arm still wrapped around the chick’s waist.  “Trixie, this is Cas, my cousin.  He is staying over for a while.  He is unemployed and had nowhere to stay.  So I being the humanitarian I am invited him over until he lands on his two feet again.  Cas, this is my friend, Trixie, who I met at Champion Billiards.  She actually conned me out of four hundred dollars the fateful night we met.  We’ve been friends with benefits since then.”
“It’s the least I can do.  I wish I could do more for those poor sick kids.  At least they will be happy when they open their toys today.”  Dean felt uncomfortable receiving praise from his bodyguard.  He left to join Gabe, who he reminded to call Toys R Us, to verify all the stuff they ordered was ready to be taken to the hospital.
Dean said good bye to Bruckheimer, Bay and his co-stars before leaving.  He walked to the sidewalk placing his hands inside the leather jacket’s pockets.  Thank goodness the night was over.   Gabe was across the street after having heralded a cab.  He whistled to grab his boss’ attention.
Adam leapt on his sibling and placed his knife on Dean’s neck.  “Make a peep and I will slit your throat on the spot.”  Dean nodded.  “Good lad” Adam roughly dragged him to a chair and bound his wrists and ankles with rope.
All of a sudden, the sexy waitress returned with the champagne and wine flutes.  After everyone had a flute in their hand, the director turned to Dean.  “To Hollywood’s new golden boy; may you have a long successful career.”  Everyone raised their glasses to the toast.  Dean’s cheeks were crimson.  Castiel felt very proud of Dean at the moment.
Cas felt as if he had run a marathon by the time he entered the elevator.  All of a sudden, the hotel’s fire system started ringing.  “Now is when it goes off,” a visibly pissed Dean said.
“If we hurry up; you will not miss too much of the conversation,” Sam stated as he carried a tray full of glasses, plates and cutlery to the kitchen.
“I knew the time would come, grasshopper.  Now listen to me, Deano.  I know you love Castiel.  What better way to prove your feelings than being more daring in the sack.  You have jumped the biggest hurdle by having sex with him; so this will be a walk in the park.”
“Good night, Dean.”
Finally, the torture was over and the director yelled cut for the last time that day.  Castiel could not fathom why they had to film over four hours of footage for a thirty second commercial.  Dean walked up to him and smiled.  “You must be bored out of your mind.  I am sorry.  I had no idea this would take so long.  I can’t complain with the paycheck though.  Tomorrow will be the photo shoot for the ad campaign and that will be it.”
“Why?  You extra hungry this morning due to your strenuous training session with the boss man yesterday?”
“Great!  Now he has you mocking me.  You know what!  Go and have a jolly old time with good old Max.  Don’t expect me to be waiting with arms wide open when you return.”
“Actually Gabriel, I was in the in the middle of teaching Dean a couple of self defense moves and there is one where you bite somebody in the face.  We were wrestling and I was aiming for his nose but my teeth landed on his lower lip.”
“Hi, is Dean in?  He invited me over for some fun.”  She retrieved a bottle of Petron Silver from her large imitation Coach purse.  Castiel’s brows rose as he witnessed this.  Where the hell did Winchester meet this floozy?
Castiel’s first assignment had him being part of former Florida Governor Charlie Crist’s security team.  Thankfully, no attempts were ever made against the governor’s life while Novak had been on duty.  Castiel became bored after two years on the job.  During his leisure time, he partook of his favorite pastime, art.
“Before the two of you get into a cockfight; let’s head on out.”  Gabriel stated before something started.  With Dean Winchester one never knew.
Her pale cheeks turned crimson.  Dean could have sworn the red head was staring at Castiel adoringly.  “Why don’t the three of you go to the living room?  These three gentlemen are going to help me wash the dishes,” Rachel suggested.
“I am pretty awesome.”  Dean wiggled his eyebrows and shoved Cas gently against the wall.  He licked Castiel’s neck pulse point slowly.  The bodyguard almost came, when he felt Dean’s hot and humid breath against his instantly flushed skin.  All of a sudden, his cell phone vibrated signaling a text message had come in.  He moaned for Dean to give him a second.
Dean entered the living room area wearing black jogging pants, which hung low at the hips.  He stood behind Cas and wrapped his arms around the slightly shorter man’s waist.  “Dude, this better be good.  We fell asleep like two hours ago.”  He kissed Castiel’s shoulder.
Morning Star was hit with a contraction every time a new body part of the foal made its appearance.  Impala started breathing and moving around once her hips emerged from her mother’s birth canal.  Her movements detached the umbilical cord.  Dean had remained standing in a corner witnessing the birth of such a beautiful creature.  He was glad to be here with Cas as he witnessed one of nature’s gifts.
“Love you, too, baby.”
Gabe stood next to Castiel.  He instantly noticed how captivated the bodyguard was with his charge.  The assistant smirked before popping a cherry Jolly Rancher in his mouth.  Castiel Novak was starting to fall for Dean Winchester.
Dean retrieved two beer bottles from the mini fridge and headed to his room.  He lied on the bed and turned on the LCD television.  He settled on MTV.  The actor was shocked to see they actually played music videos in the French version.  His emerald eyes closed as he heard Lady Gaga’s “Judas”.
“Aren’t we sneaky?  I don’t feel comfortable having you pay for my clothes?  How about you take it out of my salary?”
“I kind of wanted to see Cas.”
“When will crazy ass Adam be out of our lives for good?”  Gabriel asked as Sam embraced him and kissed his forehead.
“Did it ever occur to you to call me?  I should have been in the suite instead of…”
“I can’t believe I own a ranch now.  That place is humongous!  Dean I am taking you there for Christmas.  Maybe we can all get together there on Christmas Eve.”
Sam smiled for the first time since he had been arrested.  “Thanks for not giving up on me, my heart.”  Gabe still remained wrapped around him resembling a chimp hanging from a tree.  Sam’s hazel eyes landed on his Uncle Crowley, who stood beside the information booth with his arms crossed at his chest.
