the two blocks home?” he asked in a dangerously quiet tone. Her eyes shot up at that, because he totally skipped past the
“Go pick out a few books, Jo,” he said as he glared at his brother, seeing her scramble off the couch out of the corner of his eye.
“I told him to come over whenever, so I guess whenever he decides to get here,” he finished freezing in the entranceway to the kitchen. Cause he was here.
"Em, when's the last time you've met with Kate?" he asked carefully as she felt herself go stiff in response, only whispering "
So very alone.
“Harry, stop!” Miles yelled, immediately climbing up after him - ignoring the pain coming from his right side.
Steve sat in the living room with his husband's head on his lap, waiting for both their kids to come to Sunday dinner as promised. He was stroking the man's hair that was starting to get more salt in the pepper these days as they heard the familiar ding. They looked up a moment later to see their teenager join them.
“That’s right bambino. One of your punk classmates used their premature Voice on you. Stevie here brought you back to me,” Tony said with a smile, rubbing his pup’s back and feeling nothing but love in that moment. The Omega went so far as to pull his feet up on the couch, one hand rubbing Harley’s back and while the other rubbed his swollen tummy, all while leaning into his Alpha’s side.
He saw guns being pulled out, the two groups having a standoff. He shot a few webs at their guns, rendering them useless as he sprung down to land on one of the confused men. When he stood back up, he turned to find himself face to face with a gun. Not covered in web, inches from Peter’s face.
“Miles,” Peter said, closing his eyes in anger. A news story from a week ago suddenly popped into his head. “Wait...Osborn had an explosion at his mansion last week…” he trailed off, praying that his brother would deny or argue his point...but that little bastard just shrugged with a half-smile. “Are you fucking kidding me?”
“This isn’t my home,” Tony answered quietly, one hand still gripping on the door like his life depended on it.
EMERSON
“Next aisle, kiddo,” Buck teased as walked past Steve. The teen turned to walk alongside him, making faces at his niece.
“Love you May.”
After putting her hair in a cap and goggles on her face, she climbed the steps into the pool. It was cool without being cold and she kicked her legs a little before lining up on the side of the wall. Taking a deep breath she kicked off the wall and began freestyling to the other side.
“Be good,” Jackson agreed as he settled in Clint’s arms. They watched Bucky grab a few forks from a drawer before the heard the sounds of tiny footsteps.
His brother winced at the thought, looking back at his girl while Steve helped himself up to make his own exit.
Who were both now looking at him, reminding Tony he’d came all the way over here for the ball. Shaking his head, he went back and grabbed it before continuing his walk back. As he got closer he could see the concern on their faces.
“I tried telling him,” Howard said, standing up and walking over to the blondes. “See Harley? It was the very dumb, intoxicated man who is to blame for this, not you.” Steve absorbed those words, trying not to let any anger smother his scent as he guided the pup’s face into his neck to calm him. “Steve the doctor, you weren’t here so they asked me...I...I told them to go ahead with the surgery...even if it meant losing the pup…” There was fear in the older Alpha’s voice that Steve had never heard before.
CLINT
There were at least five pairs of lacy underwear, two of which were thongs.
“Papa?” Isaac asked as he moved to climb into the man’s lap.
"Check Miles' bedroom, that's where they went a while ago," their daughter said as she continued flexing her hands. The fathers shared a look before walking with each other in the direction of their youngest's bedroom.
“Oh god my baby is an adult! Steve, my love, when you write my eulogy please remember to include –”
Now though…he was using Peter as a body pillow. And taking a nap in the middle of a hospital…willingly; while his husband was in surgery.
“Yay G’anddaddy!” Izzy exclaimed, finally wearing floaties, as he jumped into the pool next to them. Her Dad lifted him up out of the water before tossing him a few feet away.
He only looked into her mouth, returning the obnoxiousness as she shut it and mock glared at him. He laughed along as he stood up to lead them out of her bedroom.
“No need, Uncle Thor. I get mad when it comes to math too,” she said with a smile.
"What'd you do, get Wade pregnant?" his Dad asked jokingly before his Pop visibly went rigid behind him. Peter couldn't help but laugh a little at that. "Babe," his Dad continued, "two men can't get each other pregnant. Remember, we've tried? Many times?"
“Thank you Daci, remind me to give you chocolate later.”
“Xa…I’m literally weak in the knees,” she said quietly, smiling when he laughed aloud at that. She slowly got up, excepting the sideways hug from her friend before leaving.
He had spent the next few days with his family, not wanting to be alone while Wade was still gone.
"Wade? You're Deadpool?" the boy asked as Wade wrapped his arms around him with a sad face.
“You, young man, are already in deep enough trouble to make fun of your dying father.”
“Keep it in your pants man,” James said as Sam helped him stand.
“Hey Thumper,” the blonde said, wearing basketball shorts and a t-shirt.
Tony, ever the multi-tasker, didn’t look up from his tablet when he answered. “I believe it’s twenty-seven, my dear.”
“Lot lonelier than it sounds,” Tony mumbled and Steve instantly whirled around to face the other teen.
“I was just wondering if we should break up before or after summer. So it’ll hurt less,” Steve sniffled out, not looking Tony in the eye until the brunette gently grabbed his hand.
“Night Papa,” the boy said before sleepily resting his head on his dad’s shoulder again, still munching on his cookie.
"Pop, help me out here! Grab him," Jo said as Jamie pretended to 'hide' next to him beside the couch.
She felt her heart race, calculating Hulk’s movement before dodging out of the way at the last second, taking off towards the obstacle course area. The cheers increased, as did Hulk’s roars as she heard him run after her.
The vigilante who appeared on the news late at night jumping into burning buildings? The one who he saw in youtube videos Tony showed him stopping men with guns rob a bank…his breath starts to shorten thinking of all the danger their son had SECRETLY PUT HIMSELF IN. Crawling around in a material that he hopes isn’t spandex.
“What the hell are you talking about?” he growled out, feeling more anger zip up his spine. “I think I would’ve noticed if my girlfriend injected me with something…”
“It’s totally not a big deal,” the brunette tried to say, “I just need minor heart surgery, scheduled for next week–”
“Why didn’t you tell me about her? Why didn’t my Dad tell me? Why did you guys keep her from me?” she demanded as he stared back at her. She saw Tony out of the corner of her eye, moving his legs to sit up and participate.
“I don’t actually know, she keeps changing her story and I can’t get a hold of Susan to get any straight answers.”
The entrance way was blocked, even when Iron Man and Captain America had tried to use their combined strength to move it. Tony started using heat the melt the debris, working on clearing a path. Steve fidgeted as he watched, coming up with plans b-z to get her back safe and sound.
“Mama, we talked about this…”
As luck would have it, he had the kid in his next class, where he’d shown up late thanks to Coach Coulson stopping him in the hall.
“Tony,” she said ever so sweetly. “Good to see you again. You look handsome as ever.” Tony stood frozen for a second before putting on his best press smile. He pushed down all of his feelings of betrayal and hurt caused by the girl over four years ago, the girl he dated after Tiberius who cheated on him and broke his heart in the process. It didn't help that she had also been physically abusive with him.
“I’m sorry, okay? I realize I fucked up, but you won’t even hear my side?”
“You know, when your Daddy was little, he got spankings too.”
“She told me when we first got together, I was an intruder. But later she realized “she was the intruder,” thinking she’d done more harm than good to you.”
“-Yeah but none of them were about you!” Tony snapped back, worry and anger battling it out in his stomach. Because of course Tony has had second thoughts about things, but Steve was never one of them. And knowing it wasn’t reciprocated…
“Thanks Maria, sorry about lunch.”
“Tony,” Pepper said pointedly, continuing when he finally looked at her. “Why don’t we take a five minute break?” He nodded in response after taking a deep breath, staying still as the team of eight slowly made their way out of the room. Pepper and his assistant remained, Marcus quickly moving to the small table to make Tony a latte.
“Why is that so shocking? I’m good at arguing.”
“No, Dad, that’s not it…”
“Aw, Peteroo that is so sweet!” she said as she enveloped her brother in another hug. “And that has nothing to do with the fact you get to eat some of these cookies and brownies, eh little brother?”
“Maybe not drink, but I agree that’s awesome Bucky,” Steve said with a pointed look at Thor. “I was thinking of ordering pizza for dinner anyway. You guys hungry?”
look. The genius remained pouting, increasingly more grumpy when Peter handed him the shot of cough syrup to down. The billionaire's arms remained crossed as he refused to take the medication. Peter glared at him a moment before remembering.
And yes, he understood the irony
After Steve left and Rhodey dropped off Harley, he spent the day helping his pup build legos and dreaming of what it would be like to raise Harley with someone.
“Tati wait, I need to tell you something!” He only registered the five year old had followed him when he’d picked his phone up off the bed.
Or maybe it was all the amazing sixteen year old before him.
“But I can’t... I can’t keep watching him suffer, knowing there’s something I could do about it.”
“Don’t, Tony. Don’t go there,” Steve said as he sat forward and grabbed the Omega’s hand. “What’s done is done, my love. None of this is your fault. I’m just...I’m so happy my family is safe and okay. I’m nothing but thankful, Tony.” The blonde was so sincere and even added a push of love through the bond at the end.
“Wha…why–”
“Just like your Daddy,” the blonde murmured fondly, walking to the cabinets to check what ingredients they had.
“You guys died. Because of me,” she said after a beat. “It was my fault…you said so yourself Pop-” her curled over herself, crying harder than before. “And HE did it!” she managed between sobs. “HE was the one who took you guys from me.” She heard the pause on the other end, imagining the two looking at each other, deep frowns on their faces.
“It’s okay, Stevie. I knew this was coming,” Tony said, telling the truth. “My parents are in Europe, they get notified when I haven’t accessed the mansion in a while,” he added, blatantly lying. “I just have to go home for a few days.”
“What did you think I want, Tony?” Steve asked in a low voice, making the genius refocus.
“Hey,” Bucky said with a smile, waiting until Clint looked at him to continue. “Thank you for telling me. You don't have to take any meds if you don't want to, doll. I promise I still love you lots.” When Clint rolled his eyes and laughed, Bucky took that opportunity to scoot forward to bring his love in for a passionate kiss.
“Wait, that’s why you won’t take it off?” Peter interrupted their conversation.
“Okay, Daci gets three extra seconds. Daci, ready? Set? Go!” Peter yelled before she took off, distantly hearing him begin counting down from three again as she had hightailed it to the other side of the floor.
“I ran away to join it! Just cause I didn’t make it all the way…”
“How about chocolate chip pancakes? With whip cream? AND BACON?” he asked with the same excitement you’d see from their favorite five year old.
It wasn’t long before the other Avengers showed up, carrying with them the pizza boxes Tony had ordered. She continued watching the group in silence, taking Morgan’s spot on her Tati’s lap when the baby moved to sit with her Papa. After a while the Stark children grew tired and were taken to bed, but the others remained joyfully exchanging stories in the living room until Steve and Tony came back.
"Do we have any cranberry juice?"
But this wasn’t a grown man he would eventually marry; this was his barely sixteen year old traumatized kid. Who was right when she had snapped at him at dinner.
“Thanks for everything Vi, I really appreciate it. Oh hey, Daci is up. I’ll call you back later. Love you too, bye,” Tati said when he noticed her, turning to her with a smile on his face. “Hey cub, did you have a good nap?” She shook her head no, holding Wolf against her chest and thinking of all the knots still sitting in her stomach.
“Anytime Steve,” Sam said confidently back. They looked at each a moment longer, smiles on their faces before Steve made a proposition.
“Tony you’re a smart kid, but you have no idea the ins and outs of actually running a multi-million dollar weapons company…”
“Just talking to Barton about track stuff, I should get back to Ashley,” Rumlow slurred again as he stumbled past him, not looking back as he headed downstairs. Bucky took a breath before stepping inside the room and closing the door behind him.
“Holy shit...when...when did you build him?” Steve asked, still in amazement. Tony seemed to blush and duck his head again before turning back the machine on the table.
“I do worry about it, you shouldn’t have to defend me –”
Steve...might...secretly want out.
!” she hissed quietly, not trying to wake Peter. “No, Dad, you see – I am running on no sleep, after a rough night, with an ass that is still on fire, I am not listening to you
STEVE
“they are busy today and so you’re with us. Does that make sense?”
Whoops, hand slipped. More Stony smut.
It’s funny, even though he was the strictest disciplinarian – he was also somehow the absolute best cuddler – giant and strong arms engulfing her in a bear hug that was almost like a cure all on its own.
“And Peter,” Steve confirmed.
“What’s this spanking for, Jo?” he asked again. His break apparently was over, as he continued laying swats on her upper thighs; though admittedly less severe than before. All of this only intensified her tears.
“Oh I know,” he said with a smile, “you and Stark both have a thing for tall blondes,” he finished with a whisper, smiling as her face blushed furiously and her eyes widened. Before she could deny it or threaten his life, he used his hand to mime locking his mouth and throwing away the key.
“Tinta,” she said back to him, sending a jolt of fear up his spine. So she did know who he was...just not in the way he’d hoped. {
As far as he knew, Buck was straight. But then again, the two centenarians where in a whole new century...
But then…his ridiculous husband ground his pelvis down onto his and Tony couldn’t help wrapping a hand around the back of the man’s neck to bring him into a sloppy kiss.
“I would just like to say, in my defense, I told your Pops those pants he
After a long discussion with his husband about
“Would you like a shot, Stark?” Thor asked as he returned to the table with a plate of shots and started handing them out.
PETER
The vigilante looked at Spiderman a moment before taking off running. He swung after him, not recognizing the guy – unsure if he was a villain or not. He was running from a crime scene, but Peter also recognized those guys from a drug bust he did a few weeks ago.
So he got some cash from his bag and spent his nights at a hotel under an alias. He didn’t want to tell any of his friends what was going on and bother them with his baggage.
PETER
“Jo, you and Jose can play in your room, leave your Uncle Steve alone baby.”
"What's his name, Emerson?" Steve asked. The genius felt her smile in his arms.
Deadpool. And for a somewhat good reason. Miles had apparently witnessed the vigilante slaughter around forty men with his swords. Granted, the men were part of a sex trafficking ring - but murder was murder to a five year old. And the thing is, it killed Wade. Even if the man wouldn't say it, no matter how many times Peter tried to get it out of him, it was obvious it affected him.
“What is it?” he asked, voice still rough from his anger. She flinched back, but he just kept staring, the louder voice demanding
And after an hour of dancing, the two decided to leave to go get ice cream. They said goodbye to their friends, who did a lot of teasing as the two quickly made their exit.
“Don’t play dumb with me, who is it that you’re dating?”
Bucky grumbled before pulling over to fill the tank, knowing it’d help his dad out anyway. Afterwards he picked up his two worthless friends and ignored their banter on the drive to the Stark mansion.
He rubbed her back for a few more minutes before looking over at Tony, who hadn’t looked away from the two but was watching them silently. The brunette smiled sheepishly back at him, looking like he was still unsure of
grandmother is not the same as us telling you about your father’s upcoming surgery,” Steve snapped.
“Sorry you just, have a lot of missed calls from ‘Joey’,” Tony tried to say nonchalantly, though his voice wavered that gave away his insecurity. Steve took the phone from him, checking the messages and groaning loudly.
“Wow. You really
“Hey, sorry hun, I needed to clean off some –” Tony halted a few feet from the couch, shrinking back when he saw how angry Steve was.
“I wasn’t being smart. There’s a lot of things wrong with me,” she said quietly as she suddenly looked down at her lap. Steve felt his anger only slightly dissipate.
“O’tay,” she relented, rubbing her eye again with her tiny fist.
“Grant,” he answered her with a smile as her face quirked in confusion.
“Good start,” he said before bringing his hand down hard on her behind. She yelped at the sting and didn’t bother holding in the tears that followed his onslaught of smacks.
“Harley, are you excited to be a big brother?” Howard asked the six year old. The pup was playing with his tablet, only answering with a shrug. “Well that’s alright pup, I didn’t like having a little brother either.”
“Hey! Good job, buddy,” Steve said with a smile as he grabbed a can, ignoring the scoff coming from the genius who grabbed his own along with the tray to set aside.
She opened her eyes again, fidgeting in place as he walked over to her and handed her a bottle of red Gatorade. Her brows furrowed, taking it wordlessly as he sat on her bed a few feet from her. She popped it open to drink it, not particularly liking how calm he was being.
He sat quietly in his dads’ private jet on the way back from Arizona. A few days after his Dad was released and against doctor’s orders – the family of four made a weekend trip to the state. There they purchased flowers and visited Emerson’s sister’s grave. They surprised him and his sister with an official tombstone they helped place in the grass. Emerson cried the entire time, sometimes smiling and sometimes openly sobbing. She eventually asked for a moment alone, after hugging each of them a few times. His dads held hands as Peter walked a little behind them back to the rental car.
“I said hang out not bottle feed,” he teased with a wink as he climbed off her bed and started walking out her door. She gawked at him as he left without saying anything else…seriously…
She was slowly getting out of her funk, even if she still missed Shuri, she was slowly starting to get back at SI. Even if she was mostly working from home on the one day a week she did it.
He had just finished doing another load of laundry when Tony came in.
“You deserve worse than this...but getting my kid back is more important,” Bucky said his final words to her before using his hands to snap her neck, looking at the lifeless body for another second before turning back to Steve. “Let’s go.”
“Hey Hulk!” Daci returned the greeting, jumping into his arms and giving him a hug.
She usually got a yes from the men.
“Sounds good,” Tony said, pulling Peter into one side and reaching his arm out to Daci with the other. She smiled back at him, pulling Morgan along with her to cuddle against Tony’s other side.
“My name is James Rhodes, but everyone calls me Rhodey or Jim. Except for this unfunny child,” Rhodey said, shooting a smirk Tony’s way that he maturely returned with an outstretched tongue. “It’s nice to meet you Daci. I take it your father’s a new Avenger Anthony just so happened to forget to mention?” She nodded silently before giving Tony a confused look.
. It’s...I don’t know it’s almost like I’m in love with you or something,” he finished, ducking his head from the confession.
It was
,” the Omega whined as he felt himself harden as well and slick gushing between his thighs. The gland on his shoulder pulsed as Steve began licking the spot. He had never felt more sure about anything in his life. So after they went another round, the Alpha and Omega took turns biting the bonding gland on each other’s necks.
“Wait,” he said with a smile. “Thanks for telling me and for...everything else,” he added before pulling her into a hug. “
There was a pause in their scene as she figured out her next move; she felt three eyes on her. She knew if she made it obvious in any way that she was uncomfortable, Steve would let it slide instead of forcing anything that silly on her.  The truth is that she was gradually getting used to their physical signs of love, but it didn’t stop the flutter of anxiety in her stomach. Before she could change her mind, she returned the smile and shrieked “NOOO!” before diving under the blanket to scramble over a now laughing Tony. Steve took that as a go ahead, letting Peter roll to the floor as he reached under the blankets to attack his youngest.
"Killing is bad, Emerson," Miles stated. Emerson turned her attention back to the vigilante.
If she doesn’t…directly inhale it…she should be fine…right?
“Of course baby, you were really brave just now. I think you deserve two cookies. I’m proud of you bubba,” Steve said, adding another kiss to the boy’s cheek as they entered the kitchen.
“That’s for not telling Pappy where I went.”
The rest of the dinner went smoothly. Peter sat back as his dads told one or two embarrassing stories from his childhood. Wade laughed along and offered a few stories of his own. He looked over to his sister, who gave him a smile and a wink in return. Peter felt Wade caress his hand with his thumb, glad for the loving gesture. The warmth in his chest blossomed as he watched his family wholly accept his boyfriend.
“She said you all would do this. That you’d try to turn me against her,” Bucky growled, considering leaving them in favor of finding his true love.
“I like you a lot better…as my… my dad.”
And also had the look alike sporting a huge porn-stache.
“Wait…both? I thought you said she insulted the three of us?”
“Come on Steve! I wanna be the champion!” the pup cried with his tiny fists in the air. The Alpha couldn’t resist the request, warmth flowing throughout his body as he happily climbed into the ring.
“Daciana you’re forgetting your father and the fact that he is with someone else…”
Tony was waiting for them in the living room, looking relieved as he saw Joey trailing behind him. He immediately frowned at the sight of her, sitting up straighter.
"I'm really not," the teen deadpanned back, face breaking into a smile when his father began poking him with his outstretched feet.
Tiberius.
to stop moping around.”
“So, I’m guessing it went well?” her Pop asked, now standing behind her. She thanked the receptionist before turning to him to answer. She instead began pushing him in the direction of the exit, following him out as he played along like she could actually move him.
“Where are Barton and Romanoff?” he asked, suddenly aware of their absence.
Emerson put her plate and cup in the sink before joining them in the screening room. Tony was on the floor looking through his DVD collection while Steve was pulling extra blankets and pillows from the closet.
“- I would absolutely love to see baby pictures of Stevie!” Tony purred next to him, ignoring the pout coming from the Alpha. Steve groaned as his Ma left and came back with six photo albums.
has been approved to join the team,” Steve said with a stern tone, even though she could tell sitting in his lap it didn’t bother her father too much.
“This is my friend, Clint. He brought me back my wallet and I was hoping to give him some cake…” Bucky trailed off as he finished cleaning her before putting her on the ground.
“No, baby girl you weren’t bad,” Steve said with tears of his own as he gently reached out to her. She shrunk back at that, which had Steve frown and bring his hand back to himself in silent agreement.
“Hey,” came a chorus from the adults as Joey awkwardly came over to join them, waving to the group.
Even if it meant going behind her father’s back to make a phone call.
“You want me to carry you?” he asked before turning to wink at his husband. The genius laughed at the pair, loving these two enough to forget anything else at the moment.
“– Hey man, I’m sorry. I overstepped. I’ll drop it, okay?” Sam offered kindly as Steve smiled at him in appreciation. He figured it would be for the best, anyway.  He wanted to just get through his birthday so he could sleep all of this off.
“Mr. Rogers, I’m glad you could join us. We were waiting on both parents to show up before retelling the story. Now, from several teachers’ and students’ recounts, it’s obvious that one or all of these students may be expelled for a small amount of time –”
“I’m...I’m sorry. That… I just wasn’t expecting that,” Clint said to Daci, who was fighting against the tears forming in her eyes.
” she whispered in shock, “
“It’s nothing Dad,” his son obviously lied. He stole a look at Steve who frowned back at his husband.
I hired the best damn legal team New York can offer!” his voice raising in the end. “Pretty sure that makes me fucking powerful enough to remove an abusive, psychotic asshole off this continent!”
“Harley, that’s enough,” Tony snapped at his son, knowing it wasn’t the six year old’s words coming out of his mouth. He heard Ty’s philosophy on money while they were dating. “I know these are Ty’s words, not yours, but they are very rude.”
“Okay,” the boy muttered, finally relenting so Steve could finish helping him get dressed. The door opened as Tony peered in.
Steve shook his head, remembering that situation just a little differently, but decided not to comment when he saw the cheek-to-cheek smile from the teenager, noticing how “new daughter” hadn’t fazed her at all. He continued shaking his head when he heard his son join them.
Clint, of all people, was the one to tell on Peter immediately after discovering the truth. Granted, he was also the only Avenger close by, but Steve was grateful the man child had called the pair. The parents were also
“You still haven’t answered my question. Are you telling me this
"Alright," Peter said after another moment, pulling away so he could pack his own luggage. "You win ya cryptic bastard."
After slowly regaining consciousness and testing the zip ties around her wrists, she finally realized what had happened. And that she wasn't making it out alive as she heard a familiar voice speak behind her.
“Clint, right?” he asked as he extended a hand in greeting. “Sorry we met under these circumstances.”
“And you wonder why it took you so long to meet him?” Steve asked unimpressed.
“That’s not what I heard,” she said as she hugged him from behind. “I heard about some snot nosed brat picking on my sweet baby brother. Which is not ‘okay,’ Peter Pan.” Steve shot Tony another confused look, though this one had a little ire behind it at hearing the news their boy had been bullied.
“-no don’t. Everything’s fine, life has been hectic and I only just remembered yesterday,” Steve quickly said in reassurance, walking over to Tony and gently placing his hands on the genius’ cheeks. “Let’s just agree to make it up to each other on your private beach. And the swing. And in the hot tub,” the blonde said, which got Tony laughing, cut off when his husband kissed him. Warmth flooded through his veins and made him forget all about Steve’s conversation.
“So. What do you think of Emerson?” Steve asked as he handed Tony a plate to dry.
–” Hunter began before interrupted by Emerson’s fist colliding with his balls – completely knocking the air out of him.
"You really had the balls to use your Voice on a bonded Omega? In front of cameras I clearly have stalled around my work space? Wow you really haven't changed, huh? It's not my fault you were a moron and gave up on the chance to watch that amazing creature grow up before your eyes. Only showed up when it was convenient for you. You've signed your rights away, you've proven that you are a horrible father and if you don't get out of my office I'm going to call security."
When he heard Steve’s footsteps fading is when he could also suddenly hear footsteps in front of him.
,” he said quietly and was surprisingly gentle as he placed her arm back in front of her body.
Bucky wasn’t stupid, he saw the way Clint looked at him. And even if maybe in the beginning he liked the guy, now he just associated him with hurting the love of his life. Vi had been right about Barton, and how his ‘crush’ was completely inappropriate and he wanted to tear them apart.. She had been right about all of them, really.
“Or you could talk to me,” the brunette countered, scratching his arm anxiously as he tried to salvage their afternoon together. That was apparently the wrong thing to say as the blonde scowled back at him.
“Oh hush, Steven! You don’t understand, okay? Us little spoons need our big spoons! My poor baby girl,” her Dad murmured – with a hint of sarcasm – as he quickly rocked her back and forth.
“Oh, yeah sure…hang on,” she said before covering the microphone and moving to walk into the kitchen to find her.
A chuckle slipped that turned Sam’s attention away from his son. “Oh I see, its not hereditary – it’s like a disease…something you
“But it’ll be different. You’ll leave and forget about me and fall in love with someone else…” Clint trailed off, blinking away tears that spilled down his cheeks.
“You’re ex boyfriend,” Steve clarified.
“…you’re both disgusting,” she said before rolling her eyes fondly. She turned her attention to the window again as they pulled up to their home. He took that opportunity to check his phone, pouting at the messages.
“Sup?” she asked without looking at him as she stacked the papers evenly and started reading over the pages.
When they pulled away again, the shorter man grabbed the taller one’s hand in his, interlocking fingers as they made their way to join their kids and finally get some sleep.
“Um, I don’t know…”
The brunette started to stir, stretching a little in Steve’s embrace before pointedly pushing his ass back into the blonde’s crotch. Steve smiled as he kissed his way down the man’s silky hair to the back of his neck.
"Yeah, buddy," the vigilante responded.
Tony opened his eyes, not liking the wiggly eyebrows his youngest was giving him. He could see his sneaky and adorable face in the dim lit room.
?? Gang up on
“Steve.”
“My best friend was supposed to meet me here but he had to cancel last minute.”
“I have to go,” Steve said as he moved to put his clothes back on.
, you have
“I wanted to meet you,” she said quietly.
“I lost rock-paper-scissors with Steve.”
“What did you say?” Bucky asked in an even tone, two sides of his brain fighting out what to do right now; one side wanted to attack her for hurting Vi while the other reminded him she was under his protection and you don’t hurt those under your protection.
"Ugh, he can try. He just likes practicing braiding on my hair," she responded, getting another laugh from the father.
“Did you stay in touch?” Joey found herself asking.
“Your grandmother,” the woman answered as Joey felt her brows furrow.
That quickly earned laughs from the four and Tony spoke up before his husband could prod any further.
“His name is Steve, paramedic, drop-dead gorgeous, kind and quite possibly the biggest cock I’ve ever had.”
“I didn’t mean it, you’re not stupid. You’re smart and kind and I know you were just trying to help…” tears started falling as her bottom lip wobbled adorably.
“Oh no, it’s the alcohol police!” she said before laughing at her own joke.
“I told you to wait and I would get you the damn cup,” Steve muttered as he hoisted her on top of the counter near the sink. He grabbed bandages and tape from one of the drawers as he also ran her foot under running water.
“Hey!” Xavier said to get her attention, continuing when she blinked herself awake. “You is a gay nerd, where is your anger?”
And practically cried at the sight of her.
“We don’t match anymore,” the child said with a sigh, that the super soldier didn’t seem to notice.
“Hey!” he heard Helen shout as Howard pushed Tony down the few steps to the ground. He grumbled on his back, trying to push himself to a sitting position as his father descended the steps towards him.
"So Deadpool isn't bad?" Miles asked to clarify, getting a laugh from the three adults in the room. Emerson stole a glance at Wade at the question, smiling at him before turning back to the boy.
“Jolly Green Giant means Hulk isn’t ready to turn back to Bruce yet, so we come and play with him until he tires out.” She still stood frozen as Tony walked past him to Steve, who was laying down and smiled when he saw his husband.
"Takes after his Momma," Steve teased back, kissing his grandson before he reached out for his squealing granddaughter.
“Okay,” she began, shifting away from both of them and sitting up against the headboard. “Well…but…” she pulled her knees up to her chest, cursing her watery eyes and shaky voice, “but you’re my…
He was still waking up, cursing his husband for not letting him have coffee yet, as he hugged his girl tight and watched his husband hold their sleeping five year old. Rhodey and Pepper weren’t any help either, just shushing him before giving the small family some privacy.
“You say Steve brute. Steve carry mate back to house,” the blonde said in what Tony presumed to be a ‘caveman voice’.
Still didn’t feel great when she continued drinking her coffee and everyone else chuckled around her.
“Yeah, but…”
"Baked mac and cheese with extra bacon," the blonde said confidently as she squealed in delight. It was her favorite comfort food and neither of her parents joined in eating this meal with her very often.
"Not yet," Loki clarified, getting a glare from the brunette, a giggle from the boy and a small smile from Steve.
Ty remained quiet, a disgusting smirk on his face as he simply looked between the three men. He took a moment to look down at his phone before responding.
“Well if you don’t want gory details then why did you even call me?”
“I have his number from Tony’s old phone,” he said, disappointment in his features instead of the congratulatory one. “But I can’t make a call to England...” Steve continued sadly.
Steve’s smile grew bigger as he looked down at his oldest, still struggling to catch his breath. “You heard him kiddo, I’ve got at least a decade before that happens,” before proceeding to continue his attack.
Pupils so dilated they were no longer green and unable to focus on any one spot. Hands clenched and in a fighting position. The ground was slightly concave in front of her where she must’ve stomped her foot to send Hulk flying.
“I’m not saying tell him your whole life story...but if you keep doing what you’re doing - I hate to say it but you might lose him. Not because he doesn’t love you enough, but because he loves you so much he can’t stand to see you continue to suffer in pain. And he’s not the only one,” she finished with a hand on his shoulder.
“Huh…further proof you’re not a Stark – you’re not that bright, are you?” Staci sneered in return as they took a step closer to her.
“Just put on the diaper, I won’t make you wear anything else.”
"Hey! I agreed with you immediately! Where's my hug?" the brunette said in mock protest as his husband looked smugly at him. Emerson laughed before moving away, caught when the blonde pulled her back into his embrace.
"Emerson the procedure involves putting a small tube up your urethra," Bruce said delicately as Emerson visibly cringed. He watched as Steve stepped closer to rub her shoulder in comfort.
“Listen to your heart, Pete, but trust your gut,” the father said into his son’s hair.
“I’m terribly sorry for bringing you your favorite donuts,” Steve said sarcastically as he reached a hand out to wrap around his husband’s waist. But the genius evaded the move and only glared back at the blonde.
When he heard the door close, Steve spoke to Peter. “Is she okay? I hope I didn’t scare her or anything.”
“Your Pop’s legal name is Steven Grant Rogers-Stark. He didn’t drop Rogers, he just added Stark at the end and sometimes introduces himself as such. Just like I added Rogers, my legal name is Anthony Edward Stark-Rogers. He is still Captain Rogers, though, for all intents and purposes.” She thought that over, before finalizing her decision.
Short, sweet, to the point Pepper. Knew he always liked her, even before when he thought she was in love with Tony all the way until now when she’s put between the bickering children. He was glad she didn’t live far, glad too she had left her place unlocked, instructing the super soldier to “just walk in the front door.” When he walked in he saw his husband swaddled in blankets at her kitchen table, holding on to a steaming cup of coffee like his life depended on it.
“Sleep tight. I promise, we’ll be here in the morning.” She nodded, feeling Steve release her hand and stand up to join his husband. Tony brushed some of the hair from her eyes, tucking it behind her ear and allowing his paternal instincts to take over before dropping a quick kiss to the top of her head.
“Baby, why didn’t you tell me your heart was hurting? Even if you just thought it was anxiety?” he asked gently.
It was a nice change of pace from the more homophobic members of the football team.
“Don’t you and I need to talk?” Steve asked him, bringing his plate to the dinner table. The brunette added a groan for good measure, not liking the sudden turn of events.
She heard gunfire outside and the shouts of panicked men.
"Really?" He smiled when her cheeks blushed.
“Did you have fun?” Steve asked as he shifted on the couch to face her fully, placing his drawing pad on the coffee table next to him.
to milk it,” the genius teased as he saw his room fill with people he cared about. Emerson made her way back to sit on Tony’s side, holding a donut she had acquired. Tony gave her his best puppy dog eyes, smiling when she rolled her eyes and handed him the donut to bite off of.
Which made Jo feel better for a second, before looking around and seeing there wasn’t any other kids around…
"Okay, mine next!" "No, mine!"
“Hi there, I’m Steve,” he said, returning the smile. Her eyes widened before she screamed in excitement and jumped up and down.
Even added a groan for good measure.
“-it’s because of that Danvers girl, isn’t it? Your best friend has been in trouble and you’ve too busy with your tongue down that blonde’s throat to notice!”
“You...but you take baths now?” she asked in confirmation as he smiled back at her and nodded.
"Can you track her?" Steve asked the man who nodded in response. "Good, take me with you." Tony looked back at him to protest, but changed his mind and nodded in response as Steve moved to grab his shield.
in timeout…” he said suggestively. The brunette snorted out a laugh, hand going over his mouth in immediate embarrassment. Steve simply removed the hand to kiss him again. He pulled back as he pet the face of the man he loved.
“Hey Tony, is everything okay?” the Alpha asked, concern wafting off him as he stood up to greet the brunette. Tony waited until they were alone before motioning Steve to join him on the couch.
“He does?” she asked, still wearily eyeing the man.
“Thank you,” Harley said, joining his Daddy on the couch as Steve sat on the other side of Tony. The Alpha put his arm around the brunette who leaned against his side.
“Well hello to you too, puppy. Don’t worry. We love you too. Very much,” Steve murmured with misty eyes that settled on Tony and leaned forward so they could kiss again. After a deep kiss the two settled once more as the Omega found the remote to pick the next movie from their queue.
And fuck if Tony minded.
He never did grab those proposals.
“No…we…what about dinner?” Steve said with a heavy breath.
He turned back to the woman, “can I …” unable to finish that sentence. Tony’s bed wasn’t that big and Steve well…was. She offered her bright smile again before responding.
“That’s why! Why I think they’ll kick me out…I’m no different than
Wade’s head shot up and he locked his eyes with Peter’s. Peter smiled at his love and quickly moved the flowers out of the way as Wade collided their bodies, kissing him fiercely. He laughed when Wade lifted him up, wrapping his arms around his shoulders, flowers tickling his face, as he kissed the love of his life again and again.
“Which ones?”
“By ‘altercation’ do you mean the fact you punched a girl in the face?”
“Daddy!” Harley cried reaching over for the Omega to take him, which of course he did. “Steve thinks dinosaurs and fish are the same thing! And he thinks stegosaurus have dorsal fins! Even though they never went in the water,” the pup finished with a ‘duh’ attitude, clearly offended in the most adorable way possible.
“¿Porque no los dos?” he asked innocently before diving in to his task at hand. The subsequent screaming encouraged him to continue to live up to both roles.
“She could’ve gotten an MIP, not to mention what alcohol does to the brain during adolescence –”
“I’m Italian.”
The bell suddenly rang, the two teens taking their sweet time to get up and go to their first class of the day.
“Are you calling me a sexual deviant, Captain?” Tony looked back up and let out a small chuckle with how red his husband’s face had turned.
If only to be polite.
“You wouldn’t have any access to me as my boyfriend…”
The next morning, he woke up to his internal clock at around five am. Tony was still slumbering next to him, which had the blonde gently kiss his cheek before climbing out of bed to start his day. He texted Bucky to see if he’d join him in a morning run, but wasn’t surprised by the lack of response from his oldest friend.
“Thank you, May,” the blonde said tiredly.
Leaning over to kiss his mate, Steve then followed the sound to see his mother-in-law rocking his crying son.
“He has a name, Buck,” Steve growled out, walking past his brother to grab a beer from the fridge. Bastard must’ve smelled it on him.
"And as for this one," the man snarled at the teen who was trying to figure out if he realized she was awake or not. "I would've preferred killing his prodigy, but the little bitch will do," he said as the men laughed along with him.
Otherwise alone in the senior’s science lab, he was standing in front on his crush, Wade Wilson, who simply looked puzzled – and unbelievably adorable, be still…my beating heart – looking at the awkward junior not saying anything. Probably planning his escape route. Or the best way to kick my ass. He really, really hoped it was the former.
And so he slept.
That didn’t mean it didn’t freak him out from time to time, the thought that he was part of an actual happy family just, occasionally made him have mini panic attacks.
works for
Emerson looked at them for a long moment with a small smile. She didn’t even know marriage could be like this. Her experience only showed violence, hatred, betrayal. Not this playful banter, unconditional love thing they have going on. I really don’t deserve this, she thought to herself sadly as the movie started.
Steve tried not to take it too personally when Harley threw a small tantrum when he learned he and Tony were going to meet Steve’s family. It didn’t last long, but there was a pointed glare at Steve’s direction that was a lot harder to ignore.
“What did you say?” Danvers growled out, Nat materializing at her side as Tony felt his love for those girls grow. Ashley apparently was smarter than she looked, because she mumbled ‘nothing’ before turning to quickly walk away.
“Sweetheart, I’m not doubting your ability but this is adult stuff you just don’t understand yet,” Clint replied in a voice that didn’t sound like his own. He didn’t seem to mind Daci shifting off his lap and away from him, just kept staring at his hands on his lap.
“No. No it’s not. This –” she harshly pointed at the woman “– this, IMPOSTER is…my MOTHER. The woman who died of an overdose over eight years ago! The
Yes, she should’ve known better than to kick, cause that always inspired them to step it up. And it did, the blonde shifting one leg to raise her bare bottom to an even more embarrassing angle to target her sit spots.
Steve grabbed her around her waist to pull her onto his lap.
“Do you think...before I leave I could get a tour? If that’s not too weird. You just have a really beautiful home,” he amended, not wanting to sound like a creep.
[You’re right. I was lying. You should send me a picture of it to remind me ;) ]
"There was a perimeter breach as well as an attack on a neighboring country," T'Challa informed them as he immediately suited up and left. Tony turned to Steve who was already racing back to their room to change, shouting at Tony to go ahead - that he'd take the jet and Tony should fly ahead - promising he'd tell their kids the update.
“I’ve got some hard cider?” the woman offered with a smile. Joey looked for a long moment at her, part of her wondering if she even deserved to have this woman’s company.
“Please Cara??” the seven year old asked, affirming their exit.
He rolled his eyes moving to grab his wallet before they caught the blue folder. Tony felt Emerson freeze next to him, before they both moved to grab the folder. Clint was closer and quicker, able to hold it out of her reach with a smug smile.
“Thanks Pop,” Steve said with a blush, watching the woman leave to go get their pup.
STEVE
“I…” the blonde started before turning to his husband, “I trust Nat…and Ruth. We can deal with our frustrating daughter when we get back home. For right now, I’d like to go…outside. Do something more vigorous than walking along the beach…” he said as he began pacing around the living room area. Tony watched him for a moment, noticing his husband’s sudden build up of adrenaline and calculating whether the risk was worth it.
“Much better,” she added, earning a chorus of joy from the party planners.
“Tony,” Steve whimpered again as he stood up with Buck, leaning against his brother as the other Alpha led them to his car, Pappy’s shouts of encouragement following them. He could hear the sounds of people around them, but the voices were muted and mumbled together. “Buck what...what happened?” he asked when his mind was a little less foggy
“HEY!” he shouted as a hand suddenly gripped his bicep. He turned to see Steve standing next to him, no longer holding Joey. When he heard footsteps in front of him, his attention turned back to focus on who deserves a fist to the face.
However, he immediately rolled his eyes when she pretended to shoot him with her finger guns like the smug little brat she was.
“Say Pop, what are you guys planning for the big 2-0?” He turned to Wade before continuing, “they’re celebrating twenty years of marriage in a few weeks.”
“Yeah, hi, this is um…Steve Rogers?” he closed his eyes tightly at his verbal inabilities, “the paramedic?”
,” he emphasized, “I’ve loved you more and more than I thought possible. Even when you learned to roll
“Sir is currently sleeping in bed.”
Wade quickly returned the embrace before standing up, the two a little scared as Wade rocked the boy back and forth in his arms and shushed him gently. Peter moved to rub the boy's back, wondering if they should head back to the Tower early. It would mean cutting their day short, but they'd already eaten ice cream and visited a museum - so its not like it would make this a bad day.
“Right. Anyway, I’m happy to send her away if you want me to, Cap, just let me know.”
“Don’t call our children ‘parasites,’ Tony,” his husband said with an eye roll, though he didn’t move to separate the two.
not okay with her drinking. Regardless of the circumstances.” The brunette gave him a disappointed look, but ultimately nodded in response as they heard footsteps approaching. Joey made her way into the kitchen, hair damp from the shower as she accepted the cup Tony handed her, all the while avoiding looking at Steve. She moved to sit at the table and sipped her drink, sending a smile Tony’s way for adding creamer, as they heard more footsteps approach.
“Do you...do you have to go on
Had he seriously just asked him to prom?
“Thank you my love,” Steve beamed after the kiss before lowering himself back down into the pool. “This has been the best birthday ever.”
"You and me both, brother," he teased back, handing Joey over when she started reaching for her uncle. Steve obliged, adding a scoff before gently bringing her to his chest as she snuggled up under his neck. "You think Ma regrets having us? Even though she did it on her own?"
She rolled her eyes at that, hating the further implication of her childish state. “Yeah he uh…suggested calling you guys. Cause the nightmare was…was” she stopped speaking, powerless against uncontrollable tears.
“Good morning,” Tony said, voice cracked with sleepiness.
"Her tracker is moving, it's moving fast Steve," Tony said as he turned to look at the man. He grabbed a hold of his husband, the two flying off to follow whatever it was that was taking their daughter away from them.
“Yeah hot stuff, you got a problem with that?” he challenged with a raised brow, excited to see Steve’s blue eyes flicker in excitement. He pushed Tony back so they were both spread across the couch, careful not to put his full weight on the smaller man.
“Barney?!” Clint suddenly shouted in excitement, seeing his big brother sitting on the carpet playing with his pup. The shorter blonde ran over and tackled the vet, who he momentarily forgot was hospitalized several months ago.
"Poor Petey, stuck with this silly Papa and silly bubba," Clint teased, fondly shaking his head at the other blondes.
"I won't be, at least half the time, the other half will be with Wade," he turned to his Dad to reassure him after he dramatically threw his hands up in protest.
Finally.
"What's going on, you barely let us eat popcorn on the couch," she said with a suspicious look.
“Yeah, thanks Barney,” James said.
She was alone.
“That Stone kid the father?” Howard asked after a moment.
“Oh,” Daci said with a blush before turning to Steve curiously. “Steve do you have a middle name?”
happy you and Steve found each other. My…other dad,” she said with a smile, getting a laugh from the genius. “He’d be happy to have you as a brother-in-law. Not even just what you’ve done with Steve, but me too. We were…broken when you two met. And it’s like, you put us back together. I just want you to know…I loved my Dad and obviously I will never forget him, but I think he’d love knowing you took over the mantle.”
Steve felt himself soften at that, feeling exhausted from even
“But honestly, I love you so much I would take either.”
“I think she’d be less surprised if I got your name tattooed there.”
Then, they were greeted by a screaming toddler wearing only a t-shirt, also covered in flour, who ran straight into Steve’s legs.
After messing with JARVIS to give her a heads start, and using Tony’s voice to call and pay for a cab, she was on her way to her destination, ignoring the odd look from the cab driver. He didn’t comment though, so maybe he was just confused about a child traveling by themselves.
“Answer the question, Barnes,” Stark said instead, causing the assassin to turn to the man.
And the Osborn’s didn’t have a trusty AI that could alert emergency services for help.
In an instant, a sword appeared and cut off the hand holding the gun. He turned to see the man in red…and black, now sporting two samurai swords – one of which had just amputated a limb. The two silently turned their attention back to the thugs, working together to finish knocking out the now considerable amount of men that had gathered.
So it didn’t surprise him when she looked away first, tears in her eyes at the still curled up Peter. Not looking at the two of them, she carefully hopped down before walking past them towards the elevator. It wasn’t fair to her to treat their punishments as equals.
They’ll deal with this all later. Together.
“Just those who know you best,” Natasha reassured him, making Steve realize what he should probably do.
“It kind of is,” Steve returned.
"This is precious and all, but food's ready whenever you guys are hungry," Sam said with a smile, helping Nat out of the pool when the redheaded Alpha reached for his hand. Harley, immediately forgetting about his brother, jumped up off his Daddy's lap to run to the food.
Steve had joked with him that he’d be just as doting as his Pop if anything ever happened to Tony.
“What makes you so confident about that?”
Okay, maybe she could be selfish for a few more minutes.
“GOODBYE EMERSON!” he called back louder.
“But the most important reason is that I love you, Clint. I know we're young but...I don’t want any doubt in anyone’s mind that you belong to me. And I to you. We could go down to city hall right now to make it official, but I don’t want you to think for a second you’re not the one for me. The one I’ll always come home to.” Clint’s entire being filled with warmth, never having felt this truly loved or happy in his life.
Her mind drifts to her first social worker, Wendy, who spent about two hours trying to coax an answer out of the then eleven year old child. She promised a better life, told her how brave she was, explained to her how “witness protection” worked and how she would get a whole new name and a whole new life. But she didn’t want those things.
“I told Dad you guys have to sign a ‘no takesies-backsies’ document,” she said causing a chuckle from the blonde.
STEVE
But he was a man of his word, contrary to popular belief, and prepared to tell Steve that evening after Peter was asleep.
"Fine, of course you can have a kitten," the blonde said as he smiled at their girl. Said girl immediately moved around to hug the super soldier, much to the dismay of the billionaire.
"Miles, do you remember your letter from your Mama?" she asked.
Tony swung himself around – which wasn’t a very good idea – looking into the eyes of a very tired man. He leaned back against the counter, maybe out of necessity, using his hands to grip the counter top.
. It sounds like Steve was justified with freaking out, especially if she’s only sixteen,” Rhodey said as they two drank afternoon coffee out on Tony’s balcony.
She needs to leave before she is additionally scarred, he thought while wiping his nose. But that thought only made the anxiety drop like a boulder in his stomach, which in turn had Tony keeling over, arms wrapped around his stomach mumbling “not s’pposed to see m’ like this.”
“Do you two have any plans for tomorrow?” Tony asked, taking a moment to look at the teen behind him. Steve raised his eyebrows at Joey in question.
“Marcus, you take a few minutes as well,” she added. Tony begrudgingly took a sip to assure the man he wasn’t actually fired, and also avoided the “I told you so” look from Pepper.
Holy. Fucking. Fuckballs. He stared at the god of a teenager of a crush that is Wade Wilson in front of him. Walking towards Peter, hands in his jacket pockets after closing the door.
And she was complaining about
“No, it’s fine. Been around plenty of drunks in my life.” And...maybe Steve was just imagining things but it seemed like Tony looked at Steve’s lips when he said that. Almost as if he didn’t mind what Bucky said…
"Uh huh, and did you come in here to show him your books or throw around a dangerous weapon?" Steve asked with a brow raised, smiling when Miles' own smile broke from his face. Steve picked Miles up to rest him on his hip, giving him a quick kiss as they turned their attention back to the god.
And how well she really knew him.
“No, thanks I’m too old–” He literally had the nerve to scoff at that.
“Emerson, honey I’m going to take a picture of this – with your permission – to show your case worker… is that okay?” Tony had asked in a gentle tone, still in disbelief. She turned to give him a small nod before quickly grimacing at the cold ointment Steve had started to implement on her back.
“No no, I’m wearing it tonight, you just get to pick. I will say,” he added as he opened the box and put it on the bed next to Steve, “the purple one might be my favorite.”
He was too busy trying to keep a straight face, and the five year old suddenly noticed how fondly he was looking at both her
“Hey!” Steve shouted in offense, getting a laugh from Tony as he turned and watched his boyfriend pout but follow behind them. “You’re the one who taught me how to fish,” the blonde grumbled adorably.
“Yes, I knew we smelled differently. Yes, your father knows. Yes, I’m fine and yes, Harley, Pepper, Rhodey, Natasha and now Howard have all given me shovel talks. You have an amazing family that loves you. And I can’t wait for you to meet mine,” the Alpha purred in his ear as he wrapped an arm around the smaller man’s waist. Tony looked at him for a moment before leaning up to kiss him, fuzzy feelings in his chest when the Alpha pulled him closer and completed the hug.
“Fuck me,” Steve said in amazement.
“Sweetheart, what happened?” the brunette asked.
“Get your ass over here and explain to me why you snuck out to get an MIP,” he growled, feeling as though he was beginning to shake with rage.
“So it looks like you have nothing to worry about, Jo-bro. They got into a fight about an ex, but your dads are like, obnoxiously in love. Soul mates, probably. If you believe in that, not sure I do,” he admitted thoughtfully.
"Got it," Steve said quietly, cheeks blushed pink as he smiled at the love of his life. The two were drawn toward each other like magnets, kissing for several minutes before the brunette eventually pulled back.
“I’m so sorry, baby,” he heard his husband whisper in their boy’s hair, voice as broken as Steve felt. The super soldier moved a little as he felt Emerson lie herself to cuddle the other side of Peter, joining Tony in a hug sandwich. The blonde sat back, waiting for the three to settle comfortably before rubbing his son’s legs up and down – just as he had done when he was five and scraped his knee. Except this couldn’t be fixed with a bandaid. Peter’s first love died…and that is something that will continue to hurt him, though hopefully the pain will dull with time.
“Yeah, I’ve been saying he’s out to get me!” she whined, genuinely upset about that grade.
"Oh no I am not falling for that, but I'll grab you some of Tony's clothes as payment," Tati said before leaving the bathroom to grab some clothes.
A small, teeny tiny voice in the back of his mind asked if he was being rational, but a much louder and more viscous voice demanded retribution and revenge.
“Hi Steeb,” the boy in his lap replied with a small wave.
“I suggest you listen to my son and leave my grandbabies alone, or I’ll need to step in,” the older woman growled out - and honestly...if this wasn’t the same woman who baked cookies with Tony and showed him how to cross stitch...he’d be intimidated.
Joey couldn’t help it, a part of her still cared about Cara. She wished that part would just let her be, let her move on to the next girl to break her heart. Cara was a closeted coward, and Joey deserved better.
“I understand this isn’t voluntary for you, and for that – let me start off by apologizing,” she said which surprised Emerson entirely. She stayed silent as she stared incredulously at the shrink.
Tony sat there as he watched his husband stand up to apologize to her. She surprisingly walked into his embrace, the man hugging her tight as she released a few more cries. He whispered words of reassurance as Tony and the neurologist shared a knowing look of pain for this girl.
“Can we?” Harley asked, demeanor changing a little when he turned to the Alpha. “Can we Steve?” The hesitancy had the Alpha realize Tony wasn’t the only one who noticed the change in Steve since Peter was born.
“Would you like to bring my father into this?” she asked quietly, there were a few stragglers left in the hall and she didn’t really want them to hear her threatening her English teacher.
“…from smoking pot…” he finished quietly, watching his husband’s reaction.
“Guys? Help!”
“Not really,” Tony said sadly, “I have to go back home.”
“How old is she?”
"Thanks for the warning," Steve said with a shit-eating grin as he began to turn around and walk towards the showers attached to the gym. He turned around again to laugh at his husband, seeing him standing there pouting before moving to take his shirt off. He turned around and walked backwards again, starting to pull his sweatpants down as he winked at his husband.
“Hey Tony, hey Harley, good to see you guys again. Welcome to the nuthouse,” Bucky said with a grin, one arm wrapped around his mate.
bust? Kid, this is Hell’s Kitchen. Which is my jurisdiction. The better question is why the hell you’re pretending to be Spiderman.”
“Night Romeo, night crazy pants. Let me know if you need any more asses kicked,” he called as he walked away.
It took him an hour to find her, incredibly pissed to find her in a nearby back alley – drinking with some other teens.
,” she teased, even wiggling her eyebrows, getting a laugh from the guys.
“Hmm...excellent question. I was thinking goldfish crackers, and cookies? What are your thoughts?”
“Give me a few more weeks of physical therapy and I’ll be out of this stupid wheelchair in no time,” Sarah muttered.
“Yeah, of course I can help with that! That’ll be a sweet surprise for your Tati,” Steve said with a big grin as he rummaged through a drawer before bringing out a stack of paper and a box of crayons. He directed her back to the living room where they sat next to each other on the couch as the blonde pulled the coffee table closer to them.
hit on Steve and offered to take him to coffee…to apologize for hitting on him.
get lost in them.
.  “Guess Peter and I should go get dressed for whatever fancy place you guys plan on taking us to this evening,” turning to Peter as they made their way out of the lab.
“Yeah...yeah of course. I think your Daddy means we have to talk about when’s a good time you can meet him. Okay, bud?” Steve offered, hurt evident in his voice.
“Daddy!” the little boy cried as he ran to them, the two parting from each other as Tony easily caught the pup in his arms.
“Okay,” he heard his boy answer, his focus on helping his Papa make them all a snack.
Though Tony suspected they were going to adopt the twins soon, three year olds Wanda and Pietro, who were currently running circles around the pacing genius.
"The faster I can blow out these candles and eat cake, the faster I can get Xavier back for the cheap shot."
“Tony,” the blonde whimpered just as his cell phone rang. “Get it, Bucky please.” Still curled in on himself, he watched as his brother took his phone from his pocket and answered the call.
- and prayed she'd be smoother when she woke up.
"Go fast Joey! We can't have cake until you open them all," Peter said as he shoved the other gifts in her direction.
“I am sorry, though,” she whispered.
She hadn’t even noticed Tony leave or come back with a glass of water, gently placing it in her hands before saying, “drink this and try to get some sleep. You are more than welcome to raid the fridge, but right now I want you to sleep, okay? Peter introduced you to Jarvis, right?”
“What all are the cops charging him with?” he asked as Steve handed him a steaming cup.
“Yeah Stevie, did you not see my triple? Plus this means we’re undefeated, Mr. First-time-showing-up-at-my-game.” Steve knew the older teen was teasing, but it did nothing to ease the rock of guilt that had settled in his stomach. The air around them staled as the blonde’s face fell.
“When do I develop the mind reading powers Mama?” he asked, which got a chuckle from the older Omega.
“I mean…I still feel a little bit of emotional whiplash, but physically I feel great,” he said with a smile, turning back to his husband. The blonde, who looked equally exhausted, returned the smile before leaning over to kiss the brunette’s lips again.
“Bucky, in all seriousness, can you not find a single flaw in your partner?” the doctor asked, appearing by Bucky’s other side and offering a bag of ice. The super soldier gratefully accepted it, standing up and holding the ice to his nose as he considered the question.
“Here you are,” the blonde said, eyes only on Tony as he handed him one of the cups. The brunette realized later that he had taken it gratefully without even flinching...which was a first for him.
“And Sam, and Nat, and Clint, and Rhodes, and Pepper and May,” Tony said assuredly. Steve smiled and nodded, seeing where he was going with this. Fuck he loved this man, felt incredibly lucky to have him. Especially now when he needed him.
“Nope, enough, I don’t need to hear a single other word,” she said seriously, grabbing the hood part of Tony’s MIT hoody she had stolen and tightened it around her face in anguish.
"He's right actually, her magic is nothing compared to my OG skills," Pat said as the two hair dressers teasingly back talked each other. Steve snapped a few more pictures of his kids, wondering how his husband would react to the changes as he sent them to Pete.
His head shot up as…red white and goddamn blue eyes looked at her. She smiled before gently climbing into his lap. He was still in his Captain America uniform sans helmet and shield. He was simultaneously sweaty, itchy, and his belt dug into her thigh but she only tightened her arms around his chest.
Most of the time, he’d roll her crib in and sleep next to her to keep her safe. But sometimes Steve would build a little pillow-wall around her and curl up on the remainder of the futon. He didn’t trust himself not to squish her, as he’d recently gone through a little growth spurt, plus the little tyke could roll like a goddamn champ. It just always made him sleep easier knowing she was safe and close by.
“So I kept those flowers, and looked at them over the years whenever I felt sad. Cause it would remind me that true love and kindness existed out there in the world.”
“DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT YOU’VE DONE?!” he bellowed out, his
,” Clint whispered to himself, not ready to have this conversation. Lucky yipped and ran around Bucky in excitement, following his other owner as he went to stand in front of the blonde.
“What did I say about insulting my boyfriend?” James playfully growled above him, straddling the blonde as he pulled back to let Clint catch his breath. Lucky gave him a break at the same time, Clint suddenly noticing James shaking a toy at the pup to distract him.
“It’s not funny! This shit hurts,” she pouted as she rubbed her very warm bottom.
“Hey,” the baby said in offense. “I no baby.”
“See? No one hates anyone,” her Tati said as he gave her a quick kiss on her head and releasing her before standing up fully. “But apparently everyone needs adult supervision, so everyone to the kitchen to make cookies,” he added before lifting Morgan up into his arms, Harley and Peter already long gone back to the kitchen. She watched as he shifted Morgan to one arm, extending the other one to help the archer stand.
"Sup?"
“Fiiiine. What do you want to talk about sweet cheeks?”
“I’m Belle and Wade is Ariel.”
“Yeah, I guess I should be getting to work. Make sure you show Ma that video, she’ll love seeing how incredible her grandbaby is,” his brother said as he walked over to the two.
His one track mind took him to the elevator and then to Stark’s floor, frowning at the sound of laughter coming from the living room. Hovering in the doorway, he scanned the room, frowning more when he saw Steve wasn’t alone, but was surrounded by Stark, Banner and Romanov.
“Steve...did I ever tell you English wasn’t my first language?” Tony asked, causing the blonde to feel even more lost.
He unfroze after a moment, instincts coming in as the Omega raised the pup to lay high up on his chest closer to his scent gland.
“Thank you sweet boy,” Tony crooned as he walked around to kiss the boy’s head.
She further surprised everyone by planting a foot firmly on his injured area before leaning down to threaten him.
“Oo!” Emerson exclaimed. “What’s a party like on Asgard?!”
He was of course excited that his love would finally get to meet his little brother, he was just still skeptical from earlier today.
Speaking of, Harley and Bucky swam over to them as Steve handed Peter to Clint.
“I’ve never even seen this bottle?” Steve asked in confusion.
“I think Francis is my favorite.”
“Run that by me again?” he asked, cause there’s no way she said what he thought she said.
“Oh please,” she said in disbelief.
“Have you got to meet Peter, bambino?” Maria also asked as she joined her Alpha next to Tony.
at least
Tony’s eyes bulged as his face lit up in excitement.
"Okay! I give Papa I'll stay!" Harley cried out, pushing against Steve's face and wiggling in his grasp as the Alpha continued his assault. Trying a different tactic to get away from the Alpha, Harley reached his little arms towards Tony, who instinctively reached for his oldest. "Daddy help!" Harley laughed as Tony pried the boy from Steve's arms, lifting his son up out of the water and settling the wet boy on his lap to let him catch his breath.
“Why don’t I take a look at the bruise–” Steve began as he extended a hand out to her.
She eventually came to terms that her Dad was gone. Didn’t necessarily make it hurt any less, of course. But the nightmare of losing both at the same time?
Tony wordlessly grabbed the food in one hand and Steve in the other and made their exit - not looking back even though he wanted to. But the kiss Steve brought him into once they were outside made him forget all about it.
“Aw, come on Wade! I thought you’d be on my side in all this!” Miles whined out.
“What’s not okay, buttercup?” he heard Tony ask patiently.
“Ashley?” Steve tried again. “Sweetheart you’re safe, okay? We’re…just watching you for the day. Your uh…parents – Kimberly and Robert”
Bucky thought to himself,
She had finished her bachelors in business at one of Wakanda's universities and was about to walk across the stage. She had seen her family fairly frequently over the last four years, though mostly through video chat. They had visited twice and paid for her to come home once, but this'll be the first time they'd seen in each other in person in...almost a year and a half.
He had just finished his patrol, sitting on top of a building looking at the horizon when he noticed his phone buzzing. He checked it and instantly panicked - he had several voicemails from his Pops.
“Six and a half, Ty. Now I’ll ask you again, what the fuck are you doing here?” Tony asked with his arms crossed over his chest. Instead of answering, Ty looked behind the Omega and spotted the pup.
“You think that fucker had something to do with this?”
“See you tonight, Buck,” Steve said with a smile and a wave.
“Emerson, we don’t find any joy making you think or talk about what has happened. Steve and I don’t secretly giggle to ourselves at our own
“Yes?” she asked, still under the blanket.
"Well, as long as you admit that
“Oh,” Daci said with a small smile as she eyed where to sit. “Thank you Peter.”
“Tony, darling, you’re looking lovely as always! How have you been?” The Alpha practically purred out, looking the same except now sporting a full beard.
“Alright kiddos, what should we start with?” Tony asked as he returned with blankets draping them over the other kids before settling himself down in his previous spot.
Steve felt his eyes get misty, soaking in his friend’s words and letting them wash over him.
His tone sounded much nicer now, almost fond.
His Alpha positively beamed when their peanut kicked again.
Bucky watched the blonde’s shirt ride up when he leaned over and took that opportunity to touch the exposed skin. He held the sign for
, he bitterly thought as he pretended to listen to Fury’s hologram give them a run down for what was happening in Australia. His son had just lost the love of his life two days ago. He was depressed and needed his dads, who were currently on a plane three hours from their destination. He didn’t listen to his gruff old friend’s voice as his heart ached for his son.  He barely registered Steve responding, lost in his own thoughts. Didn’t even notice they’d stopped talking and had ended the conversation until he felt a tight grip on his bicep, bringing him back to the present.
Cause this was better than any fairy tale.
“Deal,” Steve said with that shit-eating grin. Buck rolled his eyes, knowing that little shit better than that and opted to have fun while on babysitting duty. So, you know, not very different than every other day in his life.
“Bye Daddy.” “Bye Tony.” The two blondes were quiet after Steve hung up the phone, the older one wondering if he should go start on the soup and leave the pup alone.
“Well, you could try apologizing…”
“Why must your instructors insist on using trivial things that will not be implemented in your adult life?” he asked, exasperated. She chuckled at his frustration, momentarily wondering the same thing.
Peter snuck around the adults to offer his new sister a hug. She smiled hesitantly, before closing the gap and joining his hug. Peter looked up, noticing Mr. Hoggs glaring at him, before offering him his middle finger. Before he could offer any kind of comeback, Peter whirled the pair around, arms around Emerson’s shoulders, leading her out of the government building.
Steve looked up and smiled at the genius. Tony returned the smile before bending down to kiss his husband. He wrapped his arms around his neck and kissed his cheek a few times as he looked puzzled at the lump.
“That was like twenty years ago and you are so much hotter than Brad Pitt now!” Tony said with a small whine. Joey used that opportunity to pick off some chicken to dip in the sauce and taste, humming in happiness before Steve caught her in the act.
“Tony…” Steve said, causing the two brunettes to turn and collectively pout at the blonde. He immediately caved. The Stark pout was another kryptonite of the blonde’s.
The day of Bucky’s graduation, Clint was basically avoiding him. Neither of them had acknowledged the next step in all of this, though they both knew what had to happen.
"It's just, you're a princess and I wasn't sure you even liked girls -" her rambling was interrupted by Shuri's lips connecting with hers, sparks flying as the taller woman gently wrapped her arms around the teen in embrace and kept kissing her. After another moment, the princess gently looked back and smiled at Emerson, grabbing her hand as she led them out.
“I was…but now I’m not so sure,” he answered honestly. Those brown eyes stayed locked on his, Tony only offered a half-smile in return. Then the brunette scoffed before rolling over on the bed, backing up into Steve to be the small spoon.
“Thanks for the tip,” Tony groaned out, choosing to lie on the floor as Wanda walked over and gently climbed on his chest.
“Perhaps I shall take you, young Emerson, so you shall see for yourself,” the god of thunder offered. Steve rolled his eyes, knowing exactly where this was going.
“No, Poppy! I wan’ be a p’incess!” the tiny blonde said with a frown, giving Miles enough time to get away from the other tiny monster attacking him. The teen stood up off the couch and joined the others looking at the tablet, even as Lilli sat there pouting at him.
Jo suggested the hoop competition, agreeing easily as Pete cheered from the sidelines. Not a lot of people knew this, but Tony was an excellent point guard and loved playing the game. This however, did not stop the teenager from whipping his ass. He tickled Peter to get him to stop gloating on her behalf, hoisting him onto his shoulders as he led the three away to the ferris wheel, already done with this game.
?” Tony asked in offense, pulling away from the blonde and starting to walk towards Steve’s bedroom door. He turned and watched the blonde follow him and open the door like the gentleman he knew he'd be.
“I have something I need to tell you. I just figured it out and...I just needed you to know…”
"You didn't answer our question, little man," her brother spoke up. "Can we adopt you or what?" She watched her little brother turn to nod and smile at
“And yet I won’t.”
“I’ll get your coffee ready, come meet us in the living room,” her Dad said with a fond chuckle, patting her on the back before leaving her room.
“I like her,” Wade said with a bright smile, as if this entire thing hadn’t been a complete disaster.
“Oh my god, Steve,” Tony growled out, putting the picture to the side and attacking his boyfriend with his lips. Steve laughed as Tony pushed him back, crawling on top of him and continuing his attack.
“At least stay for a few minutes, it’ll be a good distraction.” Emerson’s smiled dropped as she looked confusedly at Steve, before her face turned to anger. She closed her eyes and clenched her fists before continuing.
Whoever it is, it won’t be Steve.
Unfortunately, due to the pounding of blood in his ears and his lack of vision from screwing his eyes shut, he didn’t notice the super soldier slowly coming in behind him. He nearly pissed himself when the soft, “Tony” was said with a familiar Brooklyn accent.
Em took this opportunity to steal a glance at Peter, who had a grin back at her, before nodding towards the empty couch still up for grabs. With a silent agreement the teenagers had hauled themselves up onto the long stretch of the couch, laying their bodies out as far as they could reach, turning to Steve to offer a challenge.
“What I can’t just drop by and say hi to my daughter?” he asked skeptically.
“You…live with homosexuals?” the zombie asked suddenly disgusted.
On nights like these, where it was just him and Jo, he liked having her close when he slept. They didn’t live in the best neighborhood, and he loved the little one too much to not sleep in the same room as her. He’d sleep in Bucky’s bed, but the futon was bigger and he had growing pains that required stretching out.
Tony gently sat on the bed next to her and shook her awake.
“I love you too,” Clint whispered against his lips, wrapping his arms tightly around the taller teen. James eagerly returned the embrace, pressing kisses to the blonde’s cheeks and temple. “
“There was an altercation earlier in regards to your personal life. Let me say right now for the record, I don’t give two shits what you do outside of work as long as it doesn’t negatively reflect our city.” Steve cast his eyes downward, waiting for the other to shoe to drop.
“Harley, baby...that was your birth father,” Tony answered after a moment, holding his breath as he watched his son’s face scrunch up in confusion.
“I’m kidding! Obviously. You’re smart,” James said as he leaned in to kiss him, stopping just before their lips touched to say, “for a blonde.” Clint immediately shoved him before an idea popped into his head. Before his boyfriend could retaliate - he pinched around the back of the brunette’s neck until James shrieked with laughter.
“Son?” Tony choked out, smiling at the beautiful boy in his husband’s arms. His hands reached out before drawing back, unsure. But his husband sensed his hesitancy, extending his arms and helping Tony gently transfer the boy to cradle in his arms.
“Jo, seriously, I am so sorry I wasn’t there for you,” Xavier apologized for the fourth time.
She shook her head in confusion and smiled a little when she heard him chuckle at that.
But as those bitches reminded her – “you used to sell your own body! What’s wrong with telling us about the orgy they use you for?” between giggles – it was at this point she had grabbed her stuff and left, calling Happy for the ride and hoping Tony was home.
“I was born here, but spent the first few years of my life in Italy with my mom. We moved back when I was four. And you see...I didn’t speak English very well…” he paused in his story, causing Steve to look up at expectant eyes - as if he was supposed to guess the ending.
Steve had come back from a run to the store, alarmed to see an unfamiliar car parked in front of his house. His in-law’s car was parked next to Tony’s, since the two had come for lunch but he didn’t recognize the ugly sports car out front.
That was a ring. Like a real ring. And James was down on one knee.
“Mhmm?”
Her family blessedly remained quiet as she felt her Pops sit behind her and gently rub her back. The family of four sat in silence for a few moments longer before her Pop’s interest piqued.
Steve’s face softened. He gave her a small smile before turning to his unconscious husband. “I understand, thank you for telling me.” He turned back to her with a bigger smile, “why don’t you go get washed up and you can help me make some banana oatmeal pancakes?” She smiled brightly before exiting, glad she didn’t cause any turmoil.
“Goodnight, Jo,” he said as he grabbed the door to close.
“Yeah, of course babe I’ll go right now.”
“When I’m ready,” the blonde sneered back.
“Oo oo ah ah!” the boy said, waving his arms around and puffing his small face out. The blonde couldn’t help but chuckle at the adorable pup.
“So this is the guy who got into a fight with Sam, right?” Tony asked for clarification as Steve nodded in response.
“Where Daddy go?”
“His girlfriend made him do it,” Steve answered with a huff, confusing the genius a little. They hadn’t even met the woman yet, and other than taking some time away from his daughter, he wasn’t sure why Steve was so against their union. Bucky didn’t seem to notice, however, just a bashful smile as he ran his hand through his short hair.
if you think I’d let you go.” He laughed along with his daughter, helping her extract herself from the blankets.
“We should bring Steve some food at his station.” Tony turned to her with a confused expression as they drove out of the school parking lot.
After one more song, of course.
"It's your birthday Thumper, your Pop and I aren't that cruel," her Dad said as he settled on the couch next to her. Her Pop helped pass out the plates before unveiling what he had cooked.
“Daciana?” he called out, fear beginning to spread in his chest as he looked around her room. “Daci?” he called again, checking her little side bathroom and closet before frowning at seeing it empty as well. When he went back to her bedroom, he noticed Wolf was tucked into her bed. “JARVIS?”
“CLINT WAS SHOWING IT TO US –” 	“I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR HIS ACTIONS –”
“Hi bi…I’m…gay,” he said, finding himself smiling at the words finally spoken aloud…and then quickly joining in on her laughter. The door to the closet suddenly opened revealing Clint, who looked confused at the two laughing in a closet.
“Oh you are just like your Daddy,” Steve said as he kissed the boy loudly on the cheek before gently placing him back on his feet. The boy giggled some more before standing in front of the man and doing his best Tony impression – which was pretty damn good.
“Hour and a half to be safe,” he said more clearly, smiling brightly at Steve. He returned the smile, gently patting Peter’s head before leaving to find her.
“Hey,” Tony squawked indignantly, wiggling his body to free his pinned arms. “Unhand me you brute!” Wrong choice of words, if Steve’s suddenly predatory grin was anything to go by.
Wade had a smile plastered on his face and Peter had to roll his eyes at the man a moment later when he pulled his phone out to snap a picture of the two.
“Go upstairs and shower before you sweat over my calculations,” Tony said dismissively between a mouthful of the creampie...which could easily spill onto said ‘calculations’ and got Steve to quirk a brow back at the genius. It was of course at that moment that a glop of filling spilled onto the worksheets.
“Steve! You made it! So who lost the rock-paper-scissors game?” Stark asked, looking at Steve but throwing a nod to Buck. Steve immediately turned and pointed at Buck, as if just saying his name wasn’t simple enough.
Her first meeting with her new therapist was in six minutes. She tapped her foot nervously next to her Pop, sitting next to him in the waiting area of the mental health clinic. She was glad he was with her (especially after that awesome sparring lesson this morning). But right now he was talking to an elderly man and his wife – both big fans of Captain America. She kept her eyes from rolling at his Captain voice, thanking them for their patronage. He turned back to her after the couple left, smile dropping when he saw her foot tapping.
"Bubba!" Peter said again, giggling as the group cheered in excitement.
He took a moment to mock glare at the witch slash detective, wondering if he was ready to actually answer that question. Tony had explained gently that this relationship would be led by Steve, he gets to steer how publicly this will all go. At least, what they both had actual control over. Tony helped him feel more comfortable in his own skin, which made Steve feel more feelings than he thought possible for another person. It was followed by a lot more sex – as Tony had proclaimed he was a man of his word. But Natasha was his friend, and maybe he owed her the truth.
“Emerson Rogers Stark that is not something to joke about,” the blonde said evenly.
He opened the door and the woman he’d seen pictures of was standing there waiting. However, this woman was significantly older looking. Probably from all the years of hate.
"My love, that isn't how medication works. It's extremely dangerous to quit medications cold turkey like that. Like having
He realized in the last few minutes, all he wanted was Clint.
“Alright,” Steve confirmed, “then…it’s a date.” Tony’s smile grew as he nodded a goodbye and walked back to his car. He caught Steve staring, laughing a little before getting in.
But they weren’t…they didn’t understand.
Tony squawked out a laugh when Steve reached around to squeeze his cheeks, the two immediately parting when they heard their son loudly approach them.
at 3am after putting me through 16 hours of labor. She had her father’s eyes and her mother’s…stubbornness,” she finished carefully.
He walked slowly, heart racing as he followed the path.
Steve was funny and charming. And sweet. He suggested a picnic in the park for their first date - even invited Harley along. But as much as he loved his son, Tony wanted
He can still remember the Alpha’s face when he told him.
“Do you know how great you are? Like, seriously? Most five year olds are horrible and loud little monsters, but you?” she said as she added kisses on top of his head. “You are so sweet, and kind, and generous – which is the opposite of spoiled. You could’ve been a spoiled brat, in fact given who your Daddy is…you
"So have you thought of a name yet or are you waiting until you meet the gremlin?" Tony asked the girl practically dancing on her feet. Before Emerson could answer, his husband spoke up.
“Um, before you do that. You should probably know, Tony got drunk last night.”
"Yeah, that's what I thought," the brunette said smugly as he wiped his hands on the closest towel. He walked quickly out of the lab to find his distressed little boy.
Steve snorted in laughter, covering his mouth with his hand when a passing couple gave him a look in disapproval.
“Very much, kiddo.”
His heart broke a little when he saw Harley’s eyes water.
“CLINT!” Suzie screamed before opening the back door. “Come onnnnnnnnnnnn,” the little girl whined out before coming over and throwing herself on top of the two teens.
"She'll say Granddaddy eventually," Helen assured him as she placed the diaper bag behind the couch.
“You checked your bag you brought?” Steve asked, attention to their son.
Steve just looked up with his bright blue eyes, smiling a little. “What would I lecture you about, kiddo?”
people,” she said with a wink at her Pop. The man rolled his eyes before responding.
“Yeah Pop! Can I just…poop in peace?” That caught him off guard, and even resulted in a little snort from the man.
“We didn’t exactly plan for that, in my defense,” Steve said with his one hand raised before finishing off his drink. He loved his babies to death, but he and Tony were still adjusting to being responsible for three small kids after only thirty days of gaining custody of them.
“Can’t wait,” the Omega said with a blushing smile. Steve looked at them a moment longer before turning around to continue his run. The errands quickly flew out of his mind as he instead decided to run home and tell his brother the good news.
Joey quirked a brow before saying, “I thought you knew the Stark family? Didn’t you know we’re all raging homosexuals?” And then Helen laughed, and Joey knew she was a gonner.
The alter ego vigilante? He was not a fan. Like, he legitimately
“Figured I’d compromise,” the blonde said as if it was obvious, closing the gap between them to give his husband the kiss he deserved. He used his strong arms to hoist the smaller man into his arms, not caring if his undershirt got ruined as Tony laughed in delight.
“If you guys fill up on Uncle Miles then you won’t have any room for ice cream,” his Dad said in a sing-song voice as he stood up off the couch. The arachnid sent a glare to both his parents, since the blonde one was currently molesting the brunette.
, he thought to himself,
“What?” she barely managed between laughs, “What were you just watching on YouTube, dear Fathers?”
“No! No disrespect to Ruthy-poo, but he’s mine. I’ve got genetic dibs.”
after all of this.
He had a jagged piece of metal sticking out of his ribs.
date with that woman. She begrudgingly followed him to Stark’s floor, confused by the arguing she could hear coming from the living room.
“Steve I promise I haven’t had any alcohol!”
With that new information, she quickly undressed but hesitated when her foot hovered above the water. Taking another breath, she put one foot down until it touched the bottom of the tub, feeling confident with the amazing way the water felt against her leg. With one more deep breath, she gently, but quickly, she climbed in and sat down in the tub before she could lose her confidence. She smiled when her father let out a laugh, seeing him watching her with a proud face and holding several rubber duckies.
He knocked on her closed door and waited for her permission to enter.
“–nor should you, because I’m suing your ass and seeing to it you never teach again,” Tony snarled as he stepped closer to the man, never breaking eye contact. Mr. Jefferson had about four inches on her Dad, but that didn’t stop the man from cowering in front of him.
She was disappointed in herself thinking of Xavier.
“No. Now get back to it, we have twenty minutes before we need to get ready,” he said confidently while he wiggled his hips.
“This time, he got me,” he barely heard her whisper and whimper against him, feeling her small frame shake in his grasp.
“Dad what the fuck?” she laughed at him, still in amazement of that verbal ass-kicking.
The therapist he has now seen twice taught him that.
After a moment he pulled away, releasing James’ wrists as he sat back on his lap, still straddling his legs.
“Yeah she’ll be okay; bump on the head and a few scratches. And don’t worry, I won’t take you to a regular hospital,” he said with assurance as he scrolled through his phone to find the number. “SHIELD will help you out while keeping your identity sec–”
ate means meeting the bare minimum. She’s saying I’m an
“She’s twelve!” he yelled at the teen, who flinched back in response.
As she was walking, she followed the sounds of singing, recognizing Italian as the language as she made her way to the bathroom.
"You wanna hold her? She's super cuddly after her nap," Buck said with a smile as he held her against his chest.
“Honeybear?” Tony asked, getting up and following his boys to hug the man. “Why didn’t you tell me you were in New York? And how long do we have you for?”
“C-Clint?” Bucky asked in shock, further confused by the simple eye roll the one eyed man gave him.
“Hey, sorry we’re late! We’re here we’re here!” Clint shouted, interrupting his train of thought as he and his family rushed into the waiting room.
“Haven’t you two teamed up against me enough?” the grown man said with a pout as Nat turned into the driveway.
“There you are!” Bucky returned the enthusiasm, squatting down and reaching his arms out to invite her in for a hug.
"You must be Miles," T'Challa said as he squatted down to Miles' level, smiling as the kid nodded in response. "Welcome to Wakanda, youngest Stark." Miles stuck his hand out in greeting, the adults laughing as T'Challa returned the gesture of greeting. The King stood back up and faced Peter and Emerson, smiling and nodding to the two he had met previously.
“Mhmm. He was a million times worse than you, let me tell you,” she threw a wink at Buck, who rolled his eyes at the woman. “Your Daddy got into trouble a lot when he was your age. One time, he cracked all of my eggs under the dining room table while I was folding laundry,” she said, smiling when the girl in her arms giggled at that.
“We’ll talk about it bambino. But Steve’s right, we should get going,” Tony said, unable to help the sneer he threw his ex’s way.
“She said…
Bruce even helped him begin studying in college classes, though they often argued mechanical engineering versus biomedical being the better major.
“Shouldn’t I be Cher?” Steve asked. “I’m taller.”
“Shush and accept the hug from your Papa,” he said with a smile as she squirmed in his grasp, even reaching a hand up to push his face away.
PETER
"Hey! I'm not a skunk!" Miles said quickly in defense.
She sat on a chair near the pool, waiting for everyone to come when she was joined by the kid she’d just been thinking about.
The lights were dimmed; it was spacious without being too empty. There was a long leather couch across from a comfy looking computer chair. She made her way to sit on the couch, not bothering to ask where she should sit.
Her brain, still in shock, still hadn’t connected the dots until the figure took the mask off.
“Clever girl,” he said fondly as his man simply laughed, sprawled across Steve’s chest.
“She has no legal rights, right? She can’t take her from us?” his husband whispered.
The three made their way back to the Tower, stopping at the entrance.
“Izzy-bee! Lilli-bear!” the vigilante said in equal excitement as he squatted down to accept the hug from their toddlers. Peter remained sitting as he looked at the scared boy glancing around their house, as if to expect it all to come crashing down around him any second.
“I’m...fine Sourpatch. How have you been?” he asked as he finished with the two lattes, handing the one without vanilla to Rhodey. The Lieutenant Colonel just stared at him, not grabbing his cup while Tony gladly inhaled half of his own. “What?”
"I totally give you permission to name your first child after me."
“What? I...I don’t...I don’t even like dudes! He just...pissed me off!” Not only had he always only been attracted to girls (which was an interesting conversation to have, coming out as straight to his two gay dads), but he hadn’t even seen his face! How could he have a crush on someone he couldn’t see? “I think I’m getting somewhere with-” Miles caught himself, looking at his niece and nephews and remembering Peter’s rule about only the three knowing about Miles being Spiderman, “-that...research project at the library. And he just swooped in and stole my thunder!”
“No, actually this is perfect. Bucky, thanks for volunteering to babysit!”
“What do I do? He’ll come over here when he sees I’m not there!” she said frantically, adrenaline helping sober her up. But then there was a knock at the door.
“I don’t know...maybe both? I don’t appreciate how blase she was about me having a younger sister…”
“Why? I’m not, apparently you shut her down in public? How did I not hear about that?”
Steve was caught off guard when she suddenly turned to Steve to ask, “and did you like that Steve? When he called you Papa?” Steve’s confusion intensified when Peter’s eyes screwed close, a small smile forming around his lips as he said, “you’re such a dork.” Emerson’s gaze never left Steve’s, waiting for an answer.
“I was going for dramatic effect, Dad,” Miles said as he sighed heavily, reminding him so much of Tony it made him laugh. “Also it should be noted I am technically the only queen. Meaning I have reigning superiority.”
remember? I was the sober one-”
He was taking his time…which usually meant one thing.
The super soldier let out a laugh when Harley face planted into the mat for his rendition of a somersault, glad to see his toddler just giggle and pull himself up again. Peter showed off his cartwheel, which got Daci trying to do one. Steve watched with a fond smile before deciding he wanted to do a handstand himself, craning his neck when he heard his daughter giggle in his direction.
“I...I am Spiderman! And stop calling me kid,” Miles said with a pout, not really arguing his own case. “I have the suit and the abilities, what makes you think I’m not-”
He wrapped his arms around her, bear hugging his kid who didn’t return the embrace. The father further worried about his daughter.
“Wait...Tony…” Steve said, wiggling his arms that were pinned under Tony's legs.
“What? That’s not how it works!” Peter said in offense before he looked toward his Pops. The man just shrugged his shoulders and smiled fondly as Peter rolled his eyes.
She and Miles had changed quickly and snuck off to look at Shuri's lab, the eighteen year old keeping her phone close to join them whenever the rest of her family finished getting ready. They were the only two in the lab, careful to not touch anything when they heard a siren go off. She got a text from her Pop, telling her to keep her and her little brother safe, as the others were suddenly called to action just outside the country.
“May I have this dance?” the blonde asked, hand extended. Tony didn’t even look at Bruce, though he felt his gentle nudge, before grabbing Steve’s hand and following him. The timing was damn near perfect, as at that moment the music switched to a slow, love song.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a few run away…in the direction that his sister had gone. He moves to follow them, unaware that a large man had joined the opposing side. The giant man quickly grabs Peter’s leg as he began to swing up high. He brings him down hard, slamming his body down on the pavement.
“Why don’t you start? Did you always want to be a spoiled celebrity?”
“He reminds you of Wade,” she concluded quietly. He only nodded in return. “I’m sorry Pete that’s….that’s gotta be tough for you,” she whispered as she looked down at the floor.
“-I’m not a mutant and I never said I was a hero. And if you want to tell them,” the man said before whipping around and facing Miles, “be my guest.” Miles stared at him for a moment, wondering how he was able to call his bluff when the other guy just smirked at him.
Since the incident with his biological father, Leo’s been hot and cold with Peter. And if he really thought about it, mostly cold.
“She’s also been in her room for an hour and hasn’t come out,” the blonde pointed out.
[Nice try though]
“Tony,” Steve growled, confusing Daci further.
,” Steve said, putting a little of his Voice into it to return the favor. Plus a part of him knew his mate was teasing him and Steve was a troll at heart. Cause while Steve was behind a desk gathering his things, he knew Tony was in a room with other people judging by the background noise.
“Hey,” the blonde greeted with a smile, “what are you doing here?”
“I’m…I’m sorry I should –” she reached out to grab her things, intending to stand up and run out of there, but Steve was a highly trained super soldier and put his hand on her bag before she could grab it.
“Since about the second time I met your mom,” Tony admitted, looking somewhat guilty for keeping that secret from him. For that long. “She told me the story of when she knew you were gay and I was going to tell you! But then I thought I’d save it for the right time. Which is now, apparently, you ridiculous man.” Steve could do nothing but chuckle at the insult, blinking back happy tears.
“Well...then I’m happy for you bambino. But I need to hear more about this young man. What does this Alpha do for a living?”
“-There’s nothing for him to know!” he snapped at her, causing her to flinch. “I...shit I’m sorry. Look none of this is your fault. And it’s not something you should look into, either. This is adult stuff and I’m sure if you gave Vivienne a chance then-”
was a spoiled brat, and trust me – you are a much better kid than I was.” His smile grew when Peter actually giggled at that.
“You okay?” his boyfriend asked when he pulled back, causing Tony to playfully roll his eyes.
“Steve isn’t stupid you guys, it probably felt really right to him,” Sam, ever the mediator, spoke up on the other Alpha’s behalf.
“DAD. SERIOUSLY,” Joey grumbled, grabbing plates to pass out among the four of them.
He hesitated, wondering if Steve was the better man for this job, double guessing if she’d even want comfort right now. Tony never even met the guy, so how could he help her remember the man to calm her down?
“I wan’ go, Seeb,” she said, giving him her best puppy eyes.
Which had Clint gasping in laughter and momentarily wondering how the fuck he knew that was one of his tickle spots. He finally pulled his hands away to grab James’ wrists before yanking them to move above his head, now curled over the delicious body below him and able to kiss his lips.
They decided to meet the Starks first, get the less accepting parents out of the way. Also meeting asap before Tony’s scent changes.
"Thor's on his way to meet Miles and he's bringing Loki," the genius said as he walked around the man to take another look at his ass. Steve couldn't help but smile at his ridiculous husband and rested his hands on his hips, waiting for the brunette to look back at him.
“Seriously? JARVIS can you ask Daci to come up here, please?”
It reminded her of when she was little and sick and her Dad would stay home to make her feel better. She always ended up with her head in his lap while he stroked her hair as they watched cartoons together. Poor Steve, one time her Dad had to work so he stayed with her. She was so sick, she was throwing up everywhere and had horrible diarrhea. The memory made her laugh as she felt Steve stop petting her for a moment.
STEVE
“I was showing him what HYDRA taught me,” she explained quietly, shrinking further into herself when the older brunette shut his eyes tightly.
“I love you, Steve.”
“Close the door,” Nat encouraged as his confused expression scrunched his face up more, closing the door behind him and crossing his arms over his chest. Natasha looked over at Steve, giving him the opportunity to decide how they’d answer. He smiled back at her before turning back to Clint.
“If it was as good as your Ma’s you won’t need all that extra stuff.”
“Uncle Thor!” Peter exclaimed before running over to the god of thunder and jumping into his arms.
She couldn’t voice this – still feeling like she was limp from exhaustion – as she felt Tony gripping her harder to help Steve finish. She heard mumbles as one of them spoke in a soothing tone. The pain in her hand faded magically as she felt herself relax again in his embrace. So much so that she lost the fight against consciousness and fell back asleep.
He pushed her math homework aggressively across the table, his anger dissipating when the papers fell onto the floor from the momentum. She threw her head back and laughed as he offered apologies before picking her papers up – stacking them neatly before gently placing them back on the table.
. You might want to watch your back,” he threatened before quickly storming out.
“-Buck! Stop and just breathe. You are not failing your kid. She is safe, and happy and just needs to keep learning. Including good touch vs bad touch. Which, just to clarify, we’d all be happy to help out with.”
“Love you too,” Wade said back with a smile, bringing Peter back into a hug.
“It’s Wade,” Emerson said quietly, “he died in combat. His friend said he saved thirteen civilians before…dying in an explosion.” She winced at her last words, when Peter’s cries increased.
“Hey, Pepper thas-not cool. His robots aren’t stupid,” the equally drunk but very calm patient said.
She was only five, but recognized that HYDRA were hoping the Avengers would come for her.
He woke up one stupid school morning and rushed to the bathroom to make it to the toilet in time to throw up. The genius’ mind immediately went to pregnancy, because holy shit morning sickness and when was the last time he’d had his heat and HOLY SHIT WAS HE PREGNANT?
The super soldier scanned his son’s body for injuries, still confused why he was making those heart-wrenching noises.
Fairytales weren’t real.
“I thought you had to work,” Steve said as he moved to take off his pants. He left his t-shirt and boxers on before he made his way over to his love, climbing in bed next to him.
“Nice to finally meet you both! When Stevie told us that not only had he found the perfect Omega, but that the cutie came with a pup and a soul bond we thought he was pulling our leg! I’m so happy you’re real,” the other Alpha said with a teasing wink, making Steve’s cheeks flush pink in embarrassment as his Pop pulled his Omega into a hug.
“I’m sorry Harley, I know you were looking forward to hanging out with your father. But on the bright side you get to come to work with me!” Steve said, trying and failing to make a joke. “I mean, I work part time at my Grandpa’s boxing gym. We’ll head there until your Daddy gets off work.” The rest of the short ride was silent before Steve parked his truck.
want to do this. Not like this, not when you’re about to have a pa-”
But his shame and embarrassment got the better of him, thanking the man before heading home to finish the rest of his joint.
"Mr. Independent is right," his Dad added as Peter laughed and saw his Pop's eyes roll. Emerson laughed as well and continued just watching silently.
“I wanna be with Daddy,” the pup answered quietly.
“Sorry Barnes, Strange said it was a combo of blunt force trauma and exposure to a different smell. How are you feeling?” Stark asked as his armor retreated off Bucky.
“And then…then I want you to think long and hard about this relationship,” he choked out the last words.
“Your wife will be back in eight months you dramatic child. She went to save billions of lives and help your Uncle Thor out. And I seem to remember her explicitly saying you weren’t allowed to mope around here without her. You just got your Master’s! Use it! Pepper said SI was excited for you to come back. You cannot just sit here and sulk for the next eight months.”
He shook his head smugly as he decided to curl up with the boy in the living room. The couch was always better for cuddling, anyway.
“Well, I didn’t think we broke up. I thought we had a fight. Which...you had a good point in.”
"Emerson," Tony said pointedly before nodding to her, encouraging her to continue.
“You’re our babies,” Tony said, “and you’re grounded so…listen to your father.”
“What? I thought your parents died?” he asked as he finished the rest of the drink before placing the cup on his bedside table.
“Congratulations Steve,” Clint said, smiling with pain behind his eyes. Luckily Bucky quickly caught on as he approached his mate.
Men shouted around him and that’s when Miles decides now’s a good time to bounce. He had no idea how to explain his bloody clothes and zero injuries. What’s important is that Harry will live.
“Yay, mons’ers!” Lilli piped in as she took her brother’s place on Steve’s lap. The blonde leaned down to kiss the tiny brunette’s hair, smiling as he heard Leo agree to the new term.
“There’s already a Father’s Day, Pete.”
“You’re a great sister, Emerson. I’ll help you figure it out,” pulling away a moment later to smile at her. She gave a small smile back, reaching out to take the towel from him. The two cleaned in silence until Destiny’s Child came on, the two teens progressively getting louder as they sang along and even danced a little as they continued cleaning.
“Welp,” she said – popping the
Half an hour later, he pulled up outside of Steve’s apartment, suddenly having second guesses about all of this. The urge to see him won him over though, reminding himself that Steve hadn’t left angry. He got out of his lambo, locking it before steeling himself to walk to the door and knock. A few seconds later Steve answered, looking surprised but not mad that Tony had showed up unannounced.
He was incredibly exhausted from everything that’s happened over the last twenty four hours, but also felt unable to pull himself away from spending this kind of one on one alone time with her. Just to talk.
“How?...I thought...I thought only an Alpha Prime could counteract a Voice…” Tony said quietly, watching in amazement as both Steve and Harley snuggled closer together. The older blonde looked almost misty-eyed as he looked from Tony to Harley and back to Tony.
“It’s nothing, just drive.”
Saturday morning rolled around and Steve was just as excited to see Tony, grabbing his backpack before texting him he was on his way. He got a text back after he started his truck, telling him to drive safe and giving him the gate code to get in.
“Tati…” the girl began to cry, eyes forming tears as she backed away from him.
“She got too hot, Steeb?” he asked as he concentrated on his task.
Susie Q…” Joey growled angrily. Steve frowned and turned to their daughter.
“Hey now,” she heard Tony say as he scooted over to sit closer to her, gently placing his hand on her shoulder. When she accidentally leaned into it, she felt him shift further to wrap his arm around her shoulder – pulling the teen into a side hug as she stayed in a ball.
“And Peter,” Tony reminded him, squeezing the hand he was still holding.
Their mom chuckled and kissed her cheek loudly.
The red headed Omega Steve suddenly remembered.
“What do you think Stevie?” he asked as he turned around to hold the underwear over his sweatpants bottom. Which honestly, was too much clothing.
to be a good husband, in marriage. I remember that night, I remember what I said. I listed every big decision about my life that I’ve second-guessed...
“You’d be surprised how many powerful men in the world are actually pedophiles,” Tati answered for her before turning to address the girl. “Nu ai gresit cu nimic. De ce esti suparat?” {
“I agree,” Tony said quickly, closing the small gap between them. “I was thinking more…babysitting duty?” he suggested with a wink, knowing May was out but would be back in town to have Peter and Joey on the day of his surgery. Which still gave them two nights together before he’d be incapacitated…
“I’m fine,” she said with some annoyance.
Things have definitely been calmer recently.
“Toss me the camera,” he said. Steve obliged him, smiling at the devastated look from his niece. His brother took a few steps towards her, trying to tempt her to walk back to him to get the enticing and shiny not-toy.
They stayed like that a moment longer until Lucky started whining in his sleep. The two teens pulled away from each other, smiling and looking over at their pup still passed out.
“It’s alright buddy, she didn’t just save a city from mutant frogs,” Steve said in sympathy while he stood up, patting the giant on his shoulder with a sleepy Morgan in his arms. “Nice job Daci. That was the fastest end to a JGG code we’ve ever had.”
She was snapped back to the present when she heard a door open as some mumbled voices got a little louder. The door closed, the people no longer talking, but she knew they were still there by the footsteps. She heard several of them make their way behind her before one of them harshly yanked the blindfold off. She blinked several times, eyes trying to focus on the dimly lit room. No, not room, this was a fucking warehouse. She made out a large figure in front of her, recognizing the stench instantly. The monster made his way into the light to show his hideous face, smiling down at his captive.
“Is everything okay, Daddy?”
“Are you listening, Tony? You know what all of this would mean, right?” those sparkling blue eyes bore into his brown, trying to get him to recognize the seriousness of the statement. Of course he knew what this meant.
He stood frozen as Daci released his wrist and slowly - and painfully - stood up to face him. She was shaky on her feet but looked directly at him, hunched over. Her eyes were green again, the same green he saw his look like in the mirror. She kept her face slack and if Strucker actually knew anything about this amazing girl, he’d know when she was faking it. But since he didn’t, Bucky carefully kept his face panicked and inwardly smiled at the thought of what would come next.
So the next morning when she was the first one up - since her Pop was still on mission and again, she slept very little - she made breakfast and coffee; knowing her Dad would probably sleep in. Her brothers helped bring her back to the present.
Tony stopped talking when a small hand had covered his mouth. Did Steve teach her that? Jeez that was fast.
The return address was a name she hadn’t thought of in at least ten years.
“The water is warm. Heated indoor pools are my new favorite thing,” the teen said before turning to cannonball in.
“What happened, baby?” Tony whispered as his smile morphed into a frown. Steve kept his hand against his cheek, thumb still gently tracing his cheek bone.
…” she cried before falling limp from exhaustion, every bit of negative emotion curling in her gut and crushing her soul. Guilt was at the forefront, as she couldn’t help thinking what her Dad would think of the almost adult.
“His clone he rescued from HYDRA.”
"Hey Sammy!" he said as he pulled the baby in to kiss her cheek, before holding her above his head as she giggled adorably.
“Oh come on, love. You’re really not happy to see me? It’s been years!”
“We’d swim in the waves together, walk hand in hand along the sand, maybe go paddle boarding and yes, clearly we would screw like rabbits on every surface area we can. I thought that was obvious – did you think I didn’t know who I was married to?” he asked teasingly. Tony laughed in his arms, an experience Steve will never tire of, before quickly chiming in.
TEN YEARS LATER
. Because we all actually gathered here to ask if we could adopt you, Miles. Because we love you so much," Pop reassured him.
.” The genius absorbed those words...looking at his husband who looked devastated back at him. “Sweetheart you...you really think I’ve ever had second thoughts about you?”
“Xavier was just telling me about his sister getting into med school,” the blonde offered to diffuse the tension.
“Love you too,” he said before ending the call and putting his phone back in his pocket. He spared a few more moments to feel the peaceful breeze and enjoy the view before he got up to head back.
“Carolyn, it was a genuine displeasure meeting you for the first time. You should fly back home…and stay the hell away from my kid,” he growled out before taking a step back and closing the door in her face. She shouted in protest, but Steve ignored that in favor of crashing in on himself.
“I love you guys,” she whispered.
"I'm not saying your fears aren't justified, especially with the current political climate. But if you think you won't love that boy and protect him just as much as your other two because of the fact that he's black? Well..." he trailed off with a smile.
“Steve said that...that Vivienne was Tati’s handler.”
“It’s safe Thumper.” The next moment the door opened more, revealing his kid that was obviously weary of the even now clothed father. She stepped in and waited awkwardly for her Dad to leave.
“I’m kind of busy here St-” Tony began, before his eyes settled on the plate of donuts and he immediately made grabby hands. Steve chuckled as he handed his husband the plate, one chocolate creampie, a golden donut and two blueberry donuts.
to class, Miss Barnes.” She swallowed her anger, saving it for someone who she can actually take her anger out on.
When the cramping got worse, she steeled herself to do what she needed to. Which was difficult, considering the cramping and the idea of not being able to block out what they were doing. She shuffled her way to their bedroom door, hesitating before finally knocking.
“Hey Joey! Tony said you’d be coming but I thought he was just a liar.”
“I’d rather you not…see me.” Peter looked at him in confusion.
“Sure did,
“Well...when I got here your parents and Harley were already here. And...when he saw me, the pup just ran into my arms,” the blonde said with a shrug, the blush still evident on his cheeks. “He blamed himself, but Howard and I quickly squashed that. Then, we met Peter and...we cuddled for a while after. He didn’t want to leave my arms and I was fine with just holding him close.”
Joey asked to spend the night with Nat and Clint – as they had bribed the teenager with concert tickets, so it was just the boys tonight. He didn’t want his kids to find out right now anyway, promising himself he’ll tell them later too. With Steve’s help, of course.
Just as he got to the door, he heard her cry out “daddy!” and it had him stopping in his tracks.
One of them, or both, will tell her when they’re ready.
Tony grabbed his tablet once more, grumbling, “it’s no fun if I don’t get to grope you.”
“Daciana…”
He stood smugly, watching James’ face scrunch up in confusion before he glared back at Clint and slowly brought his hand up to sign ‘
“…And as I put her to bed that night, I thought…she is too innocent for this. She’s too precious to go through so much pain. So I sang her favorite songs, kissed her a hundred times…and covered her mouth with my hand…until she stopped breathing.” She closed her eyes before continuing, tears spilling down her cheeks.
“If anyone asks, you twisted my arm, okay?” Clint said as Daci stopped in his tracks.
Wade looked damn good in a tux and surprised the teen with a boutonniere of his own; blue to match Peter’s tux. He was also thankful Wade had gone with an all black tux…very thankful. They kept dinner short, wanting to spend the evening dancing away at the prom.
When her uncle married Tony, they both offered a name change for her as well, since Steve was dropping Rogers in favor of Stark. She didn’t, for reasons she didn’t want to discuss around all the happy energy, so she claimed it was because of her Dad she kept it.
Which of course, Clint and James dominated. Each time Rumlow had to take a drink, Clint gave James a filthy kiss that only angered the already sloppy asshole, but got cheers from the crowd. He even covered his eyes while tossing the ball, letting out a ‘whoop’ at the familiar sound of splashing.
Over the next few months, his parents gave him the cold shoulder and found themselves suddenly busy flying all over the world. But Tony didn’t let that bring him down. He graduated in less than six weeks, which was two years off his old classmates. He even loved his tutor, a twenty one year old Beta intern from his dad’s job that instantly clicked with Tony.
“Yeah, nothing is going to happen because I’m sober and you’re shitfaced. That’s called rape,” Bucky said as he contemplated leaving this horny drunk teen alone.
Tony watched as Joey helped a still sleepy Peter eat, freezing when she held some peas to his lips. Maybe it was because he was tired…but Peter ate the peas without protest.
“Why don’t you go pack an overnight bag?” Steve asked the teen who nodded and left to do as asked.
“I don’t know,” she replied honestly. “I don’t think so but my body is still kind of numb from the seizure. I don’t feel any like, immediate pain…I guess I’m just being paranoid…” she stopped talking in favor of squeaking when she was suddenly swung up into the air. Her Pop immediately started carrying her out the door before talking.
“Hanging out with Barton, she’s probably mastered the bow and arrow by now,” Tony answered with a yawn, stretching his limbs out and thoroughly enjoying the angry look on the terminator's face.
“Better not be about someone with initials WW…” she whispered teasingly.
She’s almost eighteen. Way too old to still be having nightmares. Especially when she has a memory of something she wasn’t even present for. But here she was, wishing her Pop was home so she could curl up in bed with him – knowing for sure he was safe and alive.
“You…you have?”
“I suppose,” she groaned, equally sarcastic.
wanted
“Me too,” Emerson said laughing.
“Of course not,” she reassured her with a smile.
His thoughts are interrupted when the elevator finally dings at a quarter to ten.
"Uncle Thor is embarrassed, that means it's good," Emerson said as she sat up and focused on the story at hand.
“Yeah.” Buck could only chuckle when Clint shoved him off and opened the door to scramble out.
Shame gave him goosebumps as he considered his first reaction to the news of her trauma with anger, as if it was in anyway her fault.
“–Her
some sense into me," he said with a smile.
“Sam,” she began, turning him to let her see Kimberly who had stopped a few feet away. “This is my…birth mother. Kimberly. Kimberly? This is my Uncle Sam. Sam can I have a few minutes with her?” she gave her best puppy eyes at him. He immediately caved, sending a quick glare to Kimberly before stepping several feet away – facing away from them.
“Pete!” the teen harshly whispered as he followed the boy who jumped on Steve’s back.
“Daddy! Daddy guess what? Pappy taught me how to box! And I fought both Bucky
“Daddy! Papa!” Peter cried in excitement, leaping from Bucky’s lap to Tony’s arms, getting a chuckle out of the genius as the blonde looked at them with a smile.
With a dramatic sigh impressive even for a teenager, she grabbed the bottom of her shirt with both hands, slowly lifting it until she rested the shirt below her breast-line. There was definitely significant bruising around her ribs.
“What inspection?” she asked, shifting a little on the bed in pain. Which Steve did everything in his power not to laugh at. He quickly brought his hands up to his own chest to demonstrate, nodding at her to copy him.
