, which rival mine. Worse still, his curiosity, his need for constant challenge, his … enmity with me – which anyone could play into – to trick him into harm.”
At that, John stepped forward, nearer to the girl, his hands out in a placating gesture. “Sweetheart, I need you to try and calm down for me,” he said, his voice even and confident. “I am a doctor; are you having a medical emergency?”
“When the police find themselves out of their depth – which is all the time – they consult me. As you have just witnessed.” Sherlock had taken his gloves out of his pocket and begun to pull them on. “I have a near-perfect solve rate.”
“Oh, please. As if you would come up with a murder that would be enough of a puzzle to me. You are a protector, John, and subtlety is not your strong suit. You’d kill cleanly, openly, and only if they were a threat.” Sherlock threw himself down onto the leather couch in sheer pique. “God! Where are the creative ones when you need them?”
John shrugged. “I’m getting too old for all that. I did survive, but I also had to stay in hospital for almost two weeks. Not something I want to do again.”
The girl stepped forward – away from John, who had now apparently surpassed horror and had gone straight to shock. Her eyes flew open, fixing her tearful gaze on Sherlock. “Sh-Sherlock Holmes. H-hello … sexy.”
“Will do,” John said quickly, moving towards the door. “Thanks for the tour. I’ll let you know what I decide within the day, I promise.”
They were down to coffee by the time one of the uniformed servants sidled to John’s side. “If it pleases you, Captain Watson, Mr. Holmes would like to see you now.”
A loud bang suddenly resonated through the pub, and, in almost perfect synchronicity, all heads – including John’s and Lestrade’s – turned towards the now-open back door and the wild looking young man who stood in the middle of it even as Sherlock silently breathed in relief, inwardly thanking John’s continued cluelessness and cursing Lestrade’s surprising astuteness.
the man. “We don’t really know each other, Sherlock. For all you know I could be a psychopath with a death wish.”
at least five highly lucrative offers for private employ, no doubt coming on the heels of his heroic rescue of Lord and Lady Lexington, and of course of Sherlock’s very own brother.
Lestrade didn’t respond and instead looked back at John. “You weren’t kidding when you said he keeps rolling out the … what did you call it, Cap?”
“Well, I can tell you with complete honesty that I am neither employed nor paid any amount by Mycroft Holmes to be here. Although I admit to having met him and agree that he is an extremely nosy git.” John rubbed his palm absently on the couch, watching the way Sherlock grinned with ill-concealed pleasure at John’s last sentence. “I just really needed a new place to stay in, something nearer to a clinic I’d been accepted to …”
,” he said, emphasising the shift back into formality, “During my hospital stay, for tonight’s festivities, and for the offer. None of them were necessary, but you have my thanks, anyway.”
John pushed his fists into his own jacket for warmth and nodded gratefully. “Starving,” he admitted.
“Stupid gits. Just what we need right now … more occasions for them to all get together and be shot at like bloody fish in a barrel.” John rubbed the bridge of his nose with a thumb and forefinger. “Can’t they just … I don’t know, courier me the medal or something? At least until we’ve got confirmation that this is an isolated case and no one’s going to try again?”
“No, we'll get a coffee in the meantime. Molly, please send us the report as soon as possible. We're off, John hasn’t eaten breakfast yet.”
Because while the rooms had never looked as empty and deserted as tonight, they never had been. Leaving home isn’t easy, and apparently, even Sherlock Holmes couldn’t do it for good.
A fresh cup of tea sat in front of him when he resurfaced. One of Mrs Hudson’s biscuits had found its way onto his plate as well. It was Scarlet’s doing. She, who apparently waited calmly until a middle-aged man had a full grasp on his wits again.
I proved to be a far less conductor of light as he had a habit of calling me in cases past., Here, I trundled in the dark for far too long.
For a second I considered telling him everything, but my school friend decided for me, as he said: “John, see here, yesterday you prevailed unto my friendship by confiding in me matters which as a journalist I thought more than worthy of publication. Have I known that you would deceive me...?”
A man can’t try a woman out until he’s married to her. Then it’s too late to get rid of her once she’s revealed all her faults. Ask the merchant: Gregory Lestrade will pledge all his wealth to get rid of his wife these days.
When Holmes had come home after his long absence from England, pretending to have found his death in Reichenbach, he had played the villain with a wax figure. Instead of himself, the villain had fired all his bullets on it.
While Sherlock ponders if John heard his reaction or if he should clarify or maybe add a, “Maybe” or “do you mind," or flee London immediately for an extended concert tour which he has always loathed but not as much as this situation, — John starts to hum in return.
This case was an ugly and dangerous business, and the more I saw of it (or, not saw, to be accurate), the less I liked it.
"Do you know, Watson, why the fire was lit in Adèle’s room the night she disappeared?" Holmes asked bluntly.
I hadn’t seen Nicolas so emotionally before, not even when he walked into me and a teammate of ours, which had resulted in our breakup. It hadn’t been that we were exclusive—we were young after all—but it had been a blow, surely. I had felt bad afterwards, and it had been months until we reconciled. We had been friends, or if I’ve been more honest acquaintances ever since.
“Well, I suppose unfortunately as a friend, John. I say unfortunately because this is clearly a damn good story. But if you wished to talk off the record, so be it.”
Then I remembered what Holmes had asked of me. Trying to sound casual, I asked, “What happened back then? My apologies, if you have told it a dozen times before. I’ve got a morbid curiosity as Holmes would assure you.” I put on my most encouraging smile and waited for him to go on. Even with Holmes being God-knows-where, I would not let him down; besides, I had my own personal agenda.
It was a fleeting touch, unexpected but welcome. I could not deduce the reason for this but put it on Holmes’ excitement for the upcoming experiment and a thank you for my patience and goodwill once more.
"I have to speak to you in private, without prying eyes, old boy. This was just an excuse to withdraw you from the colonel’s company without raising suspicion.
"... come here to make love?" Holmes asked with a drawn smile, completing for him the rest of the sentence, pretending to act nonchalant, but feeling a hint of bitterness in his heart "Well, this is not exactly true, don’t you think? I find it not all that different from Baker Street, with the only differences that this is not the house we live in. Yet, we share the same bed here "
Originally, the story contained some military talk between Colonel Landsbury and Captain John H. Watson. However, the content would be a bit not good for modern readers as it perpetuated stereotypes. I pondered long if I should simply warn for it, but in the end, I decided to cut it out and substitute it with the Dickens quote:
Oh, how beautiful is the night sky in London with his beloved John at his sight—oh, the game cannot be over yet...
The ‘Ladies’ companion’ is believed to have been carved from elephant tusks in China. The Chinese were famous for carving ivory, and the quality of the carving is so good, I think that is where he would have had it done. He would not have known that he was coming home, and would have wanted his wife to have this. Though the fine detail of the sex toy was done in China, its container was made in Ireland.
“I do not grant wishes,” whispered the Jinn, making John dropping his towel. He pushed him gently, but irresistibly, down onto the bed.
The first stop for us would be St Bart's, as the crime scene had already been cleared. Sherlock was uneasy there, for obvious reasons. Greg said that there was no other way, despite the sight is so troubling.
HOLMES: I am delighted to see you, my dear fellow, perfectly delighted, upon my word — but — I am sorry to observe that your wife has left you in this way. My condolences, old boy.
“Two... so, no, Holmes! It cannot be true. You want to say that my grandfather killed the father of Jones?”
"Speaking of Mrs Nordon, please tell her that as soon as she is free, she must come to Baker Street. I have heard from her husband. And she must not run away where I will be forced to have her arrested.
The leather box is Irish. She would have got the box carved for it—there is a stamp on the lock with the name of an Irish locksmith. This was a very enlightened family, and this would have been a very loving gift from a husband to wife. You can see that because the level of detail is incredible, down to the folds of the skin. There’s a heart carved at the base, where her finger would have been, and a receptacle in which she could keep a lock of his hair.
The notes remind me to be kinder to myself, that I was still recovering, but concede that if I had been more observant, I could have seen the outcome all along in those first few lines.
I stepped closer to the laptop. My dominant hand landed on Sherlock's shoulder by instinct. “The press caught wind of it, Greg?”
He had refused tea and biscuits, the latter being suspicious as he loved sweets. In our youth, Nicolas
When I witnessed Holmes gave the young man his hand and helped her out of the office, even letting her take his arm to stabilize her, I had to press my lips shut firmly.
In the house, she did not waste our time and recounted most of her story that I already knew: Love for Michael Landsbury, jealousy of a housekeeper barely older than her, hatred for little Adèle. Mary-Ann lived with almost nothing but hatred and the desire for revenge.
Without further explaining the meaning of this cryptic poem or offering a translation, Holmes left the house. I followed, baffled.
That man had the nerve to look at me as if I was the one who made little sense. “Holmes, what in God’s name is going on? What is the meaning of all this? Vanishing rooms and all that. If I did not know you as well as I do, I would question your sanity.”
solid flesh through the driver’s Belstaff coat. However, this time, the Jinn raised his hand from the wheel, rested it on John’s hand for a flicker of a second.
There was wonder on Sherlock’s face, the mouth shaped into a heart, and so much sentiment interwoven in his voice.
“Suffocation would be the normal cause of death or blood poison from an infection resulting from the wounds. At least if it has been a real crucifixion.”
I straightened up and looked at him. Holmes was lying on the ground. He was crawling and trying to get up, visibly shocked by the accident. A little blood was flowing from his forehead, but that was all I saw.
Women are better liars than men. A smart wife will convince her husband of anything. Mrs Gregory Lestrade is skilled in this play as she practices it with her husband weekly.
And without answering, the young dandy left the study, slamming the door. The two servants looked at each other, worried by the turn of events. Only Mrs Nordon, still in shock, looked more dead than alive.
: the rise and fall of the great detective, as well as the realisation that he had not only a great brain but also a great heart? And if something had been proven in the last 10 days, it was that he was a good man too. His plan of introducing Scarlet as a sort of announcement of his return - “welcome back, John” - was so unlike him: brilliant, but a bit not good.
"No, you do not, John, or at least, I do not need one. And if the next thing you want to offer me is an explanation, stop it this instant. I am of higher intellect, I knew it all along and I played along, so please, old friend, do not insult my intelligence. I went along, and I went along willingly. And if you wish to know—as we are both old men, and the world is in shambles and will be in far greater turmoil soon—I went without hesitation. You, dear John, were the exception. I ponder about cases, about experiments, about the way of men, but never about you. I choose you without giving you, us, it a second thought. And I won't start now, and if it's in my power, I'll make you stop doing it now as well."
It took me some time to reach the flat of Mrs Norton, the fog making it difficult, only to realize that Holmes had tricked me: the police were already there, making sure that Mrs Norton was not leaving. Of course, Holmes had known this. It had been all a trick to get me away from Baker Street, so no harm would come to me. I rushed home at once.
She beamed. After a fashion, she was rather pretty; surely, she had a sweetheart. “I do, Dr Watson.” I noticed her white, even teeth. It would be no hardship spending time with her.
"Won’t you inspect the note first? We intend to consult a code-cracker but maybe you’ve got some idea?"
“I am afraid that I deceived you a little. I was not in there all the time. The mechanism of an old railway clock gives the ear the impression of the ongoing industry.”
"So a porter showed up a few days ago and brought a message from me. It was not the first time that I had used the newspapers to advance an investigation and as I requested the collaboration of the
Tears were streaming down both of their faces, but they kissed and kissed. After all, they were tears of joy.
There is a glimmer in Sherlock Holmes' eyes, and when he met his husband's they held a promise of a reward in bed later. At the moment, a kiss must be sufficient.
“His dead body?” I inquired. I knew that my question was insensitive, but I had to be sure. On occasions like this, I realized how much Holmes
“When will it take place?” She asked with a sigh, tired of fighting against Sherlock Holmes' stronger will.
"He didn't, but Miss Parker was. As always, she was the one who gave the orders, and she was the one who sent me to get you. The colonel only obeyed."
The car was a 1926 black Bentley, one owner from new, and that owner had been the cabbie. He had looked after it. Not that this was obvious to the casual observer. They saw, for instance, the half-open Plexiglas barrier was covered with notices warning the passenger not to smoke, telling them much to pay to the various airports. What they assumed to be the recorded voice of somebody famous who reminded them to wear the seatbelt was indeed the driver himself.
"Don't look surprised. Anyway, the colonel asked me to kick you out as soon as you both returned from the village. He doesn't want you here anymore. Your trunks are already in the carriage."
There was a photograph on the bedside table showing the two of them in 221b in their chairs by the fire, grinning like lunatics.
Oh, how Sherlock wishes to surprise John with the message—“Happy Many Returns”—but Serbia is awaiting him.
For half a year now, John had been back in London. His birth city that used to be his home for decades, did not scare John (or, so he claimed). Yet, his new situation was alienating, and so he held his cane protectively, clutching his updated CV to his chest. If asked, John would say he believed it was the immensity. The hugeness of things below. The darkness of dreams. He was afraid of his memories: the ones in which he was dressed all in black-and-white and the ones in which he carried the military bearing that was apparent to him alone. John Watson was anxious about London with its sheer quantity of people, all shapes and sizes, as they spilt from their high, filthy buildings onto the sidewalks. He was petrified of the honking hullabaloo of the traffic, and he was even worried of the air, which smelled both dirty and sweet—nothing at all like the air of Afghanistan.
How fitting! Sherlock thinks. His smugness and smirk turn into a smile: I always had a fondness for the waltz.
We never tell their stories, at least not in the open. The stories of men who love other men, and of women who love other women, and the stories of people who were men but born female, and women born male, and everything in between.
John Watson is no nobleman but an ex-soldier who works as the head of the guards in his hometown. Sherlock Holmes, the local blacksmith of Doyle and a bastard, is his secret. It’s true love but forbidden. Some might even say, unnatural.
Daydreams are not my natural habitat; neither are emotions. I will admit I cultivated the illusion that I was a thinking automaton, and my Watson had taken part in this poetic manoeuvre. Yet, the great Sherlock Holmes is dead, and a better man is resurrected.
The elements were in an uproar; the waves were crashing almost like thunder against the old rocks; darker clouds and suddenly, the sun blinking through for a second or a minute, and all was alight.
First, we talked about the countryside, the events of today (a censored version, obviously), and some of our most thrilling cases. David Jones proved to be a fan of the great detective and a skilled storyteller himself.
They live a simple life since her mother died, and they have little. Still, she supports herself, her father and her two maids with what she owns, which includes three pigs and a sheep named Nell.
This last line knocked me off my hinges. I raised my fists. Mrs Nordon, terrified, squeezed my arm with all her strength.
Lestrade was on him in a flash, putting Organ’s arm behind his back. Lestrade blew his whistle and then arrested him.
I was shocked by the revelation and saddened by the lost lives of three young men, but I was most affected by my partner’s reaction. I wanted to reach out to him, but I couldn't risk it. I could not trigger the culprit and potentially endangered us.
The opener is partly inspired by the short story: "Sherlock Holmes and the Christmas Mystery" (https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/features/sherlock-holmes-and-the-christmas-mystery-1851413.html).
Parts of the dialogue is from a play that later was recorded and aired on BBC, too: "The Hounds of the Baskervilles" AKA peepolykus!Holmes. What you need to know about it? Queer as f*ck, canon Johnlock, it's meta at its best and a bestseller. And yes, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson confess their loves to each other, among other things, in it. There is an article that it was the starting point for BBC SHERLOCK, and hell, we're not talking about Whitehead!Holmes Moriarty as a blueprint for Andrew Scott's performance some years later (which it is, hell, even the lines, "Boring" etc.).
Holmes unfolded and straightened himself from the armchair. He took a few steps into the living room, aiming for the windows. Looking out, his back to me, he finally spoke: “Because I wouldn't be of any use. The girl has been dead for almost a week.
Overall, it was quite nice. But he could still sulk and be a grumpy old man. After all, you never know where you are with sand. It shifted and tricked you, slowed you down. In addition, this beach, of all beaches, still seemed to hate him as much as he hated it, the coarse sand sucking at his feet.
For some minutes, we remained silent. Only after the bells had announced midnight - it was a new day, a rather special one, Christmas - we broke out of our reverie.
homesick is worse. There is no doctor nearby, and who can cure heartbreak, anyway? (His doctor, Dr John H. Watson, his John.) There are scars on his back from his many escapes, and then there are the scars that will not fade away soon. His clothes are filthy; his hair is too long and in disarray; when was the last time he had a luxurious bath? A decent cuppa of tea (prepared by John; biscuits made by Mrs Hudson who -in fact - had bought them at Speedy's. Sh, it is supposed to be a secret, and one that Sherlock Holmes has deduced years ago but never blurted out.). Sherlock had become rather fond of their shared life in Baker Street. Nowadays, he would trade one of his bespoken suits for one of John's woollen jumper in a heartbeat. Comfy, cosy, - damn it, all of these hits too close to home.
John did not move for a few seconds, his gaze still locked with Sherlock’s. He dropped to his knees in front of Sherlock and then
Long gone were the days of my military training and, later, the Afghan campaign. Local work as a general practitioner was my only professional occupation nowadays; if I had the time as it is quite common that I follow immediately Mr Sherlock Holmes when he utters the cunning, “The game is afoot!”.
He is not sure if it is in a demon’s nature to do good. Is it possible for such a fast-living creature like himself to change paths? Moriarty or was it Mycroft—Sherlock is not sure anymore; all is blurring around the edges—said to him it is nothing personal, just human nature, the frailty of the genius or such rubbish.
John nodded. “Didn’t remember it until we moved out here. It freaked me out as you can recall Those bloody cliffs are still the same. I used to sit under them, to escape from my family.” He cleared his throat. “In particular, my sister Harry.” His attention shifted to the horizon. “They spent three days sniping and shouting. The third day, I sat here, all day, on this beach, right into the night. Thinking, I will not have a family. When I got back, they were livid. They had been out looking for me. They didn’t think to look on the bloody beach, mind.”
The detective took a few minutes to recover from that intense kiss, which he had found better than he had hoped for when he bought the mistletoe. Obviously, they had already kissed hundreds, if not thousands of times; and yet, that had seemed really special to him, even if he did not fully understand the reason for this sensation. He could not say if it was because of the doctor that he had not let himself pray too much, unlike other occasions, or if thanks to the festive atmosphere and that new joyful spirit, so unusual for him; he had been stunned.
The second one was that I pitted Gregory Lestrade, who had appeared at our doorstep some twenty minutes later.
Before all this has started, he could not have imagined detesting the thrill of a chase one day. Before, he had relished in riddles almost too difficult to solve except by him. Before, he had enjoyed disguises, code names, and testing out theories, and, yes, to prove that he is indeed the world's only consulting detective and the smartest man in any room.
"I don't have a lead yet, sir. You must give me time. Remember that our investigation just started yet.
Could my partner be right? Was this magnificent young woman a formidable schemer? Or was she nothing more than an unfortunate victim of the backbiting of others?
HOLMES: Why, Billy, you surprise me, after the gentleman has taken the trouble to inform you he has not.
Quickly he rushes back, smearing the salve in the crack of Watson’s arse. Getting him slicker, making him ready.
"Under such circumstances, he must have been very attached to his daughter." With these words, Holmes was silent. He looked down at the fading fire. “But that doesn't change the fact that the case is off to a bad start. We will never find the girl alive.
"No ... that never ..." Watson muttered, blushing as he looked away in embarrassment. He hesitated a moment, then caressed Holmes’ back with tenderness, trying to show him with his gestures all the love he felt for him and that it was so difficult for him to communicate in words.
Soon the lawyer lost himself in the most off-putting legislative details whose conclusion was as clear as Holmes's, the case if there was a case, was won in advance.
“There’s nothing natural about the last years... But you’re right John: I should not sleep in your bed, and you acted correctly when you turned me down. And yet, I want.”
"Son-in-law?" I exclaimed. "But I thought the seafarer was unknown to our client. That he had met him only days ago when his daughter brought him home?"
John is not staring at his partner, neither is his mouth hanging open. Hurriedly, he picks up some food to cover and recover. Should he check Sherlock for a concussion or a fever? Potential aftereffects of the rip?
I placed down another of Mrs Hudson's delicious baked goods on my plate. Afterwards, I contemplated if I should delay my inquiry but I decided against it. In my long personal experience, Holmes yelled at everyone, except me. And if Christmas faced his wrath for a second, I was positive that it could handle it.
“Watson, I will have to inform you that our dear landlady does not know about my reawakening Christmas spirit. Otherwise, I am sure that you understand. Mrs Hudson would take advantage of it to make me do some tedious work.”
I couldn't follow him because Landsbury’s business was none of mine. How could I have asked our client for permission to accompany him? So I returned to the living room, facing the died out fireplace. I waited.
It ended with death: the informant whom Holmes wanted to meet in the disguise of Basil outside the tavern was killed before he could utter one word. The seconds during which I saw his figure falling, my eyes fixed on Holmes in the hideout, were one of the most terrifying experiences in the whole endeavour. I didn’t hear a sound, so I couldn’t be sure that the killer wouldn’t strike again and this time aimed for my companion. There were four meters between them, and what a difference it made.
HOLMES): Breakfast is food. These are poisons — slow, but certain. They involve tissue changes of a most serious nature.
your time. I have all the time in the world; therefore, humans can demand that I spend it on their will...
Because these men belong to a guild, they all wear similar clothing. They own expensive accessories, including purses, belts, and even knives with handles made of pure silver.
“Oh, and yes, the money to start a new life came actually from the inheritance. What a clever trick! The money was there, but the heir had vanished. Yet, the heir—you—were alive as well as dead. In all the mess, you vanishing and the good friend, the treasure lost and recovered, and do not forget your brother’s involvement in it, everyone thought it better to let sleeping dogs die. And it worked until you remembered and I promised to investigate. The other son, David Jones, would have never had a chance, but a John Watson with the help of Sherlock Holmes would. One could solve with deduction. Therefore, I did.”
I guess that everyone recognized Mrs Hudson inspired by "The Wife of Bath". Have you spotted the others?
I had been dropping hints lately about taking early retirement. We had been partners for nearly twenty years. Holmes had always insisted that he would never leave London; the countryside held no interest for him, and I could never bear to abandon him. Now, for the first time, alone in the darkened town of Sherrington, I gave retirement serious consideration.
Now he led me through the garden. Apparently, we would not go through the main entrance but take the secret passage. To be frank, I was not overjoyed at the prospect as I remembered far too vividly the late events, but I followed Holmes.
“Watson, be a dear and help me? I will admit that ordering such things is far easier than preparing them. When we come home to Baker Street, we will have to give Mrs Hudson a raise, and not only to encourage her to look the other way or suddenly turn tone-deaf on some occasions.”
"Until tonight, my dear Watson. Then Captain Basil will make an appearance to investigate the taverns in the harbour district."
“But a… youth serum? I know you to be an excellent scientist, and I see with my own eyes that you look as we first met in 1881, but… Holmes, honestly? Are you certain?”
“Grand that this thought has crossed your mind, at long last.” I did not hide my displeasure about being kept in the dark. Normally, I was more willing to play the fool for him, but as this case was linked to my past... It felt as if I was nothing more to Holmes than another mystery to solve as if my family secret was just another case as if it meant nothing more to him.
I was not as young as I used to be when I had joined the army in the 1870s, but even as an experienced army doctor. I could not have envisioned the horrors. It was a new era of war, the
“That’s precisely what I mean. So maybe you prefer to forget my secret rather than consent to becoming a prisoner here what might be several days.”
It was a bright, sunny day. Gregory Lestrade was pacing back and forth in his office. He felt sorry for himself and wished he had never been born. By chance, Lestrade glimpsed Molly through the windows.
There's been a lot of adaptations of this play since it first premiered more than 100 years ago. One you might know: 'The Abominable Bride', the special from the BBC TV series, SHERLOCK. No, my Johnlock ficlet is NOT set in that universe; BBC SHERLOCK used - once more - an ACD adaptation.
It was the young woman from the path earlier. Close up, I estimated her age as mid-twenties. I suspected from her clothing that she might be a governess. Her facial structure reminded me of someone, but I could not say whom. Holmes would have deduced her whole life story by then. I was more startled than anything at first. Has she been following me? I flinched, then realised I did not actually care. What was the worst she can do to me? I shrugged, and she settled gently at the other end of the bench.
Together we managed the task. Cold air came from what appeared to be a tunnel. Holmes signed me to go first. However, as much as I tried to convince my feet to move, I
Alas, it is what it is, and when observing my love with his smoothed out, carefree face, being at ease in our shared bed, I know I am home.
Jinn!Shrerlock brings human!John to 221b. It's not where John wanted to go, but maybe it's exactly where he's needed to be...
Once more I was confronted with Holmes' lack of human feelings. Alas, I could be stubborn too. After all, I was the one the public perceived as the more human. Last, I knew him well enough to push the right buttons.
Our rooms were now boiling and since I was forbidden to be near the window, I lunched over my books, dropping crumbs in the creases of Grey’s Anatomy and feeling restless.
And yes, I am aware that this sex scene is the continued scheme of IDIOTS and their very own Arrangement, and believe me, I wished I could just write a "normal" sex scene but those two are so stubborn. However, fear not, my lovely readers, the wall will fall! I wrote it already, and my amazing betas can confirm it, so there's hope.
“One thing baffles me,” Cartridge said. “How did the Gazette get the story without asking one of you two? Anyway, I will make nothing of this until you, John, permit me to proceed. But I hope that if there turns up a story, it might be exclusive...”
was not some glitter but traces of diamond dust—diamond, the hardest material to be found. A very effective cutting tool indeed, one that the governor of the prison himself gave over to Mr Norton. This was explained to the governor of the prison and me by a Mr Sherlock Holmes who was - at last - the confident consulting detective once more. Holmes had ended with a barely veiled cheeky, "And you helped him, governor, by accident."
Holmes, engrossed in the notes, did not so much as look up when I abruptly announced my intentions to retire.
Her house—a little cottage — is always clean. Molly and her father eat peasant food of mostly milk and bread, sometimes with a bit of bacon or an egg or two on the side. She doesn't have any use for gourmet tidbits, spicy sauces, red or white wine.
Deep in thoughts, I entered the room where the dining table had been set. Landsbury was alone, staring into the flames, lost in contemplation. Spotting him, a memory prompted me to ask him: “Your home has beautiful fireplaces. It must take time and work to light them.
The weather was on its best behaviour this morning. There was just enough sun to take the sting out of the strong breeze, and the sea and the sky competed for the brightest shade of blue.
Looking back, I could only shake my head at our blindness. Oh, what two fools we had been, and for quite some time, I might add.
Yet, I know that yes, I hated him, but it was easier to deal with this villain than with my fear of losing Holmes (again).
"Mary shut it. Excuse her, gentlemen, but Mary’s first husband was Irish, and he cowardly abandoned her."
we only tricked each other into bed—but we are old now and not foolish enough to trick each other once more. Let there be love for the rest of the days.
Up next, Holmes searched in the hearth. Finally, he closed the window again. The magnifying glass disappeared in a pocket. He came back to us. His cheeks
Holmes slips a finger into his mouth and lets him suck on it. Only when the finger is truly wet, he moves back between John’s legs. He traces the seam of his balls, back and back—and then slips his finger between his cheeks and nestles it against his opening, just resting it there.
The office was dingy. While he knew it was only local work, he also knew that it would be a start, so John sat on an uncomfortable wooden chair in an outer office, his CV ready and his cane close by. He knew he was staring at the middle-aged woman with her hair dyed too bright, a blonde-haired person who sat behind the desk, blowing her nose on Kleenex after Kleenex. Yet, what else should he do? In another life, he might have even asked her for her number. After she blew her nose, she wiped it and dropped the Kleenex into the trash.
Before John had given his directions, the cab driver grunted, and pulled away from the curb, into the traffic.
"That the safe was Fort Knox. You needed the exact combination to open it, and the only person who knew it was Mr Marley himself."
Before answering, she snatched another of Mrs Hudson’s biscuits, apparently addicted to sweets like Sherlock. She dipped it into the milk, and John just caught himself before scolding her, reminding himself at the last minute that he used to love it too when about Scarlet’s age.
John had his hands in Sherlock’s curls, grabbing hard, holding on for dear life, and it should hurt him, but all he heard were whimpers, and him begging, “more.”
In the beginning, I was unsure if it was not a purely selfish thing to drag my Holmes back here. Of course, Sherrington held a special place in both of our hearts as we might have been some fools in love for a very long time but we were not fooled: without the events in Dorset - or how Thomas Hardy would call it "Wessex," I became an admirer of his writing, in particular his poems about The Great War - we had second-guessed our perception of each other until the end.
Whitehead!Holmes is a TV series, produced by Sheldon Reynolds, which premiered in 1980. Originally, GRANADA produced it for British Television, only to never air it in UK and instead go for the Jeremy Brett as Sherlock Holmes portray. However, on the continent, it remains THE Victorian husbands edition and who has only once watched a second or two of it becomes a fan. In case you're thinking: Whitehead and Reynolds,... I do know those names?!
A note of anxiety in his voice suggesting that not all was well. The cartridge was a good friend. I could not see how I could linger here, pretending to be dead when he might require my help.
Tantalizingly slow, the blacksmith is running his fingers from the base of John’s balls up to his tailbone and back down again. His hole is twitching.
"You could have told me, Mr Holmes! I expected a low blow from you, but it is beyond comprehension. Believe me, I'll send a detailed report to Scotland Yard."
Sherrington Hall was their home because Sherlock Holmes, John Watson and Rosie Watson-Holmes made it theirs.
Watson spreads his legs, his chest rising and falling rapidly. His hands shake as he holds his legs apart.
The Victorian Sex toy is real, and yes, it's so famous that even THE GUARDIAN wrote an article about it (https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2017/apr/22/victorian-era-ivory-vibrator-generates-excitement-at-irish-auction).
As a young man, John Watson had believed that children would destroy their well-balanced partnership. With Alice in the picture, everything would fall apart. It was in those precious minutes, pursuing the Bird Master, that the truth hit home. Yes, he handled the fall, but his greatest error was to underestimate the girls.
Nodding in salute to him and permitting himself to dismiss, John Watson turned smartly on his heel and then soldiered on.
It was a heavy heart when I left my John in this uncomfortable, even possibly fatal, situation, but I saw no other solution. "They" were going to come back to see the success of their plan. Maybe "they" were already there to spy on us. We shouldn't waste time, so I left.
With John’s eyes tracing his body, it is as if his muscles will go the extra mile to show off his strength and to offer John something to admire besides his ironwork. As if his body, muscled and marked, is something worthy too, that it is worthy of admiration but more than the lusty stares of the newcomers who haven’t heard him talk or haven’t encountered the town’s gossip. It is as if he, Sherlock Holmes, is an object and a subject, an object of admiration and a subject of adoration, and isn’t that a heady thought.
Tonight he has to share the stage with others, so they’re going to get what they expect: the Pianist, but because these days will be over, he’s going with a bang, which is an unplugged version of Coldplay’s
I think there is rarely a more fitting title to our times than “Sanctuary”. I dearly hope that wherever you are, you can find momentary sanctuary in reading my story, just like I do while writing it. Stay safe!
"They are well enough for commoners, as they own a farm that they have modernized. They recently gained a steam engine and a pair of beautiful French workhorses."
“Wasn’t Jesus crucified to absolve us from sin?” I interjected. Those types always put me on edge. “If love is a sin, that is.”
Mary-Ann, recovered from her surprise, set off in pursuit of the night. As for Michael, he had come over to me and pointed his rifle at me. His eyes were dark.
Sherlock had his hands in front of his mouth, almost as if in prayer. For a moment, he glanced at John, the flames in his eyes fixed on him. Abruptly, the Jinn continued to gaze into the hearth.
John Watson had made one last choice, and this time he had chosen Sherlock, Rosie and Sherrington Hall.
That little unfair remark against my news made me raise a disapproving eyebrow, which Holmes ignored.
I huffed something unintelligent and offered Lestrade a brandy. He gulped it down, clearly distressed.
The eyes had reopened in a steel grey flash. Holmes gave me a piercing look. I had spoken without thinking, just trying to cheer him up. It might not be wise, but it was necessary. I could not stomach to witness my Holmes' hopelessness.
"I beg your pardon?" Some phrases I have copy + paste from him. My intonation was still off, as I would never reach his deep baritone. A smile appeared on his face.
I followed my companion inside. We entered a room in which two policemen were looking over the young governess. The latter came rushing to us when she spotted us. She wrung her hands in despair.
Lastly: WELCOME BACK and THANK YOU for your patience, understanding & encouraging words. It means A LOT (also 2020 is A LOT).
Holmes makes a show of exhaling loudly. He had not let go of his air of theatrics. At least the walking over our furniture had stopped. No VR appeared on our walls either. Nowadays, he would be considered a decent lodger - if it was not for the love we shared since 1903.
s been a break-in at Marley‘s, you see. He was away for two hours and the housekeeper who went shopping, and it is Wednesday which means a day off for the rest of the staff. When he returned home, the front door was open. He entered with caution, hoping to catch the thief, but no such luck. When Mr Marley came into his study, he spotted immediately that the safe door was open. It was the perfect opportunity, and someone used it apparently: 2,000 pounds are missing."
“The newspaper article”, said Holmes “was an unfortunate necessity. I hope it has not caused you too much of an embarrassment, my dear. And when this business is finished, all will be rectified. I am a man of my word, John. “
For about two good hours, the turning of pages and the crackling wood in the fireplace were the only sounds to break our silence from time to time.
John sat in front of Sherlock, feeling the heat of Sherlock’s fire on his back. Sherlock’s gaze travelled his body, and all was good. Finally, John lay back on the mattress, knees bent. John took Sherlock’s hand, guiding it between his legs until he felt Sherlock’s finger skim over his hole. His breath caught in his throat as he pushed against Sherlock’s hand, feeling the tip of Sherlock’s finger pressing
“But they're going to charge Robert with the crime, Mary-Ann. I left the corpse in evidence. It was no small task. Then I ran to stand behind a tree a good distance away to shoot down the survivors. But I wasn’t quick enough. And the night…”
It might sound odd, but the very man who once warned me about his eccentrics makes a habit of sharing my bed regularly. Even on nights when we do do not exhaust ourselves in carnal activities first, he comes to my bedchambers of the night.
“Well, then John: we’re going to go to the park, enjoy the sun, maybe feed the ducks and later we are going to drink a chilled lemonade in the café. I suggest a quiet night after the exertion. After so much fresh air, we are going to sleep like babies.”
"Yes, a descendant of an immigrant from the Revolution. Pretty wild. Better to avoid getting in his way, if you ask me."
Of course, Holmes wanted to investigate, and of course, I followed him. We had barely entered it when fate struck the first time. “Quick, Watson!” Holmes whispered to me, and we rushed to the stairs. However, it was too late. The blowing out of the candle should have been a warning: with a loud bang, the entrance was locked by the wind. We were trapped.
We didn’t shout it like the youngsters who were being placated by Greg and Donovan. I did it in simple things, like fishing Sherlock’s smartphone out of his trouser pocket. He needed to look up the London scene immediately because whenever there were activists, the bigots weren't far off.
Yet, I know I was not the real reason for my agony. I might have always cared more about society’s opinion than Holmes has done, but I
“Because I’m not Sherlock Holmes anymore. Because I have chosen you fifteen years ago, and while everything went to hell, you stayed by my side. Because I chose Alice, for the second time and it was a mistake. I’m so tired, John. Please, I want to sleep.”
At last, Holmes pulled me into the inn’s dining room. The surrounding already told me that this would be official business. He could have led me into the bedroom but he preferred to focus on the case.
“No charade, Watson. If you could only see what excellent work, you have done. One can rely on you, in every instance.”
John Watson had missed this deep baritone. Now, it wasn’t an echo anymore, repeating his voice in his head, slowly driving him insane. The future awaited them, and apparently, it started at 4:45 in the morning.
Sherlock’s cheeks seem to be reddish, it’s all a mess, man and bed. One could observe and deduce so much from the display, but John had forbidden himself to go down that path for a long time. Normal people react similarly. There is nothing normal about him and neither about himself.
and Holmes surely saw through my rambling as well. On the one hand, I wanted to find the underlying cause of it all, but on the other, I feared what we might find. I had to trust the detective
Holmes huffed but listened to my medical opinion. He straightened up and walked over to me, noticeably more determined than ever.
There was one of his rare smile on his face, beautiful, tender, and melancholic. Oh, how I love him. His voice was so soft, so intimate.
He wondered if he should have avoided mentioning Mary. He was aware of the fact that he shouldn't have talked about her when they were together, yet sometimes he could not help himself
Sherrington Hall was their design, with the help of the Partridge sisters and the blueprint by some man called David Jones, but the idea was theirs. In particular, what made a place home was the people who lived in it.
I rushed back to Baker Street, but the door was no longer open. On such a cold and windless day, I thought it unlikely that it would be closed by a draw.
Nothing happened, which frustrated me beyond measure. If I had not the notes, I probably would have left, hot with tears, forlorn and reckless as I visualized myself as a twenty-year-old in Sherrington Hall.
“I knew you were a dark horse, Holmes.” He chuckles, which turns into a coughing fit. It alarms me, but Watson waves away my concern. “It’s nothing, just old age, which plagues us all. Except you, apparently.”
While I knew I should focus on the case and should wonder if his tale had an ounce of truth in it, I felt uneasy about Cartridge using my first name constantly. He should not have the privilege anymore.
And in a rustle of fabric, Miss Parker disappeared. I feared that the tea time was going to take an even more gloomy turn. To my surprise, the colonel got up and offered me a walk in the park.
and no, you can’t make people fall in love with you. You can’t kill someone either. And, no, I can’t bring someone back from death either. If you have regrets, tell them you loved them and acted accordingly while they were still alive.”
After knocking on the door, we entered. The housekeeper's room was simply decorated. It was a fairly small room. A few paintings depicting landscapes hung on the wall. A photograph of Adèle sat enthroned on the head of the fireplace. There were various bottles on a little table near the windows containing perfumes or medicine.
Holmes approached the doctor a little more, tenderly cleaning him up as much as possible, while the doctor could do nothing but look at him spellbound, feeling his heart fill once again with love for him. Not for the first time. He thought about how unjust it was that what they felt for each other was monstrous and unacceptable. For him, instead, it was perhaps the most beautiful thing that had happened to him in life.
"So, first, he was sedated, then he was poisoned, and then crucified, only to be staged as a truly perverse vision from the Bible? Poor sod."
Therefore, Christmas came early, and with it, another installement of the "you give love a bad name"-series.
"Forgive me Watson, but it's clearly your fault," the detective said, unable to suppress a laugh. He hoped with all his heart to see that really lovely reaction which, in his heart, he tried to stir up every time he teased him.
Mr Marley took a deep breath and another sip. Then he continued: "No, I want to be honest now: it took me almost a day until I saw the reason. Emotions aren't my strong suit, and for me, an arranged marriage was a reasonable prospect for my daughter. My partner is no brute. You must believe me, gentlemen. And as a man of my standing, a sailor as a son-in-law is a potential scandal. In the end, I wished my daughter to be happy, therefore I changed my opinion."
I had John Watson for almost a lifetime, and even if I, in my heart, know that one lifetime would not be enough, it is not up to me. It’s his life, and I need to keep my hands off it, so all I do is hold his hand while he sleeps.
“Let me” had been the only warning before Sherlock had taken him into his mouth. No, that wasn’t accurate: sucked him down, in one go, almost to the root. John had believed
The inspector looked at Holmes in amazement and received the newspaper dispatch from his hands. Holmes sat down in an armchair in front of the fire. I followed suit. Mary-Ann immediately served us a hot cup of tea and some cakes. They were delicious, with anise.
Half an hour later, John learned it was wiser if he was the one to open the door because the way Sherlock greeted the delivery driver was appalling.
It was a cold and stormy day. The constant alertness to avoid falls, as well as the still dropping temperatures and with it, the demand for thick clothes slowed me down on my shopping trip through London. I felt weary and old, even though I was only middle-aged, as my limbs had been more pronounced because of the bad weather.
entry and had no Google street view when we came here; it's a remote place which is why we picked it. Further, I had no ancestor with the name Jones. Far too pedestrian, Mycroft would say. Who did the blueprint again? Some common name…?"
It wasn't until a few moments later that I woke up, my cheeks on fire. Detective Stanley stood beside me, a happy smile on his face, looking relieved.
James Watson might have been a bastard 9 times out of 10, but without his neglect, John Watson might not have been so determined to prove his father his worth.
The fresh air did not clear my head: I felt worse. The shallow breathing and blurred vision that heralded an oncoming attack set in. All I wanted was to collapse onto my bed, preferably far away from here in the upstairs room of 221b in London.
BILLY: She says it was terribly important, sir, as she wants to know what you will have for your breakfast in the morning
Watson makes a ragged sound, hips squirming—he is definitely aroused, there is no doubt. There was never any doubt.
even his powers. And why should he care for Sherrington Hall, anyway? He assured me he hasn't heard about it before. Remember his face when we announced our retirement plans? His minions certainly had a tough task to investigate everything and anything about it in a limited timeframe. Sherrington has no
The cook looked at her attentively and did not know what to say. She stammered: "I am not sure. I never go to the stable. Looks like a horse blanket indeed."
Sherlock Holmes is like a son to her. Her two sons were gone long before her, his brother and Sherlock took their place. Mycroft is reluctant, but she persists. And there is only one person who is even more stubborn than Sherlock Holmes—Martha Hudson.
A second of hesitation. It’s evident that he is equally embarrassed and turned on. Finally, he drops to his knees and presses his lips to Holmes’ semi-erect cock.
That he ended up in a deadly accident was unfortunate. He fell down the stairs. It happens, in particular to a drunk head like him. He mistook her for a piece of furniture from time to time too, so it could have been that he slipped, thinking downstairs meant upstairs. It happens even to men more kind than the late Mr Hudson.
When all the women have left the Criterion, just before she turns to her own sleeping quarters, she spots the flickering light of a candle in the smithy opposite the tavern.
HOLMES: Say nothing. Just turn yourself on. And keep yourself turned on whenever you are around me. Like now, because we have a new case on our hands. Do you hear the knocking?
This chapter wasn’t like this at all last weekend. Maybe you can spot the changes, you can surely guess the reason.
Thank God that Mrs Hudson had offered to put Rosie to bed downstairs. "You two have a nice cup of mulled cider... there are cookies in the tin, your favourite, Sherlock!", and off she
of artillery, the yellow gas, so many innocents lost. I had needed to sign up as I was a patriotic soul, yet not as reckless as I had been as a twenty-something seeking adventure abroad, but when I returned the second time, it had been home no more. I had fought for Queen and Country and we had won, but the price was too high. When I set foot on British soil once more at the end, I knew it was over: 221b was lost.
Oh, she prays for the lost souls. Every day she calls upon heaven. Whenever one crosses her path, they hasten away when they see her coming because of her reputation.
Then the snow had fallen, and Sherlock had panicked. He was no fool: he knew he could not bend the weather to his will, but he had hoped that his London would play its part. However, everything had fallen into place as if following a play that not Sherlock Holmes had written but a man similar to himself, one that shared some of his character traits and intelligence but has a bigger, better heart (or, who has a John Watson at his side as more than his constant companion...). First, the
When John had presented his findings, quite pleased with himself, Sherlock had tried to look neutral while Rosie had chipped in: "That's so
“I have some research work to do”—and that man did not even look at me while uttering out this nonsense! He fiddled with his chemical equipment as if they held all his interest. “Blood types”, as if I could not look right through him! “And I could do it much faster on my own. Of course, I will pay your bill.”
The wind from the sea blew in our faces. It was refreshing. I closed my eyes for a minute and listened to the waves nearby. Suddenly, I saw a silhouette in front of my inner eyes. It was all strange and rather queer. Was this man—I assumed he was a man—coming for me? Or was it a warning of danger to come? There was another male voice. What was real? I opened my eyes and looked into David Jones’ fearful face.
"She kept the truth from me. She read the ad and came over. She played the flirtatious woman, hoping to marry me and get the inheritance."
The tone was rising between us. I could not see how to calm down my companion, or how to change his mind. Holmes sometimes had those incomprehensible quirks that were difficult to counter. Silence fell again over the living room, now even deeper, more hostile. I paced back and forth in our living room, while Holmes pretended to dive back into his reading.
"We're trying to get hold of her husband," he snapped. "We must also verify her statements. What is your friend, Mr Holmes, doing? His presence would have been very helpful to us, now, that there is real research to be undertaken and not rambling to peddle.
It was a ride as if all the demons of hell were after them and all the angels of heaven cheered them on.
Trancelike, I looked after his smoke rings. Once more, I could not help but admire his long fingers and how they held his favourite pipe. They were perfect.
Sherlock had wanted to examine it all first, but the storyteller gene and natural curiosity of his husband, as well as Rosie's puppy eyes, had won. Soon the Watson-Holmes family gathered together in the living room, in front of the fireplace, tea and biscuits on the table nearby.
"Literally. Or St Andrews." Sherlock was grinning, and I shouldn’t mirror him. Alas, I did. I switched to what I hope is a more professional voice.
. There, we ate some dinner, a hearty stew, and ordered a pint. For quite a while, we talked amicably. The sun was shining. It was rather idyllic.
Holmes nodded. The inspector explains, not without taking back an anise cake: “We did indeed find the little girl's coat and a blanket in the vault. The servants formally recognized him. My men searched the area badly. Last, Adèle lived there for a few days under the supervision of someone. The coachman, without a doubt.”
I could feel our client's anger growing. Landsbury must have been convinced that his servant had failed in his task. I didn't know how to talk him out of it.
However, to his surprise—even though he should not be after knowing Sherlock for so long—Sherrington proved to be exactly what they both needed, and soon they all called it home.
Soon we were strolling through the garden. The cold was sharp. The ground was frozen and the trees bare. Everything gave an impression of eerie silence. Dead of winter...
Already in walking distance, John Watson dines at Simpson’s. When the waiter inquires about Sherlock’s whereabouts, Watson isn’t small-lipped: he is simply half-starved and wishes to order promptly. The food is excellent. Watson isn’t stopping himself barely seconds before commenting on it to an empty seat opposite him.
“Yes, I told him the love story, John. It was bittersweet because Jones knew that, unlike the first tale, there was no possibility for his father to come back. He knew he was alive, but would not see him again. To search for him—and considering their age, the chances are slim anyway—would endanger their freedom. I will not lie: for a moment, he wished for an alternative, that he was a victim and not a criminal in the eyes of the law, but he is an adventurer, also in the end, it was love that motivated him all the years to search for him. This was why I was almost certain that he would choose the truth. He continues his quest out of love, so he could face the truth; after all, he is his father’s son.”
s background and his character; typical of Holmes to keep me in the dark. Yet I had to admit that Marley had kept his temper mostly in check while being here. Maybe, I mused, he cared for his daughter. It wasn‘t sure that unheard of: a ruthless businessman, but a devoted father?
“How do you know about it? The press conference isn't until tomorrow, and to my knowledge, the press hasn't printed any leaks.”
The Jinn was not wearing his sunglasses, and in the dim room, his eyes were burning with scarlet flames.
Upstairs, the sleeping quarters appeared the same; however, in what I assumed to be my late grandfather’s bedroom, a mirror caught Holmes’ interest. My companion urged me to have a
Martha Hudson has lived a full life. She had five husbands, and as she says herself, three good and two bad ones. “The three were good, rich, and old. God help me. I laugh when I think about how I made them feel. They loved me so well, by God above, so I never told them I loved them in return.”
"Obvious." Sherlock Holmes snorts. "The shoulder wound is easy - the way you hold yourself, your actions, the favouring of your left side. As for your limp, you forget it when distracted. You're not accustomed to being lame, so it's a recent injury. If it had occurred at home, you would never have left. If it had been from the labour, you would have been given other duties, you wouldn't be travelling. So, wounded by misadventure. Hunting? No, unlikely. You don't have the stature for it. My brother has it. You're both nothing alike. So, in battle or an altercation."
Mr Landsbury had a fat, content smile. The two maids were pleasantly surprised at the fortune that was coming to them. As for Mrs Nordon, she bowed her head and seemed on the verge of tears. Holmes put a hand on the young woman's. She looked at him and he smiled encouragingly.
"Mrs Nordon will not inherit from me. Arbuckle Hurt was adamant. No loophole in them will allow her... to inherit. My fortune will go to Adèle when Sherlock Holmes finds her."
Our landlady, Mrs Hudson, had left me a pleasant, cold breakfast, a sign that she herself had to leave the house early.
“Whatever you prefer, Sherlock.” It’s John Watson’s standard answer, and it has worked well for the last two decades; alas, today it backfires.
A divorce might be in order (and a better wife might be found quickly as she had been his mistress since the day Lestrade first laid eyes on her), but it is not proper. The church would not approve. Further, no one would listen to the gossip of commoners.
Shrugging my shoulders, I opened the letter. The content was as expected, having been reading one similar this morning and one yesterday.
“Then, please, explain to me who the man outside the restaurant at Marylebone Station at five past midnight was?”
It was dark, everything was silent. I began to stealthily towards the door. It was no fun to concentrate. Dizziness seized me. My head must have hit a rock hard in the accident, I guessed.
The wine Mrs Partridge offered me when I returned to the inn was a mistake. I did not handle alcohol well these days.
"I wouldn’t miss it for the world!" Sherlock leapt from the sofa. He could barely contain the impulse to waltz in the living room.
“Bear with me, my dear Watson, I beg you. You know that I have tried to keep my work here secret but how certain can one be about that. The police are involved in these matters and are aware of my experiments. Who knows whether one junior or even a senior member of the forces is not involved with this utter ruthless villain? Now, having alerted them the newspaper report might be the case would not be assumed that you would no longer be in London, and he would further assume that you would no longer share this premises with me.”
It was all good fun, highlighted by Sherlock picking up his violin in the evening and playing some tunes that almost sounded like a melody.
And with an energetic step, Mr Landsbury left the inn. Mrs Nordon had relapsed into her apathy, and I wondered what Holmes was doing once more.
That he can call John by his name, and then count the ticking seconds until he hears his answer. Oh, the thrill! And how much Sherlock can't deduce in John's voice; it's brilliant. John is never boring.
: I had indeed suffered a short setback. Jones was rather startled. Seriously, Holmes, how long do we want to continue this charade?”
In the living room, he would not sit. He stood, with his arms behind his back, a man prepared to deliver an accusation.
I felt as if I could not only hear my own beating heart but those of all the people in the room. While my partner was alive, our client had turned into a pillar of salt. His eyes were widened, enlarged as if he would look into the doors of hell. A prominent vein pulsating on his forehead.
The newspaper on my lap reported the release from police custody of a known criminal, Tobias Organ, arrested some days previously for the murder of Max Zimmermann, a moneylender, who was shot through the head in his small apartment in Murrow Street. In the end, there is insufficient evidence to charge Organ with murder. Even the police thought him clearly capable of it.
“A day and a half ago he said he’d moved in fully, but that he had to go back out on business. Such an interesting young man, though the things he says sometimes…” She shook her head. “I think you’ll make a good pair.”
Her logic seemed sound to him, and everything he’d written about Sherlock had come true. With a sigh he moved to his desk and opened his laptop up.
Mrs. Hudson said her goodbyes and went off, and John sat down at the table and stared out into the living room. Sherlock was touching things, moving things. When he walked by a pile of papers they rustled, when he stepped on a warped floorboard it creaked, and he’d sent an actual text from John’s actual phone.
John had just finished downloading a copy of the story to a usb drive when he heard the door to the flat bang open. Quickly he deleted the file from his Google Docs, chucked the flash drive into his desk drawer, and came downstairs. Sherlock was sitting in his chair, and aside of the mussed hair and flushed cheeks, he looked as though he could’ve been sitting uninterrupted for hours.
“He doesn’t know that I wrote him, so don’t say anything about the writing project, okay?” John said. Harry gave the sigh of a long-suffering sibling, and John felt the bizarreness of their role reversal in that moment.
“My parents are. My brother lives in London, sometimes, when he can be bothered to be in the country.”
“How much did he cost?” She asked once the door was closed. “He is an actor, isn’t he? It’s convincing, the deduction thing, but you must’ve told him that stuff about me.”
Ella was another bit of his routine, to the point where it felt as though they hadn’t been discussing anything new. They were closing in on the end of their session and she moved to her next area of discussion.
“I’m not looking for a flatmate.” He replied. The other man hardly seemed to register this as he went about gathering his coat and scarf from the tables around them.
The landlady was at the door and waved him in, introducing herself as Mrs. Hudson. “Come in, come in! You’re the only one so far.” She led him up the stairs and into 221B. “There’s an extra room upstairs, if you’ll be needing an extra room.”
John explained the writing prompt before handing over his phone, open to the Google Doc where he’d been storing the story. Harry’s eyes went wide as she looked at the document.
“You and Ella are the only people who I’ve even talked to about Sherlock, so unless she’s pulling something on me, then there’s no one else who would’ve seen it.” John said. Harry took a step back, holding her hands up. She seemed to be thinking it over.
“Would that I could, Mrs. Hudson, but I’ve been rather busy as of late.” He replied, moving now over to John. “The kettle’s boiled, John. Are you alright?”
John pushed open the door to the flat tentatively, looking around for Sherlock. Harry nudged him with a finger, and John turned to whisper to her.
“Sherlock,” John said tentatively. His voice was too high, and though he cleared his throat he was sure Sherlock had noticed. Of course he had. But, John had his attention, at least. “how did we meet?”
“Okay.” She said. “Let’s say you created this person. Everything you wrote about him came true?” John nodded. “Even the smallest things?”
Harry looked to John for confirmation on this part, and John shrugged. It could be so, but he’d yet to write it out. In fact, he hadn’t really planned to write it out. Parental backstory wasn’t needed all that much for the kind of story he’d been writing.
“He’s not so good with practical life sometimes, he often doesn’t open mail or pay his bills, and he tends not to eat or even sleep if he’s working on a case. His last apartment was shared with a drug dealer, and the one before that was more of a shack than anything else. He can feel a change coming, he’s looking for it…”
Before John had a chance to try to reign the conversation back in, Sherlock stood abruptly and looked to John and Harry.
“What did Harry think?” Sherlock called after him, surprising him utterly. John paused and turned to him, thinking of how to sum it up.
“Your parents, are they also like you?” Harry asked. This seemed to at least draw Sherlock’s attention back to the table.
“I need your phone.” He said to John, who numbly nodded and reached into his pocket to hand it over. “I seem to have broken mine at some point last night.” With John’s in hand he shot off a quick text before handing it back. John checked the message. He didn’t know the number, but the message read ‘If brother owns green ladder arrest brother. - SH’.
“Fine. I caught myself on fire, but I’ve put it out now.” He replied, brushing soot and singed fabric scraps from his arm. John turned around to stare at Harry, who was smiling a bit hysterically. Sherlock was speaking with an entirely American accent. As he explained more of what he’d been attempting versus what had actually ended up happening, John found himself staring. Sherlock’s voice was a bit more gravelly now, and John wasn’t able to place the accent — maybe something New York adjacent? — but it was certainly American.
John nodded weakly. “A good pair.” He repeated, still watching Sherlock as he reached around under the couch until he seemed to grasp what he’d been looking for. Sherlock pulled out the remains of a phone, the back popped clean off and a huge crack running through the screen. He sighed, and walked back towards John and Mrs. Hudson.
“Is that it? We only just met, and we’re going to go look at a flat?” The man paused his hurried exit to turn back to John, his mouth quirking into a smile. “We don’t know a thing about each other. I don’t know where we’re meeting, I don’t even know your name.” As John finished he watched the smile fade into a cool intensity as the other man replied.
, and I can’t — I can’t go back to being who I was before…” He trailed off with another sigh. Ella nodded.
“So, Sherlock, John says you’re from St Albans? Do your family still live there?” Harry asked. John forced himself to keep chewing his mouthful of pasta, though he gave her a nervous side-glance.
Now knowing what 221B looked like, he had a much better idea of what to write once he got back to that flat. He stayed up nearly half the night with Sherlock as they chased killer cabbies through the streets of London and went for dinner.
“Why don’t you write about that, then?” She asked. “Why don’t you write about someone you meet who doesn’t want you to change, someone who thinks you’re fine, just as you are.”
“That’s impossible. You can’t just make a person from nothing, that’s — physics, or metaphysics, whatever.” She waved it off. “Sherlock can’t be in your flat because
Sherlock looked almost disinterested as he replied, his gaze out the window and seemingly on something far away.
“How thoughtful, John, I’d love to!” She said, and they entered the flat. Sherlock was gone, vanished, John hoped, but the flat was still a tip.
“Oh, good, you’re making tea.” Sherlock said. He was more properly dressed now, though the dressing gown was still draped around him. John didn’t reply and kept his gaze resolutely forward, though out of the corner of his eye he could see Sherlock turn his attention to Mrs. Hudson.
“We talked about how the exercise would help my mood,” he said, and she waved a hand at him to continue. “and that being out could help me meet people, that I might run into old friends… But any friends I’ve caught up expect me to be the
looking. I’d thought I’d have a hard time finding a flatmate, but given that you’re clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan I don’t think you’re likely to be too picky.”
… He shifted in his chair and went on. “I don’t know what to write about.” Ella changed her position as well, nearly mirroring his. It made him slightly uncomfortable.
“Not as of yet.” John said absently, looking around the flat. Somehow, it was better than he could’ve imagined. He could see Sherlock here, making wild deductions about people and doing whatever exactly it was that Sherlock did — he still wasn’t sure of that. And somehow, he could see himself here too. Without even meaning to, he found himself telling Mrs. Hudson that he’d take it.
“I don’t know if you could call them average. Someone’d have to do something pretty incredible to produce you.” Harry said, and John nearly choked on his pasta as she shot him a knowing glance.
“This is insane.” Harry repeated, though at a more respectable volume. She was so absorbed in the conversation that John kept having to steer her out of the way of obstacles on the sidewalk.
“I know I made him up!” John said, growing frustrated. He lowered his tone, and let out a breath. “That doesn’t make him any less real right now.”
“Remember how you used to say I had no imagination? I think you’re wrong.” He began, and Harry heaved out a sigh.
“Hmm.” Was all the reply John got, and after a few minutes of sitting, he realised Sherlock was unlikely to say much more. He stood stiffly from the chair, and headed off towards the stairs up to his room.
John wrote solidly through the next week, up until his next session with Ella. She could see the change in him instantly.
“My therapist gave me a writing assignment, to write about someone, and he’s come to life. Or at least, I’m seeing him.” John hissed out under his breath.
“You haven’t talked to me since you got home, and today you call me out of the blue saying you’re hallucinating.” She said, then looked him over. “What’s going on?”
John glanced around them, trying to garner something, anything, from the environment. He was fairly sure they were in St Barts Hospital, but he didn’t remember how he’d ended up in this strange conversation.
With shaking hands he scrolled through his contacts. As he’d said to Ella there were few people he talked to since he’d gotten back, and that was true. There was one person who’d be understanding about a breakdown, but he wasn’t sure…
“I’d say that your sister looks like she needs a drink, were that not a hideous bit of cliché, as well as poor advice for a recently recovered alcoholic.” Sherlock said, and then, a moment later: “We should get dinner.”
“So…” Harry said, after a moment of playing with the hem of the dressing gown. “You can change him, make him however you like?”
. Always, always. That was Sherlock’s way. He sought the new, the exciting, and he dragged John along behind him to find them.
“You know how many times I wanted a button to make Clara stop doing all the annoying little things she would do?” She asked. “I bet she’d have wished for the same thing with me, and maybe we’d have been better off for it. I mean, John, you could craft whatever kind of person you want. A best friend, hell, a
“You said that she was your dream girl. This is… something like that!” John said. Harry sighed, dropping her face into her hands.
“Elevated pulse, dilated pupils, frantic energy — if I didn’t know you better I’d say you were high.” Sherlock concluded, his brow furrowing. John shook his head stiffly.
“I could try talking to him, if you wanted.” John said, and Sherlock paused in his pacing for a half-moment, before resuming it immediately as he waved off the suggestion.
It seemed to be the right thing, in any case, as Sherlock stopped glancing over at John and instead sighed melodramatically.
.” She went on. “Your therapist’s going to freak out.” John grabbed hold of Harry’s arm, stopping her.
“Right, then, I’m just going to pop out.” He said, moving backwards from the living room into the landing. Sherlock remained silent. John grabbed his jacket from the coat rack and took the stairs as quickly as he could without sprinting.
“I think Lestrade is being deliberately obtuse — quite a feat, given how often he ends up that way naturally.” Sherlock said.
Mrs. Hudson looked scandalised, and then a bit grim. “Well, I suppose I should’ve expected it.” She said with a sigh. “Thank you, dear, though next time perhaps let me know before I’ve been dating him for half a year.”
“Sherlock’s a genius, but only about certain things — he couldn’t tell you who was Prime Minister or what the planets of the solar system are, and he’s hopeless with pop culture. He’s complicated — it’s part of what makes him so interesting.
Sherlock didn’t want anything to eat, despite having suggested the meal, and Harry was too shocked to do much more than gawp at Sherlock. In the end, John was the only one eating.
“What kind of a system is —” John retorted, before realising fully what had happened. His head whirled around and he found himself staring at a man who could only be Sherlock Holmes, dressed in the blue robe and holding a violin bow in one hand as he paced a small circle between the living room and kitchen. John nearly screamed, but managed to hold it back.
, his rational side yelled, but he wasn’t paying it any attention. Even if it did break the bank, 221B had character, it had personality — it was the opposite of his dreary little flat.
“He’s married, and very unlikely to leave his wife. Why else do you think he’d invite you on a cruise when you began getting serious? He does like you, I’ll give you that, but unless you’d like to remain the Other Woman I’d suggest you break it off.” Sherlock tilted his head, as though listening for some secret intel that no one else could hear. “Perhaps wait a week or so, he’s going to offer to take you away on a minibreak sometime soon.”
John was left reeling by this wave of information, and he’d barely even begun to parse it when that energy was back and the other man was heading for the door. Before he’d entirely left he went on:
“Oh, the state of it!” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed with a sigh. “Really, I leave for a week and you can’t manage to keep it tidy. I’m your landlady, dear, not your housekeeper.” John nodded absently as he led her to the kitchen table, where he motioned for her to take a seat while he made the tea.
“No. The carefulness of his word-choice means he went digging for this, and there’s nothing much to it.” Sherlock grabbed the bone and blowtorch and returned to the kitchen.
Another morning he woke to the smell of cigarette smoke, wafting up to the bedroom, but when he came downstairs he found he couldn’t smell it at all anymore. Sniffing around the main floor of the flat got him nowhere, and he shrugged and decided to assume that it was the fireplace. While he was thinking about it he decided to relight the fire, and went about rearranging the kindling.
“I’ll tell him no from you, then.” John called after him, already beginning the text. When he looked back up Harry was staring at him and jerking her head towards the door, so he led her up to his bedroom.
“Has it occured to you that he might be an imposter? That someone’s hacked your account and seen the Google Doc? This could be a shakedown, this could be some kind of blackmail.” Harry said.
“It’d have to be something obvious, something we’d notice right away.” Harry said, and John thought it over. What could he change, then change back. Something that wouldn’t be too disruptive, but would be immediately noticeable.
“Sorry?” John asked, feeling for all the world like he’d been here before. The man’s attention shifted slightly more to him before returning firmly to the cellphone as he repeated his question.
“I’d love for it to be awful. This doesn’t have to be on your blog, even. This could just be for me.” She said. “Just give it a try, and see what happens.”
John blinked slowly, and found a scene appearing around him. A hospital lab, and a few feet from him, a man. He was tall, and pale, and his attention was on the phone in his hand — John’s phone, he realised after a moment.
“It wouldn’t make for very good reading. I do the same thing every day.” He replied. She gave a slight tilt of her head and jotted something down. He glanced at her notes but couldn’t make out the most recent scrawl.
“So, that, that’s your dressing gown.” He said dumbly, and Sherlock looked at him for the first time since John had entered the room.
“Just a ‘thanks’, and then a smiling face emoticon.” John said. Sherlock grunted in frustration and stalked across the living room to fling himself face first onto the couch, where he stilled and curled up on his side. John waited for a minute or so to see if Sherlock would spring back into action, but he seemed to have lulled himself into a sort of angry trance.
an ad for a showing of a flat at 221B Baker Street. John looked over at the clock on the microwave — just after six. If he showered and got dressed, he could be there in time. It wasn’t until he exited the cab on Baker Street that he even questioned whether or not he
Over the next week he noticed more and more things appearing around the flat. Opening the fridge revealed a jar of some eyeballs John was unhappily able to identify as sheep’s, the same kind often used in classroom dissections. A few days later he found a second razor in the bathroom cabinet, and a dark gray towel on the towel rack. All of John’s towels were white.
“I know you’re an army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him, possibly because he’s an alcoholic, more likely because he recently walked out on his wife, and I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic, quite correctly, I’m afraid.”
“Just get out of the house, John. Go for a walk. Meet up with a friend, someone who can’t see your imaginary friend.” Harry suggested, and John found himself nodding before he thanked Harry and hung up. A friend, a friend… Flipping through his cell phone contacts he came across a few possibilities, and then he heard someone entering the flat downstairs.
Sherlock made a noise of disbelief but moved away from John and into the center of the flat, apparently looking for something.
“Mrs. Hudson?” He called down the stairs, and when he received no reply, let out a sigh and moved them into the downstairs bedroom. He wasn’t sure which bedroom he’d want to use yet, but he’d been staying in the upstairs one for the time being and felt he may as well use the other one for storage. All this meant was that now he had more places in the flat to write.
“I might quit those, actually. They’re torture on the leg.” John said, and was able to see when she wrote down ‘
“I’m not sure… It’s smaller, I suppose. The Holmeses lived in an estate, very nice, a little separated from the rest of the city. He has an older brother, Mycroft, that he doesn’t get along with. Sherlock nearly got kicked out of Cambridge for setting fire to a classroom, or maybe a classmate, I haven’t decided yet…
He woke late a few days later to the ringing of his cell phone from somewhere in the flat. Stumbling down the stairs, still half asleep, he entered the living room to find it was rather a tip. His phone was definitely on the table, though, somewhere under a pile of papers he didn’t remember leaving there. As he went to move them, a deep voice called out to him:
for a few days, and I’m not even interested in him.” He said. At least, he hadn’t considered it. Writing himself a boyfriend would have seemed far too desperate, even for him, and now everything was so muddled… He really hadn’t been given any decent amount of time to think over anything.
In between writing his adventures he moved, and found that almost all of his stuff fit neatly into five boxes. He thought about calling Harry to ask her to help, but decided against it. He and Mrs. Hudson managed just fine, anyways. Despite there only being six boxes, John found himself almost unable to tear himself away from writing to unpack.
John fell silent at that, and they walked the rest of the way back to the flat without speaking. Upon entering, they found that Sherlock was still out. Harry sat down on the couch, pushing Sherlock’s dressing gown aside. John sat in his chair, facing her.
Mrs. Hudson chattered on about the cruise and the man she’d been on it with, and continued doing so as Sherlock strode back into the kitchen. John bit back a sigh — she hadn’t seemed to react to him at all. He really must’ve lost it.
John sat and slowly ate nachos while Harry read through the first bit of the story. After about ten minutes she looked up at him, almost sadly.
“You really should break it off with Mr. Turner.” Sherlock said. And then, the most remarkable thing happened: Mrs. Hudson replied.
The restaurant John had written about in the first story turned out to be called Angelo’s, and just like in the story, the owner knew Sherlock. Thanked him, even, and then gave him an awkward one-armed hug that caused Harry to let out a burst of hysterical laughter before she caught herself. Angelo seated them near the window, added a candle ‘to make it more romantic’, and handed them menus.
“We’re not talking about me, we’re talking about you, and… him.” She waved a hand back towards the stairs. “People don’t appear out of thin air.”
“You should’ve told me you were getting a flatmate in,” Mrs. Hudson said, looking over at John. “Though it seems like you and Sherlock are getting on fine.”
He was kneeling and building up a pile of kindling when he noticed the violin bow sitting up in the black chair, as if someone had just left it propped there. Once he’d finished making the fire John stood back up stiffly and looked the bow over. He didn’t know much about violins, though he’d done a bit of googling when he’d decided that he should know enough to write about Sherlock’s. Even so, he could tell that this was an expensive bow. With a small sigh he moved it into the other bedroom, only to find that the four boxes he’d put in the room had become eight, and that one had a blue dressing gown draped over it. He tentatively lifted a sleeve of the dressing gown, rubbing the fabric between his fingers.
“So you’re keeping up with your walks?” She asked. That had been her idea as well as this writing exercise — walks.
“You went to meet Mike Stamford at Barts, and found me instead. I said I was looking for a flatmate, and you said you had a flat.” Sherlock said, then narrowed his eyes as he examined John. Seemingly unable to find any proof of whatever he was looking for (
“He isn’t, actually, he just says it as a kind of defence mechanism,” John said, then shook his head. “never mind. The problem isn’t the character. It’s that he’s
“I play the violin when I’m thinking — sometimes I don’t talk for days on end, would that bother you?” And with barely a pause: “Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
can’t tell her — you can’t tell anyone.” He said, lowering his voice. “They’ll think he’s a freak.” Harry’s eyebrows went up. “I mean, more than people already do.”
“Observe, don’t interfere.” He said, before rushing out the front door and taking off at a good clip down the street. Harry looked to John, who shrugged.
Despite the fact that John had created him, he knew almost nothing about him. Sherlock would be smarter than John, he was sure of that, and taller, but there wasn’t much else he could definitely say. He was some kind of private detective — he resolved to work out the kinks in that later — but there were few solid details he had about this character to cling to.
“Okay.” She said, following him into the living room of the flat. She gave a cursory glance around the room.
“Are you all right?” John asked as they rounded the corner to the kitchen, finding Sherlock seemingly unharmed — though his jacket couldn’t say the same thing.
“I’m only back a day early, I wasn’t expecting you to be this surprised.” He said. “Mycroft’s case was a dud, barely even a three, the fact that he called me out to it at all is an insult.” He’d barely finished before John was grabbing his phone hastily out from under the pile of papers and fleeing up to his bedroom.
“I’ve just got to run up and grab something from my room.” John said, running back up the stairs to delete the last sentence he’d written. When he got back, Sherlock had moved on to analysing Harry’s complete dumbfoundedness — in his regular English accent.
This was something John hadn’t written, anywhere. There hadn’t been much written backstory for Sherlock in general, aside of that his parents were still alive in a quaint house out in St Albans, that Mycroft worked, in some vague way, for the British government, and that Sherlock had suffered a great deal at the loss of his childhood playmate, a dog named Redbeard.
“You saw a nice little place in the paper this morning, you’d be able to afford it with a flatmate.” The other man said, now tying his scarf. “There’s a showing tomorrow evening, seven o’clock. Sorry, gotta dash; I think I’ve left my riding crop in the mortuary.” John’s gaze followed this stranger’s frenetic movements as he headed towards the exit of the lab, his interest quickly being replaced by irritation.
’. As he finished, hitting the period button with a kind of finality, they heard a loud crash from downstairs. John and Harry shared a look, and both went running down the stairs to see what had happened.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock,” John repeated, finally recalling his orb and shield into himself and rubbing his eyes with the back of a shaking hand, adrenaline still surging through his body. “What the buggering fuck was that?”
Greg grinned, his eyes sparkling with mischief. “Haven’t you been told? There’s going to be some fancy shindig for when you do. Medals and such. They’re all practically fighting to get the chance to host it, didn’t you know?”
Sherlock could feel Lestrade practically vibrate with disbelief. “Cap – what the hell are you doing? If she’s a blaster, you’re the only one who can –”
“You’ve met him, John. Tell me, would being his brother be something that you would tell other people willingly?”
The police officer blinked, and for a second there was nothing but confusion on his face; then, just as quickly, he shrugged and shook John’s hand briefly. “True enough, and good thing, too. My boys are still smarting over that last rugby match; I don’t think they want to see you or Lestrade anywhere near a field.”
For some reason, the smile simply became wider. “Indeed.” The government official sat back, now looking inexplicably pleased. “Well, then. If you are not going to ask the questions I know are in your head, I might as well tell you the answers.” He tapped a finger to his chin. “As I am sure you’ve noticed, Captain, Hughes has been under heavy surveillance these past few months. That he is part of a bigger conspiracy is almost certain; he has had too much success in what he does to convince me otherwise. The – ah – incident that night was the perfect example.”
“That she ought to keep 221C for my experiments. No one would really want to rent that room; it’s draughty and damp. In fact, I stored a collection of skin samples of varying thicknesses in one corner last month; one grew mould so fast that –”
“No!” The girl came alive in the circle of John’s arms, twisting powerfully, her arms flailing. “No, no, n-not you …”
The man nodded, making shadows move across his face as he did so, and John couldn’t help but notice how very striking he was: sharp cheekbones, aquiline nose and – rather incongruously, he thought – a mess of dark curls on his head. “You’re wearing your dress uniform but you’re obviously uncomfortable with it; it’s either you don’t enjoy the association or that you’ve not worn it in quite some time. I’d wager it’s both. Fabric says you’d had it dry cleaned and ironed probably yesterday, but there are still deep creases left over – dry cleaning never quite manages to straighten out thick cloth after all, so it’s been folded for a while – one year, maybe two, something heavy atop it, most likely linens. The lines around your wrist show you’d been deeply tanned around the same time, and that you’ve only started to regain your natural colouring recently. So: army man who’s been home for a year or two, from somewhere he could have gotten a tan. Where else have we sent our forces and brought them home fairly recently? Afghanistan … or Iraq.”
apartment?” John rubbed his left eyebrow with a thumb in an attempt to dispel the growing pain that was beginning to throb inside his skull; the Holmes brothers, if anything, seemed guaranteed to cause him headaches.
His approach went unnoticed on John’s part, given that John’s back was turned, but his companion – this Lestrade – immediately perked up as soon as he saw Sherlock and reached over to nudge John’s shoulder with a closed fist.
Sherlock looked up from the block and frowned, as if John was being deliberately slow. “I hate repeating myself, John, so do keep up. I already told you: I’ve come to a mutually pleasing decision, and I have spoken to Mrs. Hudson. That’s why she has agreed to rent me the place.”
And idiotic as it might sound, that was precisely what John did … because honestly, at this point – how could he not?
Sherlock huffed impatiently, as if this were of little import. “This is Captain Watson’s home, Detective Inspector. You can hardly expect for him to be elsewhere.”
“Yes, sir.” John kept his face as neutral as possible, and tapped the lip of the tumbler against his forehead in mock salute. “Queen and country.”
Many, many thanks to those who continue to follow this story -- your kudos(es) and comments mean the world to me, and keeps me going! Cheers!
“Ha. You’re one to talk where it comes to worried significant others,” Sherlock said acerbically before John could even begin to reply. “Divorced twice, both wives having left you with one child apiece, one of whom desperately wants a dog that you cannot give. Difficult to do so when you live in a walk up, is it? I am, admittedly, not a counsellor, but if you had gone to see one, any idiot with that Gift would know to tell you that – oh!”
Sherlock considered his brother’s words for a moment, then shrugged. “I don’t see how this concerns me. From what you said, this authority of yours has said nothing else in relation to me aside from the supposed increased interest in my – what did you call it? – civic mindedness. Interest does not necessarily mean I would be targeted next, Mycroft.”
So yes. Mycroft played a role in this somehow. But John had sworn, from that first day, that he was not under Mycroft’s employ, and Sherlock – after hours considering his available observation data – had to admit that John had been telling him the truth. In the absence of further information, therefore, Sherlock had decided to believe him, although something still kept him from truly trusting him. After all, there just
“Thank you,” John said as he sat down on the indicated seat. “And I don’t just mean the chair. These past few weeks, Mr. Holmes, your generosity has been –”
Skidding around a corner John slowed down to a quick jog, now purposefully treading lighter to avoid spooking his target. At the same time, he called upon his Gift, a silver orb of light coalescing in his left palm, sharpening to a point in anticipation. Then he ran his mind through a couple of scenarios, trying to quickly think of a plan that would offset the unfortunate advantage that the outward-opening door presented to his opponent; the few precious seconds where his sight would be obscured by the heavy wooden doors could easily spell the difference between life and death.
“Ah, yes.” Mycroft Holmes smiled, managing to somehow mix what seemed to be pity and disdain in a single gesture. “The obedience of a soldier."
for) nothing but a thank-you-you’re-welcome chat, perhaps a drink – both of which he got for a protracted duration, true enough – but apparently on top of that he was going to be given classified information by a man who obviously had a bigger agenda than he had initially thought.
“Not because it was any choice of yours; you know we’ve established that a long time ago. Fortunately, ridding myself of your presence is
Sherlock paused in his movements even as he glared at his brother incredulously. “And why would I willingly subject myself to
.” John pursed his lips. “But I also know why certain bits of information are withheld from certain people such as myself. My clearance is limited to a need-to-know basis, and as I’ve already said, I completely understand the reasoning behind that.”
A deep voice to his left startled John out of his reverie; belatedly he realised that he had been staring at the same spot since he had found a quiet, shadowed space in a recessed window seat, just off the main ballroom floor. He turned to see a tall man who was now sitting beside him, blue-green eyes intense. “I’m – what? Sorry?”
– but Sherlock despised the word so thoroughly that he couldn’t even bear thinking it. Certainly it wasn’t some mumbo-jumbo that made him do what he did; no, it had to be logic, some sort of information that had been subconsciously ingrained in his brain and brought him to the inescapable conclusion that he would be better off with John Watson in his life. What that supposed information was, however, Sherlock had yet to figure out.
“Yes, charming,” John smiled, trying for reassuring and knowing he probably ended up with something more like a grimace. “I did say I had never lived in a basement, but I’m up for something new at this point, anyhow.”
John allowed himself an answering grin before catching up with Sherlock, and together they moved off into the night.
that he is a very smart man, and he has any number of connections everywhere that not even I can keep track of at times despite my best efforts, some of whom can protect him if need be. This threat, however … I fear that this threat is well beyond him, or anyone else he currently knows.”
– defied logic as well. It was just that … something convinced him to keep John near, somewhere where Sherlock could observe him, study him, get to know him. His mother, with her Gift for intuition, would most likely have called it
“Don’t need to,” John said, hearing the return emphasis on his name, but continuing to walk towards the door.
A fleeting tightness clouded John’s expression, quickly replaced by what appeared to be a forced casualness
He pulled his Belstaff in tightly around his body as he slid into the dark, cool interior of the car, catching only a winking silver glimpse of the driver’s Gift as it was recalled. “I hope there’s a good reason behind your using the taxpayers’ money to set your driver after me, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, pulling the door shut with ill grace and turning to face the vehicle’s other occupant.
“It’s alright, sweetheart, we’re going to help …” John said placatingly, and Sherlock saw that, in the interim, John had managed to step near enough for the girl to actually be within arm’s reach. Sherlock felt a cold tingle at the back of his neck and felt something push him slightly backward; a quick look told him that John had actually brought out a gossamer thread of his power and was now using it to simultaneously create a wider berth for him and the girl while at the same time pulling her slowly towards him.
above the din of frightened screams before a shockwave of concussive heat bloomed in front of him and began to swallow him whole.
The other man continued speaking as though he had not heard John’s comment, staring at his drink intently. “Although obviously, these things come with the territory. This is not the first time an attempt has been made on my life, but even I have to admit that this was the first time it came so close to being actually successful.” Mycroft Holmes frowned, then looked up to meet John’s eyes. “You’ve seen the files I’ve shared with your team, I hope?”
Tired of holding the envelope out and trying to tamp down on his own growing annoyance over Mycroft’s insistence, John shifted to place it on the side table, putting the unopened thick folder on top of it, and made to rise. “Then I suggest you tell him this and make him understand; chain him to the cellar or something if you have to. At least he’d know what’s going on. He might not like it, but from my experience, the truth is generally preferable to lies.” He placed the tumbler on the table as well. “Thank you for your generosity,
As John watched, the door opened and a fourth figure joined the group, silver light suddenly shining against the buttery yellow glow cast by the room’s lamps. The way the other figures now seemed to move back and away from the newcomer, as if they had been startled or threatened, twigged something deep in John’s gut, and his senses went on full alert.
“Ah, Captain Watson. So good of you to be here.” Mycroft Holmes smiled at him, then gestured towards a chair with his umbrella. “Please, do sit.”
“No, it isn’t,” the man said with a shrug, “But things have never really been fair, as far as I’m concerned.”
John nodded, opening the packet and pulling out the dossier. He didn’t get the chance to take a real look at the man that night, but the photo he now held showed a balding white male in dark glasses, looking around a street.
“Yes. That’s how flat shares work, don’t they? We split the rent, and it would, in turn, allow me to use the other half of what I usually pay Mrs. Hudson to cover 221C.”
“Well,” Greg said, “The last time you suited up, you ended up with an assassin and half of Britain’s finest in your debt. Maybe second time’s the charm.”
“Alright, Captain, hang on. Second floor, west wing, window side: Lady and Lord Lexington. Mycroft Holmes.” A beat. “Can’t seem to track the fourth. Bloody hell.” Greg cursed even more colourfully under his breath. “Careful on the entrance, Captain. Door opens outwards. I’m sending others in, too.”
why you are here, isn’t it? And don't even think of lying to me; you know what I can do, it won’t work.”
John had already turned away, fully intending to walk out of the library, when Mycroft spoke again. “You didn’t even look at the folder,
“Yes, well, I live here now. Apparently.” John stepped forward, offering a hand to Dimmock in an attempt to stave off further questions – after all, John was still wrapping his own head around the sudden turn of events with regards to his residence, and he figured it was just fair that no one else got to think about it any further before he did. “Detective Inspector. It’s been a while.”
“They did tell me it was all from Mycroft Holmes. Strange, I’d never have pegged him to be the thankful type. None of those bureaucrats usually are.” John pursed his lips in thought for a moment, then shook his head, deciding to table his doubts for another day. “Anyhow, that’s not important. Have you got any intel on the assassin? How’d he manage to slip through the outside perimeter?”
long, and yes, I was looking for him.” He looked down at John, who had initially tried turning his bar stool unsuccessfully to look around at Sherlock and was now staring up at him as if he had sprouted three heads. “Oh, for God’s sake, John, stop looking like you’d witnessed a bloody miracle. You
So if you've been waiting for the next installment of this fic -- thank you, thank you for your patience. I really hope this chapter is worth the wait!
“A wife cheating on her husband with a lesbian lover. The public library’s internet isn’t being hacked into; it’s just the head archivist who has been masking his unhealthy interest in pornography by systematically sabotaging their internet connection every time he uses it. Two neighbours in a feud over roses; the other doesn’t know that it’s a rare shrub, so he’s spray painting the buds in hopes that the idiot next door doesn’t notice it until he’s spirited the whole thing away.” Sherlock waved a dismissive hand towards the laptop where it rested on top of their work desk. “There. Solved. Ugh.”
“Cap, it didn’t just work. You single-handedly saved something like half the British government. I mean, look at this.” Greg swept his hand towards John. “You may be in hospital because you still need to be, but I can tell you that those linens on your bed and that pillow your head is on and that parsnip soup thing you just had in that fancy bowl are not standard issue. I’ve spent enough time in these hellholes, I should know.”
Sherlock straightened his Belstaff and spared his brother a final scathing glance; Mycroft met his eyes without flinching. “Sod off, Mycroft,” he said, then turned and walked away without another word.
“Photo and file came from Holmes himself, so I wouldn’t be surprised if this guy had tripped off some Secret Service wires or something. But if he did, they’re not telling us. Yet.” Greg shook his head. “At least there hadn’t been any more parties since you went down, Cap, so even if our perp here was part of some greater conspiracy I’m not yet too worried that someone else is going to make a move. Of course, when you get out of here …”
“Well – yes. Lestrade – that is, our tracker – showed it to me just over a week ago, while I was still in hospital.”
With no time or thought to spare, John called on his Gift for one last, desperate move – and for a shivering moment everything went still, time suspending, slowing down to seconds …
“No,” Mycroft said. “His Gift and mine are different, but not at odds. They might be even called complementary, but that is wishful thinking – my brother has not willingly worked with me or my Gift for as long as I care to remember.”
Sherlock pulled a face. “I know you have great trust in her, Inspector, but her Gift is still more suited to the laboratory.” He flicked a glance at John, and somehow John knew what he was going to say next. “I’ll go under one condition. John goes with me.”
“Hang on,” John said, catching the implication in Greg’s tone and frowning. “What about for when I get out of here?”
John fought the brief but very strong temptation to send Mycroft a photo of him flipping the bird; with a sigh, he decided to simply refrain from replying, deleting all the messages before turning his phone off and replacing it on the nightstand.
“Oh, really? My first place with my husband was just like this, you know. Damp.” She peered at him worriedly, as if she had suddenly realised that she was jeopardising her own chances of getting a new tenant. “But charming. Surely you see that? It’s charming, isn’t it, Doctor Watson?”
John blinked at Sherlock – but instead of jumping into action as he normally would, he suddenly drew back as if burnt, took a little stumbling step away from the girl, his face twisting in horror and revulsion.
“Those are for amateurs, John. You’re forgetting that these people are very, very good at what they do.” Mycroft shook his head. “As I said a while ago – that night, when you saved all our lives – that is an example. Lord and Lady Lexington, as you probably know, are cousins of the Queen, thrice removed. When Hughes appeared, he told us that it was the royal family link that merited their – and of course, consequently, our – deaths. I recall Lady Lexington telling him that they weren’t that close to the royalty, but he seemed indifferent to the distinction.”
“Of course,” Mycroft said as Sherlock opened the car door and slid out as smoothly as he had gotten in. “And while I imagine that you wouldn’t care to listen to this, either … do be careful, Sherlock.”
.” Sherlock shook his head, suddenly weary. “Let me out, Mycroft. I have had enough of this conversation.”
Sherlock’s brows rose. Tracking wasn’t easy to avoid if one’s Gift did not naturally allow for it, necessitating shielders or perhaps even obfuscators round the clock. Added to the apparent futility of the search despite the length of time in which it had been done boiled down to one thing: this authority – if he was even that – was higher on the ranks than the government had suspected if the group behind these threats were so willing to protect him, so closely and for so long. “How did you even manage to bring him into custody in the first place?”
“Showtime,” Greg muttered as they all watched events unfold from their various posts; John could imagine everyone leaning forward to keep a closer eye on their respective assignments, be it government official or any one of the rich and famous that dotted the current landscape. This was, after all, the reason why they were even all here in there first place.
John thought to himself with a small smile, then lifted the document to reveal the last page. It was another surveillance photo, with a name penned in underneath – Holmes, William Sherlock Scott – and John felt his smile slip and a strange buzz of excitement fizz through his veins as he took in the familiar blue-green eyes, aquiline nose, and gorgeous mop of curls.
“Well, you did say something about me going into retirement,” John said mildly, forcing himself to smile and willing the ghostly images of the past to the back of his mind. He had enough time to deal with them every time he closed his eyes, after all. “Let it not be said that I don’t take your suggestions seriously, Greg.”
Firstly, my apologies for the delay -- real life called and wanted my hours, so I had to oblige. Anyhow, am back with a new chapter!
“Yes, yes, that’s me,” she said, ushering him forward and into the foyer. “Please, come in from the cold. This building isn’t all that new, and I’d only just started the heater in the apartment you wanted to see –”
and instead focused on making his mind reel out observations and possible conclusions as quickly as he could.
Mycroft lifted his gaze to hold John’s. “You don’t understand. My brother cannot be left as he is. He is too vulnerable.”
John groaned. Leave it to the rich to think that the rest of humanity was starved for their accolades. “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
Before anyone else could react, John quickly stepped forward, calling on his shield as he did so, throwing up a superheated one that caused the bullet to disintegrate halfway and disappeared as soon as the threat was past. Without breaking stride, he drew on his silver orb, pulling an extra thread of power to make it dazzle-bright as he split it into a dozen and bade them surround the suspect, hoping he would be sufficiently cowed by the display and give himself up.
“Police idiocy,” Sherlock said, sniffing in affront. He tugged the flaps of his coat tighter about himself and turned the collar up against the chill wind. “Evidence lost. Crime scenes tampered with, sometimes utterly destroyed. I can’t do what I do without
Mrs. Hudson only nodded with what he could only describe as a knowing smile, and John could swear that he felt her eyes on his back as he left.
“—a blaster, John,” Sherlock breathed, turning his gaze towards John. “She’s still new to her Gift, so her radius and impact will be limited, but watch out –”
“Roger on that,” John replied, putting on a burst of speed that he knew he would pay for later in terms of leg pain, but Greg’s inability to track one of the occupants of the room he had specified told him enough.
John looked up to see Sherlock looming over him; for a split-second his figure was overlaid on a field of bodies and a bloody Afghan sun, but then John blinked and the image was gone. John shook his head quickly to clear it, automatically seeking refuge in deflection. “You’re the one whose brains could have been decorating that third-floor flat right now. And you’re asking
“You better hope they don’t review these tapes, Captain,” Greg said, laughter in his voice. “They won’t think twice about sending you back into retirement, you know.”
“You … quit? But why?” Sherlock frowned. “You must have an extremely powerful Gift to have been able to withstand that explosion; the amount of semtex strapped to that assassin’s chest should have levelled a twenty-storey building. And yet you not only shielded everyone; you
“—obvious, yeah, I know. To you.” John interjected with another smile. “But we don’t all have your Gift. We can’t see what you do. So people get upset.”
“Don’t bother.” John flapped the envelope at Mycroft, who did not make a move to take it. “I thank you for the opportunity – but I think your brother should be given the freedom to choose. And if whatever he chooses to do or not do has repercussions on you, then – as you said – you and your parents have excellent protection. That should suffice.”
“Sod off, Lestrade,” John said good-naturedly, straightening up from his stretch and sweeping his eyes once more around the mansion grounds, this time noting the changed positions of the various celebrities and government officials he was supposed to be guarding on the lawn below. “And keep your eyes on the rest of the perimeter, not on me.”
from the British Security Forces, as he had said he did – a move that was practically unheard of – he had also actively
Mrs. Hudson finally managed to open all the locks and, giving the door a hard tug, swept her hands towards the space in a magnanimous gesture. “Here you go, Doctor. 221C.”
John heard the sudden burst of static that meant Greg had begun calling on his Gift to help him track precisely who it was that stood inside the location he had named, and blocked it out momentarily to focus on sliding down the fire escape without losing his footing. Inwardly he thanked his lucky stars that as the highest-ranking officer in the retinue he had been stationed above everything, which meant he only needed to rely on gravity to get him faster to his destination, but even then he was out of breath by the time he arrived at his intended floor.
Sherlock looked up then, and began pulling off his safety glasses. “Oh. I thought you were still asleep.”
“Well, it might be news to you, but I can imagine how some people might not like hearing their secrets being spilled in public.”
Sherlock’s brow raised in disbelief. “Impossible. That nosy git always tries to insinuate himself into my life. That you are a protector would make him even more determined to try and recruit you.”
John could only stare as Sherlock let go of him and walked away, crossing the sitting room to flop gracefully on the leather chair, but even with the outwardly relaxed posture Sherlock’s gaze remained sharp and focused on the stair landing. Within a few seconds, the so-named detective made his appearance at their doorway, red-faced and panting after having run up the stairs. As soon as he stepped into the room, however, he halted in his tracks, frowning at John in surprised recognition, then at Sherlock, then back at John.
“Then that’s settled … John,” Sherlock said softly in his impossible baritone, and he was now a few steps away, his eyes seemingly turning silver in the dim light. And was it John’s imagination, or was Sherlock paler, his cheekbones sharper, his lips somehow plusher than he remembered? “Don’t you think so?”
Mycroft looked at him for a second, his expression carefully schooled; with a delicate sniff, he reached over the chair he had been sitting on to pull out a thick file folder from seemingly nowhere. “Here is a more complete file on Mr. Hughes, as well as whatever intel we have gathered on the group to which he belongs. The network is rather vast, as you will see, stretching as far as Russia and Japan. There are reports that place sleeper agents in China, Africa, and Israel within that web.”
John went with her agreeably, casting a surreptitious glance up as he passed the flight of stairs, catching sight of a landing but nothing else. “Uh, so … you said 221C is a basement, right?”
“Yeah, you did, you definitely did.” Lestrade now shifted his attention to Sherlock, giving him an appraising look, and, much to Sherlock’s dismay, he suddenly knew exactly what Lestrade was going to say next before he even next spoke. “But you also said it was his Gift. But then if it’s his Gift, how come –”
,” Sherlock grinned suddenly, and the expression made his features somehow younger. “You invaded Afghanistan.”
John frowned at his phone as he typed his response. How did Mycroft get his number? He didn’t recall giving it.
“It’s getting late,” Sherlock said, gesturing towards the sky with one cocked eyebrow. “Dinner, then?”
“Well then, I wish you luck,” John said, and from the rustling Sherlock gathered that John was putting his jacket on. “I’m off.”
The flush on Lestrade’s face had gone steadily darker as Sherlock continued with his monologue, but his eyes were not narrowed in anger; instead, he blinked at Sherlock, glanced at John as if Sherlock had been an incredibly clever party trick that John had managed to procure for him, then looked back at Sherlock with undisguised intrigue. “Oh? Oh what?”
Mycroft sighed. “Suffice it say that my brother’s – how should I say it? – abilities have preceded him, and that these individuals have taken note. They will use it against him, so that, by extension, he will use it against me and the British government.”
Dimmock let out a noisy breath, sounding resigned. “Oh, fine,” he said. “God help me, but … fine. Will you ride in the car?”
“Ah. So as per usual, the concern is not about the family member himself, but whether he would become an effective bargaining chip,” Sherlock said coolly, feeling the now-familiar sting of disappointment that he had come to associate with his older brother over the years and shoving it away with practised ease. “I thought I had made my opinion on this very clear, Mycroft – this is your problem, not mine. I can take care of myself.”
“Fair enough.” John gave a short nod, accepting the change in formality with equanimity. “So, Mycroft – why did you
“Don’t mention it, Captain,” the other man said dismissively as the doors opened again and a different manservant appeared, this time bearing a tray with glasses, an ice bucket, and a bottle of whiskey. “I am the one who is in your debt, and seeing to your comfort during your convalescence was the least I could have done. I am only thankful that we had the foresight to put you in charge of that night’s security.” He paused as the tray and its contents were silently deposited on a console. “Would you care for a glass?”
Thank you so much to those who have taken the time to read, bookmark, and comment on my work -- you guys have given me such a boost and such inspiration to keep this story going! Going forward, I shall try my level best to publish a chapter a week so I don't keep anyone waiting. Fingers crossed and wish me luck!
“Deductions,” John supplied, breaking into such a proud grin that Sherlock could not help but preen, just a little. “I told you.”
Mycroft shook his head in exasperation. “Why are you so determined not to accept what protection I can provide you as well, Sherlock?”
“Needs must.” Mycroft replied mildly. “All I was asking was for you to look at the folder. If, after doing so, you really feel that you do not wish to take my offer, then I will respect your wishes.”
John heard the pride in his voice and could not help but smile. “Oh? Near-perfect? What happened to the other cases?”
“Consulting detective?” John asked distractedly as he watched the medical team lift the heavy stretcher into the waiting ambulance and feeling the tingling in his fingers finally ebb slowly away. “What’s that, exactly?”
John felt himself blushing. “No, no, it’s not at all what you think. We met a few nights ago, there was a party –”
He called once more on his Gift and now his orb sprang, readily, onto his open palm, lengthening into a spear which he planted onto the floor, using the momentum to help him swing to his feet. He bent his legs as he did, tensing his muscles for either flight or fight, and was slightly surprised to feel himself slide slightly forward, his spear losing its footing as it took on his weight. Since when did sand feel … slippery?
“But you wouldn’t be telling me this if the problem has been solved by simply finding the mole. This isn’t a simple thank you chat, is it?” John sat forward, sharpening his tone. “I’m sorry if this sounds rude, Mr. Holmes, but I would appreciate it if you could speak to me more plainly, with none of the mysterious cloak-and-dagger act that you politicians seem to favour. I’ve never been much for veiled discussion and such.”
“As I’ve said before, John, my body is nothing but transport.” Sherlock flopped a hand over his eyes. “I don’t need a pint or chips. What I need is a
John hesitated – as he had just demonstrated, Mycroft Holmes was perfectly capable of manipulating good will into something that served his purposes – but right now the eyes that steadily met his contained to guile, no falsehood; at least, none that he could see. He sighed. “Alright. Fine.”
That night his dreams still featured a battlefield – but instead of sand, all that was under his feet were the blinking lights of London as he surveyed them from a rooftop.
Sherlock paced around the room as John watched him with a mix of bemusement and exasperation. “You can’t keep bugging Dimmock for cases, Sherlock. The man can’t produce cases out of thin air just to amuse you.”
“You got no hope of that, Cap,” Greg laughed good-naturedly, obviously enjoying John’s consternation. “But who knows? Keep your mind open. Maybe you’ll enjoy it, anyway.”
A text message came right before John managed to drop off to sleep, back in his bedsit, his body worn out not only by the day’s excitement and his continued recuperation but also because packing his belongings – meagre as they were – had still taken longer than he thought it would.
John stretched his neck sideways until he heard his left shoulder pop, then rubbed it swiftly to chase the lingering pain away. Careful not to dislodge the earpiece whose wires snaked its way down his chest and onto the receiver jammed into his inner pocket, he bent slightly at the waist, groaning softly as he felt his joints creak.
The man raised an eyebrow but said nothing else; instead, he sat back, deeper into the seat, half-hiding his face in shadow. John felt the loss keenly; he hadn’t realised how much he had been enjoying watching the man’s face until he couldn’t see it any more. Wanting to draw the strange man back out into conversation, John shifted slightly on the seat, purposefully angling his body so that some of the light coming from the ballroom would spill into their alcove. “So … you obviously know why I’m here, but why are
Lestrade sighed, his shoulders drooping in defeat as he nodded miserably. “Yeah. Like genius over there said.” He grabbed his pint where it stood on the bar counter and took a quick sip. “Took a leaf out of your book, Cap. Figured I should maybe make a go of a normal life, so when Dimmock gave me a call a few days ago to ask if I was willing to come back to the Yard –”
The corners of the girl’s lips went up but the rest of it stayed stubbornly down, as if she were trying to smile, but the rest of her did not agree. “I’ve s-sent you a little puzzle, j-just to s-say hi,” she said.
“No, you weren’t,” Sherlock said confidently. “The damp and cold will exacerbate the conditions of your old shoulder injury; it would very likely keep you from healing quickly from the latest ones – you’re a doctor, however out of practice you might be; surely you know this. Besides, whatever additional expense I would incur from leasing that room would be offset by your additional input towards the rent of this apartment. An ideal situation all around.”
“Yeah. Your Gift for observation, wasn’t it?” John frowned. “Although I thought the way Gifts worked was that you could pretty much pull something out of nothing. It
“Yes, yes, rugby and mud and sweat. Dull,” Sherlock interrupted, waving an impatient hand. “Detective Inspector, I hope you’re not here to discuss
“Don’t you think it’s hypocritical to tell me to let my brother mind his own business when you cannot seem to do that for your own sibling?” Mycroft continued relentlessly, ignoring his question. “In the end, John, are we really all that different?”
since John had moved in and Sherlock still watched him continuously, avidly, if secretly – and it was an almost single-minded focus that had yet to wane on his end, broken only by cases and some of the most pressing experiments that he had to run for his own elucidation; but even then the question of John Watson was not put aside but merely placed on hold, to be taken out again and examined whenever the opportunity presented itself.
John turned back around to face Mycroft, who – to his surprise – had apparently stood up as well and had followed him, the thick folder now in his right hand and his left holding the umbrella such that it was behind his back, its silver tip winking briefly. Mycroft waggled the folder lightly at him. “Please?”
Sherlock sat back even further into his seat, hands now on the chair’s armrests, studying John in silence and narrowing his eyes as if in suspicion, most likely searching for any sign of duplicity. John forced himself to stay quiet, not wanting to disturb that strangely intense focus, and instead studied Sherlock in return. He noted the long, tapering fingers of Sherlock’s left hand, which were now tapping in an absentminded sort of rhythm, and idly wondered whether that meant that he played the piano or something similar. After all, those sorts of fingers would most likely be dexterous –
“Twelve hours to solve … my puzzle, Sherlock,” the girl continued. “Or I’m going to be so … naughty.”
John smiled, helplessly charmed. “Then what do you say we get out for some air, then? Maybe go around the paths a little, stretch our legs? I thought I saw a lovely garden –”
“An Army doctor,” Sherlock said slowly, flicking a quick glance at Mrs. Hudson, then returning his full attention to John. “Are you any good?”
“Holy mother –” Lestrade muttered as he came up to stand beside Sherlock. “Captain, I think she’s –”
? – has significantly increased over the past three months, brother mine.” Mycroft sniffed, looking briefly out of the window. “I’ve told you this before, but I’ll say it again, and with greater urgency: you
John had not planned to bring his Gift out to the fore – protectors were highly uncommon, and those who did possess a certain degree of proficiency in the control of such a Gift usually ended up employed by the highest echelons of society and were therefore rarely seen outside of the danger zones – but the moment the gun swerved towards Sherlock all his hesitation dropped away, fear and a surprising fury mingling in his gut even as he took in the slightest widening in Sherlock’s eyes that told him that not even his Gift for observation had prepared him for that move.
Sherlock looked out the window, completely unsurprised to see that they had just pulled up to John’s favourite pub and Sherlock’s intended location, the Pig and Whistle; Mycroft, after all, had his uses sometimes. “As you well know.”
that every other thought he may have had was wiped blank and replaced with the idea of simply backtracking and walking away. At that precise moment, however, Sherlock also managed to spot John in the dense dinner-and-drinks crowd; his flatmate had already taken off his coat and was now easily recognizable in his oatmeal jumper – an apparent, if unfortunate, favourite of John’s. (God only knew how many times Sherlock had tried to destroy the wretched thing, but unfortunately, it was as if John had some sort of sixth sense whenever Sherlock had any dark designs on this particular jumper and managed to thwart all his attempts so far.)
“Well, I don’t really know what else to do, and it’s where my Gift had always been best used,” Lestrade said defensively. “Not all of us have medical degrees under our belts, Cap. I mean, what would you have me do instead? Find runaway cats or something?”
The girl’s jaw twitched; Sherlock could see her now trying actively to keep herself from speaking, but clearly whoever it was that was making her do what she was doing was much more powerful in his or her Gift than she could resist
John blinked, his mind latching on to the only words that made sense to him in the whole monologue. “Boring? I was being … boring?”
John shook his head in resignation. “Fat chance. Those things are boring as hell. How can anything that fancy be anything else?”
John stepped cautiously inside the sitting room, noting the fireplace (empty) and the skull that was perched on the mantle (a real one); there were two chairs right in front of it, a squashy, comfortable-looking red chintz and a chrome-and-black-leather affair. Instinctively he went towards the red one, knowing that it would fit him more than the other, but caught himself mid-stride. His host was not around, after all, and he didn’t yet know if he was welcome to sit anywhere – Mycroft had warned John of Sherlock’s eccentricities, although what they were, precisely, he did not know; he had not
“Bloody hell,” he cursed out loud as the rest of the room swam before his eyes – he was not in the desert; he was in an apartment, one that had carpets slung around on the wooden floor and a pair of mismatched chairs sitting in front of a fireplace.
John nodded and raised his glass as well even as he wondered, if absently, how this man knew that he always took whiskey with precisely two cubes of ice. “Thank you, Mr. Holmes. And to yours, as well.”
Once the girl was near enough for John to reach out and take hold, John recalled his Gift, and immediately the silver threads shrank back towards his body. Suddenly freed, the girl staggered forwards, and John expertly caught her even as Lestrade and Sherlock hurried to come near.
Gift ends up working for the government and dedicating their lives to the insinuation of their abominably large noses into other people’s business.” He glared at John. “No. My Gift is in observing. I observe everything, and that is how I
Tedious.” Sherlock shook his head, as if the very memory bothered him. “Besides, I was sure that my brother would ask to talk to you by the time supper was over, and I do avoid talking to him if I could at all help it.”
“No, no,” Dimmock said, flushing. “There’s … ah. A stiff at Lauriston Gardens. Brixton. Can’t make heads or tails of it. Will you come?”
“All owned by the same man, who, you will find, has insured his properties for a hefty sum. Gambling is never a good vice, John, you would do well to remember.”
“By putting to use methods that, clearly, are no longer effective.” Mycroft now shifted his attention to his lap, frowned, then looked back up to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “It’s also because of that fact that we have decided to momentarily suspend our efforts to relocate him and have instead decided to focus our energies on protecting those we feel may be prime targets.”
Hooking the umbrella on his right arm to free his hands, Mycroft Holmes poured a generous measure into two tumblers, included two ice cubes in one glass, and left the other untouched. He handed the glass with ice to John, then raised his own in salute. “To your health, Captain Watson.”
Sherlock listened to the door open and close as John took his leave. He gritted his teeth in futile frustration, feeling restless in his own skin, buzzing with energy that had nowhere to go, feeling akin to a rocket trapped on a launchpad, about to explode. If there was anything he hated more than not having cases, it was having to wait, and whenever he tried to exercise anything akin to patience, he often ended up almost short circuiting. His mind rebelled against stagnation, and waiting was simply stagnation mixed with hopeless anticipation, which made it even worse.
“But if that’s the case, why hire me? He’d just reject me. I might be one person, but he would still see me as part of your retinue. I don’t think that will make him agree to it any more than a whole army would.”
“Lestrade, tracking needed on the second floor, west wing, window side,” he said urgently into his microphone, launching himself into action even as he spoke. “Four live ones, suspicious activity. Repeat, suspicious activity. I’m going in.”
“Oh, don’t bother explaining, dear,” Mrs. Hudson interjected, waving his explanation away. “Just go on ahead. I’ll just be here, anyway, and if you’ll still be needing the space, just knock on 221A.”
John sighed in his sleep, and Sherlock slouched further down in his couch, ready to feign nonchalance rather than be caught watching his flat mate – even in his own limited understanding of how the world worked, Sherlock knew that such things would most likely be deemed as A Bit Not Good by anyone, and it could only be worse if John were to catch him at it – but thankfully the object of his attention slept on even as he shifted, and, apparently finding the space even more limited than his own twin bed, simply shuffled closer to the corner where the back rest met the seat, tucking his head more firmly on his pillow and his arms in to conserve space: a soldier used to makeshift spaces, even in slumber. The movement reminded Sherlock of the fact that, despite all the outward appearances of a quiet man in frankly hideous jumpers and an inordinate fondness for tea and toast, John was – is – a dangerous man, a powerful protector who, for some reason, had decided to quit a career in the British Security Forces to seek the nondescript life of a general practitioner.
“Look at them go, the bastards,” Greg said again, after a moment of silence. “Wining and dining and stabbing in the back, all with a smile. God, it makes me wish I’m just back at the Yard, tracking down the average murderer.”
“Huh. Looks like it’s time for dinner,” John said, taking one last look at the gathering crowd before turning back around to face the other person, fully intending to tell him that he wouldn’t have minded going out to the gardens anyway – but that was as far as he got, because the moment he brought his full attention back to the space beside him, John found it as empty as it was when he had first sat there.
,” the girl answered tonelessly even as she hiccupped through sobs. “And this s-stupid bitch … is just the one s-saying it out loud for me.”
John stood up and brushed what mud he could off his pants, letting the paramedics take over from where he had started. They had taken a while to arrive and, being the only medical doctor on hand, John had to perform what he could in terms of life support on their suspect (Jeff Hope, as Sherlock had helpfully supplied). It really had been much too long since he had done something of the sort, and now, in sudden and abrupt realisation, his shoulder began to ache with the memory, his fingers tingling as he deliberately took one, two, three steps away.
“As it must have become obvious to you the moment you sensed trouble, there appears to be a mole within the force, planted with obvious forethought and planning.” Holmes went on, his voice now taking on a controlled, measured tone. “Needless to say, this individual has already been discovered, apprehended, and dealt with accordingly.”
All conversation now forgotten, Sherlock watched as John instinctively jumped into action, making his way swiftly towards the young man, muttering brief but polite requests for people to move and let him pass. Sherlock exchanged a quick look with Lestrade, and without a word, both of them proceeded to follow in John’s wake, eventually finding themselves in the narrow, dimly-lit alleyway behind the pub, joining a small gaggle of onlookers who had been likewise curious enough to step out of the pub along with them to stare at a young woman who was sobbing hysterically but appeared to be otherwise unhurt.
“—bedsit, yes. But Sherlock’s flat is much bigger, and he can use someone to share the rent, which I can provide. Likewise, I can find you locum work in a nearby clinic, so that you can maintain a semblance of separation, as he is very keen –”
The man’s eyes widened at the word, as if scandalised at the very thought. “A seer? Don’t be absurd. Anyone with
John felt Sherlock’s hand clamp around his upper arm; he looked up, and as soon as their eyes met again John’s shield wavered and disappeared promptly. “Not a threat,” Sherlock murmured, shaking his head once. “Detective Inspector Dimmock.”
“And give you leave to bug every surface of my flat, watch every move I make, decide who I can consort with, jump to conclusions about whether I’m clean or not, send me off to rehab without giving me any choice in the matter?” Sherlock spat. “I will
Closing his eyes briefly, John grit his teeth. “That’s none of your business. I can’t believe you would stoop to such a low blow.”
John paused in front of 221 Baker Street, checking the small slip of paper that he held in his hand to make sure he had got the correct address. It wasn’t a hard place to find; the Jubilee Line was quite handy, and the door was very clearly marked with brass numbers, gleaming dully against the dark paint.
“Asleep? You expect me to be asleep while you … blew things up?” John exhaled loudly. “Jesus. What were you doing anyway? Couldn’t you have waited until I was actually awake?”
“On good authority. Hmm.” Sherlock sat back as he narrowed his eyes at Mycroft. He noted the carefully cultivated body posture and facial expression that screamed nothing but aggrieved annoyance, and the slight sheen of sweat on Mycroft’s upper lip that said the absolute opposite. “And since when has this
