“Thank you Sherlock.” John managed to sigh out just before sleep consumed him.
THE END
Just as he lowered his head in acceptance, his eyes pinched shut tightly in a desperate attempt to disconnect from his body, an outright roar echoed loudly in the narrow space.
Charlie huffed a bit in dismay by the mention of John, but looked to be reflecting over this new information.
For once Sherlock’s lips twisted into a small grin.
Sherlock’s mouth felt dry and it seemed like his heart had dropped to his stomach as it slowly started to dawn on him what he’d done and just how far he’d crossed the invisible line to breaking John Watson’s heart.
“I’m not sure. Maybe.. It feels like a draft coming from that wall over here.. Strange.” John muttered as he neared the wall.
Sally turned her head and wrapped her own arms protectively around herself. “It doesn’t matter.. I should get back to work.” She tried to brush off. But Sherlock couldn’t help but notice how she tensed up when referring to return upstairs to work.
“I’m sure the bacteria will behave nicely until we come back love.” John sighed, but with a smile on his face.
Mycroft shook his head. “Not that we’ve heard, but John must still be in there with that madman.”
“Takeout is here.” He announced.
“How many?” He asked lowly.
John finished his heaving and panted in exhaustion, but still managed to stammer out through clattering teeth. “I’m f-fine.. I’m not hit.. I g-got him before he got m-me.. Really..”
But the boy shook off the comment quickly. “I know Mr. Holmes, but that’s not important right now. It’s Charlie.”
“Thanks..” Anderson muttered and accepted the drink.
John swallowed before lifted his right hand. His thump gently caressed along the prominent cheekbone before his fingers made their way to the black frame itself and followed one of the temple arms all the way from the front to the curve behind the ear.
“I am NOT out making trouble! I just saw my friend getting dragged by a huge man into an alley a few blocks away and I’m afraid he’s gonna hurt him! We need to go help him NOW!!” The boy practically begged.
"Rough day John?" Sherlock stated more than asked his boyfriend, careful to let his sincere and fair mix of worry and compassion show in both his face and his voice (as John had explained him that such feelings weren't always truthful if merely stated without the genuine aid of facial expression and voice pitch) as John buried his face into Sherlock’s neck, inhaling his cologne and wrapped his hands tightly around the taller man.
John nodded in understanding, never stopping massaging the hands between his own.
Suddenly the door was swung violently open and the two men stood face to face. John’s eyes were still filled with pain and anguish, but his lips were in a tight line and as he spoke his voice was tense and low;
Finally they reached their destination, a small terraced house on Knightsbridge. Even though it was late, almost 1:30pm at night, all lights were still on inside. Sherlock paid the cabbie his fare and exited unto the pavement with Charlie ahead of him. Once the cab was gone Charlie and Sherlock stood still and looked towards the house. Charlie looked pensive and slightly scared and Sherlock watched the young boy, simply waiting for Charlie to gather himself enough to approach the house.
“Thank you John.. I.. I really needed to hear that.” Sherlock mumbled tiredly into the warm chest in front of him.
“Mycroft it’s the only way. I’m military trained, you’re not. I can take care of myself. When you get out of here call Greg Lestrade for help and have him bring backup.” John pulled out the gun Mycroft had handed him earlier. “I only have 6 bullets to hold this guy off with, so have them hurry though.”
Okay that might not be the most romantic way to go about things, but this was Sherlock after all.
“Thanks John.” Mrs. Hudson smiled and squeezed the doctors hand gently. She then looked to Sherlock who stood right behind John, having looked on frettingly the whole time. “You see dear, nothing serious. Thanks to you I’ll be up and running again in no time.”
“John! John! Breath, come on. I’m here, I’m right here with you. Take a deep breath.” Sherlock guided as well as he could, but it was obvious he was affected by seeing his lover in such distress.
When John finally made it home to 221b Baker street he ran up the stairs as fast as he could. There were no lights on, but John could still make out the unmistakably shape of Sherlock slumped in the armchair.
“So, what you’re saying is, the shopkeeper did it?” John summed up.
Mycroft shuffled a bit on the spot before locking eyes with John once again, his eyes serious and portraying a great deal of protectiveness. “If you break my brother’s heart John Watson, no one will be able to pick the pieces back up. Sherlock has already suffered through more betrayals than most because of society’s judgement of his eccentric character and from people who used or manipulated him for his abilities.” Mycroft paused before continuing. “That’s the reason Sherlock build up his emotionless detachment to the rest of the world and labelled himself as a sociopath. He choose a life of loneliness and drugs to protect himself from ever being hurt like that again. That was until you came along. Sherlock’s walls have crumbled John and for some unexplainable reason decided you of all people are worth that risk.  If he were to suffer the same fate from you as he did back then.. It will surely be the end of my brother…” Mycroft finished grimly.
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh a little at Charlie’s description of his lover. “Well I’m sure it’s not going to come to that anyway so lets get go knock on the door shall we?”
Greg huffed out a half laugh and shrugged slightly. “Damn, am I that obvious?” He muttered and took another swig of his beer.
"Yeah, thought you might like that, sure looked like you could use it at the time."
Sherlock’s eyes frowned in confusion. “But.. That’s way out of her division. Why would she do that?” He asked.
“Oh it isn’t farfetched.. You both reek of your overpriced Calvin Klein perfume and judging from the intensity of that smell and the darkness of the hickey poorly hidden under Anderson’s scarf I would say it haven’t been more than approximately 2 hours since you two went at it inside the office supply room, from which I assume those ink stains that can be found on the hands of you both, is from” Sherlock said in nearly one breath.
John winched and gasped as yet another sharp stab of pain pierced his shoulder, centering in his old wound from Afghanistan. Though it was nothing unusual at this time of year for his shoulder to act up (the cold weather always made it stiff and aching) it was still a painful and dreaded experience each time. The pain was often accompanied by small yet rough and ruthless flashbacks from that ill-fated day he had received the wound – the day he and his entire team had ambushed and he, despite his greatest efforts, had lost three men at his hands.
“Point taken.” He chuckled.
“That certainly doesn’t sound too good. Let me just get my bag, I’ll be back in one minute.” John said as he raced up the stairs to find what he needed.
“So sorry miss Donovan, but we all think you might need a bit of a timeout.” One of the voices said. It was another constable named Robertson, Sally recognized.
Mrs. Hudson wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s own and the detective unconsciously leaned into the comforting touch.
“It took me a whole week to figure out this man’s attack pattern alone!! He’s not some amateur who’s just going to hide in a hole for a few weeks and then reappear!! Now that he knows I’ve wound up on him he is going to change his entire M.O and have time to correct those tiny faults in his patterns to make him as good as undetectable!! Do you understand?! All my work, all these hours utterly wasted! The chance of there ever being a next time is next to nothing!! And it’s all your fault!!”
“Don’t be. I told you my door is always open. Now quickly, get inside and get warm you’re shivering, are you sick? Do I need to fetch John?” Sherlock asked, scanning the boy from top to bottom in an attempt to figure out the boy’s distress.
Sherlock couldn’t help but let out a small chocked sob.
Sherlock can feel a wet spot forming and spreading on his shoulder and tightens his protective hold around the now shaking form in his arms.
“What?” Sally asked nervously.
“Not at all John.”
And even though Sherlock had heard those words before and ended up heartbroken each time, he fully believed those words, because this was John. John loved him and he loved him back.
“You may perceive it as that, yes.” Mycroft confirmed coldly.
“How’s your shoulder?” Sherlock asked in a low voice. It was a stupid question he knew. It was obvious John was still in much pain, but he couldn’t help but ask.
They stayed silent for a few minutes as they both nursed their drinks further. Sherlock however could feel himself growing a bit drowsy as the minutes passed. He shook his head a bit as to try and shake himself out of it, but to no avail. Odd, he’d slept through all night yesterday and his body had never claimed much sleep to function. He could usually go much longer than this before getting tired and it wasn’t like he’d been drinking that much to justify the feeling.
“That sounds absolutely brilliant. How did it go at the optometrist?” He asked curiously.
“Fine.” Sherlock huffed in annoyance as he once again rubbed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. Yet another persistent headache was gathering right behind his eyes and the slow throbbing sensation made it hard to focus on the work.
Just as John finished his little pep talk did Sherlock run back into the room, a first aid kit in hand. He quickly crouched down next to his lover and handed the box over.
Sherlock however decided to bite her embarrassment in the bud and interjected her thoughts. “Don’t be embarrassed. You suffering from severe claustrophobia is not something you can supress. You should never apologize or feel ashamed for reacting to something beyond your control.”
“Where the hell is the evidence list for the Johnson case?! It should be on my desk by now, this is unacceptable!!” Sally shouted out from the doorway of her (well technically Lestrade’s) office, sending a wide glare all throughout the room.
“John..”
Mycroft swallowed the lump in his throat, not at all feeling like the ice man he’d always been rumoured to be, at this moment. “Yes..” His voice sounded coarse. “yes, okay.” He agreed softly.
Sherlock squeezed his shoulder comfortingly. “I’m sure if you tell them how you feel and continue to make an effort to behave they’ll never wan’t you to leave Charlie.” He answered and offered a reassuring smile.
“Oh Sherlock told me you were working late again dear and you always work so very hard both here and at the hospital. Sherlock and I thought you deserved a little break so we got busy as you can see.” The cherry landlady said fondly.
Sherlock said while his hands never stopped working, hurt evident in his voice. He just couldn’t stand seeing John,
(Sam looks at Frodo upset)
“In the C-section, row number nine.” Sherlock answered.
“Alright, alright” John laughed. He couldn’t say he didn’t like Sherlock’s reaction to his new transformation. This was definitely a big bonus.
“Not interested.” Sherlock said simply with a disinterested tone, not meeting the man’s eyes but instead pulling up his phone from his trouser pocket to check his e-mail while he was waiting anyway, to kill time.
Sherlock turned on the light on his cell phone to better light their way. “Any idea what set him off?” He asked.
“W-Welcome home. I’m in the..(snif).. K-Kitchen.” Came the respond.
Molly’s smile seemed to falter just a bit by the mention of John. “Right. So you and John are still..” She didn’t seem to know how to finish her sentence and a sense of slight panic arose in her. “Not that I hoping you aren’t! I was just curious as how everything is going.. With you two, you know and..” She seemed to lose her voice yet again and started to nervously fuss with a strand of her hair.
“But not for the reasons you think. I’ve simply been cutting onions for the past half hour.” Sherlock said and gestured behind himself where there indeed, did sit a cutting board with a large pile of sliced up onions.
“Sherlock?” John muttered surprised. What in the world was Sherlock doing here? John couldn’t imagine this being a place the detective would ever willingly set his foot inside.
“John! John please wait!! I Don’t why I.. I shouldn’t.. I didn’t mean it!! I’m sorry, God I’m so sorry!!” He shouted as he ran to the top of the stairs looking down at John’s retreating form from above with a look of torment on his face. But John wasn’t stopping up or even looking back, he just continued his slow descend of stairs in silence and Sherlock could only watch helplessly as John limped out the door of 221B and into the night.
John’s moans grew louder when Sherlock pushed him down to lay face down and stretched out on the couch then completely focused on working out the remaining tension in the doctor’s neck, shoulders and back for another half hour. When John literally felt like pudding under Sherlock’s hands, the detective gently eased John's head on to his lap and started to run his fingers through his hair and massage his temples, as he always did. As he did John could feel how the dark memories were replaced by a heavy feeling of sleepiness.
“Greg..” Sherlock started softly, surprising the DI. Sherlock hadn’t used his first name in ages and back then it had only been when the detective had lain emotionally and physically wrecked, after crashing from a particular long cocaine high.
Sherlock smiled lovingly.
Mycroft threw off his suit jacket and draped it over John’s wet figure.
Sherlock took another small step towards the boy. His own chest constricting as he saw the boy’s carefully constructed façade crumble, showing his true self. An insecure 14 year old who wished for little else than to be able to fit into a family, to feel wanted and loved, something he’d never had before at his other foster homes and certainly not from his biological family.
Sherlock nodded in understanding and very, very gently started to draw soft circular patterns with his thumbs on the cramped and rock hard muscles John had pointed out being the main causes of his current agony. First after about 10 minutes of doing this did Sherlock dare to increase the pressure a bit, not wanting to cause John any pain again, relieved when he heard John let out a soft, pleased hum and not a pained gasp at the action. Sherlock continued this pattern, only increasing the pressure of his fingers when he was absolute sure it would not hurt John to do so.
Charlie kept wiping away his tears angrily with his hands, but to little avail as they just kept on coming now that he’d allowed the first ones to escape. “I heard them. They thought I was asleep, but I had snuck down in the kitchen to find a snack when I heard them talking in the livingroom. Maggie said ‘maybe we should just tell him now’ and Rob said ‘we better wait until we have the papers and details settled so we know it’ll be final, I have a meeting with his caseworker on Wednesday’. So there it is! They’re arranging for my caseworker to find me another family, it’s how it is every time!!” Suddenly Charlie went completely still except for the tears still rolling now more freely down his face and slowly turned towards the edge of the roof, as if he’d had a sudden realization.
Finally John reached his destination and, with practiced ease, opened the door with his elbow and let himself inside. Immediately as he entered John’s soldier instinct told him that something was wrong. It wasn't a feeling of danger it was more like a feeling of unbalance.. Like something was out of place. Taking note of his surroundings John first realized that Mrs. Hudson’s flat was completely silent and the lights were out. That’s funny, their landlady was usually home by this hour and more often than not came out and greeted John warmly when coming home from work, especially when he was late, with a motherhen look in her eyes and a reminder for him not to work himself too hard. The second thing he noticed was the silence.. No sound of gunshots, or of the violin or of Sherlock loudly complaining to his skull about the plain and stupid normality of the world and its' inhabitants. Sherlock rarely suffered from boredom in silence.
Now it was John who couldn’t hold back his laughter.
“Don’t touch me! I’m fine.. It’s all fine..” But it wasn’t fine.. Every fibre in Sherlock’s body screamed at him that this was everything but fine. Same went for John’s voice. This voice didn’t sound like John’s at all. John’s voice always promised comfort, safety and strength.. This voice only sounded broken and hollow..
John couldn’t help it as he let out a scream of agony at the impact and white-hot pain pierced through him in a way he’d never felt before. In a matter of seconds a couple of Yarders had pulled the man off John who now lay writhing on the ground, fisting his left shoulder in a tight grip, his eyes clenched shut in a pained expression and teeth clenched so tightly together his jaw started aching. Sherlock was over him the second the man was removed, his eyes filled with worry, fear, anger, sadness and a mixture of many other emotions. His hands hovered over John’s form a few seconds, clearly afraid that any contact at this moment would only cause his lover even more hurt. In the end, he settled one of his hands behind John’s head in support and the other resting on top of John’s right hand where it still fisted his left shoulder forcefully, being very careful not to put any pressure on it.
“Show me where he is!” Was all John said, his heart already hammering in his chest. White hot anger blooming throughout him at the thought of someone out there hurting his Sherlock.
Greg was about to deny that statement when suddenly both his and John’s phones chimed at the same time, indicating they’d both received a text message. They pulled out their phones, both already knowing who’d be from.
“Oh, I wish I could get my own hands on that twat who did this to my boy!” Mrs. Hudson interrupted and gripped his arms tighter around Sherlock’s in a protective way. “Detective inspector is there no way he can get him the electric chair?” She asked seriously.
“Look at you, I always knew you’d grow up to be a handsome young man. You surely did not disappoint me.” He said with a voice laced with pride. John couldn’t help but notice how the man’s eyes were shining just slightly with a few unshed tears.
I’m really sorry this update has been slower than the other, but right now I’m in the middle of writing up my bachelor that is due in February and our data analysis have been a freaking pain in the ass! So I couldn’t afford as much time to write my fiction as I would’ve liked. Again, sorry for the delay. I’ll try and write up the next chapter as fast as possible. Thank you for your patience and your sweet reviews! It makes me so happy to know people are enjoying this story so much :)
Sherlock and John stood and spoke of the details of the case and John told of his meeting with Dimmock and his son. But the peace got an abrupt end as a female officer sprinted across the room to reach them, clearly with great urgency.
“Deal.” The doctor said and stood to return the heart to the fridge before it would start to smell.
“Well here we are, so what is up with this new lead?”
“John.. I don’t believe anything I say or do will ever be able to express how grateful I am to you. You risked your life to save me and I see now I was a fool for ever doubting your love and devotion to my little brother. I am forever in your debt.” Mycroft said with a sincerity he’d never thought himself capable of ever possessing, meaning every word.
look his way.
“Sherlock? Sherlock love, it’s me John. Can you hear me?”
Sherlock took another deep breath, steeled himself and pressed play. As the screen came to life he concentrated his entire focus to pick up each end every detail of the room and of the people that he could gather.
“I thought things were finally getting better with your new family Charlie. You told me last week you were finally feeling more at ease at home. That you were willing to start to make more of an effort to stay out of trouble so you could stay.” Dexter chimed in, still standing right behind Sherlock.
“There’s no need John.. They’re right after all.” Sherlock said, his face still emotionless as stone.
“Sherlock..” He began, but was quickly interrupted.
Greg returned the smile. “I definitely feel an improvement. The first times we did this I thought I was going to die!” He panted out.
“Because of my history with cocaine abuse.” Sherlock finished himself, a stone forming in his stomach. Could he have prevented this if Lestrade hadn’t tried to protect him from relapsing? Since John’s entrance into his life his danger nights had gotten much farther between, but yes sometimes he could still be tempted when the noise and activity in his head would threaten to overwhelm him. but he’d been clean for 5 years now and John had helped him develop alternative outlets for his hyperactive mind. Sherlock couldn’t blame Lestrade though. Before John it had been Lestrade who’d fought to keep him sober. The DI had tried to keep Sherlock’s mind busy with as many cases he could offer, but if the puzzles turned out to be so simple to satisfy him he’d always turned back to cocaine.
Apparently so because suddenly John is hauled forward, closing all distance between him and Sherlock and his lips mashed together with the taller man’s. Sherlock’s hands are fisted tightly in John sweater and John responds by wrapping his arms completely around Sherlock’s middle pulling them even closer together as the kiss deepens. They part after several minutes and lock eyes, both breathing slightly deeper to make up for lack of air during the kiss.
“Come on now, why would a gorgeous girl like you be sitting here all alone? You should come with me, I promise I’ll show you a good time.” John gave her a wide smile, but was careful not to touch her or get any closer. He didn’t want to make her more uneasy than necessary.
Dimmock smiled and looked down at the boy. “This is my son Daniel. Poor thing has been sick the last couple of days, inclusive all night; fever, vomiting the works. My wife is overseas at a conference and I had no luck finding anyone who could babysit him for today. I took him to the doctor’s two days ago, who says it’s an infection and started him on penicillin, but it has yet to have effect” Dimmock sighed and caressed his son’s head. “Unfortunately, since I have no babysitter, I had no choice but to bring him along with me to work today.”
“No.. Noooo.. Jh.. Jawn..” Sherlock called out futilely for John to please come help him, please save him from this vile man before could fulfil his no doubt horrendous intentions.
Hence why they now stood gathered around a table, drinks in hand, in the middle of a softly lit bar with a dozen other yarders around them laughing and having a good time. Sherlock and John joined in the laughter as Lestrade enthusiastically retold a story form when he’d first joined the force, long before reaching the position of DI.
“Sherlock cooking?! That I've got to see!” John laughed slightly as he quickly pulled off his jacket and made his way towards the kitchen, but before he made it all the way Sherlock emerged.
“Yes.” Mycroft whispered back. “Although I’ve never..” He couldn’t even finish the sentence, his voice filled with uncertainty.
Very slowly and silently he peaked out from behind his hiding place and snuck his way along one of the walls. It was dark but his eyes had adjusted pretty well to the gloom. As the sounds grew louder he saw a freakishly tall man, who was half carrying half dragging another man, who was much more slender and dressed only in dress pants and a white shirt, almost as far down the ally as they could get.
“W-What the hell do you know you stupid nutcase?!! You’re nothing but a fucked up psychopath anyway!!” Anderson yelled and without any warning pushed Sherlock so hard that the detective fell hard into the wall, knocking over a trashcan in the process.
“Christ Sherlock…” Lestrade sighed and ran his hand through his silver hair, but there was no more anger tracing his voice, only understanding and sympathy.
“Alright, just a few minutes though.” He mumbled, already feeling himself getting dragged under, the lack of sleep and the stressful day really taking its tool by now.
He wasn’t going to admit it of course, but Sherlock was starting to feel a bit neglected. They hadn’t even had sex in two weeks for god’s sake! John always fell asleep the minute his head hit the pillow after a day of work and his customary two hours workout and Sherlock normally crashed whenever a case ended, due to his ‘no-sleep-and-food’ politics during those. Today was Saturday and for once John didn’t have work and there were no cases to occupy Sherlock’s mind so he’d hoped John and he could’ve spent some much needed quality time together. Hell, the brain dissection had only been an excuse to get John to stay home and hopefully things would’ve evolved into a day well spent in bed.
Sherlock snarled the last word, ending his rant. He’d been so absorbed in his outburst of anger that he’d started pacing halfway through and now found himself standing in front of the window with his back facing the doctor, his breathing heavy. He thought he would feel better after taking out his frustrations on John, but that wasn’t the case. Actually he felt as his chest started to clench painfully with guilt.. That had been too harsh he realised immediately.. Even for him and he knew it. He hadn’t meant any of those things he’d just said, but his anger had been so blinding his mouth had just run its own course. Still that was no valid excuse.. This was a bit not good.
John immediately accepted the hug from his lover and pulled himself even closer, seeking all the warmth and comfort the detective could offer him as the tears began rolling down his cheeks.
As Sherlock disappeared up the stairs, John stopped up for a moment and looked towards Anderson. “So, how are things going with Sofia?” He asked curiously. He knew Anderson had been seeing the brown-haired woman for some time now, but he’d had little chance to hear how it’d all evolved since then.
(Sam crying)
John flashed him a wide smile at the suggestion. “That sound like a lovely idea Sherlock.” And that was exactly what John went to do.
“Nope, no chance!! You’re going to stay right here and take it easy! I’m calling John to come home and look you over.” Sherlock said with a definitive voice as he placed his landlady gently on the couch.
“Well myself for one and Dexter too.” Sherlock said in a matter of fact voice.
But before she even had the chance to get up Sherlock had already picked her up in his arms, pulling a startled ‘oh!’ from his landlady, and carried her the rest of the way to the couch. Even though he didn’t have John’s upper body strength he found it worryingly easy to lift her frail body. Sherlock mentally berated John and Mrs. Hudson for always nagging him to eat more when clearly, she needed to follow the advice more than he did.
John stood silently for a few minutes, the monotone noises of the office environment; the soft tap of multiple keyboards, the intermittent sound of ringing phones and conversing colleagues lulling him into a somewhat meditative state. It wasn’t until the young D.I Dimmock entered and walked up to greet him he fell out of his semi trance.
Molly looks thoughtful, but seems to brighten up just a bit. “It’s going to be dull you know. It’s all just time-consuming routine work. You hate that.” She states.
“Let’s get you home Dr. Watson.” The detective said and led John on the way, followed by Lestrade.
John offered a quick “will do.” Before Mycroft closed the car door firmly shut, allowing Lestrade to drive off to Bakerstreet with his passenger.
Mrs. Hudson finally seems to realize her situation as the takes in her surroundings and the detective’s worried looks and ranting.
Sherlock took a deep breath and placed a hand gently on Molly’s forearm, making the pathologist look back up at him. “Listen Molly. I know I haven’t always treated you as well as I should have. I’ve been dismissive and manipulative in the past. Back then I didn’t think much about what consequences my actions would have on you and I’m sorry and ashamed of how I acted. But.. I
“Good because you'll be hearing a lot from now on - I love you Sherlock.”
“Give it to me.” John demanded. Mycroft immediately handed over the weapon. John’s eyes had already adapted somewhat to the darkness and he quickly noted he was holding a small 0.380 caliber Glock 42 gun in hand. He then checked how many bullets the magazine held (6 bullets) and undid the safety. John took a firm hold on Mycroft’s shoulder, holding the expensive jacket tightly in his fist.
Sherlock found himself shaking slightly and not entirely from the cold as they waited for the update. Suddenly he felt the warm hand of John clasping his own tightly, giving it a firm reassuring squeeze. The two looked at each other and shared a comforting if not bit stained smile, silently reassuring each other.
John agreed to the check-up and Greg supported him on the walk to the awaiting ambulance. Besides a few bruises and a slight lowered body temperature, as a result of taking a dive into freezing water in January, he was right as rain and was allowed to return home to Bakerstreet if he so wished. John opted for that as his only wish right now was to return home to the love of his life. Sherlock was sure to be worried since John hadn’t returned home to their date night without any notice or getting in touch as he usually would if he was late.
Wow! This chapter came so easily to me I actually succeeded in writing it  in one day! (so proud of myself right now) XD. I give you the last chapter before the +1. I hope you all like it :)
“Wow, just look at the two of you getting along so nicely.” He said with as much humour as he could master in his current state.
Mycroft had tried his own way of helping of course, but that had mostly consisted of forcing Sherlock off to rehab only to let him out to relapse again within three weeks. Lestrade had always been the one to be there for him when things got dirty. It had always been him who’d spent hours slowly cruising through the streets until he would find whatever skip Sherlock had passed out in and then take him home with him. He’d been the one to change Sherlock’s dirty clothes when he hadn’t bathed for days or when he was soaked with puke and fully clothed sit with him in the shower till he resembled a human again. He’d been the one to hold Sherlock down when abstinences raged through his body to keep him from hurting himself, often resulting in Lestrade himself receiving the lumps and bruises instead. The DI wouldn’t admit it, but Sherlock knew he’d played a large part in why Lestrade’s marriage had ended in divorce. No wife apricated to have an addict passed out on her couch ever so often. Eventually Lestrade had succeeded in getting him clean, but the temptation had always lurked dangerously close and his danger nights were a weekly occurrence. He’d lost count how many nights Lestrade had just ‘casually’ stopped by for a cup of tea only to end curled up on Sherlock’s couch for the night to keep an eye out as well as to keep him company.
“Always John, always.”
“Anyway, thanks for the help both of you. I’ll be in touch should we need you again.” The detective inspector said and shook the hands of the two men before he disappeared down the hallway, letting the two find their own way out of the police station.
After a while things settled down once again. Sherlock had reluctantly allowed John to keep the picture as long as he didn't share it with anyone. Mrs. Hudson finished their dinner and all 3 sat together at the table to eat and chat. Sherlock even ate without any complaints and John couldn't help smiling brightly through the whole dinner.
John had to swallow the lump in his throat at hearing Sherlock’s desperate please. In his drugged out state fearing John would misunderstand the situation and think Sherlock had gotten high on his own and then snuck off with this man willingly.
“Why hello there.” John said with a smile and crouched down to be at eyelevel with the kid. “And who’s this young feller?” He asked.
John handed Daniel over to his father, the young boy’s sobs continuing, but making the shift to his daddy easily and wrapped his arms around him instead. Dimmock looked at John with a sea of gratitude.
“John!! P-Put him down!” Donovan ordered from the sideline, not wanting to admit that John actually scared her a bit.
“Thank you. Are you alright? The bar looked crowded.” Sherlock said in a low voice so Lestrade and the surrounding officers wouldn’t notice. John knew he was referring to his tender ribs from when Singer had hit him with his car in his save-Sally-mission three weeks ago. The pain was much more manageable, but he still had at least three more weeks to go before he’d be fully healed. Sherlock had been nervous about John having to trod around in a crowded bar with risk of having drunks accidently elbow his chest or stumble into him and cause him even more discomfort. John smiled softly up at his attentive lover. “I’m fine Sherlock, I promise. I iced my ribs before we went out. I hardly feel it right now.”
Greg could hardly tell what happened. As he saw the teen run at him, pipe raised to strike, it was almost as his body reacted on auto pilot. Within seconds he had disarmed the boy, thrown him off balance, pushed him down to the ground and restrained his arms tightly behind his back. He had to blink a few times himself to comprehend what he’d just done and so easily too. He looked up at the four other men standing around him. The two young officers’ mouths hung open in sheer astonishment and awe. Lestrade was surprised to find even Sherlock had a look of amazement portraying his face. John however had the biggest grin he’d ever seen plastered on the man’s face, his eyes shining with happiness and pride.
Donovan was clearly engaged in a discussion with two other colleagues as the detective and doctor burst through her doors, but Sherlock could care less. The woman at least had the decency too look guilty as Sherlock marched right up to her face and erupted; “This is an outrage, why wasn’t I informed sooner?! Lestrade disappears for two days and the first I hear about is you calling me in urgently 20 minutes ago!!” Sherlock’s face is flustered, he normally wouldn’t let his emotions guide him like this, but there’s no helping it and his worry is greater than his eventual embarrassment for letting everyone see how affected is by the news.
“Good.” Mycroft adjusted the hem of his suit. “I would normally offer a wish of good luck in the future, but for all I care Mr. Davis. You can go to hell.”
In a sudden fit of hopelessness John lashed out and smashed his left fit against the wall besides him, but immediately regretted it as it sent a piercing pain all the way up his arm and settled in his already throbbing shoulder.
At the sound of her name Molly jumped in fright with yet another high-pitched screech. “Oh God.. Sherlock..” She exclaimed as she located him at her desk.
Right behind was Anderson. He looked just as prude and displeased as he always did when Sherlock was around.
John immediately put the teabags back down and walked back towards the living room. The sight that greeted him was a completely drenched Sherlock. His usually bouncy curls now lay flat and plastered to his head, his coat, shirt and trousers all soaking and clinging tightly to his skin and with lips and fingers that looked more blue than John liked.
“You do realize that the idea of intelligence being based on the use of prescription glasses, that are sorely used to correct visual impairments, is a well-used though altogether completely inaccurate form of stereotyping, John.”
“Jones was slowing down! I was gaining up on him!! I was this close to catching him!!” Sherlock sneered as he held up his thumb and index finger with a tiny gap for illustration, right up in John’s face.
Speaking of John he had to locate his doctor as quickly as possible so they could be on their way as soon as possible.
“He’s probably sneaked outside for a smoke, hoping you wouldn’t notice John. I think I’ll join him. I’ll bring him back up with me alright.” Sally chimed and stood up to pull on her coat and fished out her pack of cigarettes.
definitively gay and I do love John. I understand this might not be what you wanted to hear, but you deserve someone much better than me at any rate. I promise to do you better and I hope you know you’re always welcome to ask me for my help whenever you need it as well as I hope to still count on your help with cases now and then.” Sherlock ended, hoping this was a kind enough way to tell the truth.
This wasn’t really intended to be this long, but it just seemed like this fic took a life on its own and once I’d begun I just couldn’t stop again. I’m actually really happy with how it turned out so I hope you all will be too. Warning for past drug use and a lot of angst, but don’t worry!! I weighed all the angst out with tons of fluff as well. Hope you like it.
Finally, Molly looks up from the desk top to catch Sherlock’s gaze. Her entire demeanour hesitant as she answers; “Really? You’d do that.. For me?”
John laughed softly and rubbed his eye. He hadn’t even noticed the young man until he’d been right in front of him, which wasn’t normal for him as his military training and instinct usually made it almost impossible for anyone to sneak up on him. He must be more tired than he realised.
Suddenly the entire scene erupted into action as several gunshots echoed through the night followed by a few moments of palpable silence. Finally, the officer’s in charge walkie-talkie sounded, signalling an incoming message. The officer picked up immediately;
When Lestrade is kidnapped Sherlock works hard to bring him back safely, fearing he'll never get to express his gratefulness for all the times the DI has been there for him
“Sure, I don’t care either way.” Sherlock huffed and immediately went to get his violin, refusing to acknowledge John any further.
John smiled softly, finding no point in denying the exhaustion and sleepiness he indeed was feeling.
“Long enough.” John answered. “I was right next door you know. I could still hear everything. When the shouting began I couldn’t contain my curiosity though.”
“Did you see Claire? I think she almost made her cry.” Jackson said and eyed the misty-eyed Claire as she half ran towards the kitchen to fetch the coffee.
“Alright fine, but make it quick I haven’t got all night.” He said reluctantly.
Lestrade couldn’t hold back his smile any longer and looked towards John, who still grinned from ear to ear. “Yeah well, I had a great teacher.” The DI answered.
“This way Mr. Holmes.” Dexter eagerly led on, half running towards the old rundown building, clearly worried about his young ward.
“What happened love?” Sherlock whispered gently has his hands began to gently rub John’s tense back in a comforting way.
“John.. I have a confession to make.” Sherlock said with an apologetic tone and gaze in his eyes.
Sally nodded slowly.
A silence fell over the room, so thick what you’d been able to hear a pin drop as its occupants tried to understand how such awful words could ever be spewed by anyone about a man as good as John Watson.
“Late afternoon you then had to complete extra paperwork due to your extra increase in patients, which must have been about the time your headache began.”Sherlock ran his hand gently through the sand blonde hair, gently pressure at his fingertips, causing John to sigh pleasantly.
The giant man was huffing slightly with the effort. “Damn, for such a skinny bloke you sure are heavy.”
“You aren’t hurt are you?” He asked as he looked for cuts or bruises that might be visible, but he was quickly interrupted by Sherlock’s hands softly grasping him by the shoulders as he heard a soft.. laugh?
Sherlock held out his hand, hoping for Charlie to take it. “I know Charlie.. So lets get you home, alright?”
As John lay there with the love of his life, the wondrous feeling of fingers shifting through his hair and with the fire crackling softly in the fireplace he took a moment to appreciate how truly lucky he was to have his detective and such good friends blessing his life.
“John?! John what’s wrong?!” Sherlock asked in a panicked voice as he watched his doctor take himself to the left side of his chest.
John quickly establish, that this is the scene where Frodo sends Sam away after being manipulated by Gollum into believing he’s not trustworthy.
Greg had to admit John was a strict training partner. Not in the sense that he was rude or loud, but in the sense that he always made sure they both gave it their all. Greg couldn’t remember how many years since he’d slept so well at night. After a day on the job, followed by a workout with John, tired his body out. It was the good kind of tired though, not the kind of tired you’d get after a long, stressful workday, but the kind when all your muscles are sore after good use. Now he was  out the minute his head would touch his pillow be fast asleep.
Molly burst through the entrance, letting out a screech as the spring mechanism in the hinges caused the doors to backlash into her, making her drop her armload of papers along with a thermos of coffee. In seconds the lab’s calm tranquillity had turned into a chaos of spilled coffee soaking into the fallen papers on the floor and Molly frantically dropping to her knees to save the documents. She hadn’t even noticed Sherlock from his seat right on the other side of the desk yet.
As they walked down the stairs of 221B a look of mild concern swept across John’s face.
John and Sherlock could only agree.
To John’s great delight he saw Sherlock’s face light up with the biggest, most brilliant and sincerest smile the man was capable of. A feat John, until now, had prided himself with being the only one able to draw out of the detective.
John managed to get a sick tray in front of Sherlock just in time as the detective vomited what little he had left to offer of his stomach contents.
“Well, let’s hear it.” John pushes slightly, wanting to help if he can.
“John, why didn’t you call me? If I had known I could have.. I would have been able to get here before it got so bad.”
John yawned again and did a quick stretch. Being stationary for so many hours not having done his muscles any good. Sherlock placed a gentle hand on the small of his back. “Wait here I’ll go and try to find us some decent coffee in this place, though I’m not too hopeful.” The detective said. He patted John’s back softly in reassurance and left.
One of the young constables, Jackson was his name, chose to speak up. “Hey, take it easy Donovan, we have a whole supply room full of pens downstairs. Can’t you just fetch some more?”
Lestrade was bent forward as much as his restrains allowed. A thin stream of blood spilled from his gasping mouth, down to the stone floor as he tried to catch his breath.
Sighing, but carefully sidestepping the garments the doctor silently hanged his own muddy coat. He was beginning to feel the adrenalin from the eventful evening wearing off and just now became aware of how cold he actually felt in his drenched and dirty clothes as a shiver ran through his body.
“His name is Sherlock Holmes! And if we don’t hurry that giant man is gonna get away now PLEASE! Call some of your police friends and follow me, before he hurts him!” The boy begged once again, already moving to drag Sally along with him to the scene.
Sherlock didn't answer, but simply tightened his hold around the doctor a little further before continuing:
Sherlock was furious as he stomped up the stairs closely followed by an exhausted as well as exasperated John, who had to halt at the top of the stairs as his boyfriend slammed the door shut after himself and right in the doctor’s face. John sighed and mentally prepared himself for an evening filled with sulking and silent treatment before he opened the door and walked inside the flat. Sherlock had already slumped in his leather chair. His back was resting against one armrest and his long legs thrown over the other. His arms were crossed and his face was an angry sulking mask. His mud covered coat and blue scarf had been thrown carelessly to the floor upon entry. John had no doubts that it would end up being he who’d have to wash and hang them later.
John returns home from work to a surprise and a good laugh
Sherlock wrapped his own arms tightly around his doctor and placed a small kiss under John’s jaw. “Not now, I’ll tell you about it in the morning.” He answered faintly.
John did his best to supress the soft blush rising in his cheeks, thankful Greg would probably write it off as heat form their run. “Yeah, yeah. Definitely.” He answered and put his own phone away.
Sherlock threw the cab fair and a small tip at the cabbie and quickly followed the lanky teen.
“Fuck!” Mycroft muttered and John idly thought that this might be the first time he’s ever heard Mycroft utter a curse word. He quickly dismissed the thought though and shifted his focus to their current situation.
“No I don’t think you understand John. Ever since I met you.. Since the very first day you walked into my life that day at Bart’s I haven’t looked yet alone touched even a milligram of cocaine. I haven’t even felt the slightest effect of withdrawal symptoms since I first laid my eyes on you. I don’t know how, but you immediately filled up a void inside of myself that I hadn't even been aware existed. You completed me right there like the final piece of a puzzle and you did it without even trying. So John.. My dear John.. Please believe me when I say that whatever horrid lies and evils I so carelessly let escape my lips tonight were just that.. Because you may not know it John Watson, but you have saved me a thousand times over and I love you.”
The other yarders finally reached them, some of them having side-tracked to check on Singer in the car, though there was no way he’d have survived a crash like that. Lestrade and Sherlock were, not surprisingly, the first to reach the two. Lestrade helped Sally to her feet and held her steady, his eyes roaming over her worriedly while looking for injuries.
But before he could go on Lestrade caught John’s arm in mid strike to stop him. Even though the DI was no small man himself he had to hold on with both his hands to stop John’s momentum.
“Then we better get working wouldn’t you say so doctor?” Sally said pleasantly.
5 minutes later:
“Yeah Sherlock! It’s me I’m right here love! It’s okay, it’s okay. You’re safe now.” John answered. He looked over the form of his lover and took in his ripped shirt, bite marks and hickeys down the side of his pale neck and chest and his black pants that were still hanging down past his hips. John had to supress the once again rising fury and urge to go back to the man and finish what he started as he realised what would have happened if he’d been only a few minutes later.
“Modest as always, aren’t we freak?” Sergeant Sally Donovan said in her usual harsh and cold voice.
John sniffed and tried, rather unsuccessfully, to stop the tears that just keep falling.
“They? Who are they?” John asked as he felt his body rapidly slipping into its soldier mode, trying to recall the layout of the room and planning the fastest escape routes.
“Anything we can do for you mate?” Greg asked, he too worried and emphatic to John’s pain. He knew very well how much his friend’s shoulder could pain him and he also knew how good John usually was at hiding said pain. So to see him in so much anguish really said a lot of how bad it really had to hurt. If the man who’d caused this ended up getting a bit roughed up on the way to the station he wouldn’t be unpleased.
John suppressed a wince as Ethan clenched his hand as tightly as he could, like Ethan wanted to assert a certain dominance over him with that simple gesture. John didn’t falter though, his expression and voice cool as ever. “Likewise.” He said without really meaning it. John prided himself with being a good judge of character and he had the feeling he wasn’t going to like this man very much.
John turned to get Mycroft's attention. The poor man was still panting hard, clearly not used to such high a level of activity. John grasped both Mycroft’s shoulders and muttered lowly, with a serious face. “Listen to me Mycroft. I’m going to distract him and pull his fire away from you. When I do I need you to run as fast as you can to the exit and get the hell out of here.”
Sherlock felt an immense relief wash over him and even managed a soft smile at his doctor. “You got to me in time then.” He simply declared.
“Well then stop just standing there like a moron, move it!” She looked up throughout the room “and all of you back to work, we don’t have time for slacking off!” Sally barked and marched back into her office, failing to notice how several of the surrounding officers fitted her with glares and shaking heads.
“My God Sherlock! Sweetheart are you alright? No sorry, sorry of course you aren’t, that was a stupid question. But its okay, its okay I’m here.” John consoled the best he could. He had no idea what could have upset his lover to such an extend, that it would bring him to tears.
“Anderson, Phillip Anderson and may I ask your name miss?”
Sherlock admits he still struggles with offering the ‘right’ actions of empathy and sympathy. Despite his growing acknowledgement of his own and other’s feelings, he still isn’t comfortable with overloads of sentiment and emotional outburst. But right now, at this point he did feel a tug of worry seeing Molly in such a state and felt the need to try and offer at least some kind of comfort.
Sherlock cleared his throat and forced himself so stand straighter. “Yeah I’m fine.” He said as convincingly as he could.
“SALLY!! GET AWAY FROM THERE NOW!!”
“Are you okay miss?” Anderson asked and looked the woman in the eyes with worry.
Molly still looked a bit droopy, but still offered what to Sherlock looked to be a sincere smile. “I know.. I see how you two look at each other and it’s clear you belong together. But I guess I was still selfishly hoping you’d suddenly by some miracle realise I was the one. I appreciate your honestly though, it’s more than you’ve ever offered me in the past. He’s good for you, John, you really are more considerate and happy than ever and I see that now. I know I can count you Sherlock and of course you can count on me too. You and John both.”
Sherlock spoke again;
Sherlock was getting more confused by the minute and his usual ability to process data had been severely reduced by his current state, so he was unable to deduce the situation. “Then what? What are you so upset then?” Sherlock asked worriedly.
Charlie had started taken to the streets a lot since arriving to London. Dexter had taken him in in his neighbourhood and kept an eye on the boy, simultaneously bringing him into the network. Sherlock and John had met him a few times. Charlie did not connect well with John at all. The doctor’s military stand and natural authoritarian aura immediately set off the boy’s alarm bells and had him refuse to talk to John or let the doctor examine some bruised knuckles he’d gotten from a fight in his school. Sherlock however had been able to connect with the boy better. Sherlock knew how it felt to be unwanted, discarded, be a misfit and to be the outcast. It didn’t take a consulting detective too see how bad Charlie was struggling. He’d take on a tough exterior, but was in reality fighting to keep himself going every day. Sherlock knew because he’d been just the same at that age and he’d needed to turn to drugs to dwell those demons.
John was happy to oblige, delighted at the prospect of fulfilling his fireplace fantasy faster than he’d expected.
John nodded his approval of this. Dimmock sent him a last glance and a mouthed ‘thank you’ once again as he followed his son and the paramedics down to the awaiting ambulance. Just as they exited Lestrade walked in, looking very confused.
It was late when Ethan finally locked himself into his flat. Sorting through all those files had been a freaking nightmare and he just wanted to go to sleep and forget this awful day had ever happened. As he entered the door however he almost had a heart attack when he spotted a black suited man, sitting in his armchair with his legs crossed and twirling an umbrella in his right hand, looking as if he’d been waiting patiently for him to return home.
John accepted the items with a grateful smile and quickly swallowed the offered pills, washing them down with some tea. When the tea was gone Sherlock bent down at John’s feet and made quick work of untying and removing his shoes and then gently yet determined pushed John down to lay stretched out on the couch, ignoring John’s small words of protests and slightly confused looks.
“Indeed, really.. Wow Mrs. Hudson, that’s so thoughtful I don’t even know how to thank you enough.” John Said gratefully with a soft smile on his lips.
“Don’t tell me, there’s a case isn’t there. That’s the real reason we’re here. It’s okay Sherlock you could just have told me. You know I’ll always follow you.” John started a little disappointed that this wasn’t going to turn out as the date night he’d hoped for.
“There’s a condition called ommatophobia which is the fear of eyes.” Sherlock grasped slightly.
"It was im-impossible to get a cap due to t-the rain and the subways were w-way too c-crowed to use."
“Mrs. Hudson, I’m coming in!!” The yells and throws the door open. He enters the kitchen finding nothing, so he makes his way further into the flat towards the living room. His heart literally skips a beat when he sees Mrs. Hudson lying unconscious on the floor, a spilled glass of water next to her.
He knew Sherlock was mad.. Very mad.. Just half an hour ago they had lost their suspect, a man named Reggie Jones in a chase. The man was a professional, highly skilled and military trained hitman who had decided to go freelance and since killed 4 people from his private (and very long) revenge list. They had been chasing his tail for the past 4 hours through the narrow alleyways, rooftops and tube stations throughout London.
Sherlock and John exited Lestrade’s office in Scotland Yard, with the D.I right behind them. “Thanks to the both of you for staying all night to help me write up the case report. This went so much faster than when I do it alone.” Lestrade said with a grateful smile on his lips.
“Goodnight John.” Sherlock answered and settled himself comfortably against John’s strong chest, his heart light with relief and happiness that Charlie had finally achieved some well deserved love and happiness in his new family as he’d found in John.
“We’re going to the bedroom right now and you’re not taking those off until I tell you that you can.” John commanded in his famous captain-voice, well-knowing what it did to Sherlock.
“Damn, I’m so sorry!” The doctor apologized as the quickly fished the offending device out of his pocket.
“Sleep tight my love."
John was actually rather amazed at just how excited Sherlock was for tonight. Sherlock, who was often perceived as a man with little feeling and lacking interest in anything except murder, chemistry and puzzles (and John of course), had practically bounced around the entire flat with eagerness to get ready. John often prided himself with being one of the few who ever got to see the passionate sides of Sherlock’s personality and there was no doubt when you listened to the brilliant detective playing his violin, that music was one of his greatest passions.
Lestrade visibly forced himself upright once again, his glare even more intense this time. “Keep dreaming punk..” He said with as much force as his voice could carry, which wasn’t much at the moment, but he somehow still managed to sound authoritative despite the weakness.
Sally supressed her scowl as Sherlock entered the building once again, but nodded in greeting anyway. She allowed his presence, but it didn’t sit well with her that she had to accept so much freelance help from the detective just to keep up with the workload. Until now she’d never realised how much crap Lestrade had to deal with on a daily basis. The administrative work alone was driving her crazy. Management was more or less breathing down her neck, pushing for results and reports almost every hour. She had to review every single case going through the department, knowing if something went unnoticed or she fails to make sure the chain of evidence is upheld it’s all on her head and it’s stressing her out. Just having to keep updated on all ongoing operation, cases and daily activity in the department is so confusing and she keeps getting things mixed up. She’d always been used to working one case at a time a privilege she’d taken for granted she realises now. It isn’t even a busy time for the division and she’s completely overwhelmed. No wonder Lestrade turned sliver fox so young, everyone upholding this position is bound to go grey early she thought bitterly. And then to think that Sherlock is actually taking a lot of the current workload willingly. Usually Lestrade had to put in an enormous amount of time and work to have Sherlock corporate and even then, Sherlock and John almost never followed protocol in a case. Just thinking about the mountains of paperwork that alone would require to sort out left the temporary DI almost dizzy. She had absolutely no idea how Lestrade managed this job as well as he did. These past three weeks had therefor led Sally to the disappointing realisation, that she was nowhere near as ready for this job as she’d thought herself to be. But admitting shortcomings and inadequacies had never been in her nature. So instead of admitting her need for help and support, her mood had soured more and more these past weeks and she’d started to let the stress and frustrations out on her colleagues.
“No, I need to talk to him alone…”
“Hello Daniel, nice to meet you.” He said with a warm voice.
That was the first time any of them said those words, but John didn't regret saying them - because it was the truth.
“Oh my..” She gasped softly as her eyes cleared up further. “Dear.. I’ve been struggling with a headcold these past few days and it has left me a bit disorientated.” As the elder woman explained as she sat up straighter by her own, clearly regaining back her wits more quickly now. Sherlock still refused to remove his supporting hands around his landlady. “I remember.. I was just about to make you your morning tea dear, when I was hit with a sudden weave of wooziness. I poured a glass of water and made my way to take a rest on the couch. I must’ve dozed off along the way.” She finished with an air of triviality and turned her eyes back to Sherlock.
As Sally witnessed that sweet gesture she couldn’t help but feel ashamed that she ever doubted these two men’s love for each other. She looked at John, who’d now become her saviour. She’d always known he was a good man. Brave, strong and kind. And now he’d risked his own life without second thought to save her. Even though she’d never treated his lover or John himself for that matter well in the past. Still, if John could find love in Sherlock Holmes, then maybe she should try and be more accommodating towards the detective too.
“Ah yes I’d like a.. A..” He stumbled, shifting through his mind to try and remember. But something was wrong, very wrong. His mind was all sluggish and slow. Even with a few drinks in his system his mind should still be able to run with almost full capacity. What the hell was happening to him?!
“Again? That’s the fifth time in this week alone John! You do realise that there’re far more productive ways for you to spend your time, than you wasting it in a germ infested building with a bunch of sweating and empty minded gorillas.” Sherlock protested as he marched through the living room before stopping in front of the doctor. He leaned a shoulder against the doorframe and crossed his arms in a manner that was sure to show John his displeasure.
“I love you too you git, so bloody much that it’s almost scary, but please.. Promise me you’ll never pull anything like this again, I’m not sure I’ll be able to handle another round.” He mumbled tiredly and tightened his arms just a fraction around his beloved’s shoulder.
“This is absolutely ridiculous! I’m hardly getting any work done. You’re a doctor John, fix me!” Sherlock halfway whined in frustration.
Again, Mycroft whispered his agreement.
All these deductions went through Sherlock’s head in seconds. As he moved quickly to answer the door he already knew who was on the other side.
“Christ.. Sherlock.. You. Are. Amazing…” John moaned in relief as Sherlock’s pale, slender hands slowly turned his pain into pure pleasure.
Just then the paramedics showed up and pushed through the door with a stretcher, shown up by the young female officer who’d made the call. Daniel was placed on the stretcher, his father at his side.
wrong with you! You’re
“When I was five years old my parents hired a young musician student named André Salieri, to be my violin tutor. Back then he’d just arrived to England from Italy in the hopes of making a name of himself in the world of classical music. But he was a young man in a new country and needed to earn money. My parents saw his talent instantly and offed him the job.”
Sally went quiet, but in the end she nodded her consent. “Alright..” She headed for the stairs, but Sherlock caught her wrist before she could go anywhere. “There’s a backdoor further down this hallway, go through there instead.”
“Easy for you to say. I’ve seen you take down guys twice your seize without even breaking a sweat.” Greg commented pointedly.
“You too my dear boy, you too!! And thank you so much, but let me look at you.” The man said in glee as he pulled out of the embrace and held Sherlock by the shoulders looking him up and down multiple times.
“But it really doesn’t matter Sherlock – I love you just the way you are, sociopathic behavior and everything. You’re brilliant, amazing, gorgeous and so much more. You saved me from my loneliness and the tedious reality I called my life.. To me you’re perfect.” John whispered the last bit, feeling a little silly being so sentimental, knowing Sherlock had never been a big fan of sentiment in the first place, but it was the truth none the less and John wanted Sherlock to know.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft answered curtly, yet not elaborating further right away.
The man’s smirk widened. “I’m sorry love, but it’s hard not to go for it you when you stand there and flaunt your stuff so temptingly.” He said, giving the detective the escalator look up and down hungrily.
“What makes you think they’re going to give up on you Charlie?” Sherlock asked softly, realizing it might be a sore subject for the young boy to approach, but he needed more information in order to help him.
Sherlock growled in frustration. Lestrade couldn’t have picked a worse time to bring him a case. He needed to find John! He didn’t have time for such trifles as murders and crimes at a time like this.
“John!!” He shouted his voice desperate and creaking, but he couldn’t care less at the moment.
“Wakey, wakey detective inspector. You’re on camera, you need to say hello to your audience.” The cameraman laughed as he clumsily zoomed in on Lestrade’s face.
The camera was handheld by one man as another entered the picture from the right, his face hidden under a black ski mask. Lestrade was seated, unconscious, in the middle of the picture. Tied to a wooden chair.
thought John and headed further away from the sound.
In the distance sirens could be heard, getting closer and closer to their destination. As the ambulance loaded John into the back, Sherlock following right after, Sally promised herself that she would change for the better. After tonight she owed at least John that much.
“No, no Sherlock love, I know! I’m the one who’s sorry! Shhh, don’t apologize.” John tried to comfort as best as he could.
“That’s – Ahh.. Not the point Sherlock..” John half moaned due to Sherlock’s continued ministrations.
Sherlock has invited John out to a night at the opera, but as it turns out Sherlock has an ulterior motive to go there as he wanted to meet up with someone very special from his past. John, of course being incredibly sweet and supportive when he leans who and why.
John ended in a whisper and was about to retreat back into his room before Sherlock would see the tears that had started to gather in the corner of his eyes. But even before he’d fully turned Sherlock gripped his right wrist with almost bruising force and made him turn to face the detective again.
“.. I’m sorry.. This would never have happened if you hadn’t felt the need to protect me from this case. I should’ve been there for you..” Sherlock stated, his voice sounding like he was stating a matter of fact, but the vulnerability hiding right underneath not passing the DI by.
“Really that’s too much, there’s no need..” But John wasn’t allowed to finish his sentence.
“John please! Please listen to me!!” Sherlock begged through the small gap, his eyes pleading as much as his voice.
The boy whipped around, caught by surprise. His look was almost feral, but Sherlock could easily detect the deep anguish and hurt underneath the surface.
Sally stood with her arms crossed but nodded once in agreement. “He said it was for your own good.”
Just as that last thought had crossed John's mind he heard the front door slamming shut. Grinning from Sherlock's excellent timing John got up to pour an extra cuppa to his boyfriend as he heard the heavy trots coming up the stairs. He was pouring the hot water in the kitchen when the door to the flat was opened and gently closed again.
Surprisingly Anderson was the first to snap out of it and took a few accusing steps towards Davis. “Who the bloody hell do you think you are to stand there and talk about John Watson in that way?!” He called out angrily.
He found a spot, hidden away in a booth, were he could just make out the words exchanged between the two and sneak a glance.
I’ll Tell you guys I’ve never felt more creepy than when I had to google things like ‘most commonly used date rape drugs’, ‘What are the effects of GHB?’, ‘How long before GHB takes effect?’ , ‘Dosage of different nightclub drugs.’. I half expected the police to raid my apartment asking me question about what the hell I’m planning. I’ve allowed myself some leeway in my reshearsh so all data might not be 100% accurate so please don’t hang me up on any of it.
“Sally? Are you in there?”
being alright! Your skin is flustered and your face is warm so clearly you have a fever! How am I supposed to not worry? Let me call John, please!”
With a pained groan and more effort than should’ve been needed John got himself pushed up from the bed and slowly made his way towards the door on a shaking, painful leg, which he mentally profoundly cursed once again.
Sherlock in return wrapped his own arms around his former tutor and returned the gesture with just as much commitment.
When Mrs. Hudson falls ill Sherlock takes it upon himself to help out and show how much his landlady really means to him.
Sherlock softly gripped John’s hand in his and squeezed.
“Well if you got him then what’s the problem?” The doctor asked curiously.
Most of the people kept their eyes down and continued tapping away at their computers, hoping not to be caught in the crossfire of Sally’s rage. Tentatively Claire Morrison stood from her seat and approached the angry stand-in DI with the list in hand.
“I’m so sorry Sherlock, I need to go to the surgery immediately. Sarah just called me in.” John said sadly.
The doctor asks annoyed, but happy that he finally seems to get Sherlock’s attention as the consulting detective finally looks up from the display of his phone.
Charlie interrupted, his voice wobbly and tearful. “Oh yeah.. Who?”
John smiled.
Charlie returned his gaze to the pavement down below, he didn’t acknowledge Dexter’s words verbally, but his tears had slowed a bit. Sherlock picked up once again;
He sat there and tried to push away the hurt and anguish when a soft knock on the door pulled him out of his current train of thoughts. It was probably Greg coming back to check on him he realized. The man had been very reluctant to leave John at a hotel, but John couldn't face having to explain his fight with Sherlock and end up on the receiving end of what was sure to be looks of pity and sympathy. Good mate Greg, John knew he owed him big time after this as he had actually come out so late in the evening to get him without even asking a single question beforehand. He really didn't have the energy to deal with anyone right now, but still Greg didn't deserve to be sent away through a locked door. The least he could do was go out and explain to him that he needed some time alone for now.
Sherlock and Dexter exclaimed loudly, both their hearts jumping to their throats.
Anderson’s eyes had grown to almost double size. There was a moment of silence before he cleared his throat a bit. “Umm.. Thanks John.. I needed that.” His voice was low but sincere.
“Fine! But this better not take too long. These bacteria cultures needs to be regularly monitored and their growth progress noted during the next 12 hours.” Sherlock said as he threw on his Belfast and wrapped his long neck protectively in his warm scarf.
John went over to introduce himself and briefed the paramedics while they exanimated Daniel. “He’s been sick and started treatment with penicillin two days ago, which caused an anaphylactic shock. No history of any other allergies of receiving other kinds of antibiotics in the past. I injected him with an EpiPen with 0,15mg about four minutes ago. His reaction was immediate, his breathing evened fast and the swelling of his throat went down.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock my boy is that really you?” André exclaimed, still with that hint of disbelief in his voice as he got closer, his arms already spreading in preparations for a hug.
"My God Sherlock! Have you been walking all the way home in this weather?!" John exclaimed as he quickly started to pry off the detectives heavy coat, leaving in on the floor for now, before grapping the long, pale, icy fingers in his own warm hands and started to rub them to get the blood flowing again.
John immediately let Sherlock into his arms and allowed him to cry silently in his chest. To many people thought Sherlock to be heartless and immune to insults because of his distant attitude towards many daily life things and yes, normally the man is able to shake of the frequent insults, but Sherlock is still only
Greg sighed. “We ran over of course and I quickly got a hold of the man and..” He paused for a minute, clearly not liking what was coming next in his story. “The bastard overpowered me and took me down as it was nothing. The two other officers had to pull him off me as if I was some freaking damsel in distress.” Greg scowled, waiting for John to break out laughing anytime now.
Sherlock drew back his hands from the other man and placed a warm arm around John’s waist.
Sherlock stood from his seat at the table and made his way to his beloved blogger.
Sherlock could feel his heart drop to his stomach. Had he been using? Then why wasn’t John mad at him? How could he say he didn’t do anything wrong? He couldn’t imagine any scenario or case that would justify he’d start doing cocaine again, but apparently he’d found one, even if he was unable to remember it. But it would explain his current position and symptoms. He’d probably been close to overdose and that’s why he couldn’t remember anything and why his throat hurt. He’d had his stomach pumped! It’d been so long since he’d been in this situation, but now he recognised it for what it was.
“I need to talk to you Sherlock.” The DI answered simply.
John had a rough day, Sherlock helps
“Exactly. That is precisely the same case with my little brother. Since the two of you decided to upgrade your partnership to include every sense of the word, Sherlock have never bonded so well with other people. He’s happier, more sociable and his habits of dangerous self-neglect have dropped immensely.” Mycroft listed, still with his usual cool mask in place.
“Go on”
John made his way up to the bar, ready to set his plan into motion. He walked right up to the brown-haired woman and sat down next to her, turning towards her invitingly. It worked as he looked up from her drink to see who’d joined her. John deliberately led his eyes slide hungrily up and down the woman’s body.
Sherlock entered the filled office space and took a wide look around the room. It didn’t take him long to pinpoint two men, sitting at their desk’s but grinning and smiling at each other like idiots, clearly very satisfied with themselves. Seeing how Sally reacted at the notion of returning up here it was a no brainer to figure out someone had deliberately locked Sally into that room, no doubt in a twisted way to teach her a lesson of some sort. And while Sherlock had never been the biggest fan of Sallys’ he’d never condone the use of such awful methods. Not knowing Sally had claustrophobia was no excuse and these bastards should be made aware that such actions is not without consequences.
Mycroft’s mask only faltered for a split second, clearly not stupid enough to underestimate the truth behind the doctor’s words. He quickly shielded off his unease though and returned to the matter at hand. “Threaten me all you want John, but that is not very productive for the true reason as to why I brought you here.” He said, his own voice as calm and collected.
John could visibly see how Sherlock immediately tensed up as the two walked towards them. He too could feel the anger slowly rise inside himself. John had come to dislike Donovan and Anderson just as much and possible even more than Sherlock. They always meant trouble. But the very
“They’re getting rid of me.. Just like all the others have! It’s just a matter of days before I have to shuffle all my shit back into a garbage bag and they kick me out so I can be another family’s nuisance!” Charlie sprouted the words in a harsh angry voice, but the hurt and insecurity was brewing right under the surface. The teen had his fist clenched hard and he was now trying to glare a hole in the ground, looking anywhere but Sherlock or Dexter, probably realising that his true emotions would be easily visible if he looked up.
“Do I even want to know what kind of bacteria you’re growing in our kitchen?”
Red at the tip of his nose and under both eyes – Sherlock had been blowing his nose and tried to dry his tears recently. Properly in an effort to hide the fact from John but even John wasn’t this blind.
John and Sherlock shared a quick glance and a smile, knowing when arguing would be pointless.
Feeling the irritation building John idly takes out the organ and marches back inside the living room where Sherlock is currently to be found sitting in his favorite chair, texting fiercely on his smartphone.
“You’re testing my patience Mycroft. You can’t just kidnap me at every your every whim and expect I’ll come running like a loyal dog each time.” John growled, not even trying to hide his irritation of the whole situation.
“Just rest a bit John, you’re exhausted. I’ll order some Chinese. I’ll wake you up when it gets here.” Sherlock said, not leaving any room for objections.
Btw it IS actually REAL the nailpolish that change colour when exposed to date rape drugs and I think that is AWESOME! It’s been invented by four undergrad engineering students. How cool is that?! Unfortunately, it’s not yet on the market as I understand. For this story I however allowed Molly to be the inventor of it, but here’s a link to a YouTube video explaining the invention if you’d like:
John chewed his bottom lip for a minute, trying to figure out how he could make this happen. Suddenly he got an idea and he leaned closer to Anderson to tell him his plan. “Alright listen to me, this is what we’re going to do.”
John’s eyes widened in shock and his hold around Sherlock tightened a little further.
John rewarded him with an even wider smile. “I know, I love you too.” Was his answer.
“Ah bugger! I spilled your beer too. Let me buy you a new one as an apology.” The man then offered as he took a couple of the napkins Sherlock had gotten and started to dap away at the golden liquid from the bar.
Sherlock pouted slightly and refused to look his lover in the eyes. This was getting ridiculous! These past three months John had started spending more and more time at the gym. He went there after work, between cases even in the weekends.
“Hi there, I..”
Sherlock tightened his hold as well and buried his nose into John’s soft blond hair, inhaling deeply while his mind kept replaying “Thank you.. Oh God thankyou, thankyou, thankyou.. I love you.. I love you John Watson.. Thank you” over and over in his head.
“I prefer quality over quantity.” Sherlock answered coolly having given up on shutting the man up but still eyed him with a cold glare out of the corner of his eye. He probably wouldn’t understand Sherlock’s backhand insult, dumb as he was. It was clear he’d spent the better part of 5 minutes flexing his unnaturally large biceps in Sherlock’s direction at every given opportunity, stretching the fabric of his formfitting black t-shirt tightly over his arms in some sort of misguided hope that it’d suddenly make the detective swoon in admiration and lust. Like it would work, Sherlock had his very own fit, muscular and much more attractively proportioned soldier, doctor boyfriend waiting for him upstairs. This fitness goon, who probably did nothing else but lift heavy weights while admiring himself in the mirror could never compare to his John, not on that front or any other for that matter.
After another few minutes of comfortable silence Sherlock finally said:
“Lestrade? What are you doing here?”
Greg squinted at the screen;
His blood froze in his veins as he not only recognized his boyfriend, looking dazed, limp and confused, but also distraught and trying to offer what little fight he was capable of in his current state as a huge man stuck his hand down the front of the detective pants. The man mumbled something John couldn’t make out before he saw him turn Sherlock roughly around, slamming him face first back against the wall before beginning to pull down his pants further with an excited sneer.
“Everything! Everything is wrong! How can Frodo just send Sam away like that John? After everything they’ve been through?!” Sherlock cries out, his hands leaving his hair to gesture wildly at the screen. The scene had passed and moved on to the soldiers of Minas Tirith moving out to take back Osgiliath.
Molly looked up through her eyelashes that were still clumped together by recent tears as she slowly rose back to her feet, coffee stained papers back in her hands. She sniffed once and shifted her gaze to her feet before she spoke; “Yeah.. Or no.. I mean I’m just so far behind with work and my boss just chewed me out because I haven’t finished some important biopsy analyses, I have two autopsies waiting that needs to be done tonight and with all the paperwork that follows.. God I’m rambling, sorry. it’s not your problem and I’m sorry Sherlock, but you can’t be here tonight. I need my lab.. I’m in for an all-nighter if I’m to have any hope finishing it all in time.” Molly said apologetically as if she was asking for the moon instead of claiming her own workspace. She walked quickly over to the other side of the desk to put her papers down, staying on the other side of Sherlock. She still refused to look him in the eyes, clearly embarrassed about her appearance.
“No really, I’m serious. I’m sorry about before okay, I’ll back off I promise. You’re not interested, I get it. But I feel really bad, just let me make this up to you and then I swear I’ll leave you alone.” The man said in a solemn tone, his flirty smirk gone and a serious look in his eyes.
Sherlock all but gleamed at him.
The other man’s head was rolling back in forth like he was very drunk while he was manhandled forward. Sluggish protests continually escaping him, though he could not form any form of coherent sentence. “Noo.. Mmm.. Wha.. Let go.. Jo..”
The detective turned back to John. “He.. He didn’t.. Did he?” Sherlock could not get himself to voice the full question, but he knew John would understand. He did not feel any pain in.. That area and he couldn’t recall the act happening, but he couldn’t trust his own memory at this point, and he needed to be sure.
"Much better, nice touch with putting the towel in the dryer by the way, it was lovely."
Sherlock was surprised how much he’d started to actually enjoy these nights out with John, Lestrade and the by now semi regular participants from the Yards homicide division. Over the course of the last 6 months it’d evolved to be a bit of a tradition for them all to go out and celebrate whenever a though case got closed. Since Sherlock and John almost always got involved with the more demanding cases, they always ended up joining. In the beginning Sherlock had just went along with it because he knew John enjoyed going out, socializing and getting a few pints with the team and the detective knew the doctor always loved it when he’d join. Sherlock really just wanted to make John happy. But the more he went along the more he’d started to lean to enjoy the experience and he secretly loved how John would always get more outwardly affectionate after a few beers. He’d been used to people denying being associated with him for most of his life so who could blame him for liking that John actually wanted to flaunt him to the world as if to say
Sherlock to help him out. He always felt weak when his wound would act up, leaving him gasping and winching and
John stepped out of the black Mercedes and looked at his surroundings. This time it seemed Mycroft had ‘kidnapped’ him to the old harbour at the abandoned industrial sector. Huge grey buildings dominated the scene, the area smelled foul and graffiti was sprayed on several of the crumbling walls around him.
“That’s no good! The fastest route won’t allow us nearly enough cover to make it through. You saw the angle the bullet hit! This is a Russian KGB trained sniper, he’s clearly shooting down at us from higher ground, probably the walkways hanging along the outer wall above us. You can be damn sure he’s equipped with top of the line night vision googles, which means his visual is far superior to ours. Now if we want to make it we must move silently and fast from cover to cover! Understand?” John whispered in a calm, but demanding voice that left no room for questions. His military training allowing him to stay calm. Still he really wished he had had his browning right about now.
Later that week the whole homicide division listened eagerly to two young officers retelling of how DI Lestrade had taken down a dangerous and armed murderer singlehanded in the blink of an eye. That night Lestrade received several shoulder clasps, he was denied to buy his own drinks as everybody insisted on getting the next round for him, shout outs of admiration and cheers filled the pub and Lestrade had never felt so appreciated or respected. As he raised his glass as yet another cheers for him filled the room he silently dedicated the cheer to his best mate John Watson.
“Ah John, glad you guys could make it on such short notice.” Greg greeted as he spotted him.
But John could not stop, would not stop. He would not allow Singer to get to Sally. The car was getting frightfully close and Sally stood still and vulnerable next to the walkway. John used the very last of his strength to spring the last few yards and tackled Sally forcefully onto the walkway. He felt a slight twinge at his left side, but not much else as they both tumbled to the ground, spinning a few times. Singer had barely missed them, but miss he did. In a desperate attempt, he tried to swing the car around to try again and for a moment John was certain this was it for both Donovan and himself, as they still lay helpless on the ground. But the car was at too high a speed and swayed too much. The car rolled over and with a loud crash wrapped itself around the nearest lamppost on the other side of the road.
“Eh.. Lestrade.. Text.. Case..” Sherlock muttered absentminded, his eyes still busy tracing the defined lines of John’s body.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j10yJq1jqyI
“Good.” John said. “Now, do you have a gun on you?” He then asked.
“As it turns out cutting onions and then rubbing you eye is a really bad idea.. Should probalbly have thought of that earlier.” Sherlock looked slightly embarrassed by admitting his mistake.
They jumped out of hiding in a blur of motion. Immediately as the emerged a gunshot rang out and could be heard ricocheting off one of the machines near them. John quickly pulled them behind another machine a few feet ahead of them. They sat there for a few moments, recollecting themselves. John quickly looked Mycroft over, making sure he was still uninjured since it was him the sniper was after. After a few moments, John counted again and they were moving. This time John pushed Mycroft slightly ahead of himself to shield him, making it harder for the sniper to get a clear shot. He hoped the Russian would have an honour codex that’d deny him to shoot any other but his target. Unfortunately, this didn’t seem to be the case as yet another shot rang out, this time flying dangerously close to John’s right temple. Once again, they both dived behind the next cover they came to, finding a momentary safe spot.
“I want you to know John, I think this is a complete waste of time and I’m only agreeing to this because you are offering a La Prohibicion wine to make it bearable.” He said. John couldn’t help but chuckle. “You can pout all you want Sherlock, but you can’t expect telling me you’ve never seen as epic and essential a movie trilogy as Lord of the Rings and then not expect me to do anything about it.” This seemed to only deepen Sherlock’s pout even more. “I wanted to watch the documentary on bees.” He muttered lowly. John delivered a teasing slap to Sherlock’s knee. “Don’t be such a mood killer Sherlock, I’m taping that documentary for you. We’ll watch it next time I promise, but tonight..” John held up the three DVDs. “We’re going on an adventure!” He exclaimed enthusiastically. Honestly having an excuse to sit close to Sherlock for the next conceivable amount of time was the biggest reason for his excitement. Getting to watch his favorite movie trilogy was just a bonus.
John stood back a little baffled as to what suddenly turned on Sherlock’s black mood, but shrugged it off. Even after all this time together with that brilliant man he still couldn’t figure out that mind of his. Hopefully his lover would be in better spirit when he returned from his workout.
“These threats are not to be taken likely. I need to further research the Syndicate’s territorial reach and power positions in the city. The worst thing we can do right now is acting too rashly. We have a 48 hours deadline to work with, we’ll just have to hope Lestrade can hold out for that long.” The thought of having to leave Lestrade in that hellhole even a minute longer made Sherlock’s stomach hurt, but he did not see any other way. He turned to John; “John, what’s your assessment of his condition?”
Sherlock can only blink a few times in astonishment.
Charlie still looked down but still didn’t make any move to jump right away so Sherlock continued in as calm a voice he could muster. “Whatever you’re going through right now, how much you might believe what you’re thinking of doing is the right decision.. It’s not. This is not the answer.”
John put down the glasses and wine on the coffee table. Sherlock was already seated in the sofa. Leaning against the corner, his right arm draped over the back. His face bore an expression of reluctance as John fished out the DVD box.
The helicopter quickly turned it’s attached spotlight on and directed it at the point of impact where the two men had entered the water. Lestrade, Mycroft and several other police officers ran to the edge of the harbour, the armed ones aiming their weapons at the water, ready to fire if needed.
“What about the soup?” John asked teasingly he didn’t really care much for soup at this point.
Sherlock was completely awestruck. “Molly, this is amazing!!” He exclaimed. “You have to tell me your process. Do you need any help with the final developments? This needs to be produced to the whole population! It’s absolutely genius!” Sherlock was amazed. Such an invention wouldn’t just help him, but so many others. He felt honoured Molly had been inspired by him to create such a great product and he wanted to help get it on the public market as fast as possible. This would definitely make him feel a lot safer when going out again. He was sure he’d never spend a day not wearing the polish, this would be so helpful in so many ways!
fine! Otherwise I wouldn’t have found you on the floor like that! I don’t care about tea I care about
“Thanks, but don’t underestimate your own skills Sally. Without you and the Yard we wouldn’t be half as successful as we are.” He said in his honest opinion.
“John..” he croaked slightly. He had to say something, do something! He had to make this right again. But John held up the hand that wasn’t clutching his shoulder in a motion of silence.
“That’s not an issue anymore.” Sherlock stated and turned around to face his boyfriend.
John didn’t know what to say to make Sherlock understand. But it didn’t really matte, Sherlock could tell what John meant even without hearing the man voice his reasons.
The perimeter was quickly secured and Lestrade was about to shout out his next line of orders when suddenly a rapid series of gunfire sounded from inside. Everything went quiet, only the whirling wind and hum from the helicopter filled the night air, as everybody listened intensely to see if more gunshots would follow. Suddenly the sound of a window shattering echoed and the silhouette of two men, grasped together were seen falling from the second floor of the warehouse, straight into the cold and dark water of the harbour below.
‘Shit!’ was all John could think as he ran down the hallway and out to on the street to hail a cab.
“Well, if you’d take a dictate while I review these slides under the microscope that’d be great.” She answered as she slid the first sample into place. Sherlock nodded and pulled over the open laptop Molly had set up and tapped away as Molly meteorically announced her findings and notes to be taken down.
“What the hell is this now?” Ethan exclaimed frustrated, as the files slid around like an avalanche covering his entire desk area.
Shouts of horror, curses and warnings alongside the noisy engine filled the cold night air. Among the many voices, John could make out Sherlock’s fearful yell.
“Dull..” was his only comment.
Mrs. Hudson smiled wider in a motherly fashion. “Not a thing dear! Dear Sherlock have been so sweet, helping me out all day. Hoovering, doing the dishes, shopping, made us lunch and baked. It’s really been an immense help.”
“If it weren’t for me you would be nothing more than a useless invalid veteran with a psychosomatic limp and a scarred, shattered shoulder, with no one in your life but an alcoholic, adulterous sister, living a dull, pathetic life in a world of greys, wandering around in a world with no need or room for you. I’m the one who have given you a purpose with your life again! So don’t talk about you saving me John when it is very clearly the other way around! Besides that, Reggie Jones has already killed 4 people, how many more innocent people do you think you’ve just sent to their death by preventing his apprehension today? Well done doctor!”
“Charlie no!!”
Charlie finally turned his head to look the detective in the eye. Gone were the tough exterior and left were only a sad, hurting and confused kid.
Sherlock smiled. “Of course.”  The detective answered.
Sherlock pulled away slightly, though not enough to completely break the embrace and cast his deductive eyes all over John’s body, swallowing all the tiny pieces of data they could find. When he had gathered all the information that had been available Sherlock immediately pulled John towards the couch, sat him down and pulled him close to his chest once again before starting stating his deductions one by one, in chronological order of their supposedly occurrence;
! He was only now starting to recognize some of the symptoms for what they really were, it had just been so long since he’d last experienced them that by now it was too late for him to react in time. Christian must’ve drugged his drink when he’d turned away for a few moments to get napkins to dry off his wet phone. He’d knocked over John’s beer on purpose, this had been his plan all along!
No answer.
Sherlock sat on his chair, legs drawn up to his chest and head in his hands while weaves of despair washed over him. He was sad, he was alone.. He was an idiot…
“Bottoms up.” John said and both men threw back the liquid in a quick motion, slamming the glasses back down.
Lestrade repeated the action a third time, making the lowlife let out a pathetic sob as he cried. “GHB! It was GHB, alright!!”
“Brilliant, then follow me. I can already tell this will be a magnificent night!” André cheered.
“It’s quite alright, I’ll just be a couple of minutes before we start so feel free to answer it if you want.” The nice woman said in a happy tone that probably already annoyed Sherlock to no end.
John however was faced with another surprise as the couple excited their apartment and saw a beautiful black Mercedes parked right at the curb in front of the door. He’d expected Sherlock to use his magic ability to hail a cap to take them to the opera, but this..
Anderson snorted in mock horror. “Come on John, let’s be honest here. I’m surrounded by a bunch of tall and handsome officers, no woman in here is going to spare me a single glance. Besides, if you haven’t noticed, I’m not the best at making first impressions. I’ll probably just end up making more of a fool out of myself.”
John smiled and held up a hand in a half defending way. “Don’t be ridiculous, it’s good fun. I should be thanking you for putting up with me. I know I can get a bit much.” John laughed.
“Did you get injured? Anything bruised or fractured?” John asked, his voice portraying a fair share of concern.
John couldn’t even answer at first. He just stood speechless with wide eyes the first couples of seconds before he finally regained his wits.
“Wake the geezer up so we can show them we mean business.” A gravelly voice sounded from the cameraman. The other man nodded and proceeded to pick up a rusty bucket that stood at the edge of the picture. He pulled the bucket back with both hands and splashed its entire content of no doubt freezing water onto the unconscious DI. Lestrade spasmed in his restraints a few times and hissed by the forceful awakening and cold shock of the water. Now that he was more upright and facing the cameraman more probably, it was easier to see the extent of damage done to his body.
“2.. An elder mand and.." John swallowed "And a small boy…” He finished, a fresh wave of tears rolling down his cheeks once again.
“Sherlock.” John said and Sherlock immediately gave John his full attention, ready to help as much as he could. “Go back to the offices and find a first aid kit. There should be an EpiPen inside, we need it – fast.” John commanded and Sherlock flew out the door to do so.
“No Sherlock, my boy, you don’t have too. I’m having the ladies coming over tomorrow. I have to get shopping done, hoover the stairs and my flat and I promised the girls to bake my raspberry pie. I can take care of it myself Sherlock dear, always have.” Mrs. Hudson said, with a soft smile in the end, no doubt to reassure the detective of her own capability.
“Good run today.” John said, still trying to catch his own breath too. “I actually think that was a new record for us.” He grinned in satisfaction.
Ethan fisted his hands under the table. “It this because of what happened earlier with that Dr. Watson? This is getting ridiculous!!” He howled.
Sherlock was released from the hospital in the evening into the care of John and with the promise he’d take it easy for a few days. Besides feeling a bit weak and faint from the whole ordeal he felt surprisingly okay. John had told him everything.. About how Charlie had handled the situation brilliantly when he’d first spotted Sherlock in the arms of that vile man and manged to get to Sally and the others in time to come to his aid. If it hadn’t been for that young boy Sherlock wouldn’t even dare to imagine what would have happened. He’d make sure to visit the boy some time in the next couple of days to thank him probably.
“Wow, sexy
Sherlock and John had assisted the Yard for the past two weeks in closing down a widespread and complex drug ring in London, which hadn’t hesitated to murder in order to keep up business. The case had been long and gruelling to say the least and had especially taken a large toll on Lestrade who’d had his chief breathing down his neck, pressuring for results. The poor D.I had hardly slept the past two weeks and it had started to show. When they finally succeeded in bringing down the ring and arrest all associated, Greg was demanded to write up his full report right away. Greg had looked ready to drop at that point so John and Sherlock had offered to stay as well to help finishing the task. It was against protocol, but Greg gladly accepted the help. By now it was early morning and all three men looked forward to some much deserved rest.
“Sorry Sherlock, but apparently two other doctors have called in sick and they’re short-handed in staff so I got to go.” John said, his voice portraying how sorry he truly was.
John opened his mouth in an attempt to greet Sherlock, but as he did all he managed was a shaky sigh as he could feel hot tears gather in the corner of his eyes.
Later that night Dimmock sat at his son’s bedside in the hospital, where he slept peacefully. Daniel was luckily feeling much better, still a bit of a fever, but at least breathing without any trouble. He brushed a few curls from his son’s forehead. Thanks to John Watson, his boy was still alive and he would never stop being grateful to the man for that.
Sherlock is not satisfied that John is spending more time i the gym than he is with him - until he is
Sherlock could feel a cold dread slowly spreading from the pit of his stomach. His inner alarm bells blinking and ringing loudly throughout his system, warning him to just get away from this man
“No!” John exclaimed loudly and winched slightly at his own volume in the small hospital room (luckily Mycroft had secured a private room, the other Holmes brother was quite handy to know from time to time). “No.” John repeated softer this time and squeezed Sherlock’s hand between his own two, letting his thumbs rub across the back of it soothingly.
Was that hope John just saw flash in Sherlock’s eyes? Only one way to find out
Lestrade lifted his gaze and looked directly at the screen as growled in responds; “Fuck off..” which only served to earn him a shift blow to the stomach from the other man, making the DI crumple back together. Lestrade let out a pained gasp, filling the audio with coughs and his struggle to fill his lungs properly afterwards.
The man smiled a more natural smile and quickly caught the bartender’s eye again to return when he could to order a new beer.
. He isn’t a heartless machine that people can push around and hurt, assuming it doesn’t affect him. But John knew the truth.. He could see how Sherlock’s eyes would flash hurt and sadness whenever he had to take yet another insult or accusation straight to his face, but just as fast it would disappear behind the wall Sherlock had put between himself and the world. A wall only a chosen few had ever been allowed and able to breach and John being the first and only one that Sherlock no longer bothered to keep a wall between. Sherlock had allowed John access to his heart, allowed him to love him and love John back in return and John would make sure Sherlock would never forget how loved he was ever again.
“No John – no, there’s no case. I very much wanted to bring you here and enjoy an evening with you that does not end with us running across London’s rooftops. But I do admit I also had an ulterior motive for coming here tonight.”
Sherlock and Sally both looked down at John at said in choir. “Shut up John.” But their voices too held a slight humours tone to it.
John looked back up at his lover’s face. His eyes were still horrible red and tearful, but he was laughing that sweet, genuine laugh that always melted John’s heart a little bit more. Now John was really confused one minute Sherlock was crying and the next laughing. Had he missed something?
John felt a pang of sympathy for the guy. It’d always been more of less obvious, that Anderson had been good and well on Sally’s hook. She’d always been the one to call the shots in their romance. John would never approve of Anderson’s decision to cheat on his wife with Sally, but everyone on the force knew the man had divorced his wife to be with Sally 6 months earlier. And here she was, having moved on with another man without second thought and Anderson left behind looking more and more like a kicked and unwanted puppy.
“You sure have improved a lot mate. Not just running, but in combat as well. You should be proud of yourself.” John said, not hiding his own satisfaction with Lestrade’s results. He’d really enjoyed these last couple of months. Greg had, of course, been a great student and had quickly picked up their lessons. When John first met Greg, some years ago, they’d quickly got along. After these couple of months however, it’d really felt like their bond had only grown stronger and more profound. Sherlock dominated such a large part of his life, and he truly loved the detective with all his heat, but he had to admit it was nice having such a good friend in Greg who’d share a pint, talk sports and simply having someone who’s brain followed a more human tempo as his own.
“Dimmock, you said you started him on penicillin two days ago, have Daniel received penicillin or any kind of antibiotic medication before? And have you ever experienced him having any form of allergic reaction?” He asked, his voice steady and sure.
Sherlock quickly turned around to face his boyfriend, intend on apologizing profoundly so that John would forgive him and they could sit down with a cuppa together and forget this dreadful evening once and for all.
“You’re we..” But Sherlock froze in the middle of his sentence, his eyes catching something over John’s shoulder.
"Soon love, first let's get you out of these wet clothes and into the hot shower. Meanwhile I'll make your tea and order some chinese, how does that sound?" John asked with a smile and fondness in his voice.
“What?! It was the only one Mrs. Hudson had left! This is an Armani shirt John, I’m not going to sacrifice it just for the sake of making you a hot meal!” Sherlock tried to defend himself, but still not able to suppress the flush of embarrassment to spread to his ears and down his neck.
“That sounds lovely.” Sherlock said.
“Mrs. Hudson the sauce is boiling, should I add the cream now? Oh.. John.. Hello, welcome home.” Sherlock said a bit bewildered since he had actually been so engaged in this cooking ordeal that he hadn't even registered John’s arrival. His curly hair was slightly ruffled and he had a bit of flour on his right cheek, but that wasn't the reason as to why John Watson immediately broke into a laughing fit so intense that he had to take to his sides and bend forward from laughing so hard when he saw Sherlock’s appearance.
“’We’ huh? Liking what you see love?” John rumbled in his deep voice, just loud enough for Sherlock to hear.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” Davis asked, trying to sound unafraid, but failing miserably.
At that Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly in surprise, but quickly reigned himself in once again. John noticed him swallowing before speaking softly. “Love? You think Frodo.. Loves Sam?”
The boy looked frustrated. “I don’t know how bloody old he is! 30ish I guess?! He’s tall and skinny and have dark brown curly hair! I don’t think he knows the other man because he was fighting to get away from him, but couldn’t. He could hardly talk and he couldn’t walk by himself, it was kindda like he was super drunk or like.. Really stoned out..” The boy paused in his rant, his complexion taking on a greyish note as he continued. “And the man was saying some really fucked up stuff about him having a nice ass and.. That he’d make it good for him too if he behaved..”
Who was John Watson without Sherlock Holmes? No one it seemed. Sherlock had become such a vital part of his life without him even hardly noticing and he could no longer see how to go on without the detective. Until now John had convinced himself, that it at least it seemed like Sherlock had become as dependent on John’s presence in his life as well. But that was a lie of course.. Sherlock was still Sherlock without John at his side. Still that amazing, stunningly beautiful genius he had always been. How could John have been silly enough to believe that he’d actually made a difference in the detective’s life? Stupid.. He was so stupid and utterly useless… Yet another thing that clearly hadn't changed since his return form service..
“Is that.. Meant for us?” The doctor asked tentatively.
“Do as you want, but for once your otherwise limited knowledge would be useful to me!”
Sherlock sat on the couch, a soft pillow in his lap and the head of John Watson resting on top. Both men were clad in a t-shirt and a soft pair of pyjamas pants. The detective ran his fingers steadily through the soft grey-blond hair as his listened to his lover’s soft breathing. John wasn’t asleep. The morphine had significantly helped to manage the pain and made the doctor accordingly lightheaded, but he’d still trouble finding rest. Their bedroom upstairs had been unpleasantly cold and the last thing John needed right now Instead Sherlock had brought down their pillows and John’s cover. He prompted John to lay down on the couch with his head in Sherlock’s lap to help him relax and the cover pulled around him. The detective assured John that he had no problem staying up himself, offering John the comfort he needed at this time.
“3 years?” The doctor repeated slowly, his voice questioning.
“God dammit!” John cursed again as the tie was still proving him difficulty. Suddenly two long arms reached over his shoulders and pried the loathed piece of clothing from his hands and took over the task.
John huffed out a small laugh. “Really? Then why are we always either living off take away, my awful cooking or Mrs. Hudson’s generous late dinners if you’re such a culinary genius, love?”
Sherlock couldn’t help the twinge in his chest at his landlady’s words. It was true, in the years Sherlock had lived upstairs for Mrs. Hudson she’d always taken care of everything on her own. Not only her own needs and chores, but the ones of Sherlock’s as well. Whenever he and John worked long cases she’d always put out dinner for when they got home, that Sherlock would eat completely absentminded. She dusted off their shelves and bookcases at least once a week. She even washed Sherlock’s clothes whenever he got difficult stains as blood, mud or glass on them because she knew, despite his genius, that he’d never get them clean himself and sooner just toss out his expensive Armani shirt than try for himself. John helped of course, often doing the shopping for her on his way home from the surgery or take out the heavy bins to the curb on trash day. Sherlock however have never aided in any domestic keeping. And worse, the detective realised, he never expressed any thanks whenever Mrs. Hudson did these little deeds. He’d just come to expect them as part of his daily life. Despite Mrs. Hudson’s many claims of not being a housekeeper that was exactly how Sherlock had treated her for far too long.
“John..” Sherlock said in a warning tone.
John couldn't stop his eyes from widening in surprise after that statement. Yes he knew Sherlock had been an addict, but he’d had no idea that the man had still been in the middle of it when they first met. What a poor doctor he was, he hadn't even noticed that Sherlock was still using when they’d first started living together.
John let out a low pleasured groan and allowed his head to fall forwards as Sherlock worked his stiff shoulder, also releasing some of the pent up tension from the day, in which Sherlock had been(not surprisingly) correct in his every deduction, loving every caring, comforting, lovingly caress of those wonderfully slender and strong fingers.
“John don’t you dare! I will never hear the end of it!!” Sherlock exclaimed and then jumped forward to try and take away John’s phone to delete the evidence.
“Of course! It’ll be great to teach a bit again and I get to have a workout buddy for a time. I see no downside.” John said passionately.
They entered the dark building trying to locate the boy. “Damn, I know he came here, but not where he went. He doesn’t know I followed him, but he was so upset I thought I should fetch you sooner rather than later Mr. Holmes, he actually listens to you for most part.” Dexter muttered softly.
“Thought as much.” John sighed for real this time before grapping the other man's hand as they made their way through the crowded streets of London.
Molly blushed a bit by the rare overflow of praise coming from the detective. “Oh, yeah. I’d like that very much.” She smiled a bit.
Immediately gentle warm hands started to work on the overly strained muscles in John’s shoulder, making the doctor let out a small hiss, but oh so relieved that Sherlock was back, knowing he would make everything well again.
“Actually.. I think Lestrade and his team can take care of this case themselves. Maybe we could just head home and.. Take a shower there?” Sherlock said, the flush across his cheeks growing darker and his voice with a clear undertone of hope.
“So it’s settled!” Sherlock proclaimed and clapped his hands once and started to look around the flat with an expectant look. He turned a few times and a bewildered expression came over him. He turned back to his landlady. “Just where do we keep the hoover?” He asked.
Mrs. Hudson didn’t answer, but her eyes shined bright with an unshed tear of happiness as she leaned into the embrace with a wide smile. John watched the scene with fondness, his love for Sherlock Holmes suddenly growing impossible stronger. No matter what the detective would ever claim, Sherlock Holmes was the farthest from a sociopath anyone could be, that much was clear. He’d simply been burnt and hurt by a world too many times to let his guard down publicly. But here in the safe confinements of their home Sherlock didn’t have to hide himself. His obvious worry and care for their landlady was heartwarming and John’s chest swelled at the sight.
“Don't do this to yourself John - you did everything in your power. It's
“I don’t think so, please just leave me alone.” She answered and crossed her arms protectively around herself, her body language clear.
As John and Sherlock both made their way into Greg’s patrol car, both men relished in knowing how many people would always have their back.
“Oh God..” John moaned in pleasure as Sherlock found a particularly stubborn knot in his shoulder - working it out gently and skillfully before moving on to the next.
John finished packing his bag and reached up to plant a soft kiss on Sherlock’s cheek.
The woman placed herself in front of a computer screen and gestured John to sit at a guest chair in the corner. Unfortunately, before John were able to sit himself down his phone started chiming loudly in his pocket.
“Well done Daniel, it’s over now.” John said with a smile and squeezed the boy’s shoulder. Daniel was obviously still very traumatized and the tears he’d fought so hard to hold back now started to flow freely, his sobs filling the small office.
Sherlock cleared his throat and looked to Lestrade. “What you did… What you all just did..” He turned to indicate the rest of the yarders in the room. “That was.. Good. Thank you.” He said softly.
Now John eyes turned to anger, but clearly not anger directed at Sherlock, cause his gaze turned distant as he answered. “We were out with Lestrade and the rest of the yarders for drinks. When you went downstairs to get drinks some bastard slipped a high dose of GHB into your scotch and managed to manhandle you out of the bar to an alley a few blocks away. Luckily Charlie saw the two of you and knew something was very off and he managed to run away to alert Sally to the situation back at the bar. But he.. He almost.. If I’d gotten there just a minute later..” At the end John’s angry look crumbled back into grief and guilt and unable to finish his sentence.
Sherlock’s eyes widened when he heard John’s name. Lestrade had clearly talked with John and knew of his whereabouts, but Sherlock could feel his heart racing in fear and worry. For Lestrade to be this angry with him had to mean that John was more affected and hurt by this evening’s events than first anticipated.
Ethan just shrugged his shoulders in indifference. “Hey, I’m just calling them as I see them buddy. If we’d been in America a wimp like that would never be allowed to work with the force.”
“Thanks love.” John said as he accepted his cup, taking a large gulp of the liquid, feeling the need for caffeine.
SO It’s finally here!! The last chapter!! I really hope you like it!! At first I was afraid it’d be too short but BOY was I wrong! 19 freaking pages I wrote to make this chapter, it just took a whole life on it’s own! I’m really happy about some parts and not so happy about others. It really wasn’t my intention that John would fill so much in this chapter, since it wasn’t supposed to be about John and Sherlock’s relationship, but it was hard not to have him involved in most of the chapter. I mean, his boyfriend was drugged and attempted raped, I needed to let John have his vengeance after all!
Mrs. Hudson beamed at the offer. “Oh, that sounds lovely dear, I’ll be right back with the others.”
John turned with the intention of telling Lestrade off for stopping him, but as he saw the look on the DI’s face, he didn’t doubt the other’s intentions. “I’m on him John. Go to Sherlock he needs you.” The DI said his own eyes an inferno of rage never leaving the man under John, that was now moaning lowly in pain.
“You got something John?” Sherlock asked eagerly.
For a while the two men sat together and talked about various topics, including a nostalgic remembrance of their university days where they’d both played on their respectable rugby varsity teams. After a while though John couldn’t help but noticing that Greg seemed a bit more reserved than usually when they went out for drinks. The detective always brought a sense of humour and cheerfulness wherever he went, when off duty, easily attracting a crowd of people who enjoyed his presence. With a job as Detective Inspector, Greg had to be very serious and authoritarian when on the job so it was no wonder he liked so shed that persona when in private and being among friends.
The three men started to make their way towards the elevators, but as they were crossing through the open offices where most of the officers on duty were already tapping away on their computers and drinking coffee, Lestrade stopped dead in his tracks and did a facepalm. “Goddammit! I completely forgot to return the receipt and accountings documents from the case to evidence. I can’t leave it on my desk – sorry guys I just have to make a quick rundown to return it. 15 minutes and we’re off, really sorry.”
“Sherlock, I brought you something. I hope that’s okay.” Molly spoke up next and produced a small bottle from her purse and handed it over to Sherlock.
“Oh please! I would have been fine. That’s hardly an excuse for you to sabotage weeks of my work and research!!” Sherlock scowls.
Charlie was hurrying home. He knew he’d stayed out too long past his curfew and he felt bad, but he and some mates had gotten into an intense soccer game and he couldn’t leave until they’d settled the score! He’d honestly not realized how late it’d gotten when they’d finally finished the game and he didn’t have a phone to call home and tell them he was late. His parents would surely scold him when he got home, but as long as his reason to be late was because he’d had fun with friends at a soccer game and not because he’d been out making trouble, he knew they’d forgive him quickly enough. He did however decide to take a few shortcuts along the way through some dark alleyways to save time. Dexter had taught him all the safe routes in the city and showed him which parts to stay clear from, so he didn’t feel unsafe making his way through the dark pathways.
John go to stand right in front of the detective, but his presence is not even acknowledged by Sherlock, who simply continues to text away. With a deep frown John holds up the organ.
“Dexter, come in.” Sherlock said as he opened the door for the thin teen standing on the staircase landing.
“You’re so good Daniel, such a brave man you are. Everything is going to be just fine, just keep breathing for me.”
“Mrs. Hudson? Mrs. Hudson, you alright?” Sherlock calls out knocking a few times.
I realize banishment to India might be.. A bit of an overreaction to a situation such as this but hey! I couldn’t imagine Mycroft would very reasonable when really pissed off so that’s what I went with and I honestly couldn’t think of a worse punishment than traffic managing an Indian intersection!
Finally John reached all the way and planted his lips against Sherlock’s own in a long heated kiss. When they parted both men’s pupils were blown wide.
But no, this was a new kind of uneasy Sherlock was feeling. He didn’t feel bored or annoyed of agitated just.. Grouchy and irritated. It was then he realised with sudden clarity, he hadn’t had his morning tea! Sherlock’s mind started whirling. He never made tea himself, because he was rubbish at it. On days John was off work it was he who made them tea in the morning. But when John left for work, whenever Sherlock rose from bed, a warm kettle of tea kept warm by a cozy always stood ready for him. Sherlock had never really thought about it until this moment, but now the absence struck clear. Of course it has to be Mrs. Hudson who usually brings him his morning tea on days John is gone his mind quickly offered, but why not today then?
Now as they walked up to the main entrance of the villa belonging Mrs. Chester, where dozens of Yarders were already gathered, Sherlock walked close up to John’s side. “John, we don’t have to be here. I could have Lestrade e-mail me the details and we can help the Yard out from home. I didn’t think this through - I can see you’re in pain.” The detective said, but made sure to keep his voice low so only John could hear his suggestion.
Just then John entered the room from behind the doorframe looking slightly better, but still clutching his left shoulder tightly. His face, although pained, was filled with gratitude and a hint of disbelief of what had just taken place. “Thank you everyone.. Really I.. Don’t even know what to say.” The doctor said and huffed out a smile, shaking his head slightly.
Charlie harsh mask slowly began to peel away as his small sobs began to fill the air and fat, fresh tears started to stream down the boy’s face, but he still held his ground still not making any move to take the final step over the edge. Sherlock saw this as a good sign and very slowly approached a little further until he was right next to Charlie, but not touching him. He just kept talking;
Sherlock shrugged. “You can’t expect me to take an interest in everything I’m a genius at John, I’d have no time left for you then.” The detective answered with a wink.
Robertson leaned back in his seat to catch Jackson’s attention behind him.
Red rimmed eyes – been crying, recently
bad! It looked like Sherlock couldn’t even walk on his own. He’d never seen the detective this messed up. In his young life he’d seen several different stages and ways of drunkenness in lots of people, but this seemed different than that. No matter what the cause of the detective’s odd condition was he knew he had to help somehow! There was no way he could overpower that brunt of a giant carrying him, he wasn’t delusional, so he had no other choice than to quickly sneak back out into the street and find help before it’d be too late!
“Fucking hell!” John swore loudly and reached to take his lover’s pulse. It was there, but slightly irregular and Sherlock’s eyes were starting to lose focus again, his blinks becoming longer and longer, clearly starting to slowly lose consciousness.
! John continued to further save three other men’s life that day, despite being critically injured himself. A feat that almost cost him his life, his military career as well as a permanent and painful injury to his left shoulder.” Sherlock were surprised to find his own voice to be shaking slightly, but even he couldn’t contain his emotions when someone would talk so ill about the only love of his life. “Next time you decide to stomp on my partner in such a dishonourable manner you better know what hell you’re talking about, or I’ll give
Lestrade huffed and his brow frowned in a scowl of annoyance.
John growled in frustration. “My phone is in my jacket pocket, laying on the backseat of your car!”
“Molly?” Sherlock said questioningly, both in confusion as to why Molly was even still working at this late hour and also to make his presence known to her.
Newly arrived American officer Ethan Davis is soon to realize that disrespecting and insulting John Watson is the worst mistake he have ever made in his life.
“Beautiful, gorgeous, amazing..” John breathed each compliment gently.
Charlie retreated as silently and quickly as he could out of the alley. The minute he was out on the street he sprinted off to try any find someone who could come and help!
For a moment, John laid completely still, nothing but his chest heaving in the effort to try and catch his breath, with Sally still wrapped up protectively in his arms. Slowly the adrenaline started to ebb away and he could feel Sally shaking in his arms and hear the dozen footsteps of the other yarders running towards them. John eased his grip a little to look down at the sergeant. Sally returned his gaze, her eyes still filled with fright, but also gratitude.
But Sally, being in complete shock had frozen where she stood and could only find herself watching in horror as the car raced towards her, bathing her in bright light.
“Before I met you I’d been a cocaine addict for exactly 3 years, 1 month, 12 days and 6 hours. Whenever I couldn't find suitable pastimes to occupy my mind I always turned to a heavy drug abuse. I didn't know how else to keep the chaos in my head at bay. Mycroft forced me to rehab 4 times, but I could never stay clean more than a few weeks at top. Lestrade usually was the one to find me in whatever gutter or alleyway I managed to land myself in and he always carried me home to his place to make sure I would be okay. He stubbornly denies it, but I’m one of the main reasons to blame that his marriage was ruined. His wife clearly didn't like having an addict stuffed on her couch so often, but Lestrade always refused to let me out of his sight whenever I was high. He did everything in his power to keep me occupied and thereby away from my substance abuse by finding me cases and allowing me to work with the department as much as possible. But it wasn't always enough.. I was too weak..”
“Sorry Mrs. Hudson, but that’s my offer. Either you let me help you through the day or I’m calling John right now.” He said with finality.
“Well I am clever John, with and without my glasses on.” Sherlock chuckled, wrapping his long arms around the doctor pulling him slightly closer.
Quickly Sally kneeled on John’s other side. “Here, rest your head on this.” She said as she hurried to fold up her jacket into a makeshift pillow and placed it under his head.
“Sherlock dear? What’s wrong?” She asks bemused as her eyes slowly regains some clarity and moves to sit up straighter by her own.
“And I’m sure your family are very worried about you right now. I’m sure whatever you heard tonight is explainable. You know, a good detective doesn’t jump to conclusions without all the data.” Sherlock defended coolly, hoping this could be the final straw to get the boy to retreat from the roof edge.
Not so many years ago, Sherlock would have berated the idea of anyone telling him this would be his life in the future. Back then the only shadow of happiness he could find would be on the rare occasions Lestrade could let him in on a good case or when he’d shot his veins full of cocaine.  Back when he still believed in his ‘alone protects me’ mindset. And it hadn’t been easy to change his way of life. Mycroft had tried in a way as well as his parents, but none of them had been very adapt at handling his troubles. It’d taken Lestrade years to even gain a modicum of trust from the detective despite never faltering in his want to help him, something Sherlock had taken for granted for far too long, but was working on changing.
John stood completely still for a few moments, a thick silence filling the space between the two men, as he tried to comprehend what Mycroft had just said.
Sherlock huffed; “Yes well.. It didn’t do him much good now did it? If only I.. No, no matter it will do him no good for me to wallow in what-if’s. Show me the video, I need to see it.” He said with renewed focus.
Sherlock already had a good assumption of who the boy was referring too, but he asked anyway. He needed to get the boy talking. “Who’re you talking about Charlie?” He advanced slowly towards Charlie with slightly outstretched arms in an open, non-threatening gesture.
“My apologies, André may I introduce John Watson, my partner in both my work and my life.” The detective said with great warmth and joy, making John’s heart swell a bit. “John, my old violins tutor André Salieri.”
“Alright so what solution did you reach?”
John mirrored his smile. “That’s great, I’m glad to hear that! You deserve it.” John said happily. Glad Anderson seemed to finally have found happiness. It’d surely shown in his work on how much more positive and confident he’d become.
As John continued to watch her he decided he’d walk over and offer some words of reassurance. She certainly looked like she could use a shoulder to lean on right about now. He started walking slowly towards the sergeant. As he got closer a soft humming caught his ears. It didn’t stay soft for long though and grew rapidly in strength. Suddenly a car skidded sharply around the corner only a few blocks away from where Sally was standing. The car slid to a halt. The high beams shone so brightly in the dark street, that John had to cover his eyes momentarily to not be blinded by them. The engine of the car started roaring dangerously, like a street race was about to go down. There was no longer any doubt in John’s mind. Though it was impossible to see for sure, he was certain Singer was seated behind that wheel and it looked like he’d just found his next victim.  John only had just enough time to yell out a warning before the car engine roared to life and the back wheels did a wheel spin and aimed towards Donovan at full speed.
15 minutes later John finished his small examination. He casually wrapped his stethoscope around his neck after having listened to their landlady’s lungs. “You have a very slight rattling in your lungs, your temperature right now is normal, but I bet it was elevated in the morning causing you your dizzy spell. Luckily it seems Sherlock have been a very good caretaker and done all the right things. Made sure you took it easy, kept your bloodsugar up and made sure you’ve stayed hydrated. A mild cold I’d say, you already seem to be past the worst of it so just as long as you don’t stain yourself too much the next few days you’ll be as good as always.” John concluded.
The cameraman zoomed back out to show the whole scene once again. “Now this is what’s going to happen. I want you to tell your sweet colleagues watching right now, that they need to deliver every single gram of cocaine back by following the attached instructions that come with this disk, to the
“What?! Tell me your kidd..” But once again John was abruptly interrupted when he spotted a red laser dot dancing on Mycroft’s forehead.
“Sherlock listen..” John tried again, but once again he was interrupted.
A large hand pressed hard between his shoulderblades, pinning him firmly in place as another hand started to drag his pants further down his backside.. He could feel himself hyperventilating. Even in his half delusional, helpless state Sherlock’s mind and body still knew what was coming next and there was nothing he could do to stop it..
As the officers pulled away the Russian Lestrade and Mycroft bent over John who lay on the ground, dripping wet, leaning up on one of his elbows, the other arm clasped around his middle as he heaved up mouths full of dirty harbour water.
Sally seemed to finally return a bit to her old self.
John finally managed to open his eyes a fraction. He could see Sherlock bent over him, but he could also make out the many faces of the surrounding yarders that watched him with a mix of empathy, curiosity and worry. He couldn’t deal with all this attention directed at him. God, it hurt so much. He needed to get out of here.
Sherlock turned his head back towards the goon, but only to fit him with a classic
Mycroft and Lestrade almost cheered in relief. It was John! In his arms, he held the unconscious figure of the supposedly Russian sniper. Three officers and Lestrade quickly reached down and pulled both men onto dry land.
Sherlock’s eyes shifted back to André Salieri as he started talking.
The day had started with both men sleeping in. John found himself being up before his roommate for once and had taken the opportunity to cook them both a proper English breakfast. 30 minutes later Sherlock had finally emerged from his room, driven by the lovely smell of freshly brewed coffee and bacon. Sherlock hardly ate when on a case, but John knowing Sherlock as well as he did knew that this amounted in the man building an astonishing appetite the day after a case closed.
The reception, where he’d entered was located as a top floor in the gym. A walkway was going all the way around the room, with several stairs leading down to the actual fitness facilities. This gave Sherlock the great advantage that he actually had a complete overview of the area and should be able to localise John fairly easily form above.
Sherlock sighed; “Fiiine.. Just put the first one in already and let’s get this over with!” John smiled. “Trust me, you’ll love it.” He said as he guided the first disk into the DVD player. Sherlock huffed. “I doubt it.” But poured two glasses of wine and settled himself comfortable into the cushions anyway.
“I am the police kid, now tell me what the hell is going on? A boy like you shouldn’t be running around making trouble this late at night.” Sally said firmly, still keeping a hold on the boy just to make sure he wouldn’t just run off again.
“Hey John. Good one today. I’d imagine Sherlock been acting like a kid on Christmas with a case like this.” She joked good heartedly, chuckling at her own joke. John let out a small snicker himself. “Yeah he’s excited alright. Poor woman though. I researched her a bit on the way here, widowed, no kids, relatives or close friends to speak of. Being all alone in such a big house. She must’ve been very lonely and then to die like that.” He commented.
Sally nodded again. “Right, sit at my desk. The video is on the screen.” She answered.
John forced himself to take a couple of deep calming breaths before answering, his voice still shaky.
Lestrade finished a large drag from his beer before answering. “Maybe he went to the loo?” He suggested.
“Sure thing, mate.” The man said and then lifted his own still half full beer in salute. “And cheers.” He followed up.
Ethan Davis was sitting at his desk, silently brewing with rage over the day’s earlier events and how his ass had been so humiliatingly handed to him. How could he have known that puny doctor was so damn popular on the force? He’d seen today’s case as a chance to promote himself as being the strong and dependant officer on the force and saw the doctor’s episode as a mean to make himself look even better by contrast. But he hadn’t known the man’s injury was so serious. He’d just guessed it would be comparable to when he was shot himself. He’d expected that his own story of being shot on duty and he being a proper man about it, would’ve made him the centre of attention and admiration. No one was supposed to know he’d only suffered a flesh wound from that episode. That wasn’t lying, it was just.. Half a truth. But then that bloody detective had somehow seen right through him and totally exposed him, making him look like a jackass. That wasn’t at all how he’d planned today’s event to pan out. This sucked!
Ethan gave John an escalator look, up and down. One of his eyebrows raising just a fraction like he wasn’t impressed by the small doctor the slightest. However, he did reach out to claps John hand in his own in greeting.
“Seriously Sherlock?! Are you just going to sit there and sulk the rest of the evening and pretend I’m not here?!” John pinched the bridge of his nose, willing himself to calm down a bit.
“Want me to go with you?” Lestrade asked tentatively after the receptionist had informed them of the room number for John Watson.
“So, you never told me your name.” The man said in some social dictated attempt to make small talk while they waited.
“You think so – really? So.. You aren’t angry with me?” He asked cautiously.
“Sorry miss, I finished writing it up as fast as I could.” She excused softly, daring to lift her gaze to meet Sally’s and handed the document over.
“Jh.. Jawn..?” The detective managed to rasp out, his eyes trying to hold steady on John’s face above him.
“That was.. not entirely unimpressive.” Sherlock said in a somewhat awed way.
"Hey love, you want some earl grey?" John called from the kitchen in greeting as he reached for the teabags.
“Okay, calm down alright. I’m going to help you. How old is your friend? What does he look like? Do you know why he’d go with the man you think is going to hurt him, do they know each other?” She asked, needing more details in order to help.
He could feel the heat get to him down in this more crowed area of the pup. He’d left his blazer draped across the back of his chair upstairs, leaving him only in his crisp, white dress shirt, but still finding the air down here a bit to stifling for it to be comfortable. The top button of his shirt was already undone when he came in, but he undid another and then unbuttoned his shirt cuffs so he could roll up his sleeves up above both his elbows, leaving his pale forearms bare. It was then he noticed a tall, broad man with light brown hair, dressed in a plain black t-shirt and darkblue jeans who was seated on a barstool a little to his left watching him intensely, just as he’d finished with his last sleeve. The man offered him a crooked smile as Sherlock met his gaze and moved his chair a bit closer to the detective before he opened his mouth.
