Especially if his dad hadn't said anything on the matter either. He didn't want John to get even angrier at him for talking about something like that.
His stomach twisted with the regret of his words, and he cringed at his own behaviour. Dean was fully aware of just how much stress Cas’s body was under right now, healing himself of Bobby’s injuries
He flinched a little when the shrill sound rang through the air – a cell phone lighting up on the table just a few steps away from where he stood – and the demon walked over, answering it abruptly.
It was rare for him to ever find anything, but most of that was down to his laziness. He'd stopped exploring the area months back, laying traps in the same place so that he could focus on his job more than he could scavenging.
The blush slowly stained the boy's cheeks, and Castiel was on the verge of smirking at the sight, the corners of his mouth slinking upwards involuntarily,
It was a weird situation he’d found himself in though: comfortable with his own vulnerability when the boy was with him. The fact that he’d even been able to befriend someone so surprisingly unprejudiced and considerate had initially been a rather jarring realisation, but he was warming to the idea of spending more time with Dean outside of a hunt-related setting purely because the boy was, at the end of the day, a truly goodhearted person.
I was drawing it right!” Dean exclaimed gleefully, swinging open the motel room door and kicking it shut behind him. Castiel was sat on the bed again, looking up at him with an impassive expression on his face.
He twisted the cap cautiously, wincing when the metal of his cuffs dug into the tender skin as he broke the seal and removed the lid. He took a large swig from the bottle, downing half of it in one go. It mightn’t be able to satisfy his hunger, but his throat was dry enough as it was from shouting earlier on in the day, and this was actually quite refreshing in spite of its tepid temperature.
"Well, seeing as you've called me pretty before, I may as well return the compliment," he said softly, making Dean laugh.
What the fuck was wrong with him? Why couldn't he have one decent thought without the topic reverting back to hunting, and angels, and fucking
Dean pushed a hand through his hair, getting a better look at his surroundings. It shouldn't be too difficult, seeing as this was the only place between the states that he'd mapped out as a location. It might not be perfectly accurate, but Dean would try as best he could.
And again, there was the whole conserving-energy-for-the-following-day thing. That was a priority, even if it meant Dean missed out on a shit-ton of awesome power things.
But he could see the warmth in Castiel’s eyes – the warmth that totally shouldn’t have been there, because Dean was a complete and utter dick and was about to fuck him over – before the angel’s gaze shifted to Dean’s hand, gently touching at Dean’s fingers from where he’d clenched too tight. The cuts stung without the ease of pressure applied to them, not that Dean had even realized he’d hurt himself like that, and it only hurt more when Castiel used his thumbs to stretch the skin, apparently examining the tiny marks.
was why John didn’t want Dean talking to the angel: so he wouldn’t feel guilty or cruel for doing something that shouldn’t have been difficult for a demon at all.
Because they'd known each other a few weeks. That was it. Dean probably needed to remind himself of that a
"Get the fuck off me!" Castiel hissed, but Dean continued to hold on, looking down at the open wounds the cuffs had cut into his skin.
initially welcomed the close proximity so that the boy wouldn't be left to feel stressed or alone, and perhaps he did pity Dean, but it was in the way that anyone would a child who was being effectively abandoned and it shouldn't have been seen as a
He glanced over to where Cas was sitting on the beam in the main room, chewing his lower lip. "Uhhh ..." he started, unable to keep the frown from his face because this was
“I don’t want him freaking out if he wakes up surrounded by a bunch of strangers,” Dean muttered, focussing on the angel’s face again. “At least he’ll recognise me.”
There was a lot going through Castiel's mind that he was struggling to put into words, overcome with relief and incredibly embarrassed by the situation he'd found himself in. Dean was as animated as ever, practically bouncing around in a way that Castiel had surprisingly missed. It made him feel slightly overwhelmed, but he embraced the moment as best he could, genuinely happy that Dean hadn't, in fact, been killed on a hunt or anything of the sort.
Dean wasn't even sure if this was just another one of Cas's bizarre mood swings again or not, and yes, it probably was a bit harsh of him to continually assume that Cas was being problematic in that sense, and sure, he got that maybe he was pushing his luck by continually asking about stuff that was in actual fact none of his business; but with Cas continually going from somewhat friendly and approachable to the same cold bastard he'd been when Dean had locked him in the basement, he didn’t know what to think. Obviously, that part was understandable, but Dean had been hoping that maybe they could forget about that side of events for a while.
It fell quiet after that, the both of them just standing in the kitchen with the dim lighting above them, tiny rays of sun gleaming through the cracks in the wooden boards shielding the windows.
a friendship bracelet," Castiel grumbled, taking a step to the side so he could sort through the medical kit's contents. "You must be a really shit friend if you go around binding their power with spells."
look through Cas’s things as he’d packed everything away, but as this was something he hadn’t purposefully pulled out to look at, he didn’t feel all that bad about picking it up off the floor and giving it a once over.
?" Castiel queried, keeping his hands firmly in place, but his features softened, the frown nowhere near as prominent.
Dean paused for a moment, letting his eyes close and his brow furrow as he attempted to summon the words he should have voiced two evenings ago.
It took Castiel a while before he understood that Dean hadn't actually been hitting on him, not that he'd given much thought to the idea of taking the demon home during those few moments anyway. Dean was so young that Castiel doubted the kid had done anything remotely similar to what Castiel usually ended his drunken nights with, and it made him feel incredibly guilty for even thinking about that now when they were stood so close.
He closed the laptop swiftly, tucking it under his arm before heading back downstairs to the kitchen again to make a shopping list.
A living arrangement like that wouldn't ever be easy. Even with Sam, they'd had their problems, but it had always been fine because they'd never really pushed each other to the point where they couldn't even stand to be in the same room.
Well, Castiel already expected trouble wherever he went, but Dean didn't deserve that sort of shit just because they'd met up a couple of times.
"Back to the forest," Castiel confirmed, turning his gaze to the younger demon in the bed. "It was nice to meet you, Sam," he added quietly, another tendril of darkness touching at his leg. "Try to get some rest whilst the effects take hold, okay?"
He remembered the look that Bobby had on his face when the warding had been mentioned before though. Dean couldn't necessarily blame him for what had happened earlier on, but then again he'd blatantly told Rufus where to look should he feel that Dean was out of line.
He transported himself to the kitchenette, staring down at the collection of needles and tubes and those ugly wire clamps that his dad had told him to pierce Castiel’s jugular with. There were instructions and drawings; leaflets and scriptures from older era’s that told him exactly how to set it all up, and he genuinely didn’t understand how anyone could stomach to perform something like this. Half the pictures were horrific: crude sketches of screaming faces and spliced veins, collected together to form a disgusting little manual.
He carefully manoeuvred himself so that he could pick the boy up in his arms, wincing at the pull on his back before starting on over to the room he himself had fallen asleep in, finding the task relatively simple with the strength of his Grace aiding him. He lowered the boy onto the couch as gently as possible, modifying his position so the demon wasn’t cramped in the slightest before going back through to the main room so he could retrieve the blanket and ensure the boy's warmth.
The demon didn't need to head on down that route - especially at such a young age - but then, what right did Castiel have to address something of the sort? It wasn't
It wasn't that he doubted the boy, because the child was doing as Castiel had asked regarding the manhandling and subtle objectification, but Castiel was so used to everyone having some form of preconception in terms of his history and abilities that he never bothered to explain himself, knowing that no one would have listened to him anyway.
The angel didn’t seem too thrilled by being held back by shadow though, taking a full three steps back to untangle himself with a confused expression on his face.
Castiel flipped the boy off through the door, cringing at the sight of the festering toilet bowl and the murky colour of the water, but there was nothing he could do to alter the conditions whilst his Grace was off limits, so he went on to unbuckle his belt as normal. The tiles were disgustingly tacky beneath his shoes, so he kept one hand on the waistband of his jeans to ensure they didn't fall. He didn't want to risk anything from the floor clinging to his clothes to make the smell of the basement worse.
"Do you want to put some of that back in the basket?" He questioned, and the boy looked back at him brightly.
Castiel hummed in acknowledgement, resting all of his weight back against the tree trunk as he kept pulling at the grass beside his hip. He wasn’t overly fussed as to whether or not Dean wanted to converse, but if he had a preference, he’d very much like to talk. It wouldn’t be long until they would finally part ways, and although Castiel still looked forward to that moment in time, he also continued to worry about how the demon intended to go about life on his own.
"We did have a house," Castiel informed him, forcing a smile as he tried to lighten his own thoughts, consecutively avoiding anything that would later make him uncomfortable to think about. "It wasn't that big, but there were only three of us so it wasn't like we needed the extra room."
"I don't care. You try it again and I won't stick around to help," he added, reaching forward to take the scissors from the medical kit. "I'm not having you treat me like I'm some kind of toy."
possible cause, and even if Dean had no answers, at least Castiel would have tried to figure it out.
Because Bobby knew that Sam was fully recovered from ... from whatever it was that was fucking him up, and he also knew that it hadn't cost a single life to get those results. Given the fact that he had all this new information, surely Bobby would have been more onboard with the idea of preserving angels as opposed to covering up the fact that John had tried to harvest from one.
“In what way are we even similar?” Castiel called over his shoulder, and Dean cleared his throat, glancing up again so he wasn't left behind.
But the surrounding streams dried up or disappeared during the summer, and sometimes they didn’t return the following year. They were like the roads in which Castiel could follow when he was lost – or rather, when getting lost had once been a concern. He had memorized each and every inch of the forest, so losing his way was no longer a problem, but following the streams was always the simplest method to get where he needed to go. Especially in instances like this, where his Grace was weak and the weather was taking its toll on his exhaustion.
He heard the boy take in a deep breath, and he closed his eyes, stretching out one of his legs to get more comfortable.
it had been a pain tracking them all down even with Rufus helping them out. Dean had never worked with him before so he'd been kinda uncomfortable taking orders from someone he didn't really know, but Bobby trusted him so Dean didn't exactly want to act out and be difficult after everything that had happened recently.
"Yes, I'm sure," he replied, feeling the touch disappear from his side as the boy let go of the white material.
"Don't even count down, just get me out of here," Castiel interrupted sharply, stepping into Dean's personal space and grabbing Dean's wrist. "
He kept going over it in his head: the whole situation with Bobby. Like, he'd known Cas was super forgiving from very early on in their relationship, but given the fact that Dean had put the guy's life on the line
He could feel Dean's shadow pooling beneath his own feet, somewhat fazed by the sensation of it all as the boy held out a tiny sheet of metal for Castiel to take. He was a little confused by the token, tucking his beer bottle in the crook of his arm so he could examine the object with both hands.
it's like 2am right now and I've been writing since 3 this afternoon so I'm sorry if the last segment's crap and if there's spelling/ grammar mistakes because I'm exhausted and I should be revisising but all you guys have been so nice about this fic so far so I'm just gonna take this moment to say thank you for being so lovely.
was embarrassing to think about seeing as Dean had been staring at him for ... probably a ridiculously long amount of time if the light blush on Castiel's face was anything to go by, so Dean looked to the ceiling for a brief moment, trying not to let his fluster show as he tried to get his shit together.
Castiel cleared his throat, bowing his head slightly and breaking the eye contact. “… You’re welcome,” he whispered, reaching a hand out to presumably heal Dean of his injuries.
He focused his Grace on the lower half of his torso as they made their way over to where Sam was seated on the bed, targeting his liver for the time being because, well, he still had one kidney left and that was a minor issue in comparison.
The blade returned to hover beside Castiel’s right forearm when the angel crouched to lay the remains on the floor, smoothing out his shirt as he straightened up again, throwing Dean a quizzical look.
"Seriously, dude?!" Dean exclaimed. "I know Bobby well enough to know he wouldn't ever try and hold me in a trap - Rufus wouldn't try to hurt me either!"
"Yes, sir," Dean replied cheerfully, taking the wipe away from the injury so Cas had complete access.
“I didn’t mean to make you upset,” Castiel said gently, his head feeling heavy when the demon continued to look in the opposite direction, and he curved his arm around the boy’s shoulders tentatively, understanding that this time around, the boy was probably trying not to show his distress as much as he had earlier on.
“Would you be okay to conceal us in your shadow whilst we try to locate them? I'll only be able to conceal myself with my Grace, but I would prefer we stick together as opposed to splitting up.”
! After the way the demon had gone about abusing him earlier, Castiel didn’t believe what was being said. He knew that demons were twisted and nasty, but for the child to torment and hurt him when it wasn’t even necessary – when Castiel would have complied and listened, and done as he was asked knowing he was safe from the bleeding process – had a heat twisting in his chest; an anger he’d do nothing to conceal should the demon continue to treat him like a pathetic and harmless being.
Sure, the angel had been able to manoeuvre about without any issue just before, but he hadn’t looked like he was really able to focus on anything in the moments leading up to the explosion.
He waited until the boy had picked up everything from the ground before stepping closer, standing beside the child so it would be easier to transport him out of the store. But the boy didn't move to touch him or anything of the sort, looking a little further down the aisle to where a man was examining some kind of packet.
He stumbled a little as he pulled on the cotton shorts, heading back on through to the largest part of the cave to grab his phone from his makeshift cabinet, pulsing in the slightest amount of his Grace to ensure the battery was fully charged. He wasn't expecting Dean to call anytime soon, but he didn't want his phone to die should Dean need anything, so he was being sensible. It wasn't exactly a challenge for him to charge his phone anyway. He may be focussing his Grace on quite a lot, but the preservation of his food was going to be far more exhausting than replicating electricity. Well, not the freezing aspect, but the reopening of the cavern wall, along with ensuring the freezer-like temperament, was always something that wore him out fairly quickly.
want to upset him further. "But he made Sam cry, and I hate seeing Sam cry and it wasn't fucking fair on him to have to see my dad so angry!"
It was odd how much he really considered now that his concentration had improved. He felt like he had a lot more control over his life.
When Dean had asked the angel about his powers, if he'd been charmed already he doubted Castiel would talk to him about anything like that in case it screwed up the effects or something. It was possible, and Dean didn't intend on ruling it out completely; Castiel could have been affecting him from the get-go, but he just might not have used an ability like that for anything cruel.
After staunching the bleeding on Bobby’s form, the thought of his own blood loss hadn’t actually occurred to him either.
The fact that Castiel’s employer hadn’t advised how many vampires they would be up against was giving Dean a shit-ton of anxiety, but again, he didn’t really want to think about that right now. It was too early to be worrying so much, and Castiel was probably in exactly the same position.
He tried to push thoughts of his past from his mind again, reaching for the map book on the table as he reminded himself of the locations that would remain highlighted on the pages for a further few days. Crowley had advised him that the hunt was north of his current location, so given that there had only been five abnormalities detected (one of which he had now already dealt with) it was fairly obvious where they needed to go.
They'd started practising with small things after that. Short distance stuff like warping in and out of a room on command. The headaches had been kind of annoying, but Dean had been so excited to have another power of his own that he'd ignored the pain to see what his limits were.
“And you’re definitely sure you’re not a little bit psychic?” He asked with all seriousness, slightly taken aback when Castiel snorted with laughter.
It seemed to take longer: the journey to the all too familiar forest, and when he finally arrived, he continued on down the road to abandon the vehicle some distance away. He didn’t want anyone tracking him back to his home; he didn’t want to be hunted himself, and the prospect of someone bleeding him dry had his hair standing on end.
“My uncle showed me how to make those,” the boy commented quietly from the doorway, and Castiel nodded to show his listening, in spite of the abrupt lack of interest in the small carvings upon hearing it.
Whilst he had movies and comics upstairs he could occupy his time with, he really wasn't in the mood. He didn't even think he could concentrate properly on that sort of stuff right now, even if it was intended as a distraction. No, there was too much going on in his head for him to try and find the energy to enjoy anything really.
! He’d never been immobilised like this before. His ears were ringing and his shadow was unresponsive beneath him, unable to even pinpoint where the vampires were nearby. He was blind to
He rewrote the entire sentence, barely reading the words that filled each line, before finally hitting send and throwing his phone to the side.
Dean sat on the edge of his bed as he flicked through different links, chewing his bottom lip as he read over the instructions for each meal. He still wasn't much of a chef and didn't want to cook anything that could potentially destroy Bobby's kitchen - especially when Bobby wouldn't even be there to intervene.
“Next time you plan on moving us elsewhere, can you at least tell me first?” He murmured thoughtlessly, slapping the demon’s hand away when he tried to take the comic from him again. “Stop that! You can look at it later.”
He thought about how well he would be paid for a job like this – how the money would be worth it, and how he could buy more thread to fix his clothing, more food to fill the make-shift pantry. Although this assignment had been severe in terms of rank, he would be able to keep a little money hidden away for when jobs were scarce. Things would work out perfectly.
He put the bowl to the side, casting a quick glance to his phone on the couch before laying back on the cold stone floor. He couldn't remember the last time he felt so out of place.
didn’t explain why Bobby hadn’t told him himself. If it was really that fucking important, why hadn't Bobby told him when he found out about the phone calls? Dean had opened up to the older man far more than he ever had John, and if Bobby had warned him from the beginning that the angel Dean had been associating with was probably holding a hefty grudge against Dean’s family, then maybe Dean would have cut off ties to the fucking angel himself.
He was grabbed by the arm, transported instantly to the basement, but no sooner had they arrived did the boy disappear, the sigils back on the collar fully, a new chain connecting him to the wall. Castiel felt a little something like relief that he hadn't been harmed further, but then his anger was rising to the surface at the realisation of what was going on.
Castiel's expression changed subtly at that, the familiar violet colour washing over his gaze. "You brought me food?"
Dean grinned, glancing over to the jukebox where Jo was fucking around with the machine's wiring. "You impressed?"
to call the guy. He'd probably just make himself look like a fucking idiot if all he called for was to say 'hi'.
“I made a deal when I was younger,” Castiel said softly, feeling his face begin to warm out of embarrassment. “They gave me a location spell that provides me with a general idea of where abnormal creatures are located within a certain radius, so I actually know where the nest is likely to be already.”
His eyes flitted up to Castiel’s unmoving form, focussing on the lower half of his abdomen that was concealed by his shirt.
s/o to my mate harry for taking me to get my ears re-pierced as a graduation present. I feel like a new woman
believed that this was the case, but he was ... he was struggling to find more proof that he hadn't been fucked around.
And there was obviously still the issue of Castiel’s temperature that he’d have to work around. Dean could quite easily head out and get some gloves, but he didn’t want to leave the angel alone if it could be helped.
Sammy rarely cried in front of John, even when he was tiny. He'd wait until they were huddled together in the back seat of the car, shadows twined together, murmuring over the blaring music their dad would insist on playing as they drove around the country. They'd talk about everything and nothing, Dean doing all he could to make Sam smile again, and soon the kid would forget about the toys, the books, and the balloons abandoned in the motel room. It didn't take long for Sam to act like he didn't even remember he'd had another monumentally shit birthday.
He transported himself to the spot Sam was running to, crouching down to grab the kid around the waist and haul him over his uninjured shoulder with ease, starting back toward the swing set when Sam was safely in place.
He liked doing the shopping anyway. Well, he liked shopping without supervision. Recently Bobby announced that he didn't exactly approve of Dean's usual method of buying groceries, so now every time Dean got back from the store, Bobby asked for a receipt. Every. Single. Time.
Even now hunters acted like they knew everything about the whole Heaven and Hell scenario. The issue was that the stories Castiel had grown up with were so drastically different, and he didn't even know if they were completely factual. Castiel's father had never talked about their heritage seriously, and whilst Castiel was sure some of what he'd been told
John had never done anything like that. He'd walked out on multiple occasions without a word, throwing down a couple of bills to the small motel table before he was getting in his car with a duffel full of weapons and driving down the street. It had been so scary, to begin with, being left alone with Sam in a room that was unfamiliar and empty.
That wasn't to say that Castiel wasn't interested in what the demon had to say, because he'd expected the boy to have been just as irritating and arrogant as he was earlier on, and yet he wasn't. Not really. The child was still a little full of himself, but it seemed to be more as a joke than anything else, and it had Castiel wondering just how much of a front this was: the whole Mr Confidence act. The mask had slipped now on multiple occasions, and Castiel didn't know whether it was an issue with how he was generally treated or how he viewed himself, but if the boy didn't confront something of that nature, hunts were going to be far more difficult for him to handle on his own.
"Bobby got hurt and he's bleeding out, and we don't know what to do; there's so much blood, and his leg's broken, and we can't take him to a hospital because if we try and move him again it could fuck things up even more, and -"
But on the topic of Grace, Dean had been reading heavily about the extent of angelic abilities, and to be perfectly honest, some of the shit he ended up learning
Dean didn't even know if it was still down to pity, but that's all he wanted to believe right now. Castiel didn't seem like the sort of person who went around making friends with demons, and Dean highly doubted the guy was relying on him for friendship or anything of the sort.
Bobby didn't touch on the subject again, but he also refrained from talking about the phone call, and it was starting to make Dean nervous all over again.
Castiel's hands had shifted when Dean glanced back, and he grinned wider when he noticed Cas peering around his fingers. He slapped a hand over his own eyes teasingly. "Whoa, dude. Don't look at me with those freaky eyes of yours!"
"Because I was doing other stuff before I called, and I didn't know if I'd have enough time before you got here," Dean informed him, shoving at the angel's nearest foot. "Now get your feet off my bed, asshole. I have to sleep there later."
Because look at Dean now: he had made an effort to be nice, and now he had an angel that was fucking
He ducked abruptly, keeping hidden behind the side of a dumpster as a shadow played against the wall opposite; the jagged movements and heavy breaths of the creature were twisting in Castiel's mind and he felt horribly nauseous at the thought of being so close to something so daunting.
Dean could feel his lip tremble, the warmth stain his skin, and he went to pull Castiel's hands from his face, embarrassed by his own stupidity.
Castiel already had a follow-up question primed regarding the reasoning behind that, but he decided not to voice it, and instead he plastered a smile to his face when the boy turned around with two bowls of food in his hand, walking toward him.
He cast a glare over at the boy who was closing the door, half of his face now concealed in complete darkness as the fire became the only source of light in the room, and then Castiel saw the shadow pooling at his feet: the long, wisps of fog that barely stood out from their surroundings, writhing out across the floorboards.
So instead he decided to walk to Harvelle's Roadhouse because at least it was something to do while he contemplated everything going on. It was only about 6 miles out and he was in no rush to get back.
how to take care of shit like this! He could have just numbed the pain and tried to stitch it up himself, and Dean just didn’t understand why he hadn’t!
of the shit that Dean had involved himself with – no matter how life-and-death the situation was – he could kiss his chances of rejoining his dad goodbye for fucking
He was stronger than humans – even stronger than demons – but certainly whilst he was at this level of strength fighting would be a struggle. Even more so if he was asleep when the capture took place.
He was maybe three feet away when he began to panic, his mouth going dry and his thoughts racing a mile a minute because Cas looked ...
He used his left hand to prise part of the shadow from his legs, watching it sweep over his forearm as he twisted the limb, fascinated by the subtle touch. It was ultimately harmless, and whilst it did make Castiel feel like he’d had a tethering sigil painted on his body, it was likely just Dean’s subconscious relying on his presence for reassurance.
"You were meant to be here a half hour ago," Sam groaned, his voice somewhat hoarse, and Castiel smiled, watching Dean roll his eyes.
"No. Let me look at you," the demon murmured, cupping his jaw. Castiel jerked, pushing at the boy's chest hurriedly to try and break away, far too uncomfortable with the patronising familiarity the boy was using on him. "Hold still, Cas! I told you: I'm not gonna hurt you!"
And there was nothing stopping the humans in the vicinity from adding to the current warding applied to the household.
The orb of light floated before him, dim in intensity to conserve his power, but it illuminated enough for him to make out his surroundings, the floorboards a dark shade of grey and the objects blatant shadows. It made things much easier as he walked to the doorway, his lack of footwear meaning he went about it silently, even if his intent was to wake the demon from wherever he slept.
"I feel so sorry for the people you usually use that line on," Castiel murmured, bringing his beer close to his face as if to hide his expression, but Dean was actually beginning to relish the moment, getting the impression that Cas was kinda tipsy. It seemed so unusual having literally just watched Cas go from super stern to almost withdrawn, and sure, maybe Dean didn't know him all that well, but Castiel had always had this air of self-assurance during their past conversations, both in person and over the phone. It gave Dean a kind of rush to witness such a weird and abrupt change.
It was frustrating, and what made it worse was the fact that he could do absolutely nothing to change his lifestyle. Without education – without the ability to do something as simple as to
“I don’t know,” Castiel croaked, dragging the back of his free hand across his cheeks hastily to wipe away the tears that Dean hadn’t even
Castiel peered across at him. He wasn't showing any notable emotion, but he definitely looked a lot more at ease now compared to when he first headed back into the room.
Castiel held the demon’s line of sight for a few beats longer before he turned his attention to the ceiling again. He’d always been very vague when he’d discussed his day-to-day life with Dean, and he didn’t know if he was even comfortable enough to open up about it now. Their last few conversations on the matter had led to Dean teasing him, and whilst he knew the boy meant no harm, it only made Castiel feel even more embarrassed about how he’d spent the past decade of his life.
Dean could feel his face flush but he held Castiel's stare regardless, smiling a little bit wider. "Just being honest."
Dean shrugged as he started toward the basement hatch, tugging the chain to get Castiel following behind.
“Okay.” Castiel reached down beside the bed to retrieve a slim, silver blade from his duffel before it was suddenly being offered for Dean to take. “Show me.”
the energy that buzzed through the angel's veins. Obviously, the demon in the story had died because of it, but it didn't say whether or not that was down to actually handling it, or being traded it through a bond.
Castiel snorted but did as he was asked, even if the light wasn’t even at full intensity. It may have just been closer to the boy in comparison to himself, but it wasn’t like Castiel needed it to see anymore. He had the natural light of his Grace to ensure at least a little clarity whilst he stayed seated, even if it barely compared with the orb he'd used prior.
The thing was, he knew that helping Cas was the better option – even if it did mean he couldn’t see Sam anymore. This way, none of his family members were at risk; Sam would get better, and both Dean and his dad would be safe from being hunted down by the Union. The only real threat was Cas, and even then he wasn’t that much of a threat. Dean would just have to bargain a little bit more to ensure that no one got hurt, and he still had more control over the angel so it would be far easier to swing things in his favour whilst he kept the upper hand. Dean found it pretty hard to believe that Cas would refuse the deal when it was the only way he’d be guaranteed freedom, but Dean had already breached the whole trust entity by even thinking about keeping Cas captive, and Castiel hadn’t exactly reacted well to how things had played out.
Castiel had yet to hear of a hunter being out of work for longer than a month at Crowley's firm. Well, unless they chose to take a break themselves.
It took a few more moments before the demon turned toward him, arms winding around Castiel’s waist almost delicately as his face pressed to the centre of Castiel’s chest, and Castiel rubbed the top of the boy’s back when he felt the first touch of tears soaking into his shirt, the child trembling against him.
"Okay. Um ... one sec." Dean exhaled slowly, blinking a few times as the red faded from his vision. If they weren't stuck in such fucking dire circumstances right now, Dean would have been reeling with embarrassment.
Dean grinned timidly, moving closer. It wasn't his choice as to whether Cas would actually get set free or not, but Sam would still be getting healed, and that was the most important aspect. "'Kay. Come here."
Castiel was very clearly still fighting something in the hallway, but Dean didn’t have it in him to look round the door to check. He’d only just been able to stretch part of his shadow out again - barely even a foot away from the silhouette he cast on the wall - but it was progress all the same.
“A party?” Castiel snorted with laughter. “I do hope you’re joking. I haven’t celebrated my birthday in
Castiel glanced up at Dean curiously, noting the dark pink taint to the demon's cheeks and the blatant way in which Dean avoided his gaze, staring directly down at the carpet when Castiel tried to meet his eye.
"He'll get over it," the boy shrugged, pulling out one of the bottles from the El Sol case. "Anyway, can we talk about you now?"
"You are such an asshole," Dean muttered, striding over all the same, and Castiel wound his arm around Dean's shoulders when the demon was close enough, ignoring the sharp sting that accompanied the movement.
He reached to dab at the angel's lip again when he heard the distinct rumble, and he couldn't help but smirk, "Did someone skip out on breakfast?"
"No, no. Sorry dude, I didn't mean to be gone for as long as I was," Dean insisted, walking briskly over to the bed so he could sit at Castiel's side. The angel didn't really react, but his eyes followed Dean's movements with a certain curiosity, his irises a light shade of blue. "I just, uhhh ... eating something will make you heal faster right? If your diet affects your Grace, I mean."
Was this really what a charm was meant to feel like? Dean almost felt guilty for enjoying the way Cas made him feel when he knew, ideally, he should have been reminding himself of just how dangerous a charm really could be. Still, Dean had applied the warding necessary to his ring to keep anything bad from happening. He knew for a fact that Castiel couldn't do any real damage to his mind whilst he wore it.
"You said you had a business proposition," Castiel prompted quietly, unable to take his eyes off of the blade as he placed it back into the box, wrapping it in the fabric once more.
Dean's question was met with silence with neither party moving. If it wasn't for the fact that there were now two people in the house that were severely injured, Dean would have fled immediately.
"So what's a guy like you doing in a place like this?" He joked hurriedly, immediately hating the way the words sounded as they hung in the air. He watched Castiel tense up, the angel refusing to look up from the machine. Dean cringed internally.
Dean drew the shirt up higher to expose the gouges fully, staring down at the purple scar tissue that had warped caverns into Castiel’s abdomen. The lacerations clearly hadn’t sewn together properly, and a couple of sections actually looked so weakly repaired that Dean didn’t know if he was looking directly at Cas’s organs through the thin layers of tissue or if it had just healed with such stark differences in thickness.
Dean was actually kind of taken aback by her interest in the topic. When they'd first been introduced Jo had been quite hostile toward him solely because of the demonic aspect, but Dean had brushed that off at the time, understanding that demons had had an impact on her family on several occasions. It'd completely slipped Dean's mind to be honest, and he was beginning to feel guilty for bringing up the fact he'd made a deal with Cas.
Of course, the nightmares were often real. He lived the nightmares, and never encountered the idyllic paradises many were said to dream about. He couldn't remember the last time he’d had the stereotypical dream – if he ever had, in fact, dreamt such a thing in the first place – and he wasn’t sure whether the child in his dreams classed as a nightmare or not, but it continued to haunt him.
Castiel stared down at the dark mass that crept over his skin, not overly bothered by it, but still rather taken aback by its presence. It didn’t feel like it had in the past. There was a certain coolness to it that didn’t feel quite so
“No. I’m perfectly capable,” Castiel huffed, glancing at the boy briefly when he heard the demon approach him. "I'd actually prefer it if you left whilst I do this."
Okay, so maybe performing a task similar to teleportation wasn't quite the same as shuffling a few rocks around, but Castiel understood that he'd need a
! Maybe it would be more sensible to talk about the situation in its entirety if it meant he'd get one up on his dad. Dean didn't want to get the blame for this, and maybe if Bobby understood where Dean had been coming from properly, then he could back Dean up if John tried to say the whole thing had been a danger to Sam.
Pamela shrugged, straightening up. “There’s some kind of seal tethered to all that darkness - like it was tailored for someone.” She pushed a hand through her hair as she took a step back. “Definitely wasn’t cast with an angel in mind.”
"It's not as ridiculous as you think," the angel insisted, and suddenly the ice was melting completely, dripping down Dean's arm like he'd just run his hand beneath a tap, and he grimaced, shaking the beer off purposely in Castiel's direction, hoping at least some of the residue would hit the guy.
Perhaps healing the injury as quickly as he had been was causing it to appear slightly disfigured. He didn’t have any other scars on his body so he was trying to be optimistic about his present condition, and although he didn’t consider himself a vain person, he didn’t particularly like the idea of having such horrendous gouges marring his form until the end of his days.
Just like the instance prior, the demon slowed in the doorway, rubbing at the back of his neck. For a moment, Castiel thought that something else was going to be said, but the boy left as quickly as he had stalled, leaving Castiel alone once more.
The boy frowned, resting a cheek on the clumped up mess of a blanket as he met Castiel’s stare confidently. "What's wrong exactly? Why can't you sleep?"
"It's not my place to talk to you bout' all this," the older man snapped suddenly, his face tinged with pink. "Now, I know you think you're doin' the right thing by protecting this angel, but you need to
of blood! Obviously, his dad wanted it all, but in no way was that fair. They didn’t need it all, and yet they were gonna go the whole hog and drain Cas completely.
Crowley waved a hand through the air suddenly, summoning one of the other demons to his side. "Fetch me the angel's contract."
Dean rested his full weight against the wall, his eyes focussed on the shards of frozen blood that erupted from the creature’s flesh, severing the head completely as the gargled scream echoed through the room.
Castiel had been strong enough to bring part of the fucking roof down when John had specifically told him that angels wouldn't be able to do jack-shit in a ring of holy fire. Unless Cas was a special little bunny, then Dean didn't know how helpful his dad's info on the species would be, more so after the angel's screams at how he'd heal Dean without the aid of some fucked up blood potion.
And then Castiel couldn’t sense him anymore. He lay there in the quiet, focusing everything he had on the throbbing pain in his torso, worrying.
Castiel would be lying if he said he didn't miss Dean the moment they parted in the woods, glancing back once to catch the boy's gaze before Dean was replaced by the light dusting of ash. There were words circling in his mind, ridiculous propositions and questions that could potentially brighten the expression on Dean's face. Words that he'd swallowed with a smile and light wave as he'd backed away.
Dean sat awkwardly cross from the two older men as they continued to argue about something or other, picking at the leftover fries on his plate and reading the label on the back of his beer bottle over and over to pass the time. It wasn't that he wasn't interested in what they were talking about, but he understood that Bobby hadn't seen the guy in a while and Dean didn't really want to intrude, not when he didn't have anything all that interesting to say anyway.
fucking attracted to a dude was a different problem entirely, because yeah, he might've made out with two or three other guys in the past, but that was more ... that was more to do with wanting to find out what the big deal about it was. His dad had always said it was wrong, but Dean didn't really see anything that different about it, because, in all honesty, it'd been exactly the same as when he'd kissed girls.
Castiel continued to look at him, resting his cheek in a hand and pursing his lips as his eyes locked on Dean's, and it
Anyway, Dean would check it out when it got dark later. If his dad was there then he’d check Bobby’s again, and if Bobby wasn’t home, he’d find the cheapest motel he could.
to go ahead and assume that the whole dim-light thing was because Castiel was healing himself; but again, he didn't know much about angels in terms of what their Grace was capable of. Castiel could be way worse off than the impression his appearance gave.
Castiel was rather hesitant to wake him, and he sat on the edge of the bed for a few minutes with his hands in his lap, watching the shadow twist languidly over the exposed bedsheets as Dean remained face-down in the pillows. He had moved the boy a few hours earlier after Dean had fallen asleep for the second time, having had to pick him up and lay him in the centre of the bed, backing out of the motel room completely to eventually break free of the shadow’s hold without peeling it away from himself. Given what Dean had said earlier, Castiel would not be intentionally interacting with the tendrils again.
Dean looked down to the grey material, frowning. He hadn't been able to stitch it up without someone else's help, but it was nowhere near as bad as the wound on Cas's back.
That thought wasn't going to keep him from doing it anyway, just in case. He didn't know the next time he'd have a shortage of supplies, or if he'd ever be subjected to another trap where he'd have limited abilities available to him.
“Can you, like, turn that off or something? It’s really friggin’ bright,” the boy grimaced, slumping against the opposite side of the beam as he ran a hand down his face, his voice husky and subdued, almost like he was trying to be as quiet as possible.
It took Dean a little too long to realise what was so off about Sam’s stare, only really acknowledging the reason behind it when Castiel’s foot scuffed over his shadow. He drew it in quickly, feeling his face flush as he coiled the tendrils behind him instead of around the fucking
It excited him. It really fucking excited him. All he could think about was what he could potentially accomplish at full health.
Bobby cast an eye over Castiel’s sleeping form as he crossed his arms across his chest. “You wanna take a guess at who your folks took down that night?”
There wasn't much he knew; most of his favourite songs were those he'd heard his parents playing when he was younger, unable to really listen to music outside of his time in bars to build up his musical knowledge, but even then he was guessing titles and the like. Over the years he'd established which bands were his favourites because of machines like these, but still, he wished he had more available to him.
"Doesn't matter," Dean replied, drawing his knees up to his chest to hide his smile behind them. Castiel continued to stare at him, somewhat anxious.
And the fact that Dean wanted to continue with their conversations provided him with a different kind of happiness.
"Yeah, well I'll make sure to call if I do," Bobby said with a soft chuckle. "Bring me a zimmer frame and a goddamn beer."
Dean swore as he headbutted the invisible barrier, his exposed skin aching with the contact; but then Castiel was pushing him backwards into the room again to close the door, causing Dean to stumble.
Dean wasn’t usually one to poke around in other people’s stuff - not that he ever had the opportunity to in the first place - and he’d gone out of his way to
Not that Castiel intended on stirring shit. As much as he hated his employer, he wasn't a grass, and he didn't exactly want to have Crowley's men hunting him down in revenge.
Rufus was talking to Bobby softly, and all Dean could do was pace in his frustration, watching Rufus try and bandage up some of the more minor wounds; but the gentle way the older man applied Bobby's bandages had him stalling for a moment, watching how careful Rufus was being to make it as painless as possible.
Well, maybe that could actually be a good thing. Castiel would finally have an excuse to lead a normal life, even if he would be walking around like a beacon the whole time.
been able to use his powers and he definitely had abilities available to him outside of the deal that he could have used to hurt Dean on multiple occasions.
Castiel was doing his best not to get cocky but he couldn't really ignore such obvious changes, and it was because of this specifically that he'd decided to start training in his free time.
"What are we even ..." Castiel sighed heavily. "Can we go back to having a normal conversation please? This is exhausting."
Castiel didn't know whether he should have felt saddened or amused by that comment, but he brushed it from his thoughts, focusing yet again on Dean's actions as he went about waking his younger brother.
"Bobby I-I don't want to argue with you," Dean started quietly, his mouth tight in a frown. "But how can you stand there and warn me about the dangers of his kind when there's an entry for mine right beside it."
"How do you know that?" Castiel asked coldly. "Why would I fuck up the one chance I have at freedom by ending your life?"
"Sorry, Bobby, I just needed some air," Dean shouted back across at him, any previous hint of nervousness completely eradicated from the demon's tone. "I'll be back in in a sec."
He continued to look away even when the hand settled on his bicep; a gentle touch that had Castiel genuinely confused as to whether or not it truly was the demon, and he flinched out of instinct, making the boy pull away abruptly.
"Healing myself is just a case of concentrating my energy on the injury, whilst healing a person or an animal is much more strenuous. I would transfer the wound to my own body and then heal myself as per normal."
That wasn't what Castiel was hoping to hear, but he found himself responding without much thought regardless. "I'm at the Arison Motel, room 6."  He shut his mouth abruptly, looking to the floor. "It's actually ..." He cleared his throat, trying for a softer tone. "It's actually just outside the town I ran into you at the other day."
He didn't really understand the appeal of her. From what he could read in terms of her speech, she came across as a fairly nasty character, and it was actually rather insulting to have been compared to someone who didn't seem to care for anyone other than themselves.
Castiel hopped down off the ledge, his shirt rising up a little with the action. "That's okay. If anything I see it as a compliment," he replied, muffling a yawn behind the back of his hand. "It's not often that nice people call me pretty."
It was getting to the point that Castiel was worried Dean would begin to understand the changes more than Castiel ever had himself, and he wasn't all that comfortable thinking about being observed like that, even if it could potentially allow him to understand everything too. He'd actually never been this concerned about his eyes until Dean had first passed comment so, in a way, Castiel's current self-conscious state was down to the boy being incredibly curious and invasive.
. It made him look more human, and it wasn't often that other hunters actually acknowledged his demonic heritage unless his dad was with him. Humans couldn't see the extension of his shadow.
"I told you to stay in the basement," the boy muttered, pulling his hand away, and Castiel simply stared, unsure of what to do. "I mean, how the fuck did you even get out?"
The only upside to this whole situation was that the demon claimed he would cease hunting afterwards, which did ultimately bring Castiel a little comfort, but still. Dean would be under his care in the meantime. The thought of placing the boy in a severely hostile environment obviously didn’t sit right with him, but he was confident in his abilities to keep Dean, even if it’d likely wear him out twice as quickly.
Dean let out a heavy breath on the other end of the line, and Castiel frowned, shifting his phone to his other ear so he could trace a hand along the rock face.
Dean’s laughter sounded forced when it resounded in the room, and Castiel could tell from the demon’s shadow that he was losing his confidence, the tendrils splaying out across the floor and climbing higher to cover Castiel's knees.
The kindness in Castiel's eyes was replaced with something else, and it had Dean feeling a tiny bit unsettled, regretting what he said.
His health was rapidly on the rise, and with every day he could feel more of his power coming back to him. He found it ever so odd: being able to relax without having his energy deplete for no reason, his Grace effortlessly healing him as he went about as normal.
the time. It seemed to be more to do with their situation than anything else because Cas had been kind of okay when they’d talked about something relatively normal, but even the transition to the grocery store had made the guy relax a bit. Well, he was a bit more polite for a start, and he’d been more cooperative in terms of conversation, but the whole mood swing thing wasn’t the reason
Not that Dean really wanted to give much thought to that idea. All his reading had made him consider just how lucky he'd been to encounter an angel that'd been so low on health that he'd almost had the upper hand.
have had the opportunity to do so, but, again, Dean seriously doubted that Cas even tried. Dean would have felt it, wouldn't he? Like it's meant to be something that seriously impacts judgement, and Dean had been wanting an excuse to ditch the bleeding process from the start, so he knew that decision was all his own. John had given Dean all the necessary warding for protection anyway; and then there was the deal they made. No charm spell would have worked during that time either, so...
Castiel hummed in response, looking to the sky again. Unlike where he lived, the trees here concealed most of the sky from view - more so when Castiel looked off to the far distance. At home, he could simply walk out and see over the treetops for miles. It was a sight he knew he'd never attain should he ever afford an actual apartment or house for himself.
“If I’m being honest, I have no idea,”Castiel confessed, draping part of the comforter over his own legs, and Dean felt his heartbeat quicken again at the realisation that Castiel was likely planning to stay in the bed for a while longer, immediately reining his shadow in. “My parents always had halos. I’m assuming it’s a sign of good health, but I could be wrong.”
Castiel leant against the far wall; his hands linked together behind his back as Dean crouched beside the bed opposite, talking softly to the boy
But something didn't feel right, and it wasn't until too late that Castiel was able to really register what was going on.
"My apologies," Castiel smirked. Dean seemed to find it relatively easy to become flustered over such small issues, and it was somewhat endearing. "What would you like to talk about instead?"
Dean transported himself outside again, a short distance away from the angel to avoid startling him too much.
“Are you actually okay with … this?” Dean questioned, and Castiel could see the boy’s face redden slightly from the corner of his eye, making him smile. “You’d tell me if you were uncomfortable or something, right?”
Rumsfeld sauntered round toward him, placing a large paw on Dean's thigh as he butted at Dean's chin with his snout, and Dean ran a hand over the soft fur of his head tentatively, leaning back when the dog tried to lick him again. He pushed at the dog's heavy body, his smile softening when Rumsfeld backed off without going for him, and he waited for the rottweiler to sit down before relaxing properly, trying to ignore the gentle thump of the dog's tail against the porch wood and the wide eyed look Rumsfeld was giving him from where he'd positioned himself.
"I just want to know why you made a big fuss about your eyes before if you're okay with me looking at them now."
Dean pouted, pulling the comic book back out of the basket quickly as Castiel turned to head down the next aisle. "You're still gonna tell me about your powers though, right?"
There was obviously the possibility of travelling. Maybe not necessarily outside of America, but maybe being alone was kind of what he needed? It'd definitely help him be more independent, and it wasn't like he couldn't defend himself should something go wrong along the way.
"You alright?" The man asked softly, looking about him cautiously as he made his way over. "I told you, you shouldn't be drinkin'."
He threw his duffel to the ground before grabbing some bandages and soap from the shelf that hung beside the opening of his home, holding them in the crook of his arm whilst he took the ragged towel in his other.
Okay, so the thinking about feelings after what Bobby had said sorta made something briefly twist in his stomach, but like ... Cas wouldn't have charmed him, would he? Dean wasn't sure if he minded the thought or not, but obviously, he wouldn't if he was under a spell.
A thumb brushed along his cheek and he cringed internally, hating how very patronizing the boy was behaving. If the child truly sympathized, Castiel would be free. He wouldn’t be in some disgusting chamber where he breathed in the musty air from above.
He wasn't expecting Dean to catch him, forgetting all too soon about the child's ability to teleport, but in spite of the comfort Dean's chest and arms provided for his positioning, it didn't prevent the eruption of fire in the top of his torso.
"Not really," Dean huffed, crossing his legs on the mattress. "I'd rather apologise than have you pissed at me for making you uncomfortable."
Still, he felt guilty on behalf of Dean's actions at the stores they'd visited, and whilst he was grateful for everything Dean had provided for him, the theft aspect continued to make him feel uncomfortable. Castiel had never stolen anything from a store himself and he definitely didn't plan on ever going down that route, but since his encounter with the kid, he'd had time to think about some of the choices he'd been making as of late.
“It could be used in more than one way, yes,” Castiel admitted. “But I haven’t really experimented with it much before, and I’d rather not do so now in case it does hurt you.”
Castiel tilted his head to the side thoughtfully, mulling it over. Of course, he wasn't certain of just how much extra revenue that would guarantee him, but he hadn't known how much he'd get on average with a higher percentage anyway. The only factor he was really beginning to acknowledge was the rate at which he was actually being given work, because if he kept getting jobs as infrequently as he had been these past few months, then a raise wouldn't be much use anyway.
"My dad used to wear contacts a lot of the time though," the angel muttered, leaning back a little, encouraging Dean to draw back into his previous seated position. "Purple and gold's not exactly inconspicuous."
Well, he probably shouldn't be as happy as he was. He was pretty sure if Bobby found out that a charm wasn't behind all of this he'd think Dean insane, and if anything it'd come off worse in the long run. Especially if John found out.
Castiel yelped as he was tugged back toward the kitchen, and he dug his heels in, clutching at the chain so the collar didn't feel as tight around his throat. "What the hell are you doing?! I don't need a fucking
Sam didn't reply, but his shadow remained linked with Dean's own, tightening its hold as if to never let go.
"Right," he said calmly, wiping blood from his face and spitting to the side when he felt the wet touch to his lips. "Are there any more?"
It was only then that he realized that despite just how much brighter Castiel's Grace was compared to the last time they'd seen each other, he couldn't actually feel it. Like, at all. He assumed it was down to the warding but he felt so fucking relieved because he hadn't exactly tried to keep his guard up since approaching the guy. Hell, that thought had gone straight out the window as soon as the asshole had met his fucking line of sight.
So he kept his eyes open, looking down at Castiel’s arm as the light of his Grace illuminated the comforter. It had brightened considerably throughout the evening, and Dean was simply grateful he couldn’t see it at all when his eyes were closed because in the dark it was so fucking vibrant against everything. He was trying his best not to seem concerned by it, especially when the warding meant it couldn't actually hurt him, but Dean wasn’t sure how bright Castiel could actually become and he wasn’t sure if he’d have to take even more precaution with their interactions to prevent himself from being hurt in the future.
And of course, Castiel needed the money. The hunts provided him with wealth, and without them, he would starve. It was difficult enough not having what others would consider a real home, but to have no wealth at all would be even worse. He had tried to live off of the land, but he was either threatened for stealing crops, or he simply couldn’t find any edible resources around the area in which he lived.
"Sorry," he apologised, his voice muffled as he continued to rely on the boy for support, and Dean laughed, cupping his elbows to allow distance between them.
Castiel's hand immediately went to his brow, shielding his eyes even if the demon was no longer around to see, but he could hear the light laughter as the boy made his way back to the kitchen and that was enough to have Castiel unsettled. He hated his eyes at the best of times, and for the demon to continually address the change was incredibly infuriating. He let out a heavy breath as he sat down on the edge of the couch, vowing to disparage the boy's own eye colour the next time the kid compared him to that Godawful comic book character.
Whilst it seemed angels could almost achieve immortality to a degree through the frequent absorption of human souls, there was a lot of lore surrounding the attacks on demons and, in some cases, even their own kind in order to take on the abilities of others. A process like that apparently caused them to develop some sort of immunity to a lot of the darker powers demons possessed, and sure, it was based on rumours, but it was still fucking horrific to think about.
It wasn’t all he’d taken whilst he was back. Dean had made sure to grab as many bestiaries as he was able to carry, along with his laptop and phone, and he had trashed the motel room by littering notepaper absolutely everywhere. He’d barely slept, dozing off against the side of the bed for maybe three hours tops as he’d tried to keep an eye on the angel whilst he researched.
heard of an angel and demon being friends before, and he was kinda proud of the fact that he'd been able to befriend Castiel considering how shitty their introduction to one another was.
! Stop for a second! That really fucking hurts!" He blurted, grabbing hold of the angel's wrist to stop him from pushing it any further.
Dean tentatively pushed open the bar door, relishing the cool air that swept over his face as he stepped inside. He stood to the right as the door closed behind him, leaning against the wall and wiping at his top lip with the back of his hand. He'd slowed down his pace considerably about halfway down the dirt road but his face had still managed to become slightly sticky with sweat.
"Can I ask a favour?" He murmured, getting up from the bed, and Dean looked at him with wide eyes, his cheeks still slightly pink.
He preferred to keep to himself anyway, and here, in his cave, he couldn’t be hurt or laughed at by anyone. It was safe.
"Right," Castiel said softly, his voice muffled as he rested his face in his hands again. Five hours was longer than he usually got, but his sleeping pattern had been pretty fucked up as of late anyway. The whole werewolf hunt thing had practically kept him awake for two days straight, and then staying awake all night last night hadn't exactly helped either. Well, it had helped him fall asleep quicker, but that only brought with it the nightmare.
Castiel co-operated with surprising ease, but Dean doubted the guy was going to argue when it would risk waking the rest of the nest. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if him uttering that single word would get their presence noticed, but it didn’t matter. They were gonna get noticed eventually regardless, and if Castiel’s heartbeat was still that elevated, he’d get picked on first. Sending the angel ahead would only risk him getting injured further, and Dean wanted to hold that off for as long as humanly possible.
“There’s no notable sensation that comes with the touch if that’s what you’re referring to,” Castiel advised, his thumb catching on the edge of the dark tendril. “But it -”
That logic in itself had him feeling worse because he knew that his age definitely had something to do with the way he was currently being treated. Fuck, even Cas continued to refer to him as a child, and that sure as hell affected the way he was being treated.
It didn't take Castiel very long at all to melt through the chain attached to his collar, and soon he was on his feet, striding toward the bottom of the stairwell even if his eyes were aching. He didn't see the point in falling asleep when he could quite simply be back home in a few hours, depending on when the boy arranged for the invalid to be brought to the cabin, or something along those lines. He imagined that's what the demon was doing now.
But it had left some pretty nasty gouges on Dean’s right shin. If he didn’t know any better, he would have said he’d been mauled by a wolf.
to prevent him from leaving the property, so it wouldn't be surprising to find out there was some other warding nearby.
Dean glanced at Bobby immediately, reading the stoic expression that he knew was concealing a hell of a lot more. Part of him was admittedly a little bit scared of the overall outcome, even though he knew Bobby would never throw him out regardless of what he'd done, but it was the quiet tone in which he spoke, and the unreadable emotion on his face that made it all the more unsettling.
He yawned, pushing both hands through his hair before teleporting back to Bobby's porch, sitting down on the step to watch the sun set over the piles of scrap metal. His legs were actually kinda sore from walking around for so long, so it felt good to actually take a rest, even if he was still without a place to stay. At least here he had some kind of company to keep him from harassing the angel anytime soon.
It was around midday when Dean finally thought it a good idea to check up on the angel again, having tidied up anything remotely dangerous from the upper floor so Cas couldn’t throw anything too damaging at him later on. He didn’t know whether Cas would actually want to hang around with him until that time, or whether he’d prefer to stay on his own, but Dean was preparing for either scenario so things were as safe as possible.
He tapped the patch of paper that was tainted slightly red, wetting his lips. “Anyway, I’m sure it’s this area. My employer has already advised that the location is north of where we are now, and I’ll be able to detect them when we’re close to the nest, so we don’t need to do anything more than walk around for a short period of time.”
deserve to die – or, at least, not by this method. Dean didn’t know what Cas was like out there as a hunter, or whether he was just as much of an asshole as he was in captivity, and even thinking about that gave him reason to be doubtful of whether Cas would actually come through for him or not; but he
Cas had moved slightly, laying on his back with a hand over his chest, which still didn’t look very comfortable. Dean knew he could have at least given Cas a pillow or something, what with the awkward positioning of his neck, and concrete floor was hardly a mattress.
He might not have much sexual experience, but he was pretty damn sure that he preferred girls. Not that it really made any difference because he'd never done much more than simply kissing with anyone, but that wasn't the fucking point. Liking Cas was more than just liking a guy, and it wasn't just because he was also an angel. Cas was older. Like ... shit, Dean didn't even know; but the fact that Cas thought of him as a 'child' was practically all Dean needed to understand that this was really, really stupid, and that his brain was incredibly fucked up.
Honestly, Castiel didn't know how he'd let himself get into such a terrible state over the years. He'd been so fucking stupid thinking that limiting his caloric intake would help him maintain adequate health in the long run. He hadn't realised just how impaired he was.
He wanted to apologise for hurting the guy, and giving him false hope and the promise of freedom when he never really had any control over the matter because now Cas was going to die. He was going to die by one of the cruellest and ultimately unnecessary methods of torment, and he had wanted to cooperate. Hell, he’d just asked if Dean had wanted healing; looking at his wounds like he had a fucking responsibility to actually do something about it, even if they’d basically fought about everything leading up to that point. They weren’t friends – they were the absolute fucking opposite – and
“I don’t know!” Sam replied, and Dean turned Castiel’s face toward him, frantically trying to remember everything he’d seen the doctors do on TV.
“Seasoned or not, it’s still a lot better than the meals I cook for myself,” Castiel informed him, pressing his fork into several chopped vegetables. “I usually only ever eat soup, so it’s nice to have something different.”
From what Castiel could see, there weren't many similarities between their facial features - and Dean's hair was a lighter shade of brown, close to that of a dirty blond. Of course, Castiel was more interested in the colour of Sam's eyes than his facial structure, no matter how far-fetched his thoughts on the matter were. He still didn't know whether Dean's eyes were down to genetics or not, but it wasn't as if asking would have done him any favours. He didn't really want to insult the child in terms of why they were so peculiar, more so when he took into account just how thoughtless he'd been the day before; addressing the colour more out of spite than curiosity.
"But you're the one in control! If I did anything wrong, couldn't you just stop me?" The angel blurted, and Dean tipped his head to the side, smirking.
Fuck. This was it. Dean had fucked it completely. There wasn't a doubt in his mind that Castiel would resent him for the whole, overly complicated, situation.
I'm moving to my new flat next week so for the time being I'll go ahead and say that updates will be bi-weekly, but if I'm late, feel free to spam me on tumblr or twitter because I'm determined to get this fic finished
Of course, Dean was glad Cas wasn't in as much pain anymore. He just couldn't help but acknowledge his own disadvantage in this situation.
"Just to make things clear," he muttered, staring down at the angel's hands to watch the wounds on his wrist close up. It was weird really, seeing the process speed up as much it was, but they weren't healed fully, only enough to stop the blood from dripping onto his jeans. In a way, it was kinda proof about the whole healing thing, but Dean didn't exactly know what was gonna happen in terms of healing someone else. "You do anything to try and hurt me or escape, and I won't hesitate to set you up for the bleeding. Understand?"
“Yes, well, this is important,” Cas stated with an edge of aggression, cupping Dean’s elbow and standing with him. “But if you’re going to kick up a fuss then I’ll heal you completely straight after.”
He couldn't help but feel marginally disappointed because the change in itself was awesome. It was like when ink was dropped into water in terms of how gradual it was, but that had to be creepy as fuck to see from the perspective of a human. Dean hadn't really acknowledged
Dean hadn't read through each entry fully yet so he couldn't really make a decent judgement based on all the information he'd read through on charming so far, but it did remind him of the fact that Bobby had been the one to address the topic of charming specifically in their conversations. Dean hadn't really considered it until their last argument, but if Bobby
"Don't be such a baby," Castiel sighed, letting go of the needle so it stayed resting against the wound, and Dean cursed, worrying his lower lip between his teeth as he tried to focus on anything but the pain.
Sam shrugged a little, still looking somewhat dazed. "He, uhhh ... I don't know. He wouldn't let this man near you, but I think you guys were on a hunt or something because he had blood on him and stuff."
And there was visiting. So long as he knew where Sam and his dad were, he could stop by without John noticing.
"Why thank you, Castiel," he said cheerfully, causing the angel's eyes to flicker to him in what Dean could only assume was surprise, and he pushed away from the counter to start toward the back room, kicking the basement hatch closed on his way past. "Now come and pick out a shirt."
Castiel hadn't thought he'd fall asleep. He'd been surprised to wake up with the demon's face pillowed against his chest, the tv still on across the room and Dean's shadow twined around his legs; but he didn't really give a shit because this was the first time in a long while he'd been able to fall asleep twice in a single day and he couldn't find it in him to complain simply because he had a kid sprawled across him.
or whatever he could class it as. He'd known he was taking a risk from the moment he decided he would definitely follow this path, but it had never seemed as intimidating as this.
Castiel continued to pay it no mind. Dean hadn’t accidentally tripped him over yet, so for now it could stay.
He stared at the back of the boy's head until the demon turned around again, a slight smile on his face. Castiel smiled back briefly in confusion, his fingers losing their grip on the bandage for the few seconds he was distracted. "Is something wrong?" He asked, turning his focus back to what he was doing to make sure nothing moved out of place.
He grabbed his phone whilst he was there, slipping it into the pocket of his sweatpants for later given that he knew he'd probably spend the rest of his evening in the larger part of the cave. He had several things that he wanted to do for the rest of the evening and he doubted he'd need to go back to his bedroom until he planned on sleeping. It wasn't necessarily a case of being lazy, more so one of spending his time efficiently where he could, even if he already knew the only real thing he could do after dinner was fix the clothing he'd left by the couch.
The kid might have even gone out on a hunt, despite insisting the other week that he'd actively be avoiding such a thing for the time being. Not that it was Castiel's business, nor did he have a real say in the matter. Dean could do as he pleased.
The angel flicked through a few, but he still didn't seem too impressed, his brow furrowed as he set the papers to the side. "Are you even taking this seriously?"
“No one’s killing anybody!” Bobby yelled in exasperation, taking off his cap as he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Christ. I need a drink.”
Dean went silent for a moment so Castiel started on down the slope toward the spring, moving slowly between the trees to reach the bank. He was beginning to find Dean's lack of reply somewhat unnerving, and he didn't really know what he could brighten his thoughts with whilst Dean went about considering what it was he was going to say.
"I don't want your pity - I want my life!" Castiel spat, kicking at him again, "You have no fucking right to choose whether I live or die!"
Bobby cleared his throat again, the sound followed by a light rustle of papers before the man's question carried out through the room.
He did feel a little guilty for giving such an ambiguous answer, and for not even attempting to continue the conversation past that sentence, but they were in bed now. They should have really been trying to sleep.
There'd been a brief moment where Castiel could have sworn his phone had vibrated in his pocket, and although he wasn't usually one to be startled by such a trivial thing, he'd stalled, leaving himself vulnerable for no more than a second. He'd been slammed headfirst into a drainpipe, his vision still somewhat clouded with blood running from the wound on his forehead. He'd postponed healing, for the time being, knowing that it would take a lot more energy than he currently had to wear off the effects of a wraith infliction. He could have this whole ordeal over within as little as three seconds if he could just force himself to step forward.
Dean couldn’t say for certain what time it was right now, but given his reluctance to currently move from where he was, he had no real way of checking.
He still had that odd feeling in his chest, and the way Dean was behaving towards him only made it grow more noticeable.
Obviously, that was more of a last resort. Despite his new power he still wasn't all that fond of the idea, especially when he didn't know what kind of impact it'd have on his journey home. He didn't really like the idea of potentially driving in a car for 18 hours as a penalty of his own arrogance, so he planned to stick to the basics and hope for the best.
But not, like, human life. Plants and shit. They sat in fields and spent afternoons growing trees and flowers all over the place. Dean could think of much better ways to spend time on earth, but each to their own.
“I can't tell if it's healed or not,” Bobby stated, reaching down to touch at the wound warily, glancing to Castiel's face for a reaction.
He could worry about that nearer the time though. Right now, he was more concerned about what he’d be doing afterwards.
"Get off me!" Castiel wailed, kicking out his other leg. Dean caught it momentarily, letting go once the angel stopped struggling and Dean was able to move closer, tugging on Castiel's wrists lightly.
And it's why Dean had a bitter taste in his mouth now simply thinking about how far apart they were.
Dean's thoughts came to an abrupt halt when what looked like black tar was projected from Castiel's mouth into the toilet bowl, the angel crying out in agony; his knuckles turning white from holding the seat before he was chucking up again. Dean could feel his chest clench, crouching down beside the angel to rub his hand up and down Cas's back, trying to make him feel at least a little more at ease. He timidly reached for Castiel's nearest hand, knowing that it wasn't a pleasant experience for anyone - especially when it looked as fucking bad as
It was Castiel that Dean worried about more than anything. Cas was obviously quite an experienced hunter for his age and Dean doubted that he himself would be so much of a hindrance that Castiel would get injured in the first place, but he still found himself arrogantly worrying that Castiel legitimately
"I'll count down from three," Dean whispered, his thumb drawing circles as his hand continued to rest around Castiel's waist. "So close your eyes or something if it makes things easier."
"I didn't like that either," Sam said quietly, and Dean turned his head to look at him, concerned. "It was ... it was kind of scary."
Dean looked down to his own hands, scratching at the back of his left wrist. "I can get you something to eat if you want."
"Well, green is a little more natural than purple, I can tell you that," he murmured, scratching the side of his nose. "Is that why you were staring at me earlier then? 'Cos my eyes are so utterly incredible?"
Castiel pursed his lips and Dean reached for the metal basket, dragging it over the island. It wasn't as full as it was yesterday, but Cas had eaten some of the fruit and Dean had taken out his own stuff so it also shouldn't be anywhere near as difficult to carry.
But it still didn’t make any sense to him. There was no way Castiel would still be alive if he started hunting when he was eight - and he definitely wouldn’t be as fucking articulate. Although Dean knew that Castiel was strong and that angels were typically pretty powerful creatures, why would Castiel even know what hunting was at that age? Dean got that a lot of people were driven into hunting by the want to seek revenge, but this just seemed … it just wasn’t plausible!
There was an abrupt bang to Dean’s left, and he shuffled away from the wall cautiously as another thud echoed around the room. He adjusted his makeshift blade in his grip, his mouth too dry to even swallow the lump in his throat.
Dean closed the front door behind him gently, genuinely feeling guilty for staying out as long as he had. He'd ended up staying with the Harvelles for lunch, and then they'd finally managed to sort out that jukebox so Dean had sort of forgotten to keep track of the time.
He let out another sigh, closing his eyes as he thought about what kind of illness he’d be taking on tomorrow. Clearly it was something severe, otherwise the invalid would have received medical treatment by now, but Castiel had very little knowledge on illness, able to heal himself when something stronger attacked his immune system, so he didn’t really know what to expect.
Sorry this message was meant to be short and sweet but I got carried away and it'll look weird if I cut out certain bits, so I'm just gonna leave it.
"Do you want me to leave you alone now so you can continue meditating or whatever it was you were doing before?"
“But … you’d be using a blade, right? I’ll just keep a couple of feet away,” Dean suggested, causing Castiel to face him again, concerned.
Castiel rolled his lips together, nodding slowly. He both did and didn't want to know what Sam meant by that, deeming the demon's health far more important at that moment in time, so he moved across to where both boys sat on the bed, his face warming at the sight of Dean's broader smile.
Castiel grimaced, bringing his knees up to his chest as he splayed his wings out to keep his balance on the rock ledge, his stomach churning. Maybe that wasn't the best thing to distract him from his nightmare. Dreaming was one thing, but he hated when reality wormed its way into his thoughts. That pretty much ruined it.
"Uhhh ..." Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, huffing out a laugh. He looked nervous all over again, his shadow drawing back from Castiel's feet and writhing against the sidewalk in an unpredictably jarring way.
a chance that it had dulled his abilities, but it wouldn't have had too much of an impact on his strength now, and he didn't particularly mind because he'd been more than capable regardless of whether the warding had still been working against him or not.
Castiel remained stoic, although the comment did admittedly bring him a great sense of satisfaction. He didn't want to appear smug or anything of the sort despite just how much he wanted to flaunt his new found energy.
Dean stared up at him slack-jawed, his eyes shiny with what Castiel could only assume were tears, and Castiel frowned, going to sit beside him on the mattress.
"Look, your skin's going to tear if you don't let me finish. It's bound to hurt, okay? I honestly don't know what you expected."
Castiel rolled onto his side, glancing over his shoulder at the ugly dark stain spreading over his back. It was all he could focus on, but he didn't understand. The demon
He didn't know what to say! Bringing Castiel up in conversation now wasn't gonna do him any favours and with the way Bobby had acted around him when all this shit had first come about, he still wasn't sure if he was ready to be completely open about the friendship he'd cemented with the angel. In any other circumstance - if John hadn't ever called and created all this conflict - Dean would probably be bragging. Sure, it was arrogant, but he'd
Castiel pressed his tongue to the inside of his cheek as he thought it over, wondering what exactly he could start with. Considering it now, there were lots of things - minor things - that he used more often than not to aid his life daily without even thinking about it, but he didn't know whether the boy would enjoy hearing about his ability to change temperature or manipulate the woodland. He knew that the demon wanted to hear about powers similar to those in the comics: bizarre and destructive, not dreary control over nature.
"So you gonna make good on this promise of yours?" Castiel queried, and Dean smiled sheepishly, feeling a little giddy when he took in just how close they were. It felt so odd to have Cas actually pulling him over, not that he was gonna complain or anything because he could tell that everything about Castiel's actions was genuine, and he liked it anyway.
Castiel burst through the rotted wood of the wall on the third thud, but he wasn’t alone. Some fucked-up reptilian-looking monstrosity was atop him, Castiel’s silver blade lodged in its throat as the screaming creature was wrestled across the floor. The angel was quick to move even after he’d hit the carpet, kicking the beast to the opposite side of the room with such force that the entire wardrobe shattered with the impact.
Dean had never enjoyed stitching up wounds, and it was gonna be even more of a fucking challenge to fix up the angel without knocking him fucking unconscious. This Castiel wasn't how Dean had imagined him to be at all.
Castiel hadn't heard the boy mention his mother before - he'd just assumed that the woman was dead, given the high probability of death associated with hunting, but now he wasn't as certain. If she
"N-no!" Sam giggled, his legs flailing as Dean altered his hold, bringing Sam around so he was left dangling against Dean's hip, both his skinny arms pinned to his sides, and Dean lowered him slowly, Sam's wriggling making it incredibly difficult to keep steady.
"You caught me by surprise," Castiel claimed as Dean walked round to stand opposite him again, a little closer this time. "This is pretty much the last place I expected to run into you."
Castiel looked to the man on the couch to divert his attention, rolling his lips between his teeth as he considered where he should even begin with something this severe.
It wasn’t exactly an accurate description, but it made him cringe just thinking about Cas doing it again.
It wasn’t like that of the war ground – the nightmares he lived. There were no screams of pain or stacked bodies of those he'd attempted to save.
Castiel nodded his thanks in return, the pain in his chest encouraging his smile to falter, and he clutched at Dean's forearm when his vision began to blur, grateful that the boy was still there to support him.
He took in a long breath, closing his eyes as he willed the lenses to retract, his face warm with anger.
Cas hooked the basket on a low branch as he got to his feet, narrowing his eyes as he looked to the stream.
Sometimes the heat could be overbearing, and surprisingly, this wasn’t even the summer weather at its worst. Although Castiel could alter the temperature of naturalistic material around him, when it came to cooling himself down, it took a lot more effort, and his power didn’t ever work on his clothing, for some bizarre reason.
Mary used to try her best when it came to cooking in a motel kitchen, but Dean understood from the beginning that they weren't really the richest family in the world. It was easier to buy microwave meals to share between them, even if Dean craved his mom's cooking every single day they were out on the road.
Because everyone had heard that the eldest Winchester son had a rare eye defect. If Castiel had researched their family, intent on revenge, just noticing the abnormal colour of Dean’s irises would have likely gotten them all killed long before Dean had even given away his name.
"Okay. Okay, hold on,” came Dean’s voice again, and the arms were moving, Castiel’s entire body supported by shadow before he felt everything fall from beneath him and he was held to the kid’s chest.
Castiel pulled his wrists apart harshly when his eyelids began to stick closed, willing himself to keep awake as long as possible. It stung more than he could have hoped for, and he pushed away from the wall to start pacing the room again, keeping his wrists separated so that the cold metal dug into the wounds as he did so. He circled back once the chain was pulled taut, the sharp tug on his neck that made his lethargic movements all the more stilted, chafing similar to that of his wrists starting just over his throat.
child, and although he didn't agree with the poor parenting the boy's father clearly provided, he shouldn't have been getting involved at all. The demon could do whatever he wanted.
"Yeah ... uh ... hi," he finally managed, grinning when the angel suddenly looked incredibly shy, Cas ducking his head and doing a
Dean felt himself relax a little, but he didn't move again until Castiel had gone into the bathroom, the door closing behind him.
But he could sense the angel moving about the room, and by the time he’d opened his eyes again, Castiel was sat at the table with his chin resting in his hands, staring out of the window and looking ethereal as fuck.
And then there was the fact that the demon hadn’t even bothered to retrieve the blanket from the basement to keep himself warm.
Cas stretched his arms above his head, not seeming to mind if they rested over Dean's lap for a short while, still holding his line of sight.
“You shouldn’t be so dismissive just ‘cause it’s different to Sam’s ability. I’m sure all psychics experience predictions differently.”
"Nah. It started raining a while back though," he murmured, nuzzling into the pillow. "It's not too bad but it might mess with the connection a little."
"It's alright," Castiel assured him, bending to pick up the beer bottle again, having forgotten why he even set it down in the first place. "But you should go. I don't want you getting in trouble."
"But I don’t want you stealing, Dean. Even this today … whilst I am grateful that you went out of your way to get me groceries, I don’t agree with you simply taking things without paying.”
However, it was the way in which the boy sought comfort that really unsettled Castiel - and not just because he had no real experience in the matter. The boy had had a kind of ... hands-on approach since the very beginning, but the gestures had never been particularly kind. Helpful, maybe, and then others were just because the demon
Castiel’s fingers curled into his palm carefully though, and Dean swallowed thickly, looking off to the side when Cas went to throw up again, kinda taken aback by how loose Castiel’s grip was in his own when his other hand was still clenching the toilet seat so hard that Dean wouldn’t be surprised if he cracked the damn thing.
It ... it made him feel a bit sick. He hadn't actually thought to ask how long ago it was that Castiel actually completed his last hunt, and to find out that it was a little over 3 hours ago had his mouth going dry.
That's when Dean turned to look Bobby over fully, taking a step closer to where the older man lay down, his hands falling limply to his sides.
He wasn't all that surprised by the pause in conversation that followed, but he could still feel his face burn hot. Castiel had mentioned it briefly earlier, yet it had sorta stuck in Dean's thoughts because Cas had
It was the same with the whittling. That was a skill Dean would always treasure more than the abilities he was born with. Bobby had been teaching him to carve wood with a knife ever since he could remember, and although Dean didn't really class himself as an artistic person, he still had all the tiny sculptures he'd designed over the years. Obviously, they were nowhere near as good as the ones Bobby had made, but at the time, Dean had just felt so proud and grown up, being trusted to work with a sharp knife at such a young age.
Castiel trekked through the woodlands, deciding to check on his traps before he actually went about doing the more serious aspects of his training. He hadn't been back for a few days, and although he wasn't too keen on the idea of interrupting his schedule with something so time-consuming, it potentially meant having extra food for him to store away with everything else.
It was another reason why he didn’t quite understand Dean’s fascination for those comic books - especially when from what Castiel had seen, a lot of it almost glorified their own reality as hunters.
Surely Cas would be a little more on guard because it was only half seven in the morning, so for the angel to pass out so soon after actually waking up had Dean worrying more than he probably should. He still didn’t know exactly
that had been the instigator for the colour in his dreams if this wasn’t reality, because for a match like that, there had to be a root.
Dean went to correct her but she waved a hand through the air, looking to the side. "Half-demon. Whatever. Just seems so surreal to me that you've started down that path of soul-collecting already." She turned to him again. "Do you not feel bad?"
It was unsettling because, yeah, Cas had healed him, but neither he nor Cas knew how it'd eventually pan out.
thing he needed right now was Castiel accidentally injuring someone in his unconscious state. He knew it was beyond the angel’s control, but he just…
Castiel huffed, and Dean let himself smile, knowing that the longer he persisted, the more likely Cas would want to drop the call. Well, that wasn't exactly a great thing. He didn't want to piss Cas off so badly that the next time he called the angel would still hate him for it. And he also (really) didn't want to stop talking, even if it was totally selfish of him to make Cas stay up past midnight when it was clear the angel was zoning out every so often.
, but if they were going to go hunting tomorrow, Castiel wanted to ensure that they were both well-rested to prevent any fatalities.
Castiel stomped through the remnants of the living room, tearing open the shattered front door to escape outside. The sunlight made his eyes ache after spending so long in the darkness of the basement, and he squinted down the road, taking in the silence and the disturbing tranquility the absence of the human population – absence of any population, for that matter – provided. It reminded him of the days he’d spent seated in his home, at peace with himself and the less intimidating wildlife around him. No jobs, no threats. Those days were bliss.
The only benefit to this was that Crowley probably assumed that Castiel had come out of the hunt even weaker than he was before, and whilst Castiel didn't know what Dean or the boy's father had reported back to the demon, Castiel hoped very little had been mentioned about his state of health. It was his only advantage at this stage.
His words were met with an uncomfortable silence, the air conditioner rattling away on the other side of the room, and Dean's throat tightened with the hope that Sam would understand why Dean had made the choices he had. If Cas had hurt members of Dean's family in the past then he'd completely get why John wanted him dead, but if that was the case, his dad would have mentioned as such at the beginning of the hunt for an incentive. There was absolutely no reason as to why Cas had needed to die, and Dean still didn't understand as to why John was so set on ending the angel's life.
That was actually one of the reasons why Dean found it so believable, despite the stereotypical fairytale traits of the entire thing. He knew damn well just how rare it was these days to hear of someone being
"Dean, you took on an angel who'd been starvin' for the past decade! Your father may have made some stupid decisions recently but he'd never send you alone to deal with something he didn't think you could handle." Bobby scoffed. "Castiel was
"You're not leaving this room until you learn to draw those sigils, Dean," the angel stressed, remaining stoic.
Dean was trying so damn hard to keep a lid on his anger. He'd always hated feeling like this; the way everything just became too overwhelming and harsh, and how he couldn't help but give into resentment. It came far too easily and no amount of human DNA could stop the spiteful side of him from taking the reigns.
“No, no; I understand,” Castiel replied, sitting back briefly so he could push the hair from his forehead, slumping down into his former position when it was marginally less irritating.
Not that he should have really been referring to it as such. Castiel knew that Crowley would have been paid a fair amount of money for an angel's Grace, so if anything, this was compensation.
He felt that he may have ranted a little too much, and since Bobby had stayed pretty quiet throughout the call, Dean hadn’t even been able to gauge the older man’s reaction. All Dean knew was that there were one too many pauses in the conversation that Dean had felt compelled to fill with yet more praise toward Castiel, trying his fucking hardest to convince Bobby that Cas staying
Maybe it hadn’t completely hit him yet, but he felt like he should probably be way more worried than he actually was. Sure, his leg was torn to shit and his depth perception was fucked, but he wasn’t concerned about himself. At least
What Castiel was suffering with was worse than any fever Dean had witnessed before. Obviously, a lot of that came down to the fact that Dean could feel Cas’s Grace through touch, but he’d actually developed blisters on his fingertips from his last contact with the angel so he wasn’t too keen on getting closer than necessary right now to check if the guy was still too warm.
He struggled for air, kicking at his captor before the boy seated himself on the lower half of Castiel's spine, and he couldn’t hold back his scream as the bandages were dragged over his wound with the movement, bucking backwards as he attempted to throw the demon off.
"Yeah, there's nothing more impressive than alcoholism," she started, exhaling heavily as she pushed up onto her feet. She met his gaze briefly, and for a second Dean swore he could see a smirk play on her lips before she was turning to pull the jukebox further away from the wall, kicking a toolbox along the floor as she went.
“Don’t even try that crap on me," the demon interrupted, shooting him with some kind of exasperated look. “I’m not an idiot, okay? You’re an
There was no emotion in Castiel's tone so Dean was struggling to gauge just how angry the angel was with him without looking at his face. It ignited his anxiety again but he squeezed his eyes shut, counting down from 10 as he kept his breathing steady.
Castiel could feel the hot prickling of tears in his eyes, rolling face down into the dirt again. Everything was pain, and he
He narrowed his eyes, watching the smile slip a little on his captor’s face, his features diminishing in what could have been the subtle gentleness that had been there momentarily.
Shit. Castiel should have phoned earlier when he'd had the chance. He'd wasted so much time doing nothing when he'd known phoning the kid should have taken precedence. Hell, what if Dean's uncle still hadn't returned and the demon had been left alone again?
He knew it was sudden but nothing about this was fair! He'd tried to explain himself and it was pointless to argue when his dad clearly didn't give a shit.
“Have I met with him before?” He queried, his gaze fixated on the boy’s features. “Or you. Have I met with either of you before?”
Cas had said it was okay. That this sort of thing wasn't at all draining in terms of his power. At least, it wasn't anywhere
A hand slammed over his mouth, cutting off his speech but freeing his left arm, and he wasted no time in raising his ankle to deftly slide the blade from the quarter of his shoe, elbowing the demon in the ribs and assuming a position above the boy’s chest. He pinned both arms above the demon’s head with one hand, using his other to press the knife threateningly against his captor’s throat. All it would take was a simple swipe of the weapon and the boy would be the one bleeding dry onto the crumbling soil, but he could see the sheer pain in the demon’s facial expression from his shoulder being so abruptly moved into an uncomfortable position, and as much as Castiel wanted to slice open the flesh, he couldn't help but stall in his actions, only a trickle of blood gleaming from where the knife rested.
Sometimes Castiel wished they’d get involved solely so he’d have the back up when things got really bad, but they were more dangerous than any human-passing demon and Castiel didn’t exactly know how much he could trust them, even if they did always seem to relay positive messages back to Crowley about the quality of the hunt.
But the most notable aspect was how every so often his golden wings would appear, almost as if to balance him as he swept between the rooms. Although the wingtips brushed Dean’s shadow on occasion, causing the tendrils to temporarily dissipate with the touch, Dean couldn’t feel a thing.
"I know, Bobby," he mumbled, toying with the ring on his finger, getting used to its weight. "I've been reading up on it all."
Castiel didn't particularly want to ask, even if what the boy was asking of him was rather personal. He was trying to humour the child in a way, wanting the demon to continue about the next few hours in the same cheerful manner.
It’s why Castiel had been avoiding the subject. Even when Dean had mentioned the injuries Castiel was healing himself of, he tried to divert the attention to something else, not wanting to upset the demon by dwelling on the subject for longer than necessary.
And why would Castiel take on an illness that was designed to kill? Yes, Pamela said that it wasn’t meant for angels, but given the similarities between the angelic and demonic species, he would have at least
were meant to be the compassionate ones - the creatures that did nothing but want to help - and here Castiel had found a demon that seemingly shared the same characteristics.
"No, Dean, but, uhhh ..." He raised his left arm pathetically. "Can you take the bracelet off me now? I don't really -"
Castiel considered leaving it ring. The thought of crushing the phone in his hand briefly crossed his mind too. He was at a loss for words though, and as he responded and drew the phone up to his ear, he felt the breath catch in his throat.
"Nah. He'll be back tomorrow though," Dean said, and it was the certainty in his tone that made Castiel relax that little bit more. Obviously, he would have preferred it if Dean had been housed properly that night, but at least the boy would have things resolved come morning.
Prior to that, the most he'd done to help was make shotgun shells from thin air. It was another power Dean didn't fully understand, nor had he ever had it explained to him, but he could remember reading an article about the Earth when he was a kid and how pollution had led to there being traces of metal in the air. Dean had begun to just assume he was drawing material from the environment around him in a more specific way than angels could apparently manage.
He couldn't help but frown when the demon blatantly ignored him, dropping down to a cross-legged position no more than a foot away.
"I'll manage," Castiel grunted, leaning into Dean's hold. Their hands stayed locked together even after Castiel had righted himself, the angel's hair flopping down over his eyes as he swayed on the spot.
But the anger he had channelled into prompting him to make the call began to twine with nervousness, and he could feel his resolve shamefully weaken with every ring.
Castiel took in a sharp breath, rubbing at his brow. "Okay, uhhh ... Sam, I'm gonna need you to relax, alright? It's not going to hurt you, but it might feel a little strange."
It had never frustrated him when he was young, but these days it overcomplicated everything. He knew nothing but stories and he didn't quite have the same appreciation for them as he did when he was seven. Perhaps it was nice in regard to the element of nostalgia but other than that, he had no real worthwhile information to help him in this current day and age.
Castiel sighed, heading on past the kitchen unit to locate the hatch in the floor, bending down to open it slowly in a manner that wouldn’t wake the kid just yet before stepping cautiously down onto the stairs below. He ordered the light ahead of him, mapping out the remaining steps so he wouldn’t fall and injure himself, his head spinning at the mere thought. There wasn’t much of a bannister for him to support himself should he lose his footing, and he doubted it would hold his weight regardless of whether he relied upon it for anything more than he already was, the splintered wood trembling with every stair Castiel descended. It was beginning to make sense as to why the boy opted for teleporting down here as opposed to taking the stairs each time, even if that also had something to do with laziness. It was nowhere near as difficult ascending the stairs as it was making the journey down, nor was it as stressful. Castiel couldn’t help but feel slightly relieved when he made his way to the ground in near blindness, pleased that he’d succeeded in doing so without coming to any harm, and he made his way to the opposite side of the room, the small light reflecting off the little remains of the chain tied to the wall and the water bottles left on the floor. He gathered the three remaining bottles in his arms in addition to the blanket, still not overly keen on the idea of drinking the tap water without anything to purify it with, yawning as he turned to return to the upper floor.
So he pulsed a minuscule quantity of energy into the man’s form; just enough to slow the bleeding whilst he figured out just how he’d be able to take on the whole injury without falling comatose. He wanted to be able to preserve his own good health for as long as he possibly could, and with a man in the next room over who was apparently eager to kill him, Castiel hoped to stay healthy long enough to defend himself in a potentially dangerous situation later on.
It was actually a relief that they had come to this decision, as the longer Castiel remained sat on the couch, the more bruised he felt.
Castiel frowned, his burst of annoyance causing the beam to make a slight creaking noise as a surge of Grace was forced toward it. “You
Sure, Dean himself had been dragged on his first hunt with his dad at a similar age, but until he’d been asked to watch over Cas in the cabin, he’d never worked a hunt alone. Even now the thought of tracking down a beast with no one for back-up had his anxiety building, but it only reminded him of the situation he was in, and the company he was keeping.
young when his parents were killed, Dean,” Bobby scoffed. “I imagine there are a few things that he remembers differently - if he hasn’t straight-up been lying to you from the get-go anyway.”
That was the work of the demons, corrupting the dimension angels had once thrived in for pure entertainment, casting them down and claiming the serene world as their own.
"Do you want me to speak to him?" Castiel questioned, and Dean stared at him seriously as he slipped his phone back into his pocket.
