John rolled his eyes, resting his hands on his hips and taking in one last deep breath as his lungs finally began to adapt. "That would be her. Why, do you know her?"
John grinned slightly, rubbing his eyes and pushing himself so that he was sitting up properly. "Bet you're not his favourite person."
And then they saw the beach.
Holding tight.
A gentle laugh broke from Jim's lips; the man stood, shaking his head. "No, not today. Perhaps not
John gently put the fork down and put his hand around his own glass, iced water with lemon. Up until the food had arrived he had been finding it almost too easy to enjoy himself after Sherlock had left the lecture hall; he had of course been berated by the student-lecturer, practically told off for distracting him during teaching, but they'd kept up a steady stream of banter the whole walk around campus. By the time they'd reached a point of silence that couldn't be filled it had started to get dark, leading the curly-haired genius to suggest walking down into Greenwich high street to find somewhere to eat, a suggestion that John had taken him up on despite feeling no real desire to eat. He knew he wasn't fixed, nor was he ready to start making outings on a regular basis, but the day had been such an easy one to enjoy that he hadn't quite wanted to go back to his room and end it until he was absolutely ready to collapse.
obtuse.”
"But you do? Feel the words that you can't say?"
"Oh." Silence. "You didn't answer my question."
The other players around the table soon caught on to Greg's master-plan and began allocating all of their
Sherlock sighed. "If you must. James?" He turned, seemingly looking towards John. "Would you mind stepping to join us? Lewis here needs to make sure you're not carrying anything that could do him any damage."
"Well, let me finish my story first, shall I? So, tonight. We walked back into the ballroom and joined your mum and dad at the front of the little performance area and we waited for you to come on stage. You did, very gracefully by the way, and then you introduced the pianist and the song and – well. You know. You started to play."
The most important day of their lives.
"Lasagne," John murmured, recognising the ingredients instantly. "I told you we'd made lasagne."
John shook his head again, forcing his eyes open as wide as he could. “No, I’m fine, Sherlock. Really. Talk to me.” He forced himself to remain on the edge of the sofa, determined not to sink back into the soft leather lest he give in to the warmth and comfort and drift off.
Once again, John found himself blinking far too fast; the visuals she'd presented him with in the last minute were horrendously difficult to move past. He remained silent, trying to push the images of bibles out of his head.
John grinned. "Terribly. What about you?"
What question? John wasn't even sure. His mind would not work. "The one you asked. With the toast... the question."
"No," Sherlock reprimanded quietly, pulling his finger from beneath the stream of water and letting his hand fall to his side, "yet again I think it's
"You didn't seem desperate."
"Ha. Maybe." He twitched the tie slightly, straightening it as he watched the reflection of her in the mirror taking his jacket into her hands and holding it out behind him. John extended his arms out behind him and let her slide the satin-lined jacket over them, shrugging his shoulders and stretching his arms out in front of him so that it would sit properly; yes, Franco had done a good job. A
"You're the only thing that's different that we can think of," he explained to the still-overwhelmed John who still had his eyes fixed on the ceiling. "Nothing else has changed. Add to that the fact that he hasn't argued once about going cold turkey since I mentioned the idea of your reaction to a drug habit -"
The smallest of laughs from Sherlock and the twist of an unfamiliar smile; there was no warmth in it whatsoever as he turned his head and looked directly at John for the briefest of moments, eyes full of derision and disbelief. They stood that way for a while, John looking at Sherlock, Sherlock looking at John and Greg looking between them both as he lifted a hand to the back of his head and scratched the edge of his ear with all the awkwardness of a boy who had just walked in on their parents having sex.
"Nice to see you too, Dad," John replied stiffly, reaching forward with a hand to shake his father's hand; long gone were the days of a pat on the back or a rare hug. "You're looking well."
Sighing in exasperation, John found himself standing in the middle of the room, ready to start pacing at any moment. "Well, what, is he ill? Drunk? In the middle of shagging someone?"
"I…" It was such a struggle. He felt the urge to tell her everything, the desire overwhelming him and making him feel infinitely weak. "This cannot continue."
He was just drifting into a delightfully heavy sleep when a half-conscious murmur came from the armchair:
As it turned out, there wasn't too much to think about.
Again, Nina didn't press him. "That's fine. Just accepting those feelings is a huge step."
John suddenly felt oddly protective of his friend, turning his head and looking at him openly. "It was, Sherlock. It was really beautiful."
"I'll leave you two to have sex, then."
. Keep an eye on them though, the minute their hands separate we'll make them a drink so bad their eyes'll water.
to be pissed off at me?"
Sherlock watched as Mycroft sparked a match and lifted it to light the end of the cigarette, embers glowing to life. “Certainly not. It is, after all, my decision to label it as I have. The ball is very much in his court.”
"For the most part." Sherlock made to sit down next to Mycroft. "Though I would appreciate it if next time those who decide to have conversations upstairs would perhaps have the decency to keep their voices down -"
The house had surprised him. Meeting Greg Lestrade you certainly wouldn't imagine he'd live a stones throw away from Greenwich Park in a pretty little neighbourhood and a pretty little house; it was an end-of-terrace house, old red brick, a bay window to the front. Where most of the houses along the street had turned their little front gardens into a driveway, 221 Well Place had a little lawn and flower bed, beautifully tended and clearly not the work of an amateur. John stared at the flowers, their colour bright even in the darkness, beginning to wonder if Greg was, in fact, a raging homosexual.
"You think
"No, we don't need to change anything," John said with a sigh, forcing himself to look up and at Sherlock as if it were no difficult feat. It disturbed him that it
Yet another noticeable gap of time.
"Sherlock," John whispered roughly, interrupting his thoughts with his continued fixated gaze, "you may have to ask me to leave."
"Yes."
Hitting play, John waited.
doubting it, I just meant -"
Sherlock nodded, eyes guarded. “Yes.”
"Insinuating? No, William, I'm not
"No... mm... god, did I really say that?... oh right, yeah, there we go. Blimey, he's a bloody mind-reader..."
Now, however, there was more than just John's depression and Sherlock's unpredictability to deal with, and it was such a
, and in the very least as words seemed to be evading him he would have to do something
The genius glared at him like he was the biggest idiot in the room; technically he probably was. "Yes. A significant amount of time."
"Why are you being so difficult about this?" Sherlock's arms went akimbo into the air, looking every inch the impatient and disgruntled child. "They're very simple questions, John, I'm not asking you to explain the meaning of life!"
“John? You look like you're about to take a shit on your pillow.”
talk to your mother that way. With the crap I've put her through, the terrible husband and dad you all know I've been -”
She practically leapt up from her seat, plucking from her plate the last remnants of a roast potato and throwing it in her mouth as she nodded. “Yep. Grab your stuff and I'll walk with you to the station.”
"When we first started talking, when we first met… well. You were a complete mess." Sherlock glanced at John for a moment before he went back to looking at the floor. "You weren't really
They looked at each other; John nodded, exasperated. "Mycroft."
John took a small step back. "I don't know."
"I didn't -"
His words trailed off into the darkness. Sherlock's face was impossibly pale, eyes glazed over and hair a complete mess; rather than his usual shirt-and-tight-trousers routine he was wearing a dark grey long-sleeved polo shirt and – my god, were they
Amusement slipped against Sherlock's silken tones. "No I'm not."
"No," John repeated with a shake of his head, a small smile tilting the edges of his lips up, amusement obvious. "No, I'm not saying that either. Either way is fine. Formal or casual."
“Don’t feign ignorance, it’s irritating.” Mycroft sighed, inwardly wondering at Sherlock’s allegation of John’s stubbornness when he was even more prone to such behaviour. “What did
John shrugged. "It wasn't like I've done it before... it just seemed like it didn't matter so much, being at university and everything. It's not something I'd usually do, it was just that the opportunity arose and I... took it."
John pushed himself with his palms so that he was half-sitting, leaning against the headboard and quickly becoming distinctly aware of the bare half-torso poking out from underneath the duvet. "Mm, no. Well, a bit. It's fine."
"You're one to talk," she responded sagely, placing her own hand on the door handle as they stopped the car. "Anyway, as I was saying – she married above what anyone would have ever expected of her and now she's the lady of this estate, alongside her rather...
When John spoke, his voice was barely a murmur. “Thank you.”
Two pairs of eyes flew towards him.
The older Holmes brother was quickly running out of patience. “Might I remind you again that I have a position of employment to attend tomorrow? I would quite like to get some sleep beforehand…”
"I was," Sherlock admitted with a roll of his eyes, "I was shifting and fidgeting and staring so intently at the screen that my eyes were blurred…" He trailed off, breaking eye-contact with John and looking out to the blaze of the setting sun, momentarily lost in a train of thought. "It's funny, looking back. A little shameful."
Neil flinched back as if he'd been hit, looking every bit as offended as if John had asked something truly unbelievable rather than something that was absolutely justified. "That's a ridiculous thing to ask, of course I -"
"I'm sorry John, I have no idea what I'm doing -"
The bluntness of his response momentarily shifted John’s resolve. “I… well, you -”
John grimaced. "Bit creepy, Sherlock."
"BOYS!" Wanda tapped her hand firmly against the table, frowning at them both over her glass of orange juice. "We'll be having none of that today, not after such a glorious evening and in the view of such a
Greg, too, seemed to be in agreement. “Yeah, all right then. We can text and iron out details, but for now I'll just tell Mrs. Hudson that we'll probably be there -”
This was impossible. Harriet was impossible. "No, I'm not taking drugs. Look, if you're really too busy to talk to me I'll go."
"No, really, you don't have to do that -"
Not the old him. The new one. The depressed one.
want to do right now is leave and give him every reason to retreat back into the hellhole he dug himself into two years ago."
"John isn't particularly looking forward to it," Sherlock whispered
“I know.”
The next card picked was a seven. The boy holding it quickly pointed to the ceiling. "Seven is
The truth was, he couldn't
He laughed, a pitiful sound of utter derision, wholly directed at himself. "Absolutely not."
A wide grin broke out over John's face as he shifted to leap to a bigger rock next to him, keeping his arms out to steady himself. "I'm fairly certain that out of the two of us I'm the more experienced rock-leaper here. I mean, feel free to argue if I'm wrong, not that I need to encourage you to argue."
The touch was so light he wasn't sure it was really there; it felt almost other-worldly, so gentle and warm and comforting even though the scent and pain alongside didn't really fit any of those words. Well. Maybe warm. Warm was familiar. Warm was constant. Warm was something John knew he could associate at least with the scent, though the pain... no, it wasn't really pain, more of a constant thrumming, a continuous throb that seemed to travel all the way from his palm and up his arm to his shoulder. It was uncomfortable. He didn't really want it anymore. No, definitely not. He felt a groggy urge to flex his fingers, that might make it better – he felt his muscles twitch, more discomfort, felt himself try to squeeze his hand into a fist...
about mental health issues, he knew enough to be certain that what had been taking over his life since term started was depression. It was... embarrassing. A weakness. He knew that it ran in his family, knew it was something that would have probably visited him in an unwelcome appearance at some point during his life but the fact that it was now, during his first year of university... then again, at least it was this first year, his pre-medical year. After having left school with three A Levels and none of them in a science (and having taken a year out to travel, the ultimate gap year stereotype), he was now required to take an initial year covering all three sciences and, should he fail, he'd also fail to continue to the actual five-year medical course. If he let this... this
"The boy has talent," Benedict remarked, looking away and towards the crowd again, "could make a go of it professionally if he wanted to. I could get him involved in a few things, have some people contact him."
"We're all tired," his friend said, suddenly sounding a little less desperate and a little more impatient, "but we all have to make the effort for our friends, especially after such a bloody long time. It wouldn't kill you to spend an hour out of your room -"
way if you'd only admitted you were struggling in the first place. If you'd actually been brave enough to reach out for help, like he did. Pull your head out of your arse for the first time in your life and stop telling your own son that he doesn't have depression, stop pretending that your life isn't shit, stop acting like I don't exist just because I like to shag girls. Stop being a closed-minded idiot and, for the love of god,
She observed him from across the desk, looking no more harmless than a fly yet already she had somehow slipped from him information he had been intent not to release. He had underestimated her. "Most of the time I hear that people have been encouraged to seek counselling by family members, close friends, people who have seen you at your best and your worst and have seen the process of change before their very eyes. It says here that your addiction started at…" she glanced down at the piece of paper in front of her, "…seventeen. You've known John for a significantly small period of time since your struggle began and yet he's the only one who has managed to have an effect enough to convince you that you should consider coming to see me. Not only did you consider it but you're sitting here in front of me. It's interesting."
"Hmmph. Let's not exaggerate."
John nodded quickly. "Sure, I'll meet you at yours."
The car was black, shaded windows, impossibly shiny; John stared at it for a few moments before a suited man climbed out of the drivers seat and nodded to him, smoothing his tie. "John Watson?"
John could hear an odd roaring noise in his ears. "I… Sherlock…"
Back to normality.
Another brief silence. "Not anymore."
John threw the now-empty carrier bags across to the other side of the kitchen and pulled a knife from the block next to the cooker. "Well, has he had any other girls here since they met at the party?"
Then he opened a fresh text message, choosing his words carefully:
John did not look like John.
know everything. He didn’t know, for instance, that John would come home tonight. He had thought... well, it didn’t really matter what he had thought now. He’d been proven wrong, and not for the first time in recent days, so he had the sense to simply wait and see where it would take them.
Someone.
"Even more awkward in real life than online." Yes, that was accurate enough. "Bloody changeable, too."
"Sherlock -"
"You'll have to be... more specific." Sherlock's voice was a murmur, barely audible; the low, velvety tones were so ridiculously deep that John could feel the vibrations of them against his skin despite their lips still separated by an infinitesimal distance.
"You really are an idiot," John said in exasperation, half-laughing as he dragged his palm down his face, "really, Sherlock, sometimes you are
Sherlock shook his head. "She didn't want details, she just wanted to know how I felt. So I told her."
“- and spoke in a most melancholy way of how deeply I miss and long for John, at which point you comforted me in a warm and brotherly fashion and we parted knowing that we had both shared a meaningful, important moment which would forever strengthen our fraternal bond.” Sherlock glanced back at Mycroft with indifference schooled perfectly across his long features. “That should shut her up for a day, at least.”
"All right, what have I done now?"
John seemed utterly incapable of saying anything – well. Other than the most important thing, at least in Sherlock's eyes. “Sherlock...”
“...yes.”
"Give him his suitcase you old fool," Wanda chastised with a fond smile, flapping at him with a dishcloth and turning to the large sink full of washing up, "and stop gossiping like an old maid. Honestly, John, he's worse than I am!"
"Is that your taste, then? Girls with a superiority complex?"
Sherlock did not look at him, nor did he answer. Wanda did it for him.
"Sherlock…"
So many questions. So much to decide upon.
She nodded slightly. "I think we should stop for today. You've been very forthcoming and have shared a lot with me, which is good, but I only expect you to go so far. I think you've reached your limit for now."
This kicked John's emotions to new heights. Anger came to play. "After last time? Let's talk about that, shall we? What the hell happened to trying to stop? Trying to deal with the problem rather than avoiding it and just ending up back here again? Wasn't that what counselling was all about, Sherlock, wasn't that the whole bloody point? What did you even
Another tiny chapter, but I reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeally hope you like it! -massive grin- Bet some of you guessed what was coming... MORE TOMORROW! Comments and reviews appreciated! <3
His father plundered on. "I can see you standing there, an adult, and I know that you must have things you want to say to me, things you've probably been wanting to say for a long time. I know I've been a mess, son, but I'm... I'm back in group, I'm cleaning myself up, and I think that if -"
The two of them stared at each other for a few moments more before slowly John allowed himself to sit back down on the sofa, looking up at Sherlock with his own silly grin still spread out over his face; Sherlock’s grin lessened but did not disappear completely as he still lingered in the middle of the room. When he eventually broke the silence, he gestured towards the door.
Realising with a start that he had not yet looked away from Sherlock's flawlessly nonchalant face, John hurriedly leaned over to pick two plates of buttered toast, stepping around the younger man in order to take them through to Wanda; she quickly took them off of him and waved him back towards the kitchen to get the rest, John turning on the spot and striding back to the counter. Tim hurried past him with a dish of very, very questionably blackened bacon and a sheepish smile, Mycroft following closely behind with a tureen of eggs, a large glass bowl of cooked mushrooms and an exasperated expression – no change there, then. John shuffled over to the counter where Sherlock was currently lining up the remaining three tea-plates along his arm to carry through to his mother, instantly leaning over and grabbing two of them with a quick grin – careful not to look the boy directly in the eye so as not to lose control and simply throw the plates to the ground in order to get his hands on something far more tempting than breakfast – and whipping back into the dining room.
"Sentiment will only get the both of you hurt, and believe me when I say that I would go to any lengths to ensure that my brother escapes that burden."
He was rambling with such fierce ignorance and intent that by the time John had crossed the room he was completely unprepared; it shouldn't have surprised him quite so much to feel the dip of mattress as John sat on the edge of the bed, nor should it have been alarming to feel the waves of warmth from another body next to him, in his room, on his bed, yet it somehow managed to startle him enough that he broke off from his incessant talking and remained utterly silent as John's face actually became somewhat visible at closer range – a rolling of eyes, a tiny grin and a pair of eyes on his face which was now oh-so-taut with tension that he wondered if perhaps John's gaze would crack it completely.
"Just say 'me too' and I'll leave you alone."
John rolled his eyes. "Fear."
A boy came to our school, seemingly from the right people. He was a typically ‘nice’ sort of boy, not like most of the boys in my year – he lacked the arrogance of the rest of us, was humble and gentle, worked hard and got better grades than most of the honour students already enrolled; he never stopped. When he wasn’t studying in the library or taking advanced classes he was out on the rugby pitch or badminton courts, always going, constantly motivated to do this and that and for the life of me I couldn’t work it out. I couldn’t read him. Believe me, John, I tried. He intrigued me, in truth I was a little infatuated with him – oh, not like that, I saw that little flash of surprise in your eyes. No, not in a sexual or romantic way, nothing like that at all. He was simply… unknown. And because of that, I became obsessed.
"You okay?"
Mike punched him on the shoulder a little too hard, grinning wildly at him. "I'LL SEE YOU LATER, THEN! OR MAYBE NOT!" He crossed his fingers, John laughing for his benefit and watching as his best friend made his way over to the girl; as soon as she spotted Mike her face lit up, a pleased smile filling her face and making her suddenly ten times more attractive – yes, Mike had found himself a decent one there. Lucky git. John was about as far away from getting close to a girl as... well. Maybe not Sherlock. That was a bit of an exaggeration.
Something flashed across Sherlock's face, ceasing John's words mid-sentence, making them trail off into a very awkward silence; his expression took on a mix of emotion, twisted from the original mocking smirk as it combined with something... what was it? Disappointment? Hurt? No, no, it was... guilt. Genuine guilt. Sherlock's lips separated with words he seemingly couldn't form, his eyes narrowing as he looked away and to Greg in the doorway, but it was clear to John that he wasn't really
John tried not to smile; Sherlock's parents were so bloody endearing. "We'd all be lost without it now, I think."
that had pulled Sherlock unforgivingly down to his level until his lips ardently, painfully, achingly pressed hard against Sherlock's,
The floor was wooden, much like the hallway, but underneath the coffee table and stretching out as far as the edge of the sofa was a deep red rug, soft underneath John's feet and adding to the general warm feeling of the room; the same style rug was also beneath the dining room table. In the middle of the dining room table was a large ivory pillar candle spiked on top of a plain black candlestick. There seemed to be pictures hung on the walls but from here John couldn't define what they were, though the hue stuck to the theme of the rooms and radiated warm reds, oranges, yellows and golds. A large wooden sideboard was to the left of the dining room table, though again John couldn't see what rested upon it from his position on the sofa. French doors adorned with heavy ivory curtains sat at the end of the house, opening out into the garden which, of course, John had already seen. Presumably the yellow-walled kitchen was to the left of the dining room.
"Yeah." John cleared his throat again. "Yes, well, exactly."
"Yes. Places like that, they're teeming with families and belligerent children. I can't say I was thrilled by the suggestion in the first place but, seeing as Mother seemed to have her heart set on it, I wasn't going to argue."
"But you don't understand it? Don't... feel it? Anything?" John had been genuinely curious, cupping his glass between his hands and staring across the table at his friend intently.
"You know that Greg probably thinks we're gay now."
God, yes, it might have been, a small noise escaping from Sherlock's slightly parted lips as John pulled away to instead brush his lips over his jaw, such a graceful jaw, so pointed and smooth and no, he had to get back to those lips and he had to taste them just a little -
Sherlock's lips pursed slightly. "I don't like it."
John rolled over, groaning, barely conscious once again as he leaned towards his laptop and dragged the chair clumsily closer. His eyes squinted in the darkness as they adjusted to the light of the screen, seeing that there were words but hardly able to comprehend them.
, I..." He floundered a little, grasp on John's back tightening in his self-irritation for a moment. "If you could just show me?"
"Yes, almost definitely. You've made quite enough progress for one evening."
Within two minutes he was already back at the laptop.
"But whether I'm gay or not, the fact that we're talking about the possibility of being something other than friends -"
You know what I think? You're just some jumped-up twat who wants to have a bit of a laugh, so you thought you'd hack into my emails or something and now you're using whatever you read to piss me about
someone. Not just anyone, either – someone who he had so recently detested but, within a few days, had come to view as someone who was far more of a positive influence on his life than a negative one. Though he knew at some point the worm would turn and whatever effect the alcohol was still having on him would dissipate, leaving him back in the grey, he was genuinely almost overwhelmed with how
John stared at him, the cogs of his own mind almost visibly whirring under the scrutiny of Sherlock's intense gaze; he was clearly coming to his own realisation of the language Sherlock had used. He took a moment before seemingly making a decision. "I wouldn't have said it if I didn't mean it." The two of them gazed at one another for what seemed like aeons to Sherlock, though most likely the meaning was lost to John. "Go on. Show me."
"Please, you have your own shit to be dealing with – don't think I've forgotten about your depression, mate. And now you've got Sherlock to be getting on with too, which believe me won't be easy. It's never easy the first time."
John did not like the delicate threads of mockery lingering beneath Mycroft's seemingly innocuous words. "She was nice, Mycroft. I'm not saying I'm going to marry her."
going to kiss Sherlock."
"Another time, John," Sherlock said quietly, still not looking towards him. "Not now."
underestimated her. "I was under the impression that you weren't supposed to lead the conversation."
As Sherlock began to turn, ready to exit the room, John found the man's name slipping from his lips before he could do a thing to stop it.
"I can hold it if you want to have a sip."
Sherlock gave a quick jerk of his head, impatient. “Of course I remember that.
At this moment in time, John wasn't all too sure that there was anything that he
Suddenly everything that John had said about feelings earlier seemed to crumple in the dust compared to this… gift. Because it
Still coughing, John stared at the hand that had touched him.
“Sherlock…”
He directs the words to the floor, though he can hear the tremble in his voice and he is well aware that Sherlock will not miss it. "How you could possibly think that…
"It's not exactly high on my list of priorities. If I wanted to experience the symptoms of sexual excitement I'd just... well. I don't know. Break into a highly guarded building, perhaps."
John frowned. "So what's 'in love' then?"
John's mouth fell open, hardly believing what he was hearing. "I'm sorry, did you really just refer to his heroin addiction and the
"Arrgh, why? Why Sherlock? Why William?"
"Sherlock -"
John waited a few moments before answering. "She's not really the type to settle down, at least not yet. She enjoys the thrill of the chase too much to find someone she wants to spend the rest of her life with."
, with your fingers in my hair and touching my throat." He suddenly found his mouth was quite dry, a tongue darting out to moisten his lips. "Your… tongue…"
If there was a final straw, that was it; John was suddenly curled over in what could only be described as a raucous wheezing fit, Sherlock having to hand the camera to his mother as he too began to laugh, reaching out and placing a hand on John's shoulder as if it were the most natural thing in the world to use John to steady himself – John didn't care in the slightest, his own hand coming up to rest on Sherlock's lower arm as he tried to straighten his body and stop the gales of laughter that were threatening to just keep on coming -
Mycroft gazed steadily back at his brother, not a flicker of emotion on his impassive visage. “I was under the impression that you came here to talk to me about that very thing.”
"But it's not weak, despite what you may have thought to yourself when alone." The intense gaze was back, dark eyes impartial, non-judgemental as they stared out at him from across the desk. "There's a quote from Bruce Lee which I think is quite relevant here – do you know of him?"
It really was rather a lot of effort.
His silence was quickly analysed.
A moment of hesitation before the doorknob turned, the door slowly swinging open as John stood by the bed with his hand resting on the duvet cover that he'd been in the process of pulling back; he tried to suppress the sudden surge of something disturbingly powerful welling up in his abdomen as he saw Sherlock standing there on the threshold, still wearing his clothes from dinner.
"You've been in group before and it didn't take. What's so different this time? What do you think could have possibly - no, no, y'know what? I really don't want to be talking about this. Not now." John half-turned away from Neil, dragging his top teeth over his lower lip as he attempted to once again rein himself in. "I respect... that you're trying to turn things around. And I respect that, at some point, we need to have some sort of conversation about... everything. But not today. Not during this visit." He forced his eyes up to meet his father's, a quick jerk of the head to the side in refusal. "Let's just focus on making this as easy as possible for Mum. I assume you still care about her feelings? Somewhere inside of you?"
"John, mate." He opened the door wide, stepping back to allow him the space to walk through. "Sherlock's sleeping, don't think he's really up for visitors -"
just to screw over the three of them, insisting that along with
John crawled, like a child, over to Harry's side and reached out with shaking hands to grasp her upper arm, pulling her – without much effort required, he noted – against him, wrapping his own arms around her shoulders and hugging her tightly for a moment; it was uncomfortable, physically as well as emotionally, and he was frustratingly aware that a hug meant very little considering what had just been uttered in the space between them, but somewhere in the back of his mind he wondered if closing the physical space between them might be a good step towards repairing some of the damage he had apparently caused. The words were still hanging in the air, and he knew that they wouldn't be leaving his head anytime soon – as he fully deserved, considering how his sister had seemingly memorised their hurtful poison to perfection – but he didn't have new words to drown them out with. He had caused her pain, the self-righteous little asshole that he had been, and he wasn't about to just let her sit there whilst he remained silent.
He knew, as soon as the door opened, that John was no longer there.
John understood. He really did.
"I don't really know how to do it."
it's not something I'm familiar with. You know what people are like, they don't make prolonged eye-contact or spend a substantial amount of time trying to read someone -"
John's brow wrinkled. "Do what?"
"Impossible, don't know where he lives."
"Take no notice of him, John,
"I don't want to hurt you."
into my world. It is clear as day to you, I know that – just looking at your face it’s obvious that you knew what would happen and you knew how it would crawl and fester and grow within my mind… as you so accurately said earlier, you did warn me. And him. You warned us both. And I should have listened.” His head shook back and forth slowly, eyes glassy as they stared blindly into the fire. “I should have listened to you for once in my life.”
It was enough to make John almost pity him, yet Sherlock didn't deserve pity. Pity was a wasted emotion. Like sympathy. Sympathy was useless too. What Sherlock deserved was some understanding.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open. “You
John repeated himself, the stinging gash on his hand beginning to throb. "What kind of friend?"
The sound of movement filtered through the air as Sherlock moved to kneel beside him, the tension considerably more uncomfortable than before and fuelled almost entirely by their mutual irritation at each other; not that there was any decent reason to be irritated at one another. At all. There was no logic behind it. Then again, logic rarely featured in the reasons behind anything about their relationship.
, John told himself heatedly, undoing all of the good work he'd done whilst Sherlock was gone, thinking of the things he'd determinedly ignored in the hours of Sherlock's disappearance,
"Because you're so well known down here…"
John shook his head. "No pets. Oh, well, Harry had two goldfish for about a week when she was six before one of them apparently murdered the other and she tearfully flushed them both down the toilet. Said she couldn't love the living one for what he did to his brother."
"I meant the intensity."
It had been so nice to feel something.
closed unless he's sleeping," he stressed, fingers splayed out as he made his point, "and I guess my instincts just kicked in. I opened the door and he was just sitting against the wall, all the stuff around him and he was just staring in front of him. At nothing." Greg turned away again, looking at Mycroft. "I swear, there were no warning signs this time. If there had been -"
"Yes, you did!" she said brightly, turning her grin to him without a single glint of guilt in the eyes that could have easily been taken from her son's own head. "I don't forget anything, you'll soon find that out."
John felt a fierce rush of relief run through him at Greg's words - thank god. Thank god. Greg didn't know. Greg was still blissfully unaware.
“I am a teenager, Mycroft. We forget this, I know, but I am. I
"Yes," John said firmly, shoving his hands in his pockets and shrugging apologetically. "I'll call a cab and head back to campus. Sorry, mate, I'm just exhausted. I said I'd only stay for an hour and it's already been two and a half -"
"Eat your lasagne."
"GOTTA TAKE A PISS!" Mike interrupted with a yell, perhaps over-exaggerating the need to do so when the music was only really deafening in the living room and only somewhat audible in the kitchen, but then he couldn't really judge his friend. He could tell exactly the effect his mere presence at the party was having on Mike and he would put up with all the yelling, touching and drinking as best as he could for as long as he could. The fact that Mike had welcomed him with open arms and not mentioned at all the fact that John was a total arsehole of late meant that he was owed John's presence and patience, for as long as the twenty-three year old could possibly manage.
"Irrational. Nauseated. Shaky. Weak. Anxious."
but you're being so...
"You all right back there, boys? Sorry about the traffic, think there's been an accident…"
When Sherlock did finally break the silence his voice was exasperated, impossibly quiet. "Must we always have a moment in every social occasion during which one of us doubts their place in the other's life?"
John barked out a quiet laugh, still distinctly uncomfortable. "Nothing like I've had before, but... yes, I'm pretty sure we could call ourselves friends now."
“Why does it matter now?”
me, John, stop being so frustratingly reticent. What do you want me to be?"
– popped his head around the door with an apologetic look on his face and hands out in defence –
“I assure you, I was doing no such thing.” The words came out as a sigh, not even attempting to mask his irritation. “Though we both know that if I
The ghost of a smile flitted across Sherlock's blatantly amused face. "You have quite the talent for avoiding what's directly in front of you, John."
myself!"
John met Sherlock's look with an open, honest gaze. "Yeah, I did. I... did kiss you. But I don't think that means that I'm
John rolled his eyes. "Great, Katie's there too. So you're both calling to torture me, I assume?"
for an excuse to let out some of her bitterness, John, and you being the little golden boy who could do no wrong meant that every mistake I made was just another reason for her to project her own feelings of failure onto me.”
“Good,” John returned sincerely, “I don’t want things to change just because our…
too many eggs into the pan and throwing him a smile. "Do you want to get settled at the table, dear? Breakfast shouldn't be too long."
"Because you felt the need to say it. I know that you don't have feelings for me, John, I'm not completely ignorant."
“At your grand old age? I think not.”
If he was going to say it, he may as well get it over with. "You do know... that... earlier. Earlier, when you... when I was smiling."
to sleep!"
John's hands slowed on the bandage and eventually came to a stop; he forced himself to think about what Greg was saying, feeling the exhaustion starting to creep into his body and making him feel very much like he wanted to tell Greg to bugger off and leave him alone – but then again, maybe it wasn't exhaustion at all. His eyes raised to meet Greg's honest gaze, trying to understand. Because maybe exhaustion was cloaking something else.
That was probably the most terrified I've ever been in my life, or at least the most shocked. Looking back I should probably have realised why you were trying to force me to go out or at least been suspicious that you of all people would be encouraging me to go to a party when I knew just how much you hated them, but apparently I was a bit blindsided at the time. You have that effect." He began fiddling with his jumper, pushing the sleeves up to his elbows. "And then you were there, mocking Greg, the voice I'd heard on my laptop actually there, just metres from me, and I didn't know
John moved the phone away from his face, covering the microphone. "I don't know if I have the willpower whilst you're looking at me like that."
"No, I mean..." God, for a genius Sherlock was almost impossibly, irritatingly ignorant. It seemed to be a trait they both upheld admirably. "You and me. The both of us. Our... thing. We're good?"
John watched as Sherlock walked quietly towards him, feeling the heat in his cheeks become almost unbearable as the taller man got closer and closer until he was less than quarter of a metre away from him.
Neil was beginning to realise exactly what John thought of him.
than what it already is."
The change of topic jarred him. "I… no. Friends are unnecessary."
Sherlock wasn't completely ignorant. He knew that there was a chance that John would never understand the nature of their relationship and that he would go on seeing Sherlock as his best friend – something that certainly could be construed as progression seeing as Mike Stamford had once held that title, and truthfully Sherlock was somewhat smug about that fact – and, really, was that so terrible? Having witnessed the ebbs and flows of relationships over the years, Sherlock had long come to the conclusion that the strongest relationships were not necessarily those of a romantic quality; more accurately it seemed that the more enduring relationships were those rooted firmly within purely platonic boundaries, friendships having a higher survival rate than those of an amorous nature. The only real issue that could stem from this, as far as Sherlock could see, was if John found a willing romantic partner. Though he was aware that friendships could be sustained with someone who was embarking upon a meaningful relationship with someone of their choosing, he was also conscious of the fact that more often than not these friendships tended to change and become less important in the grand scheme of things.
Ah. Of course not. John quickly disentangled himself, his face flushing quickly as he brought his arms down to his sides and found himself nodding and then shaking his head, glancing up at the Sherlock who was still very close and then looked away, then back again. "Right, no. Sorry. Don't know what came over me."
"Yeah."
"And you
The very idea of Sherlock truly being that ignorant was almost too endearing to bear. John reached forward and grabbed the edge of the table, digging his fingertips in as subtly as he could as he fought what was becoming a rather familiar urge to reach out and touch the curly-haired genius currently staring at him like a doe caught in headlights.
"Harry -"
would ever change.
"Why not?!"
"Christ, don't tell me you printed it out and slept with it by your bed?" John found himself grinning despite his initial irritation. "Not that I wouldn't be flattered… and a bit weirded out, maybe…"
John groaned. "Please tell me I didn't interrupt something...
? Faded, well-worn
An hour of silence later – oh, well, other than the awkward moment where John had told Sherlock that he was really quite good at playing the violin and Sherlock had simply looked at the car seat in front of him, rolled his eyes and then continued to stare outside – they arrived outside of the Holmes' cottage, the sky that had been threatening to explode already having shattered the blue skies of earlier in the day and rained hard and fast in the last half an hour, enough that the path leading to the front door seemed to be one huge puddle and completely impossible to avoid. Sherlock had been out of the car like a shot, lithe and graceful as he had darted across the puddle whilst seemingly not even
"No rush," Mycroft said, turning on his heel and making his way to the opposite end of the hallway, "unless you particularly want to be interrogated by our mother as to the nature of yours and Sherlock's… friendship."
Wanda's head tilted to the side, disappointed. "Are you sure? I was thinking we could take a trip to Portsmouth today, enjoy the sunshine by the coast."
“... for five fucking years.”
. Fix any of those, all of them even, and you still won't find yourself without depression."
Slowly, so slowly that the room became silent but for the breaths of the two men seated within it, perhaps edged with the slight squeak of his chair, Sherlock turned until he was facing John. He allowed himself a moment of avoiding eye-contact, gathering his wits together and enforcing within his mind a gateway to which he would allow the words he would unleash to fall from his lips without resistance, before he finally met John’s apparently all-knowing gaze and began to speak:
"John, you -" Sherlock was pushing himself up slightly, frowning so intently that it was a little uncomfortable on his brow, " – I did not
He thought about pretending that he had no idea what she was talking about but, then again, what was the point? “I'm not sure you want to hear it.”
"We'll scrape through," Sherlock muttered, lifting a slice of toast to his lips and taking a small bite. "Mustn't let the government fall apart without you."
"No!"
him -
?" Wanda practically shrieked the word, so incensed as she was. "Sherlock, you didn't tell John you played?" She didn't give him a chance to speak. "Oh,
"He's tone deaf, though, so it's hardly a pleasant experience."
"Thank you."
felt in regards to them. "Jesus. He's a mess. It kind of explains..."
Sherlock smiled slightly, starting to walk again, indicating with his head that John should follow – as if there was any doubt that he would. "So your actual type is more likely the exact opposite of Sally Donovan. Fair hair, perhaps blue but more likely green eyes, pale skin, likely to have been younger than you -"
Eventually it did.
And then they were, locked on his, so briefly that John wondered if he had imagined it – but no, there was no one else who could evoke that sort of fire within him, no one else who could make him feel the way he was feeling and he couldn't even remember the girl's name, had there even been a girl anyway? Had there ever been anyone but
"Doing... it?"
"Which is fine by us," Tim interjected, shrugging lightly, "it's not up to us what you do with your lives after all."
He did not need a counsellor to tell him what was wrong.
"Yeah, you're doing a great job of convincing me," John said weakly, stepping back and almost falling over the chair. "Sherlock, I know you're feeling like... well, like shit, but you need to sit back down and
John tapped at the screen in his hazed, sleep-induced fog, hardly comprehending what he was typing.
Sherlock allowed a tiny nod. "Indeed. Does that change your mind about me? About our relationship?"
"I have enough money from working last year," John interrupted loudly, a strange roughness to his tone, utterly unfamiliar to both him and his father – he watched Neil's own eyebrows jerk upwards in surprise. "I really don't need your help."
The guilt in Greg's eyes intensified. "I didn't see any of the usual warning signs." He turned to John properly. "He gets quiet, quieter than usual, spends a lot of time in his room. He leaves the room whenever I walk in. He's edgy, not vocally but physically, pacing a lot and muttering to himself. There have always been signs in the past, I've always been able to get word to Mycroft before something happens but this time there
"All right. And are we still going to do the PAT business?"
"I..." The voice stopped, indecisive. "Would you call me your friend now? Is this what friendship is?"
” Sherlock's eyes blazed, unforgiving, unrelenting, undeniably past the point of reason. There was not, he knew, a single thing he would not do in order to make this man speak, and he was not entirely certain of retaining his own sanity if he were to reach that point. He allowed him one, final chance.
John brushed a thumb over the edge of Sherlock’s jaw. “Disarray.”
Sherlock's responding glance was full of disgust. "Don't be ridiculous. Colours are unimportant."
He leaned over to his bedside cabinet, pulling the half-empty bottle of water from its resting place and quickly taking a swig, watching the 'typing' icon from the corner of his eye. It felt like much later than 5:30 in the afternoon.
"You aren't wrong," John said with a polite laugh, watching with a somewhat apprehensive gaze as she fumbled with her door key; she eventually managed to get the door open, pushing the door wide and dragging John through into a beautiful kitchen, Aga stove and huge fridge-freezer amidst a myriad of country-style kitchen counters, the most amazing smells coming from the oven – John's mouth instantly began to water, his stomach growling all too loudly as it reminded him cruelly that he hadn't eaten more than a few handfuls of stale cornflakes in five days.
And then there was Sherlock. But that was a whole different ballgame, in so many bloody ways.
Mycroft's tone was full of steel. "You underestimate the hope it would bring to my brother's current condition."
The man fell into step by his side, large hands shoved into his pockets as his shoulders raised in a casual shrug. "But you're here, aren't you? That has to mean I'm doing something right."
people."
This interested her. "Do you have a lot of students to advise?"
me, but of course you can't help me, an utterly ridiculous notion that someone like you could help someone like me -"
All that mattered, right now, was approximately 65 miles away from him.
The smirk upon Mycroft's face deepened. "This isn't a test, John, you don't need to try and impress anyone."
"From what Sherlock has said to me it sounds as if you were rather particular in your phrasing upon your confrontation in Greenwich Park; there was no mention of considering alternatives to your, ah,
Silence. John waited with wavering patience until Sherlock slowly sat.
“The thing is -” John was brought out of his reverie by her voice, at which point he straightened his shoulders and nodded, pulling his focus back to their conversation of before. He met her gaze as she spoke. “ - you talk about not trying to be different, not trying to change, but that seems a little harsh considering who you're talking to, considering what you're going through. Don't you think?”
"We don't have to do that," John murmured, pushing forward gently to brush a kiss, two kisses, three against Sherlock's somewhat swollen lips, "we don't have to. We can just kiss, no tongue, it's fine -"
way -
"All right." Sherlock looked down at his lap. "You know that I have... no experience in these sorts of things. Literally, none."
John sighed. "
"I'm relatively certain that someone had sex in my bedroom."
"Stop looking at me like I'm out of control, I am
… because I longed to hear it again. Longed for it. I have never longed for a single thing in my entire life yet I longed for the man lying in front of me to say my name like it mattered again, again, again. And I realised it. I realised what had happened."
Oh holy fucking
John’s hand falls gently to his side. His eyes, despite the small smile playing on his lips, are guarded. “There. Was that so hard?”
Sherlock shoved his hands deeper into his pockets. "We're not children, Mother. We don't need to
Another bark of laughter, followed by more wet coughing; John had to force himself to remain where he stood, his odd sense of loyalty to Sherlock making him utterly determined not to embarrass his friend by unintentionally insulting Lewis. "Lovely, lovely. Sorry 'bout that," he pointed to his throat, shrugging, "comes and goes."
... well, this was just uncomfortable. He forced himself to keep talking. "What is it that you would want me to be if not this?" His large hands gestured down his body, knowing that John wouldn't see the exact motion but would hopefully understand.
John folded his arms across his chest, the old familiar frustration threatening to make an appearance. "Would you really rather that I had told you? That I'd sat you down tonight and said, 'it's great that you play the violin, oh, and by the way, Greg told me that you're in love with me'? That's what you would have wanted?"
For a moment he didn't think that the counsellor would respond, so fixed and static was his gaze; it was unsettling in its intensity and John genuinely began to consider simply walking from the room, but suddenly Jim reached out and grabbed a pen at the edge of his desk, using his other hand to pull a post-it note towards him. "All right. I know what to I'm going to do."
. The concept was still novel, frustrating, damaging but it was the same sort of damage caused by the pinprick of a needle and shimmering golden liquid – an addict, he was an addict and he knew it and at that moment he did not care because he was getting his fill and feeling the fierce rush of adrenaline through his body.
John's tongue darted out to rid his lips of excess moisture, letting his head sink back down into the pillows beneath him. A cloud of Sherlock's scent washed up and over him – so they were Sherlock's pillows. Sherlock had gone upstairs and got him his own pillows. He pushed out sound from the recesses of his throat and winced slightly at the weak, gravelly tone which escaped from between his lips. "Been better."
"Believe me when I say that I haven't needed your help in a very, very long time, Dad. And if Mum says you're having money issues then I don't doubt her for a second. I don't know where you got that money from or how you think it's as easy as handing me a wad of cash and suddenly everything'll be okay, but
card again, managing to avoid Sherlock's cruel hand of destruction on his knee, though they all soon discovered Sherlock's disturbingly acute observation skills when the
, so very useless. “Now hang about, you can't just demand -”
"But you
Yes, that was exactly what he'd expected and the expectation didn't make it any easier to hear; his sigh was full of unspoken thoughts, fluttering around him like sadistic reminders of his situation. "Right."
“My point is, I probably
John got out of his chair immediately, heading over to the light switch. "Sorry, I don't tend to put the lights on -"
Mycroft pushed himself out of the chair, voice almost dangerously quiet. “No, brother mine, I don’t think that you will. You will tell me what you came here to say and then you will return back to Well Place to look after John, as you promised to do.”
"Really? Because -"
Had it not come from Sherlock's lips John was relatively sure that the simple request would have had no reasonable effect whatsoever; as it happened the imploring tone alongside Sherlock's nebulous gaze whipped up within him an ache-filled yearning to throw the teenager back down on the bed and pin his wrists above his head - no, it was far too intense, far too strong, these feelings of want and need and desperation, it was completely inappropriate when Sherlock was genuinely asking to be taught how to kiss... John would have to work very hard indeed to suppress the appetite he had never realised could be quite so powerful within his own body: Sherlock was a beginner. Sherlock had never been in a similar situation with a man
"Wanda," Tim said quietly, dipping a piece of toast into the centre of his egg, "leave them be."
“Is this a therapy session?” His tone was curt, a cutting and sarcastic enquiry; instantly he regretted it, seeing her eyebrows raise high behind her fringe and the tightening of her jaw. He raised his hands out in surrender, or perhaps more likely in defence. “I'm sorry. For that. And for the bad marks. I know... I know it's not what you expect from me.”
about this for a moment."
Mycroft raised his eyes to the ceiling. “Which is it? As you said, brother mine, I don’t have all night. Some of us have jobs to get to tomorrow morning.”
at someone. Not everyone has x-ray vision, Sherlock. Not everyone looks at people the way that you do."
There was something in it... there was nothing in it. John felt his palms begin to tingle, a clamminess beginning to make itself known as he stood and tried as hard as he could to maintain eye-contact – yes, it was very much the hunter and the hunted. He did not want to break eye-contact. That would leave him vulnerable.
“So.” John rubbed his palms over his jeans, surprised to find his hands were clammy. “You want me to go alone.”
She shook her head slowly, an odd flush rising to her cheeks. "It's one of my favourite novels of all time, especially as I met Sherlock's father at one of the village balls when I was seventeen."
... it's new. It's terrifying. I know that, I can see that in every word you're saying to me but running is not the answer. Do you hear me? Can you hear the words that I'm saying?" Nothing was enough, these words were just not enough. "
There was a gratifying moment of silence before Katie's voice piped up once more, sounding louder than before. "If you tell her whether she needs to give you her guitar or not she might stop, John."
Striding into the building and running his fingers through his hair, breathing hard and trying as subtly as possible to catch his breath, John cast a glance back at his friend. "What are you doing here?"
His eyes narrowed, focusing sharply upon the fingertips drumming the arm of the conservatory sofa.
Silence met this harsh, microcosmic view of their childhood and, for the life of him, John could not find the words to say. She had said the words with little-to-no emotion, yet behind the lack of feeling was clearly a lot of hurt, even damage... he had always known that the way she had acted out as a teenager had caused a rift between her and their mother, that much was obvious, but it struck him as they sat in his childhood bedroom together, in closer amicable proximity than they probably had
"I'm not going anywhere."
think you'd walked into?"
"You have no idea," Sherlock muttered, reaching up and touching his lips with his fingertips. "I didn't even notice you when I first walked in, I just saw the usual cluster of people and planned on escaping as soon as I possibly could. When Greg first said your name I genuinely thought… I thought…"
"John! Oh my god, you actually
Poor Sherlock.
As he laughed and sipped and groaned his way through the everlasting game, he found himself waiting for those movements. He caught himself staring at Sherlock's arm from time to time, once even glancing up to find Sherlock looking at him in a covert sideways glance, John's cheeks instantly on fire and his eyes darting away, a laugh bubbling from his throat as he threw himself into interacting with the game as enthusiastically as possible so as not to let on that he was feeling rather odd and actually finding the pressure of Sherlock's arm on his... well, sort of
Greg nodded, eyes shining as he pulled two more bottles forward on the sideboard. "Sambuca. Tequila. Jagermeister.
Wanda stared at her eldest son like he was a spectre at a feast; it would have been funny if the situation wasn't so bum-clenchingly awkward. "I'm... I'm not
"For goodness sake," Sherlock said, his tone utterly bemused, "we've been working together for two years, why would I risk ruining that now? When there's so much more to do?"
A inexplicable flutter in John's stomach made him feel suddenly both confused and a little ill; he forced himself to remain casual, taking a small sip of his drink as he whispered back as subtly as possible. "Why do you say that?"
to which John would always reply, terribly and unfailingly sincere,
"I would if you stopped interrupting me every five seconds!"
"But we can schedule another appointment for next week, if you'd like?"
of different expressions over their time together, but never quite like this. "Tell me to be quiet if I'm being too pushy -"
Sherlock waited on the threshold, once again still in his dinner clothes. "Did I wake you?"
Now she stood, putting her glasses back on and looking down at him with a mixture of sympathy and steeliness, an odd combination that made John's stomach tense. “I understand that you don't want to explain things to me, John, but I simply cannot fathom the idea that you care so little about your degree that you're unwilling to give me something to work with. I'm your personal tutor and so yes, you're right that it's my job to make sure you don't fail, but more importantly it's in my
"I'm not meaning to be disrespectful by any count," he assured them all in those well-spoken, silken tones, "quite the contrary. I'm merely trying to respect
Greg’s mouth fell open.
Sherlock allowed his eyes to flit to John's. "Really?"
Well. He’d have to be specific
He listened to the roar of wheels on the road against the silence for a few moments. "He is all I am thinking of."
"Then why are you laughing at me?"
John's whole body jerked with anticipation. "What? He's at Greenwich Park? Did Sherlock tell him that?"
"It's not that I don't think it's a good idea," he said quickly, widening his eyes to appear earnest about the possibility of a party, "it's just... I have two early seminars tomorrow and I should probably go to them. And if we have a party tonight – not that I'm saying it's
When John next awoke to the familiar taste of emptiness, he could not recall having thrown his phone under the desk and out of sight.
I'm sorry, academic failures? I'm still passing the course, if you didn't realise
"I can handle myself," Sherlock practically growled, his grip on the glass turning his knuckles white, "I don't need you to pity me, John Watson."
An odd pang shot through John's stomach, momentarily breaking through the cloying fog. His fingers began typing before he could even wrap his head around the idea that he should stop.
"No, absolutely not," John had protested, glancing over at the shopping list and plucking a bag of carrots from a towering pile, "he would have
"What the hell are you going to do?"
"Mycroft sent me a text before I came downstairs."
Much like John had been.
With a sigh and a small shrug, Greg slipped the phone back into his pocket and met John's gaze one more time. "If I did we wouldn't be in this mess in the first place... but he's right. It's not me he should be with."
When the young man turned back to face the living room, satisfied with having had the last word, John was awkwardly hovering in the doorway with his arms shoved in his pockets; the house was so quiet now. The lamp in the corner of the room was a bright one, yet the glow it emitted was a warm light, yellow, casting a burnished glaze to everything in the room and was making John – along with the warmth of the house in general – feel rather drowsy. But he was here with Sherlock and they had a conversation to have, though what Sherlock would have to say was unknown to him. His plan had been to send that text of support to him and leave it there, leave it until Sherlock felt ready to bring it up… which he hadn’t expected to happen for at least a few weeks. The fact that the clearly exhausted twenty-six year old wanted to talk about it now was slightly unnerving, though there was no real reason to be concerned.
John forced a shrug, feigning nonchalance despite knowing that Mycroft would not be taken in by it. "Good thing I'm wearing a jumper, then."
John pushed aside these thoughts; it wouldn't do him any good to dwell on it when it was unlikely to ever happen. Instead he splashed some warm water onto his face, rubbing it hard with a towel before refreshing his deodorant and changing his t-shirt to the white shirt he'd hurriedly packed at the last minute; on top of this he put the grey jumper he had worn to Sherlock's the last night he'd seen him. It smelled vaguely of the beef bourguignon he'd been cooking that night but hopefully with the smells of Wanda's chicken it wouldn't be noticeable.
"No," John mumbled, stirring in his bed amidst the mountain of course material he'd been attempting to read before falling into his usual late afternoon nap, waving his hand towards his (slightly dented) laptop which now (after three days of sitting on the floor) was sitting back on the chair. He kept his eyes closed, uninterested in whoever was bothering him, pulling his arms in tight to his chest.
Katie's voice came out again. "Do you fancy a lesbian?"
"I didn't think you had."
Tim chortled to himself, leaning out of his window momentarily. "Looks like you weren't wrong about Greg being a bad influence on him, dear."
"Fine," John said bluntly, striding over to where the frying pan sat ready and waiting, switching on the gas and lighting the flame, "go and carry on sulking in your room and I'll do it."
have a short fuse, don't you?" Mycroft sounded mildly amused by the idea. "My brother is currently in bed at three o'clock in the afternoon, does that answer your question?"
John's brow creased into a frown. "What? What do you mean I sound like a girl?"
He wasn't quite sure what William meant, but he didn't want to make things worse by changing the subject. "What is it I should be aware of?"
It had gone completely from John's mind. "Er, you may have to remind me."
Mycroft straightened up slightly; he was not oblivious to how guarded John had become, yet clearly he still wanted to press the matter – to John's relief, he did not. "Then one more word of warning: Sherlock does not want you to be here. He is... delicate. Do not expect a warm welcome."
His eyes found his reflection in the mirror.
John narrowed his eyes at the floor. "Fine. Obviously I care about him, Greg, that much is obvious. He's my best mate."
"Or, y'know. If you want to... entertain me."
"John?"
John waited for this to settle into his system so that he could properly understand. "A car. There's a car waiting to drive him home?"
Sherlock was already standing there. The towel was still in his hand.
what… well, he had no idea.
John's eyebrows shot up. "What, that's it? I don't have to... I don't know, lie down and tell you about my childhood?"
that I... was... smiling."
“Don’t get too used to it, John. Sentiment is
put it – an ego boost. So why
"Phone's broken," John quickly lied, knowing his excuse to be lame but lacking the motivation to think of something better. "It's knackered, can't get calls or texts."
Sherlock's voice was almost hoarse. "So… you mean to say…"
"...yes..."
"Which I'm sure you revelled in."
A small smile flitted over John's lips. "I know."
"The bacon, Tim!" Wanda interrupted in dismay, staring at the dish with eyes as round as saucers, looking utterly horrified. "What did you do to the bacon?"
John still did not look at him as his fingers slowly pried the lid from the top of the dark bottle. He left it a few moments before responding, smile gone but tone still casual. "Call it what you want, it's still going to taste better than anything you've ever eaten."
John could not stop. Peals of laughter shot around the garden, loud enough that eyes from the kitchen began to peek outside, so loud and long that Sherlock began to look concerned for his friend's sanity, reaching out with a hand but not quite touching him.
"Oh no, not now – it's
"I really may have to rethink this whole tutoring business." The amusement was back, less condescension. "Your mind is far slower than I know what to do with."
Speaking of which – he pulled out his phone and began to quickly type a message, barely looking at the screen as he completed and sent it.
He'd fucked up by being honest about something real, something which was partly defining his waking moments, and now he had to deal with the consequences.
Sherlock frowned beside him. "I wasn't
"Yeah right," Greg snorted, pulling out his phone. "Sent him a text but no answer. D'you think he went to his dealer?"
John attempted to think this through and came up with nothing. "So... what are you trying to say to me?"
Sherlock slammed the knife down, the echoing sound followed by the smack of hands against marble. "Oh, so I'm a drama-queen now?"
bed you can manage perfectly well in John’s.” The twisted grimace was back; it looked almost as if his brain had forgotten quite
He didn't hear from Sherlock again until Sunday evening.
He considered this. "I could play for you before then, if you… want me to."
And she was out of the door without another glance back, though in stark contrast to Sherlock's calm she slammed the door and left them both with the sound of it ringing in their ears. John glanced at him. "Well. She's nice."
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock went to move away again. "All right, no need to get all dramatic on me; you're worse than Mycro-"
"That was my initial intention, yes. But intentions aren't always... simple to follow through." William suddenly sounded exhausted, slightly confused. "I don't know, these sorts of things are usually beyond me. I understand the science behind them of course, that much is very easy to understand -"
An intake of breath. A steadying of emotions.
John opened his eyes as the pressure suddenly disappeared, letting his breath out in a sharp burst. He watched Sherlock throw the flannel carelessly onto the table and replace it with the carefully folded shirt sitting beside the bowl, both of them avoiding each other's eyeline as John shifted forward on the seat and fought another groan at how stiff and unwilling his body felt at the movement; the ticking of the clock as ever counting the seconds of silence.
The woman stared at him.
John's defences rose slightly. "I did."
He pulled out his phone without even thinking about it, too edgy and too impatient to stop himself, thumbs hammering out a message and sending it in less than a minute:
John glanced around him warily, all too conscious of the people walking by, all of whom could very easily figure out what was going on behind him. "Sherlock, if I haven't said this already I think this is a
"In my pants."
"My thoughts precisely," Mycroft murmured, scrolling through his phone and finding John Watson's number, stored there a week ago. "Let's go to his next likely addiction, shall we?"
Christ, he was too drunk for this. "Ask... what?"
"Naturally," Sherlock murmured, turning and bolting from the room and taking two steps at a time to get to his bedroom as he tore the shirt from his body and threw it in the corner, not bothering to close the door. His cheeks were burning. He was blushing.
John's cheeks flushed. Christ. This was just... it made no sense. "Believe me, Sherlock, nothing about that situation was enjoyable. I can't see what could possibly be enjoyable about you going off on a power trip and taking advantage of me when I'm -"
Jaw locking and leaning back slightly, John found his arms rising to fold over his chest – defensive, unwilling. "Right. It's that bad, is it?"
He was not expecting the voice.
He smiled back, taking one last glance in his reflection before he nodded and started to leave the room. "All right. Time to go and face Sherlock's ridicule."
A brief smile flitted across John's face, his head tilting slightly to one side. "Wanna bet?"
it to me, Sherlock." It was a demand. There was no room for compromise. "Give it to me or I'm calling Mycroft."
Small, golden and secluded; perhaps eight or nine people were wandering up the shoreline, dogs on leads and small children dashing at the water's edge whilst adults looked on in apparent amusement – John could hear as Tim pulled the car over to park the voices of parents calling to their children to take their shoes off, dogs barking and circling their owners, the sun beaming down in a glorious wave of heat that was entirely pleasant and not at all overwhelming. As John stepped out of the car and breathed in deeply, a warm breeze brushing past his body and filling him with easy contentment, he found that he was actually relieved that the day had not gone as planned. Here they were, in the middle of nowhere as Wanda had rightly predicted, and he couldn't have possibly felt more grounded and centred than he did at that moment; he glanced behind him over the car roof at Sherlock, whose eyes were watching not the families but instead the slow ebb and flow of the water, and felt a little bubble of happiness and – he couldn't help it – anticipation at what their day could possibly hold in store for them.
"Mm." Sherlock stared at him, slightly incredulous. "I suppose that means I am, too."
but he had never thought of it being in a different way, a defining way,
"I'll have to have some proof of this magical skill in the kitchen before he goes back in September," she mused, winding her way around a bush of berries and idly plucking one off to pop into her mouth. "You'll have to help me convince him though, John, I imagine I'll need your input!"
"Apologise to your mother," Tim ordered quietly, his own eyes on his wife rather than his youngest son. "And do as she says. Sit down."
“I believe you have something of mine.”
Greg flumped back into the armchair. "Buggered if I know."
of that, calm down! For one, I can't control the weather -"
“Oh.” One slow blink later and John was concerned he may have fallen asleep for a few moments. “No. No, you wanted to talk to me. I’m awake.” He shook himself a little, widening his eyes and forcing himself to meet Sherlock’s stare. “I’m fine, I’m awake.”
William dropped his half-smoked cigarette to the ground and crushed it with his heel, bringing the glass of wine up to his lips and taking a long sip. "Not at all. I'm glad you've found something to substitute for happiness, and alcohol probably
Tim tried one last time. "Please, dear, just let the boy handle things in his own way."
think of you."
eat it."
"I know," John agreed impatiently, mimicking Sherlock's stance as he folded his arms over his chest. "But I don't want you to be ordinary. If I wanted you to be ordinary, I'd... well." The tiniest of warmth in his voice – a smile. A small one, true, but a smile nonetheless. "I'd be talking to Mike in the dark instead of you."
forced into a state of guilt for assuming that it was entirely your fault that I had overreacted in such a ridiculous fashion and therefore were put under unnecessary duress which
Gritting his teeth, John decided that he'd had enough. He'd bloody well go down there. He strode towards the shoes discarded by the door, stuffing a foot in roughly. "Forget it. I'll find out for myself."
"I would prefer if you wouldn't."
"My apologies, remind me not to ask you anything in the future..."
Oh god. He still had to figure out where he was living next year. "Yeah, we can't stay in campus accommodation."
your circumstances."
," Katie whispered conspiratorially.
"What's
“Wrong.” Mycroft laid the newspaper beside him and lifted his hands slowly to steeple beneath his chin. “I am your older brother and your state of mind is something of importance, whether you choose to believe it or not. If you'll cast your mind back, you'll recall that the last time another human being cast such a weight upon you, you ended up in a hospital bed with no assurances that you would ever fully recover. This isn't just about you, Sherlock.” He cleared his throat, glancing away. “It's about all of us.”
John narrowed his eyes as he looked up at his so-called friend. "You're a bastard."
His...
He turns, the room a blur of low-lighting and ice-blue intensity. His lips separate and the words escape without a moment to spare:
"I… what?" The duvet cover was suddenly ripped away, John's face looming above his with wrinkles of amusement and disbelief creasing at his eyes. "I didn't mean
Turning on the spot, heart hammering, breath hitching, thoughts reaching a point where they no longer had a place in this he took a defiant step forward – but he didn't have to take any more steps now. The one step was enough.
"Wanda," Tim chided, "you're gossiping."
Greg nodded, the all-knowing drinking-game King. "For those who don't know, the Dirty Pint is the pint glass in the middle. Every time you pick up an Ace, you add some of
He could barely type the four letters, hands shaking so hard he had to type them with a single finger.
"Frizzy," Sherlock muttered, shifting from one foot to another. "Rough to the touch."
Somehow, an hour later, they managed to pull together a dinner that was actually quite tasty. There had been a few moments of panic ("John, I forgot to switch the oven on at the socket." - "John, the chicken smells funny, is it supposed to smell like that?" - "John, the chicken is still pink, should I put it back in?" - "John, the little red light on the oven has gone out, I think I broke it.") and the chicken ended up a little overcooked, but generally speaking it was a dinner that was worth the time it took to make. Greg brought down his television from his bedroom and set it up on the coffee table, connecting up John's laptop to it via HDMI cable and putting on some sort of British black comedy which had both Greg and John chuckling through mouthfuls of food and even had Sherlock briefly smirking from time to time (before realising his fatal error and returning his facial features to a look of mild indifference). Sherlock only had half a chicken breast and a few mouthfuls of rice but, considering he had actually eaten a proper meal the day before, it was an impressive effort and made even better by his rave review of 'it wasn't entirely offensive on my pallet'.
"Oh, well." John stepped past Mycroft and offered his hand to shake, unsure if this was the way to do things; the woman didn't seem even slightly put-out, taking his hand and shaking it delicately. "It's very nice to meet you."
John nodded. Yes. He'd made his decision. "I'll text him tomorrow. Arrange dinner or something. Spend some time repairing the damage I probably did being a complete arse tonight. Could you possibly bugger off somewhere so we can have the house to ourselves?"
John stared at the words, shaking his head slowly back and forth as he took in the man's pure, ridiculous ignorance.
It was too much, it was too harsh, it was... well. It was what it was. It was Harry. It was Harry speaking her mind, like she always did, and not much caring whether she did it with sensitivity. The clock on the mantelpiece was ticking too loudly, the whirr of the extractor fan was too sharp, the quick and shallow breaths Sharon was taking were too audible. It was hell. This was hell. It couldn't have been worse, not at all, not even slightly and John didn't know which way to turn. He didn't want his mother to be hurt, he didn't want Neil to feel guilty, he didn't want Harry to silence herself. He had no fucking clue what to do, wished he had never fucking spoken, and fuck it all anyway because what did it matter if he had depression when he had
John was staring at him in such a way that it made him feel bare, vulnerable, completely naked to the elements and the atmosphere around him – oh, how far he would go to prove a point. How far out of his comfort zone he would step in order to prove John Watson so very, very wrong.
Placing his hand against the wall John pushed against it has hard as he could, determined not to react and happy to take it out on the furniture around him if necessary. "I assume that means you think I'm going to hurt him, hm? You think I don't... value him?"
John grinned back. "That depends. Do you have a vacancy?"
The man reached out and took the small suitcase from John's right hand, walking towards the back of the car and pulling a door open for him. "If you'd like to get comfortable, sir, I'll put this in the boot for you."
"As I said." The edge of warning in Sherlock's voice was startling. "I'll take care of him from here."
She was laughing, clearly enjoying herself. "Yeah, I remember. You aren't gay. Just gay for him. So how was it?"
John's phone buzzed in his pocket.
"So you
"Mm?" Sherlock's eyes swept back to the direction of John's own waiting stare, still distracted. "What?"
Her lips made a slight moue, disappointment evident. "Oh, well, that's a shame. I'd hoped you meet a nice girl there, so many intelligent young women wandering about the place. None that have caught your eye yet?"
"And?"
"Do you want to sleep?"
Her lips twitched at the corners. "Your appointment. Next Tuesday, midday." Sherlock forced a curt nod. "All right then, next Tuesday it is! How are you feeling?"
"Fuck my parents," John swore, incensed and overtly impassioned, "I don't care what they think. It's really not about that, Sherlock, I swear to you. I just... if we're going to try, we need to be careful. Because I meant what I said before, all right? Our friendship, I'm not going to risk losing it. It's more important to me than any
"If you'd like to sleep for a little longer, that's absolutely fine -"
, I was talking about – no, all right, maybe it
"How did I..." The laptop almost falling to the ground, John's hand coming down heavily on the keyboard. "Oh. I did do that."
"Are you feeling sick?"
of a friendship with me is utterly absurd!"
Sherlock stared at him incredulously. "What do you
was nice, just as comforting as the firm grasp but even better because it overturned the gasp and turned it into a small sigh. It happened once more, a little more pronounced and over a wider area of skin which made it even more pleasant; it was almost distracting, taking away from the throbbing or at least giving him the option of thinking about the caress rather than the ache. He hummed low in his throat and then felt a flush of embarrassment rise quickly to his already warm face, something telling him that responding like that was a bit odd and not really what he should be doing when it was – ah, yes, Sherlock's thumb, Sherlock comforting him.
"John?"
Gosh, it's been a while, hasn't it? Thing is, life kind of grabs you by the hair and demands that you take notice, especially when things keep changing and challenges arise... blah,
John snatched the phone from Sherlock's grasp, shooting him a sleepy, irritated glare. "
was what John was referring to in terms of aching intensity.
Desire begged.
Sherlock reached out with a gloved hand – when had he put gloves on? – and nodded. "Take care, Lewis. I'll be in touch."
His twin grinned, crossing her ankles and settling back against the wall as she had been before their conversation had taken a rather deeper turn. “Sure you weren't. You two been keeping in touch since you came home?”
intent. He'd already figured that out.
"God-fucking-
By the time the first day was done – notes typed up with a few of the less jokey of his own opinions and responses left in – he was completely wiped out; there had been a few moments whilst compiling his notes that he had wanted to quickly fit in a nap, moments where his mind had drifted off and he'd found himself staring blankly at the door and wondering why he was even bothering when he was still likely to fail the course after the extreme damage he'd already done to his grades. It was undeniable, however, that once he'd sent off the notes to William with a single, impersonal line of text (
"Trust me," John cut across him in gentle tones, nodding reassuringly, "just... trust me. Kiss me."
"Indeed. Are we going to talk about your counselling session yet?"
Sherlock glanced at John again; he showed no signs of being involved in their conversation. Sherlock's brow wrinkled slightly, wanting to broach the subject of what was on his mind yet not knowing how to without either sounding like an arsehole or raising Greg's suspicions. “Am I to assume that she asked questions?”
doing awake at 3am?"
"Oh, tons," William said in low, sarcastic tones. "I've already been propositioned three times and it's not even midnight."
He started from the beginning of the evening. "We had kept up a pretence of a sexual relationship for the sake of irritating my brother, something to entertain me; he went along with it without question, he saw nothing in it. But yesterday, yesterday he asked for me to clear it up with Mycroft. He asked me to specify what we actually are rather than continue the charade. I agreed. I planned to tell him that we were merely friends."
He could not. "I can't even say it aloud to myself. I'm not sure I've even thought it. Not what you're asking. Not those words."
"Don't encourage him, Greg," Sherlock muttered, doing up his coat rapidly with his long, dexterous fingers, "he'll think he can get away without paying anything towards the bills forever."
Tim offered him a grateful smile; Wanda allowed herself to be distracted. "Well, we know about you now. The two of you are obviously very close."
, I'm not trying to get you to tell me
Back at square one. "Fine. We're both too scared." His lips curved up into a humourless smile, his shoulder raising in a sharp shrug as he backed away and towards his bedroom door. "Let's leave it there, then, shall we? I'll pack and leave tomorrow. This was clearly the mistake I was trying to avoid and now it's... done. I realise that now."
"It's a simple act, John, I am not asking the world of you." Yes he was. He was. He knew it. "Open your eyes and stop being so unfailingly stubborn."
As he smiled at the camera without even needing to try, he decided that, yes, it was possible. Entirely possible.
"Just to him, I hope," John teased, reaching out with a socked foot and nudging Sherlock's shin with his toe. "Besides, I'm feeling fine. I haven't needed to talk to him."
Jim stared at him for a few moments with his increasingly intense deep brown eyes before finally he leaned forward, his eyes still fixed wholly upon his patient. "John, I hope you don't mind me saying so, but... I can't help but wonder if perhaps you're just having second thoughts about counselling. It wouldn't be the first time, though admittedly it may well be the first time that someone's bothered to come up with a reason!" He laughed, a warm sound. "But it's my duty to you, as your assigned counsellor, to recommend that you don't walk away if you're having second thoughts. Push through. I can't impress upon you the...
"Fine. All right." He dragged in a deep breath. "No, Harry, you don't need to give me your guitar."
John did not feel he needed to explain. “All of it.”
John shook his head, his mind racing.
Hesitant, and with a flash of what Mycroft could only describe within his emotionally-limited processes as
Sherlock frowned, bewildered. "Why do you
"I agree," Katie said, surprising John; he'd forgotten she was there.
So desperate to escape this situation as he was, Johns head began to nod, words falling out of his mouth before he could stop them.
John watched as Sherlock climbed onto the rock next to John's, waiting until the man was facing him again to give his answer; it was literally like being a child again, the same fierce joy ripping through him simply from playing a game of make-believe. He gladly ignored the very obvious fact that he was twenty-three years old. "I'll accept nothing less than first mate, Captain. Anything less than that and you can kill me where I stand. I'd rather a bullet to the head than the shame of joining your crew as anything less than your right-hand man."
– I just want you to come home and
"All right boys, time to get the food into the dining room!" Wanda floated to them with a smile that was far too smug, holding a tureen full of sausages – were they having the entire village over for breakfast?! - and a pile of plates, winding her way through the space between them and the counter and heading towards the dining room. "Tim, make sure you're not over-cooking that bacon!"
" - that's when you break. That's when it comes out. That's when you tell the truth."
Sighing inwardly, John felt his fingers shift to rake his hair, hating every second of this conversation with a dull passion. "Mike... I'm just so
"Mary." Sharon let the name settle between them for a moment, her head nodding ever so slightly. "What a nice name. Tell me more about her! Have you been out on a date with her yet?"
over the last few days in regards to technique; there was no awkward over-dynamism or static hesitance anymore, it was all a constant ebb and flow of rhythm and gentle, insistent movement. He waited until he could feel Sherlock propelling himself forward into the kiss, the slight shake of his body beneath John's as he used his upper-body strength to push himself further up and into where their lips were joined encouraging John to take the next step, separating his lips and breathing out onto the soft texture that seemed to stretch and yearn towards him, to taste and understand: Sherlock's apparent craving for him was the most delicious validation that John had ever experienced and it felt like the most natural thing in his world to let his tongue skate lightly over Sherlock's lower lip, not going any further so as to let Sherlock know that the pacing was all on him, completely within his control. A finger escaped from his gentle grip on Sherlock's shoulder and edged towards his friend's collarbone, the ensuing whispering caress over the warm skin causing the man below him to shiver, the tiniest tremble that exhaled in a shaking breath as Sherlock's lips seemed to part more.
"Greg," Greg muttered, but still he shut the door after John and followed the two of them into the warm, cosy living room and sat himself down on one of the old, worn- looking leather sofas. Mycroft sat in a large, mismatched leather armchair and waited for John to settle next to Greg, watching as John awkwardly shifted and eventually stilled.
"Yes. The moment you mentioned it I was filled with a blaze of triumph, a genuine thrill; perhaps I should have realised at that moment that I was without control of the situation, that if I did meet you I would find my intent to disregard the growing sentiment completely scuppered, yet I didn't see it. I didn't acknowledge it. I simply encouraged you, rather desperately I might add, to go to Greg's party, all the while utterly certain of the outcome."
Sherlock's eyes were closed once more, body slack as he sat unmoving opposite his friend. "I told you why."
To compare it to what he had done in the park would have been like comparing logic and sentiment.
them!"
"Mm?" She paused in her humming, looking over at him with a smile. "Yes, dear?"
John offered a tiny grin. "Enjoy your nightmares."
The level of sheer intensity on Sherlock's face would have been laughable if it hadn't been such a delicate situation; he was staring at John as if he couldn't quite understand what he was hearing, his body frozen in fear or shock or suspicion, impossible to tell but either way he could not seem to process the information he had just been given. John didn't know whether to say something or leave him to digest or kick him a bit; apparently he didn't know much of anything today. This wasn't exactly a run of the mill situation for him.
“In my years of observation I have not been idle. I have taken note of everything, no matter how ridiculous or unimportant the details have seemed to me. I told you that I have watched people in their relationships, their friendships, their acquaintanceships – I have seen and I have absorbed and I have stored this information away. I have not understood until now the difference. But I do. Understand. John Watson -” his eyes closed briefly, the name suddenly carrying such significance that he could not allow himself to think too much of it now, “ – is my closest friend. And he is important beyond anyone else I have ever had the misfortune to meet.” He forced his eyes back open, verdigris gaze unwavering against Mycroft’s. “I will not pepper my confession with unnecessary declarations, nor will I say that I feel any particular sexual urges or desires. That is not what fuels what I… feel. I believe that I remain unaffected by that particular consequence of the hormones you so accurately described as currently flowing through my – what was it? – adolescent body.” He allowed a small, controlled smile. “But I am relatively sure of what the rest of my admittedly unwelcome emotions mean and therefore confirming what I said earlier as the undeniable truth.”
manage to stay quiet throughout the entire explanation; John went as far back as the day he first arrived, describing Sherlock's home, his family, the horrendous few days where it didn't look as if they'd ever get past Sherlock's new and awkward feelings. He found his voice shake slightly as he told her of Sherlock's outright confession of love, unable to look at his friend as he did so and finding his hands clenched as he moved on to the ball and seeing Sherlock in his tuxedo for the first time – none of that, of course, compared to trying to describe how it had felt to hear Sherlock play the violin, nor the tension between them the moment it had seemed that their alliance was over. By the time he reached their kiss his hands were trembling, so tightly they were curled; he was just reaching the point where their lips first touched when he felt a hand suddenly rest, light and warm, over his wrist; he broke off mid-sentence, eyes instantly upon Sherlock's. The sheer heat, raw adoration and genuine emotion in the teenager's eyes was almost enough to completely unspool him, his desire to hang up on his sister welling up powerfully within him until his thumb hesitated over the end-call button and he genuinely considered doing just that -
"You weren't concentrating," the sandy-haired young man said without sympathy, one hand on his hip as he watched Sherlock try to keep his hand steady underneath the flow of cold water, "you should consider yourself lucky. It could have been far worse."
My expectations are only as high as they should be considering your marks before this odd little downfall of yours. You were evidently well on your way to earning the equivalent of a first in your pre-medical year until a month ago, so it grieves me that you consider your current gradings as acceptable. I was under the impression that you were intending to bring your marks back up again, hence our current conversation, however I may have to consider the possibility that I am wrong.
"Why didn't you tell me it was this bad?" Sherlock's voice was low, demanding. "You should have said something, we could have made a bandage and stopped the flow far better than you managed to – look at yourself, your shirt is
He decided to play it carefully.
Slowly, Sherlock allows the hand holding the bow to fall to his side; he leaves the violin, though. It’s oddly comforting, settled against his shoulder, the weight of an old friend.
A flicker of amused interest made its way onto Greg's face. "So something might happen?"
"What?"
When she did speak, she was back to talking about the ball. "I can't wait for you to see the hall, John. It's beautiful. You drive up this long, torch-lit driveway to the house – we don't use the village hall, it's actually someone's country house about an hour's drive from here – and you get led through these lovely heavy double doors and through the marble-floored entrance hall and into the ballroom, chandeliers and a raised platform for the performers... my, listening to myself talk about it makes it sound like something from a story book!"
for that.”
"Please, John, it's not as if I insulted
"Fine," John gave up, raising his hands in defeat, "I'm enjoying myself. Happy?"
She shrugged, a 'what are you gonna do' sort of gesture; he'd seen John do it many a time. Ugh. John. Always John. "But at least you've stayed true to what you promised. You opened yourself up. You did it for John."
"Yeah, he has quite a nice voice actually. Posh. Deep. Bet it melts you like butter, you big gay."
“I see.” Mycroft’s hand dipped into the pocket of his dressing gown, pulling from it a pack of cigarettes that Sherlock was almost certain had been bought earlier that day. His brother slid one out with his dextrous, elegant fingers and brought it to slowly his lips. “And will you be telling him?”
have a son who is in a very questionable friendship with a man who I seriously think might be on the autistic spectrum, and you're trying to convince me to tell you if Sherlock and I have had
John hesitated; he didn't want Sherlock to feel obliged to do this for his sake, and no surge of hormones in the world – no matter how powerful – would make him think that it was worth forcing the man to do something he didn't want to do just because John himself was all too easily getting carried away with the situation. "Are you sure, Sherlock? You don't have to, you don't have to do anything at all if you don't want to..."
“No need to lie,” Sherlock said shortly, shifting from one leg to the other and allowing a quick glimpse up at his older brother – naturally he was in his dressing gown, likely having been woken up by Sherlock’s continuous hammering on the door. He felt no remorse. “Can I come in?”
"What happened next?"
"Yeah, well, the details are pretty important," John muttered, rolling his eyes, "especially as apparently I was reading the whole situation wrong from the start."
Desperately needing a distraction and not knowing where to look (why the hell hadn't be brought a book or something with him?!) he found himself reaching towards the end of the bed, dragging the jacket he'd thrown haphazardly over the edge over to himself and fumbling through the material to find the pocket which contained the black iPod that Sherlock had so 'generously' allowed him to borrow; maybe music would lull him into early sleep and calm his racing thoughts. Slowly he slipped the earphones in, laid back and closed his eyes.
He did not know what he was doing, but he thought that perhaps that was all right considering John seemed to know
Sherlock's nose wrinkled in disgust. "I know enough of her to know she's far and away from being good enough for you."
"Here -" John turned with the knife he had used in his hand, whacking it onto the central countertop before turning back around to face the rapidly heating metal, " - you can use this."
Who knew that Harry Watson could be selfless?
Speaking of the wise, arrogant arsehole -
The creak of stairs behind him alerted him to the fact that he was no longer the only one awake, whirling around with an apology on his lips.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, picking a book up and letting his eyes fall to the open page. "I didn't realise it was that difficult a question."
He stared at her for a long time before answering. "I am not unwilling. I just find the idea of this...
"All right." John fought to keep his voice as quiet as Sherlock's. "All right. Your head hurts. Do you have a fever?" He leaned forward, moving his hand until it was hovering over Sherlock's sweat-covered forehead, not quite touching him. "Do you mind if I...?"
.” John's hands dragged down his face, utterly unwilling and completely uncomfortable. “We're not having this conversation, not now and not ever. I'm not telling you anything like that and I
"You wait, dear, all of the women will be falling over themselves to dance with you. We'll take this one, then, Franco."
Mycroft narrowed his eyes. "Quite. Though you are wrong about that, he was already, ah,
Harry almost mirrored him, straightening herself and leaning forward more than she already had been. “I'm gay, John. I can't change that.”
Neil's mouth dropped open slightly, likely attempting to process the insult, the question and the subtle and yet – in Sherlock's mind – perfectly rational threat underlying both. He took a few seconds, far too long, his tongue shifting uselessly behind his teeth as he struggled to find the words to answer the simplest of questions.
"Mrs. Holmes -"
“Glad I could entertain.”
He sat straight upright. "Harry, what -"
"Yes." Jim pulled the post-it from its place and held it out to John, a small smile on his full, pale lips. John took it. "This is my e-mail address. At the end of each day I want you to send me an e-mail telling me about your day and how you've felt. You don't have to go into great detail, you don't have to talk about anything that makes you uncomfortable, just... give me a basic idea."
"John, quick, someone's coming!"
"It is."
Suddenly something struck John, a truth that he hadn't actually considered until that moment – his brow creased, his head turning to face Sherlock properly as his mind started to clunk slowly. "Hang on, that's a point..."
, there haven't been moments where I feel happy or content or amused enough to smile since this whole thing started to take over my life. You are... the only one to have done that."
being Wanda and a vaguely agreeable Tim – chose a charcoal grey tuxedo jacket and trouser ensemble with a silvery tie and grey/silver waistcoat; Wanda was so complimentary as he turned in a reluctant circle for her that he actually started to feel good about it, catching his reflection in the misted mirror and finding himself genuinely surprised at just how much it suited him. On his third turn – spurred on shamefully by Wanda's constant remarks on how handsome he looked – his eyes glanced out of the window and found themselves meeting the icy, narrowed gaze of the young man who was now holding a brown envelope to his chest and staring intently at the scene separated only by glass in front of him; Sherlock was watching him with all the intensity of a hawk watching its prey, and for a moment John could focus on nothing more than the sheer fervour behind the gaze. It made his spine tingle.
When John turned to look back out of the window, Sherlock was gone.
"Sex." Greg clarified this with a brief roll of his eyes. "I told him that you weren't having sex. And he agreed."
but feel the weight of it all. And it was too much. Far too much. Angst and anger and...
one."
A hand on his shoulder, shaking him hard. "Yes,
His phone vibrated beside his head.
Finally, through an immense strength he didn't even know he possessed, he managed it. He knocked lightly with his knuckles, not bothering to wait for an invitation before he pushed the handle down and pushed it open, hesitating as he popped his head around the corner of the door.
Sherlock's voice was sharp. "Attraction?"
"Small - oh, bugger it, large. I don't have any seminars 'til midday tomorrow, I can afford to go a little wild."
"Yes," John said dully into the phone, his eyes still focused on the figure that was growing smaller and smaller in the distance, "but he's gone. Greenwich Observatory. He has drugs."
. "You're the only thing to have made me smile since I started feeling this way."
the one who should be embarrassed for acting like a flustered teenager just from hearing your voice…"
"Well then." She stared at him intently. "Would you care to indulge me?"
As he pulled on his jeans and glanced at his reflection in the mirror he suddenly found himself slowing down, staring at the face he had not properly seen in the longest time; it hit him that here he was, certainly still depressed but somehow and suddenly energised enough to actually make the effort to choose clothes that weren’t ill-fitting, weren’t unclean. Not only was he dressing in order to look passable – mustn’t forget the victory that was putting on deodorant – he was actually planning on leaving his room. To
John bit his lip for a moment. "Shit. Yeah. He'd never talk to me again."
"Sally Donovan as in first year physical education degree Sally Donovan?"
The lecture hall hazed out as his slender thumbs started to type out a message from underneath the desk, his head trying to get past the ridiculous shock so that he could reply with something that at least appeared to make sense:
As the game continued, John began to discover something happening the more and more he had to drink. He of course had two people either side of him – a guy who was blatantly an ardent smoker on his left and, naturally, Sherlock on his right-hand side. Both of them were wedged in just as tightly as he was, the sides of their bodies pressed against his enough that after a while and enough alcohol it seemed as if they were simply an additional limb, no longer bothering him... or, at least, that was the effect the guy to his left was having. Disturbingly, the effect seemed to be reversed for the man on his right. The more alcohol John consumed, the burning sambuca leaving a seemingly permanent lick of heat down his chest at every sip, the more aware he was of Sherlock's body mashed against his, warm from the amount of bodies in one room and the increasing amount of alcohol that was coursing through both of their veins. Every time Sherlock moved his arm John felt a zing of friction from the material of Sherlock's shirt against his bare arm – he had wisely chosen to wear a simple black t-shirt that night, knowing how hot it would get in the little house – and became rather highly aware of the way his hairs reacted to the contact, standing on end for a few moments before settling once more over his skin.
John found himself with a sleepy, so-tiny-it-almost-isn't-there grin curving the corners of his mouth up slightly, nodding despite knowing William could not see. Twenty-six, eh? He seriously hadn't seen THAT coming.
is why I have shut myself away and refused to even acknowledge your presence in my home. It was easier to live within the protective bubble I created for myself and loathe myself in private for what I had said and done than approach you and ask for your forgiveness."
a compliment, John found himself with a grin twitching at the edge of his lips and a spark of relief just making a brief appearance in his chest.
The look Sherlock shot him was of pure ice. "Why?"
"Then Mycroft cornered me outside and asked me if I'd thought anymore about how I felt about you and what I planned to do."
The nonchalance deflated Sherlock somewhat. He felt himself start to detach from the idea. "Perhaps another time."
"All right, we can't giggle, it's a very serious business," John managed to say in a quiet mutter back, turning his gaze back to an affronted-looking Mycroft, a beaming Wanda and a content-looking Tim. "Imagine the chafing if he were to let it go untouched."
"True," John mused, lifting his legs and slipping them underneath the covers, "but I have a very short attention-span. So if you wanted to entertain me a little more..."
I won’t go into details John; forgive me, but I feel I couldn’t possibly put my downfall into the right words. What I can tell you is that Vicodin was eventually overtaken at the age of seventeen by the drug I am now suffering withdrawal symptoms from, a drug that I quickly fell in arduous love with and became utterly obsessed with in a way that I… well. I simply cannot put it into words. But it was a dangerous fall and clearly, two years later, I am still struggling with my battle against it. My parents suffered at the hands of my addiction – my brother too, a source of resentment that I am most certain has not yet dissipated – this happening after a particularly terrible overdose, something that left me in a coma and almost destroyed both my life and the lives of those around me.
“I'm sorry.” The words slipped across his tongue, empty and entirely useless. “You're right. I'd forgotten... I'd blocked it out. What I said to you.”
John was lost for words. "Delightful?"
"Oh." John remembered all too clearly. "Yeah, I figured it was something like that. Did you tell her about... what happened back at university?"
John swallowed hard, forcing himself to read:
What John learned that night was that, when it came down to it, the worst thing that Sherlock Holmes could possibly do in a darkened room on a rather comfortable bed was say John's name. The heat between them certainly didn't help, nor did the closeness of the man's body or the slightly wide-eyed realisation of what John was suggesting alighting in his eyes like the flicker of a flame. Perhaps if he had stayed silent, or even if he had just said something incredibly awkward and out of place it wouldn't have ended up being a problem, but as usual Sherlock seemed incapable of saying anything other than John's name in the heat of a moment that neither of them had been expecting – it also didn't help that it cracked down the middle and, with it, cracked John's ability to control himself.
to help myself, help your mum, get back to the basics without alcohol.”
"Don't leave, John."
As if on cue, a figure stepped out of the shadows and began to make its way forward; it was a slow step, cautious, the bulky outline hesitant until they were about three metres away. John couldn't see any details bar the fact that it was obviously a man; the darkness shielded his face completely. He felt the tension start to roll over him again, his instinctual distrust and apprehension kicking in enough that when Sherlock moved to take a step forward he thrust his arm out, blocking him.
He narrowed his eyes.
Sherlock could still not meet his gaze, nor could he seem to move. His hands were still gripping the towel. "I don't... understand. You told me..."
John frowned. "They?"
A dialing tone met his ear; he didn't judge her for it. It had never been easy to be sentimental with each other – hell, it was easier being sentimental with Sherlock.
"She's proud of you, y'know. Mum. Tells me all the time I should try and be a bit more like you." She didn't sound even remotely bitter. "She's probably right, to be fair."
"Isn't it always?"
? Is there such a thing?”
Sherlock wouldn't hurt him. That wasn't his intention.
John found himself re-reading the words back to himself, head battling with which to respond to first; glancing around the room in an attempt to gather his thoughts together, he decided he should probably sit up properly with the laptop rather than run the risk of falling asleep. As he moved to rest his back against the pillow he quickly propped up against the wall, pulling the warm laptop into his lap and shifting until he was comfortable, he remained oblivious to the fact that for the first time in two months he was choosing not to sleep in order to continue a conversation with someone, as well as actively trying to think of words to say because he
"No, no, I can do it," Sherlock said hastily, grabbing the jar and opening it. He put it down beside him and then reached for the mascarpone, almost cutting his hand on the knife that John was holding in the process. "Oh, no -"
John met her gaze, wavering only slightly. "No. I don't think it's a choice."
"You sit down, you're a guest!" She practically ran around to his side of the table, using the wine bottle to nudge him back into his seat. "There, that's better – a whole glass for you, dear, or just half?"
"Did I hear you say Sambuca, Greg?" Mike asked loudly from beside him, grabbing a couple of plastic shot glasses.
Heart hammering and breath hitching, John pulled his lips from Sherlock's with the tiniest sound of release, so quiet was the room around them since the music had ceased that he could hear the moment their lips were separated; like the brushing of pages against one another, or water on sand. So whimsical, so ridiculous. The pictures these sensations were creating were utterly unfamiliar; never before had he found himself with a delicate phrase curling the edge of his tongue against the moist roof of his mouth but at that moment he felt as if he had been replaced by poetry, lyrics to the notes that Sherlock had so perfectly wound around each separate letter and impossibly, painfully out of character. He was caught, utterly trapped, his breathing broken and fractured with each word he could not say and body frozen between the heat of the solid form just millimetres from his and the cool, frail air floating through the open window. He paused in his incessant wonderings and found himself poised on the edge of a seemingly impossible possibility, awaiting the moment where the man he had just recklessly kissed would either invite him to lead the dance once more or decline his invitation with a quick word, a blunt blow.
…he forced his legs to keep moving, reaching the door with a deep exhale of breath and twisting the doorknob until the door released itself; he pushed it open gently, slipping inside and taking hesitant steps into the centre of the room and waiting until he'd set his suitcase down before he allowed himself a proper look at where he was to stay for… well. However long Mycroft was planning on holding him hostage.
Sherlock balked. "
He recalled the rush of the week previous upon hearing Sherlock’s voice fill his empty bedroom from his laptop, deep and mocking; he remembered vividly the way his stomach had tightened and body frozen at the mere sound of the voice in person, tension exploding within himself as he’d turned around and met the intense gaze of the man who was supposed to have been nothing more than an academic tutor; the walk they’d taken around campus, talking of the party and medicine and nothing even remotely personal; dinner at the cosy Italian restaurant with wine and water and a clever, irritating, changeable childlike version of Sherlock; the heat of adrenaline pumping through John’s body as he climbed through a window; the feel of a rough coat against his cheek and surprisingly strong hands on his arms as Sherlock dragged him into hiding to avoid being caught by a security guard; the look of fierce jubilance on Sherlock’s face as he’d slipped out of a headlock and grabbed John’s wrist, yanking him towards the open window and throwing himself out of it and John practically falling through it; the mad dash across the park with laughter and swearing and stumbling until finally they’d stood gasping for breath whilst overlooking Canary Wharf… and the conversation that had followed, the foundations for their friendship hardening into stone and mortar.
The words were gruff, would have been embarrassing if he hadn't meant them as genuinely as he did. “I'm so sorry, Harry. I'm genuinely so, so fucking sorry.”
Neil had never been a violent man; even when he was angry he would simply yell for two or three minutes before it all blew over and he'd quickly return to the joking, down-to-earth dad that John knew and loved. Drinking had simply seemed to highlight the lack of violence in his system, made him more passive and less involved than he had ever been before. He would tune everything out around him, barely acknowledge when someone spoke to him, drifting off into his own world where nobody could reach him. In the moments that Sharon had managed to break through and illicit a reaction from him it was just like he had been before – shouting, momentarily flashes of fire and then back to nothing once again, folding inward and slinking off to the garden or shed or wherever else he used to go – in the least horrible way possible John had often wondered as a teenager if it would've been better if his father had simply died.
The words fell from his lips before he had a chance to stop them. "I'm a bit scared, to be honest."
"That's a yes, then. Jesus, Sherlock." John threw himself back on the cushions behind him, deeply irritated. "What, my computer too?"
John had completely and utterly forgotten about it. He hadn't even made plans to go home yet. "Oh, christ. Yeah."
“Yeah, you have. Come on, Sherlock, your observational ‘glances’ aren’t so much ‘glances’ as they are incredibly intense, invasive stares.” A grin twitched upon John’s face, seemingly genuine. “It’s hard not to notice your desperation when you’ve spent most of your time today watching me.”
The fingers around his wrist moved, shifting up to press their tips lightly against the palm which felt as it were on fire.
level of acceptance tonight, even if it wasn't the whole story. "You said it yourself that you were deeply concerned."
Swearing under his breath, John strode over to where Sherlock had suddenly vanished again, following the sound to see a window half-open and a leg disappearing into the darkness within the old building. "Sherlock, I'm asking one more time -"
"You are, you are and it is the most frustrating trait. You are the most stubborn, ignorant man I have ever met and I am asking you for the final time, John, to open your eyes and just
Languorous, one pace forward, half a metre closer than he was before; Sherlock advanced towards John with the all the grace of a feline. It was unnerving. John fought the urge to take a step back. "And yet you're currently holding all the tension of a stretched rubber band, John. Is that... fine? The fact that you're currently physically holding yourself in place in your desperation to move away... is that fine too?"
John shrugged. "Mum seems to be handling the idea well enough. Harry may not be the most subtle of people but she knows better than to start spouting about girls and drink and god knows what else with Mum in the room, especially if I'm there."
"Oh." John's eyes cast themselves down to gaze at the instrument again, his eyes taking on that same burning interest as before. Sherlock rather enjoyed it. "Yes. Is it yours?"
Closing the front door quietly and taking slow, carefully measured steps to meet John in the kitchen, Sherlock forced himself to suppress the creeping sensation of awkward apprehension currently making its way through his stomach and up into his chest. "I think it's a fairly obvious assumption that they've had plenty of sex."
No. He was god knows where. He realised he hadn't even the faintest idea of where Sherlock lived. "He's with his Mum and Dad. And possibly his brother."
"Well. It's a drinking game. You have to drink. What do you want?"
Once again Sherlock found himself eyeing John, his mind ticking away as he wondered whether John was even aware of the topic of conversation; he looked, though it was a horrendous cliché, miles away, utterly distracted by whatever was playing on his mind and as far from conscious to the fact that he was a point of discussion as anyone could be. Though his initial (and endlessly irritating) instinct was to wonder if his best friend was having second thoughts, something that Sherlock was almost certain could be a possibility regardless of how much sentiment was exchanged between them, he had been told multiple times by John now that if there
speak English."
Just like the night before, that was all it took to shake and break his resolve; one breath of his name from Sherlock and every molecule of confusion meant nothing, less than nothing. He positively leapt to close the distance, slamming his lips against Sherlock's and wrapping his arms so tightly around Sherlock's waist that he could feel the forced exhale of oxygen and carbon dioxide leave the man's body – not that it mattered, he would breathe for him if he had to – not even caring that at any point someone could walk in and catch them; he was drunk on it, all of it, and the only thing he could focus on was the slight tightening of fingers against his hip, the hand that tentatively rose to brush against his shoulder, the scent of something harsher than femininity and altogether more tantalising than anything he'd experienced before washing like a fog around him and rendering him temporarily stunned. He was not gay, he knew that even as his lips moved to momentarily capture Sherlock's lower lip between them, he was not interested in men for any purpose other than friendship but this,
Ceasing his curiosity, he brought the cup of tea to his lips and looked back towards Sherlock who was, rather than staring intently at the laptop, looking straight at him. He smiled awkwardly. "Very nice. Warm."
"Why?"
Not quite Shakespeare.
John nudged him with his shoulder. "Stop being coy."
"Thank you."
dull without foes."
How often had he spent nights avoiding phone calls, texts, emails? There were the earlier days of depression where he'd spend time with Mike and Molly and Greg, perfectly fine, but once the sun had risen once more and he was forced awake by biology and sunshine he would find himself utterly unable to reach out to a single one of them and would hide himself away in the darkness of his room to recover from the mere effort of being with the people who genuinely liked him. There were, of course, the weeks where he would completely go without seeing anyone at all, curled up in a ball on his bed with only the empty space above his head to talk to – when he spoke at all. That in itself, during a day of nothing, was a miracle.
"Right. And, if it's all right for me to ask, what sort of
Joanne walked around the desk, slow and calm as she spread her fingers out wide in front of her as if in some sort of attempt to keep him from bolting from the office as he so clearly wanted to do. “That's good. I'm glad you want to do that. But I think we're both overlooking something here, and I really think that if you -”
Sherlock sighed, his breath coming out in a cloud of white. "If by choice you mean never having had the desire to attempt finding someone even relatively suitable for me then, yes, it's a choice."
"Oh, well," Sherlock said offhandedly, "that was all true."
"I'm not always focused on you."
He found his jaw tensing at the idea. The truth was that John had become (irritatingly) the most important person in Sherlock's life – naturally he hoped that John had come to reciprocate these feelings if nothing else, so the fact that he could be so easily replaced any day now was of increasing concern to him. He had, admittedly, become somewhat possessive over his friend, something that had almost been revealed in the restaurant earlier that evening; John had practically waxed lyrical about his new counsellor. What was it – friendly? Lots of smiles? Intense? It had grated Sherlock's nerves then and it still managed to do the same now, especially once John had admitted that the intensity brought about a similarity between the two of them. No matter how clueless Sherlock appeared to be about friendships he was well versed in what was appealing to people and what was considered uninviting – surely it would be that John would undoubtedly prefer this
"...all right. So..." John waited.
A few more moments of awkward silence before Katie spoke quietly. "Fuck."
“Be careful, Sherlock,” Mycroft advised quietly, turning away as he blew smoke from between his lips. “My warning is still relevant. You’ll do more harm than good.”
Sherlock clenches his fingers tight around the neck of his violin.
John stayed quiet, if only because he had no idea what to say in response.
"I was not!" Sherlock arms flopped out either side of him, a fiendishly childish gesture. "I…
There was a soft knock at the door.
with Mycroft Holmes," said John gruffly, leaning back on the chair and folding his arms. "I can't say I've ever had the misfortune to speak to a more unpleasant human being."
on instructed consequences which not only has led to you being... well,
that something's not right." She shook her head, raising her hand as she picked up the iron once more. "I know it's none of my business and I could just be reading the situation wrong but – genuinely, John, I speak only out of concern for my son. And you, don't think I'm not thinking of you."
more than just a blip on my radar, Sherlock."
"There's nothing to be worried about. She's just being a drama-queen."
... but his mind felt full regardless. He tried to think about the course material that they would be covering today, the material that he would miss – something to do with genes – but it was all a bit difficult to focus on, so John gave up on that. Instead he let his mind attempt to latch on to his and Mike's big night out tomorrow, thinking of how he would finally get to speak to that girl he'd seen constantly around campus, Mary something... and yet that didn't hold either. The thought just whirled itself away with the others, blurring into a dull sort of grey mess as it span in the recesses of his mind and leaving him simply staring at nothing, thinking of nothing.
John allowed himself to look at the young man from the corner of his eye; he was dressed in a deep purple shirt and his usually black trousers, hair damp. He looked younger, somehow.
Hesitating for a few moments, trying to force himself to remember how to communicate without simply repeating 'I know' and 'I'm sorry' over and over, he hit the reply button with perhaps a little more force than necessary and slowly started typing out a response to the unwelcome stranger.
At least John seemed to be paying attention now. He nodded, if not a little hesitantly, at the time-frame. “All right, I suppose I don't really have much of a choice. Shall we say in a week, then? All head to London or wherever it is to sign up together?”
And so he went into it, right from the beginning. John allowed her (them) to become a part of the truth he'd kept from his parents, about his depression and falling grades, going on to explain Sherlock – William – and his irritating arrogance, impressive knowledge and, eventually, his oddly captivating charm. He found himself going into almost embarrassing detail about the first time he had heard Sherlock's voice, then meeting him for the first time at the party; he could hear it for the first time ever in his voice the way in which he spoke of his best friend, the impossible to ignore undertones of respect and awe, the disbelief as he described the idea of someone like him being drawn to someone like John. He heard the laughter in his voice as he told the story of their break-in to the Observatory, and the conversation afterwards; he even found himself regaling them in tales of their domesticity as they spent more and more time together, barely pausing for breath as he told them about Redbeard The Hairy and making pesto chicken. Eventually his tone changed, and even then he could not deny that he was hearing himself as everybody else heard him: the softness in his tone as he told them of Sherlock agreeing to take care of him after his injury; the strange longing timbre whilst brushing over the way Sherlock had caressed his thumb with his wrist; the tremble of words he could barely string together remembering the proximity, the reality of Sherlock's closeness and touch during not only when he cleared up the mess of dried blood on John's chest but afterwards, with Sherlock's fingers clamped around his wrist and his body just millimetres away.
the ball. After it. And he isn't my boyfriend."
"It's almost been a month, John." She sounded almost as if she were scolding him. "I want to know if I have to give you my guitar or not."
"A suicide mission."
Not even two minutes passed.
"Tough," she said shortly, turning away and reaching for the cup of tea she had just made for her husband, "you're just going to have to stop acting like a seven year old and get on with it like the adult you are." She bustled past them, giving John a rapid knowing look which disappeared as quickly as it had come. "I'm sure you can find a way to make him behave, John."
to know somebody like me, somebody who is essentially like everybody else taking the pre-med course, all with similar intelligence and skills – I could have been anyone, Sherlock, it could have been Mike that needed extra help with his coursework and it could have been
“That.” Sherlock’s teeth moved on to the skin at the edge of his nail, biting unnecessarily hard. “That’s what I came to say.”
Wanda gave her the sweetest smile she could possibly muster. "Of course. I wouldn't dream of leaving without doing so."
to move forward."
John could only nod, unable to find the effort within him to lie for the sake of Sherlock’s feelings.
“Mm. Yes. I expect you’re right. Here, give me a cigarette before I leave.”
He didn't need telling twice.
Greg's entire face lit up with mirth as the rest of the table tittered at Sherlock's obvious ignorance. "Sherlock, you utter
"Oh, be away with you. Look at how the silver brings out your eyes. You'll devastate some hearts tonight, that's for certain!"
He had not asked Sherlock the question lingering on the tip of his tongue – in the end he had not wanted to, though whether it was to spare Sherlock the feelings that would accompany such a confession or to save himself from having to hear the answer he did not know. They had simply sat in the quiet, occasionally meeting one another’s gaze as they waited for the inevitable cavalry to arrive – preserving the quiet for as long as possible. Both of them knew that, after this, things would not be as simple (as if they were simple before) and that something would change; neither of them knew what or how and it was an unspoken agreement not to discuss it, but either way, the silence was welcome.
"Oh," John said loudly, rolling his eyes and flailing his hands up into the air, "OH, well, you and Mycroft figured something out, that must mean it
"That's what you're suggesting, though. That we carry on as normal and sneak around if we want to... y'know."
An eyebrow raised in wonder. “Oh, do you ask for permission now? I was under the impression that had I not answered the door you would simply break in, at least that was certainly the case on the last… hmm, was it three occasions?”
John allowed himself a few minutes to think it over; he felt a little groggy, a little grubby and more than a little self-conscious when in the presence of an extremely clean-looking Sherlock – it probably wouldn't have bothered him if the man looked anything like he had ten hours ago, but now he felt extremely out of place and didn't relish the idea of having to sit and concentrate on whatever delights Sherlock had planned whilst in the same clothes as the day before. He rubbed his hands on his thighs and pushed himself into a standing position – his muscles groaned. As comfortable as the sofa had been, it wasn't quite a substitute for a real mattress.
"I can see that," Sherlock noted with a smirk. "The receptionist is practically chomping at the bit. Kept going on about how she asked you to get here five minutes early."
thing!"
John offered his own shrug, nonchalant, as if it didn't really matter. "We have an hour and a half to kill before dinner's ready."
. They didn't hug, didn't shake hands for longer than was necessary. He didn't need to be a genius to work out that blatant similarity in their personalities, and in all honesty it was actually a bit of a relief to know that he wouldn't have to go through all of the awkwardness forced upon him by people like Mike and Molly, connoisseurs in physical affection. He and Sherlock didn't have to do that if they didn't want to, and he had no doubt in his mind that
John did not know what to say. Even having met the two staggeringly lovely people in front of him he would have never considered the possibility of them being so utterly accepting of whatever their sons wanted from their lives; the memory of his mother yelling at his drunken father and blaming him for Harry's homosexuality was still fresh in his mind despite it having been at least three years ago, his sister crying on the front doorstep of their house as her girlfriend of the time attempted to console her... it had been hell for days just to live under the same roof as them. The fact was that he was sure his mother had never quite forgiven Harry for being a lesbian, despite it not really being much a choice; it had been a difficult realisation for John to understand that their parents were simply narrow-minded people – loving, of course, his mother had always been loving – but still incredibly outdated against the times.
sense. And now he was the one who had to decide what to do with it. Unless...
to do, but he had no experience of these things. The idea of actually reaching out to the man who was now breathing his name against his lips was almost too much to bear considering.
"Come in."
"We had to read it at school," he explained, painful memories of the dragging lessons floating above his head like a ghost, "and I never really recovered."
her and expect her to want to suck your knob just because of some sort of misogynistic expectation." Harry sounded genuinely annoyed. "Leave the poor girl alone and let her enjoy her carpet."
"John, last night… last night was unforgivable. Not only did I lead you into a situation where you could get hurt without a single thought to your personal safety, I took advantage of your vulnerability and let my own…" he grimaced, "…
Even John was alarmed by the amount he had recalled with such clarity.
"Yes," John admitted, nodding slightly, "that sounds... accurate."
Almost as if reading John's mind, Sherlock pulled away from the kiss and took a few breaths, closing his eyes for a moment. "John, I don't... I'm not sure..."
"Very unlikely."
"After waking you up," John agreed. "And clearly, if the duvet pulled up to your chin is anything to go by, you're a lot more awkward about me being here than I actually expected. So…"
He let her turn him back to the mirror, taking the tie from him and slipping it behind his neck; he reached up and twitched it until it lay flat under his collar, her small hands working away quickly as she flipped the material about with such dexterity and confidence that he was almost sure she must have done this before. He said as much. "I can tell this isn't your first time!"
"On the contrary, it simply made me even more determined to convince you." Sherlock's pale eyes were sparkling, brought to life simply by remembering that first night of communication. "I'd never been told 'no' before in my life, at least not in such a straightforward, stubborn manner. I found it rather… interesting. Hence why I was so intent on talking to you."
"John."
, which means that
like colours fighting against the grey he'd been battling since he had arrived home; soon he was so immeasurably focused on the feelings of being touched, kissed, cared for by John that his finger stopped being so daring and was joined by the lightest of palms, both hands resting delicately upon the warmth and solidity of John's surprisingly sturdy form -
Greg wasn't having any of it. "It's not a bloody cocktail, Sherlock. You take a gulp, not a sip."
His eyes flickered to hers and burned. No. "Not up for discussion."
They allowed themselves perhaps a few moments of silence as they both mulled their options over, John turning his head though not his body to face the sea again and squinting his eyes at the sun that was starting to set; it was beautiful, there was no denying it, the perfect setting for such an in-depth conversation. He found himself feeling only slightly uncomfortable, the very tiniest bit, and all of that he knew was rooted in his narrow-minded upbringing by parents who genuinely thought they were teaching him right. If he ignored those, if he ignored the memory of his sobbing sister and shouting mother, he had no qualms whatsoever about what they were considering. It was just... complicated. It would always be a little more complicated, if only because they were complicated people at that moment in time.
Oh yes. He bloody well saw. "You think it's my fault." He gritted his teeth. "You're blaming me."
It took only a moment for Sherlock to grasp Mycroft's reference; the last time they had spoken openly, or in the very least the last time that
And confused.
They were still siblings, after all, regardless of the breakthrough that they seemed to have just had.
"Establish trust. I'm aware."
"Oh holy shit, you
"So that's your motivation, is it? Purely selfless and for his benefit? Nothing in it for you?"
like to argue..."
"Do whatever," Sherlock replied curtly, his tone still low, body still tense. "If it'll stop you from staring at me like I'm a dying puppy."
Sherlock was looking at John as if he didn't quite understand a single word he was saying. "I'm not going to wreck my clothes and get myself filthy just to make you feel like less of an idiot for enjoying yourself by climbing over great big dirty rocks."
nothing.
Was the room spinning? Or was John?
, he's been playing since he was a child, you've never heard anything like it."
Sherlock’s body started to vibrate again, but it was different this time: he was in control. He could say this and it would make sense. He could say it and it wouldn’t have to shake his foundations. “I came here to tell you that John says we’re not in a relationship...”
John was leaning in now. “Every type of frustration you could possibly define.”
John shook his head, changing direction to start heading towards the park. "You really are hard work, you know that?"
Sighing, John shrugged. "If you're not going to even act like you want to be here you might as well have stayed upstairs!"
The look that Mycroft shot Greg was a hilarious mixture of horror and disgust. “Oh, really, I don’t think we needed to know that!”
He could hear the barb in his voice, the personal nature of it; anyone could, and he could see from the way that Neil – at the end of the table, as far from Sharon as he could get – winced that his judgement was audible. His father, leaning forward and putting his own knife and fork down, attempted to make eye-contact with his son.
Was he... trying to be funny?
"D'you need money?" A totally different tone to what Sharon had used, absolutely casual and not in the least bit concerned. "Sure we've got some cash lying around somewhere we can give you if it's a struggle."
"I'm...?"
"I don't understand what you mean. Why would I feel it necessary to punish you?" He shook his head again, glancing behind him, physically avoiding what was right in front of him. "You're being ridiculous."
He fights the urge to snort - clearly he
remember Toni, one of a string of girls that Harry had slept with and then gone on to break their hearts the morning after; Toni in particular had taken it rather badly. He vaguely recalled the 'c' word being over-used. "It doesn't count if you've already shagged them."
"The new rule is..." The boy thought about it for a moment, leaning his chin on his glass. "Hmm. Oh! All right! Everyone has to add
He hated it. He hated the guilt that came with these feelings, loathed the way he had started looking at Sharon in a new light, wished he was still as biased as ever so that it would make it easier to shut out the rest and focus on simply supporting her, as he had always done. It was impossible, though. He was starting to see what she had moulded herself into, the effect it had had on him, the way in which he had shaped
“I’m still going to get you some blankets.”
Sherlock's gaze was unexpectedly and suddenly serious. "Your depression, John."
Sherlock pursed his lips. "What makes you think I already know?"
Lord Londonderry stepped up onto the platform to tumultuous applause, his head bowing in respectful nods at the welcome before he raised his large hands up and waited for the noise to die down, his dark eyes scanning the crowd at large before allowing a wide smile to crease the corners of his eyes as he opened his arms out.
The revelation of a sibling was a genuinely surprising one. "You have a brother?"
“FUCKing HELL.” John wrenched himself off of the bed and onto his feet, head spinning slightly as he let his arms fall to his sides and he shook his head violently from side to side. “We're supposed to be going down to dinner with two very dysfunctional parents who have no idea that as well as having a lesbian daughter, they
An odd surge of nerves flooded John's brain temporarily, making his fingers tingle.
And Sherlock was suddenly moving away from John and grabbing the camera from his victorious mother, Mycroft even cracking a reluctant smile at the situation as Wanda laughingly gave the camera to Tim and told him that this was the only moment they'd probably see such a sight and to quickly take a photograph of her and her boys, her arm reaching out and beckoning for John to join them and to accept that he was, now, one of them. As he stood beside Sherlock, with Wanda reaching behind her youngest son to pull him further into the photo and ensuring that he was more or less pressed against Sherlock's warm side - "we don't want to cut you in half, John!" - he wondered how it was possible to actually feel happiness in such concentrated doses, all in a continuous pulsing stream.
"I'll say," she said with a laugh, though there was an obvious tinge of sadness behind it. "He never really got over it. He's engaged to some other woman now but he still texts me, telling me he'd give it up if I ever told him I wanted to be with him. It's sad."
"Course it is," he forced out cheerily, downing the last mouthful of now lukewarm tea and pushing himself to his feet, walking through the living room and into the kitchen with a confident half-smile on his face as she turned and took his cup out of his hands. She would not meet his eyes. "It's like how I feel about my course tutors. Have a tremendous amount of respect for them. I want them to like me."
“I know why he’s here,” John interrupted, tone every bit as sharp as Mycroft’s; he watched as Mycroft’s blue eyes shot through him, attempting his brother’s little x-ray trick and… yes, there it was. Realisation that John was, in fact, telling the truth. “And I
it a house. The yellow-stone manor was a towering, turreted masterpiece of English architecture, huge sash windows adorning its front with – as Wanda had promised – impressive double doors that seemed to get far more grand and imposing the closer their car inched up the driveway. There was an impressive array of spires across its grand roof, though with the sky slipping closer and closer to night they were difficult to count and collate in his head... but why was he counting and collating spires?! Here he was, pulling up next to the most beautiful, regal house he had ever seen in his life and he was distracting himself by counting
The voice was well-spoken, higher in pitch than Sherlock's. "Er, yes. Um... may I speak to Sherlock, please?"
The proximity, the recent explosions of constant intensity, the confusing, oddly crafted sentences with all of their double-meanings and the proximity, again, that had seemed so heated with no real obvious reason - "ah, Greg, this is a mess. This is a mess. Sherlock is a mess."
There was a cheekiness to the tone, a teasing that was not entirely unpleasant, yet the very notion of John climbing in beside Sherlock was so foreign to him that he continued to babble as if John had not spoken: " – I could tell you some facts about ash, I've actually been doing several studies in the differences between human and cigarette ash that I think you'd find quite interesting, though if that doesn't appeal to you I could always scrape through the recesses of my mind for a joke or two… or a factoid about myself, yes, that was the other thing, I have plenty I could tell you, not that any of it is remotely interesting and you'd probably find yourself bored within moments -"
"Oh, you can fu-"
The fact that Sherlock clearly adored his mother was incredibly endearing.
"You could fill a Bible," Sherlock muttered unnecessarily. John decided he wasn't going to look at Sherlock for the rest of the evening.
to be the black sheep.
"Fine," John mumbled, rolling his eyes. "Carry on."
Sherlock looked genuinely stunned, eyes blankly staring at John as if seeing him for the first time. "That's... no, it is, it's blackmail!"
Opening his eyes, drowsy, John lay still on his bed. What time was it? It was still light outside, but his room had the typical murkiness of late afternoon. He played disinterestedly in his mind with the idea of grabbing his phone and checking the time but then, what was the point? He had nothing to do today. Time was irrelevant.
"So, John." Dr. Moriarty – Jim – picked up the clipboard from the desk and began to flip casually through his notes. "I've had a look at your notes already and I think I have a pretty good grasp of why we're here, but..." He lowered it, meeting John's gaze. "If you don't mind, I'd like you to tell me."
"It wasn't candlelit."
Sherlock had been gone only mere minutes, and in that space of time John had gulped down nearly an entire glass of wine.
Sherlock nodded. “All right. What was the question?”
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY NEW CHAPTERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!! <3 <3 <3 LOVE YOU SO FRICKETY FRACKING MUCH, GUYS!!
"John -"
John was pulling away, his breathing staggered; he did not pull away completely, his hands were still on Sherlock's shirt and he was still close enough that Sherlock could feel the heat of his breath mingling with his. He didn't know what to say, if he should say anything at all, he wasn't completely aware of what these moments were meant to be filled with but in the very least he thought that if was quiet enough, if he didn't say anything, perhaps John wouldn't move away quite yet. Because he liked it. He liked that John wasn't being particularly gentle or careful. He had liked that John's lips weren't hesitant. He had liked that John hadn't asked tentatively if he could kiss him. John had done it all of his own accord.
John shrugged. "I told you my favourite colour."
“You don’t need to try and convince me,” Sherlock muttered, picking at his thumb nail, “we both know that you’ve never experienced a single moment of pleasure in your lifetime.”
The next half an hour was deadly. Sherlock actually laughed when he extracted a three –
When he speaks it’s raw, hoarse from restraining himself from speech - he’s sickened with himself, utterly full of loathing. John, spilling his emotions, and Sherlock, unable to control his own in the wake of them: weakness, such weakness, and now John - John, who should be comforted, not Sherlock - is reaching out to soothe
right about that then what you just said to me is complete and utter... bollocks.
"You were... lonely?"
Wanda shot him a look. "Don't start, young man."
the one with a drug problem. What have you been taking?”
A smile twitched at the edges of John's lips. "Remember that pot and kettle we keep talking about?"
John mirrored him, folding his own arms tightly and tightening his jaw. “Not true.”
"It's fine."
“Yeah.”
Greg's signature grin sparked to life upon his tanned face. “Sounds about right. Still, Mrs. H wants to meet John pretty soon to sort out signing contracts and whatnot, so either you're gonna have to take a train over to London sometime in the next week or you're going back earlier than you'd planned.”
"Why are you so intent on defending yourself?" The question was full of genuine curiosity. "Do you think I'm going to hurt you?"
Falling into a somewhat uneven step beside Sherlock's taller form, John took his words and decided now was the time, if any, to ask. "So you haven't...?"
hit you."
He was still irritating. He still was frustrating beyond belief. Still. That was better than the usual bout of nothing.
“John informed him of where you were going,” Mycroft continued, seemingly dispassionate about the fact. “Has he taken up residence with the two of you now? I had thought that the third bedroom was in use as a storage solution…” His misty blue eyes watched Sherlock carefully as he spoke, reading his brother just as well as Sherlock could read anybody. “…but perhaps the extra bed isn’t required.”
John could not help himself. "You're doing fine, William. Better than I would be under the same circumstances."
that you should go further than confronting him, and yet you took that gun from my coat pocket and you
It took a few slow moments for John to catch up; his mind was so infinitely delayed that Sherlock found it amazing that he had somehow managed to get into university at all. "What? Greg? No, he came home alone. A few minutes after you left."
There was moment of hollow quiet as every person in the room waited, silent and still other than John who picked up his wine glass again and took a few sips in order to keep himself from saying something he would regret; slowly Sherlock lowered himself back into his chair and turned his head slightly towards Mrs. Holmes, meeting her eyes at the last moment. "I'm sorry, Mother. That was insensitive of me."
is returned to him in the softest of pressures.
He had to hand it to her – she seemed to genuinely be considering his words. He watched, fingers drumming against his biceps, as she allowed her thoughts to deconstruct his words; he hadn't ever really studied her before, taken much notice of her, something which seemed strange now that he thought about it considering that they were twins, but now – given the opportunity – he found his eyes roving his sister as if he had never seen her before in his life. He took in, as she mused inwardly, the way she chewed on her lower lip (fuller than his), the small crinkles at the side of her eyes (he had those, too), the subtle squared shape to her head (also like himself); he noticed, to his surprise, that she had an identical little groove on the left side of her face much like his, that her eyelashes were as long as his, that she balled up her fists when she was thinking of things she would rather not think about, as he did. Her dress sense was about as far from his as you could get – eclectic, colourful, bold – and her hair was a wild array of blondes and cut in some shaggy, choppy way that he assumed was probably fashionable, putting her at a considerable distance from his darker, subtle tones of colour and his own uniformly cut hair (even if it was a little longer than usual, not to mention messy as hell from lounging around on his bed with her for half the afternoon) – there were many differences, it was true, but the similarities he was noticing now were almost alarming. He had never really felt a connection with Harriet Watson, regardless of the twenty-three years they'd shared, but he was beginning to.
