“He…” Dean frowns at the floor. “He said please. Acted… acted like he was scared. And he called me something. Said I had a job to do. Maybe this job. So, we either let this go, which I can’t do, or we walk into it. We’ll put him down if we can connect him with the murders.”
means something to this complete stranger who might be something not human if Sam digs up anything to connect the dots being placed down before them.
After a few minutes, he forces himself to walk away from the safety of the grave, hoping whatever's followed him at least waits until he has a weapon in hand before showing itself. He's been alive for a few precious minutes and desperately wants to stay that way.
The inside of the house is quiet, but when Sam steps into the library, there’s a brunet standing by the desk, smiling at him. He remembers her dying on the floor in a cabin years ago, choking on her own blood after an exorcism. The gun in his hands goes flying, skittering across the floor in the kitchen until it hits the cabinet.
“I said he was a specialist,” Sam says defensively, cutting off Dean’s breathless complaints. “Didn’t say in what. The guy’s supposed to be the real deal.”
She’s almost convincing. Disappointed-sounding enough that plenty of people will believe she regrets the corpse lying dead in her yard.
A high sound stabs at the back of his head and he grabs the thread harder and pulls, repeating the words a third time. Wisps of light break away and reach towards him.
He brings it to his mouth—and it is his mouth, for the moment—and enjoys the awareness of Dean’s body. The steady beat of the heart under his ribs, the smoke filled air that he breathes into his borrowed lungs, and Dean, pure and bright within the safety of Castiel’s grace.
Sam leans over, puts a hand on his knee and laughs breathlessly. Safely tucked away from the spirits out for their blood, Sam lets Bobby look for answers while he pulls out some of their equipment and starts making more salt rounds. Whatever happens, they’re always going to need the ammunition.
Bobby claps him on the shoulder and helps him into the passenger seat, accepting the keys when Sam passes them over. He tosses Sam’s dropped cell phone into his lap. Sam shoves it into his pocket and leans forward to start digging around in the glove box for alcohol wipes and gauze to clean his face. There’s no glass in his eyes, but his forehead and cheek sting from the impact and embedded pieces. It’s too risky to get them out in the dark, so he settles for gritting his teeth and wiping away as much blood as he can before pressing gauze to his forehead until the bleeding stops.
Elijah flinches back at his tone. “Aren’t you?” He starts, and the social incompetence sloughs off. He lifts his chin and meets Dean’s glare straight on. There’s something calculating and seething behind the steady calm of his eyes. “Knowing good and evil and having the freedom to choose between them are vastly different things. You may be tzadik, but that doesn’t absolve you of your actions.”
“Remember that thing about ideas?” Dean asks. Cas dips his chin once in a quick nod. “Well, I got a couple to pass the time before Sam gets back if you’re interested. Consider it a welcome to Earth freebie for saving my brother’s life.”
“How far is this place?” he asks, staring out the window into the easy rolling hills of a field filled with cows chewing mindlessly under the grey overcast sky.
When they get back to the house, Sam slams the car door behind him. The cracked glass shatters and falls into the car, covering the front bench and floor. Someone laughs from the scrapyard. Sam spins, gun lifting toward the dark tower of cars.
Something massive lurks there in the darkness between Dean and the angel. Not even the light from the link is enough to illuminate it, but Sam gets a sense of how insignificantly small it makes him feel. He strains to see how far out it stretches from where it’s pinned in place. The chains binding it are different than the one he’s grabbed onto, choking it and holding it place where it struggles like a mouse in a glue trap. The connection with Dean goes straight through it, light piercing through the hidden cavity of its form, and Sam realizes with a start that this isn’t between him and the angel. It
“I’m fine,” he mumbles, staring at Elijah, who hasn’t stopped looking at Dean since he came up on stage—until Sue Ann gets up from her chair and pulls Elijah back, her mouth pinched. Dean swallows back the urge to reach out when Elijah breaks eye contact and sinks back into that same cold indifference from before. Nothing feels right about this.
“You’re teaching him car stuff now?” Sam asks, after Dean leans over to twist the volume down. There’s a tense draw to his shoulders and his jaw is clenched. Dean opens his mouth to make a crack about Sam getting jealous, but the narrow look Sam gives him stops him. So much for working Sam’s shit out.
The drive doesn’t help his mood, but he’s able to call Ruby and arrange to meet her at a convenience store a few miles outside of town. It’s the most accomplished he’s felt since this started. He feels something like relief when he sees her standing on the side of the building. She looks nervous when he gets out of the car, and turns to walk toward the back of the building. Sam follows her.
‘Whoa! Hey wait, wait! What?” Sam grabs her by the arm before she can spin away and out of his life.
When it’s too dark to read, Dean pulls the hood of the hoodie he stole from Sam over his head and huddles down against the door, looking less like a person and more like a pile of laundry. Sam lets him sleep until he jerks awake several hours later, gasping for air just as Sam is pulling out of a drive-through a couple of hours into Nebraska.
A gunshot echoes through the air and Sam slumps to the ground with a wheeze of air. Bobby comes running across the lawn toward him and hauls Sam back to his feet.
Pride. Love. The emotions radiate through Castiel and they know Heaven will tear it from them when they return. Castiel lives a single eternity with Dean Winchester’s soul.
“If—If God really exists than what the hell does he want with me?” The words burst out of Dean with a toss of his head and wide sweep of one hand through the air. “Why do I deserve to get saved over everybody else down there?”
Dean sparks with exasperation and nudges at Castiel, wanting back in control of his body. Castiel slips back and feels Dean shake himself out, cracking his neck and rolling his shoulders, sinking comfortably back into his body in a way that Castiel hasn’t a hope of mimicking. He twirls the pool cue through the air and moves the remaining billiard balls on the table, sliding the white one back towards him. Castiel curls his wings back around Dean’s shoulders and waits to see what Dean’s going to do.
“Think I might need to owe you a couple more with those abysmal oral skills, Cas,” Dean says amiably while he watches Cas dress. He's still dripping water into the shitty motel carpet, but he doesn't seem to care if his clothes get damp, he just pulls them on. Maybe he can use his mojo on that too. “Never left a customer or a partner unsatisfied and neither should you.”
Sam's woken up by the sound of Dean coughing in the bathroom. The window he’s facing is fogged up from the rain drizzling down outside. Sam shoves himself up and wipes his mouth, listening to Dean through the door.
Fuck, he needs answers. Sam must have done something to get him back, which means he needs to track down his brother. The register still has cash in it. Dean counts it and guesses that it might be enough for gas or food for a few days. He’s not hungry yet, though he feels like he should be. It’s been four—no, forty—
“So, what now?” Dean asks and Cas smiles, small and easy. It brings out a dimple on Cas' cheek. Dean wonders if Cas can feel the way his pulse quickens.
“You had a kidney stone,” Cas mumbles into his collarbone. Dean muffles a curse into his hair and starts pulling at his belt. He’s not sure if he’s exasperated or some other muddle of emotions.
Dean’s hands are shaking slightly and the cue ball doesn’t quite go where they were aiming. Three of the four balls sink into their respective pockets, the last spinning lazily after ricocheting across the table.
“You’re telling me,” Sam agrees and then looks at Cas hastily. “No offense, Cas, but that was a… a lot.”
“Why, a miracle, Dean,” Sue Ann says cheerfully as she pours a glass and sets it down in front of Dean. She sits down in the chair in front of Elijah. She doesn’t offer anything to him. “Miracles have been coming to us ever since Elijah arrived.”
Dean shoves away from Sam and gets to his feet. He teeters for a moment and Sam thinks that he’ll pitch backwards to the floor. He starts to reach for him again, but gets waved off when Dean finds his footing. He walks back to the sink and turns on the water, splashing his face. The helplessness hits Sam between the ribs. Is this what Dean felt when his vision had first started?
“In more ways than you meant to, I’m sure." Cas' cool indifference cracks into a brittle smile as he pulls Sue Ann’s necklace from the pocket of his oversized hoodie. The silver circle hanging from the chain catches the light as Cas flips it over in his palm and brushes his thumb across the Hebrew letters spelling out his name. “Mixing magics can have unforeseen consequences. Her work was desperate and sloppy, based off the already sloppy work before her. That priest never should have stolen what he did. She didn’t just bind my name, she stripped it from me.”
Castiel tilts their head and closes their eyes. They snap back open under Dean’s command and Castiel frowns. Emotions prickle at the edges of his grace from Dean’s soul.
“You didn’t think!” she snarls, standing in front of him. “I was trapped in my own body after that demon jumped me. Do you have any idea what that was like? Screaming for help and no one listening while I watched her murder people.”
If it's still there, Dean's sure it's waiting for something, but he can’t consider that possibility yet. His mind shies away from it like a horse afraid of its own shadow.
“Normally I’d be really, uh… honored to meet. An angel. You. Especially since you—but,” he manages awkwardly. This is an angel wearing his brother’s body.
“And Roy's flock just swelled overnight,” Sue Ann breaks in excitedly, picking up her own glass and taking a deep sip. “This is only the beginning.”
He watches Will decide his next shot and the point of the game becomes a little clearer to him. This isn’t only about skill. It’s a game of strategy and if not for Dean’s guidance and his own ability to see and determine the angles of each shot before he takes it, he would be an easy target. But Will’s misjudgment on who—and what—he’s playing against gets him in the end and Castiel winds up five hundred dollars richer. Will congratulates him with a laugh and hands over the bills with only a little resentment before leaving Castiel alone at the table with Dean.
Pamela straightens up in her chair and starts to chant. Dean trembles, his body flushing with heat, and the thing inside him tries to curl away from her call. He grips Sam’s hand and leans forward, gasping as the world goes hazy and bright, words pouring from his mouth that he can’t hear. Sam grabs him back just as tightly, the only thing keeping him in the room.
Turning away is easier this time, though Dean has to force himself to walk casually. He is not fleeing the conversation. The cashier doesn’t acknowledge him when he walks past her and out the door.
Dean retreats into the bathroom and pulls a towel down to scrub through his hair. “So, they’re happening closer together?”
Dean shrugs regretfully. “I wish I could explain. I just wanted to ask you a couple questions. About Elijah. You’re probably the only person in town who’ll even talk to me right now.”
“Sounds like you’ve got a plan then,” he manages, when the quiet settles into something too comfortable. Cas looks thoughtfully down at where he’s still clasping Dean’s wrist.
When she doesn’t do anything, Dean reaches out and grabs her face with his hand. Power rips up through his body and pours out of his fingers into her skin unbidden. She lights up from the inside, going white-hot under his fingers, mouth tearing open with a scream. Sam yells, but Dean’s already done. The demon collapses to the floor, eyes and mouth burned out. Sam leaps out of his chair as the other demon comes at them and catches him by surprise with the knife through the chest. The last one, lurking behind the counter, burns out from the inside without Dean even needing to touch them. He stares at the bodies and then at his hands.
, then it may make him unwilling to cooperate later. Especially with the Host’s concerns over his brother’s connection with Azazel and his extracurricular activities. We still don’t know what Azazel's endgame is, Zachariah.”
He feels the warmth when Dean blushes and doesn’t hold back his giggle when Dean tries to shove him away. Just grabs him by the sleeve of his shirt to keep him from moving too far away. It's gonna be annoying if they have to redraw the chalk lines because he couldn’t resist poking at Dean’s stupid machismo.
“If you’d told me about this, Sam, maybe I wouldn’t be dead,” says a voice behind him. He nearly drops the hex box in surprise and shoves the box back into place on the shelf and looks back towards the stairs. Jess smiles at him, brittle and unhappy.
“Easy on the wood. This’ll be over in a couple of minutes,” she assures. He’s having some of the worse days of his second life, but he’s happy to let her do anything she wants if she keeps looking at him like that. “I need to touch something our mystery monster touched.”
The reminder sobers Dean a little, thinking of Sam’s unconscious body lying in the mud. “Yeah, well, you did what you could,” he forces out, and then checks that the cashier isn’t paying attention before shuffling a few inches closer to Elijah. He lowers his voice pointedly. “Look, Eli, me and Sam are hanging around a few more days. Looking into a job.”
“This might be a little above our pay grade,” Sam says eventually, voice raw and tight with old grief. He’s settled back into place on the couch, neck on the armrest and beer tucked between his hip and the back cushion. Dean’s laid out on the floor, staring at the ceiling and wondering why the beer hasn’t even given him a buzz. He can’t even tell he drank it.
“Tzadik,” Elijah says, and the word curls out of his mouth with a guttural lilt. Dean licks his lips, and his next breath catches in the back of his throat. “You have important work to do. I'm certain of it.”
Dean scoffs, kicking up gravel with the heel of one boot when he shifts to turn the music back on. He checks the window over one last time and settles into the passenger seat when he’s satisfied and let’s a few minutes of music go by before working up the nerve to say, “So, uh, the eating thing.”
Rebuilding a human body takes an age and a day as Castiel stitches together cells from stardust and builds part upon part until the earthly frame of Dean Winchester's body is before them. They memorize the curve of Dean Winchester’s ribs. Castiel locks each one into place over his lungs. The slick smooth surface of Dean’s intestines are wound carefully back into the open cavity of Dean's body. Castiel breathes flesh on to him and wraps him into the clothes he’d worn when he died, restoring them as he did everything else. Castiel
A blast of humid rain is his answer. He forces his eyes back open and starts running. There’s a furious crack of sound, and Elijah snaps into view in the empty air just as Sam reaches Wright’s side. There’s nothing of the plain unassuming man Sam remembers from the day before. Elijah is a pillar of light and Heavenly wrath pouring itself down on to this muddy patch of land in Nebraska.
“No, you won’t," he says with confidence. Whatever dragged him out of the pit isn’t something she’s going to risk pissing off. She wants answers and if she can't hurt him, she'll probably try torturing Sam instead. If she could get to him. The thing that pulled him out is pressing against the roof of Dean's mouth, coiled up tight in his chest and arms, and ready to strike at the slightest provocation. The knowledge of it sends a thrill of heat up his spine. He doesn't just want to kill her, he wants to make it hurt.
Six of Castiel’s siblings are dead, the second seal broken, and he doesn’t know how Lilith or her demons have managed it. The reconnaissance performed before the battle, his orders, his own battle strategy. He examines all of them over again, searching for the flaw, and finding nothing. This should have worked. They should have won. Yet, here he stands, in the middle of a street in San Antonio, in front of the building where Lilith raised the Witnesses, and watching it burn to the ground.
Footsteps. Fast and heavy behind him. He tenses, preparing for a blow—but it doesn't come. Sam shoulders past him and toward Sue Ann. His brother grabs her by the arm, his face ugly with fury, and the verse drips with sarcasm as he spits it into her face, “With his mouth the impious man destroyeth his neighbor; But through knowledge shall the righteous be delivered.”
“Hey, no, let’s get one thing straight. I am not your vessel. You’re riding shotgun,” he hisses, kicking the bucket of trash and glass hard enough that it rattles and threatens to tip over before rocking back onto its base. “Phenomenal cosmic powers. No fucking privacy.”
He closes the distance between them in a few steps, his heart rate spiking and making his chest hurt hard enough that he questions if Elijah healed him right. Elijah tips his head up to keep their gazes locked.
Castiel presses the soul down into the body and Dean scrambles and fights against it. The force of Castiel’s power flattens the space around them and the flesh of Dean’s arm burns under Castiel’s touch where he grips him. Castiel lifts one wing to protect the still closed eyes from the light.
The last of his doubts that Elijah could be anything else fade with the flow of pure heat and light that dips into his body. It’s what he always imagined being dumped into a hot spring would feel like, though maybe all the water around him is coloring his perception. He sighs in relief when the pain fades and Elijah pulls his hand away. Elijah nods and gets up, ignoring the mud caked into the front of his dress pants, and walks away toward the Le Grange house.
Cas kisses the center of his chest in reply, and the tips of his fingers skim down across the smooth keloid tissue on his throat. Things blur a little after that. Dean pulls and pushes Cas until he stretches out across the bed, and Cas lets Dean pin him down by one wrist and curl a fist into his hair to pull his head back and suck a mark high up his neck. Payback for the scar, he jokes, and Cas grits his teeth and goes tense under him until he’s satisfied. The mark fades in a flicker of white energy that makes his skin momentarily transparent. Cas tells him to do it again. Dean chuckles and leaves a fading trail of them down Cas' body, then shoulders between Cas’ thighs to put his mouth to gentler use.
He nudges Sam towards the basement, walking them quickly into a room that Sam knows wasn’t there the last time he was down here. Stepping over the raised lip of the door, he lowers the shotgun and stares at the curved walls and the pentagram protected light.
“We didn’t know Lilith was coming.” The excuse sounds exactly like it is. An excuse. Henriksen reaches out, whip fast, and grabs Sam by his jacket. He yanks him around and throws him into the side of the car with a heavy thud. The metal dents under the force of it. Sam scrambles for the handle. The shotgun’s only a foot away on the dashboard where he left it. Henriksen gets to him first, grabbing him by the hair and dragging him back. His other hand hits the windows in front of Sam’s face and Sam sees a brand on the back, ugly and red, before he’s pulled back and slammed face first into the window. The glass cracks.
Castiel does not want to leave. In another story, Castiel might have the strength to pull away and seek out another vessel. This is not that story.
Between one thought and the next, the air in the library pulls and settles. The hair on the back of Sam’s neck raises and when he looks up, Dean’s leaning back against the front of Bobby’s desk, fingers curled under the edge.
“I invoke, conjure, and command thee. Tell me your name,” he says. There’s a spark under his fingers. Not electricity. Light. Holy and blisteringly alien.
“Don’t move, Sammy, I got you,” Dean assures, and Sam's shirt pull against his skin when Dean curls his hand into it. He closes his eyes and Dean says something harsh and demanding. The words blur together into a cacophony of sound, and he realizes there are other people around them. Did Wright's scream bring them outside?
Dean doesn’t know who Uriel is, but he’s pretty sure it’s one of Castiel’s siblings. Which means there’s an angel in the motel room. The motel room his brother isn’t in when he should be. He doubts the gun will do anything, but he thumbs off the safety. Useless weapon isn't going to stop him from burying a bullet between Uriel’s teeth if he doesn’t tell him where Sam’s gone.
It’s a link. The image of Dean on the stage in the Le Grange church flashes across the back of his eyelids and he gasps, wincing. The angel made this when he healed Dean. Anchored itself to something bright and pure at the center of Dean’s body. It’s so intrinsically Dean that Sam forgets what he’s doing and reaches for it. Dean hisses, jerking away, but comes back before the connection breaks. His jaw and arm are tense. Sam pulls away from the beautiful light with a muttered, “Sorry,” and tries to follow the connection outside of Dean’s body. “I invoke, conjure, and command thee.”
Cas complies easier than Dean expects him to, and together, they get him down to his boxers with only a little shuffling. Then Dean’s kneeling over him and reaching under the band to wrap a hand around his cock. Cas grabs at his shirt hard enough that the cotton fibers creak.
She smiles beatifically at him and then takes a small step away. Dean dips back out from under her umbrella and into the rain and she drops it back down to her height.
There’s a loud whoosh—like a thousand birds taking flight—and the space where Dean was standing is empty. Sam yells his brother’s name and looks frantically around the room.
He’s been apprehended near the tent by the local police. Sam vaguely remembers seeing them Sunday. No one’s handcuffed Dean, but the older cop has his left wrist bent at an awkward angle when he shoves Dean forward. Sue Ann is gathering herself together a few yards away, clutching a silver circle that’s hanging around her neck. She tucks it under her sweater and walks over to where Dean’s being held.
“Yeah.” The whole story spills out before he can stop himself. The bright light living under Dean’s skin, reaching out to burn demons from their bodies without any consideration for the humans it leaves behind. The fact that his brother’s been dragged off to God knows where. Sam’s happiness at his brother being alive is incandescent, but he’s afraid. He wants to beret himself for trusting Ruby with this, but he can’t put it into words with Bobby and he needs to talk to someone. He and Ruby have their secrets already. What’s one more?
The mood after they leave the hall is pleasant. Dean’s still riding the buzz of arousal and firmly ignoring the confused panic. It was just the memory of a good night a few years ago and not… whatever the hell Cas was doing. He doesn’t think the angel even knew what he was doing and Dean’s not about to ask him either, so he’s happy to let their mutual good moods take them back to the motel.
“Gotta make sure I’m not getting rusty and Cas can learn something more interesting than harp music.”
Elijah reaches out toward him and Dean freezes, caught between rocking forward to meet him and stumbling back out of his space. The heat of his palm is a brand when it wraps around the lower curve of his shoulder, and Elijah moves forward while reeling him half a stumbling step closer.
“Talking to people is difficult," Elijah adds sullenly. There’s no apology in him, so Dean’s not even sure why he’s still standing here.
“That’s the best part. Get this. Elijah? Dude was a prophet. There’s some stories about him becoming an angel, but I don’t think it’s his real name.”
The last thing Sam expects when he unlocks the motel door is to find Castiel sitting on the end of Dean’s bed, legs folded up like a pretzel with his elbows on his knees and watching TV. Wearing a hoodie. An angel in a hoodie. Sam tries to imagine that one in stained glass in some church in Rome and has to take a second. Mostly to absorb the fact that the angel’s watching MASH reruns while Dean field strips and cleans their guns on the rest of the untaken mattress space.
Cas’ grip loosens and Dean nearly lets him pull away. End it right there and move on from the whole mess—but the raw hurt from Cassie has made him desperate to pull someone, anyone, close. It’s too early to hit a bar and pick up a chick and definitely not late enough to look for a guy with dark hair and blue eyes and a couple bills to spend.
His voice is whiskey rough when he murmurs into Dean’s ear, “I’m not attending the service tomorrow evening.”
“It's probably the best guess we have besides the really obvious one. That this is all a coincidence. Freak accidents, just like the doctor said. Maybe Elijah’s the real deal and completely harmless.”
“Yeah, sure. Try to get the six in the corner pocket,” Dean says, gesturing to the far left corner from where they’re standing. Castiel slip instinctively to the forefront and the room settles into something a little more physical as he shifts his awareness fully into this dimension, his grace reflecting off the bottle still in his hand when it flashes behind Dean’s eyes.
“I’m going to reach down your throat and rip out your lungs,” she threatens. Dean leans forward and smiles.
Elijah’s eyes widen and the square bracket of his shoulders curve forward with a hasty apology. Dean watches him retreat to the opposite side of the room near a wall of windows behind an empty armchair. It’s the same strange posture he had in the tent, arms hanging at his side, body stiff and alarmingly still.
Dean’s holding as still as he can in the silence, still pissed about Sam’s teasing, but trembling with bored energy. Sam concentrates on the spot where Elijah laid his hand and only feels the scratchy stubble Dean’s too lazy to take a razor to. He exhales with frustration when nothing happens.
“What the hell are you?” Dean demands. Sam grabs him by the arm and hisses that they need to get out. Dean can feel him trying to drag him towards the door, but he isn’t moving. The presence is hovering around him, protective and full of righteous anger. Sam strains with the force he’s using to try and usher him out of the restaurant.
“Dean?” Sam sounds like he’s talking through a thick wall. Wings beat through the air and a burning cold tears through him, light rushing over him like water, burying him and blocking out everything else in the room. Gentle hands hold something deep under his bones. He gasps.
Zachariah’s expression sinks into something neutral and reasonable. He grips Castiel’s shoulder amiably. “Consider it a temporary reassignment. Oh, don’t worry, we’ll have you back on the field soon enough. God has big plans for Winchester.”
Seven hours and change after leaving Bobby’s, they pull into the parking lot of a motel on the outskirts of Jefferson City. Dean lets the car roll to a stop outside the office so Sam can slide out and get them a room. They haven’t talked much, Sam buried in one of the books he’d taken from Bobby’s house, which, weird as hell. Bobby’s always been so protective of the books in his home and there’s no telling when they’ll be back around to his place. No guarantee the thing is gonna make it back in one piece.
“Don’t,” he chokes out, the sound catching on his teeth, too quiet for Sam to hear. His vision clears with a rush of white blue heat and he can’t tell if it’s memory or Castiel, but he shoves Cas back and away from him with a vicious flare of anger anyway. The angel’s presence fades to white noise and then silence. Dean knows he’s still there, lurking somewhere he can’t feel him. He grits his teeth and asks Sam, “Anything else I should know?”
“You’re the one looking for miracles, Sam. I just happened to find one. Was gonna send a hunter up there to see what was going on, eventually. Make sure the guy was Kosher, so to speak, but haven’t had the time. Hell, even Singer’s not having much luck getting folks to do milk runs these days. Had two exorcisms last month alone. Figure you and Dean can kill two birds with one stone if this guy’s legit, and if he’s full of shit, well…” Joshua leaves the sentence unfinished.
“Okay, walk me through that shot,” Dean says, pitching his voice so that the words won’t carry through the nearly empty hall.
“Where’s the coffee?” Dean bitches, rubbing at his eyes with the back of one hand. He squints tiredly down at it like Sam handed him a cup of spiders.
Cas looks up from the necklace and across the bed at him, steady as a lighthouse in a storm when he meets Dean’s eyes. “Dean, you renamed me.”
“With the knife?” Bobby knows Sam wouldn’t be ready to throw Dean across the room if he'd used the damn knife, but he has to ask.
“Yeah… and so are the deaths. Six of them. Usually the next day. All of them blamed on electrical fires or lightning strikes. Guess what else they have in common.”
The ground vibrates under his feet, and it rolls through like the earth might tear open under their feet. Wright turns towards the sedan and starts digging into his pocket. A bolt of lightning flashes, making Sam jerk to a stop and close his eyes shut against it.
Bobby tells him he gets to replace the sink, but lets the incident slide with a worried look and a finger of whiskey pressed into his still trembling fingers. He lets Dean get away with that sign of weakness too, and claps a hand to his shoulder. Dean loves him so much. It's enough to make Dean settle back into himself and he throws back the drink.
Dean hesitates. “So you just jump someone else's bones instead of mine? Why do you even want to stay?”
No one’s like Sam, least of all this guy with his prying eyes and frustratingly subtle expressions. His expression smooths when he looks back at Dean.
Sam doesn’t sleep that night. He folds himself up onto the couch and picks up the lore book he’d been reading yesterday and tries to pretend the words are blurry because he’s tired. It doesn’t quite work, but he hasn’t gotten any water on the page, so he’s succeeding somewhere. The house is mercifully silent except for the singing of insects out in the yard and the hum of the refrigerator. He scrubs his face. This isn’t getting him anywhere. Maybe he could call Pamela and see if she can help track Dean down. Or send a message. He just wants his damn brother here so they can figure this out. Together.
That’s easy. Dean kicks off from the clinic bed and shrugs back into his jacket before declaring, “I’m going to check out the healer. You look into the dead guy.”
Sam shushes him. It’s okay to use the help. Missouri had made him repeat the words until Sam had them memorized. This isn’t a failure that he needs them.
Halfway from the car to the door, Castiel grabs him and hauls his body to a stumbling stop. Wings flare out behind him with an audible flutter of feathers and then wrap around him and what the hell? It’s the second or third time tonight Dean’s sure he’s spotted them, but unlike the transparent shadows from before, the damn things are nearly opaque now. If he weren’t already reaching for his gun, he might have reached out to touch one of them.
“Maybe yeah,” Sam says with a shrug. His throat clicks, shoes scuffing the tiles next to Dean’s leg as Dean settles back under the sink with the wrench. “Listen, Dean…”
“Well, I’d say combining the pentacle and the angel’s name is enough to set the spell, but breaking it on the other hand…” She skims through several pages while Sam waits impatiently. “Okay, think I found it. Gift—no, giving. Giving the name back,” she answers, nodding to herself and then flipping back to the spell for creating the seal. The ingredients had made Sam’s stomach turn when he’d translated it last night. Way too many animal parts for his taste. “It’s all pretty damn simple if you don’t mind the blood and bird mangling. Can you imagine if this stuff actually worked?”
Seeing Cassie again is what he thinks falling in love must feel like: quick, painful, and over way sooner than Dean wants. She’s still as quick witted and gorgeous as Dean remembers, and falling back into her orbit is an old habit he doesn’t want to break. That she helps fill the empty space gnawing at him since Nebraska helps, and neither she nor Sam notice the way he throws himself at her just a little bit harder than necessary. It feels good, being the sort of man he tells himself he wants to be.
“Well, we don’t know for sure he’s killing people, but let’s go with that theory for a second.” He debates over search terms before he starts typing. There’s got to be some monsters that have wings and make a habit of setting people on fire. The internet takes its sweet time loading, but the first few results look promising when Sam starts clicking through them. “Hey, what about a phoenix? They're associated with healing, right?”
He knows, without a doubt, that the cashier must be looking at them now, but he doesn’t dare check. What he does do is draw his shoulders back and pull himself up to his full height, using all two of the extra inches he has on Elijah—and the added half inch from his boots—to stare him down until he finally,
He adds in the last few credit cards—the limits on those aren't even that high, a few hundred a piece—but it doesn't help much.
“You should…” Elijah starts and stops, clutching the edge of the lectern in one white knuckled hand as he turns back toward Sue Ann. Dean can’t see his face anymore, but the angle of his shoulders is high and tense, dropping only when Sue Ann dips her chin slightly. Elijah twists back toward him and it’s only then that Dean sees how blue his eyes are, wide and curious. “You should come up here.”
He’s so distracted that he doesn’t even notice Sam’s dragged him up toward the front few rows and positioned him right in the aisle seat behind Layla.
“This is how I held you when I healed your heart,” Cas answers, voice a deep purr. Dean thinks of long drives in the Impala with the windows down, the vibration of the engine in his bones and the open road to anywhere at his fingertips. “I can’t see most human souls when I’m envesseled, but you shone so brightly, Tzadik.”
He has the sense to lower his voice before continuing. “You don’t know shit about me or my dad. I might be a whore, but at least I ain’t a murderer.
The deliberate way he says the words makes Dean’s trembling grip on Sam's shirt go still and then unwind completely. Sam bites back a whimper, and his eyes fly open in alarm as Dean shoves himself up onto his feet, pulling the comforting heat of his body away, and stalks out of sight.
“An angel cannot possess a human without consent.” Dean makes a sound of derision. “You asked me for this. Begged me not to leave you and I… I did not want to.”
The thought of replacing his heart with one someone died to give had made Dean want to throw something at her. No, he’d insisted. No to everything. The pills, the heart surgery, the list. Too much damn money to waste when there wasn’t enough of it, anyway. Money Sam would need to keep following Dad’s breadcrumbs once Dean was dead.
Cas is perched on the edge of the bed like he belongs there, and it’s enough to make Dean grind his teeth together. He drinks in the sight of the angel helplessly. Somewhere in the weeks since Nebraska, he’s lost the black suit in favor of a pair of dark jeans and a faded white button down layered over a plain black t-shirt. The dark red hoodie almost pulls the whole thing together, except the strings for it are hanging at completely different lengths down his chest. Dean flexes his fingers around the hilt of his gun and glares at him from down the barrel.
“What the hell was that, Dean?” Sam demands, soon as the door is closed. Bobby stands and puts space between Dean and Sam, looking between them. Sam's practically vibrating with worry and anger and Dean's clenching his jaw and staring up at Sam. They're about two seconds from a fist fight and Bobby ain't having it.
Sam's surprised yelp had Dean opening one eye to stare at him even as he purred lightly. A light pink dusted his cheeks as waved his hands between Sam and Adam.
"Yes. Yes he did. It was..." Dean looked away from the car to see the hopeful look on the young man's face and swallowed whatever he was about to say. "It was....a very reliable car. Could haul almost everything."
Castiel felt the hair on the back of his neck stand on end as he took in the way Michael and Lucifer traded what they thought were subtle looks.
"I've been around a while, picked up a few thing here and there. I've been working on this for a bit. Took me a bit to find the stolen piece of jewelry."
Sam took a step forward and Castiel fought the urge to take a step back. He understood what Sam was feeling, he could feel the worry bubbling under his skin and settling in the now bigger pit in his stomach. However he was not going to back down from Sam's wrath. He couldn't.
"Hey Clarence, don't worry, we'll find your Boy Toy. What that you always tell me...Have Faith. That's what we need to do right now. Have Faith that everything is going to turn out ok."
Castiel choked on his in drawn breath, his eyes wide and his cheeks heating up as he flicked his eyes over to Dean before looking back at Ash.
"Well look who arrived finally, the prodigal son. I wondered if you were coming in today boss man or if I was going to have to keep everyone in line."
The words were growled with deadly intensity and Castiel reacted instantly, baring his teeth at Rowena and moving into another protective stance as much as their knotted position would allow him too. Dean's eyes were slowly filtering gold and his scent had seemingly vanished, only the slight edge of Omega rage detected.
"Sammy! What the hell?" Another voice called out and Castiel felt himself freeze as the warm baritone washed over him. "Look man I'm sorr...sonvuabitch.."
"Well they put his shoulder back into place, and they put a tourniquet into place but he still kept bleeding. I thinking the horn caught him somewhere else."
The shop itself was cool and well kept, a receptionist taking their names and letting them know that their personal tailor would be with them shortly. As the trio waited in a rather lavish sitting area another employee came over with a tray of drinks and offered them a glass of brandy, whiskey, or scotch that was politely turned down by all three citing they had other things they had to do after leaving.
"Of course he does, I wouldn't let anyone out of my shop in anything less than perfect." Crowley sniffed as he reached up and brushed off an invisible piece of lint from the shoulder of Dean's suit. "C'mon Squirrel, lets get you into your regular clothes and then I'll start work on tall, dark, and handsome over there."
Dean pulled away slightly and there was another brief moment of intense eye contact before Dean leaned in and pressed a soft, chaste kiss to his lips. He rumbled contentedly as he pulled Dean into his lap, silencing the man's yelp of protest with another kiss. Once they both were breathless he pulled away, pressing his forehead to Dean's as he panted softly.
Dean's voice was breathy and slurred already, his body rocking back against Castiel slowly but with purpose. His hands tightened on Dean's hips, dragging him back against him as he bit down on the blonde's shoulder. They rocked together for a few moments, the smell of their combined arousal making any and all coherent thought nonexistent.
"Do that often then?" He teased as he followed his brother into the house, looking around as they headed into the kitchen.
"It's not a bother and I have plenty of time off accumulated. They can function without me for a bit."
Once focused he found the tear and thankfully it wasn't worse than a small nick. He got it and the wound closed up and once he wrapped the area he had the man sent to recovery to wait out the anesthesia. He changed out of his bloodied surgery scrubs into clean ones and went to find the man that had come in with the patient. He wasn't that hard to find, the man could be heard yelling out in one of the waiting rooms.
Sleep that night was a long time coming and even then Castiel's dreams were plagued with bright green eyes and nearly there kisses.
"Don't objectify the man Meg." He retorted automatically, though his mind brought up several ideas involving those short shorts.
It still felt like there was an impenetrable wall of ice between them but when Castiel moved close enough to brush shoulders with his mate he was pleased that Dean didn't move away. He nudged Dean's side to get his attention as he brought the man's hand up to his lips so he could brush a kiss over the knuckles.
"Ah, yes. The "magic user"." Dean snorted with a roll of his eyes, and though Castiel couldn't see it he was sure Dean had used finger quotes and the thought sent a warm thrill through him at his mate picking up his mannerisms. "I'm pretty sure I made my thoughts clear on that yesterday."
Castiel laughed before leaning in to press a light kiss to Dean's cheek, nuzzling him gently. "Never could get anything past you Omega Mine." He nipped Dean's jaw lightly, his voice low. "I know you want to protect them, that you need to and right now you're doing exactly that. Sam, Jimmy and I know that we're little more than muscle, here to do your bidding."
The sound of rustling fabric caught his attention and looking up he watched as Dean placed himself between him and Rowena, blocking her view of him and Jack. He knew that his Alpha should be upset at this display but instead his Alpha purred happily, content that his Omega was protecting him and relieved that his Omega still loved him enough to protect him.
"So what.. you just go around knocking up women and leaving them to raise your children? Do you even care what happens to them?"
"Cas." Jimmy's voice pulled his attention away from the two men on the couch, his eyes moving over his brother to make sure that he was safe. "These are my...er, our brothers. Michael," The dark haired one nodded. "And Lucifer." The blonde one smirked as he looked between them. "They came for a...visit."
The world turns sideways around him and the scrape on his palm fades. He pushes his hand through his hair and stands back up, catching his own gaze in the mirror. Something is looking back at him from behind his own eyes.
Dean knows rationally what Elijah means. He’s too good of a hunter not to, which means Sue Ann’s getting reckless—but his mind zeroes in on every point of contact between their bodies simultaneously. Sweat breaks out across his hairline, prickling the skin under his arms and down his back. There’s a few inches between their stomachs and Dean’s hyper-aware of how easily he could grab the corner of Elijah’s open suit jacket and close the distance. Just a little more and he could slip his hand right under the damp wool fabric, and to the white dress shirt underneath.
“What the hell happened?” he demands, reaching out to cup his brother’s face in one hand. Castiel stirs in the corner of his mind and twists down his arm and into his hand, icy under his skin and then nothing but heat against his palm. Light pours from his hand and his vision whites out briefly, focus slipping as Cas nudges him gently to the side. He feels Sam flinch and when he’s pulled firmly back into himself again, Sam is blinking at him in surprise. Dean drops his hand and checks Sam's face again. The bruises and lacerations are gone.
“No!” Mrs. Rourke glares hatefully at him. “What have you done to deserve to live more than my daughter?”
“How you feeling?” Bobby squeezes his shoulder gently. Dean looks out the windows, and watches wings curl around his body like they're trying to protect him from something. They’re nothing but shadows that he can't focus on. Trying only makes the space behind his eyes ache. He wonders if Bobby would see it if he looked.  If it will be him or Sam that's going to kill him when they find out what’s inside him. Dean swallows and looks pointedly away. He doesn't want to make either of them kill him. He doesn't want to die.
He glances at Dean and raises both his eyebrows. Dean shakes his head minutely and, okay, so they don’t need to start budgeting for a second room yet. Sam’s been oblivious, but he’s not stupid. Gives him time to think about how to explain Cas to Dad anyway, though Sam’s still sure he’s gonna blow up no matter what.
The question slaps him in the face and he chokes on a denial—his brother went to hell for him, he wouldn’t let that happen—but Ruby’s gone before he can get the words out, leaving him alone with the thought that he might know his brother, but he doesn’t know Castiel. The memory of those burned out bodies haunts him. His cell phone goes off, pulling him out of his thoughts and back into the present. He checks the caller ID before flipping it open and pressing it to his ear. “Bobby?”
“Gotta what? Dean, what do you have to do?” Sam asks, and this time he’s demanding, trying to get anything but half conversations and vague replies. Dean reaches for the kitchen towel on the counter and starts drying his face.
“Angels,” he clarifies. “Angels perform miracles all the time in scripture. It’s kinda what they’re known for.”
“Do you have an address?” he asks, tonguing the cap back into the corner of his mouth and clenching down on it with his molars.
Dean grinds his molars together. “Don’t fucking preach to me, you dick. Do you even care about those people you killed?”
Dean waits until the bartender brings him a beer. It’s cool and soothing, but the taste breaks down just enough to make it yeasty and heavy on his tongue. It’s better than the beer at Bobby’s though and that seems to cheer Dean up a little as he looks for an empty table. He doesn’t explain the game to Castiel, just starts play by himself, asking one of the servers to bring him another beer when he finishes the first one. By the time he’s started his third, Castiel thinks he has a grasp of the idea of the game, though he’s not certain of the rules being used at the other tables.
“People see a thing they can’t explain,” Sam argues, catching hold of Dean’s arm when he wobbles unsteadily. It gets Sam an ungrateful elbow to the rib while Dean glances around them nervously. Sam tightens his grip and pulls Dean closer to his side to keep him on his feet, not caring how it looks. “They want to have a little faith in something bigger. Maybe you should, too.”
Sam backs away towards the fireplace, ankle catching on a pile of books deliberately, so he can stumble back and put more space between them. “If we’d known—”
“I’ve been… allowing him to maintain control over his body when I’m not using it,” he answers. “Treating him as a normal vessel would be detrimental to gaining his trust.”
Dean stares. Cas looks back at him. He’s pouting. It’s subtle, but Dean knows a pout when he sees one. Sam’s been doing them as part of his bitch face routine for years. The one on Cas’ face is the most hilarious thing Dean’s seen in weeks.
Sam startles when his cell phone vibrates on the table, ringtone screaming. He scrambles, shoving his laptop aside, and grabs his phone, flipping it open and answers without checking to see who’s calling.
Sam pushes past him to search the rest of the house, yelling for Dean and Castiel. Bobby shouts after him and Sam stops part way up the stairs, chest tight with pain.
“Think you might have turned me around on the subject,” Dean says, trying for sincere and falling flat when she laughs at him.
“God rewards the good, and He punishes the corrupt,” Le Grange continues, and the tent fills with exalted cheers and prayers. The self-satisfied smile on Le Grange’s face curls up a little more and he gestures back with one hand toward the healer. “And it is the Lord who sent Elijah to us. To work through him so that He may see into the hearts of the people and heal them.”
“No. It’s cool, I’m fine, just a—it’s not you, it’s me,” he assures hastily, falling back on tried-and-true rejections that have worked in the past. “Wrong, uh, species? I don’t do…” he gestures between them with a nervous laugh. “Only gay for p—holy shit, forget I said that, okay?”
Dean thinks about telling him, gets so far as to open his mouth and feel the shape of the sentence, but it sticks there. He swallows it down with a click.
Dean hunches his shoulders and pouts. Sam wants to find it funny, but all he can do is feel exasperated and swallow, his throat tight.
“Uh.” Dean tears his eyes away from Elijah and to the reverend. “Just… trying to get a sense of what happened.”
“I think this thing followed me to the fill-up joint after it dragged me out,” Dean explains as he tugs his shirt free to show Bobby the burn on his arm, and then adds carefully, “or rode me out.”
He spends five minutes scrubbing the last week of his life down the drain, and by the time he’s tugging on a fresh flannel and stepping out of the bathroom, Sam’s finally got the nerve to say something.
The flap of the tent isn’t quite closed, light spilling out across the wet mud and shining on a tire track filled with water.
This is not what he wants to happen. Especially with the way Layla and her mother both straighten up in their seats in front of him. He’s so used to being able to get away with making a snide remark without consequence that it’s damn fucking embarrassing to have the attention of the entire tent on him. Real easy for the reverend to draw attention to him when he’s only a couple weeks off from being dead. He probably looks about as intimidating as a teddy bear right now.
She kicks him in the stomach and reaches down to rip into him with her hands. In the light from the window, Sam sees the mark, same as Henriksen’s, and he swings the poker out of the rack and through her body. The rest of the tools tip over with a crash, and Meg’s ghostly form disappears in a wisp of smoke. He stays on the floor until he catches his breath.
“Hey, no, switch seats,” he hisses, putting in enough of an effort to make Sam get up that the woman sitting next to Sam has to shush them. Dean shoves himself back into his seat and shoves his hands into his pockets and keeps watching the room until Le Grange clears his throat into the microphone hooked up to the pulpit. There’s a soft murmur of voices and then silence.
“Uh,” Sam says. Dean hears him swallow down the last of his beer. “One of the windows on the car might be broken.”
“So, what did you find?” Dean asks finally, and Sam bursts, twisting towards him in the passenger seat and pulling out Sue Ann’s book.
“I’m an angel of the Lord.” Castiel reaches out with his grace and pulls lighting from the clouds to light up the sky outside. The flash makes a pair of his wings appear on the wall and he stretches them out so the shadows appear in Dean’s line of sight. Awe radiates from Dean's soul and Castiel feels pride for a second time.
Impulsively, Dean wants to ask him to come with them. Cas has more than proved capable of handling himself, so there’s no fear he’d be out of his depth. Except he’d probably be an awkward bastard around people. A year in a shitty fundie town ain’t socializing, and their last conversation showed that Cas is about as smooth as the back end of a porcupine.
He’s been dead for four months. Only four months. How? God, he feels stretched and worn thin at the edges thinking about how long it's really been.
“You can let him go. I’m not gonna press charges.” She looks briefly over when Sam strips off his jacket to wipe the mud off it, and her eyes widen when she takes in the state of him. Soaking wet and completely uninjured. Something hardens behind her eyes when she looks back at Dean. “The Lord will deal with him as He sees fit.”
“Casti—” he gags, grits his teeth, and shoves the necklace up into the angel’s chest. “Damn it, Cas, take i—take it back.”
Dean scoffs, aiming his eyes toward the ceiling and away from the deep blue trying to search out something he isn’t at all prepared to give.
The fault must lie with him. He lifts his borrowed hand to Dean’s chest. The amulet hanging from around his neck digs into the meat of his palm. This can’t continue. He can feel Uriel’s displeasure at their failure manifesting itself in the way his vessel’s shoulders rise and fall, wings stirring up the debris around them in angry circles of air. Arariel is tight lipped and grim before them. She plucks at the material of her white gown, a restless, nervous gesture that Castiel knows he should reach out and stop. Take her hands between his own and offer her strength and guidance.
“I…” Elijah glances back into the house from where he’s hovering in the doorway and swallows, eyebrows knitting together. “Dig. Please.”
He calls Dean on the walk back to the car, a stack of scans from the book in a folder under one arm and the book tucked securely in his pocket. He explains as much of the professor’s rambling answers as Dean will tolerate. Dean sounds agitated over the phone and Sam wonders how badly picking up Layla went if he’s still ticked off about it.
“Private time,” he spits out finally, wiping his palm off on one knee and shoving himself up out of the Impala and back to his feet. Talking to Castiel is like trying to explain breathing to a rock, Jesus Christ. “There a way you can, I don’t know, go into standby mode or something.”
“Okay, Dean. Hey, listen, are you sure you wanna go tonight? I don’t mind,” Sam asks when they get into the room and Dean starts looking around. He flips the blankets up on the corner of his bed and squints at the sheets before pulling those up and looking at the mattress. The last thing they need is bedbugs. Or hex bags.
Dusty shelves filled with books, a filing cabinet in one corner, and a desk with a wicker back chair behind it. Bingo. Sam eases his way into the room and shuts the door behind him. There’s a book on the desk that turns out to be some old translation of the Bible and a notebook filled with cramped handwriting. He skims the page and decides Roy must be working on a new sermon. Nothing more sinister than the usual stuff guys like him preach.
“God commanded it.” Dean parrots the information back mockingly, derision dripping from every syllable. “Dude, shut up.”
Dean falls quiet save for his breathing and Sam scrapes for another argument about the good they're doing. They may not be healers, but they’re out there saving lives. That must mean something, right? Dean shrugs and says, before Sam can find the right words, “Because I’ve seen what evil does to good people.”
“Bobby'll know what to do,” he says into the silent vehicle a few minutes later while he stares at the hazy shadow of limbs and faces and wings in the rear view mirror. They look like they’re sprouting from his own body and a high pitched whining rises up in his ears that he could almost dismiss as tinnitus if the radio didn't start spitting static at him. The windows vibrate with the sound and Dean feels like he’s about to burst apart at the seams. He drums his fingers on the wheel and twitches his shoulders back. “Can we not with the hallucinations right now? I need to drive.”
Too late to chicken out now. He pushes open the door and blinks uncomfortably at the shelf of VeggieTales DVDs that greets him. Yeah, okay, he should have expected that one. He kicks water off his boots and into the floor mat, scanning the store for his quarry. There’s a middle-aged woman reading a book while leaning over the counter by the register, ignoring the two customers that just walked into the building. Only, Dean can’t seem to find the other one from where he’s standing.
Cas has the decency to look a little embarrassed, and his pupils widen when he dips his gaze down to the scar before looking back up guiltily. Dean holsters the gun and picks up the blue flannel shirt he’s been tearing the seams out of for the last few minutes. He rips the sleeve in half a little more viciously than necessary and tosses the stained piece into the garbage can at his feet.
The tall one--Samael apparently--stopped waving his hands around, his head tilting to the side as he stared at Dean.
"Easy Alpha..neither Benny or I have attended him, he has made it clear that he no longer needs our services. In fact he threatened to castrate Benny should he come near him again in a heat."
"Those are both excellent ideas." Castiel tossed out; smirking as both men jumped. "I must say this is very much quite the surprise to wake up to." He pushed himself into a seated position against the head board, his hand snaking beneath the covers to stroke himself slowly while his eyes roamed over to the two men next to him.  "But I have an idea that you both might like even better."
Dean scowled and crossed his arms. "Why not a restraining order? Sounds like clear cut and dry harassment and stalking."
Sam had been staying with him and Cas since his arrival, soaking in the calm and looking over the vacant plots of land that Cas had laid out for him. Though Eileen had not tossed off her mortal coil yet, Sam wanted a warm and quiet place of their own to where she could settle once she did arrive.
Dean stared out of the windshield before exiting the car, moving around to the front to lean against the hood. Castiel followed suit, leaning against the warmed hood and just close enough to brush elbows with Dean lightly. He looked out over the fields, the barren grapevine terraces dotting the landscape as far as the eye could see. He shifted slightly so he could look at Dean.
"No!" Castiel felt his face explode in heat and he cleared his throat before speaking again, praying that his voice would actually work without breaking. "We never..took that step..we..uh..just.."
"Yes Clarence, we. You, Deputy Tall Drink over there and Lil ole me. We have to pack for our trip back home."
“Yeah? Charlie is there, and Benny, and Garth. They’re in good hands, but you need to take care of yourself once in a while.”
The morning of the ceremony dawned bright and warm and with minimal emotional outbursts or panicked flailing from his brother Castiel found himself standing opposite of Dean as Gabriel and Sam pledged their lives to one another. The combination of a traditional mating and a wedding had seemed slightly insane when Gabriel first explained it but watching it unfold was exciting and he had to admit that it fit Gabriel perfectly. It was definitely going to be an occasion to remember and no doubt those invited would be talking about it for a long time to come.
The archangel fell silent for a moment, his eyebrow arched as he watched the play of emotions filter over the other man's face a smirk fliting over his own.
"Mmm, as much as I hate to put an end to this maybe we should a more comfortable..private spot to continue this in."  Jimmy purred as he moved again to nibble on Dean's earlobe.
Castiel took a step forward before Dean's glare pinned him in place. His eyes flicked to Michael and watched as the man's gaze traveled over his mate in a near hungry way. A growl clawed it's way from his throat but it was lost to the rest of the noise in the room at the moment.
"Protein? And lots of it? I've worked here long enough to know a Heat/Rut basket when I hear the request, and you Boss don't smell of Rut so it can only be a Heat basket request."
Chastised Balthazar huffed, his finger absentmindedly stroking over his cheek as he sucked in a breath.
"And I did some digging and found out about our brothers, our three Alpha Brothers." Gabriel snarled as he looked away from Jimmy. "Dad blamed Mom for giving him an Omega child and said she was weak and it showed..that he never should have left his first mate for someone with a weak blood line."
With that Dean stood and headed back towards the booth, stopping in to say something to Sam before walking away, presumably towards the house that he knew was situated towards the back of the property. Standing he brushed his pants off before taking Claire's hand and leading her back towards the truck, ignoring the questions about why they were leaving. As they drove back home he fumed, his anger a slow building inferno until they made it to the house. He sent Claire off to find her mother before finding his brother sitting in his office going over some invoice or the other. He knocked on the door frame before striding in and slamming his hands down on the top of the desk.
Castiel wanted to argue his brother's statement but he knew it was true. Growling he sat back down, his eyes on the floor. A hand on his shoulder drew his attention and he looked over to see Jimmy offering him a soft smile. He offered one in return before focusing back on the conversation.
This time the voice was not Henry's and the nasally tone sent shivers down his spine. He tried to narrow his eyes at the blurry outline of the older man but all it drew was a chuckle from him.
His words were halted by the sound of the front door slamming open, the scent of angry Omega filling the air. Quickly he moved both his and Rowena's cups to safety and settled down on one of the kitchen island chairs, his head tilted slightly as he tried to put out as much calming Alpha scent as he could. The scent thickened even further before Dean entered the room, his jaw clenched and Jack sitting on his hip with one hand fisted in Dean's shirt and the other stuffed in his mouth. The small pup started to fuss and reach for him the moment his eyes landed him and Castiel reached out, gently taking him from Dean and holding him close in order to allow Jack to scent him and to scent him in return.
Just as he was about to fire off another question the door to the office slammed open and Dean stood in the doorway, his taser gun held at the ready as he eyes scanned the room to take stock of the situation. Behind him Adam stood quietly, his eyes wide and frightened.
It was Jimmy's turn to roll his eyes as he extracted himself from Castiel's embrace to sit on the edge of the bed. Their filming day was only half over, lunch having been called early due some sort of audio error. He sighed as he looked over his shoulder at Castiel, a grin quirking the corner of his lips.
"Doesn't seem so bad to me. I rather like Charlie." He looked down, studying his feet where they dug into the dirt. "And what about you Dean? Do you dream of pups in the future." The question came out unbidden. "You don't have to answer that...I'm sorry.."
"You did really good Dean and judging by the look on your face you found subspace." Dean lazily rolled his shoulder even as he leaned heavier against Chief's leg. "Yeah, that's subspace. What I would like you to do now Dean is get up take a seat in the chair again. Can you do that for me?"
Dean looked over at him before looking away again, his voice low, his voice still caught in the same strange tone that Castiel couldn't put a name too.
The furrow on Castiel's forehead deepened, his eyes nearly slits they were squinted so tight. "But Dean is an Alpha..."
"Hey Gabe, uh Charlie wanted me to put in an order for some extra bread and maybe a pie or two for Moondoor. Heya Cas. Dean said you'd returned. Been a long time."
Dean faltered for a second before getting up and taking the couple shaking steps forward before getting down on his knees. He wasn't sure if kneeling was different from being on his knees, but he was sure Chief would tell him if he was doing it wrong.
"I take it these are your Best Men?" He asked as he gave Castiel's hand a quick pump before turning his attention back to Gabriel.
Panic set in and Castiel rushed Dean, wrapping him in his arms and holding him tightly as he tripped over his words in his haste to reassure his mate that he wanted nothing more than him and their children. They spent the day talking after that, Castiel receiving a sharp nip to his shoulder with a huffed admonishment of “knothead” for keeping it all bottled up instead of sharing the mental load. What didn’t get said was that Dean himself was guilty of the same thing when it came to cases eating away at him but the Omega promised to try better himself at opening up about things.
Their talk was cut short when the two Omega's sauntered into the living room, Gabriel throwing his arms around Sam and tugging him down for a kiss as Dean made gagging faces behind their backs. He wanted to smile at the blonde, but he couldn't make himself do it his inner wolf clawing and whining to go over and wrap around Dean protectively after what Sam had just shared with him. Knowing Dean as he did however he knew that the action would most definitely not be welcomed, and the fact that Sam had even shared any of what Dean no doubt seen as a weakness would cause the blonde to close off and put everyone at arms distance.
The fond smile on Gabriel's face made Castiel's heart clench and the idle thought of wanting that for himself wafted through his mind. Their conversation fell into a comfortable lull, each one lost to their own thoughts.
"Chamomile ok? It's the only kind I have currently, we're out of green tea." He called over his shoulder, only to startle when he found Rowena standing behind him.
"Balthazar.." Castiel's huff about the annoying nickname dying on his tongue as his eyes landed on the large dark bruise marring the other man's cheek. "What happened?"
Castiel stayed silent, his eyes cast downwards while he huffed; his arms crossed as he sulked like a child.
"Well then it's a good thing you have me as a friend then Bitches." Charlie called out as she swept into the room. "All hail the Queen."
"Do it! Go ahead and do it you coward!" Dean's voice was broken, fatigue and grace deep sadness in every exhaled word.
It had started as a way to calm Dean's jangled nerves and help with Amelia's nausea when it got to the uncomfortable point in her pregnancy. Gabriel on the other hand had just joined in to be part of the cuddle pile while Meg maintained she was only there to tease Dean about his overtly Omega tendencies that were starting to become more and more common place. That normally ended up with the two mock wrestling with Dean shoving Meg into the thick of the blankets and pinning her until she gave up.
"Dean you need to get the pups, the other Omegas and leave. Go to Moondoor, or anywhere else. You can't stay here. Please! Listen to me."
"Well, well, well, looks like little Cassie has it bad." Gabriel waggled his eyebrow at him, a smirk playing on his lips. "Tell me Cassie, what does Deano smell like to you?"
Dean chuckled as he patted Castiel's face, cupping it rather gently for a second before letting go. "Don't let anyone tell you that you're just a pretty face Cas."
Castiel felt a balloon of hope start to inflate in his chest right behind his breast bone as a smile slipped over his lips. In the farthest part of his mind he was still wondering why these feelings were present in the first place, Dean was his friend, they had been friends for as long as he could remember and yet in just a few hours he felt as if his whole world had been tipped onto it's axis and spinning out of control. The rest of the ride was quiet, but the silence was companionable and all too soon they were pulling into the driveway of Gabriel's home.
"Azazel bought me from Alastair for his breeder house. And all things considered it wasn't the worst place. I had running water, my own room and steady meals. The only downside was that no breeder was put into rotation until they provided Azazel with a pup so he could gage the quality of the pups we'd produce. He wasn't as heavy handed as Alastair and always made sure any marks could be easily covered. Alastair didn't care, he liked to cause as much pain as possible."
He pulls on the angel’s sleeve again. There’s a wrenching feeling in his wrist as he loses his grip on the wool. The room whites out as light pours from the angel above him and the inside of his chest throbs as something wraps around him from the inside. His mouth tastes like ash. He gets his hand around Sue Ann’s necklace and lifts it shakily.
"What Gad means is he helps with Omegas that require an Alpha's scent to help through a Heat. I'm one too. Our scents are so very light that it's like we're wearing 24/7 blockers. There's enough of a scent to help them through the Heat but not enough to make them feel uncomfortable."  Castiel's surprise must have shown on his face because Ash continued on, chuckle still present in his voice. "Not all Alpha's who work here are Heat Companions, just like not all Omega's who work here are Rut Companions. We each go through a thorough background check and psychological check before we're allowed to assist, and even then we're given a tea that suppresses our natural reaction to the Heat/Rut scent."
His nose scrunched up in distaste as he folded his arms over his chest. Sure his Agent did say that he'd be pretty much playing the same part in this movie as he has in previous walk on  movie roles; a wilderness survival expert of some sort; but the twist was that he'd end up dead in this. It was a small start but his Agent had been wanting to branch him out for quite some time.
At first glance there were no visible mating bites but he knew that didn't mean anything. A slow, cautious inhale revealed what seemed to be a familial bond, not a mated bond.  Another inhale brought another scent forward, softer than those around it. His eyes went wide, pup scent and not just any pup scent but his pup. The light apple and brown sugar scent from Dean was obvious but under that was the sweet, soothing scent of caramel. Before he say anything the large Alpha was between them, growling loudly as he backed Gabriel away from the door.
"I don't...I don't know what to say. That's something...I don't think I've ever heard of something like that."
His grip grew tighter on the collar of his brother's shirt and he yanked him a fraction closer.  "You will tell me and you will tell me now."
It was Castiel's turn to look down, his hands twisting on his desktop. "I can't just up and leave my clinic on such short notice. I can't leave Meg and Daphne alone again."
"Yes...and No. Claire carries some of my grace, marking her a claimed vessel. No other Angel will touch her."
"Jimmy hasn't returned any of our calls, nor has he shown up to any of the family functions in over a year. We were worried so we decided to drop in. Imagine our surprise when his last known address was empty and there was no forwarding address to be found. So with some help we found his trail and followed it here. And what do we find? Our dear Jimmy, mated, a father, and part of a pack."
"Boys?" Dean looked up at him under his lashes, his tongue flicking out to wet his lips. "This is a one night thing Mr. Krushnic?" He finished his question with lightly mouthing over the rigid outline of Castiel's length.
"She has a point.." He interjected, all his information about Omega reproduction from high school health class floating around in his thoughts.
"Yes Clarence, the rodeo. Just because you don't go out and have fun doesn't mean I don't. I wanted to see some cute men with tight little asses riding bulls and maybe take one home. But are you going to let me finish now?"
There was a slight hesitation where Dean's eyes moved around the room without stopping on one thing for more than a few seconds.
The errant thought of not remembering the last time he'd kissed his mate properly sprung to mind and Castiel set off to find Dean, checking in each of the man's normal haunts in the home until he happened to catch a glance of him sitting on the back deck. He stopped for a few moments, letting his gaze flick over his mate's side profile, drinking in the strong jaw, the soft stubble on his face, the wide muscled shoulders and strong chest. A sigh worked it's way free and he cleared his throat to get Dean's attention as he stepped through the french doors onto the deck.
Castiel rolled his eyes. "Oh right. The same defenseless Omega that liked having an Alpha under them? The same defenseless Omega that wrestled an Alpha into submission?"
"We don't, Everyone around here knows our faces, including yours I bet. They'd toss us out before we could even get to the door."
Castiel took his hand and gave it a firm shake. "No hard feelings, it's rather refreshing to see safety taken so seriously around here, but with Dean running things I shouldn't be surprised." He gave a small smile before he let his curiosity get the better of him. "Pardon me for my ignorance, but what is a 'Heat Companion'?"
"I believe God has spoken John. You've made your bed now lie in it." Dean's voice was cold but he didn't look at his father, instead he focused his attention on the young Celestial, bowing his head in deference.
"It's hard to say. You had your mother to help protect you. Your brothers only had each other. But does that mean he still might have tried? It's possible. Remember though that my opinion of him is very low so I'm always going to think badly of him."
"Tell you what Baby Bro, tonight will be a brothers night out...er in. I'll send Sam to spend the night with Dean and it'll be just us two."
"Wha??" He started before looking down at the small black tape. His eyes grew round as he traced his fingers over the worn lettering on the sticky tag.
"But I should be protecting them! I should be out hunting these bastards down and returning with their heads on a plate!" Dean huffed as he crossed his arms over his chest. "And don't think I haven't noticed that you've only fed me veggies so far."
Dean's eyes flicked over to where Castiel was sitting, his legs splayed as he lightly rubbed the flat of his hand over the growing thick bulge in his boxers. A grin quirked one corner of Dean's lips as he leaned in to whisper something into Jimmy's ear before the two of them turned to look at the seated man. There was a moments hesitation before the two stalked over to the couch and dropped down in synchrony, their hands resting on Castiel's thighs as they looked up at him.
Novak went silent and Dean was certain that he'd just cost himself the job. His shoulders drooped slightly but then Novak nodded.
"Claire...it's 9am on a Saturday, I promise there will be plenty of pumpkins to go 'round." He grumbled as he pulled the blankets up tighter around his head.
Castiel nodded as he dug his phone out from his pocket and pulled the website. "So you know how I've been saying that I've seen Dean somewhere before?"
The smirk on Dean's lips died away and out of the corner of his eye he watched Dean start to shift nervously. He quirked an eyebrow before speaking, one hand moving over to lay over top Dean's.
"Well look who we have here. I thought you were going to the library." He grinned as he came to a stop next to Dean, purposefully ignoring the wide fearful expression on Dean's face. "It seemed like rain and you forgot your jacket." He said as he draped said jacket over Dean's shoulders before turning his gaze onto the other two men. He stuck out his hand, smirk still in place. "I'm Castiel, Dean's dorm mate and you are?"
At the end of the hall he turned to the left; towards a door that despite being locked and chained could be opened just enough to let a person out on the small patio just beyond the door. When he'd been in school it'd been the place where the teachers would sneak off to for a cigarette between classes or when the students were taking a test. For him it was his safe space. No one bothered him out there, no one even knew he was there and it became his only respite from his fellow classmates.
"I should get going..I'm sure I'm going to have find somewhere else to stay until I find my own place here in town."
Dean trailed off as the thought that had been nagging him finally became clear. He jumped up from his place on the couch and made his way over to his duffle and started to dig through it, so completely focused on task at hand that he didn't notice that Jack had followed him over. He scowled as he rooted deeper and deeper into the bag until his fingers brushed against the item he was looking for. With a triumphant 'aha!' he pulled out a clear crystal and turned around only to jump back in alarm.
Castiel moved over and knelt down in front of Dean, cupping his face in his hands and pressing their foreheads together.
As Castiel scented Dean's throat later that night while they lay in bed he made the decision start digging deeper the next day. There were so many questions he had and he figured that the best place to start would be with his mother.
"Yes, he finds he makes more this way and it allows for better rapport between him and the bidders. Only the pure line will be up on the stage tonight, no one is to touch him. And if the rumors are true he will be worth the wait."
"Not worth that much, you'd get change back." Adam replied with a scoff, his face scrunched into an expression that looked like had crawled right off of Dean's face.
"My Oma..my real...no my Biological Oma...she would hit me sometimes, she blamed me for my Alpha father taking off. You and Oma aren't like that.."
"Enough." Dean snapped before sighing. "You're lucky, it was only rock salt. You're going to be sore for a few days but that's about it.  A couple piece managed to do some damage but you were far enough away it won't do much." Dean rubbed his face before looking back at him. "Why are you here Cas?"
"C'mon Deano, we've talked about this..you can't go scent dark on us. We need to know how you're feeling..c'mon.." Gabriel's voice was soft as he nuzzled against Dean, leaving his own scent mark on him.
"James, she's four and she told someone else that his own family didn't want him and then shoved him down. That is unacceptable and as a parent I would think you would be appalled by that behavior."
Nodding his head he placed the second empty glass down and followed after the shorter man through the door. They made their way down a short hallway before coming to stop in a room that has a semi-circle  of mirrors around a small raised stage while off to one side were racks of suits and vests.
"What do you mean it never came up? You two were going to mate and you never even bothered to ask what his last name was?"
Angels on their own have their own spectrum of color; his was made of greens and golds. It was only when they formed a mating bond that their world opened up to more colors. What once was only a life lived in greens and golds of everyone shade soon burst into blues, teals, golds, and blacks that held a faint shimmering of all the hues in creations.  The only problem that resulted was when one of the mated pair died or broke the bond that all the color was leeched away from the remaining mate, so a world of color could become a world of grays in the snap of a finger. For that reason alone Angels tended to stay away from the Solider Angels or the Garrisons stationed in dangerous places. But he had no chance from the very first moment he laid eyes on the dark haired Garrison Leader.
"Oh Dean, oh oh Dean..no...no." He stroked his hands down Dean's arms. "Meg isn't my mate. She's my Omega business partner. She and Daphne work at the clinic with me. That's all. We tried at one time way back when I first moved to Virginia but it didn't work and we decided to be friends."
He really did want to see this facility up close and see if it was everything that Gabriel had told him it was, but at the same time he wanted to observe his brother to see if he was just imagining his overly friendly interactions with Sam. In the end the desire to see the Moondoor Facility won out and he climbed into the old station wagon with Ash and watched the scenery speed by as they made their way out of town.
"Lucifer." The name was growled from the dark haired man, a scowl on his face. "I apologize for him. He's never had the best manners no matter how much Dad tried to have them trained into him."
"He's got a point Dean. If we can't be open in the privacy of our won trailer.." Jimmy started as he bit into his bacon.
"First let me bring out the elder Omega, he's properly trained and docile, he's good with pups of all ages so there's no worry about him around any other pups you  might have."
Confused Castiel looked over at Sam, his head tilted slightly to the side in questioning. With a heavy exhale the other Alpha explained briefly, his eyes never leaving his brother and mate.
There was something to be said about working the night shift at the ER. Castiel didn't know what it was, but there was something to be said. He'd just settled down at the nurses station to complete some paper work when his phone rang. Squinting he put his phone on the table and put it on speaker.
"You have quite the mate there Castiel." Michael tossed out, his one eyebrow arched as he took in Castiel's stiffened posture.
Gabriel's cackle could be heard through the door and not for the first time did Castiel plot the smaller man's disappearance. A glance at Jimmy showed that the easy going grin that had been there before Gabriel's interruption was now gone with a scowl replacing it. With a groan of the very unsexy kind Dean pushed himself to his feet, a frown of his own on his face.
"I've been working. You know I have to wear them for work." Dean hissed, his eyes narrowed now on Castiel's face.
Charlie had at one point suggested a Halloween party, and after a little bit of mixed begging and blackmailing managed to get both the brothers to agree; Sam going along easier with it than Dean. However in the end though anyone that knew Dean knew that he was only holding out because he had to keep his image intact. With a little eavesdropping it didn't take long for Cas to figure just which way Dean was looking to go that year. Plan in place he started to gather what he'd need; his costume was going to be a two part costume and while he had most of the first part, he needed to secure the second part.
"I'd rip his throat out if he had." He grazed Dean's scent gland with his teeth, a teasing scrape before he nipped the bolt of his jaw. "Mine. My Omega."
"Meg." Gabriel greeted. "Cassie...Jimbo." Gabriel then leaned a bit to the side, eyes searching before straightening up again. "I smell him...where's Dean?"
A flush crawled over the other man's face and for a moment Castiel was struck with the thought of how it made his freckles stand out even more.
"Alright, alright, alright short-stack off, drink your coffee and lets get ready to go do this..wait what are we doing this early in the morning?"
Castiel could see Dean's control over his rage start to slip and he knew he had to step in before it snapped. Moving over he placed a hand on his mates shoulder, squeezing gently.
"No thankfully. But before I found Clarence here the Alpha that owned me wanted to breed me with another Omega..which we all know can't happen. Male Omega spunk ain't got the power of Alpha or even Beta spunk. But he wanted me to pick out my breeding partner."
They stood there staring at each other for a few moments before Castiel cleared his throat; shifting from foot to foot as he clenched his hand around the knot that held the towel together. He felt Dean's gaze like a physical caress and beneath his towel he felt himself twitch.
Dean's gaze flicked over him, the sensation almost physical and Castiel had to physically restrain himself from falling into the bed. Dean whined softly, his Omega calling out to Castiel's Alpha and it very nearly snapped the little bit of control he had.
“What else do we need, Bobby?” he asks when they’re back upstairs, and he’s finished pouring a line of salt around the desk. Bobby’s halfway to the kitchen for ingredients and he jerks a thumb up toward the ceiling as he walks.
“You think so, young man?” Le Grange asks, looking straight at him. Dean’s chest pulls painfully with each rapid beat as he pulls his legs up under the chair and sits up, muttering an apology. The reverend waves it off with a smile and asks for his name.
Elijah releases Layla’s hand and extricates himself from Mrs. Rourke’s presence without a word. He spares Dean one more incalculable look when he walks past him. He steps around Sue Ann and into the house and she closes the door behind her, leaving them outside in the rain.
“It’ll what? Make you realize you’re just as much of a monster as I am?” Dean demands. It’s not what he means to say, but when is half the shit that comes out of his mouth what he really means?
Dean’s irritation over the comment unfolds when he spots the source. She steps politely around Sam and into their path, pulling them both up short. She’s attractive. White-skinned and smiling with forced politeness while Dean leers. Sam rolls his eyes and lets Dean push away to have his moment. It’s the least he can do.
“Okay, okay.” Sam backs away from Castiel, flinching away from the quelling look the angel directs at him. “I just… What now?”
He hoists himself out of the car, slamming the door behind him as he swings around to the trunk to grab their bags. Castiel perks up for the first time in hours from whatever dark place he was lurking and cool relief pours down his spine and toward his aching knee.
Elijah frowns and shelves the book. “I appreciate your interest in my well-being. It’s undeserved after what happened yesterday.”
“Who hasn’t, Sam?” There’s an edge of hysteria in her voice, eyes blow wide with barely concealed panic. “Is it?”
When he glances over a few minutes later, Dean’s prying the lid free and taking short, careful sips between deep, slow breaths, fumbling one-handed with the wrapper on the sandwich. Sam knows he hasn’t had much of an appetite, but it’s too deeply ingrained in them both to avoid food waste for Dean not to force down anything put in front of him. Which is what Sam is counting on.
Elijah stalls, completely thrown by the question and all that it implies. For one wild second, Dean feels guilty, and then he’s just done. With this conversation and this job. He should have walked away as soon as Elijah opened his mouth and dared to say anything about John Winchester.
“You were almost right about the time frame, Mr. Winchester. 1597, shortly after Pope Clement the Eighth expelled the Jewish people from most of the papal states. The texts this priest mentions stealing were taken from a small community just north of Rome and, well,” Professor Callaghan pauses, sucking on her teeth before continuing, “it’s hard to know exactly what he took with only this book for reference, but he’s clearly mixing Christian magic with whatever he’s picking out of these Jewish texts. It’s a little icky.”
Bobby shoots him a look before he answers. “Nothing for booting angels, if that’s what you’re aiming for. Hell, a few days ago, I didn’t even think they needed to possess people. Figured they just showed up looking like the inside of a watch or a burning bush or something.”
A flicker of recognition and fear twists the pale face above him, and Dean reaches up to grab at the sleeve of his suit jacket and pulls. Something skitters across the floor and hits him in the hip. He thinks Sam is yelling his name, but everything has narrowed down to the conflicted figure above him and the necklace now lying on the floor beside him.
Fumbling to unshoulder his backpack, he offers Castiel his hand. The angel takes a second to blink down and then he’s wrapping it up in both of his. Sam stutters instead of asking his next question.
“You check the house,” Dean instructs, slamming the door behind him and pulling up the collar of his canvas coat. “Spell books, altars, anything that might look important. I’ll keep an eye on Eli.”
“I can sense your appreciation. You don’t need to tell me so vividly,” Cas says, low and easy against the pulse point of Dean’s wrist, clearly thinking it’s okay to talk like that. Dean shudders and sinks into the tingling sensation that sweeps down his spine with warm breath and soft lips following the median vein up his arm.
The case in Pennsylvania when they finally make it up there is a bust, so Dean sulks in the motel room while Sam visits the library to copy some books he found.
Maybe there is a God because Elijah only looks amused by the faux pas, lowering his head and letting out a quiet exhale of almost-laughter. When he looks back up, his eyes are glittering, and he reaches out and takes the book from Dean’s hand, turning it over to read the back. Dean smiles nervously at him, watching the way his eyes squint while he’s focusing. With the heavy weight of Elijah’s stare off him, it’s too easy to forget what he might be talking to.
There’s three people on the stage. Dean figures the older guy standing at the pulpit and talking down to a few people in the front row is Reverend Le Grange. Dressed in a white button down and black tie, he looks like the kinda guy most folks don’t notice on the street. Nice and friendly. The woman sitting in the chair behind him has to be his wife. She’s just as unassuming, but there’s an edge of falseness to her smiles that makes Dean’s jaw clench from looking at her.
“My people skills are very 'rusty'.” He makes actual air quotes with his free hand when he says the word 'rusty'. Really? Where did he learn to be human? Chris Farley? “I was told that I need to make an effort to interact without Sue Ann around to smooth over my mistakes, and there’s very few places here that are… appropriate.”
“We have a lot of planning to do for our next service,” she says. Her eyes are cold when she lifts them back up to meet Dean's, and he knows he's being dismissed. He shoves himself up onto his feet and makes his own excuses to leave. Sue Ann though, she looks back at Elijah, her expression hard. Roy doesn't seem to have noticed the change in his wife's demeanor and tells him not to be a stranger.
“Huh?” Dean blinks and the thing—Castiel?—pulls back into some space between his liver and kidneys. The colors of the room fade and there’s silence in his head, his question unanswered. Dean lets Sam move him and they leave.
Beginning of what? Dean doesn’t dare ask, but the question hangs there in his silence while he absorbs Roy’s story. What it might mean for his and Sam’s investigation. Was the reservoir important or just somewhere Sue Ann happened to be at the time? The plans for their little tent church don't have anything to do with Dean’s job. Let that pamphlet guy handle stopping the human monsters.
“Uh…” he starts eloquently, then Castiel is unfolding and walking over to him with intent. Sam freezes. The angel. The one he talked to in his head. He musters up words. “Hey, it’s you! Castiel. You came back.”
They find Olivia dead behind a line of salt, her chest ripped open and blood sprayed across the area around her. Bobby storms out without a word. Everything after blurs together. Phone calls and long drives in an ever widening circle. By the time they reach R.C. and Carl’s place, Sam’s pacing around the Impala instead of waiting in the driver’s seat. He goes down his contact list and calls every hunter he knows. Jo picks up on the fourth ring and Sam lets out a breath so heavy he can see it. He stumbles to a stop. It’s a cool night, but not cold enough for… he turns slowly towards the car.
Bingo. Sam widens his eyes and gets up from his seat to look down at the page she’s reading through.
Sam groans in frustration. “There’s ten times more lore on angels than any other creatures we’ve actually hunted before,” he argues as Dean paces the room, clearly looking for something to do. Sam can think of at least a couple things, but Dean lingers over the weapons they brought inside, and then circles back around into the kitchenette before turning on him with an unimpressed look.
“Can I ask you a question, Elijah?” Quick as a blink, the healer focuses all his attention back on Dean. “Why me? Out of everyone in that tent, why save me?”
The inside of the tent gives Dean the heebie-jeebies. Signs with bible quotes hang on the walls. ‘He sent forth His Word and healed them; He rescued them from the Pit’. Dean ignores the rest, focusing instead on the sick and dying people trying to find seats in the rows of metal chairs sunk into the grass in front of a wooden stage. it doesn't take long to spot the camera mounted to a support beam just over Sam’s shoulders. He points it out wordlessly.
“You reading my thoughts?” Dean asks, and the same anger that had him pushing Castiel away when he had tried to soothe away the memory from Hell runs through him again along the corona of his soul. Castiel flicks his wings and pulls them away from where he has them curved against Dean’s shoulders, uncertain. Dean sighs and there’s a tremor of emotion that Castiel can’t untangle. Feelings he doesn't know. “You ever play pool?”
He could have called Sam if Sam hadn’t disconnected his damn number. Dean tries to remember another phone number and calls Bobby instead, memories from before coming back into focus if he focuses on them enough. Unfortunately, Bobby has the good sense not to believe a man that’s been dead for months is calling him on the phone, but he answers, which means he’s still at the salvage yard. There’s a car parked a few yards away from the phone booth and Dean's known how to hot wire a car since he was in middle school.
“I’m sorry,” Elijah says forcefully as he wavers under the angry scowl Dean directs at him from across Sam’s body.
“Or it’s a trap.” There’s steel in Dean’s voice. A mimicry of John Winchester, down to the way Dean’s posture and expression changes. It makes Sam want to punch him. “A monster’s a monster, Sam.”
“Uh,” he stares at the menu for a few seconds and then up at the waitress. Her face flickers in his vision and he grunts, shoving the menu back across the table. “Nothing.”
“I don’t know,” Cas admits and tips his head thoughtfully. “I would like to thank Sam for his part, and I’ll need to seek revelation and speak with some of my siblings. Find out what Heaven believes happened to me, and why they didn’t act when I was enslaved. Without alerting too many of them to my status.”
She doesn’t touch his neck, either, after his expression shutters when she asks about it. Dean’s more grateful than he wants to be. Whatever emotions are wrapped up into that, he’s not going to deal with, yet.
“Okay, so…” Taking Missouri through the events of the last couple days takes half the time Sam expects. Mostly because Missouri guesses a few key things before Sam can even get to them. She takes the angel thing a lot smoother than either he or Dean did and Sam wonders, not for the first time, if maybe being as powerful as she is means she’s aware of some things that hunters might not be.
“Call me, huh?” he asks with a grin that he knows is full of shit. Dean barks at him to finish cleaning the guns if he wants to be a little bitch. Sam yells good-naturedly after him when he slams the bathroom door behind him. “Screw you too, jerk!”
“Why are you still here?” Mrs. Rourke spits out when Dean reaches into his pocket for his keys. He freezes. “You got what you wanted, didn’t you? We’ve been to every single service and again and again Elijah chooses people like you over Layla.”
“C’mon,” he mutters when nothing happens except the heavy terrifying feeling of something turning all its attention onto him. “Tell me your name.”
“We still have no clue what we’re dealing with,” Sam says conversationally after a few awkward seconds have passed. He puts his hands back down on the table. Dean relaxes a little at the attempt at normalcy. He’s half certain what’s going to happen when they get back to Bobby’s, but he wants to pretend a little longer.
“Let me buy you a replacement,” he offers with a smile and Castiel can feel his interest in her, but gets distracted by her discomfort at Dean’s hand on her elbow. She shoots him a smile that's clearly meant to be friendly, but the undercurrent of her emotions ruins the illusion.
Castiel releases his hand and returns his own back down to the desk. He pins Sam into place with a sharp, searching look. Sam drops his eyes to the floor. “I told you he was safe with me. You have faith—unlike your brother—why do you doubt me?”
Sue Ann clears her throat delicately. Dean jerks, feeling suddenly like he's been caught doing something he shouldn't and drops his eyes hastily from the healer to look at her. She sets down her glass onto the coaster in front of her on the coffee table.
“I’m sorry,” he says carefully when Dean unlocks the door and strips off his rain-soaked jacket, throwing it over the back of the chair on the other side of the table from where Sam’s sitting. Dean lifts his eyebrows at him. “Elijah’s healed six people in the last year. Two of them in the last month, including you.”
“So did Meg and Henriksen, uh,” Sam squints, trying to remember the design. He reaches out a hand as Bobby digs around for paper and pencil, sliding them over silently. Sam leans over the desk and sketches out a rough design. “It was like a brand.”
Dean's stomach sinks. “Shit, look, that was… was kind of your fault with the choking thing, okay, but… Sorry?” he offers halfheartedly. Cas reaches out and wraps his fingers around his wrist. Dean imagines pressing his hand over Cas' and his palm itches with the desire. He folds another shirt.
Her voice sounds tinny and staticky when Missouri picks up the phone. “Sam, this had better be good, honey.”
He relaxes, grateful he doesn’t need to convince her to talk to him. “Since he got here, has anything…” he shifts back on his heels and tries to look like he’s not desperate for whatever information she'll give him. “Strange happened? Beside the healings.”
“It’s fine,” she insists with a laugh and Castiel wants to ask why she’s laughing when she’s so clearly afraid, but Dean pulls his hand back with an apologetic nod, leaning out of her space.
“Yeah, Dean, that’s it,” he insists. “I’ve been seeing a lot of awful stuff lately, okay. I’d have told you if I saw something, I swear.”
Lying to Dean isn’t as hard as Sam thought it would be. Either Dean’s too exhausted to call him out on his line about a specialist in some podunk city in Nebraska, or Sam hasn’t lied to him enough. Not about the things that matter, anyway. Dean’s in the passenger seat, so there’s not much he can do about it when Sam turns west when they hit I-80. He spends the first part of the drive trying to explain car maintenance between bouts of coughing and paging tiredly through a shockingly well-read copy of Hocus Pocus that Sam saw him pull out from under the front bench while they were passing through Lincoln. There’s a white library sticker with 813.54 in bold black Arial font on the spine under the cracked and yellow vinyl wrapped around the cover.
He considers taking a look at what Sam’s reading, but Sam’s ducking out of the office with a pair of room keys before he can flip the book over and get a proper look at the cover.
The sensation of Castiel taking over his body is almost as jarring the second time as it was the first. Like falling asleep underwater, the world fading into muffled echoes until there’s nothing but the ringing of angel voices echoing in his head and blood in his mouth. When he wakes up, he’s in Bobby’s house and Sam is an arm’s reach away. There are bandages on Sam's forehead and cheek and his nose is swollen from a break that Dean knows wasn’t there a moment ago. Fuck, what did he miss? How long was he out of it while Cas was playing soldier?
. I’ll drag you back to hell myself,” the demon snarls. Sam starts to get up. Dean holds up a hand to stop him and Sam drops back into his seat without hesitation. It doesn’t keep him from glaring daggers at her.
“This was hidden in their library. Haven’t had a chance to look through it much yet, but I’m pretty sure it was written by some priest in the late 1500s. There’s a couple references in the first few pages to—”
“I’m an angel, Dean,” Cas says impatiently, like Dean forgot that little fact in the minutes since Cas flew into the room. “Those of us who receive names when we’re created… it defines us to the very first atoms of our true form.”
“S-sssttop.” Dean slurs as he’s dragged back, awareness creeping back. He wrenches away from Pamela’s hand, out of Sam's grip, and stands. The chair clatters across the floor behind him. Bobby and Sam are looking at him and there's fear in their eyes. Dean wonders what he said—what
“Bobby, it’s me!” he yells, dodging the blade and grabbing his arm. The fight leads them both further and further into the house and Dean’s certain Bobby is trying to corral him towards a devil’s trap somewhere. He manages to get hold of the knife and backs into the kitchen. “If I were a revenant or a shapeshifter, could I do this—with a silver knife?”
“Uriel,” Castiel greets his brother warmly. It’s only been a few days since they last saw each other, but time on Earth moves strangely and being with Dean makes him aware of every moment as it passes, marching firmly forward.
A few hours later, he's sitting in a diner when he spots Elijah walking into the aptly-named Christian Books across the street. He’s out of his seat—tossing a few bills in the direction of his partially eaten meal—before he even decides he’s going to follow him. It’s maybe not the smartest idea, throwing himself in the path of Sue Ann’s leashed Great White, but Dean’s already halfway across the street and he’s still betting on her not pulling anything for at least a few days.
It’s about willpower, Missouri said. The words and accessories are just extra. Useful for the folks who need them, but not necessary, and don’t be ashamed if you use them. His power’s right there, simmering under the surface, waiting to be used. He doesn’t need to be passive and wait for a thing to happen. He just needs to reach out and grab it.
“Not enough,” he snaps and he sounds devastated, on the verge of bursting at the seams. Sam wants to reach out and grab him, but he’s not sure Dean’s in a place where he’d allow it.
The ceiling above him is replaced with icy cold flames and he hears a hellhound growl, low and dangerous.
“Naturally. If I were there. The key to learning a name is getting in physical contact with something it’s touched. With demons, the host is more than enough most of the time. He has a body, right?”
.” She rolls her eyes. “King Solomon had a signet ring with a six-pointed star on it, but stories do as they do, and things take a turn for the magical. Multiple pentacles written into a text called the Key of Solomon. All with different uses. Typical Renaissance Era magic, if you ask me, which you did.”
“So get this,” Sam announces in the middle of the afternoon, cornering Dean in the upstairs bathroom. Instead of testing Castiel's promise to count the tiles on the wall or whatever, Dean’s crouched on the floor installing a new sink. “There’s been a bunch of demon signs in Jefferson City.”
“You okay?” Sam eases the car one-handed to the side of the parking lot while Dean cranks the windows down and sucks in breath after breath. It takes him eighteen breaths before he unwinds, slumping back against the seat and shrugging.
Sam stop his explanation short and nods, flipping through the pages. “There's passages about King Solomon and a seal, but the parts I think we want are in Enochian and Aramaic. I’d need at least a couple reference books to take a shot at translating any of it.”
“I don’t remember anything before I came here, but Roy can tell you how I healed him and learned about my powers if you want,” he says. Dean nods, following Elijah to the screen door as he pulls it open with a rusty creak. Elijah touches the tips of his right pointer and middle finger to his mouth and presses them lightly to the door jamb before stepping inside. Dean blinks after him, startled, and then follows quickly after. It’s not… not something someone who lives in a house with a cross hanging in the entry hall would know how to do. Is it something left over from whatever he’s not remembering?
“Found it,” Bobby says finally and he launches off into an explanation that leaves Sam feeling cold. The rising of the witnesses. Signs of the apocalypse. It’s… too much. Sam has to put the shell he was working on down. It tips over, rolling along the wood grain on the table and spilling salt in its wake.
Light poured out of Jimmy's mouth and swirled around Dean for a moment before entering him on an inhale and with a bright flash of light the room was empty. Seconds later an anguished, outraged howl rent the air and Castiel smiled as the five of them landed in Bobby's panic room. It had been a gamble but it had worked and had them bought them a little time to figure out what to do next.
Castiel looked between his mate and Michael a growl building in his throat again, his eyes narrowed dangerously.
"Well, uhmn, see..." Dean's mind was screaming at him to say that the information he was sent for wasn't the information that Chief thought it was. However his mouth seemed to have shut off the direct link between his thoughts and his vocal chords.
He felt Dean shudder and knew that the Alpha's control was starting to grow thin. With a devious glint in his eye he rolled his hips; pressing down hard and throwing his head back wantonly so as to entice his mate.
"Mmm..no I don't think I will.." His eyes gleamed as he flashed the angel a toothy grin. "After all, all I did was remove that pesky block you seem to bent on holding on and it won't stop growing until you assuage it. You're welcome."
Sipping the second cup a lot slower than the first he rustled around in his blanket for his phone, squinting at the notifications flashing at him. Opening up the messaging app he thumbed through the messages, there were a couple from his office assistant Meg asking him how his mini vacation went, one from Charlie with information on programs he could offer at his clinic, and then there were two from his brother. Confused as to what Gabriel could have had to text him about he opened the thread and nearly dropped his phone. There were two pictures, one of Dean in his larping outfit; the leather and chainmaille highlighting his strong build and complimenting his coloring while the other was what seemed to be some sort of an after photo. Dean was still dressed in his outfit but there was a shine of sweat and the telltale high spots of color on his cheeks from exertion while his hair seemed to be a bit wild as if he'd just rucked his fingers through it.
John's eyes grew wide and he stumbled back, nearly toppling over the chair he'd been sitting in. His hand went automatically to his belt, whether for his gun or his silver knife it didn't matter because neither were there.
They walked into the dining room and it only took Castiel a few moments to locate Sam and Henry. They were tucked back into a corner, Gabriel settled in next to Sam, the three of them appeared to be deep in conversation.
"That's Castiel. He's Gabriel's brother, friend of Sam and Dean. He's here for Sam and Gabriel's mating." Ash spoke up, a slight grin playing at the corners of the man's lips.
The pain in his back reached it's crescendo and he screamed as it felt like something was ripped from the very tendons. When he came too the first thing he noticed was that was covered in what felt like a heavy blanket done in greens and golds. When he tried to move he felt a hand on his shoulder and he looked up; the bright blue of the beings eyes unlocking something that had been buried deep inside.
The baleful glare Dean shot his way made Castiel laugh and he brushed a kiss over Dean's lips before leaning over his shoulder to kiss Jimmy. A groan worked it's way free as Dean took advantage of the position and mouth teasingly at Castiel's throat even as he reached behind him to rub thickening bulge in Jimmy's slacks. The two dark haired men broke their kiss to latch on instead to the sides of Dean's throat, each one picking a spot to nip and suckle on while their hands explored.
The sentence was cut off as Rowena grasped the back of the older man's shirt and with a yank pulled him through the rift and as quickly as it opened it closed, leaving everyone to stare at the blank spot where they'd been.
Before they reached the doorway Dean looked over his shoulder, a slight blush on his cheeks as he spoke.
Dean shook his head as he patted Castiel's shoulder, his hand warm as if they were touching skin to skin instead of having the fabric of his shirt between them. They stood that way for a few moments before Dean's radio crackled to life causing both me to startle slightly and take steps back away from each other. Castiel had no idea what was coming out of it but it seemed to make sense to Dean because the blonde picked up his hat and with a slight nod of his head, left the shop. He had been so preoccupied watching Dean leave that he hadn't seen his brother lean up against his table; Gabriel's voice startling him as he spoke.
Unable to wrap his mind around what Ash had just said, he forced himself to take a couple of deep breaths to calm himself and judging from Ash's arched eyebrow he was only just managing to do so. After a moment or two he cleared his throat though his voice was still lower than normal.
"He's not so bad, you just have to know how to..handle him." Castiel tossed out, the grin on his lips getting just a bit bigger.
He rolled his hips slowly, grinding down and pulling a choked groan from Dean, his hands gripping the pillow behind his head hard enough to rip it in two if he wanted.  Though the movement was not only a tease to Dean but a bittersweet torture to himself, he continued the grinding; watching as Dean started to fall apart under him. After a moment he leaned down until they were chest to chest, their lips only inches apart and the air that was shared between them heavy with desire.
Garth's smile was infectious and she felt the rest of her nerves melt away as she leaned into him. They stood there for a moment before she nodded and they made their way to the door. Whatever she'd been expecting to feel when she stepped through (she heard the stories, everyone knew that liquid silver was dripped on the wolves that walked through the door to incapacitate them) it wasn't the sense of calm and warmth that washed over her.  They made their way down the winding staircase to what Garth called the war room where a large table was set with all sorts of foods and drinks and she was happy to see that there were some raw options for her to enjoy as well.
"Hello Dears, my name is Missouri, you're here for the contest right?" The first one asked, she was older with a warm smile as she looked up at them.
Dean shifted again before his fingers went to play with the button and zipper on his jeans. Quite normally that would be enough for him sweep Dean up and carry him into the bedroom but any sort of intimate time was the furthest from his mind right then.
The last sentence came out on a soft whine and Dean sank to the floor, his head tilted downwards. Understanding finally dawned on him and he moved over, dropping down next to Dean and wrapping his arms around him, pressing his nose to the soft skin behind Dean's ear and rumbling softly.
Arthur's face drained and he swallowed thickly before he pulled hasty breath. Dean allowed himself a chuckle before letting go of the man's suit lapels and lightly smoothing them down as if nothing had happened.
Dean's face went red as the three women laughed again, Adam looking from them to him and then back again, confusion on his face. Before he could ask anything the last woman spoke up.
. He jerked as the words tumbled over and over in his mind, causing him to nearly drop the mug he'd pulled down. The resulting clatter of the bottom striking the counter sounded loud in the quiet of the kitchen and Castiel heard Dean's in-drawn hiss in pain.
"Then your brother and your pup is going to bear witness to something I'm sure they wouldn't want to see."
There was silence for a few moments and Castiel watched from the corner of his eyes as Samandriel twisted his hands in his lap, his shoulders tense before he squared them and looked back at the older man.
She turned to look at her husband, her nerves easing slightly at how at ease he seemed standing there. She knew Sam and Dean and she liked them, considered them extended pack even despite them being Hunters, but stepping into the Bunker, the fabled Men of Letters Bunker where horror stories of what they did to creatures that weren't human and some that were was daunting. Squaring her shoulders she looked from the door over to Garth, giving him a small smile.
"Oh c'mon...not even a retort or a 'go screw yourself Meg'?" She prodded, her eyes following him as he moved restlessly around the room.
Castiel nodded and watched as the young Alpha deflated and his face turned a bright red, his eyes cast to the ground as he tipped his head slightly to the side in deference.
There was a few moments of silence where Castiel wondered if the two men had walked away. After a beat or two he pulled open the door to the trailer and was about to step inside when he heard Dean speak again, the man’s voice exasperated.
Once they were out of ear shot of the others he nudged Adam's shoulder with his own, startling the younger man out of whatever he'd been thinking.
When he came too he laying down on a bed; not his hotel room bed he knew that just from the smell; but a bed none the less. Sitting up he rubbed at the dull ache in his chest, wincing as the pressure only seemed to aggravate it. As he dissected the strange feeling he unaware of the other person in the room until they spoke.
Castiel frowned as he wracked his brain in an attempt to think of anything that he'd done to warrant a deputy visit of any kind. Even by his clinic standards things had been quiet, nothing really standing out. Brow furrowed he stood, straightening his blazer.
"Gotta figure out how to turn  that off at some point." Dean huffed, pulling a smile out of Castiel.
In the back of his mind, had Gabriel known that their last meal together had indeed been their last meal together he would have made it last longer, encouraged both Cas and Dean to talk more about anything just to keep them there longer. He had been under the impression that they'd have more time. That maybe they weren't serious in their plan to leave. Not for the first time, he'd been wrong.
He nipped Jimmy's earlobe gently before turning and heading to Bobby's office, leaving Jimmy cursing behind him as he tried in vain to readjust himself again.
Sam's eyes were wide and he nodded, his face pinkening as he reached up and touched the bauble while a smile ghosted over his lips.
Gabriel looked at him and blinked and for a moment Dean worried that he'd over stepped his boundaries.
"Ah..no Sir." Dean fidgeted from foot to foot, his eyes down cast and his hands slipping into his pockets. "Please don't tell Bobby. I promise it won't happen again."
Castiel felt his face heat as Sam, Henry, and Gabriel as well as the rest of the dining room looked over at them at Meg's shout. Ducking his head he followed behind Meg, Jimmy bringing up the rear.
She gave a small smile and patted his shoulder before turning her attention back to her laptop; tapping away on the keys again. Castiel took his seat again, his fingers twisting together as he worked hard to reign in his thoughts so that he wasn't drowning the room in his worried scent. He was deep in his thoughts when Meg sidled up to his side and placed a hand on his arm, giving it a little squeeze. Looking over and he gave her what he hoped was a smile and not a grimace.
Samandriel turned wide pleading eyes away from his find, the full brunt of that look leveled on Dean.
"So what Cas? You thought you'd just show up and apologize and everything would be ok?" Dean's tone was gruff but it wasn't venomous and that gave Castiel hope. "I've got a four year old crying his eyes out thinking that no one wants him."
Something was missing. He couldn't place his finger on what it was but there was definitely something missing. He took count of the pillows and blankets that filled the trunk. Maybe he needed more.
Green eyes—Dean—gave a little tug once their hands were clasped and he found himself hauled easily to his feet; his chest stopping just inches away from Dean’s. Once more their gazes caught and this time it was a pointed cough that pulled their attention away. With a flush he stepped back, tilting his head at the two officers.
He was saved from answering however by Gabriel slinking in grumbling and making grabby hands at a cup even as he stopped to rub his cheek against Dean's.
"How long?" Castiel's voice now trembled with barely concealed rage, his body seemingly vibrating with it.
For a millennia his world was full of color and happiness, nights were spent cocooned in iridescent black wings and warrior strong arms. Then in the span of a blink of an eye his world went gray and shattered around him. A cry was wrenched from the depths of his Grace and felt the host wince in sympathy. Within moments, or maybe days he lost track of time, his mates armor was delivered by the 1st lieutenant; their gaze to the side to avoid meeting his eyes. As they left silently he ran his fingers gently over the tarnish gold breast plate, his tears hitting the metal with soft pings and washing away the dirt in little runnels.
"Because you're the first person since Balthazar that made us both want you with an over whelming intensity." Castiel cut in, his thumb now rubbing over the bolt of Dean's jaw. "We were immediately taken with you and that was even before I realized where I'd seen you before."
He took the time to look around the downstairs, studying the area and the framed photos on the walls, the mantel and the bookshelves. There were plenty of Sam and Dean, of Gabriel, Sam, and Dean, and even some of Sam and Gabriel. There were not any however of Dean and Gabriel in the mix. Not that it meant anything, it just struck him as odd that there were not any of the mated couple to be. Turning from the pictures he started looking over the titles of books that were gathered and had just picked up one when he heard his brother thundering down the stairs. Gabriel appeared a moment later wearing a blindingly white baker’s uniform with “Gabe’s Sweet Spot” embroidered on the right breast in purple and gold thread.
As if the mere mention of her name summoned her Daphne knocked on the door before pushing it open. From his seat behind the desk he watched as Gadreel tensed, his eyes glued to the woman in the doorway.
They traded truly rakish smiles as they shook hands, each one giving the other's hand a squeeze. It might not be a bet but the deal was sealed, they both would woo the young man and see who he preferred best.  As they headed back to their trailer something tickled the back of Castiel's mind, some forgotten memory or recollection that stayed on the fringes of his mind. The more he thought about it the further away it became until all he was left with was the feeling that he'd seen the young man before but he couldn't place the why, when, or where.
"I didn't know right away. I went to pick Sammy up from Stanford. He uh...something happened and he couldn't be there anymore. Anyway a week or two back in town and I started getting sick every morning and unable to keep certain foods down. Sam figured it out first and I doubled my attempt to find you but no one knew you at the bar or could remember you. I even checked at others around the area but still nothing. So I gave up."
"So like..I can be achey or...chick flicky about things if this happens?" He asked as he finished off his beef jerky, suddenly more hungry than he could remember being.
Dean opened his mouth to speak but snapped it back, jerking his head away and standing. Castiel followed suit, getting into Dean's space and walking him backwards towards the railing of the deck. Any other time the look on their faces would be playful, or full of naked lust for the other, but right then their jaws were set in angry clenches, their eyes glaring at each other with enough heat that it should have set something on fire. Castiel reached again for Dean, this time intending for his wrist but the blonde moved out of the way deftly and disappeared into the house leaving the Alpha standing on the porch staring at the place he'd just been.
As one they turned their heads, eyes flashing red and gold in turns as their gazes landed on a short man standing a few feet away. His blue eyes were locked on the pair, and Castiel felt his hackles rise, his Alpha on high alert.
"Cas....that doesn't mean anything. Sure they do look alike, almost identical and sure they do sound a bit a like. But look at us, we're not the same person and many people say we looked totally identical. And the name is very common."
"I don't want you to resent this..resent me." Dean's voice was soft, all the Omega's normal mannerisms stripped away and leaving him vulnerable to the Alpha behind him. "You worked so hard to get away from here to make something of yourself. You were never happy here.."
As he exited out of the door with Crowley behind him he seen Dean talking on his phone, a scowl on his lips and his hand combing through his hair.
Sam bolts up the stairs without looking back, gun firmly in hand. He starts pulling open doors. The half finished guest room he and Dean used to share before it got filled with stuff, the locked door they dare not open, and—he jerks one of the doors halfway down on the left open and sees neatly folded towels and sheets—the linen closet.
Sam wobbles his head back and forth, scrunching his face up trying to find an answer that won’t make Dean’s hackles raise further. “I mean… you kind of said he was talking to you, so, uh.” He knows it’s the wrong thing to say because Dean twists away from him, all teeth and angry shoulders, and stalks into the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind him.
Which is decidedly not the sort of thing he’d normally say to a guy in a place like this. Especially not to maybe-angels while standing next to a shelf of life advice for bible thumpers. He grabs a book and waves it awkwardly through the air between them.
“All right, so how do we figure out Rumpelstiltskin’s name?” Dean asks, which is how they wind up sitting across from one another in the middle of the floor, a chalk pentagram drawn around them, Sam’s right hand cradling the side of Dean’s face.
His stomach drops and he feels Castiel fluttering at the edges of his brain, the high pitched sound from the gas station and the kitchen making itself known. He winces.
“Girls had tattoos,” Bobby says, throwing himself into the chair at the desk and looking at the knocked over fireplace rack. “Know they didn’t have that before.”
The room goes deathly quiet and Bobby looks over at Dean. The monster wearing Dean's face is standing there, head tilted at him. Dean’s green eyes are lit up with power, too bright and cold. Staring into him like he's a particularly interesting insect. Sam lurches back up from the floor beside him and pulls the knife out. Bobby flinches, sure he’s going to stab Dean, but Dean grabs Sam by the arm without even blinking, and reaches up to press two fingers to the center of his forehead. Sam crumples to the floor. It turns that laser focus back on him.
Wright’s standing between a silver Chevy truck and a red sedan near the fence by the tent, the collar of his coat pulled up to keep the rain away from his neck. Sam can hear Roy through the tent fabric and the congregation's reply to the muffled sermon swells. Static crawls up his spine and down his arms. The sky rips open with a peal of thunder.
Dean’s about to ask him how he expects to find said demons when the waitress brings Sam his plate and sits down in the chair at the end of their table. Dean looks over at her and her face doesn’t just flicker, it twists and rots away to expose the thing underneath. He relaxes minutely at the familiarity of the sight. “I’ll never get used to how ugly you sonuvabitches are.”
Dean shakes his head. He tries to shrug out of Sam’s arms, but Sam tightens his grip. “They’re looking for him.” He sounds out of breath, tipping his head up to look at Sam. Blood is dripping steadily from his nose. Fear drops Sam’s stomach.
“My garrison needed me. Lilith is attempting to break the sixty-six seals. The rising of the witnesses is one of them,” Castiel answers.
The words settled uncomfortably in Castiel’s arms and back and winds its ways into his grace, curling and twisting into knots. Zachariah inhales unnecessarily through his nose and closes his eyes. Castiel realizes that he doesn’t know what he’ll do if this isn’t enough to convince Zachariah. He feels his wings readying to move him and wonders where he'll go.
“How many exorcisms do you know, Bobby?” Sam asks a few days later. He’s slumped on the couch in the library, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders and a book of angel lore digging into his thigh. So far, he hasn’t found anything they don't already know. Bobby’s put in calls to a few hunters nearby, but no one’s gotten back to them, yet.
Cas swipes his thumb across Dean's jugular and is gone with a rustle of feathers when Dean blinks. Dean's clenches his hand shut around empty air.
“Each morning, my wife, Sue Ann,” he turns and nods genially to her, “and I read the news. Never seems good, does it?” People respond around them, one woman behind him muttering something vicious about terrorists. “Seems like there’s always someone committing some immoral, unspeakable act. But I say to you, God
catches on that he’s stepped in it. Elijah doesn’t catch on though. He just keeps staring intensely at him, like he doesn’t understand why Dean’s angry.
“I was distracting her so he could!” Dean yells. Sam keeps looking at him. “He couldn’t do anything until that bitch—fine, damn it, maybe you’re right. I wish you’d never brought me here. Okay, so Sue Ann’s controlling him. How do we break it or whatever?”
“Right. Sure, okay, so Dean asked you to stay and you just decide possessing him was the way to do it? You couldn’t have gone for your other vessel and come back, maybe? It would have been really nice if Dean had been here while hunters were being torn apart the last couple of days, Castiel.”
Dean can add a few things to her list that he’ll admit to proudly. He’s helped more than a few people commit their fair share of adultery and never blinked. That was their problem; he’s just the lucky beneficiary of their indiscretion. Hell, he might not even argue terribly hard on being called a murderer—but not this. This isn't who Dean is, it can’t be. But she knows, and the appropriate denial doesn’t want to make it out of his mouth.
—shrivels away into nothing. He exhales shakily through his nose, and lets the conversation happen around him until a hand grabs his shoulder.
“Depends on your perspective, I guess. According to some texts, angels acted on God’s orders to bring the plagues to Egypt. The whole smiting the first-born thing.”
“Ugh, what was in that stuff?” he asks. It tastes worse than the water he’d drunk in the fill-up station.
“You put me to sleep when you went all hi ho angel-o in my body, right, and last night you fucking disappeared off my radar after… I couldn’t feel you at all. Where the hell were you?”
“What a bunch of dicks,” Dean says. It’s unhelpful, but he doesn’t know how to make the hurt feelings Cas is probably struggling with go away. Whole situation sucks.
“Hey, you’re one to talk,” Balthazar breaks in, forced cheer in his voice. He slides the last of the blades from their dead siblings up his sleeve. “I thought we were told to save the Righteous Man, not put him on.”
“I’ve never been here before,” Castiel settles on saying, a little more quickly than he wants, but Will is looking at him expectantly, waiting for him to speak. He feels caught out, awkward in a way that goes behind physical. Instead of examining that, he walks around the table, Dean’s thoughts—three into the middle pocket—an easy guide, the rules of the game falling into place with each shot.
“Nothing! Forget it, Dean. Bobby’s making breakfast,” he says, and yep, the Winchester Method is good too. “You haven’t eaten anything since—”
“I don’t buy anything,” Elijah corrects irritably. It’s an odd enough statement that Dean slows down his pissed-off retreat long enough to wait for Elijah to say more. “The painting.”
No way. The guy looked them up somehow. Maybe the plates on the car or—he leans slightly to check his back pocket for his wallet—something. Maybe not their wallets. The only ID Dean has in there was from their last case. He would have called him Leo Cohen if that’s how he did it. It's Missouri all over again. Read like a damn book without a single word exchanged between them.
—wanted his introduction to go. He's been weak since escaping from Hell, his injuries unlike anything he's experienced in the past, and he hasn't dared return to Heaven for healing with his brothers and sisters. Not until he has an explanation. It was easy fitting himself into the spaces between Dean’s cells and organs and bask in the radiance of his soul while he rested, soaking up the residual energy. When Dean was most open to him, Castiel had tried to reach out and speak to him, but he'd been clumsy in his weakness. He hadn’t expected Dean’s fear and suspicion to force him back down. Taking Dean's body over and smothering his personality with his own hadn't been part of the plan.
Bobby has the good sense to try and drive a silver knife into Dean’s lungs as soon as he walks through the door.
The ‘I know you’ is so intensely implied that Dean shivers when warm rainwater trickles down the back of his neck and under his jacket.
“Easy, son,” he murmurs, and wraps a hand around Sam’s wrist, pulling him back down the stairs. Sam goes, but only because he knows Dean is gone. Again. Bobby presses him down into a chair at the kitchen table and gives him another beer. Sam drinks it numbly, still searching the room, hoping Dean will materialize and laugh at him for worrying.
“Yes, you do. Tell me your name,” Sam demands. He draws closer, the light burning so bright he can feel it ache behind his eyes, and there’s the sound of wings bursting open in the space above him. The angel makes a shrill rattling sound of pain.
Elijah arches one thick eyebrow at him and cants his head to the side. Dean takes another step away from him. Something behind Elijah’s eyes clears, like he’s slotted some piece about Dean into place.
“Clean up and then we’ll see if we can track him down,” Bobby instructs and he draws back and puts space between them, sucking air in between his teeth. “I’m gonna… look something up.”
Not the weirdest thing a dude’s done to his neck, but it’s the weirdest thing Cas has done in the last couple of minutes, so Dean has trouble ignoring it. He fails spectacularly when Cas slips his hand down under his t-shirt and to the soft flesh above his hip. Bold move for a virgin, Jesus. A flash of heat flickers under his skin and disperses through his middle so fast his body doesn't have time to react.
want, sweetheart,” he says, working the hoodie and dress shirt off Cas’ shoulders. He moves willingly when Dean touches him, arching forward and pressing his face into Dean's shoulder, mouth dangerously close to the scar on Dean’s neck. Dean tugs both tops of Cas' free and tosses them to the floor. Cas inhales deeply against Dean’s shoulder and then follows it up with another short sniff before sweeping aside the collar of Dean's flannel shirt.
“You heard her. It was a freak accident,” he argues, and Dean clenches his jaw to keep from snapping at him. “Do you really have to look this one in the mouth, Dean? Why can’t we take the win and move on?”
“Then what is it, Sam? How do you explain that?” The front door opens and Dean watches Bobby start down toward them. He looks up and down the street, wondering if he could get away fast enough if they decide he's too dangerous.
Elijah furrows his brows, obviously perplexed by the question, and Dean watches him, waiting until the creases in his forehead smooth out and his blue eyes widen with realization.
“This does not have to be a transaction, Dean, but if you need it to be.” Dean blinks hard, his vision blurring unexpectedly as pressure between his eyes makes him twist his face up to hold it in. The last person to use the room must have had a cat with them, he’s sure of it, and it’s only now that his body started to react. He slaps Cas’ hands away and pins them to the mattress.
Cas pockets the necklace and starts toward Sue Ann, something silver and sharp dropping into his hand as he advances. She shrieks and tries to press herself back into the books, and Dean's almost tempted to let Cas have his way, but they can't afford more deaths here. Not even this bitch, shitty as she is, should wind up a smear on the wall. He catches Cas by the arm, expecting the angel to break his hold without even flinching, but Cas halts his rampage and twists around to face him, aiming the full force of his wrath at Dean, who blinks stupidly at him in surprise.
“I want to check on those hunters we’re been trying to get a hold of.” Sam hears him moving around as he talks, getting supplies together. “Haven’t heard back from any of them and that’s a problem. One person don’t call back and I can figure they’re busy, but three days of radio silence on all fronts ain’t normal.”
“It’s Joshua. Calling you back.” Joshua pauses, and Sam twists around to dig through his bag for something to write on. There’s only one reason Joshua would be calling him back. “Sorry about Dean. He was a good kid, from what John tells of him.”
Dean realizes he might be making a bigger deal of this than is strictly necessary. It’s a damn small price to pay to carry a figurative nuclear arsenal against demons around with him. He can deal with this.
“You know, a guy could get ideas,” he quips, hoping it’ll make the guy turn tail and run. Dean reaches the top of the steps and comes to a stop, turning to look at him. Elijah looks completely unfazed. His expression is blank, like he's been moving on automatic, and it's only the slight narrowing of his eyes that shows he even heard what Dean said. “What do you want?”
Cas hums appreciatively and Dean rolls his eyes and hauls their bags out of the trunk, tossing Sam’s over to him.
“God blessed us by sending Elijah here, and we’ve been able to share that blessing with others,” Roy finishes.
“Why not? It fits, Dean. Wings, healing powers. The only thing that doesn’t make sense is why he’d even be here with the Le Granges.”
“No disrespect,” he says, forcing a little well-practiced bravado into his voice and adding as much of the tone he uses to make people know he’s not taking their shit, “but I’m not exactly a believer.”
. Maybe they could lie, say Cas is a hunter, but Dad would have him marked as non-human faster than Dean had. If he didn’t try and kill him, he’d find a way to do something worse.
“I had… another vessel. I’d been speaking to him for months in preparation for returning to Earth,” Castiel answers and he straightens up. “Dean asked me to stay with him and I could not deny him. He’s told you this.”
Castiel sets the beer down so he can pick up the cue, eyeing the table critically. Dean’s mind buzzes impatiently, thoughts a flickering distraction that makes Castiel want to grasp the threads and lose himself trying to puzzle out the connections from one scattered idea to the next. He leans over the table instead and contemplates the best way to make the shot Dean has given him.
He grimaces down the line. “Maybe. I’m gonna call Missouri. If a psychic can suss out a demon’s name, why not an angel’s?”
Cas tries to return the favor, but not even Dean’s instructions are good enough to make a first-time blowjob more than passable. A lack of gag reflex only accounts for so much anyway, so Cas makes up for it with the healing he seems intent on performing across every spare inch of Dean’s body he can reach. He drops kisses to every ache and pain he can find, from the ankle Dean turned in Mississippi to the shoulder he’s dislocated too many times to count.
“I’m driving ninety-seven down US-20 in the middle of the God damn night, Samantha, and I’m pretty sure Cas can’t drive.”
Dean grins viciously at him and slams the laptop lid down, ignoring Sam’s injured protest when he tosses it on to Sam’s bed. Sam snatches it back up and checks that Dean didn’t do any damage. Dean might enjoy relying on credit card fraud for all his purchases these days, but a new laptop is gonna push the balance on those things and Sam would rather save his cash for something else. The machine’s fine, but he still flips Dean off while relocating it to the safety of the table.
“I’ll call you back,” he says, and he snaps the phone shut and turns around. Henriksen is standing behind him. He almost looks alive.
He pushes away from Castiel, clearing his throat and clenching his jaws with a hard swallow as he meets the angel’s steady gaze. Without waiting for the angel to say anything, Sam puts out his hand.
Elijah goes back to staring at Le Grange. Dean tunes out the sermon and focuses on studying him instead. He only looks at Dean once, when Le Grange takes a moment to actually preach something about love and trust. Dean doesn’t bother keeping the disbelieving sound he makes to himself this time.
“There’s probably a place we can stop at in Ford City when we get there. His place doesn’t open until 11 tomorrow.”
He looks at the shelves. There’s an entire section of books that Sam knows are all related to Christian eschatology just from scanning the spines. None of them have been touched in years, judging by the thick dust layered along the front edge—except where a thick volume called ‘A History of Christianity’ is shelved. He pulls it down and flips it open to page after page of Latin. It’s an interesting find for sure, but there’s nothing supernatural about it.
“Oh yeah, you’re a real big hero, Sam.” He reaches behind him carefully, eyes following Meg as she rants above him. She kicks him viciously and he flinches, wrapping his fingers around the fireplace poker. “So willing to trust monsters you’d even let one inside your brother.”
Elijah glances at him, face blank, and something flickers and tightens in his expression. The muscle under Sam's hand winds tight, and Sam pulls harder, shoulder straining with the force. For one fraction of an instant, he thinks wildly that he’s succeeded, and whatever’s compelling Elijah forward has lost. The next moment, he crashes to the ground and Wright hits the gravel a few feet away with a scream, Elijah on top of him.
“You don’t—what, is this like a psychic thing?” He steps under the shelter of the house’s porch and out of the rain, into the space where Elijah hovers by the door. “Born with it or…?”
“You okay?” he ask. Sam reaches up gingerly to check his face and tears up, blinking rapidly against the sting of blood running into his eyes.
Castiel stares uneasily at the space where Zachariah stood for a moment and then flies back to Bobby Singer's home before he can doubt something else.
Sam retreats and Dean relaxes a little. He and Bobby have been a pain in the ass all day, lurking when they think Dean won’t notice, but he’s always been a paranoid asshole and Hell only made it worse. Add a hyper vigilant angel on his shoulder and Dean knows they keep watching him. He's not worried they're gonna try to gank him anymore. Mostly. Doesn't make him any less irritated at the babysitting though.
The towel Dean and Castiel had been holding lays crumpled on the floor, still stained with Dean’s blood.
Dean taps the eraser against his bottom lip and tries to remember if he's missing anything. He comes up empty. Which means this is it. The value of Dean Winchester’s life, scribbled into the margins on page thirty-two of a stolen Vonnegut novel.
He twists around and knees up onto the mattress and into Cas’ space. A thrill of satisfaction zips up his spine when Cas widens his eyes and sits back, letting Dean push him back until he hits the headboard with a thump. The deep blue of his eyes darkens as he narrows them in a wordless question. Dean straddles his thighs and grabs the shorten end of Cas’ hoodie string between his fingers. He reaches back through Cas' hair to keep the hood in place while he pulls until they're even.
“I don’t really—” Sam sighs, reaching up to rub at the bridge of his nose. Conversations with Dean are like trying to stroll through a minefield sometimes and every one they’ve had in the last several hours makes him feel like he’s talking to a nuclear bomb. “This is a lot. You were dead yesterday, okay. Really dead. And now you’re… not. And it wasn’t even me that did it.”
“You’re kidding?” he asks, rubbing quickly at the wetness around his eyes that he didn’t manage to blink away. Cas’ gaze drops. “Holy shit. You’re not kidding.”
“That’s kind of you, but I think I’m okay without miracles now. Elijah’s done what he can to help us here, and he’s promised to be with me at the end.” Dean tries not to show how surprised he is by that. “Good luck, Dean. With whatever it is you’re still here for.”
Joshua laughs, a little unkindly, and Sam debates the value of hanging up on him. The plastic casing creaks under his fingers, and he clears his throat.
He grabs Dean by the shoulder and it’s only because Dean wants him too, that he turns and faces his brother.
“He’s not harmless,” Dean says, straightening up with a pair of socks. He sits down on the end of the bed and starts pulling them on. “He’s… look, one or two is a freak accident, Sam. Not six.”
Sam squeezes past him, shoving him aside more carefully than he would normally, and hopes Dean won’t notice. “Yeah, sure. Tell that to my bladder.”
Halfway through his shower, he realizes the cut on his arm from Bobby's knife is gone. As if the flesh had knit itself back together when he wasn’t looking. His hands shake and he stumbles out from under the water and trips on the lip of the tub in his rush toward the mirror. He catches himself on the edge of the sink and it cracks under the force of his grip, a piece breaking away and crashing to the floor. He goes down onto his knees with it, his hand bloody from where it scraped against the broken porcelain.
Dean’s breath catches in his throat and he braces for an attack that never comes, his eyes watering as his forces them to stay open, watching the shadowed feathers until he can’t anymore and he dips his chin down and squeezes them shut against the pain. When he looks up again, they’re gone. Shaken, he pockets the cash and grabs a grocery bag of supplies, rounding the counter so he can shove his way back out into the sunlight. There’s a payphone and he has the change to use it. He can call Sam.
,” Elijah answers flatly. “You have to understand. If I do, it’ll—” He clenches his jaw and jerks his head away from Dean.
“Dead? Oh yeah. Thanks to you, me and a half dozen innocent people died in that police station.” Sam takes a slow step backwards. “You left us there to die.”
He walks over to the mirror and sink and starts pulling at his clothes—squeezing his eyes shut for a moment against the memory of claws and teeth tearing the flesh from his bones—and finds nothing but unmarred flesh where those wounds should be. This isn't what a man torn open should look like. He feels healthier than he did before Hell, he thinks. His hands don't ache and the fine network of scars on his skin from years of hunting are gone, leaving smooth flesh in their wake. Except, no, there on his left arm near the shoulder, pink freshly healed burns in the shape of a hand print. It’s ugly and tender to the touch and Dean pulls his sleeve back down as carefully as possible to avoid touching it.
“I’m a demon, Sam! Angels aren’t gonna care if I’m being helpful. Smite first, ask questions later.” It's not a vision, but the clarity of it makes Sam almost think it could be when the image of Dean clasping a hand to Ruby’s face and Castiel incinerating her from the inside out bubbles up from nowhere. He grips Ruby's arm tighter and vows to keep her away from Dean when—not if—he comes back.
“Still don’t think you need that x-ray when your physical exam didn’t suggest any problem with your knees.” She peers at him from over the top edge of her clipboard. “Is this because of that guy in the paper?”
“Enjoying yourself with the mud monkeys, Castiel?” Uriel asks and his wings rustle in disdain. Castiel understands the expression on Uriel's face finally. His relief cracks. But no, he can't let himself be distracted, Dean needs to know about Sam. For surely that's what this is about. “I can see his filth all over you.”
Castiel crouches down in front of him and reaches out to press two fingers to his forehead. Bobby tries to flinch away, but Castiel just keeps coming at him. He’s unconscious before he hits the floor.
“If you two are done with your little heart to heart, I could use some help in here,” Bobby calls from the library. Sam looks back at him and watches him drop a stack of books onto the desk. Dean puts the undrunk beer into the sink and pushes away from the counter. He knocks the back of his knuckles into Sam’s shoulder as he passes and Sam files away the tiny gesture somewhere safe. Time for research. He’s halfway across the kitchen when Dean stumbles, hands flying up to clutch at his head.
“Ever heard of knocking?” he demands, following the wave of dark hair across Cas’ forehead, where it frames the curiously indifferent expression he’s wearing at the weapon pointed right at him. Dean’s not even sure it would sting if he pulled the trigger.
“Oh, just Roy’s fine, son,” Le Grange—Roy—insists gamely and adjusts to sit back a little in his chair. “Woke up one morning, stone blind. Doctors told me it was cancer. Gave me a month, maybe two if I was lucky, since we caught it so late. So, me and Sue Ann, we prayed for a miracle.”
“You know, Sue Ann’s necklace had something like this etched on it,” he says. Sam studies the upside-down triangle drawn inside a double circle and the letters around it, unable to identify what any of it means.
“Kill for something with a little less grease next time,” Dean adds on forty minutes later, tossing the empty cup and wrapper into the backseat.
He should have put his foot down about Nebraska too. Sam’s specialist is gonna cost money neither of them can earn back. Especially not the way Sam thinks Dean does it. The thought of hustling pool or cards in a bar full of smoke makes his heart palpitate against his ribs hard enough to hurt. Maybe with a few hours of rest, he can test the waters with some truckers at the next stop. A few hand jobs won’t strain his heart much, and folks desperate enough for some company in places like this aren’t gonna give a shit about his health.
"Alright Gentlemen, I'll take Mr. Winchester first there are a few extras we have to make sure are quite alright."
"I wish." Dean snorted as he shook his head. "Look Adam, I know it feels like we bailed on you ok? And there's nothing that we can do to fix that or make that feeling go away, but I would like to do is offer you a place in our pack, you and your mother. You're family and we look out for family."
He knocked on the door and bounced on the balls of his feet as he waited. His eyes flicked from the ticket on the box to the ramshackle rails on the porch and then back to the ticket. There were noises all around him but he wasn't sure if they were natural or not and he honestly didn't want to think too much on it. Just in case. As he was close to working himself into a fit he heard the door knob rattle and he worked a smile back on his face even though his eyes were focused on the ticket.
"Your mother, your biological mother..she...she had ideals, ideals that Lucifer and Michael adhere too. Jimmy not so much, seems as if you and he are more alike than you realize. But I seen the way that she was raising your brothers and I didn't want that for you. I didn't want that for any of my children but she wouldn't let me take Jimmy and Michael and Lucifer were already so indoctrinated by her teachings that it didn't matter." The words rang hollow to Castiel and he fought to keep his lips from twisting into a snarl or calling out his father on his lies.
"Dun hava mate." Dean slurred as he pressed into the light touches that were falling from his grandfather's fingers, the cool skin running over his heated flesh.
Lawrence Kansas wasn’t a big town, but it wasn’t the smallest either, at right around 96,000 people, it was the perfect place to settle down. Not to mention that the University of Kansas had some of the best programs in the state. In fact it was a miracle at all that he’d found a teaching position at the school at all this late in the year, however one’s Professor’s mishap turned out to be his opportunity. It was nearing the end of the spring semester and the weather had taken a turn for the better; warm sunshine and light breezy days made it hard for him to want to hold classes in doors. So he didn’t. And it was on once such day where he had his class spread out over the lush grass going over the involvement of the church in history when he seen him for the first time.
Castiel looked over at Dean and cleared his throat. "I'd like to stay, learn more about Moondoor. If that's ok with you Dean?"
Same nodded as he wiped his face with the towel around his neck. "Yeah, Gabe does make a habit of scenting Dean the moment he sees him, it helps both their nerves I think. Dean to know he's safe and cared for and Gabe to know he's uninjured or sick. Apparently it's an old habit left over from the feral days where everyone lived in a big pack and would curl together for warmth. It reaffirms the bonds between the members. Charlie explained it to us when we brought Dean home, said he would need a lot of reassurance that he was needed and cared for, that his internal Omega was probably in a lot of pain and feeling cut off. " The taller man looked towards the kitchen, his eyes sad. "It was hell the first year Dean was home. He barely came out of his room. He was terrified of everyone...of me. He'd shrink into corners or curl into himself to make himself small...my brother was never...he was the biggest person I knew, loud, brash...didn't care what anyone thought. To see him that broken, his whole identity taken away..."
Dean’s steps towards him were slow and methodical, causing Castiel to swallow thickly. His mate didn’t yell; not at home anyway; and this time was no different as he backed the Alpha into a corner. Under normal circumstances crowding an Alpha anywhere was a bad idea, they could turn and attack without warning. However Castiel’s Alpha knew his mate was angry with him and was trying to come up with ways he could fix situation and keep his knot. Swallowing again he lowered his eyes and bared his throat to Dean in submission in the hopes that it would help ease some of the tension.
He huffed and resumed his pacing, the soothing pheromones that Meg and Gabriel were pumping out doing little to nothing to help calm him. It was just then that Sam chose to pop his head into the room.
"Why are we just sitting around doing nothing? We should be out looking, doing something!" He snarled as he slammed his cup down on the counter.
Dean nodded and Castiel found himself admiring how soft the other man still looked, his hair still wild and his eyes still holding just a bit of sleep in them still. for a few long moments they sat together in silence; Dean's hand still held comfortably between Castiel's.  The sound of footfalls on the stairs caused them to all but jump apart, Castiel heading to the coffee pot and pouring himself and Dean new cups before placing the glass container back on it's base.
The library wasn’t that far away but even still Castiel had thought that he’d caught up with Dean before the other boy had ducked inside, maybe even try to talk him again into going out with him that night. But the way to the looming building was empty, no trace of anyone out and about at the time. Castiel had just turned the last corner when he seen Dean, but the other boy wasn’t alone and the tableau drew a rumbling growl from his chest. In front of Dean stood a taller boy..or maybe it was a man…but he appeared to be at least half a foot taller than Dean with long brown hair.
"All Alphas with one Omega...at this point. I won't know the other's until they've made their entrance into this world. But keep an eye on Claire and Emma. Those two are going to be headstrong Alpha's. Emma's got so much warrior blood in her veins that she'd have been a highly ranked fighter in the old days, a leader of her own garrison. Claire, while I am unsure of where her's came since the Novak line is not a warrior based line, she's got the same strength in spades, another one that would be a highly ranked fighter. They will make quite the team as they grow up. Ben is a sweet Alpha, I was quite surprised he wasn't an Omega honestly. He's got the makings of a Healer, he's very much your exact duplicate Dean, with the exception of being an Alpha. Mary we already know. She's got the same fight as Emma and Claire but not as strong, her head is bit cooler and will allow her to think things through more. That leads us to young Jack. He's our Omega..and our Magic User. I thought Mary was strong but he's go much innate knowledge and power..this young pup embodies both the warrior and the intellectual side of the Pure Lines."
"You don't feel it? Your scent bond is gone. You smell like you again and not mated, pining, sad Alpha."
"As the Queen's handmaiden I need to be able to represent her majesty at balls. You on the other hand...you're..." Dean's nose scrunched up as he fell silent.
"The past couple days there's been this car tailing me. At first I thought nothing of it, but the car just kept turning up everywhere I went. And then last night it sat outside my house until early morning."
"Garth, I don't know." She said as she stared at the door of the Bunker; her bottom lip caught between her teeth.
Shoulders drooping, Dean looked over his shoulder and motioned for Castiel, and he moved quickly to his side; nosing Dean's throat lightly before looking up at Adam but keeping his posture as harmless looking as possible. He heard the soft sounds of steps in the grass and looked over to see that Henry and Rowena had joined them, their own postures reserved and harmless looking.
on a loop and he wrinkled his nose as he tried to pull back the layers on the sentiment. Sure he found Dean's scent appealing and he wanted to roll around in it until it covered him from head to toe, and sure he was ready to rip into his own brother and Dean's brother when he thought that they were holding a secret relationship behind the other man's back. And he couldn't forget how he wanted to best both Benny and Gadreel and how his stomach twisted in tight knots when he learned that the two alpha's regularly assisted Dean through his heat--even if Dean had personally told him that it wasn't sexual in nature; that he didn't sate those needs with the two men, which did placate his alpha somewhat until he started wondering how Dean took care of that part of his head which caused his inner alpha to snarl and pace some more.
"Well they'd be idiots. But they don't exist and you're all mind so it's a moot point. And I'm not going anywhere."
Castiel arched his eyebrow as he looked over at his brother, his voice now holding a disbelieving note. "Mmhmm?"
"Deep breaths, we'll get through this." Meg motioned to the people surrounding him, each one working on something with intense focus. "Looks like he's got quite the crack team looking for him, and four Alphas that will be hungering to sink their teeth into anything that stands in their way."
"Yeah, that brand always has the best tasting honey. I like to use the Lavender Honey in my cookies. This should help bring out the natural flavors of the apples."
"I know, I know." He gave Dean a little smile, just a slight lift of the corner of his lips. "So does Sammykins think I abandoned you? Is that why he's death glaring me from the window?" He winked at the other Alpha through the window, letting out a breath when the curtain swished down to hide him from sight again.
Warmth filled Dean's chest again and he dropped his eyes in embarrassment though he knew his face was probably the same shade as a tomato right then.
As one they turned and seen Dean jogging across the lot towards them. They glanced at each other from the corners of their eyes before turning their attention back to the young man trotting their way.
"But..but it's true! I heard Daddy talking about it with Mommy how Adam's daddy just dropped him off and never came back! He said...he called it.." Her face scrunched up in thought for a moment. "The Winchester special. Said all they do is leave."
"We could 'accidentally' lock Benny in the manager office when he goes in to count the tills after the lunch rush." Jimmy suggested as he curled into Castiel's side; his breathing still ragged from the powerful edging induced orgasm he'd just had.
Three days had passed since the conversation that Castiel had accidentally overheard with Jack when he received a notification to his phone that a package had showed up to the local post office with his name on it. He made his excuses for leaving, stating that he just an errand to run before slipping out of the Bunker. As he eased behind the wheel of his car he felt himself practically vibrating with excitement as he made his way to the post office.  The box was light in his hands but he knew that the item it contained was of the highest quality and the subsequent ride back to the Bunker seemed to go quicker than the ride to the Post Office had been. He let himself into the Bunker; pressing his hand to the invisible sigil that had been painted there as a way to verify his and Jack's identity and allow them to come and go as they pleased from the Bunker. He stopped for a moment at the top landing to gather his thoughts and steady his breathing before he headed down the stairs where he was pleased to see Dean alone in war room.
"Dean." He nipped the blonde's lower lip gently. "Somehow I doubt they want to smell us in every room of that house. We did..anoint every available surface we could." He arched his eyebrow, suppressing a grin as Dean's cheeks turned pink.
A ping from the GPS pulled him from his thoughts and he eased the car into the first open spot near the house he found. Before exiting the car he spritzed on some blockers and worked the cockiest smirk he could drum up onto his face before he started up the walk. The house itself wasn't in the best condition, there was peeling paint and the stairs looked to be ready to cave in with the wrong step. In fact he would even go so far as to guess that the neighborhood pups called it haunted. Still he had a delivery and he wasn't going to let an old run down, possibly haunted house keep him from making it.
There was still no response from the other man, not even a fluttered eyelash to even give the impression that he was listening.
Castiel felt his insides seethe in anger, his inner wolf snarling at the description of the vibrant man he knew. Getting up from his seat he moved over and put a hand on Sam's shoulder.
“Cas….you need to stop eavesdropping on Dean. I’m starting to worry that you’re getting obsessed with the poor kid. I mean I like him too, but you have to give him some space and privacy.”
“No Samael. He loves the humans, they bring him peace. I won’t tear that away from him.” Azrael’s voice was soft now, their wings lowered and trailing behind them. “I won’t take away his peace. Instead I’ll meet him every September for as long as I can. I will let him live his lives.”
Castiel sat as if rooted to the spot; his eyes looking out the windshield of the car but not seeing any of the passing scenery. Dean was an Omega. His brother was mating an Omega but apparently seeing his Alpha brother behind his back while he was working. Closing his eyes he felt something in his chest shift, a dark, ugly, viscous thing that started in his stomach and started slowly inching it's way upwards.
"It's not like that Jimmy. I thought Crowley was lying when he told me. So I locked the papers away and forgot about them until a week ago." He looked down at his hands, unsure of himself and wondering again if telling Jimmy was the right thing to do.
"Dean. Tell me Dean, why are you here? No offense but you look pretty out of your element."  Chief's voice was softer than even before, but no less authoritative as he gave Dean every bit of his attention.
With plans made the group split up, Castiel making a stop to pick up some blankets and pillows.  If he was right Dean had nothing to make a nest out of. Not to mention his Alpha preened at the thought of providing for his Omega and showing that he was a good mate.
"I stopped in to check on Daphne once I found out that you left again. I got broadsided by a mountain of a man.  Well not really a mountain, we're about the same height, he's a bit more..muscled than I am however..."
"He's a giant cock-block is what he is. Always touching you and smirking at us when he does. As if lording it over us that he's allowed to touch you in public and we can't.  Yet." Jimmy's grump turned into a pout and secretly he agreed with Jimmy, Benny was trying to stake a claim.
He tilted his head but said nothing and with another eye-roll Dean moved over and settled down onto one of the chairs, holding his hand out when Castiel held his out waiting. Gently he smeared the cream over the red area then wrapped it to keep it clean and restrict the introduction of irritants just in case. Though he was done he didn't let Dean's hand drop instead keeping it resting gently between his own as he began to speak.
“Being hot helps too.” One of the girls from the back of the pack spoke up, an assessing grin spreading over her face as she eyed Dean up and down.
The beams of his headlights bounced off of the headstones as he turned in and Dean felt a shudder crawl down his back. No matter how many of these did he always had the same reaction to entering a cemetery; his stomach clenching with the feeling of 'you're not supposed to be here'. He looked at the tablet to verify that he was going in the right direction when the screen on the dash showed someone approaching the vehicle from the side. Blinking he looked over but seen nothing but the neat rows of headstones staring back at him. Swallowing he continued on, the little screen on the dash blinking when it caught something else coming towards the vehicle.
Dean drags him into the shower after Cas cleans them up with some clever bit of magic. Because apparently a year on Earth didn’t teach him a damn thing about the joys of a passable water heater.
Getting it doesn’t mean he’s going to let Sam be a bitch about it though. If he wants to have a problem, than he’s either gonna use his words so they can hash this shit out, or he can get over himself and let it the fuck go.
Dean shakes his head. Sam debates pulling his phone out and checking if there’s a good enough signal to check the weather reports, but Dean pulls to a stop between the fence and an RV. He puts the car in park and pockets the keys, ducking out into the rain and leaving Sam to scramble out of the passenger side to follow him.
Damn it. He’d expected a threat. Maybe an ‘I’ll put the fear of God in you if you don’t respect me’, that kinda crap. Or a stern warning that he’d overstayed his welcome and should get out of town. The kind of thing that lets Dean know he’s on the right track pressing an issue. But this… he’s being asked for help. By the guy they’re fucking investigating.
Dean is quiet on the other end while Sam unlocks the car and climbs in, tossing the folder into the backseat and slamming the door behind him.
