Holding him by the shoulders I said, “Yes Cas I am. Though Sam will be pissed he’s not the first to know”
Sam looks at him in dismay, “The Entity, dammit. I was with Eileen at home. We were just talking and the next thing I was here. Wherever here is. Dean, I don’t think this is Heaven. It feels more……...well, just more.”
It's not until three hours later, when Jimmy gets his pain meds that subsequently knocks him out, that Cas gets me up to speed.
“Jack rescued me just after he said it. He was raging Jack interfered. I’m surprised he didn’t follow us” I said
Laughing, I said, "Well, do you, Sam? Show us some karate."
Cas and I jerk around to look at the Sheriff. Now we know why he seems embarrassed.
I turned and there stood a man. He had wavy salt and pepper hair, beard, blue eyes and dressed quite preppy.
But everyone else we lost when Chuck did his whammy is back including Eileen, who I can hear laughing down the hall, no doubt at something goofy that Sam had said. I'm happy for Sam, for both of them, remembering when Eileen had knocked on the bunker door only a month ago, the look on my brother’s face was nearly worth all the crap we had gone through beforehand.
Dean takes a step back and looks up and around the structure.
Cas and I run to the barn where we have stashed some weapons just in case we ever needed them. Pulling out a duffel bag, we fill it with shotguns, knives and salt. We then run towards the trails, bringing us to the lake where our family is.
We stand like that for long minutes before Cas reluctantly lets me go. Grabbing his face in emulation of what Cas did for me downstairs, I press my lips against his forehead, before releasing him.
“You ok Joseph,” I ask
Michael walks right up to Eileen and signs “Hello”, giving her his crooked smile. “Eileen kneels in front of him and signs “Hello” back.
CASTIEL
Eve snorts, “And if I decide to step outside this realm again, you’re there to stop me. This way, I have no one watching over my shoulder. As long as the Entity gets my children when they die, it’s happy. No rules to play by but my own”
Dean is staring at Castiel in disbelief.
For god's sake, Rosario, she thinks to herself, way to go and give yourself a heart attack.
Robin grins, “I know, I thought he was messing with me but yeah he learned a lot”
……………………………………………………………………………………….
I open my eyes to see Jimmy standing there hovering at the top of the stairs.
For the rest of the day, I can barely concentrate. My mind is on my brother who is at this very moment, battling a large nest of vampires. A very large nest. And I’m not there.
“Jesus Christ” I whispered under my breath
“HEY” Sam pouts adorably at Eileen.
“Look at them Dean, look at their faces. Look at their smiles. This isn’t a competition. This is about giving them stability and a safe place, a happy place. I think right now, you and I have been successful, and we make a great team. But then I always did think so”
Amy laughs then and held up her hands in surrender, “Absolutely, show me everything”
Sonny’s words cut right to the heart of things for me. It also reminded me of a certain conversation with Sam a few nights before we left the bunker.
I stand back as Helen and Sarah follow Cas, Jimmy and Michael up the stairs. Turning to the other boys, I smile at them and tell them they can go play outside, while Helen gets Michael settled.
Sonny reached out and grabbed my hand a little desperately, “Dean please, let me say this. This place, this place saved me, and I think it saved you too. That’s why I don’t think I could trust the running of it to anyone but you, you understand how important this place is”.
also there is mild homophobic language but Cas sorts it.
I wasn’t wallowing. Well not much.
Sonny grasps Cas’s outstretched hand in his, “Cas, welcome, any friend of D-Dawg is a friend of mine”.
Rose looks between Sonny and Cas and says, “What’s this now?” and Cas tells her of his plans to plant a vegetable garden.
“Can I ask what that is?” Claire asked
Gently laying my hands on his arms, I'm shocked when I feel him shaking, “Michael, did you have a nightmare?”
The quiet click of the bedroom door closing mobilizes me into action. I hurry across the room to follow Cas but by the time I had opened the door and crossed the landing, he was gone.
My heart catches in my throat as I give a small smile back. Now that’s worth losing all decorum.
“Yeah” Sam said looking miserable “I hate this”
And I knew tonight would be no different. I was lying in bed exhausted after another day of boot camp, sleep pulling at the edges and I dreaded what I would see.
Siobhan opens her eyes, at least she thinks they’re open. It’s so dark, pitch dark. She takes several deep breaths; it feels like she hasn’t breathed in an eternity.
Shaking my head with a rueful smile, I said, “When we went for the walk on the beach”
Sonny cut in then “Jimmy has been here just a couple of weeks, this time. He’s good with his hands, nearly has enough wood cut to last the winter when it gets here”.
I heard them coming back and I called out that I would be another few minutes, with Dean calling back “Take your time”.
I look at Cas in a daze, drawing strength from his resolve, and I agree, “Of course, Cas”.
SIOBHAN
A burden I didn’t even know I was carrying was released when Sam embraced me and spoke his words of friendship.
Sam responds to Dean, “Well, that’s something at least. You want to talk to Cas?”
Cas shudders in my arms, “Oh Dean, that poor child. I can’t bear his pain”.
Jimmy’s whole face lights up, “Dean yeah I do. I always wanted to read them, but we couldn’t afford them”
“Who are you” she asked sounding raspy
I saw her look around the room until her eyes rested on me. She hesitated for a couple of seconds and then she walked across the room towards me. She stopped in front of me and said “Hi Cas” before she wrapped her arms around my waist.
Dean snorts, “Ok, Rose, but it only counts if I remember you told me that in the morning.”
Cas sat on the bed beside Dean “Dean, did something happen?”
Stunned, I looked up into the gorgeous blue eyes of my best friend, who leaned down to kiss me and whisper “My turn”.
“Rowena what?” said Sam when Dean didn’t elaborate.
Sam is in the kitchen when I arrive down, and he helps me make breakfast. It’s so lovely having him here, and the boys greet him eagerly.
Cas and I finally detangled from each other and got dressed.
Whatever it was it didn’t hurt.
It’s been a month since Sonny sent on the information of the running of the farm.
The sensations are too much. Cas is everywhere.
But her heart was for his best friend and the man he had feelings for. Like how fucked up was that. That’s all he needed, was more stress.
“I’m here Dean” I whispered back to him “I will always be here”
Then we waited.
When he asked me was I in love with her there was only one thing I could say
The silence in the house is complete save for the tick-tock of the grandfather clock in the foyer. Sam finally rallies himself before spinning around, Dean hot on his heels.
My heart trembled a bit at the hopeful look on his face, “Dean, are you sure?”
Placing my hand on his shoulder I said “You can ask me anything Jimmy, anything at all. If I can answer, I will”
He mumbled something that I didn’t get, “Sorry Cas, I didn’t hear that”
Knowing he would like to help; I text Sam to ask if he could come up with four old copies of the book and he text back straight away that he was on it.
Again, his question takes me back just from its simplicity. Now I find myself staring out to sea with Jimmy’s simple question running around my head “Why not”.
Finding him and Michael still bent over the new phone, I’m loathed to separate them, but I know Jimmy will want to talk to Sonny.
My mouth drops open, “Jesus Sarah, what”.
At 35, she still lives in the house she grew up in, no parents, no husband, no kids, or education to do anything but serve food and change an adult diaper.
Jack looked at me and said simply “They left” I just nodded my head and ran for my room.
Cas was sitting on the floor beside the bed again, holding Michael’s hand, murmuring softly to him.
“Where Davie? Where is she” Dean asked
He goes out into the hall and we can hear him talk to the boys “Ok supper is nearly ready, but I have a couple of people I want you to meet. So, wash up and be back down in the sitting room in ten minutes. So off with you. Make sure you scrub those hands”.
Sonny gives us the grand tour, pointing out the TV room where the boys do their schoolwork during the day and where they can relax in the evening. Sonny’s office is on the opposite side of the house. It has a desk, three chairs, three filing cabinets and on his desk, beside a stack of files and papers sits an old and battered desktop computer.
I climbed out of the bed completed naked, leaving Cas’s coat on the bed. As I rooted around for clothes, Dean texted Sam to tell him I was ok.
“What” I said laughing “You look like you’ve won the lottery”
I laughed “It’s not as if they ever drove any of the cars in here. Well I did drive that one and it was so pretty, but I have a feeling that red is more my colour”, looking over my shoulder at the car we just defiled.
I have to tell him. I can’t hide from this.
Cas was closer to her, waiting with his coat in his hands. I didn’t understand until Siobhan got clearer. She was naked.
Cas turns to him and asks, “Would you like to have a shower Michael, you might feel better”.
“I know, I am as well. I’m sorry but she told me this was the time to fight the Entity and…..Jack paused fighting for breath
Making sure the boys are out of earshot, he continues, “I don’t care that you are an officer of the law, if you ever speak to me or my family which includes those boys there with that horrible language again, I will make you sorry”
CASTIEL
“Thank you Rose” Cas said
Hold onto them until I get my breathing until control.
“Well” said Dean, “I think our cover is well and truly blown”.
Escorting Sarah out to her car, she interrupted my thoughts, “Dean, that frown will become permanent if you don’t relax”
“Cas I’m sorry, I’m sorry you thought that, never ok never. I couldn’t believe he said it, is all. I actually couldn’t believe I heard those words coming out his mouth. And in front of the kids” I shake my head still in disbelief.
Feeling like we’re intruding, I catch Cas by the arm. We start to stumble back into the kitchen before Rose stops us,
Through it all I watched my boys, loving me, loving each other and together we soared.
My jaw dropped, “What?”
I smiled at him, “Michael asleep” I asked.
Breathing hard, Sarah tells me about the two emergencies that tied everyone up when they got to the hospital. They were going to leave and reschedule but the staff told them to wait. But the longer they were there, the more stressed Michael got. They were finally put into a private room, when a student doctor came in and said he was going to remove the stitches and the bag.
I didn’t say anything. There was silence from Cas as well.
Standing in the room with him across from me and with Dean, Cas and Sam behind me, I remembered.
Michael reaches up and takes Dean’s hand, and together they return to the house, Travis following in their wake.
Snorting a laugh, I was so tempted to tell him there and then, but he needs his head in the game.
But it's Cas that breaks the silence, “Dean what’s…………….”
Dean stood up and helped Siobhan out of the bed.
I stood up and I know my eyes flashed orange because Sam stood up startled,
“To answer your question: yes, we learned those concepts in class last semester. But speed has an inverse relationship to friction.”
“No, the toilet paper is fine, Cas. But what is
Dean and Benny had started a band in the summer of their junior year of high school. Once word got out, everyone wanted to join it. Over the next few months, the two boys acquired the likes of Kevin, Garth, and Ash. They played in Dean’s garage every Saturday, usually for hours at a time. Sometimes one of them would propose a new song they’d come up with, but none of the band’s original work went viral, so they mostly stuck to cover songs.
“I can be anything I want to be - you know that. I’m a shapeshifter.”
Cas lowered himself to the floor, getting down on one knee. The figure in the doorway gasped.
“Yeah, it was the first – “
You'll have to go to war,
But Cas ended up following his heart and his brain, traveling back in time and inserting himself into the narrative as a fellow student. He dropped a mixtape on Dean’s desk one day, knowing that music was the best way to get Dean to listen. Of course, Dean had no idea who Cas was at the time. He sent a questioning look in Cas’ direction, and pocketed the tape so he could put it in the impala after school.
Cas retrieved the clothes and handed them out before climbing in the car. “Home?” he said hopefully.
“Alright, alright. That’s enough, handmaiden. Sheesh, for a guy who claims not to like chick-flick moments, you sure find yourself in them often.”
(See the end of the chapter for
What conversation was cut short between Cas and his brother Michael?
Dean chuckled. “Dude, I’m sure it’s not that bad. There has to be at least 5 people you could fuck in this school.”
Dean isn’t sure what he should do first – undo his belt or pull down Cas’ pants – so he ends up doing a poor job of both of them at the same time. Cas pushes Dean away, comfortable with undressing himself. He spreads his legs and holds them up, exposing his pretty, pink hole. The sight alone is enough to cause Dean to stop in his tracks and just stare. He reaches out, asking almost in a whisper: “Can I touch?”
Cas rolled his eyes but made his way up the large staircase to their supposed living establishment. Leave it to Dean to get excited about something like this…. Cas was just happy to continue being close to his best friend. College wouldn’t tear them apart – it would bring them together, right?
“Hey! I needed that.”
Cas made his way to the manager of the restaurant, whispering in his ear and then shaking his hand. He returned to his seat next to Dean, who was finishing up a conversation with his friend Benny and Benny’s date, a nice girl named Andrea.
Over the course of the next two hours, Dean learned which professors graded harshly, which of the three coffeeshops on campus had the best pastries, and what classes to avoid. He found himself laughing more than he had in a long while. Maybe college wouldn’t be so scary after all.
They rocked their bodies tightly, bringing Dean closer to the edge.
Cas balled his hands into fists, barely holding back from saying something he might regret.
As Dean approached his door, the other man stopped him.
You'll have to learn to kill
Fast forward fifteen years later, and Dean’s dream came true. He had the corner office with the best view, a personal assistant named Kevin Tran that would do anything from pick up his dry cleaning to act as a footrest during meetings (yeah, he did that once), and women that constantly threw themselves at him. All Dean had to do was sign papers and hold the occasional press conference. Very rarely did he actually visit any auto shops or get his hands dirty. It wasn’t ideal, but that was the price he had to pay for this level of luxury.
“Cas, that’s no way to address a lady, especially on this fine St. Patrick’s Day.”
You could always count on Gabe to bring the alcoholic drinks (because he was the only one above the legal age). He also frequently provided the sweets, as he owned the local bakery in town. He had been coming to these summer parties since he himself was a freshman. Now he attended them because they were an excuse to have fun. But this would be his last summer.
--------------
“Are there any myths about Cygnus?”
“Castiel,” his brother replied icily. “What are you doing at a classy establishment like this?”
Dean heard Cas say those words, but he didn’t catch their meaning for another minute. As soon as he did, though, Dean fought to hide his smile.
Dean turned to Cas with a sad smile. “I guess this is it. Thank you for doing this on such short notice. I really owe you one.”
- - -
“You probably wanted to actually get to know each other, maybe have a drink, go out on a date or two, and then have sex.”
“Dude… did you kill a man?”
“Yes, I do. But I think you knew that already.”
“If we don’t act soon, you might be spending the days biting your own neck to relieve the itch. We wouldn’t want that now, would we?”
“FUCK THE POLICE!” a guy yelled while shoving his two middle fingers in the air. He maintained eye contact with Dean as he and his friends laughed, challenging the officer to react.
Dean rolled his eyes and ruffled her hair. Charlie wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the cheek before taking his proffered hand to step off the table, down to the bench, and onto the ground.
He ran his unoccupied hand up Cas’ back and kneaded the strong muscles. Using the position as leverage, he moved so his face was right next to Cas’. His hot breath sent shivers to Cas’ spine, and Dean loved how responsive his friend was. Dean ran his hands through Cas’ hair and tugged lightly, causing the boy underneath him to moan once again.
“No, but it’s getting hot in here,” Dean said as he peeled off both his flannel and t-shirt underneath.
Wait, what? Where did that come from?
Cas isn’t sure what to do. Obviously, Dean is not awake yet, and therefore unaware of what he’s been doing. Hearing yet another muffled moan, though, Cas thinks he can help them both out.
Speaking of…
“Maybe it’s not you, then. Maybe it’s me,” he said just above a whisper, crossing his arms around his middle.
Speaking of, Cas’ hands went to the top of his jeans, asking for permission to touch. In a daze, Dean nodded his head. Cas opened his fly, pushing both his pants and underwear down. Licking a palm, Cas stroked Dean firmly and quickly. Just when Dean didn’t think it could get better, Cas reached for Dean’s hand that had a few spots of come left on it, and brought it down to meet him as they pushed and pulled together.
You better run. I’ll see you soon.
Shaking his head, Dean replies: “No it isn’t. You get the chance to recruit any and all kids that you find on the playground there. It will be like dodgeball and you know how I love that sport! Winner gets to choose the loser's punishment later tonight."
“I hope I’m not interrupting anything,” Sam said as he looked between the two of them.
“Who would like to get washed up and meet me at my room for an orgy?”
“Ow! Fuck, what was that for, Cas?”
“Dildos are surprisingly cheaper than legitimate perches. I only wish they were a bit sturdier, a bit stiffer, because Jack tends to bounce around on the wet rubber.”
Cas turned towards him, confused. “What do you mean?”
The two drew back and exclaimed “Dean?!” in unison.
“Name’s Dean Winchester. New recruit, has potential. I think he should join the frat house. At least then, I’d get to see you more.”
The man behind Dean was holding his hips so tightly as he fucked him, that Dean knew there would be finger-shaped bruises tomorrow. Good, he wanted to remember this. He wanted a souvenir, even if it was temporary.
“I completely lost track of time. I was supposed to pick a date for this event the fraternity is hosting. Not to mention, I still have to get ready. My Big Brother’s gonna be so mad at me if I don’t come.”
“Easy for you to say, Mr. Panty-Dropper! Women fall at your feet every day.”
“Oh, we wouldn’t want that,” Cas replies with a twinkle in his eyes. He plucks the condom out of Dean’s hands and tries to open it, but the foil just won’t rip. He starts to bite a corner with his teeth. Dean finds himself amused and slightly aroused at Cas’ eagerness.
“Okay, um…I guess I need to prep you first, right? That’s what people do.”
“You do like corrupting the fresh meat, don’t you?”
Dean checked his watch. “It’s around 10am. Wanna grab some breakfast soon?”
Chancing a look below, Dean groaned.
“Heaven’s no.”
“I… I don’t know,” came his lame reply. Dean rubbed the back of his neck nervously.
“Choose one, an interesting one.”
“’One of those guys?’ Tell me, what kind of guy am I?” he asked, feeling his irritation grow by the minute.
He runs his hands over the backs of Cas’ thighs, lifting and pushing them up. Dean licks a stripe over Cas’ hole and hears his lover cry out above him.
- know that you might die.”
“The point was to give Phaeton a proper burial so he could travel safely to the afterlife. See, Phaeton was already dead long before the deal took place.”
“Technically, you just became a human so you are still a child.”
it back in,” he said, punctuating his words with a thrust of his hips.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fuck, Dean. Harder. Yeah, please. Just like that,” Cas grunted as Dean slammed into him from behind.
Dean hated days like these, when it was over 90 degrees and he was required to wear his full work uniform. Ed Zeddmore and Harry Spangler were able use it to their advantage, though, because they decided to pretend to be strippers impersonating police officers in order to “blend in and boost morale”. One of the tent poles was undoubtedly being abused by them sliding up and down it all day, taking clothing off piece by piece. They weren’t the most attractive guys on the force, but they knew that showing skin was the name of the game here.
Oh, how Cas wished he could be back in that cold pool! But the school had already closed the aquatic facilities due to classes ending and extracurricular sports no longer in session.
be a problem for you, baby bro.”
It was entertaining to watch, because Cas could out-run anyone. But this time, he gradually slowed his speed so that the kids would be able to tackle him to the ground.
“Totally,” Dean said noncommittally. Benny didn’t need to know that Dean had never drank alcohol, or had sex. Back home, Dean was a clean-cut Mama’s boy. He dated only one girl, Lisa, and he broke it off because she wanted more. But here? He could be anyone.
After, the physical affection came more easily. There were goodnight kisses at the door, and then hello kisses before dates, and then everything in between. Sometimes, it was hard to leave the car because they were too busy trying to map each other’s mouths and memorize the sounds of delayed gratification.
It did not disappoint. Dean reveled in the fact that being able to feel things meant he was
Dear God,
Dean laughed. Yes, it was true that Cas was cursed – or blessed – with perpetual bedhead. It always looked like Cas had been freshly fucked. Dean imagined he looked the same tonight.
Fortunately (or unfortunately), Dean knew the 2
“You know, Cas… you kind of look like a swan.”
“Thanks, man,” Sam said as he appeared next to Dean. “For a minute, I thought they were going to eat me alive! Where were you guys anyway?”
Dean wanted to laugh, but thought that might be too insensitive. He did feel sorry for the guy, after all.
The stranger was the first to pull back this time, but only far away enough to meet Dean’s eyes.
Dean drove them back to their homes which were next door to each other. He needed some more time alone (the car ride felt shorter to Dean today for some reason), so he grabbed their last few moving boxes, hugged his family goodbye, and promised Cas would call them later.
Dean groaned. So much for taking it slow. If you count the years of eye-fucking, though, the next logical step would be ass-fucking…. right? Right?
Dream while you can
“Dean?” Cas asked nervously.
“You winked at me and then came in here, signaling you wanted to engage in sexual acts.”
- - -
“Close. I’m –“ Cas stuttered.
Dean choked a bit on his beer upon hearing that. The other man patted his back to help with the coughing. His hand lingered a moment longer than necessary.
“Perhaps I just didn’t want anyone else to see it.” Cas climbed over Dean and straddled his back. “But yes, I pulled it out, and I can
“Jerk,” he replied lamely, punching Cas in the arm for last-minute emphasis. “Put the tape in and get on the hood of the car before I decide to leave you stranded out here!”
“I-I’m sorry. Where is this coming from?” Sam asked, very confused.
“Oh, that’s the easy part. Remember, Jack isn’t Chuck. He’s only been doing this for a short time, so summoning him is way easier than getting ahold of Dad,” Gabriel said as he closed his eyes with his arms outstretched. He mumbled a few words in Latin and then within seconds Jack was standing in Dean’s bedroom with the whole crew, looking quite confused.
“I didn’t get Heaven’s approval when I impregnated you with our child.”
“Becky…”
“That I live with a few roommates, one of which is very sick. You’re the sick one. That way if I have to leave, he thinks I’m just helping a sick friend.”
. But there is a lot on my plate right now with Sam and the twins.”
Sam put his beer down on the table before answering. “A lot has happened since you went—away,” Sam restrained himself. “Dean is on bedrest. He has a condition call preeclampsia. We’ve had a few scares in the past few weeks.” Sam could see the fear in Cas’s eyes as he explained what’s going on with Dean. “The doctor told us that he needs to stay stress-free for himself and the baby’s sake.”
He soon heard the door to his classroom open and it was his brother, wide eyed and out of breath. He ran to his brother and quickly noticed the blood stain on Sam’s pants. “Come on let’s get you out of here.” He wrapped his arm around him and helped him to his feet. Dean got him to the Impala as fast as he could.
don’t even know who it was.”
Sam sighed. “We both said some pretty fucked up stuff.”
“I was scared, okay! And I took it out on her.” He sighed. “I’ll go and apologize to her.” He got up and left the infirmary room. In the hallway he ran into Cas. “Cas, I gotta do something, do you mind just watching over him really quick?”
Sam sighed. “We’re going to save Cas. We will. But can we please hold off on calling archangels into the mix before we start another angel war?”
Dean scoffed. “Afraid? Afraid of a newborn? They were about to murder her not 20 minutes ago. What changed?”
“What about?”
Sam wasn’t sure if he could watch this anymore and lucky for him, Ethan was almost done with his bottle. He got his son back to his crib and gave him a quick kiss before leaving him for the night. Hopefully. He then ran back to the bathroom where Dean was now at the sink washing his mouth out. “Can I get you anything?”
Sam sighed in relief. He planted himself in the rocking chair as he watched his son drink his bottle. Sam could feel himself drifting off. He rubbed his eyes as last ditch effort to stay awake when he heard someone out in the hallway running.
“Have you told Sam about these?”
He went back to the sink to wash out his mouth and wipe the sheen off his face. The dizziness was still there. There was no way he could teach another class in 30 minutes. He also realized that he couldn’t drive in his condition. Fumbling for his phone, he called Dean to pick him up. Sam didn’t get in much detail when he spoke to his brother. He simply let him know that wasn’t feeling well and lucky for him, Dean didn’t ask too many questions.
Sam sighed. “You’re not going to like the answer.”
Sam was about to talk about how he is there for her, but could feel another wave of nausea crash through him. He put a hand on his stomach to try and calm it, but it was no use. He ended up running to the stall again and vomiting. There wasn’t much left in his stomach, causing him to dry heave. Sam could feel Becky patting his back encouraging him to breathe. When he finished, he didn’t bother getting off of the floor. “This sucks,” he said, hoarsely. “I don’t understand what the hell is wrong with me.”
Dean was beginning to lose his cool. “Jack, I’m pregnant with a Nephilim.
. Dean wanted to wait to tell his brother. “He proposed to me today when he told me about the shit show that is Heaven.”
Sam had to cover his smile with his hand. “Umm—hmm, okay. I mean I told you that those bacon cheeseburgers would catch up to you one day,” he warned.
“You do?”
Dean sputtered, “T-this is not about me! This is about you! And no, we didn’t. Not that it’s any of your business,” he mumbled.
Castiel got a good look at the black and white screen and it was Ruth, who looked worse for the wear. She was banging on the door, screaming. “Please let me in! Castiel, please!!!” Castiel bolted for the stairs when Jody grabbed his shirt. “Woah! What are you doing? Think about this. You don’t know her.”
Castiel was having a hard time faking like everything was fine. He had to tell the boys what happened. This was one secret that he wasn’t going to be able to keep to himself. “We need to talk,” he told them.
At first Becky smiled at the text message but soon frowned. “Noah?” Sam presumed.
“Just take it slow. Here.” Sam handed him a glass of water with some Tylenol.
He scoffed. “Absolutely not.” Sam handed her phone back to her and began to walk away to his car.
“What are you doing?” he asked annoyed.
“Have you had sex with a man, since you’re been a woman?”
“And you think I can fix this?” Cas asked the boys, incredulously.
She frowned at the news. “Aw that’s too bad. Is that what you guys were talking about?”
Jack hugged everyone on his way out and Dean expressed his gratitude towards his decision. Everyone departed from Dean’s room including Gabriel, who Dean personally thanked for helping out. Gabriel, of course, replied for him never to contact him again but was said with a mischievous grin.
Sam didn’t say anything until he made it to the bottom of the staircase to meet his brother at eye level. “Why do you care?”
Innocently Sam said, “Making dinner….”
Sam raised his eyebrows disbelievingly. “Really? Because I was just in the bathroom and you were not in there,” Sam called him out. “And you reek of holy oil.” Dean watched his brother put the pieces together. “You summoned Gabriel, didn’t you?”
When she noticed Dean in the hallway, she approached him with open arms. “Look who decided to wake up. It’s good to see your old ass,” she said playfully.
“And you’re sure we can’t just have sex?”
Jody ran to lock and barricade the door in case the angles came back.
“Why don’t you let me help?” Castiel suggested. “I can cook dinner.”
Dean sat back down and continued his research. Ethan rested on his shoulder, not making much of a fuss. He felt him drooling a little on his grey t-shirt, leaving a lovely mark, but it didn’t bother him at all. Dean jotted down a few more fun ideas for Thanksgiving when Castiel appeared by his side holding a cloudy mason jar.
Jack turned around to face the wall. He was having a hard time facing them all. “I’m sorry I can’t. I know that makes me a hypocrite, but I have to think about what’s best for the universe.” He turned around to face them again. “And a Nephilim could be incredibly dangerous.”
“Let me help, Dean. If you’re in pain then let me help!” Cas shouted.
Dean was 42 weeks and the angels hadn’t made their move. The bunker was on edge with anticipation. Dean on the other hand was irritated, large and at this point could care less about the angels. He had said multiple times that, “if these angels can get this baby out of me, then bring it on!” Jody would check on his progress daily. He was way overdue. In a normal world she could steal some drugs to induce him, but they were all on lock down. Meaning, the baby would have to come in its own time.
“If I were to move in with him then I know my feelings for him would grow stronger,” she admitted. “Like, I know that I’m technically under the same roof as him now but it’s a big house and his brother and his boyfriend are there. I feel more like a roommate…,” she said solemnly. The therapist squinted her eyes which Becky noticed. She soon perked up and said, “which is fine!”
“Question, what exactly have you told Noah about your situation? Does he know that you’re going to have twins soon?” Sam said, with a hand on his bump.
Dean pretended as if he didn’t hear him the first time. “Hmm? What’s that?”
“I love you too, Cas,” Dean told him.
“We’d have to reevaluate, but your levels right now are too far gone to take that risk. I also want to keep you here for a few more days before I send you home.”
Dean couldn’t understand how Sam was surprised to see her, or why he was being so nice to her.  Then it dawned on him. “Becky? Becky’s the one you met at the gym? She’s the one you’ve been going out with?” he asked incredulously.
Dean went to leave when he turned back around. “Can I ask you something? When you did the spell to make yourself pregnant…what was going through your head?” Dean didn’t ask this with anger or judgement in his voice. He was simply was curious.
“Do you think that’s a realistic goal that you’ve set yourself?” she asked her.
“What is that?”
“Have you heard the news of the Nephilim?” she got right to the point. No wonder why she had been looking for him. If the angels catch wind that a Nephilim is on Earth, then this would be an all hands-on deck situation. Cas didn’t know that the angels knew. He had been tuning out angel radio for a while. He knew that it was reckless, but he thought that he was being safe. “Yes, I have heard about it. There is no proof of it so I didn’t pay it much mind.”
Dean thought for a second. “Like, now or before when we hunted?”
Sam looked over to his brother who was grining ear to ear. “Are you serious?”
Dean put a hand to his bump and looked down at it in awe. “I can’t believe this. Is there nothing we can do?”
Becky took a seat on the edge of Sam’s bed. She scoffed. “You’re joking right? Twins? I promise you; I had no idea that was going to happen.”
“And? Wait---who are you?”
Gabriel sighed. “You know what makes a good leader? Someone who not only cares about his employees but his customers too. My Dad didn’t really care about either one. We were all just his little experiments that he liked to toy with every once in a while. But you--” He pointed to Jack. “--you, care about everything and that’s great! You’re already a better God than my father could ever hope to be. And I know that you care about Cas and Dean, just like they care about you. So, what do you say? Why don’t you go back up to Heaven and call this whole thing off? Hmm?” Gabriel sounded so convincing and sure of himself. It could’ve all been bullshit, but you would never have known.
Sam chuckled. “Congratulations?” Dean rolled his eyes at his brother. He didn’t know the hell he went through to get the goddamned turkey in the goddamned oven. So, he was pretty proud of himself no matter what his brother said. “I’m shocked that you didn’t have Cas do it. I mean he did all of the hard work yesterday,” Sam teased.
Sam left Jody’s house to get a head start on the hunt while Dean stayed behind. Jody was about to get dinner on the table when she noticed Dean staring at his phone. “Looking for someone to call you? Or are you looking to call someone.”
“Which means the engagement is off, Cas,” Dean tells him.
“I know. It’s not your fault. We’ll figure it out,” he plastered a smile on his face.
“It’s a boy!” he exclaimed. The whole room erupted in cheers. “And a girl,” Cas announced.
“And to think I thought you were the normal one!”
“You’re not actually listening to what Becky said, are you? She could be lying! Clearly she got her hooks into you.”
Dean looked at his pale eggs as if it was mocking him. “Whatever,” he mumbled. “Where is Sam?”
Dean read this entry over and over again. She loved him. This was all kinds of wrong.
“Dean could be pregnant,” Sam told her.
“And I think you should too.”
“Keys?” Castiel asked Dean with his hand out.
He pushed Dean out of the bathroom so he could have some privacy to take the test. After peeing on the stick, he waited a few minutes to see the results. It was positive. Sam had to take a double take when viewing it. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Why would Becky do such a thing? He felt so betrayed.
Dean stepped up to her. “You should go,” he said, which was more of a demand.
He heard a small voice call out. A women’s voice in the Men’s bathroom. He thought that was odd.
“Are we 100% sure that this is a good idea. I just want to make sure that you and the baby are going to be okay with her here.”
Sam opened the car door. “Good thing I didn’t ask you.” At the police scene they questioned the local cops about the recent killings in the area. Their suspicions were answered when they heard that the victim’s hearts were ripped out. It didn’t take long for them to find the nest and Dean got his chance to see what his new body could do. He found that he could run a little faster, but lost half the strength that he had as a boy. He got flung around a lot more than usual, which was not ideal.
“Do me a favor, Sammy. Stay away from my junk.”
Dean could recognize that his tactic was a little hostile but he was desperate. He continued to plow through. “I need you to go to heaven and--,”
That morning Sam was awake before Dean. He went out to get them both some coffee. He figured he would need since it was already pretty late when he went to bed and Dean hadn’t come home. He also could smell the beer and whiskey from the clothes he wore last night that were crumbled in the corner of the room.
Quiet as they could, they snuck into the cabin threw the back door open. They could hear the sisters talking in the living room. “Alright, by morning we’re heading out. Those hunters can’t be too far behind us.”
“I went out for coffee with someone,” he said plainly. He debated if he would tell his brother with who. And then decided against it.
Cas pulled him in for one final kiss. “I will,” he whispered. Dean felt Cas disappear from his grasp. He expected his initial feeling to be sadness. Yet he was white hot with anger. How could Jack do this to him. To Cas. He practically raised him. And he would be damned if he wasn’t going to give him a piece of his mind.
As Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and held him tight, he could feel the hug was not reciprocated. When he pulled back Dean wasn’t smiling or crying or joyous. He seemed… pissed. Extremely pissed. “Dean?” Cas said cautiously.
“I just hope that your brother can forgive me.”
Becky joined him at the table. “It was good!” she said happily. “How are you feeling this morning?”
Sam wasn’t sure if he heard that right. “Fiancé?”
“I don’t know. You sounded pretty optimistic there,” Sam shrugged.
Becky and Sam spent some time with their kids, until they drifted off to sleep. Becky couldn’t stop gazing down at them in their bassinets. “They are so perfect.”
I had always found Siobhan to be a beautiful woman. But the only clothes I had ever seen her in was jeans, jumpers or sweatpants and t-shirts.
I know she's right, “Thanks Rose. Listen, have you seen Cas?”
He answered with a “Yo Davie.”
“No Sam, I’m not. Damn that girl for getting under my skin” she replied
I hold his gaze as I tell him, “I told you before and I’ll tell you again, you’re stuck with me, ok. Until you finally see sense and run for the hills?”
“Excellent. Then that is what she has to agree to, before any spell is performed” I said
An hour later, I'm standing outside Cas’s door with palms sweating, heart thumping and a tongue as dry as the Sahara.
SIOBHAN
And Cas and Alt Dean have nearly forgotten that they are in company. I watch as my counterpart, smiles and lays his hands gently on Cas’s hand to illustrate a point in his story, or nudges him gently with his shoulder, while giving him a wink.
Jimmy looks surprised, “Really?”
Sam has a natural way with people and he soon is engaging the boys in conversation, asking them how they like Harry Potter so far. Keith and Nick respond to his questions but still seem wary of him.
“Thanks D-Dawg”.
The vision was running in his mind in a loop. In the vision he felt emotions, his feelings for Siobhan, so happy being together, their future bright and the years ahead filled with possibilities his happiness being with Sam, Dean and Jack, living in the bunker as a family, dangerous feelings to be having now.
It’s been a month since Sonny sent on the information about the running of the farm.
As she turned to close the door behind her she looked straight at their table and locked eyes with Castiel.
Cas’s face was all screwed up while he stared at the sentry “I don’t know” he replied
Cas is lying on the bed, staring up at the ceiling when I come in. The only light in the room is coming from the bedside lamp.
“Oh god, I’m sorry, I’m sorry Castiel” I closed my eyes, but the images were still too fresh in my mind, so I quickly opened them again.
Cas smiled again and said “Ok”
And now we were asking the same of Rowena.
The fact that I had just died and was brought back to life was something I was trying my best to squash down, so I didn’t have to think about it right now, but the fact that both Dean and Cas still showed signs of the stress of the last ten minutes wasn’t helping, so I concentrated on Jack.
I looked around the room. The ceiling and walls were of a cherry wood, tongue and grooved in style. A wardrobe, chest of drawers and two lockers beside each bed made up the furniture in the room. Another door revealed an en-suite bathroom with an electric power shower. Sonny laughed when I saw it and he admitted it was his one bit of luxury that he indulged himself in here. But he deserved it and I told him so.
“Hey Dean, I thought you might need this” Rose smiled down at me.
Sam stares at his brother, who looks even younger and fresher than he did when he died. Taking Dean’s face in his hands, Sam drinks in his fill, “I never thought I would see you again. What year are you from? I remember all your time travel escapades. I don’t remember you telling me this one?”
I can feel as well as hear Sam’s indrawn breath, “I really miss you too, Dean.”
“With you both”, is as far as I'm concerned, a bare faced lie, her adoration for Cas all over her face, but I plaster on my best smile as I say, “Well that is so kind of you to say, Ms Mason”, jumping up and pushing Cas gently towards the door.
“Then may I make a suggestion. You and Cas will be living together for the next six months, working side by side. No monsters, no apocalypses. Take that time to see how you really feel and if you can’t return his feelings then, you’ll know what to do, and if you do return his feelings well then, I’m sure you know what to do there as well “Sammy says with a smirk on his face.
Cas snorts at that, “Yeah, he has.”
“Very” I replied shaking my head “But I spoke to Naomi. Heaven is in turmoil, but she promised she would get here as soon as she could”
………………………………………………………………………………………
Now that the spell was done, we had to get down to the planning of how to take Chuck down.
Ms Mason shrugs her shoulders, “His story is a sad one but one that happens too often. He comes from a loving home, but when his father died, his mother realised he had left a lot of debt. For a while, she tried to pay back what she could, but then she lost her job, then her house, eventually she started drinking to get through the day. Just too many hits to take, I’m afraid. And it’s the Nicholas’s of the world that have to suffer. She loves her son, but she just isn’t capable at the moment”.
I ran to Jack and pulled him into a standing position
It takes everything in me not to jump into the Impala and catch up with Helen’s car and beg Jimmy not to go.
I call Cas to show him, and he smiles in delight. “Your brother has the most beautiful and pure soul, Dean. The kids will be delighted.”
Rowena had got word to us that the spell would take another couple of hours to come to full power. My blood ran cold when I heard. Siobhan had already been in the Entity’s grip for three hours by now. She was probably dead and if she wasn’t, I couldn’t bear to think what was happening. Dean had disappeared to his room as well. Sam and Jack were going through the books to see if there was anything they missed.
And why, because despite everything happening around me, I was happy. Ecstatically happy.
“Are we going home?” Jimmy asks
Feeling incredibly awkward, I say, “So Helen told us. I understand. Just……”
As he was laying out cereal and milk on the table, we could hear screaming coming from Siobhan, begging Dean to stop whatever he was doing and then she went silent again.
I turned around and there stood Castiel “I hope Dean wasn’t too hard on you” he said
Cas glares at me from the bed and I said “Your adorable when you pout, you know that?
“Ok maybe I’m overreacting but some women say they’re getting women’s stuff when really they mean they’re doing something else. They know men run screaming in the other direction when women’s stuff is mentioned”
I then told them the story I had never told anyone, not even at home.
Entering the kitchen, Michael climbs back onto his chair while I call Sam and Eileen into the foyer. On hearing that Rowena is here, Sam rushes out the door while I ask Eileen to keep a close eye on Michael.
Cas had moved away from me and was now behind Dean, kissing his neck. Dean then turned and took Cas lips with a passion that took my breath away. I really could watch them do that all day.
“I know Cas, but I hate leaving you behind” I laughed somewhat embarrassed.
Michael looks at me when I ask the question, but he doesn’t answer. His eyes go back to Cas and after a moment, he nods.
It was Joseph’s turn to move on the Twister mat, and Eileen gave the board a spin where it landed on green. When she told Joseph, he realised he would have to move his whole body to get his leg over Nicholas to reach a green circle on the mat.
“But Siobhan, I could give him back to you. I could make it that it never happened. And you and your son could live happily ever after, never knowing about Heaven and Hell and the Winchesters.”
But I messed up Jack. I have fallen in love with both Castiel and Dean. But neither of them can be mine for reasons that are not mine to tell.
Finally, Jimmy asks, “What happened to him Dean, those screams……….” he stops his whole-body shuddering.
The most delicious sensation woke me out of my slumber. I was wrapped around Cas playing big spoon to his little spoon. My very erect cock was nestled right up against Cas’s ass.
“You looking forward to seeing Cas” Sam asked
Cas and I sit there grinning at each other before Cas shakes his head, “What” I ask
“What is it” said Dean.
“What?” I asked shocked. Then I remembered the way the angels knelt before me and ……………….and my vision started blurring again.
After settling it with Sonny, that Cas would be coming with me, I explained to Cas about running the home, showing him the emails with all the information that Sonny had sent me. Cas went into deep research mode. Looking up ways of making kids feel at ease, parenting tips, even some cooking skills.
Everyone looked startled at that, including myself. I knew what I had to do; I just hadn’t thought much about what happened after.
“What” he said smirking “I was enjoying the show”
Just then the door to the café opened and in walked a woman. She was about 5’6’’, slim and had light brown hair that fell in waves down her back.
“Cas you ok, you look like your dead on your feet?” I asked him.
I looked up at him and he was grinning from ear to ear.
Jack himself had been quiet since we left Heaven. After we bade the girls farewell, Sam said goodnight and left for his room.
Unfortunately, Sam didn’t bring a suit, but it wouldn’t matter anyway. Too many people had seen Sam and knew he was my brother. But Sam rings a hunter friend who had stayed in the bunker not long ago. He wasn’t too far away, and he promised to check it out. Sam gave my number to the hunter who went by the name Adam Richards and asked him to ring me if he got any information.
“Uh uh” I said “I’m not interested in anything you have to say”
Jimmy’s breath hitches, and he struggles to bring himself under control again.
I may have said earlier that I wasn’t keeping score but when I looked back on the last twelve years, maybe we both owed each other a hell of a lot.
CASTIEL
“Siobhan?”
Who will?
If Siobhan managed to kill the Entity, then she and Cas were free to pursue this thing between them and Dean would be happy for them. Damned happy, even if it killed him.
Instead, I murmur into his shoulder, “We better get in for our dinner, before Rose gives it to Miracle”.
“Dean looked at me in shock and said “That’s Jack”
Thursday evening, Helen rang to say that she would be bringing a counselor with her the next day to speak to Michael telling us they will arrive around 3pm.
I give her a deadpan look, “You have met Cas, right?”
So I tell Cas about going to Robins and what the boys ordered and the fun we were having when Deputy Douchebag turned up.
I exchanged a helpless look at Dean.
“More” I groaned, and Cas obliged by adding a second finger. He took it slowly, delving in and out, opening me up.  He plunged both fingers and caressed my prostate, sending spasms of sensation throughout my body, that had my cock twitching and leaking pre-cum.
Siobhan and Dean had fallen asleep within minutes of each other. I had ended up in the middle and both of them had fallen asleep on my chest. After making love we had ended up like this just whispering before both of them went quiet.
“Well yeah, Dean sent me a picture. I’m in town on a hunt and I literally bumped into her. Good looking chick, brown hair, bit on the thin side, green eyes, same as the picture you sent me.”
Jody and Donna look at them as if they are talking a different language before Donna asks, “You’ll stay for dinner, right?”
Sam, who’s waiting for me to lead the way, roars out his window. “C’mon Dean I have two boys here practically vibrating with excitement. I’m scared they’re going to explode”
“I believe this is where I’m supposed to say, Hold my beer.”
“Clusterfuck” I said, gritting my teeth.
A couple of hours later I'm feeling better, as I make my way back to the farm with Miracle by my side.
My hair looked like birds had nested. I ran a brush through it and then stuck it up in a ponytail. There that’ll have to do
“Sorry Cas I didn’t quite catch that” I ask grinning.
Cas smiles, “And I need yours”.
“Rowena, I don’t understand half of what I’m reading. I’ve only been in this life a few months and it might as well be written in gobbledygook for all the sense it’s making. I need your help. Please” I begged
“Oh Lord” Rowena said, “I knew you guys would drive her around the bend” and stalked towards the kitchen. After a slight hesitation Naomi followed her.
Siobhan and I got ready for bed while talking about what happened in Heaven.
Jimmy grinned reading the inscription, as did Joseph. Keith looked even more surprised while Nick rubbed the book like it was treasure. And Michael, well he just stared at the book for a long time before his mouth crooked up slightly. Just like Cas does.
Rose who has been in the pantry walks back into the kitchen, in time to hear Sarah’s exclamation.
As we sit there in the silence, Nick speaks softly, “I wish I could go home”.
I feel the smile on my face splitting it in two, “Thank God, I was worried. So good to see you are ok”
As I sit there with Michael, I remember another boy whose tears soaked my shirt in this same barn not too long ago when he didn’t want to leave us. Now another boy is crying because that same boy doesn’t want to come back.
I can’t breathe. I'm falling deeper.
“Hi Dean,” Jack says smiling at me. I can’t speak. My mouth's moving but no sounds are coming out.
He looks around and asks, “Eileen and Cas back yet?”
Catching his eye, I ask him, “You doing ok there Buddy” and he nods. I hear Cas asking if he wants to go somewhere quieter, but he shakes his head.
“What?” cried Siobhan “She didn’t…. what did you try to do?” she mock glared at Cas
When Cas and I hustle the boys to bed later, it’s like an episode of The Walton’s with multiple shouts of “Goodnight Sam, Night Cas and Night Dean but it’s Joseph who again steals the night.
“What” said Sam.
“Ok” I said
Cas embraces him and says, “Now you have no excuse to miss Book Club”
Between hunts, my days in the bunker can be filled with days either cleaning, or cooking up a storm, puttering with the cars in the garage or what I’m doing now, which is a movie marathon with Cas. And if this is my favourite way to spend my down time, well no one has to be bothered about that, but me.
Sam sighs into the phone, “oh before I forget, those books you asked for Dean are on their way to you. You should have them any day now”.
My heart swelled to ten times its size it felt, and I thought “How was I going to walk away,” but I had to, I couldn’t stay.
Later, much later than we planned, we make our way back to the house. Halfway back, Michael stumbles, so Cas swings him up into his arms and carries him on his hip, the rest of the way home.
Forty minutes later we were passing the “Welcome to Harrisonville” sign. I drove to the address Davie had given us and we parked across the road.
I laughed and said, “Well you caught me on a good decade”.
Leaning in, I brush my lips against his before saying, “I was hoping you would say that”
“What” said Sam
I swear I nearly have a heart attack when Cas who’s lying on his back, completely debauched looking, spreads his legs wide.
Turning to me she winked and said, “I thought I was going to have to pry Cas from her cold dead hands”.
“I know that Cas but this……….” shrugging my shoulders and looking back at the farmhouse, “this is unlike anything we have taken on before”.
Eileen and I, both working on our laptops, look across the table at Sam and then look at each other, before I ask, “I’m sorry what did you say?”
Cas returns the handshake, but Alt Dean’s hand lingers in Cas’s. “I’m sorry we didn’t get to meet last time. If we had, I would have been very reluctant to move to Brazil”
I truly thought that by the time Sam and I got back to the bunker after defeating Chuck and saying goodbye to Jack, that Cas would have been here. That Jack would have freed him, but he wasn’t. Now a month has gone by, a month of prayers and research and more prayers to Jack and Cas, begging for him to be returned. Surely Jack wouldn’t leave him in the Empty, Cas was his Dad.
A brief thought crossed my mind was that if it took me now the last touch I would feel would be Dean’s, and I took comfort in that.
Checking over her work, she feels her father calling.
The Sheriff's reaction is one of surprise. “Something wrong, Sheriff, “Cas asks.
“I didn’t come because I knew I could do nothing. It was up to the witch to reverse the spell. She did, didn’t she?” Naomi asked
I still wanted to help people, I still wanted to make a difference, but I thought maybe I could do it legitimately, maybe be the person who cleans up the mess instead of being the one who walks away and leaves the mess for someone else to clean up.
Without a goodbye to the Deputy, I press some notes into Robin’s hand, giving it a small squeeze and thanking her again for the takeaway.
“Ok, I better let you go,” I said, hugging him tighter, which got a laugh out of Jimmy.
“Jesus Dean, go after him” Sam said.
“How” I asked
“NO, Dean I’m not giving you up, so don’t even think about it.”
“Well it would be handy to have known that. Rowena? Naomi?” I asked them
“I don’t know who I have to thank for the two of you, so I’ll thank the universe for you” Dean said
“Conduit” said Castiel
Jack tilts his head, “But we both know that’s a lie, don’t we, Eve. You had already made up your mind long before we asked you.”
Cas squints at me before he shakes his head laughing, “Coming into a room Dean. When we hear them, we make it as uncomfortable for them as they have made it for us”
I grab a takeaway mug and fill it with coffee, telling Rose I'll grab something to eat in Hurleyville.
Sam snorts, “Yeah, we are, aren’t we”
I huff a laugh, “That boy”.
Cas came back around the bed and sat down in the chair beside me once more.
“Dad, are you ok? Are you hurt?” the young man Castiel now knows is Dean, Sam’s son.
All of us breathed a sigh of relief and then I said to Jack “Heal her, please”
This is so not good.
I can’t get too pissed because he’s right. The longer Cas and I are together, the better it is with us.
“In case all of the angels aren’t on the level” Siobhan said
“Rose” I growled at her “Cas is my best friend”.
He moves to gather him close, “Hi Jack”, Dean whispers.
I felt a bit bad though that Sam’s happiness only highlighted what was missing in my life. I missed Jack and I missed Cas; I missed my best friend.
Well, fuck Walker and the horse he rode in on. We had a good thing going here. It wasn’t perfect, but it was going well. Was I always going to get sucked back into this world? Were innocents always going to get hurt because of me?
Jimmy looks at me with something akin to reverence, “You’ll do that Dean. You’ll stay in touch with me, to keep me posted on Michael”.
When I glance at Dean, the picture tells its own story. Dean is pale, sweating, and his fists are tight. He’s barely keeping it together.
Cas looks up at me sleepily, “Where are you going? I’m sorry Dean, did this make you uncomfortable?”
“You were serious about that” Jimmy asks as he enters the kitchen to help clean up.
The sound of a car pulling up halted Cas’s question and I saw the familiar blue car of Helen’s through the window.
“I am the Conduit” I said “I can channel the power of God from him to someone else. In this case, Jack.
Cas just nods still staring down at me.
Sam smiled sadly “I’m sorry Dean”
He lay down on the bed and tried to quiet his mind. It didn’t work.
“Your welcome. I’m glad I could help” Naomi said
I looked at Cas and his eyes were welling up. That’s a good sign, right?
Rose looks up as we both come to a standstill. “Rose, oh my god, look at this place.”
Dean snorts at the long-ago joke before meeting Cas’s eyes, and they hold their gaze, Castiel stroking Dean’s cheek, “Olani hoath ol, Dean.”
The voice is so loud in her head that she thinks her skull will split apart
Keith's eyes widen even further before I wink and grin at him and he smiles back. Leaning in, I said, “Believe me, when you're older, the girls will love them” and I laugh as Keith gave me a disgusted look.
When we re-join Sam and Eileen in the sitting room, Cas says, “It’ll take maybe a half hour before they are all out, then we can start”
“I can’t right now. But I might be able to join you soon” then she vanished.
Dean's emerald eyes are fixed on mine, and I wait for the internal struggle reflected in them to die away. Blowing out a breath, Dean squeezes my hands before relaxing, “Ok Cas, ok.”
Jimmy shrugged nervously not really liking the spotlight on him so much now.
With a sad look on her face she says, “Michael, he looks, well he looks the image of Cas, its actually uncanny. I just thought you should be prepared, before you saw him” she squeezes my arm lightly and climbs into the car.
It was because of this that Arael came into being. Jack made him a companion. A new Angel that he could teach the ways of humanity to.
Siobhan stopped dancing “There is? What?”
Smiling sheepishly at Cas I said, “Yes, yes come in?”
Once we are sufficiently refuelled, we stop at some of the stalls where I treat the boys to a t-shirt of their choice which include a Harry Potter t-shirt for Joseph and Keith, Avengers t-shirt for Nicholas, Michael chose a white t-shirt that says in black writing “I may be wrong, but it's highly unlikely” and Jimmy chooses a grey t-shirt that says in bold writing “Do not read the next sentence” and in smaller writing said, “You little rebel, I like you”
As I drop my bag of purchases onto my bed, I watch Cas come out of the bathroom with only a towel around his waist. His skin is still damp and flushed from the shower.
I left the bunker and got into the Impala. Nobody had left the bunker in a week and we were down to practically bread and water, and I lost the toss for the supply run.
It's on this high note that we return to the fair. We hit the bumper cars again before trying the teacups, that spin you around while zig zagging you all over the place. Michael’s laughs are the only thing I hear as he’s pressed up against me on the ride.
Quickly, I shower before, dressing in jeans and a plain black tee, ready to go at a moment's notice if needed.
She winked back at me.
I smiled at him whispering “Hey buddy, looks like you got a good night’s sleep huh”
“I know, Cas I know”, squeezing him tighter, telling him over and over, “I’ve got you, ok, I’ve got you”.
Jackie closes the door and smiles at us, “He’ll be fine. If he does want me to come back in, just call me. I’ll be manning the nurse’s station for the next hour” she squeezes both our arms as she leaves the room.
“You’re drooling, Dean” Rose whispers in my ear, while hip bumping me out of her way.
So, I couldn’t stay.
“Ha ha funny. Good one Cas” Dean said “Ok Siobhan it’s your turn”
“I’m so happy. I never dreamed this” I began
“No. I thought you might like to take a walk along the beach with me. You don’t have to, if you don’t want to” I tell him.
Finally naked, we kiss and touch, grabbing at each other desperately.
“We have to up our game” Cas declared
Sam makes a choking sound in his throat, and I look over at him, “Yes, Michael, Sam and I sent them away.”
I had no sooner said the words when I found myself in a playground standing in front of a sand pit. There was nobody around.
Squeezing his shoulders, I take off for the exit hoping Jimmy is just taking some air and hasn’t completely disappeared on me.
The sound of the screen door opening had us both turning back to the house and the familiar and welcoming voice of Sonny, “D-Dawg, you made it”.
“Oh boy” I heard Rowena say
An hour after breakfast, after asking Michael not to mention anything about monsters to the boys, which he promised he wouldn’t, Cas and I take Michael into the office while Sam and Eileen keep Keith, Nicholas, and Joseph occupied.
I’m standing outside Jacks bedroom door feeling like crap. I know we have hurt him but I’m starting to think there is something else going on with him.
“Ok Dean. I’ll be good.” Jody replied “I’ll head up to the cabin, turn on heat and water. I’ll also get some supplies in”
Cas squeezed me even tighter and then let go. He looked up at me with distinctly watery eyes and said “Thank you Sam”
Cas looked up at me with blown pupils, and with his mouth still around my cock, he shook his head at me.
My breath catches in my throat at that.
Pushing me towards the door, “Yes, absolutely, you go…get supplies…get lots of supplies, I’ll be fine”.
On Cas’s head was a bright pink beany that had no right looking that nice on a 6-foot former angel of the Lord.
Siobhan came up beside me. “You speak, Jack” she said
“I think we should sleep in my room. But we will need a new bed. I’ll buy one tomorrow. A king size bed. And you both keep your rooms for hanging out in. Cas doesn’t sleep and you can keep your bachelor pad for watching telly.”
Finally, Sam comes out onto the porch doing an ok version of a smile, “Ok, we are all good, No bears anywhere.”
Cas laughed “C’mon my friend. Let’s go for a drive”
Dean and Siobhan looked at me expectantly, but I told them to go on. I wanted to speak with Jack. They both kissed me goodnight and they too left.
Sitting down on the bed beside him, I hitched one leg up so I could turn towards him, “I don’t want it to be another six months before I see you again Cas. But if you have your heart set on staying here and helping Sam, then I guess I can live with it”.
SIOBHAN
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He then paused and looked at me saying quietly “The end is coming, and I will kiss and hug my family every chance I get. I’m sorry if you have a problem with that. But tough, get used to it” he said smiling at me
“Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. Do you have a minute? I wanted to talk about what you said yesterday about moving in with you.”
“Not exactly.” He then made a call to Jody Mills.
Cas met his eyes with a knowing glance. “I think you know the answer to that.” They will abort the pregnancy.
Jody frowned. “Flu? Alex says it’s been going around like crazy at the hospital.”
Becky remained silent as she tried to find the right words. “Sam,” she breathed. “That sounds amazing, but do you mind if I take a few days to think about it?” As much as she wanted to scream, yes, she needed to figure out if this would be good for her.
“Hold on there, Romeo. See I heard you when you said you and Becky went to dinner, but that was more than just dinner wasn’t it?”
Sam didn’t wait for a response from Dean, but instead ran out the door, locking the door behind him.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Is he?” Sam and Dean watched Gabriel get stabbed by the alternate version of Michael in the world where the Winchesters didn’t exist. Dean always doubted when Gabriel died. Without fail, every time he seemed dead, he would pop up a few years later. Perks of posing as a Trickster. But Sam seemed to think that he was gone for good this time. “Gabriel is like a cockroach. He comes back to life more than we would like. Plus, we could use some power on our side, and what says power than an archangel?” Dean presented.
She playfully hit his arm. “I knew you couldn’t have been so cool about this! You’re just as freaked out as I am!”
Sam, Dean, and Cas weren’t sure where Gabriel was going with this.
Sun peeked through the blinds in the guest room right into Dean’s eyes. He rolled over trying to avoid it, but his bladder became persistent. His baby was using it as a punching bag. He pushed himself out of bed and let his feet dangle over the side for a moment. Yesterday felt like a horrible nightmare. In the abandoned wing of that hospital he had to come to terms that he had a high-risk pregnancy for a multitude of reasons; his high blood pressure/cholesterol and dick angels that want his kid dead.
Dean fled to the kitchen to grab some bleach and began to clean the bathroom floor. Once all of the dried blood was off the floor, he continued his search. In a duffle bag he threw in the toothbrush, shampoo and conditioner, a robe that he saw hanging on the back of the bathroom door and a brush. Before he left the bathroom, he opened the cabinet mirror where he saw an array of medications. Most of which he did not recognize. He Googled some of the names and most were anxiety medications. This eased him a bit.
“You’d make such a great father,” she said almost dreamily. She pulled back and made a note that this was her last drink.
“Fine. I’ll stay here,” Dean said.
“Right,” she said before taking a swig of her coffee. It was starting to get cold.
Sam gave her a quick apology kiss on her lips and then put his children to bed. As soon as he got his kids into their crib, he made his way to his bedroom and plopped on his bed to take a long nap.
Dean knew this but he was terrified. He promised Sam that he would do it this weekend. He also asked him to stay go out when he did. He didn’t need an audience, and he didn’t know how it was going to go. Sam left, took the Impala to go the farmers market. Dean thought it was a weird choice, but he wasn’t going to question it.
Dean whipped around. “What? No! How do we fix this?”
“She tried committing suicide.”
Dean could see past the bullshit. “You’re exhausted,” he corrected him.
Before backing out of the driveway, Sam looked back to check on his kids who were completely ignorant of the situation. He found his lips curl into a smile while he glanced over at them. He then saw Jody run down the driveway to flag him down. Sam rolled down the window. “You okay with him staying here?” she asked.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
Becky just about fell over. It couldn’t be.
Sam nodded and allowed Dean and Cas to help him to the infirmary room. On the way there they had to stop while Sam was rocked with a contraction. Based on Cas’ watch, his contractions were now 5 minutes apart. During the contraction Sam clutched Dean’s hand with a death grip, digging his nails into his palm. Dean gritted, trying his best not to yelp in pain.
Sam sighed, and muttered “Whatever.” And got up from table to take his beer to go.
Cas winced as he put his hand to his temple. It was angel radio. “They’re afraid,” he told them.
She huffed a laugh. “I didn’t do it. That’s why I’m in the hospital.”
“Thank God,” he breathed a sigh of relief. “Can I see him?”
When Sam got back Dean was sitting on the edge of the bed in his bra and underwear nursing his hangover. “Morning,” Sam said, a little uncomfortable at seeing his brother wearing a bra.
The rest of dinner went well. She ended up taking his advice and getting the beouf bourguignonne. They also had a very deep conversation about their future, which Becky did not expect to have. That was probably why Noah wanted to go to such a nice place. He offered to enter the next step in their relationship. They both want the same things with marriage. He even wants a large family. Again, another entry point for Becky to tell him that she had twins on the way, but it was harder than it looked. Even if she were to tell him, how would she even begin that conversation without having to convince him that magic was real? It wasn’t like ripping a band aid off. Her lie was a gauche that never stops bleeding.
Dean drunkenly searched his pockets. “Um…I know that they’re in my pockets, somewhere,” he slurred.
Becky’s heart palpitated. “You’ve been sick like this for weeks?” she questioned. “Wha-uh-what else have you’ve been feeling?”
She took a swig of her beer. “Pretty nervous, actually.” She hadn’t been on a date since she “married” Sam, but thought it was finally time to get back into it. “He said he’s ready to settle down, which is perfect because so am I.” The constant badgering of her mother rung through her head at all times. How she needed to get her nose out books and get serious about obtaining a husband and having children.
Awkward tension filled the air once again.
They set everything up in Dean’s bedroom. Sam wasn’t keen on the idea, since they were trying to keep Dean’s stress levels down, but you couldn’t argue with a pregnant Dean. He had some choice words for Gabriel that he needed to deliver.
Sam made it home in record time. When he arrived at the bunker the twins were fast asleep. He gently raised them from their car seats and carried them inside the bunker. It was mid-afternoon when he arrived, so they were right on schedule for their nap. As he entered the bunker he was hit with a delicious scent of tomatoes and basil. Becky was making her famous tomato bisque. Something Sam constantly craved.
“If this is real, and not a clever invention,” Cas begins. Dean rolls his eyes, “then I suspect it will not be so simple as my grace settling into the necessary form. It will likely…” he purses his lips, pondering. Dean knows that look. God, he’s missed that look. “I suspect it will struggle, that it will see you as a snare it must be freed from and the binding necessary to pass through the rift as an imminent threat. It may take any number of forms, without my intent.” A small crease of worry appears between his brows. “If you are real. It may hurt you.”
He clears his throat, and Cas. Cas
) to reel him in, and his other arm wraps around Dean’s waist. Quick, sure movements that Dean doesn’t know how to respond to or counter. Where the fuck do you put your hands when you hug someone? His stay at his sides for a beat before he forces them to unclench and slowly wraps his arms around Cas’ back. He’s so busy telling himself
Cas has been here a month.
to you, and I thought I had time—there was supposed to be
no other solution. That it was this or nothing, that all Dean could do was find Cas and let him make his choice.
He’s not afraid to run through the Empty shouting his head off if he has to, but that’s a last ditch option. Best-case scenario he gets Cas to come to him, so he doesn’t have to leave the rift behind for them to hunt down again later. So he clenches his hands tight, and he takes a deep breath, and he prays.
Dean still has nightmares about Hell, sometimes, but if they’d chucked him in here instead, he’d have probably broken a damn sight sooner. There’s just—nothingness. An inky void and true silence, not even the press of awareness of the moving air that comes in an empty room. He’s been here all of ten seconds and he feels like he’s losing his damn mind.
“Yes,” Cas says, and Dean’s gut unclenches. “But what did you do? How did you get there? What did you trade?”
, who feels like coming home.
It doesn’t stop him from gagging at the smell of his own burnt flesh, but that’s its own kind of familiar. His soul has withstood worse before, when the cause was worthy, and it’s worthy as hell now—no pun intended, hah. For a few long breaths his whole world narrows to the crackling of flame, the blistering of skin, the stretch of the rack and Alistair’s laughter, or perhaps the weight of his most important person in his arms as he runs as quickly as his small legs can carry him away from the only home he’s ever known—
“Then hold me fast, and fear me not,” Cas says solemnly, and reaches for Dean.
Cas, bless him, stops his fool mouth with a kiss.
Sam teetered on his toes. “I would really love the company. Dean’s no good because all he wants is junk food. I need someone who will want to buy the good stuff,” he joked. Although, Becky didn’t find it too funny. She just continued to do her laundry. “Is everything okay?” he asked her.
Dean touched the hand on his shoulder. “Cas, I can take care of myself.”
Sam finished up the hunt after 2 days and raced by Jody’s as quick as he could. He wanted to spend time with his brother to help him as best as he could. When he picked Dean up, he was in better spirits than when he left him, which he thanked Jody for. Before he left, Jody pulled him aside and told Sam to give Dean time and to be ready to listen. Sam didn’t understand her completely but she took her advice and got Dean home.
familiar voice say. His eyes got wide. He then touched the phone screen and it had a smiling blonde hugging a group of friends. “Becky?” he whispered to himself. He turned around and it was Becky Rosen, who looked just as surprised as Sam. Her surprised expression quickly turned into excitement. “Sam?! Oh my God!!!” She restrained herself from giving him a hug.
“Why isn’t he at a hospital?” she asked frantically.
It’s not as if Becky hasn’t thought about this, she just didn’t like to think about it. She had no idea how she was going to explain her entire life to him. “I’ll figure that out when it comes to it.”
Dean picked up on Sam’s attitude, but instead of giving it right back he put himself in his brothers’ shoes. “Yeah, I know it sucks. You deserve to share your child with someone you love.”
They all politely left the hospital room. Sam took a seat on the hospital bed. “What happened today?” Sam asked. Dean didn’t respond and instead looked at his hands. Sam gently touched his leg. “Come on man, talk to me,” he tried again. “Claire told me that you talked to an angel today. What did they say?”
Castiel rubbed his back. “I’m sure that it does. Women tend to hate this part.”
Dean didn’t waste any time. He clenched and continued pushing until the baby slipped into Sam’s hand. “She’s here Dean! You did it.”
“Dean’s in labor.” Sam got up and went into the war room where Cas remained on top of the table, bleeding from his wound.
Sam and Jody waited in the living room as Dean took the test. “So, you want to tell me what’s really going on?” she asked Sam who was pacing back and forth.
Sam looked over to Becky who had her hands covering her mouth. “Oh my God,” she said, but it was a little muffled. “I can’t believe this.” She didn’t think her little spell would produce twins.
Becky hadn’t been to therapy in months. Maybe if she had then she wouldn’t have done what she did. So, she thought that was a fair compromise. “Agreed.”
Sam hoped that this was a fluke, a one-time thing, but his nausea, dizziness and headaches continued for weeks.
He then noticed her wrists were bandaged up with gauze. “Why did you do it?”
“I’m grabbing a pregnancy test.” He said. He went into their bathroom and into the bottom cabinet underneath the sink.
“And it is for me?” Dean was going to respond but Cas barreled through. “I’m supposed to be an angel and we’re not supposed to have feelings of any kind, let alone romantic ones. I’m the one with something to lose if Heaven were to find out.”
“Is he okay?” Cas asked.
“Becky’s got him. He needed a little more help getting ready this morning,” Sam said as he watched his daughter finish her bottle.
One of the witches stood up and Dean closed in on her. “Hey, don’t get stupid!” Dean warned her.
And a miracle it was. Eventually, Becky came out with Ethan and got the twins dressed in super cute Thanksgiving outfits. It was their first holiday and she wanted to start a tradition while they were young to have them wear cute matching themed outfits. Charlotte wore a cute cream-colored dress with turkeys and gourds on them and Ethan wore the same pattern but in a onesie. Dean had more basting to do and then just take the rest of the sides out of the oven. Most were finished cooking; they were just warming in the oven. With Cas still, MIA Sam helped Dean get the food on the table and Becky even made the salad, which Dean found pointless. “Who eats salad on Thanksgiving?” he kept asking her. Regardless she was determined to have some kind of green on the table and made a killer cranberry-almond salad.
“I expect you to respond and not leave me in the dust for 2 years! I didn’t even know you stopped hunting. And then by some miracle of God you pray to me. Not because you want to talk, but because Sam is pregnant and is having a miscarriage. You called me because you needed me and like a good soldier, I came. But I don’t want to be a solider anymore. I want to be with you, Dean.” Cas told him, earnestly.
After he finished his 5th beer he stumbled into the kitchen to polish off the 6 -pack when Cas walked in, looking disappointed. “Didn’t you just buy that 6-pack yesterday?” he questioned.
Sam had his eyes shut as he breathed deeply through the contraction. He let out a low moan as it was getting stronger. Becky stared at him in horror, not sure what she should do to help. She went to rub his back when Cas and Dean yelled, “Don’t touch him!” startled, she jumped back.
“This is stupid,” Sam said aloud to himself. After he stopped hunting, he swore his brain would make anything up that gave him the excuse to get back into the life. He was probably seeing things. He shook it off and got into his car.
After Sam got Dean into the car, he carefully got his twins strapped into their car seats. Only waking for a moment but soon fell back asleep once the car got moving. It was going to be a long 5 hours’ drive to get to Sioux Falls so Sam waited for their first bathroom break to call Becky on the whereabouts of their children.
“What are you waiting for?” Dean opened his mouth to protest but Sam kept going. “I know you said you wanted to wait until you and Cas were ready, but I think that you are ready. I see the way you are with Charlotte and Ethan and I think you’re totally ready. You guys would make excellent parents,” Sam said being absolutely genuine.
“All right, you gotta level with me. What the hell is going on?” Dean sat on the corner of his desk waiting for an explanation.
She nodded.
“Just, let’s be careful, okay?” Sam pleaded with him. Dean didn’t answer and instead blew past him and headed for the door. “Cool…good talk.”
Becky giggled and then her giggle turned into a full out laughing fit. Dean couldn’t help himself and laughed with her. “You’re right. You are going through a lot.”
“Yes, you can. If you can get one out, then you can get the other out,” Becky said.
After a while, Cas began to get anxious. He needed to speak with Dean. He paced back and forth passing Dean’s door each time. He couldn’t think of a good way to open the conversation. No matter what he said, Dean was going to be angry. But he still didn’t understand why. He thought that he did everything correctly. Eventually, Cas got the courage and barged into Dean’s bedroom.
“It’s been 2 years. I’d like for us to catch up. Maybe explain to me how Sam got pregnant in the first place? I-uh-I missed you Dean,” Cas said sheepishly.
Sam followed his brother into the kitchen. “Where’s Cas?”
Sam wasn’t entirely paying attention. He was too focused on getting Ethan to stop grabbing at his long hair. “What? What is it?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know…I was thinking that maybe this room would make a nice nursery.”
“I think something happened on her date.”
He didn’t bother to struggle. “Where are you taking me?” he asked as he was being whisked away, passing numerous vacant rooms until she stopped at a door with a black small black Impala painted on the door. He turned to her and she had a coy smile staring back at him, that she tried to hide. “What is this?”
“Yeah, if you can’t talk to them then I will, but I gotta warn you, that’s a path you don’t want to go down,” he threatened. “All of the angels think I’m dead. So, if I miraculously were to pop up in Heaven barking orders, who do you think they’ll listen to? The only archangel that is alive or God 2.0?”
He took a seat in the chair he was sitting in earlier and took a breath. “After we left your house to go on that hunt, Dean found some guy at a bar and hooked up with him. He got pregnant and right when we found out Rowena was able to change him back. So we thought that the pregnancy was over once that happened but maybe, not anymore.”
Then it dawned on Sam. He shot up from his seat and looked at Dean. “Dean, can I talk to you for a second in private?” he forcefully pulled Dean from the couch and into the kitchen. “I think you’re still pregnant,” Sam whispered to Dean, his eyes wide and crazed from his realization.
He then made his way into her bedroom, which was a little less untidy than the rest of the apartment. There were some clothes thrown about. Her bed was unmade. I guess if you were about to kill yourself, there is no point in having a super clean bedroom. He grabbed a bunch of her clothes and threw them in the duffle. He wasn’t sure what was clean or dirty, but he thought she could sort that out when he got back. He then began looking for some of the books that she requested. He found a few on her nightstand as well a journal. Without hesitation Dean opened it to the most recent entry. It was written a few weeks before she committed suicide.
“You’re humming. You never hum. So, either you got laid last night or you won the power ball.” Sam took a seat at the table. “So, which one is it?”
“Dean, I’m just trying to help.”
Dean rolled his eyes, mostly because it was true.
Sam smiled at his brother. “Hey! I’m making your favorite for dinner. Extra bacon, right?” he said extremely cheerful. It sounded more fake than genuine, which Dean picked up on.
“Turn them over,” he said, before taking a sip of his coffee. Cas joined him on the couch, wrapping his arm around Dean’s waist.
“Oh, not sure.”
Castiel looked at Sam for confirmation and Sam nodded. “It’s really him, Cas.”
“I think they’re about to. I’ll call you later.”
Sam raised his eyebrows. “Really? With who?” he said, sounding intrigued.
“Does this mean we’re off the hook?” Dean asked.
“What’s the big deal? You’ll probably never see those people again. I thought you would want this?”
“Would this person be the father of your baby?” she pried. Dean looked away without an answer. “Look, you don’t have to tell me who it is or anything, but whoever it is has a right to know before you go off and do something stupid.”
“I can try, but you’re going to need to wait outside,” he told him.
Cas took Dean’s hands in his. “Maybe we wait till after Thanksgiving. That way you can keep your mind focused on one thing,” Castiel suggested, caressing Dean’s check.
“Meaning?”
“Well I think I’m gonna head to bed,” Becky told the boys. “Thanks again, Dean,” she said as she crossed the room to her bedroom.
“Yup. With bacon. Also picked you up some of these.” He showed Dean a box of tampons. “Thought you may be needed them soon.”
“Cas?” Sam was very confused. He never thought Dean would call Cas for anything after everything that happened. “Cas was here?”
Becky embarrassedly chucked. “Right…”
Dean and Cas exchanged the same worried glance. Cas opened his mouth to come up with an excuse but Dean beat him to the punch. “I’m hungover, so I’m feeling pretty sluggish today. Cas offered to step in to help.”
Dean took a bite of his dry, wheat toast and then promptly dropped it on his plate with disgust.  He wasn’t sure how much more of this he could take.
“Just over 4 weeks. We thought it would be a nice Christmas surprise,” Dean said.
Dean admired his nephew sleeping in his brothers’ arms. For now, he was safe and clueless of the scary supernatural world that lay beyond these walls. But eventually, it’ll catch up with him. Just like it caught up with Dean and Sam at young ages. “How could you say that? First of all, I’m engaged to an angel and pregnant with a Nephilim,” he said putting a hand to his stomach. “Second, you live in a bunker where we have a wall-to-wall library filled with old-ass books on supernatural creatures. And third, you gave birth to your children! I don’t know what fantasy world you think you’re living in but I highly suggest you come back to reality,” he exclaimed quietly.
Sam scoffed. “Yes, you do realize woman hunt. You know? Like Jody, Donna, Eileen…”
“Oh, my husband loves to vacation here. Something about small towns... he says it’s comforting watching the working class really work,” and for whatever reason chuckled at her statement. As if it was a sick inside joke between them. “So where is that tall good-looking husband of yours. Don’t tell me you guys aren’t together anymore. You know it was a shame everybody couldn’t meet him at the reunion. I would’ve thought you would want to show off a guy like that, unless… he had to leave ‘unexpectedly’,” she said not so subtly. She then took a half step closer to Becky and lowered her voice. “You know, it’s okay if you hired him. Nobody expected you to show up with a guy like that.”
As he walked down the metal stairs, deeper into the bunker, Becky met him with a concerned gaze at the bottom of the stairs. She lightly touched his face where the bruise on his nose and under his eye had grown larger and darker. “What the hell happened?”
Sam was sure that he would too. Dean was stressed and some time out in the suburbs of Sioux Falls would do him some good.
“Yeah,” Sam breathed.
Dean grabbed some sweatpants that he had strewn across his bed and put those on. On the way to Jody’s they stopped at a Goodwill where Dean picked up pants that were a size up than his normal, which seemed to do the trick. It was about a 2-hour trip to Sioux Falls and Sam took the time to think about Dean’s strange behavior in the past few months. First it was the nausea and the headaches and now he was gaining weight. The weight gain in particular didn’t make a whole lot of sense since Sam was aware that Dean was still getting sick most days. He continued to brush it off and hope it was some kind of strange bug working through his brother.
Becky adjusted her bag on her shoulder. “Well, it smells great in here. Can’t wait for that mac and cheese tomorrow,” she said eyeing the glass pan that Cas was now sprinkling with homemade breadcrumbs. “I’m off to work, I’ll see you guys later.”
“Do you have happen to have one answer?” she asked, hopeful.
The faint beeping of a heart monitor was heard as Dean came to. He found himself in a hospital bed, strapped to a million wires and dressed in a blue hospital gown. He looked to his side and saw Sam sleeping on the chair next to him. When he turned in the other direction, he saw Alex looking over the machines, keeping an eye on his vitals. “Hey,” he rasped. “What’s going on?”
“If they’re sensing the baby this strongly, then you know what this means right?”
Gabriel narrowed his eyes. “Cute.”
“So?” Becky asked. “What is it?”
Becky and Sam enjoyed being new parents. They soon got in a rhythm with their kids, since they were on opposite sleeping schedules. They also got around to naming their kids. Sam named his son and Becky named her daughter. Charlotte and Ethan Winchester. Becky decided it would be a good idea if her kids had the Winchester last name. It was a strong name that many respected and feared.
Dean smiled at him. He was happy and relieved to see his friend. “Cas, we need your help.”
Dean was on the other side of his brother. He grabbed Sam’s leg and Becky grabbed the other. “You got this, Sammy!” Dean encouraged.
Sam sighed. “Yeah, maybe.” He uncomfortably shifted on the bed. He placed his hand on the curved on his stomach. “I think after the babies come, it’s time to find a place of my own.”
Sam forcibly moved him out his way. “I’m pregnant,” he said solemnly as he walked away. Dean followed his brother to his bedroom. He plopped on his bed in defeat. “What am I supposed to do?”
be happy. He wanted to be happy. But there was a void that wasn’t yet filled.
Jody and Sam had retreated back to the kitchen. They were low on ammo. They took shelter behind the island as they shot at the angels. “I have maybe 10 bullets left,” Jody said to Sam. He had about the same. “We need another plan of action.”
Not to mention, Dean found himself in a horrible depression. Worse than when Castiel was stuck in Heaven’s jail. He rarely left his room (mostly because he wanted to avoid Castiel and he was still on strict bed rest) and he didn’t know why. He
Without even needing to look up, he said “You always could handle your balls, Cas.” It was met by a laugh as Cas climbed down and swung low from a branch. As he hung, he kissed Dean.
The thing was, though… nothing excited him anymore, which is why he found himself on the corner of 2
Once in his car and at a stoplight, he chugged a bottle of water that he found on the floor. Sammy must have left it there the other day, that health freak.
Cas fought to keep his blush under control, knowing there were more important matters at hand. This was not a time for embarrassment, especially while naked in front of The Dean Winchester – rumored sex god.
Meanwhile, Dean was trying – and failing – to not be aroused by the sight in front of him. He opted for humor: “Twerk it, don’t jerk it, let me see you work it,” he sang. Cas was not amused, though.
By the time Dean tracked down his brother and boyfriend, a small group of children had formed a circle around the two of them. Cas attracted children like flies were to honey. And that’s what kids were: measly gnats that kept pestering you. They always had sticky fingers, too! From what, exactly? The ice cream truck only came once a day (Dean knew this from personal experience – it was 3pm if anyone cared to ask).
- - -
He moves his mouth down over Cas’ clavicle, dipping his tongue in it and feeling Cas shiver.
When Mama finally came out, I gave her the sandwich. She started crying again. I thought it would make her happy, not sad. She scooped me up in her arms and we sat in the big rocking chair in Sammy’s nursery. She ended up singing to me after all. I loved her voice. She always told me how angels were watching over me, but I think she was one already.
“Yeah, but don’t think of it as a bad thing. In fact, don’t ever change, Cas.”
Cas bent his head towards the other boy’s neck, caressing it with his hot breath. A centimeter more and they would be touching.
As he came back out, his friend offered to help put on his blazer. “Here, let me.”
“Dean, those are astronauts – not astronomers!” Cas laughed.
Dean shot him a wink and then decided to head to the bathroom – his body demanding a much-less sexy type of release. He had just opened the front of his jeans when he found himself pinned against the wall with his hands above his head.
“Yes,
The other man tilted his head and stared at Dean. Leaning forward, he whispered: “Come find me at the end of the night if there aren’t any other takers.”
They raced each other down the stairs, which probably wasn’t the best idea. By the time they reached Sam, both boys were red in the face and breathing heavily.
“I could have helped with that.”
“What’s more special or intimate than doing it with your best friend?”
And puppy dogs,
Deciding that he’d call Balthazar later for a booty call, Cas grabbed himself another drink.
“I thought you were a monkey.”
“No!” Dean yelled a bit too enthusiastically, thereby making up his mind. “I want this.”
“I’ve tried everything. Do you – would you consider – couldyoucomeoverandhelpmeout?” Cas asked in a rush.
“Well, then… you know the rules,” she said. “You get pinched! Now, me being the selfless person I am, I choose to give that priceless opportunity to your boyfriend here. I’m sure he (
The man looked – Meg, was it? – in the eye and raised one brow. “Did you not hear me? Leave.”
Cas had heard and used that line enough times that he knew it wasn’t true. The best outcome would be if Dean forgot Cas existed and moved on.
Cas unzips his pants, releasing his dick into the morning air. He moves Dean’s hand from his hip and wraps it around his dick, putting his hand on top of Dean’s. Oh, how he has dreamt about Dean’s touch since that night a few days ago. He revels in this moment, unsure if he will ever get it again. He slightly worries if this behavior is nonconsentual, but as soon as he hears Dean groan “Casss,” his fears vanish. At least in some corner of Dean’s mind, he wants a part of this. Perhaps he is dreaming of Cas right now, but that might just be wishful thinking.
“Hey, I’m smart!” came Sam’s retort.
“Yeah, but I want to go home. I lost my sister.”
Dean’s own cock grows heavy, and he knows that they’re both ready. As he opens the condom, Cas grasps his wrist. Looking at his lover, he shakes his head.
“Cas, I’d like to introduce you to Benny. You remember that summer when we were kids and I went to football camp and you went to science camp?”
“Power’s out… again,” Cas said as he attempted to plug his phone into the wall charger. There had been three separate times in the past week alone that this had happened because of the heat. Dean majored in engineering so he knew the specifics of what and why and how, but none of that knowledge would fix the fact that their dorm was currently without air-conditioning. It was stifling, and Cas wished he could peel his skin off just so he’d have one less layer to deal with.
“Who knows what the future will bring.”
“Hey, Cas! Buddy, it’s time to wake up. We’re here.”
“Dean.”
Cas turned back towards Sam and kicked his shin under the table.
- - -
“Mmm,” comes the response.
“You planning to make good on that promise later? Or am I going to have to bring out the handcuffs?” he said to the man.
“Ah, yes. Have you not tired of him yet? I must admit, he’s not the sharpest tool in the shed, but he is obedient and gullible. I’m sure in a few weeks’ time, he’ll be a distant memory for you. The kind thing to do would be to let him go. Don’t break his heart.”
“Okay, enough chit-chat. Mr. Thunder-Thighs, you need to sit in the back seat and hold the bucket of water balloons between your legs. Make sure it doesn’t splash all over.”
“Oh, you have no idea!” Cas exclaimed. “There will be pinching and biting and sucking and licking. I even bought glow-in-the-dark edible green paint!”
Sam cupped a hand around his ear. “Excuse me? Couldn’t quite hear that, Dean. Say it again?”
“Um, sure.”
I know a cold black cloud is coming down, with demons descending upon us. They’re looking for me, Mama, and I don’t know what to do.
The man leaned in close and purred: “You say ‘I hate you,’ but all I hear is ‘fuck me.’”
“How do you want me?” he breathes out.
“Besides,” the guy in front of him drawled, an evil smirk playing across his face. “Your mouth is better suited for other things.”
Dean held Cas’ feet as if they were precious, because they were. These feet had carried him through life’s challenges up until this very moment.  He kissed the dent below Cas’ left big toe, where he had dropped a pair of scissors that stabbed him when he was 10 years old and barefoot. Dean ran his fingers lightly over the scar where Cas had tried to sever his Achille’s tendon – and fortunately failed. Knowing it was the most ticklish area on his body, he licked his way up Cas’ calf. Over the past few years, Cas’ thighs had become more muscled thanks to his daily running, which Dean now was able to see and appreciate up close. He kissed both of his inner thighs before moving to Cas’ right hipbone. Dean dipped his tongue in the sharp divot, making the boy underneath him gasp. He tongued his way from the top of the hip down to where the natural V shape ended. His nose led him the rest of the way. Completely lost in Cas’ musky scent, Dean blindly mouthed around his pubic hair until he found Cas’ balls. Dean softly nibbled the skin there, drawing sounds from his friend that he’d be more than happy to hear again. Dean sucked a ball in his mouth while fondling the other, enjoying how it stretched and moved. Feeling his own orgasm approach, Dean had to sadly move on.
After a few moments of general confusion, Dean is at a loss for what to do next.
“Ugh! I can’t stand it, being this sweaty. I’m so sticky, it’s like my pants are permanently glued to my legs. Get them off, get them off,” he said more to himself than anyone in particular. He thrashed around the bed, lifting his hips up this way and that, trying to pull them down. Nothing was working.
underwear – panties or otherwise.”
Sam beamed at him, pulling Cas up into a hug.
“Good, now take the foil and cover the turkey and then put it in the fridge,” Dean told him.
Dean jumped to the fridge and saw the glistening apple pie in the tin. He picked up a fork and joined his brother at the table. “Nice!” Dean took his first bite and moaned in ecstasy. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier you bought me pie?”
They got to the scene of the crime and just the like the previous towns the victims died with their throat slit open. According to the coroner two women were seen stealing herbs and when the shop owner confronted them, they slashed her throat. But someone did see them head west of town in a blue Toyota.
She brought Dean in for a hug. He looked so lost. “It’s going to be okay,” she comforted him. “It’ll be alright.”
Dean put his hand up, cutting his brother off. “Forget it,” he then took a cleansing breath. “It’s fine.
Sam spoke up. “Yeah, Jack you were dangerous but with our guidance-,”
“When will you get it through your thick skull that Becky loves you, even though you don’t love her back. And you keep giving her an inch, which is just going to mess her up even more.”
Sam was ready to go when he went to check on Dean. He was in his bedroom struggling to get his jeans on. They were not closing. “What are you doing, we we’re supposed to be on the road 15 minutes ago. What are you doing?”
Dean closely watched Sam storm out of the nursery.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Is she hot? Does she have a friend?” he now had a suggestive grin across his face.
Dean found a plastic fork in the bag to begin devouring the slice of pie. He moaned in ecstasy after taking his first bite. “So, good…”
“You are so worried that I’m the one that’s going to send Becky over the edge when it’s really going to be you.”
Sam sighed and said, “This is Dean. A witch turned him into a woman and we need you to fix it. That’s why we’ve been calling.”
“That girl you met at the gym? What happened?”
The bartender gave Castiel the beer he ordered. “You sure? I know that you’ve been going through a hard time lately.”
“I guess the test was positive,” Jody said to Sam.
While Cas was inside of him, Dean stroked his cock, trying his best to time the release. He could hear the quickening of Cas’ breath and the rapid moaning, which was a telltale sign that he was about to finish. Dean stroked his penis faster, feeling his precum lubing his shaft. Cas moaned loudly in Dean’s ear as he climaxed inside of him. Dean finished as well seconds after Cas.
Dean was going to rebuttal but the words got stuck in his throat as another wave stabbed his stomach. He sucked in a harsh breath as he tried to breathe through it. He put a hand on his stomach and prayed that his little one was doing okay and would make it. He closed his eyes and prayed. And as he prayed, he thought about Castiel. He could’ve sworn that he was seeing him. He felt so close, yet so far at the same time. He could see Cas standing before him, touching his stomach, telling him that everything was going to be okay. Wiping Dean’s tears away and assuring him that their baby would live a long and fruitful life.
Sam was having a hard time wrapping his brain around everything. “Have you and Cas had this secret relationship that I never knew about or...?”
“You’re right, she could be. But the test won’t.”
Sam lowered his voice, to be sure that Cas didn’t hear him. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’ll try,” he mumbled. “I’ll call you when we get there,” he told her.
Jack didn’t speak, he was still weighing Gabriel’s words. Dean didn’t want there to be too much silence for Jack to think about it so he spoke. “Listen, Jack,” he began as he sat up in his bed. “I won’t lie to you, this pregnancy has not been easy for me or--,” he looks at Cas and the swallows. “—or the rest of us, but I’ll be damned if I’m not going to meet my baby. Think of Kelly.” That certainly got Jack’s attention. “All Kelly wanted was a chance to meet you and hold you and raise you. That’s all I want too.” Dean could tell he was getting to him.
“How did you think it would happen?”
Jody waved a hand in front of Dean’s face. He had zoned out for a while. “Hello? You okay in there?”
“Uh, Dean I was joking,” she said with panic rising in her voice. “Alex and Jody said that you are on strict bed rest.”
then will I intervene,” Gabriel made very clear.
“Yes. He’s just resting now,” Castiel said. “The baby’s heart-rate is a lot stronger than it was. He was having a miscarriage. Luckily, I was able to save it.”
“Well for starters, are you guys still together? I know you guys chatted and it got pretty heated, so…,” Sam trailed.
“Yes, so will you let Cas check you now? Who knows how many centimeters you’re dilated at this point?”
Sam immediately brought his big brother in for a hug. “I’m so happy for you, Dean!”
“I’m sure he’ll come around,” she offered.
Dean stopped him. “Uhh, Cas you don’t have leave. Do you mind if you stay? You know, just in case Sam has anymore issues.”
Dean could see that Sam was bracing himself for bad news. “Your baby is fine. Cas was able to save it in time.”
Sam the see’s Dean walk in wearing his long dark grey robe. He always cringed when he saw his brother wearing a dead man’s robe. “What won’t we let get out?” he asked, just hearing the tail end of their conversation.
“I am,” Becky told him. She could have sworn she saw him blush too.
“How much time?” Dead had a slight quiver in his voice.
Sam was in no mood to be playing games. Where Becky was, there was trouble. “No. What are you doing
Cas had a comforting hand patting his back as he dry heaved into the bowl. “Kill me now, Cas. Just kill me.”
Sam let out an annoyed huff at his brother and shook his head. “Whatever.” Suddenly, Sam’s daughter, Charlotte, begun to writhe in his large arms, on the verge of a meltdown. Sam awkwardly tried to aide her but it was difficult with Ethan resting in his other arm.
“If I can recall, I sacrificed myself in that Bizzaro world universe for you and your brother. The favor has been returned. Do
“What time did you go to bed last night?”
Cas gave him one last kiss before he made Dean’s cereal.
Jack thought about it for a moment. Gabriel was right. If he showed up the angels would no longer respect Jack. There were already plenty of angels who dissected every one of his moves as it was.
Sam entered his bedroom and then closed the door to give them some privacy. “Hey, can we talk?” he asked.
in heaven. Whatever that meant. He tried everything to get a hold of him but Cas wasn’t answering, causing Dean to have daily panic attacks.
Castiel could fall over, he was such a bottle of nerves. When he entered the bunker, Dean beamed.  “Took you long enough! Did you get the pie?” he asked eagerly. Dean was in the was in the war room when he grabbed the bag and frantically searched for the pie. He yelped with joy when he saw the plastic container which consisted of one rather large slice of apple pie. “Ugh, you have no idea how badly I’ve been craving this.”
“Yeah, I was looking at the monitor and they were ready to attack again until they all disappeared,” she explained.
With ease, Sam picked up his brother—or sister… and put him in the car. It was a 4-hour car ride to the bunker and Dean never woke. He took his pulse regularly throughout the trip and he was definitely breathing, just asleep. When they got to the bunker, he carried him into his bedroom.
Sam looked at his watch. Since he ended his class so early, his next class wouldn’t be for another half hour. “Yeah, I do. I need to cancel it.”
Sam agreed. “He’s right. We can’t run, not while he’s in labor. We’re safer on our own turf. We’ll regroup in case they come back.”
“Yeah, I believe with Becky,” Jody added.
Dean broke his gaze from his pie to give him his full attention. Cas explained to the boys running into the angel Ruth and what he had to tell her. Dean almost lost his appetite. Almost.
“Dinner?” she repeated, almost nervously. “You want to have dinner with me?” she asked skeptically.
He eyed it with disgust but mostly disappointment. “This is what Sam eats and I find it repulsive.”
She nodded. “Okay. Stay safe,” she said to him before disappearing.
“We need to find Rowena, now.”
Dean sat up in bed and his demeanor changed from relaxed to tense. “The last time you told me that you said that an angel found out about my pregnancy. What now?”
“Do you want me to stay for a bit? I can.”
Sam had his hand on the handle to his car. He heard the desperation in her voice. “Please,” she said. “I don’t expect you to forgive me, but please just hear me out. Give me 5 minutes.”
And with that she reminded Sam to get some sleep as she left the infirmary.
Dean then glided his way to Castiel and gave him a sultry kiss, mindful of the baby in-between them. “Plus, now we can really enjoy the baby making process.”
Sam laughed. “Of course, you will Dean. You’re a girl. Most woman have periods. Wait…it’s been over a month since that witch turned you and you haven’t had your period yet?”
When they returned Alex was ready with the blood test results. “So, I have good and news and bad news,” she told Dean.
Dean put his hands up. “Woah, you want to move out? I thought this was your home.”
Dean huffed a laugh, “Yeah, it feels good to get off my chest.” He said. Dean felt so much lighter now that he came out to his brother.
“Didn’t think you noticed that kind of stuff.”
It was as good any as any other room that the bunker had to offer. It was spacious with plenty of room to put a crib and changing table. “Yeah, I guess I could see it,” Dean mused.
‘It’s harmless and she’s different’ Sam told himself. There is no harm in this. He repeated this sentiment as he went to bed.
Something in Dean’s eyes read that he was very annoyed once Sam brought up Cas. “Heaven, I guess,” he said dismissively.
After she finished her make-up, she left the bunker to go on her date. Dean found Sam in the nursery, hunched over the crib. At first, he thought his brother was checking to make sure everything was ready for the babies, but soon realized that he was white knuckling the crib. Dean ran over to his brother and placed a hand on his back. He could feel his brother tensing. “Are you sure these are Braxton Hicks contractions? Couldn’t these be the real thing?”
Becky got up from the floor and picked up Charlotte. “Well colored us surprised!”
Cas averted Sam’s gaze. “The trial is still a concern. The vote will take place in 48 hours. That’s why I begged Jack to clip my wings. If things don’t go well, I’ll at least be able to spend some time with Dean and the baby.”
Dean turned around to kiss him. “I love you too, Cas,” Dean replied. “That’s one way to begin a fresh start,” he chuckled.
Castiel surrendered his hands. “I promise. It’s your show, I’m just the puppet.” Cas kissed him on the forehead. Dean then texted Cas the list of ingredients that he would need to make Thanksgiving dinner. He also made sure to pick up a pregnancy test. Cas was pretty confident that Dean was pregnant too, but he needed to make sure. If he was, they were going to keep this as quiet as possible. It would be disastrous if the angels caught wind of this.
On Christmas eve, Dean made an elaborate dinner with a whole turkey and then saved the Ham for Christmas dinner. Sam couldn’t believe that this was his family. Everyone was so happy. He wouldn’t exchange this feeling for anything in the world.
“Well, right now we’re somewhere in Hastings, Nebraska.” They had pulled off at a rural gas station that was equipped with two old school pumps. They were a few hours into the trip before Dean spoke up, needing to relieve himself. Sam had been encouraging him to drink water the second they got into the car to keep him as hydrated as possible. Mixing that with the fact that the baby was lying on his bladder, it wasn’t long before Dean needed to pee. “We should get to Jody’s before sundown.”
She looked back at him. “Peace, bitch.”
“Hey everyone,” he called out to the kids in the near vicinity. “We’ve got a runner! Get him!”
Dean was the first to blink.
Dean pouted silently. He opened the screen door and looked back to Cas, as if he might change his mind.
“Mhm,” he manages to get out.
“No!” Dean screamed, sitting up. “He went through all that, and agreed to be a freaking swan, just to find out that it was all worthless? What’s the point of it all?”
Dean bit back a laugh. Now was not the time to make fun of his boyfriend. Laughs and hard-ons were not supposed to happen, he reminded himself. There was a time and place for everything! Time and place!
“That isn’t fair!”
“Be that as it may, you’re running out of options. Take me as a friend, then. I deserve being on the receiving end after all the years I’ve done this.”
“Bye,” Dean said, but his friend was already gone. Guess he’d have to find his own way home tonight.
He opened the door to his house a few minutes later. There weren’t any lights on, but he knew the interior of the house well enough to make it to his room without much effort. As he passed by the hall mirror, though, he caught sight of a neon green blur. Detouring towards the bathroom, Dean turned on the lights and touched his body where he thought he saw green. Feeling a gooey liquid, he deduced that it must be leftover lube. Dean turned off the light, and the color appeared again. Huh, Crowley was shelling out the big bucks these days for glow-in-the-dark lube!
“Yeah, of course! Duty calls. But I’m gonna hold you to that promise. And remember our LARP event next weekend.”
Cas shakes his head. “I trust you.”
“No.”
Jo sent the crying-from-laughter emoji, followed up by a
Dean wasn’t sure who said it, and in all honesty, he didn’t care.
, Dean prayed.
. That’s such a great pick-up line! Have you ever used it before? Can I steal this? Women would be putty in my hands after I dropped a bomb like that.”
“What’s wrong?”
Before he could make his way back to his friend, Dean was stopped by a brunette.
“Dream on, little broomstick cowboy,
“Did I say I was finished?”
“Oh, you mean Jack? Jack’s my pet cockatiel. I got him as a rescue when he was a baby.”
Sometimes, Cas wondered what would have happened if Dean had a friend looking out for him when he was a teenager at Truman High School. Sam was lucky enough to have that nerdy kid, yet why wasn’t Dean allowed the same luxury? He kept his distance from people, drowning his sorrows in sex and booze. Perhaps…. no. Cas couldn’t go back and do that, could he? It was dangerous, what he was considering – all in the name of helping the now-adult eldest Winchester.
“Anything for you.”
“Do we have to, Cas? I’m sorry for spoiling that big moment for you guys.”
“If I had a reason to stay, who knows what would happen?”
As soon as the words left Dean’s mouth, he instantly regretted his lame response.
“But…” Dean chews his bottom lip in thought.
“You’re the one who wears panties!”
“Well, you have to bring me with you if you ever go into space.”
Oblivion swallowed him as he gave in to the moment. Sensory overload made him black out as he pulsed over both his and Cas’ hand. He could feel his body wracking with his continued orgasm, but he was no longer in control. It took all he had to hold on to Cas as if he was his lighthouse, pulling Dean to safety.
“Oh… good. Yeah, that’s… good.”
“I thought you were bringing them!”
“No, but it will force me to slow down. I want this to be good for you too, Cas.”
Don’t tell anyone this, but I actually enjoyed Purgatory. Sure, everyone thinks that I tried to escape as soon as possible, and maybe they’re right, but until then… I had the time of my life. Fighting monsters is what I do best. I’m good at it. I always knew I would die in a fight, and Purgatory is where you go when you die. At least, it is when you’re a monster. Some might say that I belonged there, that I was no different from the things I kill.
There were many people that admired and respected Dean – some even went as far as to worship him. But tonight he had to earn that good favor, and the challenge was both refreshing and humbling.
“First of all, this isn’t even considered hot weather. You’ll see when you come back home with me this summer. You’ll be begging for this temperature.”
Dean continued his assault on pushing Cas’ cock in and out of his body at a rapid rate.
He kisses Cas where his neck meets his shoulder, nudging his penis in between Cas’ butt cheeks. Dean keeps kissing Cas – on the back of his neck, his shoulders, down his spine. Finally, when Dean’s ready to push inside, he turns Cas’ face and locks lips with him in an effort to distract from the mild intrusion. This time, Dean’s able to go all the way inside Cas’ ass, his balls touching the back of Cas’ thighs. Dean reaches down and fondles Cas. Picking up the pace of his thrusts, he decides to try and hit Cas’ prostate every so often, making it a goal to have Cas release those lovely sounds Dean craves. Cas pushes back against Dean, and they start to move in sync. Dean isn’t normally the praying type, but he thanks The Man Upstairs that this is finally working out. Took them long enough!
“Now now, Cassie. We wouldn’t want to spoil a perfectly good dinner with such talk, would we?”
Dean moved his hand between Cas’ legs and pushed some come back inside the over-sensitized opening. Cas whimpered involuntarily.
“Cas, you’re my best friend. I could never forget about you. We’ve grown up next door to each other since we were kids – no one can come between us. Friends forever, remember?” He reached for Cas’ hand and gave it a squeeze.
Lost in his own thoughts, he forgot to close the door when he returned. And now that he was back in the warm comfort of his bed, he couldn’t find it in himself to care. Especially not when he heard a knock and looked up to see Cas’ hesitant expression staring back at him.
“As you wish, Princess,” Cas replied with an eyeroll, but climbed into the car anyway.
?” Dean said as he pointed to the bird in question.
Gosh, those books. Probably ones loaned from school. If that wasn’t the biggest ‘fuck you’ given to their educational institution, Dean didn’t know what was. It would be a great prank, and Cas should definitely follow through with that idea later – much later, when he wasn’t on display for Dean to watch.
He crawled up to his pillow, staring at his best friend and willing his mind to not overthink what they had just done. His original goal of distracting Cas enough for sleep had been met, but at what cost? If Dean were to be honest with himself, he was truly and utterly fucked – in all senses of the word.
Dean could swear he heard someone at a nearby table spit their coffee out and choke a bit, but he was too preoccupied with the scene unfolding in front of him to turn his head.
“We all have our hobbies, Gabe. Not to mention – the Novaks have a reputation to uphold. You with the parties, Luc with the cheating grades. We wouldn’t want to go soft now, would we?”
What did Cas tell the restaurant manager?
Dean faced Cas and exclaimed: “Dude, I just realized something. These girls that are being ditched tonight? They aren’t all that bad, and they’re obviously single. I’ll have my pick of them once this is over. Getting a girl has never been easier!”
Dean and Cas waited in line to order their usual coffees at Starbucks before work.
Chewing on his lip, Dean nodded. “I don’t put out on the first date, though,” he joked.
You’re in Heaven now, and I want to be with you again. I’m knocking on Heaven’s door, but you won’t let me in. It’s that day in the bathroom on repeat, every day of my life.
“A bit, but it’s a part of the hazing process. I expected it when I joined.”
- - -
Of big green frogs,
“Not because of the sex?”
Sam groaned. “TMI, guys. I swear you’ll be the death of me. I can see the tombstone now:
Dean clapped him on the shoulder before leaving. “I’ll call you, okay?”
Michael smiled. “I bet that you can’t even resist having sex with someone else in the span of your short-lived relationship with Dean. A whore is always a whore, especially when it comes to you.”
“The towels that I asked you to bring.”
- - -
“I like you, Dean. And I want to marry you… if you’ll have me.”
“Ew! Gross. This is a public place – anyone could have seen you.”
With a scoff, Charlie replied: “The lady doth protest too much, methinks.”
“What? I tell you everything. And hey, give that back!” He scolded, reaching for the phone. Despite being shorter than him, Charlie held it out of his grasp. They wrestled each other until Charlie ducked under the table and crawled through to the other side. Dean and Charlie moved in a circle around the table like a game of cat and mouse. Thankfully, they were alone on the patio so no one paid much attention.
“You’re the Queen of Moondoor. They’d be lucky to have you.”
“I thought you liked my ass!” Dean exclaimed, shoving Cas’ shoulder playfully. He turned on his stomach, wiggling the body part in question. “You pulled it out of Hell for somewhat selfish reasons, after all. I bet you just wanted to see it live and in person.”
“I’m guessing it’s too much to hope for that you have a rubber with you?”
Hearing that almost made Dean feel sorry for the guy, but he remembered what other things the man had said.
“Okay, Dean.”
You'll hear your brothers cry
– wonderful, I’m –
- - -
“Cygnus prayed to Zeus for help with Phaeton. Zeus agreed, telling Cygnus that if he turned him into a swan, he would be able to dive deep enough to save his friend. However, there was a catch: if Cygnus agreed, then Zeus would remove his ability for immortality. Cygnus would only live as long as the normal lifespan of a swan. After that, he would die.”
The man laughed, causing Dean to glare at him. “Sorry, it’s just that Bender Hall was torn down 30 years ago. They replanted a forest where it once stood. But no one goes out there much anymore. Legend has it that students go missing and never come back.”
Afterwards, the stranger wiped himself quickly and zipped his jeans, walking towards the door without a second thought of Dean, who was still bent over the toilet with his pants down.
It came out as a breathy moan, and Dean was quite sure he was dreaming.
“See, this is why I always call you my little monkey,” Dean said as he went in for another kiss.
“Of course! May I place you on a brief hold?”
People say that time heals all wounds, but I don’t believe that. I believe that with time and isolation, anger grows. I – along with others- have lived a millennium without you, and things haven’t improved since you left. You abandoned us, and left us to clean up the mess you made. More importantly, you left me to take care of Dean Winchester. He and his brother are more of a family than you or the other angels ever were.
he shot back.
Dean pulled out of Cas and turned his friend over.
Gabe liked Dean, he really did. They were similar in many ways. Dean had a baby brother named Sam, who was here at the party as an incoming freshman. Dean was a lot more public with his brotherly affection, though. Family meant a lot to Dean, which Gabe could respect. Being somewhat popular, Dean and Gabe often found themselves in the same crowd. Dean knew people from every high school clique, but at the end of the day he chose to hang out with his true friends: Cas, Charlie, Kevin, and Garth.
“Oh baby, I’m gonna make you feel real good,” the guy purred into Dean’s ear as he rolled his body against the police officer. “You’ll have to catch me first, though.” He winked and ran off.
Cas’ computer was still on, and the video chat was still recording.
“Dean?”
Dean didn’t know what to expect, but for the second time that night, he was not prepared for the sight in front of him when he arrived at Cas’ house.
“Cas?” he asks warily. “Did I do that? Oh my gosh, I’m so sorry! I never meant to…. That was wrong of me… I shouldn’t… I didn’t have your consent… Just because I’m a guy and you’re a guy and you like guys… oh man, I had no right. I’m just gonna go, yeah I’m gonna go and take care of this,” he motions to his own crotch and moves to get up from the car.
“I could go with you.”
Dean and Cas had seen each other naked or at least nearly-naked many times since they had been kids. Their mothers used to be part of the same toddler playgroup. There’s probably a photo of Dean and Cas somewhere taking a bath together.
“I know what I would do. The answer’s obvious: save Phaeton. Who cares about immortality if you can’t share it with your best friend?”
“Ooh. Better try harder than that, or else I’m leaving in 3…2…1 –“
Cas knelt down and started cooing while petting his bird.
Dean ducked inside, grateful for a moment to compose himself.
“Why haven’t you? We both know that he’s in this mood because of his feelings about you.”
Cas smiled and kept talking: “During the competition, they flew too close to the sun and their chariots burned to a crisp. The two boys fell through the sky. Cygnus was caught in a tree. As he became conscious, he looked high and low for his friend. Finally, Cygnus found him trapped underwater. He tried several times to rescue him, but couldn’t.”
The line is cheesy, and Cas is pretty sure he’s read it in one of his mom’s romance novels, but he could care less about that right now. He throws his head back against the windshield, grateful for the cushion of Dean’s jacket.
It was close to two in the morning when the festivities died down. Cas and Dean found themselves sharing a tent and talking quietly so as to not disturb anyone.
“What, you’re just going to leave me here like this?” he yelled over his shoulder.
Despite Cas’ reassurances that “it’s okay to go slow,” Dean relied on touch to express his affection, and casually holding hands could only sustain him for so long.
was between him and Cas before it got out of control. It was just supposed to be a one-time thing, that now had become a two-time thing, with a hint of more occurrences in the future. Dean didn’t want to think about how Cas’ lips were perfectly chapped, or how they’d been sharing clothes all their lives but Dean just started noticing how hot Cas looked in them – which in turn gave Dean a possessive thrill. He didn’t want to think about how warm and tight and
Dean set up the fan in their bedroom and pulled back the covers.
“I admit that I am not too familiar with most human customs. However, would you do me the honor of becoming my husband?”
Dean chooses his next words carefully.
“That’s okay, Dean. I do.” he says, pulling a small bottle out of his pocket.
“Dude, you’ve been holding out on me!”
“No, Cas. I did enjoy hanging out with you. Just tell me next time, yeah? I would have probably still made the same decision, but I really don’t want to miss out on anything important.”
“I have an idea. Turn around and face the windshield.”
Speaking of which, they were all huddled around one of the bonfires as Dean strummed his guitar. People had stopped what they were doing to go listen to him, as was the usual response when Dean typically started playing. Gabe was man enough to admit that Dean had an alright voice. The sound of the waves crashing in the distance definitely added ambience. And Cas was smiling, which is all that really mattered.
Dean’s body betrayed him, causing his pants to tighten in anticipation despite his hesitation.
“I hate to admit it, but you should be sorry. I went to great lengths to keep it a surprise for you. I haven’t had the chance to correct your assumptions, though.”
“A boy scout is always prepared,” he jokes.
- - -
Dean kept his voice low as he whisper-yelled: “Hey! I prefer to keep the panties
“Sure, Cas.” He sighed.
Dean tossed the cloth to the side as he climbed in bed behind Cas, holding him tightly. He nosed at the hairs of the nape at Cas’ neck, and they fell asleep.
a minimal amount of friction due to the condom. On a semi-related note, I do think you’re moving too slow. You’re going under the natural speed that you should be. Lube would encourage faster movement, because there’s less drag.”
“Top o’ the morning to ya!” Dean joked in a fake Irish accent.
Just as he was about to open the door to his room, the keys dropped from Dean’s hands. Both men reached for them, brushing hands.
Blushing, she ducked her head and said: “There has been someone I’ve had my eye on lately. But I doubt they’re interested.”
Around 8am, Dean pushed open his bedroom door to use the bathroom. He felt horrible – both physically and emotionally. Sam and Cas shouldn’t have to put up with him. He was getting too old for this behavior. He should be happy they found love, right?
. There were days when he woke up, did his 9-to-5 job, ordered takeout for dinner, and went to bed so he could do it all again tomorrow. There were too many of those days, and sometimes he couldn’t remember a single conversation he had, what he wore or ate that day, or if he even smiled (fake or otherwise). He was just a body that mindlessly did the work put in front of him.
And chocolate candy bars
With a sincerity that didn’t completely meet his eyes, he replied: “I’m happy for you, and wish you the best of luck with that choice.”
“I could show you sometime… a full, live demonstration… right in front of you… for your eyes only.” Cas looked up at him, seeing his pupils dilate further until there was nothing but black. “How does that sound,
“Have any other siblings, Cas?”
Dean thrusts his hips forward a few more times before he catches Cas’ eye in the windshield’s reflection and they stare at each other as Dean’s orgasm hits. Cas comes soon after and they both slump down against the car, tired of holding their weight any longer. Dean can hear Cas’ breathing slow down… his friend is getting tired. He gingerly pulls out of Cas and rolls over. He takes his condom off, tying the top and throwing it off in the field to the left of him somewhere. Dean climbs off of the car and opens the car door, kneeling on the seat and reaching in his glove compartment for wipes to clean them both off. As he walks back, he can see Cas crack one eyelid open.
Dean faked his way through a chuckle.
“Hey Cas, mind if I use your bathroom for a minute?” Dean asked as he rose from the couch in Cas’ living room, where they had been sitting awkwardly for the past 10 minutes.
My son, you'll be a man.”
“Yeah, but now you can listen to it even when I’m not around.”
“Stick with me, kid, and you’ll do just fine.”
“Come on, Cas. You wouldn't even have to do anything! I'll do all the work this time."
“Tell me a story about the stars, Cas.”
“Of course, Cas. You know I’d do anything for you.”
“Um… yeah, Cas. Why? It won’t do you two idgits any good if I’m the only one dry.”
“No, you don’t understand. You could probably do what I like to call ‘The Reach-around.’ It’s when you lay on your stomach and tuck your dick down so it comes up and into your butt. It takes a couple of tries to keep it in there, but you should be able to fuck yourself if you’re desperate.”
He paced the small room, dropping down finally on the toilet. Perhaps it was his stomach that needed some relief. Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. However, when he opened his eyes, he saw a bird looking at him. A bird in the shower. A bird in the shower, sitting on … a suction-cup dildo??
His voice alone could make Dean come – everything else happening right now was just a bonus in his opinion. That is, until the stranger flipped Dean around to face the wall and bent him over the toilet. He gasped as his cheek felt the cold metal hardware.
He didn’t know when peace would come to him. Maybe one day he’d discover the meaning of the word.
Mama, come hide my guns again. Please, I don’t want to do this job anymore. Take these fake badges from me, they’re useless and a reminder of my failures when I come too late.
Before they knew it, Dean and Cas had progressed from sustained eye contact to holding hands, and from holding hands to bumping shoulders while walking or knees while sitting. They once went to dinner and a movie but refrained from making out like horny teenagers. Cas’ head rested on Dean’s shoulder, if only because he was getting tired. It was that night that Dean ventured a kiss on Cas’ forehead as he brushed back the hair that kept falling.
His real name is Dmitri Tippens Krushnic. He went undercover after the last fiasco with the Queen of England. To this day, he continues to harbor an obsession with her.
Cas held the dildo still in one hand as he brought the bird to his chest with the other. Seeing Cas’ hand wrapped around the realistic-looking sex toy made Dean jealous, and a bit turned on. Unfortunately, those feelings were squashed with the realization that Dean had been sitting on the toilet with his pants and underwear around his legs during this whole conversation. Could this night get any worse? Dean feared for the answer.
“Alright, alright, no need to get romantic on me. No chick-flick moments, remember?”
“No, you’re right. I’m being more than generous,” the stranger said as he walked them backwards into a stall and rolled one of Dean’s nipples between his thumb and forefinger. Dean moaned at finally being touched.
“I wanted to talk to you about what you walked in on yesterday afternoon.”
“Oh yes, because flashing that boyish, dimpled grin is so difficult. People write fanfiction about the color of your eyes, Dean. You’re a god at this school. Every girl wants to date you and every guy wants to be you… me included.”
“Yours didn’t,” Dean pointed out, his voice hoarse from retching.
Cas didn’t really react. He simply nodded as if he already knew. What Dean didn’t know is that he did know, which is why he was called to Heaven. The angels were in a frenzy about sensing a Nephilim, they just didn’t know who was carrying it, but they had their suspicions since Cas was denied permission 4 weeks prior. “You already took the test?”
Sam quickly abandoned his laundry, ran around the other side of the kitchen island, and steadied his brother. “Woah, there.” He guided him to the chair at the table and helped him sit down. “When was the last time you ate something?”
“Uh, he said he had to go to Heaven for something,” Dean recalled. They were playing with the twins when Cas heard something on angel radio and said that he needed to go to Heaven. He didn’t say much else, but he assumed it was important since he left very abruptly.
“Stop talking,” Dean said calmly. He turned around and tossed the dish towel to the side. “Just stop. What the hell is going on? Why do you keep running to Heaven?”
“What did he say?” Sam asked curiously.
Sam needed to sit down. He plopped his large frame in the chair, still in shock. “Oh—okay. Are you sure?” Sam heard himself say. He soon regretted it after it came out. “Sorry—that’s not what I mean—I’m happy for you. I’m glad that you told me,” he said to Dean.
Dean scoffed. “Are you telling us you can’t?”
.” He gritted.
It was Saturday night and Dean had the Godfather all cued up in their tv room. Sam brought in some popcorn and licorice. The licorice was for him. He loved it, but Dean detested it. “You ready to see some horse heads get chopped off?”
“Looks like you’re not the only one here who gets to know the joys of pregnancy,” Dean joked.
“Thanks, Sam.”
learning that she got help. We talked about Indian food and books! How the hell was I supposed to know that she was going to do this!”
Sam simply pointed to his stomach. “I’m not sure how many women are going to be into dating a 6th month pregnant man, carrying twins.”
Dean could think of at least 10 in the past few years. He’s done a lot to save Sam, like sell his soul. Not the smartest thing, but he doesn’t regret it. He may never have impregnated anyone, but it could’ve been just as bad. “I’m not saying Becky doesn’t have issues, but who doesn’t? Look at us. How many stable relationships have we’ve been in? Most nights you can’t go to sleep without a 5
Dean threw the duffle bag on the table. He opened it to pull out Becky’s journal. “This.”
“But I did hear him and Dean arguing the other day in Dean’s room,” she added.
“And he punched you for it?!” She knew that Dean probably wasn’t going to be thrilled at the news but she never thought that he would strike his brother because of it.
“Where are you going to take me? The hospital?” Sam asked, weakly.
There was no denying that their relationship was moving fast and Becky was loving it. She really was falling fast for him. She spent most of her evenings with him, while he took her out to lavish dinners and spontaneous dates. One afternoon, he picked Becky up at work to take her out on a picnic in the park.
“Castiel, you can’t ask me to go against the garrison for you.”
“We need to get you to a doctor,” Sam said as he fished for his phone out of his pocket.
He took a few deep breaths. “
“What do you mean, trial? And when did you go against Heaven?”
Sam let it all sink in. “What happens if he loses?”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, that was because Becky did this without consulting, Sam. Plus they were never in a romantic relationship.”
Dean didn’t have to say a word to answer his brother. Sam shook his head in disbelief. “Dammit, Dean!” he angrily whispered. “We talked about this.”
In frustration, Sam runs his hand through his hair. “Okay, so what the hell do we do?”
“It’s Jody,” Sam defended. Jody wasn’t just anyone, she was family in the eyes of the Winchesters.
Dean kissed him back even harder. They playfully ended up in the bed. Dean took Cas’s advice and didn’t worry about it. Instead he enjoyed spending time with his daughter and his angelic boyfriend. He couldn’t be happier.
“Of course not. Go,” Dean said.
Sam rolled his eyes and got a glimpse of what Dean was doing. “Dude, it’s November 2
“I want to say no, but Dean is adamant on getting Cas out of Heaven and I don’t see that happening without dabbling back into the life a little. I’m trying to steer him in a different direction but you know how Dean is.”
Sam sat down across from Dean. “If that’s the case then you’ve been pregnant for years because you’re always craving pie.”
“What? You?” Sam didn’t answer. He didn’t know what to say. “Living a dream where I get to be with you? Where you want to be married to me? Did you ever stop to think how faking that would affect me?” she put her finger to her chest, crying. “I was ready to take ownership of the lies I told Jocelyn. To face the consequences of MY own actions. And you just had to pile on the lies.” She took a breath. “I want to go home.”
“Yeah, Dean, mind your blood pressure,” Gabriel said in a mocking tone. “And who says that I come when I’m called. I am an archangel after all. The little summoning spell you guys do is more of doorbell. I get to decide if I want to answer it.”
“No!” Sam stopped him. “I want her to have a good time tonight. I’ll make a deal with you, once the contractions are 15 minutes apart, then we will call Becky. I don’t want to concern her if it’s false labor.”
“No, I haven’t.”
She tore away from Sam and steadied herself. “No. I’ll just call an Uber. Bye, Sam.” She said and then fleeted the bar. She walked about 3 blocks away from the bar before calling the Uber. It was a long ride to her apartment. She kept replaying the two most embarrassing things that happened to her in her life over and over again in her head. She was sobbing uncontrollably in the car. The Uber driver was nice enough to keep quiet and not ask her what was wrong. She was sure this wasn’t the first sobbing woman he picked up tonight, and probably won’t be the last. The night was still young after all.
Sam tossed and turned all night thinking about these things. On one particular warm evening he couldn’t get to sleep. He had half of his body out of covers, letting the cooler air touch his legs, but it wasn’t enough. He then heard his bedroom door open and the light from the hallway peered through. When he sat up, he saw Becky tip toeing into the room. “Sorry, did I wake you?” she whispered.
She motioned to leave when Sam lightly grabbed her jacket. “You don’t have to leave, yet.” It did seem that Becky had changed. She wasn’t as strung out as she was before. She seemed, grounded. “Why don’t we actually get some coffee and chat.”
Sam felt gross and was in desperate need of a shower. It also gave him time to digest his cake as well as Dean’s advice on Becky. What Dean said did make a lot of sense. Becky was not the type of person to abandon her children, simply because she’s in a relationship. Plus, it wasn’t like she was going to find someone right away.
She took a breath and then reluctantly sat next to him. He then hugged her. At first, it was awkward and stiff but she eventually hugged him back. When they broke, she asked, “What was that for?”
His knee bounced nervously as he waited for the results. It took 3 minutes but it felt like 3 hours. A timer went off of on his phone after the 3 minutes went off. The test was face down on the bathroom counter. After taking a breath he got off the toilet and turned the test over and saw a plus sign in the little window.
“15 minutes apart, I know Sam. But news flash, they’re 10 minutes apart!
Dean waited until he heard his brother pass his bedroom and retreat into his own. He waited an additional 5 minutes before he tiptoed down the corridor and into the dungeon of the bunker. On his way down he took a detour into the kitchen to grab some herbs that were needed for the spell. Sam reorganized their pantry so the supernatural herbs would be in a cabinet all to themselves. This was to prevent the boys from using the wrong herbs when cooking. Everything was meticulously labeled and alphabetized. Dean memorized the order and position he found his ingredients to be sure he didn’t set off any alarms from his brother.
Sam raised his eyebrows. “Clipped? As in—you’re not an angel anymore?”
Dean laughed without humor behind it. “Are you joking? You lied to the angels, what did you think was going to happen? When has that ever ended well for us?”
“I might have said some fucked up things to her. May of told her that this whole thing was her fault—which isn’t completely wrong--,”
She sat on the floor and began thumbing through it. She remembered a spell in there that she had wanted to use when she was married to Sam. A pregnancy spell. She had all the ingredients, including Sam’s DNA. In her old box of spells, she had a Ziploc bag that had a lock of Sam’s hair that she kept. After accumulating all of the necessary items that she needed, she followed the instructions in the book. Although things were beginning to look hazy as she kept drinking. She dumped the ingredients into a bowl, including a lock of her own hair, slurred some words in Latin and threw a match over it all. The contents in the bowl let off a small explosion, causing her to be thrown up against her mirror, knocking her out.
“Cas,” Dean sighed, “we just started dating. Shouldn’t we pump the breaks on this for a second? Maybe, look into have kids after we’ve been together for a few years,” Dean suggested.
Sam peered over Dean’s shoulder at the text book. He remembered when they tried to summon Chuck and how complicated that was. Without Cas at their disposal, it was going to be nearly impossible. “Have you tried praying to him?”
“Because I want to thank you for saving my baby’s life. Without you driving me here then who knows what would’ve happened.”
Sam ran to get in front of him. “No! I’m your brother and I gave you time, but it’s been weeks and I’m worried about you! Please, just talk to me,” Sam pleaded. He tried to patient to have Dean come to him but enough was enough. Something was clearly depressing his brother and he needed help. If not for him than for his baby.
Sam ignored his brother to take a shower.
“I don’t know… it seems like you make a lot of decisions on your own without talking to me,” he snapped.
Sam didn’t notice. “I’m not so sure about that.”
“That tracks,” she mumbled. “The good news is that this is 100% treatable. It can start with a proper diet, staying hydrated, getting plenty of rest, and no stress,” she said optimistically.
“Considering it’s coming from a man,” she mumbled. “But I think I should take some blood samples just to be sure.” Next to the bed, there was a tray that held sterilized syringes in a neat row. Alex grabbed one and carefully began to take blood from a vein in Dean’s arm, filling 2 vials of blood. Dean could feel himself getting dizzy again. Brown spots faded into his vision that he couldn’t blink away. He voluntarily closed his eyes and unwearyingly waited for the room to stop spinning.
That made Sam a little jealous. Ever since Becky suggested that he should begin dating, that’s all he thought about. He thought about how great it would be to share something as beautiful as a baby with someone he loved. Not that he didn’t love Becky. He did, but as a sister. In no world would he be able to find someone to share his life with in his current state. “Lucky you,” Sam said bitterly.
She even got the cutest onesies to put the twins in. She bought matching elf sets for them, except Charlotte’s was a red and green tulle dress. She couldn’t get over how cute they looked for Christmas. Even Sam had to admit that they looked adorable.
They all looked at each other in agreement.
“Hey, no matter what, you’ll always have your family,” he assured her.
“Yeah, I guess they did. Jesus, Cas!” Dean racked his hand through his hair, causing him to look manic. “Well what now? What about Jack? Can’t he help us?” Jack was a Nephilim, he had to have some sort of sympathy toward their situation.
Cas looked ashamed. “I wanted to leave. I did, but you have to understand, they are already very suspicious of me, based on my track record. I can’t give them a reason to suspect I know where the Nephilim is,” he explained to them with fear in his voice. “How is Dean?”
Sam got to grab his fed jacket that was resting on the back of his jacket. “Yeah, but Dean, let’s not just run in guns blazing.”
Sam shook his head. “No. Contraction,” he said as he recomposed himself.
When they pulled up to her driveway she was already standing on the gravel, patiently waiting to greet them. Dean was the first to get out of the Impala but severely struggled. Jody noticed and scurried to the passenger door to help him out of the car. “Let’s get you inside,” she told him. Sam was right behind her holding the twins by their car seat handles.
“Yeah, I could’ve sworn that I saw--,” he began and then decided to let it go. “…never mind, it’s nothing.”
“Where are you going?”
Dean steered his head away from his brother and back into textbook in front of him. “They clip his wings and kill the baby.”
“I’m an angel, I don’t sleep. And I heard you walking around, so--,”
Sam stopped putting away his finds from the farmers market to think about what Cas said. He didn’t think about how Dean’s baby would be a Nephilim. Probably because they don’t really view Cas a normal angel. Same powers, less angel attitude. Sam frowned. “Yeah, I guess so. What’s the big deal?”
Their conversation was interrupted by Dean yelling, “SON OF A BITCH!” at the top of his lungs from the bathroom.
The holidays were here and the bunker was buzzing with holiday cheer. It would be the twins first Christmas and Becky wanted it to be perfect. Sam and Dean were not use to having a real Christmas, but Becky wasn’t having any of it. She decorated the bunker with twinkling red and green lights. She even spent good money on getting a large tree that needed the assistance of Sam, Cas and Dean to get into the bunker.
