"What?" Dean can't follow Sam's words, and it's not just because his heart is pounding in anticipation of having to explain, of having to tell anyone what Cas told him. There are some things Dean Winchester just cannot say.
“Just fine, Garth. You alright?”
Dean had kissed Cas then, knocking them both over into the bed, and that was how Dean had ended up having sex to the album
It fades out after a moment, and everything is silent - the deep silence of underground living.
"I'm not very nice to you, am I?" Dean blurts out. "I mean, future me. He's kind of a little shit, huh?"
Sam flips on the lights in the garage, and Dean's car - their car, but really it's always been Dean's - is still sitting in her spot. Sam swears softly. Because the only reason Dean would leave Baby behind was if he didn't want to be followed. And sure enough, one of the old bikes is missing.
Dean bristles. "Dude, I'm twenty-six," he says. "Stop treating me like I'm a fucking child."
Dean thinks, in a part of his brain that he does not allow himself access to in so many words, that having someone love him back then in the way that Cas does now, having someone care about him and want to protect him, he thinks it might have saved him. Cas was always going to save him, Hell or not.
After being dead for two years, however time works in Heaven, Dean's pretty well-adjusted to how he went out. It feels like how it was supposed to be. When he tries to think of a future on earth where he grew old and retired from the job, or worked until he was too injured or feeble to do it anymore, or even the wild possibility of leaving that life and running away to some beach with Sam… Dean can't see it. He can't picture it in his head. He was always going to die with a gun in his hand. His only regret is the pain it causes Sam.
Dean unpacks the last of his belongings that night. He’s already put his photos out on the nightstand he found at a thrift store, although he’s planning to find frames for them this time. All that’s left are some clothes in the duffle bag, but as Dean is digging them out he feels something in the corner underneath the stiff bit of plastic canvas that makes the bottom flat. Dean digs his fingers under the flap and feels cold metal. When he pulls his hand out he’s holding his old ring.
Dean's fingers were twined with Cas' on the seat between them. This thing with them, whatever it was, had seemed undeniably solid. It was close to being named, just shy of being spoken.
Dean experienced every second of the feeling of being eaten from the inside out.
John backhands him across the face and it makes an audible *smack* that rings in the small room.
"Yes, well, after our last argument about the morality of Veidt, I didn't think it wise to bring up." Cas waves a hand airily. "Besides, you were the one who said you wouldn't call any of those characters heroes."
Dean turns away and shoves his hands in his pockets. Honestly, he doesn't know what he's feeling. His instinct to be there for Sam, if Sam needs to talk, is warring with the clamped mouth, defensive posturing he always puts on around this subject. He's decked Sam over this before, for trying to bring it up. Dean feels bad about it, but it's not like he hit him
(See the end of the chapter for
The other teenage girl next to Sean stifles a giggle. She's wearing her long dark hair down over her face and it doesn't quite cover up the scarring from what now-Dean feels pretty sure is an acid burn.
Sometimes they return to him, but Cas suspects this might be worse in a way, to lose someone after you've gotten them back once. If death isn't final, how do you ever move on? How do you ever find closure to grief if there is a hope, a chance, a prayer, that your loved ones may come back to you?
“Huh,” Dean says. He eyes Jack. He can’t imagine anything having the kind of power to create an entire creature like that, let alone something that looks like a sulky Hollister model. “Well, I am going to be haunted by that scene with the blue milk for the rest of my life.”
it. Sometimes he thinks guys are attractive, but he figures that's probably pretty normal. He's never fully sure if the attraction is actually sexual, or just something more like envy for guys he thinks he'd like to emulate. And anyway, Dean just likes to flirt. It's fun and it's easy. It gets him attention.
The memory grinds and shifts and spits them back out into the room with the doors.
Dean keeps his shirt on when he’s not in the water, too weird and self-conscious about his body and hyper-aware of the all the twenty-something tan and cut queer guys littering the beaches. He and Eileen stay on the beach at first, getting a little sun drunk and eating chips, laughing at Sam trying to outswim Cas, now out for revenge at his premature dunking into the waves.
“You can’t just take it out of context like that. Like, this isn’t some moral attributes pros and cons list. I’m a freakin’ carbon copy living in the future, you can’t just ignore that. And you’ve got shit to do here. Like, y’all are being real cagey about your ‘kid.’” Dean throws in the air quotes for good measure. “But whatever’s going on with him and whatever else is in your life outside of this curse, clearly you’re supposed to be around for it. So it should be me. I’m an extra, man. This is what you do with spare parts.”
"Yeah, sunshine, I'm good."
Dean is dying.
This chapter also references sexual assault, though not in detail. Please see end notes for additional content warnings. /end *Important Note*
Cas’ hand patted the top of Dean’s head. “It’s okay,” he said. “There, there.”
been lost the moment he laid a hand on Dean in Hell.
There’s a beat in which Dean curses the day he was born, and his stupid sleep-addled brain, and everything that led to this moment where he feels weak for needing to hear his brother’s voice, to affirm that Sam is alive, that he’s okay, that he hasn’t disappeared or gone up in flames in the middle of the night.
“I wanted to just… I thought I might die,” Dean admits to the office’s gray carpet. He finds it difficult to look at Hank’s sympathetic nodding and unrelenting eye contact while he’s talking. “It was the worst night of my life at the time. It’s stupid, it was a long time ago, and what does it matter, anyway? Sam’s back in my life, so…”
talk, just not about the thing between them.
It wasn’t the first time Dean had imagined things like this, but he already knew he wasn’t going to do it. He’d never leave Sam. That was all there was to it.
"I don't think anyone is actually listening, Dean," Cas says mildly. "I'm fairly certain this ward is self-maintaining."
He copes in the sense that he's always sort of waiting to die. This life, hunting, being hunted, you don't get the luxury of old age and you sure as hell don't get through what little time you have by trying to make your emotions stack up in neat little rows.
Chapter Content Warnings in end notes
Cas takes hold of Dean's shirt front and pulls him down onto his lap, leaning up to kiss him on the mouth.
It’s like thinking of the multiverse, how maybe out there is a parallel Dean who grew up safe, a Dean who wouldn’t be standing where he is now. It’s imagining himself as loved, of loving himself enough in the act to imagine it.
Dean stands up, because he doesn't know what else to do with this nervous energy and the panicky feeling in his stomach. He paces in front of the bookshelves, feeling caged and helpless somehow with this information.
"Dean, you are not one of the unworthy." Cas steps closer to him, too close. "I know you're afraid to face yourself, but-"
“I think he took a part of the vase,” Sam says to the room at large. “Can’t be sure, but it seems like it. I’m gonna go haul his ass back here.”
He nearly misses it too. There, in among a collage of pictures is a little statue with a bow in one hand and a missing nose. There's a caption underneath that reads
Fourteen-year-old Dean is in the middle of a growth spurt so he's all stretched out and kind of skinny, no real meat on him yet. Too much running, not enough calories. His t-shirt is too big and it hangs loosely off his shoulders which are beginning to broaden out, but only just beginning. The baggy shirt only makes him look smaller, but now-Dean remembers why he'd started wearing his dad's old shirts around this time, why he'd been trying to hide his body.
“Uh. Did that help?”
Dean takes a piss, washes his hands, and splashes cold water on his face. He takes stock of himself in the mirror, assessing the face looking back at him, trying to contrast it with the other Dean. He's never felt so goddamn young. Older Dean is almost old enough to be his father, and Sam isn't far behind, and he definitely can't think of his baby brother as a paternal figure, but it's weird. It's all fucking weird.
Things start slipping through the cracks. It’s not as simple as Dean feeling better, so much as he finds himself feeling
"Just that he died to save me. Us. Whatever."
The lump that forms suddenly in Dean's throat is one part sadness for the years that have made their mark on his brother's face, one part a bittersweet sort of pride: Sammy grew up alright.
“You heard the wraith back there. It’s been doing this all over the country for years, and no one ever had a clue. It’s not like they report increased cases of chronic insomnia in the papers. We’re so stupid.” Dean clenches his hands into fists. “I mean, we were always listening to police scanners, why did we never think about getting plants in hospitals? There’s so many signs we could have had people looking for. I always thought dad was right and it was better to be on the road, to go where the hunts took us, but how much did we miss by not staying in one place long enough to even know what’s normal?”
Cas kissed him, all hot breath and warm mouth, and it was soft, so soft, his lips fitted to the shape of Dean’s.
Dean doesn't know what to do with that statement or the prickles it raises on the back of his neck, so he doesn't say anything.
Dean gets to cooking, looking sleepy but happy with his hair all tousled. Sam tries not to stare at him too much. For one thing, young Dean kind of breaks his heart.
. Cas talks about older Dean like he's in love with him. And Dean's not… he's just not the type of person people fall in love with. Hell, he couldn't even keep his own damn family together, why would some stranger who owes him nothing ever love him?
number of superhero movies for months on end and then complain when I develop my own opinions about them, Dean.”
"I can try," Cas says, hesitant. "But I… I'm sorry, Dean, but I'm still in your head. I think I go where you go."
The first time was one of the brief periods where Mary was at the bunker. Dean had dragged his record player up to the living room and let Mary go through his albums, putting on whatever she picked out. Music was something they bonded over, and Sam didn’t really get it, but he was glad for the brief moment of calm in their tumultuous lives. Mary seemed as into just listening to the albums as Dean was, and Sam could tell how deeply it affected Dean to be able to share this with her.
"Sammy, Jesus, man, shut up."
And there's Dean's funny human heart again, beating hard out of habit, even though he doesn't need it to tell him what he's feeling.
He gets what he wants now too, Cas pulling his hand out and wiping it surreptitiously on the covers, Dean pouring lube into his own hand and slowly wrapping it around Cas.
“What do you propose?”
It's Cas again. And again.
Dean gets out of the car, slamming the door behind him. He looks away from the Impala, into the darkness, into nothing. He feels his eyes tearing up and rubs his hand over his face.
“Dean, if a shtriga kills a man, it’s the shtriga who has killed him, not you.”
Cas is nice, and it's not his fault that a twenty-six year-old version of his sexual partner turned up unexpectedly. He's not even flirting with Dean, at least not that Dean can tell, and if Dean's inappropriateness flusters him, that hardly seems fair to exploit. Dean's known a fair number of older guys who would have already been looking to exploit him in this situation, so… Dean reigns in his slightly pornographic enthusiasm for the pie.
Or maybe, Dean tries to tell himself, tries to board up that train of thought, maybe he's wrong and it
Dean is still tossing and turning when Cas comes into his bedroom and closes the door gently behind him. The dark doesn't bother him. He can still make out Dean writhing, screaming hoarsely, with his arms pinned to the bed like they're tied there, his torso bucking away from something or someone.
Cas isn't buying it, but Dean's not really trying to sell.
“Your grace?”
"Cas, buddy." Dean couldn't quite keep the laughter out of his voice as he leaned his forehead against Cas'. "You're supposed to move your mouth too. C'mon, I know you know how to do this."
Yarrow is curled up in a ball on the floor next to Cas' side of the bed, and Cap is sprawled out belly-up at the foot.
There are good days, it's just that Dean doesn't know how to accept them.
But this is different.
Levi raised his eyebrows at him. “I was going to take you back inside and cuddle with you on the couch while we play card games with my friends, but I’m open to staying out here to make out too.”
“Eileen’s here,” Sam says, his smile easy, automatic. Nothing in their lives makes sense these days, but Dean is glad Sam has Eileen back, at least. There’s an uneasy part of him that is waiting for it all to fall apart, the part of him that still whispers
Dean can't really imagine what his reaction to all of this would have been at twenty-six. Not that he has to imagine it, since his past self is
Cas in just boxers and his undershirt is quite a lot to take in, so Dean doesn’t even try. He just gets into the bed. It smells like Cas.
"I mean," Dean goes on. "Obviously you're not okay. But I just… Other Dean told me some stuff yesterday, about what happens. What happened. And you don't owe me your story or anything. Like, we don't have to talk about it. But if you want to tell me, you know. I'm still your older brother." Dean says it defensively, like he expects Sam to argue. "I just want to look out for you."
"Whatever," older Dean mutters, but his shoulders are still hunched as he stomps back to the car, Cas trailing after him. Dean watches Cas put a hand on older Dean's back, leaning in to say something, and he's grateful for some reason to see that older Dean doesn't shake him off.
Chapter content warnings: internalized homophobia, nightmares, emotional abuse, co-dependency, brief reference to historical pedophilia, brief reference to religious homophobia, reference to childhood sexual abuse, reference to memory resetting
"Sam… I don't know," Dean manages to get out. "I know we talked about leaving, but… there's always one more thing. How am I supposed to just go live some regular life knowing that there are people who will die because I walked away?"
“How do you do it, man?” Dean finally asks, his frustration breaking empty against the slowly lightening sky. "You always make it look easy, fitting back into this life. Don't get me wrong, I'm happy for you, Sammy, I really am. But I don't understand how you can just… let it all go."
Dean gestures across the table at him. “Jack. You. Me. We’re fucking cursed, man. I’m… You should never die just because you love someone. That’s not right. It’s not the kind of universe I want to live in.”
They eventually toppled onto the bedroll in the living room, half-undressed, fingers finding skin and desperate to touch. Dean kicked the roll out flat impatiently so they wouldn't have to do this directly on the highly suspect floor. Music was still playing in the kitchen, but Dean couldn't hear it over the blood in his ears. Making out with Cas was almost like fighting. They pulled hard at each other, Cas apparently having lost his uncertainty and roughly tugging Dean's jeans down around his knees. Dean kicked them the rest of the way off and nearly ripped Cas' undershirt yanking it over his head. It ruffled Cas' hair even more than usual, it was adorable, God, Cas was… Dean didn't know the words. Beautiful? Hot? Angelic?
"I said no, Dean."
"Oh," Dean says. Then "
After two days of wiping Sam's nose and waking up to his little brother crying miserably in the night, Dean was relieved when Sam's cold seemed to have turned to sniffles by the third morning. He'd made him take a warm bath and drink his orange juice and eat hot soup for breakfast, which seemed to help with his sinuses anyway, by the time John came stumbling in.
Cas pulls Dean’s head down and kisses him on the forehead, his lips lingering hot against his skin.
"Hmph," Dean said, hands coming up to run along Cas' lower back as Cas pushed him gently back onto the mattress.
“Hm? Oh, no, I didn’t have to.” Cas sighs. “I explained about human burial customs to her. I told her how honored she and her companions are among humans, and that her friend’s body would have been treated with the utmost care. She likes her caretakers, so it wasn’t difficult to explain that they took away the body because they are well-meaning but ignorant of her own customs.”
Sam stands up and Dean takes a step back, because if Sam or anyone else touches him right now, he will fracture. There are fault lines running all along his body, pinpricks of pain waiting to collapse in on themselves or explode, Dean isn’t sure which yet. He doesn’t know if he wants to die or kill someone else. Probably both. Definitely both.
Dean’s hunter brain finally catches up to him in this moment, and he looks around at the trees, but Cerodicus has vanished. When he turns toward the bit of plywood Sam had hauled out from somewhere to use as a makeshift worktable, he sees that the vase is sitting whole and untouched atop it. Eileen has her arm around Jack’s shoulders in the background, and Sam is hovering just feet away from younger Dean’s head. Sam is watching the scene play out with tears in his eyes and when he meets Dean’s gaze he shakes his head, grief and muted frustration at their helplessness stark in his expression.
They are interrupted by a knock on the door. Older Dean winces.
Dean grunts. He pushes himself to his feet, shaking off Cas’ hand. The Dean that Cas had pulled out of Hell wouldn’t have liked the idea, no, but that Dean didn’t really know Castiel yet.
Dean turned around on his knees, grasping Cas' leg like a toddler, and buried his face in Cas' lap.
He’s spent the last few years accepting over again that he’ll never have a child. He’s okay with that, mostly. He always sort of thought, if he could ever retire, that he’d be a good father. He’d raised Sam, afterall. He’d been good with Ben. But even so, the idea of passing on his genes, or even the possibility that a kid of his would come to be a hunter… Dean had never been able to stand the thought of a child under his care growing up the way he had. He’d never been able to see past that.
Dean trails off and doesn’t speak again for a long time. Miracle starts to snore.
"And, uh. How's that going?"
It’s too much for anyone.
On the couch, Constantine's hand sits between them. He wears several iron rings on his fingers, which Dean makes a mental note of for ghosts.
Besides the guttural rumbling around them, there is a moment of silence between them.
Sam makes a noise that might be a humorless laugh. “You’re asking me? Dean, my head’s still full of crazy, you know. Not as bad as it used to be, but… Yeah. You’re the one who taught me how to ground myself. You remember back at that warehouse, when I’d just gotten my soul back? Stone number one and build on it, you said. That’s still what I’m doing. I believe in us. I believe in you. Everything else, I just kind of… If I can just trust that our choices still matter, that people still matter, that’s what I work with. Reality itself? I don’t know. I don’t know, man.”
“I’m not going to lie to you, Dean, and I won’t make promises I can’t keep. Look, you’re skeptical, and I respect that. It may not sound like much, to come in here and talk to a stranger, but I will tell you that I have seen men and women more reluctant than you, come out of therapy with tools they didn’t have before. But the truth about therapy is that I can’t help you unless you’re willing and ready to be helped.” Hank gives a tiny shake of his head. “So this is your hour. We can talk, or not talk, about whatever you want here. I’m not going to force you. I’m not here to drag you kicking and screaming through your thoughts. If you want to come sit in silence every week, I can’t and won’t make you talk. But I suspect there’s more to your being here now than that your brother asked you to come. If you’re willing, I’d like to hear the real reason.”
The first few days are mostly silence. Dean drives, and Sam stares out the window. Sam drives, and Dean pretends to sleep, or he looks for cases.
"Did I? Why was that?"
“Yeah, well, no. I really didn’t. I mean, did dad ever once give you a scrap of encouragement or praise for how well you did in school? Did he ever even fucking notice? What kid is going to be excited about learning or have the motivation to do it, if there’s no positive reinforcement?”
Older Dean drives for a while. He turns on the radio, leaves it on a Queen song, and he fucking
Dean had nodded down to the book in his lap, feeling the judgment in the line of his father's body behind him.
Except, it wasn't just the one man, really. Of course it wasn't. Not with the types of places John Winchester used to leave his kids. Not with a kid as
"I'm done," Dean repeats, gesturing a hand to take in the bunker, themselves, everything. "I'm out. I quit."
And Dean, the now-Dean, watching this happen is struck anew by how double-edged his father’s words are. Dean, unconsciously mirroring his younger self’s body language, shoulders hunched, knowing what’s coming, sucks in a deep breath. Because it’s not sixteen-year-old Dean John is yelling at. Not really.
So. Dean did things he would rather not do, because someone had to. He just wanted Sam to be happy, to be able to get more out of this life if that was what he wanted. It terrified him that Sam might go off to college one day and leave Dean, but he figured they’d work it out somehow. They had time to come up with a plan together.
"At least add pepperoni!" Older Dean calls after him.
The tape runs out and it's just aggressive static on the stereo, the volume turned up too loud. For almost a minute, neither of them touches it or says anything. Then Sam finally lets out a sigh and opens the passenger-side compartment, digging out the cassette box.
Dean grins back. "Cas."
It's just Winchester dumb fucking luck that younger Dean gets there first. Forty-one year-old Dean starts running at the same time, but younger Dean is closer. Someone is yelling something, and Dean's feet are moving of their own accord, and younger Dean is throwing himself in front of Cas as Cerodicus' arrow whistles through the air.
"So I stabbed you. With my demon-stabbing knife."
It was a privilege Cas wasn’t sure he’d earned, but not one he was willing to give up.
Dean never said anything. When he was younger, he'd thought it was his fault, that some lack of
been brought back. Cas still isn’t quite sure of the physics or if it was all just divine providence, but the human form that he wore was his own. It
“I wouldn’t,” Cas had reached for Dean and then stopped, hand suspended awkwardly between them. “I wouldn’t,” he’d stage-whispered. “I’d burn myself up first.”
Older Dean slaps the chicken back into his bowl before putting it on a greased pan with the others.
“It was a weird one. Didn’t actually end up having anything to gank. But. I was just thinking, while I was there…” Dean scratches at the side of his neck. “Kinda always hated Arizona, you know? One of my least favorite states. It’s hot and there’s all this cactus, and… I don’t think I’ve told you about Flagstaff.”
I don't know how I managed to write so much plot all at once???
Um, wow, thanks, y'all! I think that's the most comments/responses I've had to the first chapter of anything in the first day. I was planning to wait to post this just for pacing since I can't promise I'll always update this quickly, but I already had this chapter written, so here you go! In appreciation for your enthusiasm.
Cas is looking at the younger Dean with undisguised wonder. It's a gentle sadness, an aching sweetness. It's not gross or creepy or anything, Dean knows well enough what that looks like, it's just… tender. Cas is looking at Dean the way Dean must have been looking at Sam. It's the way you look at someone you love when you think they're not watching.
"Hey!"
“Look, Sammy, I promised I’d give it three months. And I will, alright? But let’s just go ahead and make a blanket assumption that no, I do not want to talk about it with you.”
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and closes his eyes for a second. He hates this. He really, really hates this.
Dean snorts. "Sam left all his digitization stuff out for you in the library. We, uh, we obviously never kept the best of terms with any of the other Men of Letters, but if you guys are gonna become a real outpost here, could be something to look into. If anyone was going to single-handedly revive the Men of Letters in America, I'd bet on you."
The wind sends Sam's hair into his face and when he pushes it back, Dean is staring at him with anger flashing warning signs everywhere in his face.
"Dean, let's go. Now. Drive off now, before dad comes out."
Cas rights himself, his fingers trailing across older Dean's wrist where his hand presses his chest. Older Dean drops his hands and takes a step back, but Dean doesn't miss how close that still leaves Cas in his personal space.
Dean shuts his eyes and he can remember it like it was yesterday. John had choked him out on a motel bed, and Dean had thought for a second, as his vision started to go black and his brain went fuzzy, that maybe his dad was going to kill him after all. Worse than that, though, worse than John letting go just enough for Dean to gasp in a few desperate lungfuls of air before he did it
This one is kind of weird, y'all.
Dean can’t help the smile that spreads across his face. Cas and Jack, rebuilding Heaven together. A little father-son DIY project. It’s perfect. It explains everything, explains why Cas wasn’t back on earth with them.
“I can only imagine what this was like for you. It must be a great burden, to feel as responsible as you do.”
Sam's laugh is more bitter than anything. "We try not to. It's more complicated than it's worth, trust me."
"And Bobby?"
Content Warnings in end notes
"Good, well me either. You and I may have done some morally gray things in our past, but I got one rule to figuring out what's right and wrong in this life: if you look around and realize that you are standing on the same side of a line as actual and literal Nazis, you're probably on the wrong side."
"To find a hunter contact in Turkey, make sure they find the right thing, then ship what is probably going to be a pretty heavy and quite possibly illicit package of wood?" Sam looks at older Dean skeptically. "I don't know, Dean. I think if Cas is feeling up for it..."
Sam laughs softly on the other end of the line. "Is that a yes?"
"You okay with just helping yourself to whatever's in the fridge? I was gonna make myself a green smoothie for dinner," Sam says when the books and files are arranged to his liking.
Dean spends the day much like the last few, buried in Greek mythology and history and reference books. Turns out the
The only thing he knows for sure is that he can't save anybody.
“Mm,” Hank says, which is the noise he makes to indicate that he’s listening and Dean should go on.
Cas had turned to him, face crinkled in his usual faint confusion at anything so human as music and then he'd said simply "Oh."
"Hey, before you start, we're good now. Look at us, sitting here, bonding." Older Dean gestures at the laptop. "Completely peaceful."
"This is our cousin, uh, Damian. Damian, this is Rhonda. She makes the best coffee this side of the Mississippi."
Cas picks up one of the stuffed lions and plops it into Dean’s arms. “Then we’re getting this one for you.”
He feels Cas place two fingers to his temple, then withdraw.
If you want to find me on tumblr, I don't post much but you can see me lurking @thechampagneisdead.
Cas had never intentionally made Dean plead for anything, never would have denied him a thing. He pulled his fingers out this time though, and made him wait through another long kiss, felt the way Dean whimpered into his mouth. It was a heady, unthinkable power to make Dean sound like that.
For Dean, it was the sober ones that were worse.
asleep."
"Sam." Dean turns away and looks up at the night sky. It's cloudy, no stars to be seen. He remembers the night the angels fell, the way the sky was full of the brightest meteors earth had ever beheld. It was the first time he thought about Cas
Dean can't understand his future self, how older Dean can be so blind to everything he has. How could he forget what it was like, to be this alone in the world? How could he ever take these people, this place, this sense of belonging for granted?
It's been… awhile since Dean's been on a case at all. Through the hospital, he's found one legitimate haunting and one construction worker bitten by a werewolf who, after some hesitation, Dean shipped off to Garth and Bess. There was a ghoul in Breckenridge that two hunters stationed in Denver beat them too, and what sounded like a spectre in one of the ghost towns along the railroad line in Wyoming but turned out to be just tourist superstition and a couple of frisky raccoons. That's pretty much been it for the last year.
It took a moment for Dean to realize that there was a shadow standing in their doorway. For a second, adrenaline had spiked through Dean, before he’d snorted and let himself fall back down, smacking Cas on the shoulder.
Dean tries out a few of the rooms before settling on one upstairs. There's a water stain in the ceiling just above where Dean puts his bed that kinda looks like a wingspan. He knows he should probably fix it, but instead Dean lies on his mattress and stares at the shape when he can't sleep.
"Yeah, because you seem like you need the reminder." Sam tries to hold his brother's gaze, but Dean looks away, eyes still shuttered.
There’s a tattoo now in white ink on Dean’s ribs and one on Cas’. It’s Enochian, but on the skin this time instead of carved into the bone. Dean’s not exactly a linguist, but Cas explains the word as an infinite form of the verb “to choose”. He says that depending on the subject noun it can mean “I choose” or “chosen.”
"Yeah," Dean says again. He shuts his eyes for a moment.
Cas sighs again, opening the door and holding it for Dean. "Basically, yes."
Older Dean gathers all of the bags in one go and shuts the trunk with his elbow. Now-Dean glances at his own waistband for the first time and is glad to see that he's still packing, at least. And then he doesn't quite know why he's glad, except that it wouldn't feel remotely real if he didn't at least carry a gun on him.
Not the man three times his age in an empty hotel room in the backwaters of Illinois, but… Dean hates himself for leaning into it, for how much he wants the attention.
Dean's wondered a lot lately what about their lives is real - often, the answer he comes up with is
He remembers standing in an empty warehouse with Sam, talking his brother down, trying to get him to see the difference between his hallucinations and reality. That’s what all of this is. It’s real in a way that Hell could never be. It’s different. It’s in everything that he ever was, everything that he still is. Even if he could intellectualize it, how is he supposed to compartmentalize what has been the fabric of his being for almost his entire life?
"Oh." Younger Dean looks nervously at Dean, as if for permission or something. "Okay."
"You thought I was a demon. Turn left up here."
Bobby leans over to see what the fuss is about, his arm going around the back of Dean's chair in what Dean can't help but interpret as a protective move.
Cas turns on him and for a second all that righteous anger washes over him. Dean can’t help it, he shivers slightly. It’s nearly imperceptible, more of a feeling than a movement, but he can tell Cas catches it. The anger flickers and fades into a more flustered expression.
How does it not mean
Someone grabs Dean's free arm, twisting it up behind his back. Instead of trying to break free, Dean propels backward with all his might, sending his assailant crashing into the wall behind them. Dean sweeps his blade as he yanks free and turns, but the Black man in the stained overalls ducks, throwing himself to the floor and rolling. Dean is about to follow up when there's a scream from upstairs.
"Sure." Bobby's casually sardonic tone is so familiar it's comforting. "'Cept even in Heaven I never see your ass up and about this early. Stop hiding under that car and come tell me what's up."
They seat themselves at a booth, older Dean and Cas on one side, Sam and Dean on the other, and with the leisurely pace of a slightly grungy small town diner, a waitress eventually appears, already carrying four mugs and a carafe of coffee. Her smile reaches her eyes as they land on Sam and older Dean.
Older Dean scowls. "We summon Crowley back and -"
After another minute or two in which Dean feels uncomfortably aware of the existence of strangers, the elephant finally stops stomping anxiously near the wall. She lowers her trunk, curling it in, make a tiny muffled trumpeting noise, before turning and walking back toward what appears to be a den.
This thing they had with Mary, not exactly a mother but still
Instinct again has Dean half-lowering the gun before his conscious thought kicks in and he raises it to point directly at the man's chest.
It's an awkward angle for prep, but Cas manages. He gets his hand between them somehow and Dean bites his ear as he presses up with lube slicking his fingers. Dean thinks about getting off so they can do this more easily, but Cas’ free arm is wrapped around his waist, his breath hot on Dean’s collarbone, and this whole lap-dance thing makes Dean feel younger than he is.
“I don’t know if you can hear me, but I’ve got you. I’ve got you, Cas.”
He's out of the building, across the street, and about forty minutes into his drive before he has a coherent thought. His body gives a little jolt - the kind he gets as he's drifting off sometimes and feels like he's falling - and he can't remember exactly how he got to the first sign for Fort Collins. Which probably isn't great.
Dean leaves them there, clearing the bottle and cups, and he leans heavily against the liquor cabinet downstairs for a long minute, face pressed to the cool wood.
Dean wants to find the new Star Wars sequels and see what he's missing, and he wonders briefly if he could use the internet on Cas' phone to look for them, but he's starting to feel exhausted again. His head is full of more questions than ever, but he doesn't think he can keep pacing. The bed back in the spare room was soft and comfortable, better than anything he's had lately.
"This is hurting you, having him here." It's not a question.
And okay, Dean's not a psychopath, he knows that dad was hard on him sometimes, and that yeah, probably he's still got issues about it, and no, of course he'd never put another kid through what he and Sam went through. He almost did, once, with Ben. And maybe… maybe he has with Jack, too, a bit. But he thinks they're past that now. Mostly.
Cas pressing back against him, wrapping his arms around him, breath hitching over their tongues, nails digging into Dean's clothes and pulling him closer. That was what Dean had been looking for.
“Hm.” Charlie links her arm in his and gently steers him out of the living room toward the cave. “Interesting point. I’ll consider it.”
Dean had said "Is this another of your 'human categorizations are inherently meaningless' things? I get it, life is pointless, we're all gonna die and the universe won't mourn us, etc etc. Super nihilistic for an ex-agent, of Heaven, dude, but I'm on board."
"Oh, I got the extra slices for Dean. The other Dean. I don't typically eat."
One of Dean’s latest projects was building a little gazebo-like structure just outside the garden. It’s only just big enough for two people and a keyboard to fit inside, which is precisely what’s happening at the moment. Cas likes to take his recently purchased keyboard outside and play to the plants, no matter how much Dean teases him about it.
"Well," Sam draws the word out. "I suppose it doesn't matter if I tell you. Everything's going to take a long time to explain, but I'll do my best, okay?" Sam looks around and walks over to the stool in the middle of the devil's trap. He places the cup of tea on the floor and nods to the chair beside him. After a moment's hesitation, Dean joins him.
Cas comes back into focus, then flickers again.
Bobby grunts. "How the hell is he, anyhow? Haven't seen the feathery bastard since before you turned up."
shit. What, you think you," and Dean, driven by a hysterical desire, flicks Cas gently on the forehead. He blinks, surprised and confused. "Came up with a bar with drinks named after Zeppelin songs? You think you dreamt up us m… making out to
not getting any younger," he says with a wink.
“Of course, Dean.”
Cas will love Dean in whatever way Dean will let him.
Later, after Sam has put Jude to bed in the guest room reserved for him, the adults mill around, drinking tea or decaf coffee and picking at the berry pie Dean made from the bags of frozen berries stashed from their summer harvest.
And it's…
This revelation seemed a tad underwhelming to Cas, but there was a significance to Dean’s words, a heaviness to them, that Cas didn’t understand. Dean searched Cas’ face for a few seconds before he looked down again, down at his hands in the space between them.
"Cas…"
Dean nods, Cas' fingers still under his chin, and dry swallows.
“Mm?” Cas had mumbled, hands still sliding along the bare skin of Dean’s back, still marveling that he was allowed to touch him like this.
There’s hurt in it too, some long-buried deep cut when Sam had occasionally rejected the only food Dean could offer him. Dean always gave the last of everything to Sammy. He’d gone hungry more often than he could remember, just to make sure the damn kid ate. And when he was older, he’d taken all kinds of risks, crossed all kinds of lines, just to put food on the table.
Cas gestures vaguely before them. "Nobody else sees you this way. There is not a single person in your life that looks at you and thinks first about the mistakes you've made or the ways you think you've failed. The people who care about you, they see you for more than what you have been through, more than your faults. You're a good man, Dean."
he'd thought in his last three thrusts, finishing, spilling, coming unmade himself. He'd collapsed on top of Cas for a moment, Cas' hands coming up to pet his hair and run down his back, both of them breathing heavy into each other's skin.
“Yeah…” Sam holds the silence for a second. “I… do that too, you know. Get worried about you, I mean. I wake up sometimes and end up sitting dressed in the car, talking myself out of driving up to Wyoming to check on you.”
Sam doesn't expect to survive Chuck, but he's so frustrated and angry at the way Dean keeps trying to give himself over to lesser things. Sam is barely holding it together himself most days and the effort of perpetually talking his brother off that edge is tearing up something in him. The same something that breaks when Dean screams his name in his nightmares.
The thought that dad might have been with Adam when they needed him, when Sammy was sick or needed money for textbooks or when Dean had felt helpless and scared that he was gonna mess this up, mess his baby brother up, it burns right through Dean.
"Jesus," younger Dean mutters again.
John says "I got this one, Dean. I'll be back in a few days."
"Okay, Cas, I know."
That was the other reason Dean had always told himself it could never happen: he thought that he’d been so painfully obvious. Dean’s not exactly subtle in his love language. He figured if Cas was at all interested, if he even comprehended that kind of thing, he’d have known how Dean felt.
"Don't be a child," Cas shoots back.
Charlie is just a girl - pretty, ginger, bouncing with nervous energy. Dean likes her immediately, with that gut instinct feeling he rarely gets about a person.
"Cas, not for nothing, but that is the cheesiest thing anyone's ever said to me." Dean can't help grinning up at him anyway.
and even when they did have sex it was about a 70/30 toss up on whether Dean would want Cas to stay.
But Dean spends the night alone, and the alcohol runs out of his blood eventually, and he dreams.
"You don't believe in it," Cas said. It wasn't an accusation.
"You are the most caring, loving man that I will ever know," Cas says, like it's just a fact. Like it's the weather. Like it's E=MC². "I have loved you since before I understood what it even meant to want at all. And I will love you in whatever way you will let me, throughout all modes of time."
And Dean? Sam looks at his brother's averted face and wishes he knew what to say, what to do for him. Dean is a functional alcoholic, and it's not good, it's not healthy, but Sam can live with that. What he's not sure Dean can live with is the guilt he's always holding onto just beneath the surface. It's been tearing him apart for years, maybe for as long as they've been on the road. All the deaths, all the losses, all the people they couldn't save. Dean has their father's voice in his head, even after all this time, John Winchester telling him to look out for his little brother, to look out for the world.
"Me?"
"Hey, Sammy, it's fine. Okay? Really, I'm fine. I've had a lot worse. Remember last month, that alligator thing in Georgia? That thing's tail could pack a punch." Dean smiles in the rearview mirror. It stretches his cut lip, but Dean ignores the sting. "Come on, cheer up, Sam. How about in the next town, you and I grab some grub, find the nearest woods, and just go for a hike. Huh? No hunting, no target practice, we'll just do your hippie-dippie one-with-nature thing."
It's after dinner before Dean can get Sam alone without being weird about it. He finds his brother slumped over the desk in his room, face dropped into one hand, eyes drooping. Dean sidles up silently and blows as hard as he can into Sam’s ear.
with you is not to push him away just because you don't think you deserve to be happy. It's to realize you screwed up, apologize, and make it right, like a goddamn adult."
Older Dean has that murderous protective look in his eyes again and Dean can practically feel his teeth grinding.
"Yeah." Dean runs his fingers along Cas' side, tracing the outline of his ribs and hips. He hasn't said it yet, but Cas knows. He thinks Cas knows. "That."
Cas sighs. “It was a good idea.”
"I figured we'd get some place with a little land," Dean said into the quiet. "Maybe some place you could start a wildlife sanctuary for your strays, or just a big old garden."
Dean stops coveting the kitchen and turns to glare at Sam. "You're pulling my leg."
He’s dying.
Charlie turns up at the same time as Eileen, and older Dean shoots Sam an extremely dirty look for not telling him that they were having the additional company. “I would have made more food,” older Dean complains to Sam over Charlie’s shoulder as she gives him a hug. “You gotta give me the guest list ahead of time.”
The speaker Scott Fried once came to my college and in his talk he said "Sometimes we don't tell our therapists things, because if we told our therapist at least one other person would know: we would know" and it's been rattling around in my head ever since so here we are.
"I don't understand," Cas said, when Dean paused on the movie. "Why is animation always aimed towards children?"
"Mornin' sunshine," Dean says, easy and sarcastic.
The man sighs. His eyes on Dean are hungry. "Come on," he says again. "Four hundred for an hour. You're not going to get a better offer tonight. We don't even have to fuck. I just want to slap you around a little and maybe use that mouth of yours."
I was half-asleep when I finished this, so apologies for what is presumably an increased number of typos, but earlier this evening I, an adult human, was crying in a park thinking about this dumb show and I just really wanted to post this tonight.
“I am
Dean takes in a deep breath of the clear air, feels the sun beating close upon his brow, sweat beading on his face under its radiant warmth. Cas' hand in his is warm too.
Dean watches him go, everything in him fighting the instinct to run after him, to yell at Sam that he can't leave,
Sam doesn't think they'll ever stop. He loves Dean, loves him past everything, loves him with a loyalty that scares the crap out of him. And it's not healthy. It's not good. It's messed up and complicated and impossible to untangle.
“Pack up. We’re heading out this afternoon. Do you even own a swimsuit? Nevermind, we’ll pick something up when we get there.” Sam sounds positively gleeful and there is a worrisome gleam in his eyes.
What is he supposed to do with himself now?
Sam's expression is worried, so Dean turns away from it, waves at Eileen to get her attention and signs a goodbye.
Dean could even handle sobriety, it turned out. For the most part, anyway. He’d been drinking too much when they first moved in, and he knew it. Cas had wanted him to quit, even if he wouldn’t say it outright. It took awhile for Dean to summon up the requisite stubbornness he knew he needed in order to do something of this magnitude, but eventually he’d looked at Cas over a mid-afternoon whiskey and said “You want me to stop, don’t you?”
being a man at more or less the same moment he realizes he's in love with one.
Cas sighs, and tries to reach for Dean's hands, but Dean swats him away.
"Cas," he says. "I think I just fell in love."
"Okay, well, can you fix it?" Dean's breaths feel like they are pulling up short. He'll worry about the consequences to his pride later.
Jack, with all the tact of a three year-old, looks between them and says “What happened to you guys?”
Fourteen-year-old Dean hastily shoves the last of the weapons into the duffel bag and sweeps up the clothes on the floor from yesterday. John rifles through the bag he left on the nightstand and pulls out a set of Arkansas license plates.
“Okay,” Hank says. For the first time, he reaches over and makes a quick note on his clipboard. “Okay. So you’re concerned about trusting that this is a reality without Chuck?”
He all but jumps off of the chair when the egg timer rings, and starts rooting around in the drawers for a knife. He's just managed to find one when he hears the sound of the front door opening and someone shuffling around in the entryway.
“About time,” Sam says, clapping him on the shoulder.
tall, blond, stud-muffin
"Why? Because some pretty-boy thug breaks into my house, waves a gun at me and
“Fuck,” Dean swears quietly under his breath. Cas glances up at him curiously.
He’s still a tiny bit antsy at having to deal with Cas one-on-one but after a mostly decent night’s sleep, he can acknowledge that he might’ve been overreacting yesterday, just a bit. Even if his issues involved Cas, it wasn’t like Cas deserves to be getting the brunt of Dean’s mood swings. He just needs to shove it all down and move on, maybe hook up with someone and get it out of his system.
Rick straightens up when Stone-Cold Fox makes his way to the counter. This is usually the part where he slips into his usual customer service shtick and makes small talk, but something about the guy has him feeling flustered and tongue-tied so he just smiles in a way he hopes isn’t too awkward and starts scanning his purchases.
Dean gives him an incredulous look. "How'd you manage that?"
In the weeks after Dean had been purged of the mark of Cain, things don’t immediately fall back into an easy, familiar pattern as everyone had hoped. Dean, always willing to hold a grudge - even towards people who were trying to save him, was still smarting at Sam almost killing himself to save Dean
He doesn’t give Cas (or Sam) the opportunity to say anything else and makes his way out of there.
Cas tilts his head, unblinking. Sam’s never wondered what Cas would look like as a kid, never had any need to, and well - technically this was Jimmy’s body so that line of thought was useless. Not that he’d had any doubts this was Cas, but his bird-like head-tilt was comfortingly familiar.
The boys learn to adjust to the new status quo.
The last he’d expected to see of Cas was at the bar they’d been scoping out the cupid for before he’d flown off in search of Metatron. He’s still not sure of the specifics on why Cas was there slumming it with them instead of up in Heaven with his siblings.
He opens his eyes, looking at the beer bottle in front of him, then to Kevin, who takes a seat next to him.
“You boys want a refill?” she asks, voice more or less even, and not judgmental sounding at the two weird guys she’s serving.
Cas grins widely, pleased with himself. Dean laughs till his stomach hurts.
Dean hesitates then. He needs his brother in on this, but he can’t think of a way to explain it that doesn’t make him sound like he’s lost his marbles. Sam stares at him expectantly, brow raised.
Dean shifts uncomfortably. This was starting to veer into the kind of deeper conversation territory that they‘ve been studiously avoiding.
Nope. This is not happening. This is just some really persistent dream, or possibly a new strain of nightmare that his brain concocted for him. There is no way that these two kids are his brother and Cas. No way.
Since there’s no veto on
“Well, at least this explains the fried chicken,” He says glibly, taking a sip of his drink. He turns to Sam, a hint of a pout tugging at his lips. “Does this mean I’m not going to be an uncle?”
Cas squints. “What does crossing my fingers achieve?”
“You’re not made of sugar, nor are you my father, Dean.”
“Cas, look at me.”
“I wouldn’t be avoiding you if I were in your place,” Castiel blurts out.
It’s harder when he can’t ignore the fact that a lot less people would end up screwed over if humans weren’t able to get their hands on shit they shouldn’t be meddling with in the first place. He’d honestly be pretty fucking ecstatic if witches were a thing of myth rather than something he has to deal with.
There’s a loud pounding at the door that has them both turning. The door and shelves rattle as it bears another hit before shattering into splinters. Dean finds himself being pulled behind Cas as they both try to shield themselves from the debris.
Sam purses his lips, conceding the point with a nod.
“I know I’ve been kind of an ass about it lately, but it’s been good to have you stick around. Sam’s obviously happy and, y’know, we can make another go at training you up to be a hunter if you want-”
He hurries through his shower before heading to the kitchen to get started on breakfast. He might be of better use in the library than he was in the kitchen, but he’s not about to foist all of that on Kevin on top of having the guy help him with the spell research they’ve been doing the past few days. He’s got some idea on making the simple stuff at least. Of course, of all of them, Dean was undoubtedly the best cook, but since he was currently somewhere around four years old, Sam wasn't in a hurry to let him get near the cooking knives or stove, attended or otherwise.
The series of images - the memories, the feelings… They're all sort of blurring together, hitting too fast, bottling up inside his chest and throat.
Dean has to wipe his eyes as Bobby generously becomes very interested in his coffee. When they've both recovered slightly, Dean lets out a long shaky breath.
Sam started to step back out of the room but he paused again, a surge of affection warm in his own stomach.
John, however, did not.
Dean tells himself he's overreacting. He tries to read more, but they're all like this. All this
Dean realized something a while back, when Cas was talking to him about the ghosts again, some time after their trip to Arizona. Dean doesn’t know what to believe about Cas’ theory, isn’t sure he’s optimistic enough to think it could be that easy or that fair. Dean’s not sure he believes everyone is capable of redemption. What he does know is that Eileen is part of a team working with ambassadors in D.C. on the New Green Deal as part of her environmental law practice. Sam has earned his highest form of licensure as a social worker and takes care of kids who he’s freely admitted remind him of his brother. Cas grows plants with such tenderness that they bloom under his care even when they shouldn’t, nourished by his love and faith and the words he murmurs to them. He takes in every injured animal that comes his way and nurses them back to health, giving a home to anything that can’t be returned to the wild - from geese to a capybara to a gangly baby moose.
The memory shifts and jerks, and it catches now-Dean off-guard. He thought for sure they would get to the part where John drained two beers and a glass of undiluted whiskey and asked Dean if he'd known about all of it. He thought they'd watch the part where John's rage was ice again, when all he did was slap Dean once across the face before heading up the creaking stairs, where all his passion had been used up on Sam. Where Dean had stayed up all night, stripping wires until his fingers bled, kept company only by the bottle of whiskey.
Dean always wanted a place to hang posters.
Dean appreciates that Heaven doesn't just insert the knowledge into his brain directly. Dean was never good at school, but he's always liked learning things. Not literature analysis or calculus or whatever, but how things work and why. Now that he has time, he finds that this extends beyond cars and houses. He teaches himself about the different kinds of fish in the creek, how to cook them properly, and new techniques for fishing. He puts a porch swing up and reads books he never had time for before. He's not sure if the novels are exactly the same as they are on earth, because they all end in surprisingly satisfying ways and Dean doesn't remember anyone in school mentioning a three-way in any of the classics.
"Regular enough." Sam doesn't mention that Dean seems to have less nightmares when someone is with him, doesn't mention that he's pretty sure Cas is responsible for the number of nights they can go now without this happening, or that it's no coincidence that Sam only gets woken up by screaming on the nights when they aren't sleeping together. He's not supposed to know about that anyway.
"No snakes though, dude."
Which…
Dean looks down at the cement beneath the creeper where oil stains are scattered Pollack-esque, even in Heaven.
"Balanced," Dean says, squeezing his eyes shut again. "Yeah. I know."
you have for transportation?"
It's all a blur.
It's Sam saying yes to Lucifer.
“Yeah,” Sam says distractedly. “Hang on. Cas, I don’t think it can be ‘lascivious,’ the meter’s all wrong for the line.” Sam looks up, and he’s got that look that Dean knows too well from whenever his little brother is deep in a project and cannot be disturbed for love or money. “Can we wait for Charlie? She’s coming over for dinner, and I told her we’d fill her in then too. Might as well get you all at once.”
And Dean still couldn't hate him. He never could. Partly because Dean had to believe that his dad had loved him, that in another life he would have been the kind of parent who could love his sons as children. Partly because deep in some long-forgotten recess of Dean's core, Dean knows that his anger and pain as a child had had nowhere else to go. If he didn't hate himself, he would have had to hate John, and he just couldn't do that. If he ever stopped believing that he deserved to be hurt, then he might have wanted to hurt John. Even now, that thought scares Dean.
"What is this?" Dean says. "This isn't a memory."
There are a lot of ways that Dean has failed his family. He knows he's never been good enough for John - not tough enough, not smart enough, not macho enough. And he knows he wasn't enough for Sam either, not enough for him to stay. He was always supposed to take care of Sam, and he'd messed that up pretty majorly more than once. He'd let him get hurt or let him run off or let them run out of food. And Dean had tried - he'd really tried so hard all his life to do right by his family, but he could never seem to stop fucking up in all these simple, obvious ways.
Cas closes his eyes and presses his palm to the stump, his fingertips starting to glow.
Dean nods curtly. He finishes his coffee in silence, ignoring the way Jack keeps glancing at him. He knows the words are inadequate, but he doesn't know how to tell Jack how sorry he is, how much he wishes that things were different. Dean still thinks about Jack's face the day that he taught him how to drive Baby, the pure happiness in him, like he really was just a kid.
Hank keeps telling Dean to focus on what’s in his control, which would be hysterical if Dean could summon up the energy to laugh about it, given how much of his life has literally been written for him. But then, that’s the point, as Hank keeps calmly reminding him. Dean’s had such a warped sense of control for such a long time that part of his problem with guilt is that his sense of responsibility has no boundaries.
Cas' face is pale and drawn and he staggers as he tries to find his feet on the concrete floor. Older Dean rushes to catch him, one arm around him, his other hand pressing to his chest and Cas nearly falls into him.
Dean thinks again. He’s thinking specifically about the name “Jude,” and how Dean was surprised and initially a little offended that Sam hadn’t named his son after their dad, or at least Bobby, or really any of their fallen friends and family. It wasn’t like there was any lack of lost loved ones to choose from.
“Sam thinks we’re codependent,” Dean says.
"Cas, I…" Dean blinked and glanced away, but pivoted back. He looked suddenly upset and Cas wanted to pull his own rules on him, tell him not to talk about it. Just let it be, here in the stillness with them.
"So we… we die and go to Hell?"
Dean snorts. “Okay. Sure, Cas.”
Cas smiles and it’s beatific. Cas talks about love casually, as if the way he feels about Dean is a given. A constant of the universe. Dean has tried to say it before, tried to make it clear in any number of ways, but he hasn’t actually used the words.
Again, the silence answers for Sam.
Upfront Content Warning: This chapter contains a graphic depiction of torture/body horror. It is detailed and gross. If you would rather not read that, this chapter contains pretty much zero plot (used it all up last time, I guess) and is totally skippable. That or you can skip to the end notes and scroll back up until you find the name "Cedric" and you can read from there.
It works like this: the Winchester brothers' first and most fundamental truth is their love for each other. There is nothing, not Heaven, Hell, or the Universe writ large, that they can stand to put in front of the other.
Dean grins back at her and stands, stripping off his shirt.
“Don’t do this, Dean.” Cas’ voice is flat, reigned in. Dean looks at him for the first time in minutes, and he sees the frustration and anger there on the surface, the hurt and desperate pain beneath that.
is kinda more satisfying, you know?"
And Dean, just to show how much personal growth he's made, hastily yanks the fourth door open to shut him up.
Cas kissed quickly down Dean’s side, back to the small of his back, and he let his hands trail over Dean’s ass, both thumbs sliding down that crevice between. Dean was so warm in his hands.
Dean looks happy in this picture. They both do. Cas sits on the bed and stares down at the photo in his lap, thinking that if he'd made his deal with the Empty before that day, it would have been his last.
He gave up everything he ever believed in just because you told him it was the right thing to do. He fell for you in the most literal way - the you who'd already been through hell and everything else. If he loves you at twenty-six, it's because he loved you at thirty-one and he loves you now. And the answer to having a guy who is head over heels, to hell and back, ready to abandon millenia of faith, unconditionally
about it, so Dean pulled him down by the back of the neck, kissing him hard, trying to put a lot of unsaid desire into the way he arched up against Cas. And Cas, surprisingly, seemed to understand what was being asked of him.
"But just, please, remember that what I'm about to say is a good thing, okay? It's something that's making me really happy. Like, this is something that, for the first time, makes me feel like I can see a real future for myself." Sam takes a deep breath.
"You're really Sam?" Dean asks, quieter than before. Maybe he should be more interested in his future self, but honestly he doesn't really want to look at him. It's too freaky. Sam freaks him out too, but it's also been years since Dean has seen his brother and his heart
Cas seems just as content to look out the window as Dean is to drive. He fiddles with the radio at first, but he can't get anything but static. So he just drives, Cas' voice occasionally telling him to turn one way or another. Dean supposes Cas must be used to this, to Dean's relationship with the road.
He read too, mostly articles from gay magazines or online blogs, trying to figure out techniques from description alone, not hoping to get to put it into practice, but, just in case.
“Oh believe me, you’ve got no idea,” Dean tells her with a grin. “This is the restrained version.”
“Dammit, Dean.” Sam lets himself sink into one of the stools, rubs a hand over his face. “Dammit.”
Dean looks between his father and brother, barely concealed anguish in his still too-pretty face.
"Do you think Sam…?" Dean can't quite finish the question. There's a lump in his throat for the first time in recent memory.
Seven Stars and Seven Lampstands - reference to the Book of Revelations
Charlie’s face is all mischievous joy. “Oh, I don’t know,” she says, grinning. “I think maybe that mess
They make love in the nearly empty farmhouse, in the shadow of all that they are leaving behind, in the face of an undefined future. Everything is unwritten. They write it in, christening their home with the soft squeak of the couch and their names in each other's mouths.
But Chuck should have known, if he really was writing this show, if he'd really been paying attention, that there was nothing in the universe the Winchester brothers wouldn't do to save each other. It's like he keeps forgetting that, like he keeps tripping over this characterization on the way to his plots because he didn't write that one.
Cas, with all his angelic strength crammed into a human frame, could probably destroy Dean if he really wanted to, but even at the full height of his powers he mostly seems to revel in being gentle. Tender. It’s enough to tear Dean apart in a completely different way. Enough that days after Cas first asked to do his weird emotional touching, body worship thing, Dean had found himself on his knees begging Cas to punish him.
Sam can't leave him.
He looks wrecked. His eyes are bloodshot and the purple circles beneath them are half-moon bruises. The last twenty-four hours have aged John well into the next decade. He looks completely untethered.
"I was not," the ten-year-old says, turning bright red. "It's not
"Fine." Dean kicks the chair opposite his younger self out and sinks down at the table, taking a long gulp of his own black coffee. He put sugar in younger Dean's cup, because he remembers, but that's what age does to you. "What do you want to know?"
Dean snorted, but when Cas glanced at him, some of the pain had bled out of his expression. Dean put his arm around Cas' shoulders, unexpected but warm and solid.
Dean doesn't answer. It doesn't seem like a real question.
Cas leans back in his chair, looking Dean over again like he's piecing him together in his head. For a second, Dean is sure Cas is going to say something sappy like "everything" - which would have been both overwhelming and useless. But Cas seems to be considering his words carefully before he speaks.
At 4:00 in the morning one day in early May, Dean sits out on the back steps feeling enveloped by the darkness of the wide Wyoming sky. There’s so little light pollution out in their little patch of nowhere. On clear nights Dean and Cas will lay in the backyard with the dogs happily rooting around in the grass while Cas tells Dean about the stars.
The dogs go berserk when Cas opens the door, barking and jumping and whining like they've been left alone for years and not watched by one of Cas' students for three whole days. Dean lets them jump all over him, patting their backs and getting licked in the face a lot. He takes them through the house and lets them out again into the backyard to do their business. It's late enough that the last volunteer of the day has already been gone a couple hours. It's just Dean, the dogs, and the wind blowing in the cold night air.
Which is how, a full fourteen years - well, in age, anyway - since the last time he’d been there, Dean finds himself walking into the Sedgewick County Zoo in Wichita.
It's one of the many things freaking him out about this whole situation. Dean has never thought of himself as a child, never was one, really, but he looks at this twenty-six-year-old man and he sees Jack. He sees some last shreds of innocence.
Jude tumbles off at some point and wants Dean to chase him, so he does, letting the toddler stay ahead of him as he runs wildly through the grass, chubby little legs awkward and wobbly. Jude pauses every few feet to look back and make sure Dean is still following him. He shrieks delightedly every time he confirms this, and hurtles away again. Dean catches him eventually and tosses him up into the air a few more times. Jude puts his arms around Dean’s neck the last time and plants a big, slobbery kiss on his cheek.
No one seems as surprised by this as Dean is, which, okay, yes, he knows he’s got some self-esteem issues, but still, it’s a whole-ass career he’s just sort of decided to fuck around and try on. There are definitely parts of it he doesn’t like - mainly anything that involves hygiene of a patient’s privates - but all it took was the first time he forced activated charcoal down the throat of an overdosed teenager in the ER, the visit later where he’d held her hand while she cried, for Dean to experience something like fulfillment. He likes getting the kids in his ward to laugh, likes earning a patient’s trust, likes that more often than not he leaves someone in better shape than he found them. He’s good in a crisis, thinks quickly under pressure, and can charm nearly anyone into good behavior. Plus, he’s basically been a field medic his whole life, so it’s not like he’s never dealt with worse.
He's certainly not
"Not demons." Sam says. "You got silver on you, or do you trust mine?"
Cas’ brow creases again. “Dean,” he says, and Dean knows there’s more coming after his name, and he doesn’t want to hear it.
"Yes. To Heaven."
“What? Uh. No.” Dean doesn’t even stop to think if it’s a lie. Sam has hinted at it, but people in his life don’t just ask him point blank if he’s thinking about killing himself. Well, with the possible exception of Billie once.
“I had faith in the plan then, faith that I would know what I needed to when I needed to. But this wasn’t about need. I wanted to know more than I’d been told. I located where the famous Dean Winchester was supposed to be while I was in the area, and I turned up.
There's a sound of the toilet flushing in the motel bathroom, the water running in the sink, and then John emerges.
"Yep?"
John looks apoplectic.
at him…
“Are you gonna go back?”
It’s the same bittersweet as everything else here.
The universe is chaos and statistical entropy. Dean has already been given more chances than any one person could expect to have. This isn’t exactly comforting, it isn’t even a fully conscious thought in his head, it’s just something he understands as Sam rushes toward him and stops, hovering, too far away.
"Don't worry, Cas'll be worse," older Dean mutters, poking at his mattress distractedly. "Well, maybe not on you."
There's a stretch of highway in the mountain passes of Montana where the road dips up and down in a series of small hills for several miles. The speed limit is loosely 80 mph, but it's not like anyone is there to see if you observe this suggestion. When Dean drove through it last, he hit the gas pedal and soared along the road, going fast enough that it felt like a rollercoaster, fast enough that whenever he crested an incline at full speed it felt like his front tires were meeting the wide open sky. It was exhilarating, foolish, something that made him laugh out loud with the joy of it, of being on the road with the big blue sky open before him.
"Man, that is so messed up," Dean mutters. "You cannot play Enya on a road trip on your way to kill vampires, in a car full of dudes. What next? Sarah McLachlan?"
Dean can't think of anything that would make him go "get" his brother. Well, maybe if dad or Bobby died, but…
"No," Cas tugs at his hair, frustrated. "Of course not. Of course it matters. I'm… I'm not even saying it makes it better. I just mean that it's the fact that it matters that matters most. I go on caring instead of letting go, because that's how I know I'm still hum-" Cas stops himself, a sad smile on his mouth. "Well, close to human, anyway."
Dean is maybe kinda gayer than he thought, and he’d probably be freaking out about that more, but… He already knows that this happens. Like, what’s the point in denying it or panicking about it when there are years of proof already between him and Cas? No one else seems to care,
Cas looks suddenly flustered again. He gets up and clears the glasses and the mostly empty bottle of whiskey into his hands before he says "It's 0-1-2-4."
understand is some of the rituals and the way that converting seems to have opened up Sam’s life to a new community. Dean’s maybe even a little envious about it, a little jealous that Sam has something in his life that Dean can’t, and truthfully doesn’t want to, be a part of. Dean and Cas have gone twice to services with Sam and Eileen, but Dean just gets fidgety and Cas just gets sad.
"Oh," Sam says softly. "
"Dad, no." Sam interrupts John, and he might as well have stood up swearing in church. "I'm sorry, but no. You can't just choose my life for me. I get to decide what has meaning, too, and I know that there's more than this." Sam gestures around the dilapidated house they're squatting in. He doesn't need to elaborate.
Frowning in confusion, he sets the book aside and goes to answer the door. He blinks in surprise when he sees Cas on the other side.
Of course, the noise wakes Cas up, his face slipping off his palm and jolting back up in sleepy confusion.
Dean watches Cas run his fingers over the small bird embossed onto the cover of the journal for a few moments before looking up to find Cas watching him fondly.
Cas opens his mouth as Dean settles back into his seat, but Dean cuts him off with a gruff, “We’re not gonna talk about it.”
So, it turns out Sam’s luck really,
He’d already opened his mouth to interrupt Castiel, so the answer comes immediately. “When I’m not being
Sam shrugs. “Just thinking. There’s nothing about cursed objects that compel people to tell the truth in whatever I’ve gone through so far, so I’m working backwards with what we
“That’s a conversation for another time,” Dean says decisively. And that time will be never, as long as Dean has any say about it. Give Cas an inch and he’s liable to take a mile on his ‘learning about humanity’ questions, seemingly always directed to him instead of Sam. At this rate, the next thing Dean's going to be asked is for tips on how to jack off just because Cas is curious. And that is definitely
or whatever,” Dean stiffens up but Sam ignores it, not allowing himself to lose steam, “if you’re hiding from him because you’re afraid of how he’ll react, then you’ve got to be the blindest person I know. He looks at you like you’re shitting rainbows and puking up stars. Like, even through all the shit we’ve faced these last few years, you’re the best thing to happen to him. It’s-” Sam breaks off with a frustrated noise. He doesn’t say
“We wanna play more!” Dean yells back.
Dean's eyes flash up to meet his. He’d struck a nerve,
“Oh. Yes. I found the song to be quite enjoyable.” Castiel replies. “Though I must say, the urge to dance was… unexpected.”
He blows out a gust of breath.
"What was it you were saying about your reflexes?" she asks, smirking. She turns to look back at her radio with a frown. "I liked that radio."
Dean swears colorfully.
Sam rubs at his forehead with a sigh. “Right. Spring cleaning or something. I didn’t ask.”
“There’s more to our tastes than tea and toast,” Crowley replies sarcastically. “We sometimes have scones.”
"I'm glad to hear it," Cas says, taking a seat next to Dean. "I haven't had a chance to try it myself."
Cas doesn’t look back at the Empty even as he pulls back from Dean. He attempts a smile, like he’s trying to convince them both that he’s at peace with what’s about to happen. Dean’s incapable of pretending the same, jaw tight as he stares back at Cas, his own expression a rictus of grief.
“You got anything else on your plate I don’t know about?”
Cas takes the breather as an opportunity to do more, inching his hand down to squeeze at Dean’s butt and pull him closer. The very, very tiny part of Sam’s brain that hasn’t blue-screened in horror manages to be a little surprised at the forwardness of the gesture; they’d slow-burned themselves through their pining for literal years and apparently that meant slamming forward from zero to a hundred now. Still completely unaware of their accidental audience, Dean groans at the touch, and oh god no, this is reaching brain bleach territory now.
problem.”
“Nah, can’t stick around for lunch today. Just make my coffee to-go, and maybe pack up a slice of pie. Sammy’s visiting for a few days and he has stuff he wants to do so I promised to chauffeur him around. I know, I’m an awesome brother.”
Cas nods, satisfied with the response, and picks up his pace.
Didn’t mean Dean had to like it.
“I promised him I would owe him a favor if he gave it to me.”
The kids end up spending most of the trip dozing in the backseat. It’s more peaceful than he expected it to be. That thought had eventually been tempered by the reality that this wasn’t likely to be a regular occurrence if they didn’t break the spell soon. Mixed bag as it is, he’ll take it while he has it.
Of course, it would require some tact.
doesn’t matter.
“You’re allowing him to wander around the bunker now?” Sam asks, grabbing his mug and getting some coffee for himself.
“Well, that’s abysmal,” Dean says, eyebrows raised. “Thanks for the dark bedtime story,  but- wait, didn’t Crowley say that this feather might be Ma-whatever’s?”
Cas’ doesn’t respond, uncertain gaze darting from Dean happily stuffing his face, to his own plate, before hesitantly picking a sandwich up. He takes a bite, chewing for a few seconds before scrunching up his face in disgust.
Sam waves his hand and continues, unperturbed. “-but you’re being a stubborn dick about it. Even if he doesn’t, he might at least know
“Like how you were planning to lock the pearly gates behind you and your siblings and now you’re stuck here instead, and human to boot. That was gonna be a
Kevin leans closer to Sam, voice low but baffled as he asks, “...They remember me?”
“Gah!” Rick jumps, flinching sideways away from them.
He sets it back down, reaching over them for his dinner. He eyes it with thinly veiled dismay before taking a bite. Not his preferred fare he’ll admit, but well, beggars can’t be choosers.
“Right, the kid thing,” Kevin says after a moment. He’s not sure what else to say. Their situation undeniably sucks, but he isn’t as close to Cas and Dean as Sam was. They hadn’t even bothered to talk about the way things were right now beyond focusing on trying to fix it; maybe this conversation was a bit overdue.
Sam leans over, squinting at the page. “Probably? I don’t exactly know Greek, Kevin.”
Charlie beams at him. Sam Smith’s
“We’re not having scrambled eggs again.”
Dean rolls his eyes, setting the half-empty flour tin back on the counter and grabbing the small dustpan and brush stowed away beneath the sink to clean up the spilled flour. “Figured this shit out yet?”
Cas cocks his head. “You and Lisa competed in drinking contests against each other?”
Well, what a lovely opportunity to be placed in his lap today. He leans forward slightly, smirking. “Pray tell, Squirrel, is there anything you’re itching to get off your chest?”
“This ain’t witches grading class, sweetheart. Why don’t you tell me why you’re going around Benjamin Button-ing people instead,” Dean says, slowly edging his way into the kitchen.
“Stop,” Kevin says. Sam’s not in the mood to listen, mind already racing with apologies and the urge to chase after his brother, but falters when Kevin comes to stand in front of him, arms crossed. “Sam.”
“Fine, alright,” Dean acquiesces, hands raised. “I just wanna know one thing though.”
“And where would you go?” Dean asks skeptically.
“Surprise?” Dean says, faux innocently to Sam as he passes by him, intent on making the best Christmas pancakes anyone’s ever tasted. Sam’s obviously trying his best to frown but he can’t fight against the way his lips keep twitching into a smile.
Dean glances away, something almost guilty flickering across his expression. “I’ll talk to Sam. Just give us a couple more days.”
know how to shoot a gun, right?”
Sam sighs. “Dean’s not here because he realized he’s allergic to anything that has to do with organization and paperwork.”
They stick around there for about an hour, during which Dean and Cas try to make houses and skyscrapers out of the large building blocks with the help of a cute little brunette in pigtails that they’d befriended. Once some of the structures get too high for them to add to it Dean ropes Sam into helping them move certain sections around as he sees fit till they’re pleased with the final product. Kevin makes them all stand together in front of it so he can take some pictures.
Sam barely notices Cas when he wanders into the storeroom, focused as he is on the file in front of him, managing a grunt in response when Cas greets him as he walks past.
Readjusting his grip on the sweating beer bottle in his hand, he wanders closer. It’s only when he’s a couple of feet away that he realizes that Cas is asleep. Straight up conked out over a book, like a sleeping version of the Thinker statue.
Before Dean can object or make excuses, Cas says, “The
I do not in fact know how 4 year old kids talk (nor do I have any that young around to observe their speech patterns) though I did do some research and they have a pretty decent vocab and can struggle with some words until it evens out at about age 5 or 6. In this case, Dean has problems with hard 'r's from time to time
"Of course, the Early Cretaceous Period is also when flowering plants first began to dominate the earth, which are some of my favorite non-human organisms. The complexity and diversity of the species of plants never fails to amaze me. I mean, Dean, did you know that it’s not just trees whose age you can count from a cross-section of their inner rings? Of course, you’d need a microscope for some of them, but the formation of most stems is so dazzlingly-”
Dad never said a fucking word. He'd talked about family and loyalty, made out like these were the greatest virtues a man could have. And all this time… all this fucking time…
"No, Dean. This is definitely not Heaven. Although I'm glad to think you could see it that way."
Dean spends too long looking at Cas, thinking about Charlie’s words, thinking about Sappho, and Xerodicus, and the whole gay mess. He wants to go talk to Cas, but he can hear older Dean coming back from the door, and this isn’t Dean’s life.
“Yeah, great, I can be a copy and a replacement. How do you think that fucking feels?”
“Shall we go home, Dean?” Cas asks.
“Dunno, but I hope they took Jack. He’d love the zoo.”
“Okay, here’s my question,” Eileen says. Dean sort of lost the thread of the conversation as he stopped Jack from putting actual canned corn into the cornbread mixture. “I get that Dean here and old grumplepuss Dean are from the same timeline, but are we saying that the soul doesn’t change? Not a judgment on either of them, but the Deans seem pretty different to me. Can a soul change over time? Would that affect who the magic scary arrow would go after?”
Cas frowns up at him. “Like a potential case?”
“Goodnight, Sam.”
Cas stiffens, just a little. Sam grimaces, remembering how much Cas had been withdrawing into himself after Dean got sick; he’d been brushing it off as him being worried and irritated. God, how long must he have been thinking that? Blaming himself for this situation? Thinking others blamed him for it too?
Cas shrugs agreeably.
“What gave it away?” Sam asks dryly.
“Heya Sam, it's Garth. Listen, are you-”
play outside again. They weren’t allowed to play outside when it was raining, which was lame because it was just water. Sammy’d even got wet in the rain before and he was fine, so it was stupid that
Kevin stares at the kids for a moment, before turning to Sam, brows raised. “Okay, sickeningly cute interactions aside:
He’s halfway across the library when he freezes, missing the bitchface Sam directs at him at the comment, because he’s too busy staring at the Christmas tree that suddenly seemed to have sprouted by the corner shelves.
“What is it?” Cas asks curiously, standing up.
“Whuh?” He mumbles, rubbing at his eyes. “Charlie? What time is it?”
It wasn’t enough to have gotten addicted to demon blood and started the Apocalypse, it turns out he was apparently overdue for ruining someone else’s life.
Sam glances at his watch. “Fine, but I’m leaving right after.”
“Buzz off,” Dean growls.
Sam’s steps slow as he wanders into the war room. Cas, who’s been following a few feet behind him, weaves around him to take his usual seat at the map table.
“I wasn’t able to keep Dean safe,” Cas insists, like he’s intent on shouldering the blame.
Dean bites back a grimace, nodding instead with a muttered ‘thanks’.
“Just a chai latte for me, thanks,” Sam says with an amused smile.
Until today.
“I can take the basement,” Cas offers.
“I don’ ‘member what tha’s like,” Dean replies honestly.
Kevin rolls his eyes. "Didn't realize this needed to be voted on. He's
Cas tilts his head, slanting a glance at Sam. His expression is tight, like he’s trying to keep it under control, but Sam can see beneath it enough to the vulnerability he’s trying to hide.
When Cas’ lips meet his, it’s gentle, almost careful. Dean presses forward; on the off-chance he’s going to have this only once he wants to have something a little less gentle.
“We’ve cleared up some more space near the front of the storeroom for whatever items you’ve finished cataloging.”
Two nights after that, Cas had decided it was his turn, stubbornly insisting that he
by the time Charlie cheerfully announces that it’s time for presents. She situates herself by the tree as the self-appointed Christmas elf so that she can hand out everyone’s gifts to them.
“It’s surprisingly difficult trying to speak without asking a question. This spell is vexing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m making space in the library for some books I found that can be moved up from storage. We should be done in a couple days if we keep at the current pace,” Sam says, filling up his plate from the pot on the stove and grabbing some cutlery before taking a seat at the table. He gives a nod of thanks when Dean sets down two bottles of beer and takes a seat across from him.
“I will defer to your knowledge on that.” Cas agrees, a small smile on his lips. “Does this mean you’re willing to teach me?”
Castiel blinks, then frowns. “You’re being facetious.”
Kevin stops halfway through cutting a banana, patting down his pants pockets in search of his cell phone. He pulls it out, fiddling with it, but the screen stays dark.
He looks at the kids more closely. Cas’ shirt is hanging off of one shoulder, barely reaching mid-thigh. Dean’s shirt is as good as a dress on him, brushing his ankles as he walks, albeit one that looks like it’s going to fall off if he moves wrong.
“Still works though!” Sam shouts back, laughing as Dean marches away faster. He turns to Charlie, inclining his head in the direction of the kitchen. “Let’s go put all this away.”
Maybe he’d been wrong in his earlier assessment. Maybe Cas was just tired.
Kevin looks up as they trot into the library.
“I really need to get paid for doing this sh- crap,” Kevin mutters, eyes still closed. He takes another sip. “I’m guessing you two haven’t eaten yet?”
He didn’t get much of a chance to brood over it since Cas would inevitably find him, hesitantly gravitating to Dean whenever he thought he could get away with it.
“Uh, nothing.” Sam’s lips purse in an amused smile. “You don’t actually have to do it, it’s just a good luck superstition thing.”
Dean snorts, lips quirked up in an amused smile.
Dean’s expression goes pinched.
No matter how hard he tries, he still can’t understand the nuances of things that make humans ashamed or uncomfortable. Regardless, he’s been careful, he thought; he knows Dean better than other humans, has learned his limits and even his contradictions over the years.
He wasn’t-
seem like the kinda guy who’d like someone trying to go after his friend (who he almost definitely has feelings for - unless Rick’s bi-fi has gone kaput, and he’s not accepting that because he hasn’t failed at reading vibes yet). It’s almost too bad he can’t ask Mal for a second opinion, but the five seconds of interaction between the two earlier wasn’t much for them to go on. Plus, he’s not too keen on showing his hand and opening himself up to even more ribbing from them.
“Definitely not a problem.”
Sam thinks, biting back a smile as he asks Cas curiously, “What did she say to you?”
Sam blinks, straightening up. Of all the things he expected Cas to say or ask, that wasn’t even on the list. He feels the now-familiar scratching sensation start up in his throat when he doesn’t answer immediately. Clearing his throat to dispel the feeling, he says, “I uh, suppose it depends on who’s doing it and how you’d like to respond.”
Cas raises his glass up a bit. “Can I have some more?”
Maybe he should convince Sam to reprioritize his to-do list tomorrow.
Instead of bringing up how Dean had been absent at lunch, Sam makes a show of looking around the kitchen. “There some other reason you look like you’re practicing to go on a cooking show?”
But it doesn’t matter. Cas’ entire ‘Cas-ness’ was just how the dude was. He wasn’t interested in Dean that way.
Dean stares up at him, eyes wide and bright with tears, lower lip trembling. Before Sam can say anything, he turns around and runs off.
“Promise?”
“No!” Dean says, immediately getting flustered by his own vehemence. He glances away, shoulders bunching up to his ears. In an attempt to deflect, he says, “Pretty sure being human wasn’t part of the plan.”
Sam had been the one to find the case.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, focusing intently on the ingredients he’s measuring and pouring into a bowl. He continues in a forced, jovial tone, “It’s still too early for lunch, man-”
Sam eyes him solemnly, making him slightly uncomfortable. He firmly refuses to let it show however, friends they are not, after all.
“I made a deal,” Cas admits, the words falling heavily in the space between them. “To save Jack the first time he died.”
“I was afraid,” he admits quietly, “of what she might try. Whether I’d be able to stop it if there was a next time. It wasn’t that I didn’t trust you.”
With a sigh of relief, he shoots a text back saying he’ll meet them back at the motel with dinner.
He doesn’t leave or bluster and kick Castiel out of the kitchen, and that’s as much of an allowance as he can hope to receive.
Rick sighs as he watches them drive off.
Crowley shrugs. “That’s it.” He takes another bite of his pizza. “One’s more powerful than the other, but that says very little about what either does.”
Cas startles in surprise before his brows furrow together.
to have drinks with the guy? Come on,” Dean cajoles, “I owe you a round or two for all the work you did with the tablets.”
That manages to tease a ghost of a smile out of Castiel.
“Thanks for the help today, Kevin. I appreciate it,” Sam whispers.
Cas shrugs awkwardly.
Sam huffs, smirking slightly. “Yeah. He’s useless with research work when he’s dealing with things, so he does other stuff instead.”
Dean frowns and opens his mouth, either to snark or make another frustration-laced comment, Crowley’s not sure which, when a knock at the door distracts them. Clearly not waiting for a response, Sam pops his head in, the rest of his body quickly following suit.
“Come now, Moose. I’ve been rather forthcoming to your brusqueness. You’ve piqued my curiosity; a little quid pro quo is fair.”
Rick shrugs agreeably and lets him go. He darts a glance outside the window while the guy wanders the aisles slowly, wondering if he’d been so lost in his head that he hadn’t heard a car pull up.
Dean almost feels a little guilty.
“How much?”
Sam huffs an irritated breath through his nose. “Don’t you think this has gone on long enough? What exactly are you afraid of accidentally telling him?”
Sam snorts. “Dean’s been feeling like cooking lately.”
“Come in,” Sam says, moving aside to let him in. Cas does, idly glancing around at the room as Sam closed the door behind him. It’s about as sparsely decorated as the other rooms in the bunker, so there’s not much to see. Sam knows an avoidance tactic when he sees one.
Oh, he’s gonna
with his admission. Just when he thinks this can’t get worse.
“We’re out of cereal,” Cas calls out, sounding disappointed as he adds, “There’s no more bread either.”
He gets a reply a few minutes later.
“There’s no such thing. Contracts with hell are lasting, within the limitations of the agreement and barring external influences, of course; spells of the non-dangerous variety, by its nature, do wear off - it’s a guaranteed inevitability.” Guessing at the reasoning for Sam’s question, he asks, “How long has Squirrel been caught in that spell?”
Dean scowls. “Not that, dumbass. A
Dean glares after them, the sounds of their laughter reaching him easily.
Dean’s clearly managed to out-stubborn Sam on breakfast, seeing as he’s the only one triumphantly and messily pouring himself a large bowl of Froot Loops. Kevin eyes Sam impassively for a moment before heading over to the coffee machine with a passing, “You’ve got cereal in your hair.”
Dean goes pale.
“Thank you, Dean.”
appreciate the change in fare.” He nods at his food in indication. “I am curious though as to what changed.”
an awesome name that everyone needed to be using.
Kevin’s no less baffled than he was a few minutes ago, he’s not sure if the coffee will make things make more or less sense at this point. There’s always the possibility that Dean’s been possessed by the spirit of Martha Stewart. Was she still alive? Y’know what, it doesn’t matter.
“It’s nothing to be ashamed of, Dean,” Cas says, turning to frown at Dean.
“Alright.” Castiel says, still confused. There’s a bit of an awkward waiting silence for a few moments, but Dean decides to break it before it gets uncomfortable. He has enough awkward silences with his brother these days; he doesn't need that with his best friend too.
With the feeling that he was probably going to regret this, he asks, “You… wanna talk about it?”
Cas works at the wrapping carefully, making sure not to tear it.
Feeling Sam’s gaze on him, Dean quits his glaring contest with the table, redirecting it to Sam instead. “What?”
It taps a finger pointedly against the scythe’s handle.
Cas nods, taking it in. He squints thoughtfully. “It’s impossible for anyone to drown in my eyes.”
He considers Dean thoughtfully. “How long has this been going on?”
Before he can decide on some snarky comeback to throw at his brother, Cas decides to answer for him.
Dean didn’t think much about it at first; Cas likes Dean more than he likes pretty much anyone else aside from Sam, and he’s never been all that subtle about it. But actually having him around all the time started to put his actions into a different light. Like he was trying to make up for something he’d lost, and it didn’t take a genius to guess what that was.
“You haven’t even been human a whole month,” Dean says, reluctantly shaking Cas’ grip off. He’s not sure what he hates more, undermining what Cas is saying when he wants it to be true or the fact that Cas feels the need to do this. “You’ve barely got a hang of what human emotions are, and all you’ve felt is like, a fraction of-”
“What do you care?” Kevin barks, voice sounding distant enough like he’s yelling at Dean from across the room.
“Since Metatron told me about the trials.”
He doesn’t manage to get anything useful from the sheriff’s department, unsurprisingly. The sun’s already setting by the time he gets out and he’s resigned himself to going through the old papers at the library to find anything that rings any warning bells when he gets a text from Sam. Thankfully they’d had a little more luck on their end.
“You can bet your ass on it,” Dean says firmly, reaching out to clasp Cas’ hand and entwining their fingers together.
He sounds like he honestly doesn’t know. And why would he?
“My compliments to the chef then,” Crowley says, inclining his head. “I’d offer my services more often if I have this to look forward to.”
“What’s that got to do with yours?” Dean asks, brows raised.
Once Kevin’s done cleaning up the mud on the floors and stairs, he decides to check in on Sam and see how he's faring at cleaning the boys up. He follows the sound of screeching laughter to the communal bathroom and finds Sam completely drenched while Dean and Cas are giggling up a storm at Sam’s predicament.
He keeps dancing as the song goes on, somehow managing a smooth glide across the room while moving to the beat.
Cas doesn’t speak the entire drive into town. Not for Sam’s lack of trying, of course.
“I’m heading back to the storeroom. Let me know when dinner’s ready. If you’re serious about not wanting Cas getting suspicious, maybe try not to hide during dinner too.”
Dean snorts, expression disbelieving. “When’s the last time you ate
“Kev, you think you could take these two and get them dressed? I figure I might as well take a bath since I’m halfway there already,” Sam says, gesturing at himself.
“Thank you. I learned them from you.”
Crowley doesn’t look up from his book at first at the sound of footsteps coming down the hall, having quickly gotten used to the noisy ambling of the bunker’s inhabitants. They’d become prone to wandering down the halls more often over the last few days, and allowing himself to be distracted by the sound took away from what little enjoyment he’s been afforded by the Winchesters as part of his second chance at humanity.
“Nuh-uh, nope. Didn’t interrupt a thing, Sammy. Cas and I were just shooting the shit. C’mon, let’s go feed your giant, lazy ass,” Dean says, jumping up and clapping his hands together. He moves to the door to herd his brother out into the hall before stopping at the doorway and turning back to look at Cas.
“Yup,” Charlie replies cheerfully, popping the ‘p’.
Dean rubs a hand over his face angrily. “What I wouldn’t give to stab an angel blade right in her face. That’s beyond fucking twisted. Shit, Cas.”
“C’mon kiddo, you've been swooning over lil ol’ Dean for months now. Besides, it’s Valentine’s Day, love’s in the air-” Gabriel waves at the romantically decorated bakery-slash-coffee shop, “-along with a slew of hormones. It’s the perfect time.”
Dean blinks. “What, like that Veritas bitch we faced before?”
Sam perks up when Dean makes a surprised noise. “What?”
“I’m sure some of what I said had some effect, so you’re still welcome.”
Sam grimaces; well, there went his breakfast.
“Guys, I want you to meet someone,” Sam says as Charlie moves to stand next to him.
“Since this is the second time this week that I’ve dropped something on my damn foot, it’s pretty obvious I’m not okay,” Dean grumbles, flexing his foot and wincing. He stares down at the mess on the floor with frustrated dismay before glancing up at Cas with a frown. “I’m gonna put a damn bell on you someday, I swear. You’re supposed to be less ninja-y now that you’re human.”
He briefly entertains the stray thought of wondering what it’d be like if they’d been changed into babies instead, dispelling it with a shudder at the thought of diaper changes and who knows how many wailing, late-night feeding sessions till the spell would have been undone.
look. Dean’s not sure if he actually complies because they start talking about something that sounds equally nerdy to what he’d interrupted. Cas listens intently, chiming in with his own comments every so often, leaving Dean and Kevin to drink in peaceful silence.
“I didn't realize you were searching for mud monsters instead of the kids.”
Sam sighs and runs a hand through his hair, feeling a bit like a heel now.
He snorts at the question. He’d learned long ago not to mess with ladies’ drinks after one of the few date nights he’d had with Lisa. She’d dared him into trying her drink when she’d noticed the derisive look he’d given it. It’d been strong enough that the taste had lingered all night, even after a couple of rounds of beer. Featherweight that human Cas apparently is, he’d probably be knocked on his ass if he tried a Long Island Iced Tea. No telling what the alcohol content in his current drink was, but it’s a fair bet that it and the sugariness of it are high.
"Only when I've lost my grace. I was human for a short time, and I slept then. It was strange and time-consuming, although there is something to be said for the human capacity to dream."
Chuck brought Crowley back, and not, as they had assumed, out of a narrow definition of "enemy" when God had decided to re-release all their foes upon the earth. Dean doesn't trust anything to be real or free of Chuck's meddling fingers anymore.
All Dean could think about whenever one of the men around looked at him a little too long was making sure they never looked at Sam. That Sam could never know. He'd understood, somewhere in his illogical brain, that these sorts of things weren't supposed to happen to children. That children were supposed to be protected. He'd just never thought of himself as a child.
"That is all me. That's all
"He abandoned us." Sam's breath hitches slightly, and Dean can't help it, he turns around. Sam's eyes are overbright and his expression is pleading. "And you made so many excuses for him, Dean, but there was no excuse for him leaving us. I was okay, because I had you, but who did you have? You can't have been more than seven when dad started leaving us alone in motel rooms to go hunting. Who does that? We were
John comes back from talking to the firemen, already a different man. He swoops up Dean and Sam in one move, pulling both boys into his arms and sitting down on the hood of the Impala. He crushes Dean to him, one hand on Dean's wrist, taking some of the weight of Sam. John's shaking. He holds his sons while he and Dean watch their house, their life, burn.
"Uh," he says, holding the phone out gingerly. "I think you've got a text."
"Anytime. How's the missus?"
Sam snorts. “Then what, Dean? I’ve fucked up! Is that what you want to hear? Do you want an itemized apology? We fucked up, over and over, and Chuck screwed with our heads and our lives and it doesn’t even matter because those were still our choices. I’ve hurt you, and damn it, man, you’ve hurt me. So, what, do we just keep doing this forever? I know I’ve messed up, but it’s not like you’ve never made a mistake.”
“Yeah. Yeah, let’s go home.”
Dean tips back his head and laughs. It's short, but genuine, and he's still shaking his head, smiling, when he stops.
There is nothing Dean can say to that except "Why?" Dean hears his own voice breaking. "Why would he do that? I'm not… he can't have…"
"They're the child of an angel and a human. Very rare, very frowned upon by Heaven. Jack was born three years ago, and nephilim grow up quick in some ways, but we've kind of been raising him in other ways."
"Well ain't that a treat. What can I get you, dears?" Rhonda takes their order and pours them both coffee. Dean's still grinning when she leaves, looking around the grungy diner with nostalgia. Everything is the same, from Rhonda's slightly southern twang to the smell of frying fat to the chipped yellow paint on the walls.
Uhhh. Yep.
Sam doesn't answer for a moment. "Yeah, in a manner of speaking, it was."
"I know."
Dean." Sam makes a face. "Okay, I heard it, you don't have to tell me I sound like a chick-flick. But you know what I mean."
Older Dean mutters something under his breath, but he heads off to the kitchen. Jack gets up and follows him. Dean hesitates for a moment, but Sam and Cas are already deep in discussion about etymology and anachronisms, so he trails after older Dean and Jack too.
Sam slumps back into his seat as John comes out of the motel room, bag slung over his shoulder.
Dean shrugs and turns back to the fridge, trying to decide if he should start with his leftover chicken parmesan or just go straight for his remaining slices of pie. "Whatever. Maybe this timeline's got me living til forty, but I'm not banking on that for me. I'm not even supposed to be here right now, kinda makes me even more worthless than I was in my own time."
Sam looks a little guilty as he finally turns off the stove top and sits down next to Eileen, a bowl of salad and half a sandwich in front of him.
Sean catches the bottle, turning it over in his hands and looking down at the floor as a blush creeps across his face. "Sorry," he says to the floorboards. "We didn't think the clinic was that far."
"Dean," Sam says, and then he stops. The silence feels ominous, even in the dark of Dean's closed eyelids. "Charlie called yesterday. She found some cursed art forum stuff for us, and info from one of the previous dealers of the vase. Looks like we got it wrong about Cerodicus being trapped inside it. It seems like he's actually bound to the vase itself. If we can perform a binding spell on him, just a normal spell, binding him back up should fix the vase and he'll be trapped again. We won't need to use Jack's powers."
Dean raises his beer to Bobby and they clink bottles. Dean is still grinning as he downs his. There are still things to figure out in this new Heaven. There are still people to find. There’s still Sam to watch over. But that will come. For the moment, there is just the Heaven he’s never believed he deserved.
Sam can see a light from under the closed door to the library where Cas, and probably Jack, are holed up. Which explains why neither of them came running at the sound of screams. The blessing and danger of semi-soundproof walls.
Jack glances at younger Dean, then back to Sam and he says, hesitantly, "I think it helped. I'm going to go take a shower now. There was a lot of sand."
Sam grimaces. "Okay. Okay. Well, it's a really long story, but I… thought you were dead. Cas too. You'd killed this monster together, they're called Leviathan, but… don't worry about it, it's not important for now. When it died, it got sucked back into, um, this dimension where monsters go when they die. And it took you and Cas there with it."
Dean's shoulders tense and he turns his face back to the fight in front of them, Dean pinning Cas to the ground, Cas holding on to his wrist, looking up at him with blood in his mouth.
There's a lot Dean likes about being retired, actually. All of the things he suspected he might like about life, in fact, that he'd never had time for or never been allowed to have. The just-living parts. Like when Dean and Cas went to the humane society in Cheyenne and came back with both Captain and Earp. Dean had never really expected to own a dog, but then the loss of Miracle hit him hard and he'd been thinking about it since. Cas, of course, would have taken the whole pound home, but Dean had negotiated him down to two. Not that it mattered, because when Cas found Yarrow on the side of the road a month later, with no collar or microchip and half an ear missing, Dean couldn't say no.
Dean can’t help laughing - a short bark devoid of humor. “Buddy, you got no idea,” he says.
Which is to say - the ending here is not The Ending and I hope if you enjoy this fic that you will read on!
Sam opens the link from Charlie’s email. “‘Man dies from puncture to the heart in Rockledge. Authorities suspect foul play.’ And it says here that forensics indicate the object was wooden, possibly an arrow, although none were found at the scene. But get this, the dealer came to try and scoop the vase back up before it could go to auction and the wife of the guy who died swears that it was in pieces the week before. No one ever called about getting it put back together, but it was completely whole, not even a crack in it.
Seeing it all stitched together like that, it's not fair. Dean didn't ask for this. He didn't ask to see the worst patterns of his life stripped bare and laid out before him. Maybe he's just a fool to think anyone could ever stay.
Sam's mouth opens slightly and his eyes go wide. "Oh. You didn't… did you?" He gestures vaguely, ludicrously, at around crotch height.
Dean didn’t even complain, just lay there with his still outstretched hands clenched together.
Dean tries to settle in his room, but he can't concentrate on reading, can't stand looking at his phone, can't even think about sleeping. He cleans his guns, although they don't need it. He flips through his albums, but nothing sounds right, nothing will reach that spot in him that needs release. It's anger or self-hatred or both, and Dean wants to punch things or get punched. He's so tightly wound he feels like anything could snap him and he just… he needs…
"Not sure now is the moment for you of all people to be trying to tell me that," present-day Dean says.
The song hasn’t gone anywhere. It wells up so fast and heavy in Dean’s head that he feels nearly bowled over by it. He clenches his hands on Cas’ shoulders and really tries to collaborate with him, hot and hard now.
"Yeah, well, strange reunions do happen." Dean flashes a grin at his brother. "Man, so I've got fifteen years of music and movies to catch up on, huh?"
“Good. I wanted to catch you alone for a sec.” Sam runs a hand through his hair, which he stubbornly refuses to cut above shoulder length. “How did therapy go?”
"He's a friend. I… he filled out the form for me."
“Bullshit, Cas. I ain’t… I’m not trying to pull you away from him by saying this, alright? But you don’t deserve the shit he puts you through. I hate that that’s what I become.”
Older Dean shrugs. He pulls a chopping board from somewhere and hands it to Dean. “Here. You can do the onions as penance.”
, you're not going to California in August. What's your plan here, Sam? You're going to leave your family? You're just going to go off to some Ivy League and pretend like you don't know what goes bump in the night? There's no walking away from this life, there's no pretending not to see. Your job is here with us, protecting people. You think you can just give that up for what, a degree? Doing keg stands at frat parties? Some white-picket fence American dream? None of that is real, Sam. None of that means anything."
A century is a long time.
Sam is silent for a long time. Dean thinks that he's letting Dean be, but apparently he's working on putting together some words himself because he heaves a deep breath and begins, faltering.
“Yeah. Yeah, I know.”
"For how… how long?" The question is strained.
Cas gives him a small smile. They’re still holding hands. Jack doesn’t seem to think this is odd at all. It’s Kansas, so Dean
Dean stops himself from snorting with only a modicum of effort. He’s trying to mock Sam less about the things that matter. Not, like, his hair or whatever, that’s always going to be fair brotherly game. But love and child-raising and faith. Dean’s trying to let Sam just have those.
"Hey." Younger Dean pats at the hand covering his wound weakly. "S'okay. Really. S'okay, Cas. You can let me go."
His face is way too close to Dean's face, but Dean doesn't move.
Sam blinks at him some more and then he stands, and in a few short strides he's crushing Dean into a hug.
They didn't understand that just because a creature lives in the water, just because it might have scales and fins and taste like brine, it didn't mean their insides or their history or their DNA was the same.
Sam shrugs. The technical answer is no, it wasn't urgent except that it was immediate to Sam's own peace of mind to make sure Dean wasn't dead in a ditch somewhere.
Dean slams on the brake, yanking the car over to the shoulder as they come to a screeching halt. He has just enough presence of mind to throw the Impala into park before he is wrenching himself out of the vehicle.
Dean hasn’t forgotten what Cas said six years ago, when they were kneeling in a field watching another version of Dean die. Dean hasn’t forgotten about Jonathan and David, about a covenant between souls.
"Do you want us to have any customers?"
Cas is silent where he stands behind him, looming over his shoulder like the watchful guardian that he is.
“Oh shut up,” older Dean says. His shoulders are tense. “Look. It might not even come to it. Sammy’s a wizard at figuring out how to reverse-engineer a cure for this kind of shit. But -”
Dean drinks the first bottle quickly, begrudging to admit that it tastes fine. It's not his favorite, but it'll do.
"I think that having to see yourself at twenty-six is fucking with your head," Sam says. "And I get that. It would fuck with anyone. I think it's making you confront the truth of your past and think about how much you didn't deserve all of the shit that we've been through. Because you wouldn't want him to go through it all, right? Not now that you've met yourself, that you have to see yourself as a person. And that's gotta be brutal, man. Not just to think about what you were like before me and dad and Hell, and everything, but to see all the shit you'd already gone through. I mean, we never talk about it, you won't let us talk about it, but everything dad put you through…"
“Dean,” Cas interrupts, “there’s nothing you can do.”
Cas glances away, gaze landing on the open book in front of him. He cocks his head slightly. When he speaks, it’s slow and thoughtful. “Vampire… pirates.”
His stomach rumbles quietly. Lunch felt like forever ago.
," he says it in a tone of voice that implies he can't understand why, "then I'll do it."
Sam frowns. Something was going on with Cas.
Maybe he’s overthinking it, but it feels like more than just that.
Castiel nods, feeling a sort of humorless amusement at the statement. He watches Dean relax infinitesimally at the gesture.
Dean frowns, darting a glance at the kitchen entryway. “You think he’s still working?”
“Hey, no,” Sam says immediately. “Listen, Cas, it’s not your job to protect us.”
“Did you find some records that said that’ll work?” Sam asks patiently, knowing what the actual answer was likely to be. As expected, Dean doesn’t respond, lips pressed thin into a pout, and drops his hand with a quiet
Crowley opens his mouth, intending to deflect and needle Castiel instead as he normally would, but what comes out instead is, “I have.”
For all that Dean was the one who had been griping about being hungry; he and Cas end up being the last ones to trail into the kitchen.
“You want some help with that?” Sam says after a few seconds of watching Dean’s losing fight with the flour tin.
he was Grumpy Male Model dude’s friend. Possibly even the same guy who’d been with him the other day.
“There’s some notes here,” Dean mutters, squinting to make sense of the chicken scratch handwriting.
Cas glances aside before meeting Dean’s eyes. “I don’t know.”
Dean shrugs. “Kinda? But what’s the use askin’ me? Not like I’d know which one it is just cuz you give me options.”
"So, what are you? Van Helsing, witch hunter?"
It’s not that he doesn’t trust the guy, more like he didn’t like the fact that Cas had managed to inherit the Winchester’s magnet for trouble somewhere along the way. Just this once, he hopes that magnet had become faulty.
you for anything. Did I say something to make you think that?”
“Are you going to?”
It's late one evening during the following week when Sam gets a call from Garth.
Dean purses his lips, expression uncomfortable. Crowley raises a brow.
“I don’t know how you go about getting your jollies, Cas, but I don’t make a habit of prancing around in my birthday suit in front of a teenage prophet, my sort of sister, and my
“Oh?” Cas says, glancing at where Charlie’s still handing out presents.
Kevin surreptitiously hides his flask behind his back. It’s his only ticket of staying out of this weirdness in the foreseeable future.
Dean frowns but relents, handing over half the paper towels to Cas. Better to avoid shutting him out more than he already has and actually make him suspicious; he’s been lucky so far that Cas hasn’t caught on to his avoidance tactics.
“We’ll see about that,” Sam replies, grinning.
Aaaaand that's the end of that.
Rick huffs, rolling his eyes.
he thinks. “How’re things looking?”
“Thanks, sweetheart,” Dean says, raising his own mug up. If she was going to pretend nothing happened, he was going to take it for the metaphorical lifesaver that it was.
He quickly maneuvers around an elderly lady to turn the cart around and heads towards where Cas is still standing. Parking the cart and Dean a few feet away, he heads over to Cas, crouching a bit once he’s close enough. “Hey buddy, you found something you like?”
“Clothes, right. We’ll go get them. Right now. C’mon guys,” Sam chokes out, trying to hold in his laughter. He grabs onto the sleeve of Charlie’s hoodie to drag her along, the both of them practically tripping over their own feet in their haste to leave the room.
“Dean.” He sighs. He’s grateful that there’s hardly anyone in the shop at the moment to watch the embarrassing play that is his life.
He’s in the middle of rifling through the shelves, skimming for any book or file with the Men of Letters insignia in the hopes of finding more records when Cas passes by, arms full of books and the odd box or two. He pauses, staring at Sam curiously. “You seem frustrated.”
Maybe they’d all laugh about it over a couple of beers when things were back to normal. Well, Sam would laugh, Kevin too probably. His brother and Cas would probably be glaring at him and sputtering over their beers if he timed things right.
Dean scowls, arms crossed. “That’s not how it works.”
“What’s-” he starts to say, straightening up, when he suddenly realizes that no, the cat comment didn’t stay inside his head where it was
Before he can work himself up into a panic, the kids wander back into the living room, arms full of clothes. More specifically, Dean seemed to be dragging what looked to be his own pair of jeans slung over one shoulder while struggling to hold onto a pair of shoes with his small fist while sulking at the back of Cas’ head. Meanwhile, Cas had his arms full with the remainder of their clothes as well as another pair of shoes in a precarious grip.
One of the patrons suddenly laughs loudly, momentarily diverting Dean’s attention. Gabriel uses the opportunity to give him a pointed look while Dean is distracted. He gets the feeling that Gabriel is trying to telepathically tell him to
Dean seems to read something in the silence or in his expression and rolls his eyes, angling his head towards the fridge. “The casserole’s still pretty hot if you wanna risk it; otherwise there’s leftovers in the fridge. Take your pick.”
Like it’s obvious. Dean’s brain has officially flat-lined.
“I kept getting a scratchy feeling in my throat like I wanna hack or cough sometimes but… what?” Dean trails off, catching Sam’s frown.
set something off, huh? Ever thought of that?”
Cas smiles at him then, though it wobbles. There’s the beginning of tears in his eyes and it’s a sucker punch to Dean’s gut, because he’s never seen
Sam realizes a few days later that he might have been optimistic a bit too soon when the weather starts to take a turn for the worse. Unfortunately for him, he discovers this as he’s heading out of a shop in town. He makes a break for the car, but by the time he reaches it, he’s already drenched.
“I know, Dean,” Cas says tiredly. He doesn’t look up. “You don’t have to say anything. We can move on as if it never happened.”
Studiously ignoring the jackrabbit pace of his heart, he looks back up and meets Cas’ eyes, watching them widen as he leans in. He feels the press of Cas' eternally chapped lips and the shocked little exhale before he responds; it’s everything and nothing like Dean's imagined because it’s
“Hey, buddy, what’re you doing under there?” Sam asks, moving to squat down in front of him.
A month and change had already passed them by without a solution in sight – by this point, it’s pretty unlikely that they’ll magically ‘poof’ themselves back to normal, but having one more person looking feels like marginal progress at least.
Crowley spreads the items out on his desk, glancing between them curiously.
“Dean and I went for a supply run this morning and stopped at the gas station on our way back.” He doesn’t notice Sam’s brows hiking up, intent on watching his own steps as he is. “I decided to go into the Gas-n-Sip while Dean was occupied to get some snacks Kevin had asked for and the cashier flirted with me when I went to pay for them.”
“You never said anything before.”
“I can feel you staring at me.”
“Did I interrupt something?” he asks, straightening up.
“I’d like to try.”
No, better to deflect instead of risking being compelled to divulge more than he’d like. Let the Winchesters continue to deal with it.
It’s almost uncomfortably quiet the closer he gets to the kitchen. Either they’d gotten over the shouting stage or were talking like normal adults. Or, just as likely, sending loaded looks at each other instead of talking while Dean continues to stress cook his nerves away and pretend everything is fine. At the rate he’s been going, they’d have enough food to last them the rest of the month easily.
“What?” Kevin says, looking up from his phone. He turns around and comes face to face with an alpaca, serenely chewing at the strip of his shirt it had managed to tear off.
Sam would definitely not have asked.
“Dean,” Sam said again, with the same voice he used when Jude was having a temper tantrum. “If you fail a class, you can just take it again. This is college. This isn’t life or death, man. Failing one course, it sucks, sure, but this isn’t all or nothing. You’re allowed to do it over if you really need to.”
How could he forget about this?
Cas is Death. A caring, compassionate Death. A Death who will love and cherish every human soul that he reaps. A Death who is God’s father, and God’s friend. A Death who loves humanity with everything that is in him.
Now-Dean's chest aches all the harder, but his stomach stops roiling with anxiety.
*Upfront Content Warning* This chapter is about trauma, including childhood emotional, physical, and sexual abuse. Nothing is terribly graphic, but it is pretty explicitly named.
"Well I'm telling you. We've got time this time -"
"I mean it. You… better… fix it." He doesn't wait for Dean to respond to this. Younger Dean turns his head toward Cas, reaching for his free hand and Cas takes it, caught between both of them now.
Dean finishes his coffee before Jack is done with his cereal, and claps him on the shoulder as he heads out of the room. It will have to do.
Sam laughs - it's startled, more of a guffaw than a giggle, but it's nearly as delighted as his son's laughter. It nearly breaks now-Dean's heart all over again. He hadn't realized how long it's been since he heard Sam laugh like that. How heavy his expression has been for years now. "I did not."
Older Dean rubs his forehead. He seems caught somewhere between exasperated and flustered. “You don’t just… you don’t tell random people that someone’s a lesbian.”
Anyway, y'all, I asked my friend who is a college art history teacher if she had any fun facts about Ancient Greece and I cannot begin to tell you how fucking funny I find the "herm or herma" style of sculpture. CW for artistic depiction of genitalia, but I recommend looking it up if you want a laugh.
“Huh, sounds hot,” Dean says without thinking.
Dean tries very hard to tell himself that he doesn't think it's cool. It gets a bit easier when his older self points the weapon at him and says "Stay with Sam, hear? Do not go off by yourself, I do not want to pull your ass out of the fire if you get in over your head."
"Dirty, filthy hunters. I'm gonna drink deep from you, boy."
"I'll be back when I can."
He can't believe he's asking a retired angel about the desires of an elephant, but hey. His life is fucking crazy.
The last one ends in several seconds of near silence, but Dean can hear the breathing on the other end of the line, can imagine his older self holding a phone up to his ear, trying to think of words that aren't desperate. He hangs up without saying anything else, and nothing else from the voice-mailbox is particularly interesting.
maybe dad wouldn’t have left them so much. Like maybe it was all on him, and Dean just kept failing.
"It's fruit, Cas, not really a two person job." Dean doesn't look at him. He fishes for his keys and stalks out without saying anything to his younger self.
“We should talk,” he says finally, tiredly, running a hand through his hair.
"Cas, I'm not… I don't…" Dean wants to say that he doesn't deserve that First Corinthians kind of love. Afterall, they are in literal Heaven, with nothing to lose, nothing to fear, and Dean still can't say it back. He doesn't know why, really. He'd thought Heaven would have fixed him, but some things are slow healing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas hadn’t spoken during the interview and he’s frowning off into the distance now, looking out past the muggy gray sky. “I don’t think we should burn the bones,” he says.
"Because it doesn't have anything to do with this!" Dean snaps. "Or whatever you think this is."
There will be things left to do, of course. There’s still Baby Dean and Eileen to watch for. There’s the plot of land next door to Dean’s that he’s been saving for Sam. He thought about putting in the foundation before Sam got here, but he wanted them to work on it together. They’ll build a house from the bones up, get it ready for Sam and his family. There’s still Sam’s relationship with their parents to mend. There’s still Cas, who won’t be coming home for a while. But these things will come. Dean can wait. There’s nothing but time.
"Cas, I…"
“Nerd angel,” Dean muttered under his breath.
It's only when Dean makes himself look up that Cas seems to shake himself out of his own shock.
Cas looks sleepy and warm on the couch and Dean finds himself deflating. Dean had a couch and a bed set delivered before they got there, but they’re going to have to do a lot more work to make the place feel lived in. They don’t have curtains yet, or other furniture, or nearly enough throw pillows and blankets to satisfy Cas’ odd, somewhat grandmotherly aesthetic.
Dean doesn't know how to feel about Cas wanting to protect fourteen-year-old Dean from John. Four-year-old Dean was one thing, but he's a teenager here. He's not helpless.
It was like the part of Dean's brain or heart or whatever that processed his emotions just kind of went away, and Dean was left on autopilot.
“When we get rid of God, we’re going to therapy,” he says.
Dean wanted it too, somewhere deep, deep down where he didn’t acknowledge. The drinking, now that it wasn’t smoothing over the active hardships of hunting, had begun to feel a bit excessive - a bit shameful, even.
Dean, at eight, at thirteen, at fourteen, had been making the choices that he thought he had to, the only choices that he thought he could. Dean had taken it all on and he'd never told anyone and he'd never complained. Outside, looking in, Dean knows he was just a kid doing the best he could with what he'd been given. He'd been aiming for survival, and he'd gotten himself and Sammy there, hadn't he?
"Good."
Cas is just more proof of that. More proof that somehow, something about Dean Winchester is fundamentally poisonous, destructive, fatal.
But then, Dean thinks, as he lays Cas down there on the couch, as he settles between Cas' warm, strong thighs and kisses him sweet and breathless, it was never going to be anyone but Cas for him.
"I'm not saying we leave the life entirely, but I think… I know it's not gonna be easy, but isn't part of the point that Chuck couldn't think up an ending for us that let us leave and just… live? And I think I want to live, man." Sam takes a shaky breath.
Dean took a moment to answer. Cas waited. He could always wait.
is becoming vaguely recognizable. Eileen, who can’t hear it anyway, is out in the gazebo with him, their occasional laughter between keys floating back to where Dean and Sam sit on the back steps.
"Complicated," Eileen says for him. "Way too complicated."
There is softness in the lines around his eyes that wasn't there before.
Dean's voice abandoned him. He hadn't even processed what had just happened with Graves. A moment before, his stomach had been warm with whiskey and mutual admiration. Now he felt flushed with guilt and shame.
Dean grimaces. He still feels shaky and not altogether there - that post panic attack drop dragging him down to the earth. “Yeah, well, that makes one of us.”
“Eileen bought it for me.” Sam says this as if it explains something, and Dean decides that whatever the inside joke is here, he doesn’t need to know.
Cas sees the first door and frowns, taking in the X and the way the wood of the door is streaked with black burns, the way the handle is smeared with soot.
"Jack is… he's kind of our kid. It's another very long story, but, basically, yeah, he's our kid - technically he's been alive for three years, but he's got the body of a twenty-six-year-old and the mentality of maybe, like, sixteen. Do you know what nephilim are?"
