, which had immediately turned on May's maternal instincts. Happy had told him what he knew, and May would never forget looking up when the ex-boxer had finished. She had looked straight into the brown eyes of her boy, which had been glazed over with tears. He had turned around and ran up to his room, slamming the door shut behind him. It had taken two whole hours to before the tears had stopped, and he still hadn't let go of his aunt.
echoed around in his head. He decided it was just in a friendly matter and he quickly grabbed his backpack and sprinted up the stairs. This was one of the most surprising things he'd seen in his life, and he'd seen aliens attack New York.
Tony dropped his hand, sighing deeply before straightening up and giving Peter a smile that was so fake, Peter only grew more worried.
"Tony, look at me," he said softly. Tony's chocolate eyes met his, the boy's shoulders hunched and trying to make himself as small as possible. "I'm not mad at you, Tony. I swear, nothing between us has to change. I wouldn't want this to get in the way of our friendship, Tony. And just because I don't love you in the same way you love me, doesn't mean we can't love each other at all. It's alright if you want to take some time to figure out your feelings, Tony, and I will too. But you can come to me anytime, okay? Promise me you will?"
I wanted to look over the notes. Not you
"...eve, Steve!" Natasha's voice finally filtered through as she started pulling him away as medical arrived. But Steve was still looking at Tony's slowly paling face, gently closing the man's eyes, hating the way his body felt unnaturally limp in his arms. He thought back to all the times he'd picked up a sleeping Tony, who always seemed to curl into his warmth. Now, that same man was in his arms again, but he didn't curl into him. He didn't sleepily open his eyes to give him a goofy smile. He didn't even breathe out in a content sigh like he always did.
FIRST OFF IM SO SORRY FOR DISAPPEARING
"It means I get angry sometimes, and I do things I normally wouldn't do. I yell sometimes or break things."
"Oh," he said intelligently, blinking up at the door and the shiny letters saying 'Principal Fury'. Bruce knocked on the door, and Tony was surprised to see Ms. Hill when it opened. She looked at Bruce in silent question, who redirected her gaze to a fidgeting Tony.
"Hm?" Steve hummed in response, his hands carding through Tony's hair, mindful of the injury on the man's head.
"Hey, you okay?" Steve asked the younger teen gently. Tony shook his head.
"It's very impressive, Tony. But how come you don't speak English?" He changed the subject slightly. Tony seemed grateful for the change.
"Thanks," Steve said, positively beaming. "They're a specialty."
"Nah, you're jus' terrible at this game," Bucky shrugged, nodding towards Clint's full hands and showing off his three remaining cards. Clint growled. He was clearly going to say something back when Tony interrupted, spreading his arms out over the table.
"Help, a super soldier is trying to kill me!" He yelled, wriggling in Steve's grip, which accomplished nothing except for Steve tightening his grip again. After a moment, Tony gave in.
"No, of course not," Steve agreed with a smile, serving him a generous amount of pancakes. Tony prodded at the stack with his fork.
Steve looked up at the voice of his best friend, only to get hit square in the face by a paper ball.
"Well, I don't know about you guys, but I am exhausted. And hungry. I'll get the snacks, you two lovebirds put in a Disney movie, and we'll fall asleep on the couch, which we will regret in the morning."
"Tony, how did this happen?" He asked as gently as he could, trying not to show how angry he was feeling inside. Tony just shook his head and didn't elaborate. Steve was going to say more when the doctor took him aside.
It was only when Steve did, too, that he noticed the big, ugly scar running over the young boy's chest, still red and painful. He and the doctor spoke in hushed tones about it so Steve couldn't hear what they were saying. He retreated into his own thoughts.
the teenager thought.
"What was that?" Steve said in the same, motherly voice, just to irritate his friend.
Peter uttered a soft "sorry" that didn't sound remorseful at all as he jumped out of the car. Tony followed quickly, Steve supporting most of his weight as he was still dizzy, and he'd downright refused the wheelchair.
Tony looked confused for a second until their lips touched, and he didn't hesitate to kiss back. The secret kiss could have lasted for hours, were it not for the fast footsteps in the hall coming towards them. They quickly pulled back, Steve winking to the smaller man once more before his face disappeared behind his newspaper again.
Yes, it seemed her nephew was in good hands.
"Morning," Tony replied. He came closer, looking in the pan Steve was holding to see what he was making. "What that?"
"Steve!" The young boy called again. Steve quickened his pace. "Steve?"
Steve nodded.
He dreamt of ice-cold water, even colder, dark eyes and slurred curses, broken bottles, and flashing cameras. He dreamt of pain, fear, and sorrow. He traveled from one nightmare into the other, witnessing horrifying memories that he'd so blissfully forgotten.
, and you want me to
"I thought so," Bruce winked. "Would you like to help me set the table?"
Oh no.
"I know you, don't I?" He asked sadly. Steve nodded, swallowing dryly. "I'm sorry," Tony muttered, his eyes drifting down to look at his fidgeting fingers. "I just woke up here, and I didn't remember anything. Doctor said it was temporary, but still..." He trailed off, his voice sounding tight and vulnerable.
Steve opened his eyes, looking down at Tony in his arms.
"I- I just wanted to say... I'm sorry." Steve seemed to fully deflate. Something in Tony's iron gaze softened, though he tried not to let it show. "I realize what I said was wrong, Tony. You are an Avenger just as much as I am. I had no right to tell you otherwise. I'm sorry I snapped."
"Tony..." Steve couldn't say more. Couldn't get the words past his lips. Couldn't bear the possibility that Tony might confirm what he was so scared was the truth. Tony laid a gentle hand on his arm, looking him directly in the eye.
Cap's voice sounded over the comms.
"He's walking Hulk right now. He was really shaken up, Steve. He was ready to leave, he was packing his bags when I came in."
"Holy shit dude, I have so much to show you!"
Steve sighed, putting his newspaper aside as he approached his friend in the hospital bed.
If you'd like, hit me up on
"Yeah. They say Venice is city of love, but I no knowing what is love. I mean, Jarvis say he love me, and Ana. But that is different. I mean
He blinked. Blinked again. Shook his head. He smiled back at Tony, pushing down the funny feeling in his stomach. Maybe he'd eaten something wrong today.
"Did-did I say that out loud?" Peter asked shocked.
As I noted at the beginning of this chapter, I'm going to be writing a lot more here. If you have any ideas I can (try to) write, make sure to tell me!
"Hi," he said back.
"Come on, Tony. I'll drive you." Tony jumped off the bed, happy to go with Steve, even if it was to a hospital, which was definitely not a fun place for Tony.
"Good point,"
important work."
hours, the door opened, showing a man in medical clothing.
"Really, Capsicle?" He mumbled.
"Friday? Um, can you, uh, could you take me to the lab? Please?" He muttered.
"Aye aye, Captain," he whispered before placing a quick, gentle kiss on the soldier's lips. The smaller man gave Steve a mischievous smile before jogging up the stairs, leaving the super soldier with his thoughts and Tony's taste on his lips.
I can't believe how many people already like this book, I'm blown away! Thanks a lot for everyone reading, keep commenting and thanks for so many kudos already!
"As soon as the doctors discharge you," Steve said sternly, all too used to Tony sneaking out of medical prematurely. Tony groaned dramatically as he leaned back into the pillows, looking exactly like the Tony Stark they all knew and loved.
Tony protested weakly, although he barely got a word out of his mouth before he was coughing again, leaning into Steve in exhaustion.
"All yours, captain,"
"E Loki is a un po 'spaventoso- um, scaredy. But he nice, too."
"What... just happened,"
"Steve?" He croaked softly, blinking his eyes back into focus. He saw Steve's relieved face staring back at him, holding his hands firmly but gently in his own. They weren't strange hands. His eyes weren't the dark, threatening orbs of his scattered memories. His words weren't slurred and painful towards him. He looked worried, and he seemed to care. Of course he cared. It was
"Oh, I'm, uh, I'm Steve."
Tony chucked one of Peter's snacks at his head, which the archer, sadly, dodged.
"Yes!" Steve yelled. "Tony, if the team doesn't know what reckless thing you're going to do next, we can't rely on you!"
"But doesn't he need my help?" Steve said, perking up as an idea formed in his head.
"Your mind? What is wrong with your mind?" He asked, not understanding what the other boy was talking about. Bruce laughed.
I hope you enjoy it anyway XD
"No," Tony stated. The doctor looked confused.
"What? No! I mean, not that you wouldn't make a great dad-" he backtracked, face flushing red. "And I mean, it's not like I would mind, or anything. But I'm not, like, your son or anything. You don't have kids, I don't have a dad, you said once you never wanted to be one because your own was so bad, although I think you'd be a
Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy!
"Hey, there's no need to explain yourself to us," Steve interrupted once again. "Now, let's get Ana checked out, hm?" Tony seemed a bit hesitant, but Steve quickly reassured him. "Don't worry, you can come with me."
"You could have compromised the mission!"
Tony looked up from his phone and at the animal shelter before looking back down, repeating the action several times before deciding this must be it. It didn't look like much, barely standing out from the other buildings in the street. It looked cozy, but also like it hadn't changed since the forties, looking old-fashioned. When he opened the door, he was surprised to hear a cheery bell ring above his head.
"Good morning to you too, Clint," he said cheerily. The young man rolled his eyes, mumbling something under his breath before shuffling back out, most likely to refill his cup. Steve shook his head fondly before turning back to the task at hand.
"YES!" Tony shouted excitedly, beaming at Bruce. "That is awesome! Real great! Now, who is Hulk?"
"What?" He couldn't help but ask. Tony still didn't look up, rubbing at his face as he wracked his brain to a way to avoid this conversation.
When Tony woke he was soaked in sweat, a scream on his lips. His chest heaved, his eyes unseeing as he sat up in bed, his body shaking.
Tony held his limp left hand up for her to see, supporting it with his right hand.
he told the empty room, determination steeling his voice. He marched over to his room, shut the door, and, after a brief moment of hesitation, twisted the lock. He fished his laptop out of his bag and set down behind his desk. In the search bar, he typed:
" he said softly. It sounded like he was praising his dog, but Bucky wasn't exactly an expert in Italian. The man dislodged himself from Bucky's hold, ears turning red in embarrassment. "Sorry about that," he said softly, avoiding their eyes.
"What's all the excitement about?" Happy asked when Peter jumped into the car, bumping his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Please, Tony. Can't we talk about this?"
"Please, no kill me..." Tony peeped out. Peter's eyes turned comically wide.
"W- because, because you- and I-" Hands flailing about, Peter tried to convey just how much Tony should be yelling at him right now, but the words wouldn't come. He sighed, eyes stinging with fresh tears as they leaked slowly down his cheeks. "Because I hurt you," he whispered, the lump in his throat almost painful. In response, Tony only hugged him again.
"I'm sorry," Tony whispered. Peter blinked.
"See you tomorrow, kid," was the last Peter heard before his mentor disappeared behind a corner. Peter made a little victory dance at that, skipping towards the elevator to take him downstairs.
"Tony? Tony, it's me, Steve. Tony, can you look at me please?"
When dinner was ready and everyone was seated somewhat around the dinner table (everyone had dinner in this dorm instead of in their own rooms), Tony abandoned his usual spot next to Steve, instead opting to sit down further away.
"I mean, come on. You've been here for what, three months now? Shouldn't you know this stuff by now? It's so simple!" Steve snapped, turning around to face him.
"I'm out," Loki said suddenly, laying his last card on the table and showing his empty hands with a smirk.
"JARVIS, please let me in?" Steve tried again. He'd already tried his override codes, but none had worked.
"She likes me," he said softly, shuddering slightly.
Steve chuckled as he tried to get Tony to let go of him.
"You worry too much," dr. Erskine smiled softly. "From what I can tell and from what you've told me, Miss. Carter, he's a strong boy. Give him some credit."
An idea sparked in his head, and he brightened up, racing down the hall and to the elevator before deciding the stairs were faster. Storming into his apartment, he grabbed his boombox from where it had been collecting dust in a corner. He knew exactly what song to play.
. I'm Tony."
"Hey, man!" Peter greeted him as he dropped in his chair beside him. "I haven't seen you in a few days, were you sick? Are you feeling better now? When's the cast coming off, by the way?" Peter rambled on, and Tony was happy to note that he understood his rambles much better than he used to. Pride filled his chest as he listened to Peter talk, barely struggling to follow. "Is it true Steve yelled at you like that? If so, I can talk to him if you want. Give him a piece of my mind. I definitely have some things to say to him. Then again, he's a lot bigger than me. He could totally beat me up. Do you think he'd beat me up? I heard Natasha Romanov talked to him. I bet that was punishment enough on its own. She scares me. I think she scares everyone. Do you think she's a secret agent? She could totally be a secret agent. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm rambling again," Peter cut himself off, cheeks heating up as he scratched his neck awkwardly.
"I'm bored," he stated simply. To anyone else that would've sounded like a 5-year-old but not to Steve. The soft way in which his teammate spoke was enough to tell that it was really bothering him. "I want to work, I want to
The sound of someone clearing their throat behind Steve snapped the two of them out of their daze, both a bit embarrassed (though Steve didn't let go of Tony's hand and Tony didn't seem to mind). May looked at them fondly, mirth sparkling in her eyes.
Tony didn't seem to fully understand but he didn't protest when Steve put a protective arm around his shoulders and gently guided him towards the doors. Steve kept softly talking to him as it seemed to calm the boy down, even if he didn't understand.
"Good," Tony beamed. "I like too. It really fun. But I can no do it in Italy, mia madre no like it. Say I will blow up house." He smiled cheekily.
"Don't like noise, Steve. Don't like," Tony whispered, one hand desperately clinging onto Steve's shirt.
"Well, it seems I have good tastes," Tony grinned cheekily, causing Steve to give a full laugh, relief at seeing that Tony was going to be okay making him slightly giddy.
Steve closed his eyes, the feeling of past events replaying in his mind as tears rolled down his cheeks. What if he didn't wake up this time? What if that small pulse just gave out and Tony was-
"Impressive?" Tony repeated, confused.
Also, I am not giving up on this fic, don't worry. I've been sick for 2/3 weeks, and now that it's finally vacation I'm still busy, but I decided to give you all this small chapter cuz I really didn't want to leave you hanging. It probably has a lot of mistakes but it's late and I wanna go to bed, so I hope it's not too bad.
The rest came home just when they were making dinner- or rather, Steve was making dinner and Tony was trying to help out by clumsily cutting vegetables with his one good hand. Everyone dumped themselves on the couches and chairs. Only Natasha and Bucky stopped to notice the fact that Tony wasn't eagerly leaning into Steve's space like he usually did.
Tony seemed to understand their confusion and tried again.
, like... like people kissing on the boats."
Peter's cheerful look was replaced by a frown and a hint of worry.
Although, money would be nice, too.
like to be called dumb.
"Ana," Tony called, walking into his living room with a slight frown. "Ana, are you here?" He got no response and his worry grew. Ana was his service dog and an absolute sweetheart. She always stuck to him like a shadow, a constant grounding presence. He remembered falling asleep last night with the dog snugly against his side. When he'd woke up that morning, however, Ana wasn't there.
"I really am so,
dog, and oh, God, he couldn't lose her-
"Tony," Steve said in a warning voice. Tony gave Peter a look.
"Wait, have I said things out loud before?"
Steve's blood ran cold. He could hear Peter's horrified gasp and some muttered words of shock from May behind him. He managed to nod at the doctor, his face pale and hands shaking before he went into the room.
"Look," Steve started kindly. "I'm not going to force you into talking, okay? If you don't want to tell me about the noise, then that's okay. I'm not going to push for it. But I do want you to know that if you need someone to just, well, lean on, I'm here, okay? I'm here to listen, or to just be a friend if you don't want to talk."
Tony avoided her gaze, wiping his eyes as he hiccuped softly.
"No problem," Nat winked. "Do us all a favor though; don't make him scared. None of us want to lose him."
"Steve, it's- it's cold," he croaked weakly. Steve gently wiped the tear away with his thumb, smiling down at the small-looking figure in his arms.
"Well, you get this really nice feeling whenever you look at them or even think of them," Steve explained with a soft smile. "You feel what they call butterflies in your stomach. It's a funny feeling you get that lets you know you're in love with them. They make you happy, give you a warm feeling. They just make you feel great."
okay.." he said softly. Clint furrowed his brows and crouched down in front of him, lifting his chin until Peter's eyes went from his shoes to meet the archer's eyes.
"I- I'm sorry," he stammered. Natasha scoffed.
"Hey," he greeted, his voice cracking a bit.
"Na-ah," he said, his hands in front of him in a defensive mode. "Ain't happening, mister,"
Steve felt the boy's small hand on his arm and finally turned around. Tony was beaming at him, although there was a hint of confusion in his eyes.
Hey everyone!
"Why is this so cute?" Peter squeaked to the archer close to him as they watched the pair. Clint groaned.
?" Ana whined low in her throat, moving to stand up shakily before dropping herself in his lap. Worry churned in his gut as Tony watched his dog, his anxiety sparking once again. He held her for a moment, speaking to her softly to calm them both down before he got up, getting her some food and water. She turned away from it, whining once again.
"Only if you agree to come with me," he said, but Tony was already shaking his head.
"I'm Steve," he said subtly. "We didn't get a chance to introduce ourselves earlier, so..."
"Mio madre make lasagna too," he smiled happily.
Merry Christmas y'all!
," he replied as he slowly sauntered off to get his suit.
"Tony, we'll always be friends, understand?" Steve pressed. "This will change nothing between us, I won't think of you any different because of it, okay?" Tony nodded, wiping away a stubborn tear that had managed to escape.
"Oh, that's okay," Steve quickly interrupting, not wanting the boy to feel bad. "It was just one floor up anyway."
"Tony, you can't keep doing things like this. It's dangerous and it makes the team unstable!"
Tony put his cup down on the counter with a little more force than he himself had intended, making Peter stop dead in his tracks. Were they fighting?
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm afraid I can't do that, Captain," JARVIS said, sounding remorseful. "I am programmed to protect sir and give him what he needs most. It appears he needs to be alone."
"Oh, well that's not a problem,"
"It's okay, Tony. We'll see each other soon. What do you have now?"
"But you miss class!" Tony said, eyes wide.
him in the middle of the hallway for absolutely no reason?!"
Tony turned around and felt like he was going to cry. Right there, pillow in his hand and with a shocked look on his face was none other than Steve.
"No," he managed to croak out.
"I learn at home," he spoke softly, clearly overwhelmed by the large commotion that was the cafeteria. Which made sense if he was homeschooled.
"And who decides that?" Peter asked, getting excited. He wasn't really used to video games anyway- they didn't have the money for that.
Tony, Peter found out, was
"Hey, are you okay, Tony?" Steve asked again as Tony's frantic gaze kept scanning their surroundings. He looked... Scared.
"It's here." Steve pointed towards the open door to their Spanish class. Tony smiled shyly.
"Shut up," Tony whined, hitting his fist against his head. The voices wouldn't stop. The feeling of the belt on his back, of his father's hands in a bruising grip on his wrists. His alcohol-laden breath as he yelled at him.
Came Cap's confirmation. Peter sighed. It was just robots, nothing more, right?
The dog nudged his face with hers, sensing his distress. The young man pet her head in a silent thank you as he took a deep breath to recompose himself.
"Oh, poopies," he mumbled, attempting to clean up his mess.
How he refused to talk about his family and his home life.
"Um, do I, eh, need to call for someone?" He asked carefully. Tony just shook his head, straightening up again and scratching the back of his head. One of the robots, Dum-E, Peter recalled, came rolling towards him with a cup in his claw. Tony looked up at his creation.
Everyone slowly nodded, indicating they understood the purpose of the game. Everyone except Tony, that is.
Turiste: tourists
"Yeah, I'm fine,"
"This place is gigantic," he commented, leaning a bit more into Steve in slight exhaustion. Steve, the angel, noticed and wordlessly led him to the couch, allowing him to sink into the cushions. Tony shot him a grateful smile before closing his eyes and leaning his head back. Steve started up a random movie, instructing Peter to get some food for lunch before settling down next to him, pulling him close to his big body as if they did that every night. Tony closed his eyes and fell asleep before the food had even arrived.
"Of course, Tony. Anytime," Steve assured him kindly, resisting the urge to just lean forward and kiss him. "And until you're ready to talk about it, well... I guess it must've just been the wind."
Tony slowly lifted his head when he heard footsteps, finding he'd dozed off in the time of silence in the room. Steve had gone back to playing with his curls, and Tony couldn't help but relax at the soft touch. He managed to look up to see Clint and Peter walk in with all kinds of snacks that almost made Tony retch right there, but instead, he smiled at them as they set it down.
"Good. You may begin."
"Tony, look at me." He waited until Tony's wide eyes met his before continuing. "I know you never talk about your home situation, and if it's too sensitive a subject I won't force you into talking. But, Tony, I need to know this."
But he said none of that out loud, smiling instead as he grabbed the mechanic's hands to stop them from fiddling.
Tony looked up. He'd never heard Peter talk that way.
"Molto bene," Tony praised. "I am from Venezia."
"Alright, you can sit next to Bucky there, in the back." Ms. Hill pointed to where Bucky sat and gently nudged the boy in that direction. Steve's stomach sank. Bucky was a nice guy, an absolute marshmallow and fiercely loyal to his friends. He just didn't do very well with strangers.
"Do you have money to buy anything else?"
Bruce looked over to where Tony was still setting down the plates, softly humming to himself and looking completely fine.
"You- uh," he cleared his throat. "You do?" Tony nodded enthusiastically.
"I'm Bruce," the boy said, smiling kindly. Tony's eyes widened. This was the boy Steve had been talking about!
Steve walked him to his room, giving him a clean pair of sweaters and a shirt to sleep in. He hesitated for a moment, eyeing the bed and Tony before saying goodbye.
"Well, not...
"I don't- What's Never Have I Ever...?"
"Wa- who?" he stammered, not really knowing anything else to say. Tony chose that moment to choke.
The doctor nodded and smiled kindly before going back to Tony. But no matter what he said or did, no matter how many jokes he made, Tony didn't loosen up and stayed as close to Steve as he could. Once the cast was on (red, Steve said it was a good color on him), the doctor instructed Tony to take off his sweater so he could take a look at his chest. That's where things went wrong.
Steve watched him enter the classroom, watching him hesitantly sit down next to another boy. Then the bell rang and he remembered he should be across campus right now and sprinted off.
Suddenly, something soft and wet touched his hand. He started, looking up from where he'd been hiding his head in his arms and looking right into the sweet, innocent eyes of his service dog. Something in him relaxed immediately at the familiar sight, his breaths coming a bit easier. Once the room had stopped spinning and his racing mind had calmed, he realized something was wrong.
Steve leaned in until his face was just inches away from Tony's, a mischievous look in his eyes.
Molto bello: very beautiful
"Hello, Aunt Peggy," he spoke with his heavy accent. Peggy nodded.
"Oh, come on!" Peter exclaimed. "Mr. Stark, that's not fair!"
"You're Italian?"
"Steve," Tony whined. "Ste-heve,"
"Tony, please, don't be sorry," Steve murmured softly, pulling him close. "You have nothing to be sorry for, okay? If anyone should apologize, it'd be me. I shouldn't have yelled at you that day, and I shouldn't have kept silent this morning. You caught me off-guard, but Tony, we don't want you to try and sound like us, you're perfect the way you are, you hear me?"
"It might make you stop calling me 'Mr. Stark'," Tony shrugged. He grunted as he stood up and dragged himself to a chair and dropped down. It immediately made Peter forget about the blackmail and worry replaced the dread in his stomach.
"Aw, but May!" Peter protested, sitting back down at the dining table.
"Stop right there," she stopped the boys trying to run away. "You three, I will see you in the principal's office in fifteen minutes. Steve, help me get Tonio to the infirmary, please."
"It's fine, it was joke, really. No have to say no nothing." Tony tried to laugh it off, but Steve saw the tears in his eyes and his rigid posture, making him tremble slightly with the tension.
You can't tell me how to do my job!"
Suddenly, a woman's scream sounded loudly from behind them, followed by multiple others. The crowd on the sidewalk started to move as panicked people started shouting, pointing, running around in panic. Steve struggled to push through the quickly growing crowds, unsure if it was a Captain America situation or not. When he finally managed to push all the way through, his blood ran cold.
He slipped past the couple, and Tony gave Steve another teasing kiss before following Clint. Steve puffed some air out of his cheeks before straightening himself and walking after them. He'd do better from now on, he told himself. It's what Tony deserved.
I'm so so sorry for always leaving you guys hanging, it's just hard to get myself to write this story. But I still love it, so I wanted to get something out before the year was over.
"No, gotta finish this," Tony said, waving his hand around the workshop vaguely. "Too much work."
"I'm buying you lunch. How do you feel about grilled cheese?"
"Hungarian?" Natasha supplied with an eyebrow raised, clearly impressed. Tony nodded.
Peter stared back into those brown eyes with a look that screamed 'busted'. Tony sighed but couldn't help but chuckle a bit. He really had grown fond of the boy, that was for sure. But just the thought of becoming Howard scared the living crap out of the genius. As if he could sense it, Peter stepped forward, kneeling next to the chair the billionaire was seated in. He placed his soft hand on top of Tony's hardened, scarred ones.
Peter shrugged and started eating his snacks.
"I am from Italia," Tony explained. Clint's eyes widened.
"Okay. Goodnight, Steve," Tony said, desperately hiding his disappointment as Steve left. He eyed the big bed wearily before climbing in, hating the way it seemed too big and cold for him to occupy all alone. Regardless, he soon gave in to his exhaustion and fell into a restless sleep.
"Fine, kid," he said. Peter crossed his arms, giving his mentor an unbelieving look. Tony couldn't help but chuckle at the sight, but it quickly faded again and he ran a hand down his face. "We should, ehm, you know, just get going with eh-"
"I let him down, Nat," he whispered softly. "I let him down even though I told him that we would help him with anything. Now I can't help him with this and... and he probably hates me for it."
Inside the room, Tony released the breath he'd been holding. He turned back to his laptop, clicking on the audio once again.
He clapped Peter on his shoulder, gave him a playful wink and made his way to the elevator. Immediately, Peter forgot about the fiasco in the kitchen from just moments ago as he followed his mentor and hero to the elevator.
"Sì, I meet friend!" He tells him excitedly. "He good at Spanish, I teach him words!"
"It don't matter now, your English will improve along the way. Hill, would you be so kind as to fetch Coulson to take the kid to his dorm?"
Molto Impressionante: very impressive
"So, your name is Antonio, right?" Steve asked, making sure to pronounce his words clearly enough for the boy to understand, but not too clear to make it too obvious and make the kid feel stupid.
"You... like it?" He asked, seemingly still unsure. Peter wiped his eyes with his sleeve, nodding vigorously.
Peter's eyes went wide, his mouth even wider.
like this. She was always emotionless. She didn't like physical contact, let alone engage in it. But Tony... Tony had come bouncing into her life with his bright smile and vast energy and curiosity and
"You didn't mean it like that, I see that now. You don't have to be sorry. I was just-"
HAHA IM NOT DEAD
"Guten Tag," he smiled kindly. That's when his gaze fell on the young, tear-stricken face and a broken arm and he quickly waved them inside. "Hello, young man," he said with a German accent that had Tony curling in on himself, the accent reminding him of Schmitt. "Can you tell me your name?"
He probably would've listed up more, but he was cut off by a coughing fit that shook his entire body and had him groaning in pain once it was over. Now Steve knew why he was sick.
"No, I don't think so," he answered truthfully.
"No, don't do that," Peter cut him off, finally hugging him back. I tend to speak before I've thought it through, and I was just so shocked at you sounding so different... and- and I didn't... I didn't like it." The last part came out as a whisper, afraid to offend his friend again, but meaning it all the same. "I liked your accent, it made you... well,
"Hey, Tony," Steve said softly, crouching down next to Tony's chair and putting a hand on his knee. "What's wrong, baby?"
But Steve and Bucky were standing protectively in the doorway. Clint was softly running his fingers through his hair. Bruce's hand was warm on his knee, a grounding weight. Nat was at his feet, rubbing them warm through the blanket. And soon, Loki was walking into his room, crouching by his bed and looking at him solemnly.
Tony didn't even pause, zipping his suitcase shut. Natasha grabbed his hand, ignoring the small flinch from Tony. He unconsciously tightened his hand around hers.
"Wow, kid," Bucky breathed. "That's really impressive."
If I put the translations in the notes at the end of the chapter, they will appear at the end of the entire work if you don't read it chapter by chapter, so I'm just going to put them here. I'm not Italian or Spanish or even English, so the translations are all from my good friend Google Translate.
They were juniors this year, and so that meant they were a very adult class. So when the teacher was late, they started throwing papers at each other. You know, like adults do.
"Which isn't healthy, Tony. You need to rest and take care of yourself every once in a while. Take a break,"
And that's how the story of Tony Stark ended. It wasn't right, not after everything the man had been through, after everything he'd survived, even against all odds. But Tony Stark died on a sunny day, October 30, assassinated by an unknown criminal, shot through the heart and killed instantly. He left behind his friends and the love of his life, and a world he'd fought so hard to make better.
"No, mine doesn't," Steve said patiently, never ceasing his soothing movement. "But my body isn't exactly normal, now is it?"
"I speak Italian
"Steve, he's dead," she said, even her voice breaking at saying it out loud. She closed her eyes for a second, breathing in a shaky breath before opening them again and continuing. "There's no use, now. He's gone, Steve. I'm-I'm sorry..."
Grabbing his buddy's hand, they ran back to the school, Peter intent on showing Tony all the Legos he had secretly smuggled from home and stalled out in his room. They had completely forgotten about Steve, who was still standing by the tree, leaning on it with an exasperated chuckle. He knew it wasn't over yet, and there was still a lot to talk about, especially between him and Tony. But the road to recovery had started, and Steve would have to buckle up and take whatever else came on their path because while he might not be the primary reason for Tony's insecurities, he knew he'd messed up. Big time. And he would do whatever he could to make it better, whatever that entailed.
"Well, it's nice to meet you,
Tony looked between him and the unfamiliar doctor with wide eyes, clearly contemplating his options.
Yeah, friends. That was all.
Natasha sighed, letting go of the blond's collar. "I know you are." She said softly. "I'm just not sure Tony does."
A cold look fell on the engineer's face.
"Tony," Steve tried, reaching for him but the smaller man stepped away, out of his reach. "Tony, you're not like him. I know what they said put you off, but that's not a reason to hide down in that lab of yours. It's not healthy, Tony,"
"Bye, Tony," Steve waved back, watching the door close once again. He sighed, shoulders slumping as he looked at the hard wooden door. He knew Tony was behind it, but he didn't know how to make him see that Steve was there for him-
Tony hesitantly closed his eyes, subconsciously leaning into Steve's warmth as he focused on his breathing until it slowed enough that he could take a full breath. Gently, Steve pulled him into his arms, whispering a constant string of what he hoped were calming words in the boy's ear until his breathing had returned to normal and his tears were reduced to sniffles. Neither pulled away, even as Steve spoke again.
"No, no, no, no. I uh, I'm not going to kill you," Peter said slowly, carefully pronouncing all the words. "Me no kill you, okay? Me good guy. Sto bene."
Peter bounced up and down excitedly during the whole entire elevator ride.
Peter wanted to slap himself. It was
Tony smiled and muttered a soft "thanks" before shouldering his backpack and following Bruce out the door. They walked together through the hallways towards principal Fury's office, chatting softly about science. When Bruce stopped outside of the office, Tony seemed to snap out of a daze, as if he forgot they were walking somewhere.
He was shaken from his thoughts by his phone ringing. He startled a bit, fumbling for his phone. When he pulled it out, a piece of paper that had been in the same pocket fell out and onto the sidewalk. He let go of Steve's hand for just a second to pick it up while answering his phone at the same time. He sighed when he saw Pepper's name, knowing it was probably business. Deciding it was better to face the music straight away, he put the phone to his ear.
"Okay, okay fine!" The mechanic managed to croak out. Immediately, Steve let go completely, causing Tony to stumble against the workbench, breathing heavily.
"The person who flipped the card-" he held up the stack of cards- "with a category to choose from. Of course, they can first consult with the rest before making their decision."
But Tony was hyperventilating, a few tears managing to escape. He quickly scrambled back up, never taking his eyes off of Steve until he was a safe distance away. He turned around and pushed through the small crowd of gaping students, running away as fast as he could. Steve yelled after him, but Tony didn't turn back. As Steve watched him leave, realization dawned. He'd yelled at Tony, he'd called his friend
Iron Man repeated, voice tight.
I hope you've had a good year and I wish you all the best for the new one! <3
Molto bene: very good
"I'm here," Steve replied with tears in his eyes, laughing in relief as he grabbed his friend's bloody hand. "I'm here,"
Thanks for reading, and I hope to catch you in the next chapter!
"Sit down, kid. Before you bounce a hole in my ceiling."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I have no idea what that is!" Tony replied, the same happy energy making him bouncy on the spot. Peter's eyes widened comically.
Steve noticed his confusion and he gently whisked the Parkers away.
"Aye aye, Captain," Tony said with a smile of his own. But Peter had a big grin on his lips as he was practically bouncing on his spot. Steve couldn't help but chuckle at the kid's antics.
for it... He was scared of people judging him. One of the first things Natasha had noticed about Tony was the fact that he did
there.
"Come on, girl," he called softly. "I'm going to take you to the vet now, see what's wrong with you." He felt another spike of panic when Ana didn't respond, quickly deflating when she got up, trotting towards him with her head hung low. He re-evaluated the option of using the vest, especially when he was this trigger-sensitive. Deciding it was better to play it safe he grabbed the vest from its position by the coat rack, quickly and skillfully pulling it on. He put on his coat before rushing out the door.
"Spill," she said, taking place on his bed.
Bucky looked on in slight annoyance at the two, a tense atmosphere between them. Oh, he was definitely going to tease Steve about this later. Steve got up a little too quickly to not be awkward, holding out a hand to help the other man up. When the man was standing, Bucky and Steve both noticed the dog moving to lean against his legs, no doubt to avoid her owner falling over by a wave of dizziness. They waited patiently for the young man to stand stable on both feet before Steve politely extended his hand.
Bucky smirked back.
Peter quickly kissed his aunt goodbye before stepping into the car that was waiting for him outside their apartment.
"Oh, but you're not denying it, that's good."
This time, Tony didn't hold back his groan, dramatically slumping on the couch. Steve shot him a look, poking an elbow softly but painfully in the genius's ribs.
Steve quickly turned around and led the shaking boy out of the cafeteria and into the deserted halls.
"Can only girls like boys?" Tony asked tentatively. "Because I see people in boats from my window, and I one time see two boys in boats. And they kisses too. And two girls. Can boys love boys, and girls love girls?"
"You not have science?" Tony asked sadly. Steve chuckled.
"Nice to meet you too, Tony," Steve smiled, trying not to revel in the way the name sounded on his tongue as he spoke it aloud.
Peter was done within ten minutes, which is an impressive time given the amount of food that kid needs, and soon hugged May goodbye before running out the door. He pulled it closed behind him, it slamming shut with the force. Peter cringed, turning around and placing a soft hand on the wood.
"Oh, come here," Steve chuckled, pulling Tony up and holding him close as the exhausted man cried out his remaining energy. At some point, he seemed to be too tired to cry anymore, and he completely deflated in Steve's arms. Steve pretty much carried him upstairs and to their bedroom, helping him get changed and getting him comfortable in bed. He pulled him close under the covers, and soon enough, Tony was passed out on his chest, breathing softly with a hand still fisting Steve's shirt. It was still way too early to sleep, but Steve decided he wouldn't mind just holding his boyfriend for now. So, he kissed the sleeping man's soft curls, turned off the lights and settled back, wondering how in the world this was his life.
"Look, kid," he started. "I know that this is a lot to take in right now, so much is happening at once. It's okay if you're not used to it all immediately."
"C'mon kid, I ain't got all day." Tony was torn between taking the key and telling the truth (and running away, he was considering that option too) when a loud sound had Fury groan in frustration and put the key down. "Be right back," he muttered before disappearing through a door. Tony let out a breath and snatched the key off the desk, happy to have escaped that dilemma. Just then the door opened revealing a man Tony hadn't seen before. He smiled kindly and held out his hand.
I honestly had no idea where to go with this fic and if I even wanted to continue this at all, but after receiving a lot of comments of people saying they wanted more, I got motivated, so consider this short chapter my thanks to all of you who commented, gave kudos or even just read this story.
"How can
By the time he arrived at the scene, paramedics were taking care of the injured as firemen tried to put out the fire. The young web-slinger saw the Captain's shield on the ground, its owner already in- no,
Peter's eyes went wide again, a sick feeling in his stomach.
"He may be Bi," Tony's voice sounded from where it was hidden in Steve's neck, his words slightly slurred as sleep threatened to take over. "But I'm definitely gay."
He shot up straight when he heard voices from the room on top of his. He heard noises there more often- he knew who lived there. He'd met the two college boys when they just moved in. One was about Steve's age, big and slightly rude. Steve remembered his name being Ty... Tyson? Tiberius! That's it. Tiberius Stone. The other was younger and smaller and kind of cute. Tony, he remembered. They argued at times, and Steve heard their voices through the thin ceiling. But this time, it sounded like the boy, Tony, had been crying.
the autotuned voice spoke as it had the last few times.
Steve let out a shaky breath, collapsing into the uncomfortable hospital chair with his head in his hands as he tried to slow his breathing and the erratic beating of his heart. Peter's soft sniffles weren't helping, especially when the doctors left and it was just the three of them waiting for a sign of life from their friend.
"Oh, Antonio. You're here for your dorm, yes?" Tony nodded. "Come in, we'll get you a key. Bruce, you can go to your own dorm, we'll make sure Antonio gets there." Bruce nodded, waved Tony goodbye and left. Tony hesitantly walked into the office, looking around the big room with wide eyes. There were certificates and prizes on the wall and a couple of photos of past principals, Tony assumed. There were one desk and multiple doors leading elsewhere. The name board on the desk just said 'Principal N. Fury'. Behind it was a dark-skinned man with, and I kid you not, an
you,"
about it. He'd had far worse than a broken arm, yet he hadn't been able to keep in his tears.
"Guys!" Steve looked up from where he'd been staring a hole into the table while in thought to see Bruce walking in with the biggest smile Steve had seen on him in weeks. Bruce had been having some trouble with his anger issues lately, so Steve was happy to see a smile on the boy's face. "You won't believe what news I've just received."
"Where is he?" He asked, his voice strained.
Tony shook his head.
"This mean we no friends no more?" Tony asked softly, voice breaking as a single tear managed to break free, sliding down his cheek.
"Really?" He whispered.
"I think I'll actually puke just by smelling it,"
"Coming, kid," he called before walking over to Steve. "He's going to eat a horse," he sighed, letting his head fall on Steve's warm chest. The soldier chuckled, putting a hand on Tony's back and letting his other one play with the billionaire's hair.
"Let's get these two idiots to fall in love. Nat, find out where Cute Brunet lives. Clint, get yourself a donut 'cause I don't wanna hear you whine for it again. Then, plan a date, one that's romantic but not too much. I'll find a good spot in Steve's schedule and make sure they have each other's numbers. Go."
like science and stuff... I'm also an outsider. But we became outsiders
"Well, I suppose I'm going to have to give you the 'breath of life', right?"
"Hm?" Came the reply.
"Hey there," she said. Steve grunted in return, not fully trusting his voice. "So... I saw what happened. That was pretty dumb." Steve scoffed.
Tony waited in front of the door to his science class to look inside. It was a big classroom with all kinds of stuff Tony couldn't wait to get his hands on, but he also saw only one empty seat left.
"And I'm Bucky," Bucky chimed in cheerily. "And who's this treasure?" He asked, nodding towards the dog. The man, Tony, smiled softly at his beautiful dog with pride.
"I- I'm sorry," he stuttered after some time, moving to stand up, trying to ignore the lump in his throat and the tears burning behind his eyes. "I no mean that, I- I will go..."
Tony was shocked, to say the least. He stared back at the teenager, searching for any insincerity but found none. He opened his mouth to stammer out some kind of response when the door flew open.
"Yeah, everything's fine. I'm sorry we're keeping you up, we'll try to tone it down a bit," he apologized, but Steve waved his apology away.
"Blackmail, kid," he said. "Sweet, sweet blackmail,"
"How is he, is he okay?" Steve asked in a rush, his voice tight. May shook her head.
The man's dog trotted over, pushing the young man into Bucky's hold as she laid herself across his legs, Bucky supposed it was to apply a grounding pressure. It seemed to work as the man's breathing slowed. He bent forward to bury his face in his dog's soft fur, breathing in deeply. Bucky and Steve stayed silent, giving the man some time to regain his bearings.
"Tony?" Steve called, although it was barely above a whisper. His throat tightened painfully, hot tears burning behind his eyes. The noise of the crowd behind him faded until it was just his breathing and his racing heart in his ears. He stumbled forward, crashing to his knees beside Tony's unmoving figure. "Tony?" He called again, his voice breaking. He carefully gathered Tony in his arms, turning him over into his lap. Tony's beautiful, intelligent, expressive eyes were open, though they didn't seem to be focused on anything, staring off into distant space. His chest wasn't rising and falling with easy breaths, his hands weren't fiddling with an energy he couldn't contain. Steve felt a sob tear past his throat when his shaking fingers couldn't find a heartbeat.
"It was right after I had brought you home. Clint commented on how much you apparently look like me. Wanda, she- well let's just say she was in a bad mood."
"I can't," he wheezed, tears streaming down his face. "I can't!"
Peter watched them go, frozen in place.
There were bruises all over Tony's slim torso and arms. His ribs were painfully prominent underneath the olive skin and lean muscles. Of course, Tony's black eye was courtesy of the battle ram that was Schmitt's fist, but none of these seemed to be any of their work. They looked older with a disgusting shade of purple and yellow.
"I'm afraid he was the victim of another hallway assault," Peggy answered for him and the doctor nodded.
Feel free to tell me what you would like to see in this story, It'd help out me immensely :D
Steve raised an eyebrow.
Tony shrugged, winking at Peter before slowly slinging his legs off the couch and sitting up. His face was scrunched up with the effort, and he gladly accepted the helping hand Steve lend him. He made a move to put the book he'd been reading on the table nearby when Clint grabbed it and put it on the table before the brunette could. Tony shot him a look, telling the spy he could have done that himself, but Clint just smiled back with a smug "You're welcome,". Tony huffed and muttered something under his breath, but Clint knew he was actually grateful. Tony leaned back into Steve's side.
"I know, right? It's just not fair..."
"Well, time to get to work then," Steve commented with a content sigh before turning to meet their customer.
talk about this," Steve insisted, keeping his voice steady despite the lump in his throat. Tony looked down, his hand slipping from Steve's arm.
Steve's vibrating chuckle and warm body lulled Tony into a much-needed sleep, the feeling of safety and love surrounding him as pleasant darkness overtook him. But not before he could mutter out soft and heavy words to his boyfriend.
Steve tried again.
The kiss ended but the couple didn't break apart, Tony nuzzling his face in the blonde's neck as the soldier cuddled him close. Peter felt a smile forming on his lips as he watched how relaxed his mentor was in Steve's arms. He looked happy. And a happy Tony was a happy Peter.
"Um, Bruce?" Bruce heard Tony call his name while he was packing up his stuff. He turned around to see Tony already done and fiddling with his shirt, suddenly looking very shy.
Clint decided he'd deal with Steve later. Right now, Tony needed him.
But Tony was already shaking his head before his friend had even finished talking.
Steve didn't know what to say. He had never,
"Hey," he greeted. The boy looked up at him, then looked around as if Steve might be talking to someone else before realizing Steve'd addressed
"No," Steve quickly cut in before Tony could finish the hesitant question. "God, no. Please don't stop," he murmured the last part into Tony's slightly curling hair. The brunet chuckled, raising his head from Steve's shoulder to put his full attention into the music again. He changed it up this time, playing a way more complicated and happy sounding song. Steve watched him with wide eyes as the scarred and naturally tanned hands flew across the piano keys. Peter himself wasn't faring much better as he watched with wide eyes. The last notes rang through the air and seemed to hang around them like a warm blanket. Peter was pulled from his trance when Steve breathed out a breathy "wow". He snuck back to the elevator, the doors closing before him silently.
His English perfectly American, but it sounded so different from the adorable accent he'd had thus far, it was shocking.
. Peter had wanted to just run over to him and hug him until he smiled again.
Now, said man wasn't breathing.
"I talked to Natasha as soon as I found out. She changed your file to what it should be, Tones. You are as much an Avenger as any of us." Tony looked ready to protest, so Clint shushed him gently and simply pulled him into his side again. Tony let him, knowing he couldn't fight it (and he didn't want to, either).
"Really?" The principal looked back down at his papers. "Cuz I do believe it says 'Stark' here, unless my eye is failing me."
Tony lifted his head to see Steve crouched next to him, the image blurred by his tears.
"Love... love is difficult, Tony." He said eventually. "Love comes in many forms. Like the way I love my friends, which is different from the way I love my mother. And I'm pretty sure you've noticed how Bruce loves Natasha a little different from how he loves me or you. Doesn't mean he loves her
After a while he hauled himself up from the floor, marching confidently to the elevator.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Tony turned back towards the door, he saw one awkward teenager, staring at his feet while hopping from foot to foot.
"I'm sorry," Tony sobbed, giving up on the futile effort of sounding American. It wasn't good enough anyway.
"Noth-"
(See the end of the chapter for
"No take," Tony whispered, nodding at the plates.
"I'm afraid there isn't much I can do here. It's a clean break, so all that needs to be done is the cast. I'm afraid I am unable to do that with the limited resources I have at my disposal here. Is there any way he can let that be done at the near hospital?"
Steve felt his eyes burn with unshed tears.
"Alright, since Steve can't really do it again, I suggest we pick a dare for him to complete?" Clint asked the group. Everyone looked at Peter, who was already looking at them with a mischievous glint in his eyes.
"Oh, right. Sorry." Steve jumped up, unlocking the door. Nat gave him an unimpressed look, one eyebrow raised. Steve didn't even smile sheepishly, just dropped back into his bed. Natasha frowned.
"Carbonell," Tony corrected automatically. Once he realized what he'd said he looked down, avoiding eye contact.
"...so I thought we could have a look at it together to fix it and maybe even give it an upgrade-" he stilled as he looked around. The bots beeped at him happily in greeting, but Mr. Stark wasn't there. "Mr. Stark?" he called out, putting down the web shooter he'd been holding onto one of the workbenches. "Mr. Stark, are you here?"
, even if he didn't know where that was. Something about the hospital made him feel uneasy and alone.)
He felt a harsh slap on the back of his head. He turned around to see Nat standing behind him with fury in her eyes.
Silence.
"Go 'way," he heard Tony mutter through the speakers somewhere by the door. Steve sighed.
Tony's home and it's time for some team relaxing. Of course, a little spider comes along to join in on the fun. But maybe Peter gets a little more than he was expecting...
Tony nodded.
"Clint, please calm down," Steve interrupted his string of questions. "Sit down, Tony. We'll explain the game."
To everyone's surprise, Steve flushed as red as Tony's suit, even though he quickly tried to hide it by ducking his head. Tony leaned away from him with a hand on his chest, a shocked grin on his face and a million blackmail plans already forming.
"Mr. Stark?" Peter asked, voice small. He heard Tony sigh in defeat.
"I'll call you in sick. It's not like you'll miss much, aren't you ahead at pretty much every subject?"
"Tony, do you understand the game?" Steve asked kindly once he noticed. He was surprised when Tony bit his lip, fiddling with his hands as if he was...
"It's a monkey," Steve deadpanned. Sam blinked once before turning back to his phone.
"Yes, Bruce?" She asked sweetly.
"Right. Different. Not less, okay?"
"Of course, he did," he exclaimed, throwing his hands up in, well, basically just
"Ooh," Clint snickered. "Protective Dad Mode activated,"
this, brother." Loki's breathing slowed, his fists unclenching. He met his brother's gaze finally, and was surprised at the intensity in his brother's blue eyes.
"Okay," he whispered. Steve took a deep breath, blinked away distant tears and thanked the doctor before marching out, Tony hot on his heels.
The boy looked up at being addressed, brown eyes quickly sweeping over the room before giving a soft "hello", his accent heavy. Steve's heart went out to the kid-- high school could be merciless to newbies, especially if they were in any way different than the rest. This boy was young and foreign. Hell was waiting for him.
"It's just- he didn't
"Did I speak Spanish?" He retorted, but it didn't come out quite the way he'd wished. "Look, I told you it was stupid, I'm just overreacting."
"What is it, Tony?" He asked with a smile and patience that even surprised himself. Tony looked at him, brown eyes clearer than they'd been in days.
"What-what was it exactly?" He asked carefully. Tony was too tired to argue.
Overall, they were the happiest they could be together. So, on a nice, sunny day like this, surrounded by his friends and lover, Tony felt like he was on top of the world. He felt lighter than he'd ever felt before as Steve shared the weight of the world that had seemed to rest on only Tony's shoulders until then. It was nice to have some help, to have someone take care of him for once, Tony thought.
"Immeditly?" Tony asked, frowning at the unfamiliar word. Fury shook his head.
Loki smiled sadly as the young boy in his arms quickly relaxed, his breathing evening out. He planted a soft kiss on his head, holding him for a moment longer before laying him back down on the bed. He pulled the covers up to his chin, stroking back the curls on Tony's forehead. When he'd heard the thrashing and soft cries from the other side of the wall, he hadn't hesitated to check up on him. He was glad he did because the boy was sweating, face scrunched up in pain and fear as he made little sounds of distress. Loki didn't consider himself to be a very touchy-feely guy; that was his brother. He didn't insinuate hugs (although he didn't fight his brother on it either), he didn't like the fake smiles supposed 'comforting words'. No, that just wasn't for him. But seeing the boy break down in gut-wrenching sobs had done something to his icy heart.
See, the thing about Thor was that no one could really understand him. Sure, he spoke their language and everything, but he seemed constantly confused by their ways doing and seemed to prefer his own, loud manners. Thor was from Norway, a big guy with a loud voice and accent. Rumour had it he was a Viking and honestly, Steve could see where they were coming from. Steve was sure he would've been bullied for it if he wasn't literally made out of muscles.
"Mind if I sit next to you?" He gestured towards the girl, who still hadn't looked up. Tony frowned.
"Can I help you?" He asked softly, his voice slightly hoarse. Steve blinked himself out of his stupor.
"You guys thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?" Bucky asked, grinning slyly.
"P-Peter?" Tony ground out softly. Peter blinked and shook his head as if waking up from a trance.
"Almost seven month now," Tony whispered. "He took me from Italy, say I am his now."
"Tony?" A soft voice spoke in the dark room. "Are you alright?"
"Sì," the boy answered. "America say Tony."
"I like Steve," Tony deadpanned. Bruce froze.
I once uploaded the wrong thing here and I completely forgot to finish the new thing I was writing. I realized this story wasn't even finished yet so here I am, legit 2 years later, updating one of the first stories I've ever posted here. It's a bit short but I struggled with this the first time and now I don't really remember my plans for it tbh.
"What comment?"
Tony didn't manage to eat even half of what Steve had put on his plate before he was full, but Steve had an insane appetite so that wasn't an issue. They cleaned the dishes together before moving to the couch.
Peter froze.
"No take?" Bruce repeated, confused.
"Oh, Tony," Steve whispered thickly, holding out his arms. Tony immediately thrust himself into his open embrace, clutching his shirt tightly. He squeezed his eyes shut to keep the tears at bay, trembling with the effort.
"I thought you two worked there all the time?" She asked while making herself some tea. Peter quickly shook his head, his curls dancing on his forehead.
"There no is no one else."
"Let's go," he said before grabbing his shoulders and quickly pushing him towards the stairs. Once downstairs the billionaire closed the doors, clapped in his hands and spread his arms.
Peggy knocked on the door, which was quickly opened, showing a small, middle-aged man with a kind smile.
"He broke his wrist, so he'll have his arm in a cast for the time being," he reported, rubbing his arm up and down Tony's arms soothingly. Tony still remained oddly silent but seemed relaxed as he leaned into Steve's warmth. "I think I'm going to stay home with him for a day, just to make sure he'll be okay. He had a slight head wound, too, and I don't feel comfortable sending him to school tomorrow." Bruce nodded in approval, ruffling Tony's hair affectionately before getting up. The others were standing awkwardly by the doorway, but Bruce whisked them away.
"Antonio Edward Ca- um, Stark," he said hesitantly, almost giving the wrong name. He wasn't a Carbonell anymore, he had to remind himself. He was a Stark now.
"Alright, you can sit down in the waiting room until the doctor's ready for you," she smiled. Steve nodded gratefully and steered his friend towards the nearest chair. Tony immediately leaned into Steve's side, resting his head on the blonde's shoulder. Steve rubbed his tense arm in sympathy.
"Nice t' meet ya, Tony."
"Good morning, Tony," he greeted him.
"Are we... just friends?" Tony asked, his voice soft and vulnerable. Steve chuckled.
"No, no not at all!" Peter quickly interrupted. "I get it, really I do. Daddy issues-"
with the supercalifragelisticexpidalivengers!"
"Tony, you're a genius. You are," she pressed when Tony seemed ready to protest. He sniffed, leaning against her with a soft hiccup. "You're more to us than just your brains, Tony. We love your energy, your curiosity, your big eyes and even bigger smile. We love everything about you, Tony. Your genius is only a part of that. You're more than that, Tony. And we love all of it."
mistake in one of their products, my armor needs repairs-"
, just different. You with me so far?" Tony nodded. "And the people on the boats... they love each other very much. Maybe not more than their best friends, but different, like Bruce and Nat."
"Sorry I'm late, everyone. First days are always hectic." She said, her British accent clear. "My name is Peggy Carter but you will address me as Ms. Carter. We've lost enough time as it is, so I'm just going to jump right in. You're juniors this year, so I'm expecting you all to know at least some things about this subject. There are three rows in this classroom, so the left row can start with the first world war, right the second, and the middle row the cold war. I want you all to write down as much information as you can about your subject how it started, what happened, how it ended, important people, etc. You can discuss within your row, not outside it. Treat this seriously, I will look it over at the end of this class. If I see you've not taken it seriously you may try again in detention. Is that clear?"
Steve felt frozen. Tony was breaking apart on the other couch, babbling apologies and Italian words Steve didn't understand but he felt numb. He wanted to reach out, wanted to comfort his friend, but he couldn't get himself to move. He just couldn't wrap his head around it. How could someone,
"He's right, though," Tony muttered self-deprecatingly. Clint tutted.
"Do not worry, my young friend," he said. "I will keep you safe. Go back to sleep, now."
The other man blinked.
"Let's just play and you can ask questions if you don't understand, okay?"
But Tony simply shot Cap a flashing smile, patted him on the shoulder and winked.
"Of course, the reason had to be noble," he muttered.
When Tony's sobs died down to hiccups, she gently pulled back. She wiped away the tears on Tony's cheeks, holding his face gently in her hands.
When Peter looked at him questioningly, Clint grinned widely, pointing at some cupboards.
"He-help!" He yelled, stumbling back up again and yelling at the paramedics he knew were on the other side of the brick hill. "Help me, someone's injured! We need help!"
"I got work to do," was all he said before he walked back to his unfinished project. But Steve wasn't giving up so easily today. He quietly snuck up behind the mechanic and wrapped his strong arms around the smaller man's torso, lifting him up far enough for Tony's feet to be off the ground. Tony yelped in surprise, dropping the screwdriver he had been holding.
Not long after, Peter rushed into the room. His face was barely holding his huge grin and Tony was worried it would actually split.
action!"
"Yes, I imagine that's the reason why they call them
"No, no it's just-" Tony sighed again, leaning back in his chair. "It was about Howard. The comment? It was about him, wasn't really something I like to hear."
Tony raised his head from Clint's shoulder to look him in the eye, searching for any dishonesty. Clint kept his gaze open and honest, wanting the genius to get is through his thick scull that there were people in his life who actually cared about him.
"Um," Tony started fidgeting with the hem of his shirt as he avoided Steve's gaze. "No... no understand," he murmured.
"Of course, Mr. Parker. I will notify Boss that you're waiting for him there," she responded as the elevator started moving.
Natasha pulled him close to her as he sobbed, repeating
"No talking with your mouth full, young sir," she said fake-angry, but she couldn't quite help the smile forming around her lips.
By the time Peter fell silent, Tony was already on the verge of hyperventilation. He had no idea what the boy was talking about-- for all he knew, Peter could have just threatened his life or something.
Peter was bored.
Peter turned around triumphantly towards Tony, who laughed and clapped in his hands before giving the boy a high-five. They both walked over to where the cup was sticking to the wall. Tony gave it a gentle tug, but the glass didn't come off. He pulled a bit harder but it still didn't budge. Apparently, that was what they had been hoping for as they smiled at each other in triumph. Tony clapped the kid on the shoulder, pride in his eyes.
"Really," she said confidently, giving him one of her rare smiles. He gave a timid one back.
"But no one listen to me," Tony said softly. "Mama is- was sad, and I no bother her. Jarvis e Ana have other thing to do. Padre say I overact," he said sadly.
"E-excuse me?" He started. "I- uh, I was wondering if you could help me?"
Tony nodded, finally understanding the game. He exhaled and relaxed a bit. Steve threaded his fingers through the engineer's hair once more before leaning forward to grab the stack of cards. He took them out of the box and put them in a neat pile on the table.
I've decided to make Bruce/Natasha become a little thing on the side, though it's not mentioned too much. Also, some Loki appreciation because I miss him and I think he and Tony deserved more.
"I know, Tony," Steve told him as if it would make anything better. "I know you do. But we're here now. We're not going to hurt you. We're not going to tell you that you can't cry. What you've been through is horrible. But you're safe here, with us. We'll protect you."
"5 more minutes..." he mumbled, barely audible. May chuckled, walking into her nephew's room, sitting at his bedside. She gently rubbed his shoulder.
"Yeah, let's go home,"
"Anytime,"
"Name?" She asked Tony.
"Mhthr sfhark ifs fwiwawy weffing w-" he tried to explain, but was cut off by aunt May, who gave him a stern look.
. He drinks and he hits and he hurts and I am scared. But he say 'Stark men are made of iron', and that means I can't cry. He gets mad when I do. But I want back to Jarvis and Ana. Madre drink too but she no yells. She no hits and she no hurts. I want back, Steve."
The woman frowned slightly at the slip-up but didn't comment.
Peter was practically buzzing with excitement as he shut off his alarm clock and got dressed. This weekend wasn't that much different than other weekends, but weekends were always special for the young Parker.
"I'm so
Tony, as his familiar eyes sparkled with his intelligence and mirth.
Tony was sitting up in bed, hooked to several machines and supported by some pillows in his back. A bit of his hair was missing, showing a stitched wound on his head. Steve avoided looking at it in fear of getting sick. Tony looked up when they walked in, his brown eyes curious but without any of the warmth and recognition he usually had.
Tony didn't want to be weird. He wanted to be normal, just like the other kids. He didn't want to be smart if it made people run away from him. He didn't want bigger kids to pick on him. He didn't want his
"How you know you love someone different?" Tony asked.
"English, please," she ordered. Tony chuckled softly as he tried again.
"I can't, genius. You locked the door," Nat's voice came from outside.
"Okay."
of bad food lately. That weird feeling in his stomach became a daily occurrence, but when he'd gone to the school's nurse, he didn't detect anything wrong. Steve didn't exactly feel sick, either. A voice in the back of his mind taunted him, whispering
"Come in."
at Tony Stark. It had taken Peter
"Hey, there," the made his presence known. Tony softly greeted him back, clearly happy to see someone he knew. "You don't know this?" Steve asked, gesturing towards the cafeteria. Tony shook his head, his curls bouncing on his forehead.
Clint was proud to hear the billionaire chuckle. He was unable to hide a smile himself at the sound.
"Yes, sir," the AI answered. Steve nodded, assuming there would be a camera around here somewhere. "Shall I call them for you, sir?" FRIDAY asked. Steve pondered over the question for a while before deciding;
?!" Peter gasped. "Did you have a boat? And a terras? And-"
"You know," he started carefully as Tony laid out the cutlery. "I have anger management issues." Tony looked up, brow furrowed in confusion.
Tony looked up, his puffy eyes meeting Steve's radiant blues.
"Tony, what's wrong?"
"Again, na-ah," he said, crossing his arms and looking a lot like a stubborn child. Steve rolled his eyes and gave Tony a fake smile, one parents often gave their toddlers whenever their patience was running out.
"Tony, please. Stop." She said, her voice still soft. She let a bit of her desperation leak through in her voice. "Steve's being an idiot, he didn't mean what he said."
Suddenly, the man's knees buckled. Bucky reached out instinctively to catch him, preventing him from hitting the ground. The man struggled in his hold, his eyes still clenched shut. Soft noises of pure and utter panic emitted from his throat, his arms flailing to fight an enemy that simply wasn't there. His dog walked over to him, whining softly as she nudged the man's face with her nose. Bucky noticed the red vest, recognizing it as one for PTSD. He looked at Steve, who'd kneeled beside him, nodding towards the vest. Steve's mouth twisted in sympathetic recognition.
when they reach their destination. However, once the boy was out of the car and racing towards the entrance, Happy finds the silence rather uncomfortable. He realized that he really missed the kid when he wasn't here, chatting his brains out. The teenager seemed to be able to wriggle himself into everyone's lives with his sweet smile and doe eyes. Happy groaned, dropping his head against the steering wheel.
"Don't you dare," she scowled, grabbing him by the collar and pushing his back against the wall. "Don't you
Tony hesitantly walked into the classroom, his schedule still clutched in his hand as he walked towards the only empty seat. The seat next to it was already taken by a boy with brown curls like his, who seemed to be writing things down in his notebook. He sat down as quietly as possible, hoping the other boy wouldn't acknowledge him.
The car ride back was spent with neither of them talking, the silence thick in the small space of the car. Steve had see Peggy a quick text that everything went alright and he was going to stay with Tony in their dorm for the rest of the day. He didn't wait for a reply before driving off.
The building exploding cut him off. Even from this big of a distance away, Peter could feel the heat wash over him like a sunlight after the rain. A big mushroom-cloud filled the sky, ash and dust raining down. Peter didn't hesitate a second. He fired his new web shooters, slinging away faster than he ever had before.
"Bye, May!"
"Who more here?" He asked Steve.
"Yes, Tony?" Bruce asked gently.
Now enough talk- enjoy my story!
"Maybe because you -as you Americans put it-
Peter's eyes widened as Steve's arm rested harmlessly on Tony's shoulders, and they almost bulged out of his head when he saw Tony
Peter was so amazed by everything he saw and all that Tony told him, he'd completely forgotten about what had happened before. It wasn't until he looked up to ask for something that he noticed how tired Tony really was. He was leaning on the table, a half-finished project lying forgotten in front of him. One hand was rubbing at his eyes while the other was gripping the table so hard his knuckles were white.
"What, you don't know?" Steve mocked. "This is basic stuff, little kids learn this. Are you so dumb you can't even get that?"
"That's okay," Steve assured him. "I can work from here. I'd really rather miss school than leave you alone when you're sick."
"Hey," Steve warned.
"As you wish," he said in a German accent, shrugging easily before throwing Tony away like a broken ragdoll. Tony landed painfully on the ground, a searing pain shooting up his wrist. He let out a cry he couldn't contain, cradling the broken limb close to his chest, both of which were throbbing with pain. He heard Steve yelling his name as he rushed over, pushing past the bullies who were laughing at the pathetic sight Tony was sure he was making.
Peter's voice shook May out of her thoughts. It took her a few seconds to process what he'd said, but once it did, she stopped the racing boy by the collar.
Steve smiled, happy to see some of the tension leave the boy's shoulders.
"You 'bout done?" The super soldier asked with an annoyed look on his face. But Tony didn't miss the sparkle of amusement in the Captain's blue eyes. Tony couldn't help the smirk forming on his face. But now that the weight had been taken off his shoulders, he realized how tired he really was. Steve must have noticed too as he immediately hurried over to kneel beside him.
"Let's go upstairs, yeah?" He suggested calmly, not entirely sure as to how far gone Tony was exactly. "We can put a Disney movie, and I can make us both some soup."
"Hey, jerk," Steve greeted back, looking at his all-time best friend. He and Bucky started this place together, built it up from scratch. Soon, others like Clint and Natasha had joined as they fought to make the place a success. They took in more animals than just dogs, but Steve focused mainly on the dogs- they were why he'd started this place in the beginning. But Natasha kept herself busy with the cats, Clint varying between multiple animals (though he preferred the birds), and Bucky sticking mostly by Steve.
"Tony, you've been working so hard lately. How about you stop taking care of everyone else and start taking care of yourself for once?" Tony shot upright, losing his balance a little before catching himself.
Silence.
Steve didn't know what he'd expected to see when a customer came in at 7.00 in the morning, but a cute, young man with wide, brown eyes and tousled hair was definitely not high on his list of expectations. He'd actually been openly staring until the man stuttered out a polite question.
yelling?" Tony asked softly, pulling back a bit to look Peter in the eyes with his own, red rimmed but once again showing that sparkle they used to have. One eyebrow was raised in question. Peter spluttered.
"He will not hurt you here, Anthony," he said. "We will not let him. We shall protect you, and we are here to help you. With everything."
"You're an
And you might ask, "but Robin, you've been gone for a whole fucking year?? Tf?" which is fair. I did mean to write again sooner, but inspiration was hard to find and every time I did feel inspired i just... didn't write. Which really sucks and i'm sorry to the few people who stuck around waiting for updates on this thing, I really have no excuse. But it only felt right to update this one first instead of starting a new story cuz i feel like we've created something here and i owed it to you lovelies. So, here's a chapter i pulled outta my ass and wet-ass kiss on the cheek to hopefully soothe your rage a bit so we're on speaking terms by the time you reach the end notes :)
Erskine just hummed knowingly. They stayed in comfortable silence for a while before Peggy clapped in her hands.
"Good, 'cause I'm about to ruin that," the soldier said, earning a grunt from Tony.
Natasha nodded in understanding, but Clint just fell back in his chair with an annoyed groan.
Tony nodded, pointing at Steve. "Steve," and then himself. "Tony."
"Wha- wu- you- he- and you- and- and then- what?" A small voice peeped in.
Before the car even stood still, Peter was already out, running towards the big compound.
"Yeah, yeah. Everything's fine," he assured Steve, who seemed satisfied as he walked back to the living room to call the others for dinner. But even though Tony seemed fine, there was a sense of 'wrong' that kept nagging at Bruce. He decided that pressuring Tony into talking wasn't the way to go about the problem, but he hoped Tony would at least talk to him about it.
Italia: Italy
"Cool! My aunt May's Italian, too. She tried to teach me but I kept confusing it with Spanish."
. You're just proving my point!" Steve yelled back. Steve flailed his hands, and Tony flinched back, hard. He tripped over his own feet in his haste to get back, falling on the ground. Steve lowered his arms.
"No!" Tony said, louder this time. Steve took a physical step back. He'd never seen the usually so cheery boy get angry.
Tony smiled softly, breathing a soft sigh of relief before he followed Steve to a separate room. Bucky stayed behind, watching them go, shaking his head.
"Look, let's just... sit down, alright?" She said softly, not waiting for an answer as she led the boy to the side of the bed, sitting down next to him. She put an arm around his shoulder, pulling him in close. "I don't know what's gotten into him, but Steve doesn't think you're dumb," she told him, her voice still soft. Tony balled his fists but kept his mouth shut. "Tony please, just talk to me, alright? You know I'm here for you, but I can't help you if you don't tell me what's going on in that head of yours." She stroked some of his curls from his forehead.
Steve plopped down in his seat next to Sam Wilson on the first day of another year in high school. He knew he should feel grateful for the opportunity of education, but
this is? That innocent kid has more issues than even he cares to count, your approval means the
"Oh yeah," Tony said, leaning over a bit, the smirk never leaving his face. "Very good,"
Peter shot his mentor one last look before shooting off to find his mentor help.
"Well, guess I'll leave you two to it," Clint said, starting to get up. Tony grabbed his arm, stopping him. He was looking at Steve with steel in his eyes.
They stayed like that for a couple minutes, no one saying anything, Peter almost afraid to breathe. Steve wanted to do a victory dance, because Tony was actually relaxed in a hug. After a few more moments, Steve felt Tony move in his arms, so he pulled back, keeping a hand on the billionaire's shoulder.
"No, acknowledging you're in pain,
"You good?" He asked. And even though he was very tired, Tony managed a genuine smile as he looked up in the Captain's blue eyes. He sighed, giving a small nod.
Peter found himself nodding, returning the smile Clint gave him.
"I know, you're right," Peggy sighed. "But he's been through so much as it is, I don't want him to feel unsafe even in school."
Enjoy!!
"Love,"
Tony was silent for a little while before he shifted, looking Steve in the eyes.
Tony was about to say that they were when Steve cut in.
And with those words, Steve kissed Tony.
He just wanted to give you space."
Of course, there were certain limits to that.
Missions apparently don't care about Peter's happy moments, they always happen at the worst times...
"Steve?" Tony repeated, brow furrowing in concentration as he looked Steve up and down. "Steve..." he mulled the name over. "That sounds familiar. Are we- are we friends?"
"Yeah, pretty sure you talked about your huge crush in school. What was her name again... MJ?"
About thirty minutes into the game Peter drew the 'love' card. Tony groaned.
"You're welcome, Tony. And when Steve gets back, he's gonna hear from me."
"Kid, he's not gay!" Tony exclaimed, copying his captain's tone. "He just likes boys, that doesn't mean he's- wait a minute!" He turned around to Steve, gasping dramatically. "You're
"School," He looked around, eyes landing on Steve. "Cap," Steve looked up, faking nervousness as he pretended to wipe his sweaty palms on his jeans, earning a slap on his arm from Tony.
Tony cast a look over his shoulder before seemingly steeling himself and nodding, padding silently past Steve and into his apartment. He looked around the cozy room in poorly contained awe, fingers reaching out to carefully trace some of Steve's art standing on display. Steve turned off the boombox, gaining Tony's attention once again. Steve motioned for the brunet to sit down next to him on his bed.
Steve blinked his eyes open slowly, looking around the bedroom of his apartment in slight confusion. He didn't know why he'd woken up- wait. He recalled hearing a sound of glass shattering. He yawned, closing his eyes again. It must've been a dream.
"Tony?"
"Shh, I know. I know, Tony. You're not dumb," she said, repeating it quietly in his ear until he calmed down.
"Mr. Stark," he began with a soft smile on his face. "If you were my dad, I know you'd be the best one I could ever have wished for,"
Steve sighed. Tony was just so
as I did when I was your age-" He froze. "Um, I think?" He added hesitantly. "I'm confused."
"Looks weird," he noted.
scusa: sorry
"Tony?" She said softly. Tony paused for a second before continuing his packing, ignoring her.
Tony's mouth fell open.
." He choked on the word, tears pooling in his eyes at saying it out loud. His words hung heavily in the air as the others tried to process the news. Bruce was the first one who spoke up, his voice no more than a whisper.
The genius himself was fast asleep, a book laying open on his chest, one hand resting on top and the other dangling off the couch. His breathing was soft and he looked so peaceful... Peter had never seen him this relaxed.
"Thanks,"
"This is Ana," he said, his voice a little hoarse. "She helps me with my PTSD and anxiety, as you just saw." He still looked a bit embarrassed at having broken down in front of two complete strangers. "I- I'm sorry," he apologized in a rush. "It usually isn't
"The best, Tony," he said once he'd caught his breath, almost losing it again at the wide grin Tony was giving him. He wanted nothing more than to lean in at that moment, press their lips together in the softest kiss, telling him everything he couldn't voice in words. But he knew he couldn't do that. Instead, he allowed himself to get lost in those whiskey-brown eyes as they got lost in his.
Tony looked up at Steve, clearly waiting for an explanation as to what Thor had just said.
"Oh, his name is Rhodey."
"O-okay," he agreed. "I'm- I'm Peter. I'm 16 years old, I live in Queens with my aunt and I'm your... mentee." Tony raised an eyebrow. "What?"
May looked up from where she had been reading her book on the couch, sighing at the sight of her nephew. She had been trying to suggest things for him to do all morning, but the teenager had just pulled a face at all of them. He had managed to damage his suit on his last patrol when someone had attacked him with a knife, and although the suit was already repaired again, May had forbidden him to go out again for at least a week. But the sight of her nephew hanging on the ceiling with the most miserable look on his face was something not even May was immune to.
So this is a new idea I've had for a little while now, and the longer I thought about it, the more I wanted to start writing. So as soon as my writers-block curse lifted, I got to writing this story.
seen Natasha show her anger so clearly before. He could feel her body shaking with the effort to hold it in. His cheek stung, but Steve knew Natasha had let him off easy.
"No, that's the thing!" He explained excitedly. "He never lets anyone in there apart from doctor Banner, who is still missing, by the way, and so that's, like, a big deal!" He rambled.
I think we've all had it once. I mean, Peter's life is just so
. Embarrassment flooded him as he felt his eyes burn and he quickly got up from his seat, biting his lip hard.
"Tony," the man said back, his hand shaking slightly in Steve's. The two idiots stared at each other for an awkwardly long time.
"I agree with snowflakes," Clint butted in as he walked into the room. Bucky was surprised he hadn't dropped out of the ceiling vents. "There was a
"Steve," Peggy called him back. "Make sure to let them check out his chest, too. I'm concerned," she instructed, soft enough that Tony couldn't hear. Steve nodded solemnly before walking out with Tony.
Steve softly pulled Tony into his chest, careful not to jostle his clearly broken wrist, soothing him with soft words. He heard heels clicking behind him and the bullies muttering an 'oh shit' as Peggy Carter marched into the hallway.
Tony's defenses broke. He closed his eyes, slumping against Steve and burying his head in the man's collarbone.
, for once. Please, Tony?"
Steve bent down to gently take Tony's head and place it on his lap. He softly stroked some blood-soaked hair from the billionaire's forehead.
"Are we watching a movie?" Peter asked softly, trying his best not to ask the question burning on his tongue;
"How can you come in here every day with a smile like that?" A voice from behind him mumbled. "Are you ever not in a good mood?"
"O-okay?" Steve stuttered, taken aback by the nonchalance of the statement.
"Tony's sick, right? So... shouldn't I help him out? Give him some soup, make sure he's comfortable, give him painkillers if he needs them? You can't possibly expect him to fight through the flu alone in his workshop, right?"
Steve's deep chuckled vibrated through Tony's body and they caught each other's lips in another kiss.
. To May, that was worth more than any money that man could give.
"It's okay," Tony said after a while, his voice soft. He was avoiding Steve's gaze, fidgeting with his fingers. "I shouldn't have done what I did, and I'm sorry. I'll try to do better next time."
"I say it wrong."
. He tried to swallow past the lump in his throat, tears welling in his eyes.
"I don't know how much Tony wants me to tell you, but I feel like you guys shouldn't be kept in the dark about this," he started, feeling the tension rise at his words. "Tony was assaulted in the hallway, although I think you guys know that already. I took him to the hospital, where we made some... disturbing discoveries."
When Tony shook Bucky's hand with a small smile, Steve felt like a weight was lifted off his shoulders. With a light feeling, he focused on Ms. Hill, happy his friend had at least shown compassion.
He was vaguely aware of someone talking to him but the sound was muffled as if he was hearing it from underwater-
- okay, you know what? Never mind."
Francese: French
Steve walked into work with a smile on his face, laughing at the excited barks the dogs made at his entrance. The clinic's resident dog, Dodger, rushed up to greet him, jumping up against him. He greeted all the dogs separately as he did every morning, giving them their respective foods.
"So you know I've been struggling with my anger issues lately, and the principal thought it might be smart to bring Hulk over!"
"Sorry," he whispered before turning around and racing out to where Happy was waiting.
"I don't know where these came from. From what I know he hasn't been bullied before and I'm around him the most. I would notice something that would cause this."
"Um, oh," was all Steve could say. He carefully set the extinguisher down. Or, tried to, but failed as he still held it upside-down. It fell on the ground with a loud bang, rolling away, out of sight. It was awkwardly silent for a while as the sound of the extinguisher rolling away slowly faded. Tony cleared his throat.
"Where?"
"Well, you have us now," Bruce offered. "I'm sure you can talk to some of us. I would listen, and I'm sure Steve would, too."
. Peter and May were standing behind him, looking worried. Why were they worried? Shouldn't they be in bed? It was night, wasn't it? Why was everyone in his room?
"Hey, Tony," Bruce called. the teen looked up at his voice, cocking his head in silent question. "You know that if anything's bothering you, you can talk to us, right? To me, to Steve, or to someone else." Tony bit his lip and nodded.
"Ready for today?" Bucky asked as they walked out of the dog rooms and to the lobby. Steve nodded and Bucky switched the old-fashioned open-closed sign to open as he unlocked the door. "Right on time, as always."
"He gets mad, Steve. He yells, so
"Oh, that's Luna, right? Sweet girl."
No, he wasn't fangirling, what are you talking about?
Tony started, and the fact that he hadn't made the obvious sarcastic retort that everyone was expecting immediately put Peter on edge. Apparently, Steve had noticed it too.
Steve hummed sympathetically, not knowing what else to do besides pulling his friend close and walking with him through the doors and to the front desk.
"Sorry, kid," Tony called. "I'm apparently past curfew. Happy's waiting outside to bring you home,"
"Hey, Tony," Bruce was the first to speak up, crouching down in front of the younger boy. "How are you doing?" Tony shrugged.
When Tony greeted him in the lab, neither mentioned it. Tony seemed so relaxed, Peter didn't feel right asking about the moment he and Rogers had shared. He supposed the two must have become friends, despite their history.
. "And he's, of course, the one you called a few minutes back,"
Tony looked at her, his puffy eyes wide.
Peter grunted, pulling the covers over his head.
"Mr. Stark called," she said, a slight smile on her face as she knew exactly what was coming. And she wasn't disappointed. Within seconds, Peter was next to his bed, big brown eyes looking right at her, filled with excitement and anxiety.
Steve didn't know how long he'd been in the bathroom stall, but his tears had long since stopped, leaving only a heavy feeling in his stomach. He knew he needed to get out, was very well aware of the fact that he was missing class (he'd never missed a class before), but he couldn't get himself to leave. Shame was pooling heavily in his stomach, making him feel like he could throw up at any second. He'd yelled at Tony. He'd
Tony flinched back, tears welling in his eyes.
"Would it be okay if I called you Tony?" Steve asked, as to make sure he wasn't overstepping any boundaries.
As soon as the elevator doors opened up again, he walked down the hall to Tony's door, only hesitating for a second before knocking again. The voices in the room fell silent, soft footsteps padding to the door. Tony appeared again, looking somehow even more exhausted than he had before. His eyes widened at the sight of Steve.
The door opened up a bit, Tony blocking his view into the apartment. He looked like shit. Well, still cute to Steve's eyes, but he looked exhausted, his eyes still slightly puffy from crying. His slightly oversized sweater hung from his small frame, the zipper all the way up to his chin. Despite all this, he still managed to smile kindly in a way that had Steve's heart flutter.
." Tony pulled back again, though he didn't leave the comfortable space they shared. Biting his lip, he gave Peter a hesitant look through his bangs.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I would be fine with a movie," Tony mumbled.
"Thor and Loki. You met them earlier, remember?" Tony nodded. He let out a breath. He knew everyone here, which was good. But mostly he was just happy to be with Steve. Suddenly he realized something.
"Careless actions?!" Tony repeated, voice rising in pitch and volume. "
Sto bene: I'm good
"I stopped him," Natasha assured him. "You're lucky I was there. The kid's resourceful, I have no doubt he would've gotten out of here if I hadn't changed his mind."
"Steve, I'm okay," he said slowly, intently. His eyes only held honestly and Steve's heart sank.
"We need to do something about this," she said instead of answering his not-question. Steve hummed thoughtfully.
"See? Now I can understand." Her face softened. "How is it going so far, Tonio?" Tony shrugged.
, like outsider buddies, you know, and that just... made it a little less bad. I was afraid that if you started sounding like everyone else, you would... not be an outsider with me anymore." Peter scuffled his shoes in the dirt, his ears warm. When he did finally dare to glance up, he was met with Tony's bright eyes and wide grin.
Tony looked up at him with those big, whiskey-brown eyes, his whole expression open and honest.
?!" Loki was yelling now, his breaths heavy with rage, his hands balled into fists.
Luckily it's finally here, and I'm very sad but also excited to announce that this is the final chapter! I've had so much fun writing this and reading everyone's comments. I have a lot of ideas that I'm going to be writing on this account, like a small story I've started on Wattpad. (Sneak peek: It's about a different ending of infinity war, featuring an alternate universe, Peter ending up in a high school with the Avengers and a heckka lot of teenage Stony)
And just for clarification: Tony's thought process is, of course, in Italian, but I can't speak Italian and I'm sure most of you can't either, so it's just written down in English.
"Board games,"
"Hello, Tonio," she smiled kindly. Tony happily smiled back.
"I'm sorry," he muttered softly, regret evident in his voice. Steve was quick to shush him, rubbing a hand up and down his arm in a soothing manner. He subtly shot Nat a grateful look.
"I talked to him. Something you could've done." Nat replied coolly. She knew where his anger came from. Steve deflated at her words, dropping his head in his hands.
sorry? Tony, if anyone should apologize, it's me!
Please do let me know if you're here reading this, cuz I'd feel kinda silly if there was just,, no one here. So say hi, lemme know how you're doing, how's life, do you still hate me, did you like this chapter, i wanna hear it all. I'm desperate for friends.
you want to see in this story, please leave it in the comments. I'd love some inspiration for this story cuz I love it too much to let it go discontinued.
"I am not gay!" Steve exclaimed defensively.
"Your bags are in your room, that's where ours were, too. Your room is the second door down the hall." He pointed at the only closed door. "My room is right across from yours," he said, pointing to his own door.
Meanwhile, Steve was explaining the game, Crazy Eights, to Tony who nodded along to his words to indicate he understood.
He woke up screaming at the top of his lungs, drenched in cold sweat. He flung himself off the bed, curling into himself in the corner as the voices echoed in his head, the hands touched him and the pain haunted him. He was shaking in fear, fear of the voices, the hands, and the pain because he couldn't remember. He couldn't remember the names, the faces, the moments in which they'd happened. They were fragments of a horror movie- the horror movie of his own life, played out in front of him without a storyline. Terrifying images after the other and he
"No worries, I'll walk you to the principal's office, okay? We can see where you have to go."
"Hi, Mr. Stark," Peter said, happy to see his mentor was mostly back to normal. Or, back to the way he was before yesterday. "Are- are you okay?" He couldn't help but ask, just to check up.
Apparently, Tony thought the same.
. Tony would've laughed if he wasn't so dang terrified. He was half expecting the man to stand up and show off his wooden leg with a parrot on his shoulder and a pirate hat on his head.
The soldier suddenly sped up, reaching the very top and not hesitating to slide down the other side. Peter took it as a hint that he'd found something,
"Right, so I'm a liability?" Tony scoffed, stubbornly ignoring the way his eyes burned. "What are you gonna do, kick me off the team?"
When it seemed like Tony had calmed down, Steve pulled back softly to look him in the eye when he addressed him.
However, he was snapped from his peaceful trance when he saw Steve's arm move. Tony didn't seem to notice, the music never faltering. But Peter did. And since Siberia (he didn't know what happened, but he'd seen part of the aftermath, and that was enough for him), well... it was safe to say that he didn't trust the captain completely yet. His brown, watchful eyes traced the man's every movement-- who knew what that arm could do? Peter's mind raced with horrible possibilities as he slowly walked towards the pair, his feet not making any sound on the soft carpet that decked the floor. What if Steve would try and choke him? Tony wasn't aware of the danger at all, completely in his element behind the piano. Now that Peter thought of it, Steve had been looking at Mr. Stark in quite an unusual way lately. He always had a look in his eyes that Peter couldn't quite place. The more he thought about it, the more he managed to convince himself that Steve was about to kill his mentor. His breathing and heartbeat sped up as he panicked. The arm was getting too close. He needed to be fast or--
"I hope you're not actually stepping out of the team," Clint said softly after a few minutes of silence. "I don't think we could do this without you," he confessed, the honesty in his voice surprising even himself. Tony seemed shocked by it too before relaxing back into Clint's side.
If you enjoyed this, I have some stories on Wattpad that I am writing with different friends. If you'd like to check them out:
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter watched the robot roll away again, wondering how the hell Mr. Stark had understood what the one-armed piece of metal had said.
"But I no have dorm yet," Tony said.
Steve showed him how to properly eat the pancakes and soon Tony was taking tentative bites.
Charities were raised in his name- the world was
"Thank you, Steve," he whispered. "Really. I- I really appreciate this."
going on there. And I'm not just talking about the panic attack. I mean, that was
"Tony?" She called.
"Apologies, young Parker. Boss is currently in the living area,"
Tony was breathing heavily, a few tears silently making their way down his reddened cheeks. He shook his head, his curls bouncing on his forehead. Natasha sighed softly.
"I have no bag," he told Steve, a look of panic on his face. He had been told to give his bags away at the beginning of the day.
? Steve, there were people in danger, I saved them! That's not a
She quietly put her book down and left the room, walking up the stairs to make sure Peter wouldn't think to eavesdrop and pulled out her phone. It didn't take long for the person on the other side to pick up.
, Rogers," she growled. Steve opened his mouth, but no words came out. She was right. He was an
Hesitantly, he walked further into the room, closing the door softly behind him. Standing in the middle of the living room, he looked around to see a comfortable-looking couch, a loveseat, and a tv, a small table in the middle. He was just wondering why the school would grant the kids such luxury when a voice from behind him called his name.
"You didn't let him down, Steve," Nat said gently. Steve was surprised, he'd expected her to get mad at him. "You can't just make yourself love him, that's just not possible. And Tony's smart, he knows that too. But Steve, Tony doesn't hate you."
"Right, time to bring some bullies to justice."
In homeroom, he sat alone. He didn't want to spend this period in the same tense silence as breakfast. He avoided his friends' questioning gazes, focusing instead on some notes he'd made for his science class, not caring that he was already way too far ahead. Thankfully, everyone let him be. After homeroom ended, he made a beeline for his next class, quickly sitting down in his usual seat. Peter arrived not much later. Seeing the other boy's face light up, Tony couldn't help but offer a little smile in return. That kid's enthusiasm was infectious.
Tony pulled his keys out of his pocket.
And Steve spilled. He told her how Tony had asked him what love was and how he explained it to him. And he told her how Tony had told him he
"Better get to him then," he responded. He heard a tired groan from Tony, muffled by Steve's shirt. He pulled his head back, staring into Steve's blue eyes.
"Per favors non uccidermi," Tony rushed out.
"Hi," Tony said softly, waving at him. Bruce chuckled and waved back.
"He's already been checked out by our school's doctor, it's a clean break and just needs a cast," Steve said in further explanation. The woman nodded and typed something in her computer.
"I'm Steve," Steve said, pointing to himself. "You Tony?"
"Safety measures. I don't want some creeps suddenly chillin' in a kid's livin' room."
"You like a lot of people, don't you?" He smiled. Tony nodded vigorously.
"Thank you, Steve," Tony said softly. Steve smiled, pressing a kiss on Tony's soft curls.
"I was never really on the team-" Tony started, but Clint cut him off.
That's when Natasha got it. Tony was insecure about his accent and the grammatical errors he made in English. Steve pointing it out to him, calling him
got it.
Tony nodded enthusiastically. "Sì, he live not far. I still no know how I thinks to get there though," he said, frowning a bit. He called Hulk over, who entered the room with his leash already in his mouth, his tail wagging. The boy and the big dog had bonded immediately after meeting and Hulk loved to walk with Tony.
"People can be wrong, you know," Tony didn't look up. "I know that's been hammered in for as long as you can remember, and I know it's hard to let it go. But Tony, it's okay not to be strong all the time. And I know that's hard, trust me, I do. Because I've had the exact same thing planted in
May raised an eyebrow.
"What did she say?"
"Well, what can I say?" Tony turned to him once again, a casual but genuine smile only reserved for Steve on his lips. He lowered his voice to a deep whisper as he leaned closer. "I'm not really one for subtle,"
"But, but you never understand me," Tony whispered, another tear escaping his eyes as he curled into Steve's protective hold. The voices could never get him when Steve was holding him.
"No, Tony, wait!" Peter yelled after him, his own eyes wide and panicked. "I didn't mean it like that, it just came out wrong! Please, Tony, don't leave!"
"Whatever, man."
Tony stopped with whatever he had been doing, laying it back down on the workbench as he turned around, seemingly thinking it over.
Peter tensed, Cap rarely called the billionaire by his first name in battle. It was usually just 'Iron Man'.
As promised, Peter was allowed to come back the next day. When Peter finally exited the lift, Tony was already waiting for him. He looked a lot better, he was wearing old but cleaner clothes for in the workshop. His hair was back to the neat, gelled style it used to be, although Peter could still see some curls left. He briefly wondered why but decided not to comment on it.
"I feel your anger, brother. But this is not the way to help Anthony!" Thor tried, keeping his voice as soft as he could. "We must help him now that we know of his suffering. Getting angry will not do him any good, you know that." Loki avoided his gaze, his lips pressed together in a thin line. He knew Thor was right, which was new- usually Loki would be the one to talk his brother down from a rage-, but he was just so
The doctor nodded thoughtfully before walking back to his patient. He ignored the bruises as not to make Tony uncomfortable as the boy clearly didn't want to talk about it, but he did ask if he was feeling pains anywhere else before turning his attention solely on Tony's chest.
? Well, that's quite the understatement."
Tony shook his hand with a soft "hi".
Un po: a little bit
"So, let's go, shall we?" Steve said, a satisfied smile on his face. Tony turned around just far enough to hit him with a screwdriver, mumbling something no one could understand.
"I'm really sorry," he whispered once again. Steve shushed him immediately.
"How would you know?" Steve snapped, not because he was mad at her, but because he refused to hope that Tony didn't actually hate him.
In Tony's bedroom, the friends were quiet. But the arguing from the living room must've reached Tony's ears because he shifted uneasily, opening his eyes widely in a way that made him look young, scared, and vulnerable. In the short period of time he'd been around his new group of friends, he already had them all wrapped around his finger, and it pained them all to see him so uncharacteristically held back, his big, beautiful eyes lacking their usual spark of amazement at the world. Now, he just looked scared.
. That's a grammatical error."
"I've heard it's Tony," Tony replied softly, smiling kindly. Peter gave a quick smile back, more a tilt of his lips. He bit his bottom lip, clenching his eyes shut as he looked down. Tony gave him a concerned look, gently reaching out. "Hey, Peter," he called softly. "Can you take my hand, please?"
As the friends grow closer over the next few weeks, they find out more about Tony and Tony about them. They quickly found out he was basically a genius, loved building things, was prone to get in trouble, shy but brave, and fiercely loyal to those he let close to him. He was also intent on helping out his friends in any way that he could, so he'd offered to help Steve with Maths. Steve, wanting to do something in return, had offered to teach him English. He was amazed at how well Tony was picking it up. Even though he still made mistakes in his grammar, his vocabulary had expanded immensely and he could easily follow conversations.
I can't promise regular updates, and since I've been sick for a long time I'm going to have to work really hard when I go back to school, but I'll see what I can do. For now, enjoy this little chapter!
Peter looked up in surprise, fresh tears lingering in his eyes before they lowered to Tony's outstretched hand. He carefully put his own, soft hand in Tony's scarred and calloused one. Tony gave him a blinding smile, absently rubbing his thumb in soothing circles over the back of Peter's hand.
I'm so sorry to have left you all for so long, I swear it wasn't my intention. This chapter did NOT want to be written, as I got stuck somewhere halfway. I'm sorry it's a little short, but I wanted to get something out today cuz it's my birthday and I'm feeling great :)
"Loki?" He asked softly, voice hoarse. Loki shushed him immediately, hugging him even closer.
Because before him, Mr. Stark was sitting behind a piano, his fingers dancing elegantly over the keys, humming along softly. Next to him on the piano stool sat none other than Captain America himself, looking at Tony with a soft smile and something that looked like adoration in his blue eyes. But Peter didn't focus on that as he found himself slightly entranced, watching his mentor's fingers dance softly across the keys with practiced ease, the soft tune it produced like a lullaby.
. He'd never felt this kind of rage before. It was tinted with something else- worry? Fear? Concern? All of the above? He couldn't tell. But it was making him see red, unable to think clearly.
"Hey, hey, that's okay, Tony. Let's just go outside, yeah? It's still warm out and it's calmer there."
"Scusa, I no mean to say that," Tony apologized, still frantically avoiding eye contact. He heard principal Fury sigh and put down his papers.
That seemed to break the dam. Tony shook his head frantically, sobs ripping from his throat. Slender arms enveloped him in a hug, and Tony sank into whoever was holding him gratefully. He could barely make out a voice above his sobs and mindless pleas but is soothed him nonetheless. Soon, his sobs died down, and he was sniffling softly while fingers ran soothingly through his hair. He could finally make out the voice as well.
It was meant as a joke, but Steve looked at Tony with pure adoration in his eyes.
Steve looked up from his paper. It had been a couple hours since the two geniuses had gone down to the lab, it was well past 2.00 PM now, and they hadn't had lunch yet. He was used to dragging Tony up the stairs to remind him to eat, but now that there was a kid involved (one with quite a big appetite) he started to worry.
Tony stayed silent, even when the doctor came in to take them he didn't talk. He obediently sat down on the bed, staring out the window.
Tony made a soft noise in his sleep as he shifted to lean into Steve's warmth a bit more, shifting around a bit before settling comfortably against the big soldier. Steve smiled goofily and decided he wasn't complaining.
"Hey, punk!"
"Well, Cap," the genius said, maybe a bit too smugly. "Let's hear it then,"
He jumped at the feeling of slender fingers on his shoulder, turning to see Natasha watching the boys disappearing in the distance. He sighed. "You probably already know what happened, don't you?" It wasn't a question, not really. Natasha could find anything out if she really wanted to. And if it in any way, shape or form concerned her Tony, she wanted to.
"Oh, you'll love it," Steve assured him even though he wasn't sure Tony understood.
Tony kissed back.
"Of course he is," he said with so much confidence Peter was tempted to just say 'Okay!' and bounce away. But he couldn't shake the image of Tony's impassive face and emotionless eyes as he'd said
"Upstairs, genius," Steve replied, attempting to drag him along to the elevator. But Tony jumped back again.
"He wants you to play a game with them," Steve explained patiently. Tony bit his lip, looking at the group of friends and back to Steve.
Tony was walking through the halls towards history, a happy feeling causing for a happy skip in his step. He'd just had Spanish with Peter, who he'd grown very close to in the past few weeks, and his next class was with his friends. Most importantly, with
"Well," Steve sighed. "Someone was being bullied just behind the school and I decided to intervene, but as you all know I really didn't have any advantages in that fight due to my hight and, well, everything, really. So I missed class..."
Steve looked up.
"Yeah," Steve confirmed. "Most of the time, you can't stop thinking about them."
"Me too," Tony mumbled.
"I live...
"Why not, Tony?" Steve asked softly. "The doctor just wants to help--"
Clint let his head fall back and closed his eyes.
After tucking his youngest friend in bed, he walked back to the living room, seeing the rest of the group already gathered there. He took a deep breath before taking a seat to face all of them.
Peter hurried over to flop down on the couch, taking a bowl with snacks on his way there. He offered Tony some, who was quick to refuse.
"Yes, really," came the response. Steve ran his fingers through the messed up hair, relishing in the warm feeling of Tony's breath from where his head was leaning against his broad chest.
Sorry again for the late update and the next, I do hope you enjoyed!
He started walking towards the kid's next class, making sure the boy followed him. Which he did, albeit hesitantly. He looked tense as he fell into step slightly behind him. Steve decided to try and make him more comfortable.
pain otherwise!"
After everyone had finished unpacking they settled in the living room. Natasha, Bruce, Sam, and Clint had come over as well and Thor had managed to drag Loki from his room, and they played another round of Crazy Eights (mostly because Tony really liked it and no one could say no to him) before settling in front of the tv for a Disney movie (Tony hadn't seen the Lion King before and that just wouldn't do). Bruce eventually got up to make dinner for all of them and soon the smell of lasagna filled the shared space. Tony immediately perked up at the smell.
"Bye Mr. Steve!" He yelled towards the only man still in the kitchen before disappearing around the corner. Steve chuckled to himself. Peter and Tony were basically the same, especially if Tony showed his brown curls like that. He shook his head, grabbed his coffee and made his way over to the main area. He sat down next to Natasha, who was still sitting there, Clint opposite of her.
"... And yesterday," Clint confirmed. "Doesn't mean I get in
"Why are
brain,"
"Yours doesn't," Tony muttered, and Steve knew, judging from the weak comeback, that Tony was probably already more out of it than he was willing to show.
He took a deep breath before walking in and sitting down next to the girl sitting alone. She didn't look up, for which he was grateful. He was just giving himself a mental pep talk (which wasn't going so swell) when a tap on his shoulder had him turn around.
Until Tony finally came out.
He took another breath, steeling himself for what he was about to say.
When the kitchen came into view, he saw the captain leaning against the counter talking to a rather ruffled Tony Stark, who was quickly downing a cup of coffee.
Only Cap, Nat, Clint, and Tony were in the room. Nat was occupying a whole couch while reading a Russian book. Clint and Cap were on either side of a different couch, Clint reading a book and Cap half asleep on the other side, his head resting on his fist. Tony was in between them, his feet in Clint's lap and his head in Steve's. The Captain was running his fingers lazily through the drug-fed billionaire's brown curls.
The interior looked like nothing Tony had seen before in an animal shelter. The walls were painted in an easy color, for which he was grateful. It smelled like animals, but in a good way. There were some comfortable looking chairs and a table with magazines and comics in a room to the left, a hallway to the right obviously leading to the dog section of the building, if the loud barking was any indication. Behind the front desk was a tall blond man, who was staring at him in a way that made Tony squirm.
They entered the yard to see a blue sky and small groups at different tables, some birds chirping in the trees and some squirrels looking for food in the grass. Steve gently steered Tony towards his friend group's standard table in the grass. He could already see Clint, Thor, and Loki sitting at the table, playing a game Clint was clearly losing at.
"Hello," he smiled.
"It's a big interest of mine," Bruce said, straightening his glasses. Tony raised an eyebrow.
Thor and Loki were still in the living room. Thor gently but firmly held his brother's shoulders, speaking to him softly.
"I take it these didn't happen in a fight such as the one that caused the broken wrist?" He asked, though it wasn't exactly phrased a question. Steve's face was confirmation enough.
I am so happy with all the kudos and comments you guys are leaving on this book, it's amazing! Thank you so much, it gives me the motivation to keep going with this story!
"Oh, you have science! There's a really nice kid in your class, Bruce. He will gladly help you if you ask."
This caused Peter to look back, stumbling over to the two as fast as he could. Tony was breathing shallow, uneven and uneasy breaths, but it was an improvement from the lifeless look he'd had before.
I'm not familiar with the American school system, so I just made some things up to make it fit the story. The dorms are based on what we have here in my country because my sister is living in this sort of dorm now and I really liked that idea.
"No," Peter interrupted, causing Tony to look up.
Peter furrowed his brows but didn't question it as he stepped back into the elevator. Surely Mr. Stark was aware that he was here, right? FRIDAY closed the elevator doors and soon Peter felt the box going up. It wasn't long before the doors opened again, allowing the teenager to step out. He didn't get much farther than that, however, as an unexpected sound made him freeze.
Tony nodded, opening his bag and pulling out a bag of moldy sandwiches. Steve scrunched up his nose.
"Are you... are you my family?" He asked, hesitant in a way Tony Stark rarely ever was. Steve resisted the urge to let out the slightly inhuman noise he was sure would've come out of his mouth, seeing the Parkers tense behind him.
"Nothing, I just- Mentee? That's it?" He sounded a little disappointed.
"Hey!" A familiar voice yelled from further down the hall. "Let him go, Schmitt!"
"Right," Tony nodded, looking at his feet. "Well, I should really go back inside. Really, I wish I could help you out with your strange noises, but I didn't hear anything. I guess it must've just been the wind." He smiled. Steve smiled back, knowing better than to pry.
"You're cute, kid."
"Steve, let go I can't- I can't breathe..."
"You promise?" He asked, holding up his pinky finger. Steve smiled, pinky finger locking onto Tony's, dwarfing the younger boy's hand with his own.
Tony nodded and the game began. Steve helped him out in the beginning, but soon enough Tony got the hang of it on his own and he was enjoying the game. Sam, who noticed the lack of food, offered him some of his own. Which, of course, started off a train reaction and soon Tony had more food than he could stomach. He looked wide-eyed at Steve for advice, who just chuckled and offered to share, which Tony was happy to do.
"Um, Cap-Steve, Steve told me..." he whispered, looking anywhere but his mentor's eyes. Said mentor fell back in his chair with an exaggerated sigh.
"Hello, Ms. Carter," he greeted her politely. "You know Tony?" He asked curiously. Peggy chuckled.
"He was
They were about to turn around, so Steve figured this was the best time to announce his presence. He pushed the door open, gaining the attention of the two geniuses.
He wasn't ready for the slap he received.
"We were
Peter put his foot down, took a big bite of the apple and set it apart to tie his other shoe, May patiently waiting for him to finish his bite. When he did, he spoke with such a big grin on his face, May was worried he was going to pull a muscle.
Tony, who had no idea what that meant, just smiled at having been able to make the friends laugh. They continued the game, all silently munching on their lunch and bickering back and forth good-naturedly. Tony let out a sad little noise when the bell rang, signaling the end of their lunch break. Steve laughed at the boy's sad look.
Steve, who had still been discussing inaccurate history movies with Nat and Clint, suddenly noticed Tony was no longer holding his hand. He tuned out Clint's voice as he rambled on about one thing or another as he looked back for his missing boyfriend.
"That'll sometimes happen," May told him kindly. "You'll recover your memories gradually as you go." Tony nodded as if that explained everything.
"What is dorm?" Tony asked.
Tony nodded and reluctantly left Steve's side to find his class. Steve watched him disappear in the crowd with a fond smile before heading off to his own class.
"Well, that was quite something," a feminine voice from behind him said. Bucky laughed at Natasha's words.
"I hope!" Tony nodded, biting his bottom lip and smiling shyly. "So... you good at science?"
"Okay, um... Never have I ever skipped class," Peter asked the Captain with a wide grin on his face.
Usually, when he was in this position, Ana would walk between his legs and push his face up with hers to distract him and to allow him to cling to her if that's what he needed. Now, however, she had merely pushed her snout in his hand, licking his fingers. She hadn't moved besides that.
Peter came to a stop, turned around, ran back to the car, got out his bag, spoke a quick 'thanks Happy', and was gone before the not-so-happy Happy could even shoot him his most annoyed look.
"Come in," he called. The door creaked open, Tony's head peeking shyly into the room.
"We don't have history right now," Steve grumbled. As he'd predicted, the weird feeling in his stomach was back. He didn't want it there. He didn't want
"I am dr. Erskine," the German man told him kindly. "Am I allowed to look at your arm, Tony?" Tony nodded and held out his left arm, allowing the doctor to gently take it in his hands. "Now, how has this happened?" He asked. Tony looked away, unwilling to answer the question.
"Alright, I suggest the youngest begins?" He states, looking over to Peter who nods in response, clapping in his hands like the excited kid he is. He immediately grabbed a card from the pile and flipped it. He snickered before reading it out loud.
what makes you weak," Tony argued, eyes emotionless. Natasha knew that look. She herself used it more than she'd like to admit. And she knew exactly how
"Do you speak more languages?" Natasha joined the conversation. Tony seemed to turn a bit shy at talking to someone he didn't know, but he nodded anyway.
Until one day, it was time. He didn't know exactly how it happened, he didn't remember closing his eyes. But he opened them to see Tony's youthful face in front of him, his hand outstretched to help him up. Steve took it numbly, unable to look away from Tony,
"Oh, hi kid," Tony said casually. "Forgot you were still there. Let's go, shall we?"
Tony nodded happily.
good at Spanish. He told Peter about how he lived in Italy with his mom and some friends, Ana and Edwin Jarvis, and how he would sometimes go out onto one of the canals by their house to see the city at night and watch the stars. But when Peter asked why he left, Tony just shook his head and stopped talking.
He fell asleep with a smile on his face, knowing he was going to be okay.
"Tony?" He called. "Tony, I'm sorry. Can we please talk? I-I wanna make it up to you."
"No, I'm a telepath," Tony answered dryly, his unreadable look never changing. Peter's eyes went wide, causing Tony to roll his own. "Of course not, smartass," Peter chucked nervously in relief. Suddenly, a thought occurred.
"Excuse me?"
"Yes! I can pet dog!"
I'm so sorry for not updating for so long, I just got really sick and I had to catch up with a lot of schoolwork so I didn't really have time to write. Don't worry, this story is still active. I'm not sure if I like my writing style in this particular work but excited comments give me motivation :)
And Tony knew he spoke the truth. His throat felt tight as tears pooled in his eyes, and soon he was pulled into loving arms, warm hands on his back, head, arms, and legs as his friends surrounded him, supporting him and never judging his tears. He fell asleep in their warmth, spreading from his skin to his very bones, warming him on the inside. And he felt things he hadn't in a long time. He felt loved, he felt safe.
"Come on, they're not gonna do anything," Steve assured.
The kid bit his lip and nodded.
Peter was silent for a long time, and Tony felt the pride in his chest shimmer as the silence stretched. Did he make a fool of himself? Did Peter even understand him at all? His nails unconsciously dug into the skin of his arm.
"How long?" Was all he asked.
"Hey, please," he panted, the hand pressing painfully on his chest. "Please, stop," he begged. He didn't know what he'd done wrong, so he didn't know how to make it right, either.
"I bet he is," Bruce chuckling at the kid's antics and broken English. "Are they all your friends?"
"You say you won't get mad," Tony's small voice shook Steve from his staring and he noticed that he indeed had been getting angry the longer he looked at his friend. He took a breath to calm himself before looking his friend in the eye.
"Wow, dude," Clint exclaimed suddenly. "That's a cool accent! Where are you from?"
Peter gulped audibly.
"He's my unofficial nephew. His father and I were friends for a long time," she explained. "Steve, do you mind helping Tonio out with this? He knows of the second world war, but, as you may have noticed, he is not very good at English yet."
?" He whispered. "I like dogs. Lots. He coming here?"
He froze, blinking hard. He didn't know where that thought had come from. He looked away from Tony and Loki, ignoring Natasha's burning stare. He tried to act as he normally would as they finished dinner, although he couldn't help walking to his room a little faster than usual. He locked the door, flopping down gracelessly on his bed, groaning into his pillow.
"She- um, she said I'm- I'm practically- um, 'raising' you, how I'm becoming, eh, my... dad," Tony said, looking down at his fiddling hands in his lap. Peter was taken back for a moment. His mentor never stuttered. Tony Stark was never nervous. And the way he'd said 'dad' told Peter enough about their real relationship.
," Steve said before Tony had even finished his sentence. Tony stopped talking, frowning at him.
I'm sorry for any errors in grammar in this or the previous chapters, I'm not English... I hope you enjoy this new chapter!
"I'm staying here to take care of you," Steve replied. "I don't like the idea of leaving you here alone."
"Please, don't do this to me," he begged, tears forming in his eyes, his voice nothing more than a whisper. "Don't do this, Tony. Open those eyes, please,"
"Tony had scars, a lot of them. Bruises, too. They were older, so it couldn't have been from anyone in school." He took another deep breath, his heart beating loudly in his ears. "Guys, Tony's been...
I think that's quite self-explanatory
"What. Comment?"
"Yeah, it is. Point is, if you talk to someone about what's bothering you, they can help you with it." He said carefully, hoping his message would come across.
So they let him be. They simply told the teachers he wasn't feeling well and made sure to leave the boy enough food when they left. Every day, they would try to talk to him through the closed door, but the boy only ever opened up to accept the food they offered or hand them back his dirty dishes.
Hill nodded and disappeared into one of the other rooms. Fury got up with a grunt, moving one of the paintings of someone Tony didn't recognize, revealing a large safe. He punched in a code and opened the safe to reveal rows of keyholders, most of which were empty. He took out one set of keys, closed the door and covered it back up with the painting. Noticing Tony's stare, he explained.
"Okay, I'll stay. You can't do this without me, anyway."
in his name. People carried on his work, Steve and the Avengers working on keeping his memory alive. Memorials were held. People mourned all over the world for a hero they never deserved. Memorials were placed in various different countries. People took to the streets in groups or individually, making sure Tony Stark would never be forgotten. Graffiti paintings appeared at an alarming rate, although no one seemed to be too eager to stop it.
"Y-yes. I mean, no-" he stuttered, a blush coloring his cheeks. Tony gave him an amused look, his brown eyes twinkling. "I mean, I heard some noises from my apartment -I live below you- and I was just- I just wanted to check- to see if you're, uh, alright?"
when you're spending time with your favorite superheroes and the AI in the ceiling (which is
Tony sucked in a breath, wrapping an arm around Steve's waist as the soldier pulled him closer to his side.
Steve quickly loosened his grip again and Tony started coughing, gasping for air dramatically.
"My dog!" He exclaimed. "He helps with keeping me calm."
"Hey, look," Steve said, stepping forward hesitantly. "It's not your fault, you've got nothing to apologize for." Tony sniffed and Steve resisted the urge to cup his cheeks and kiss that heartbroken look away. Tony looked up at them, his eyes taking them in.
(aka the chapter I forgot about)
"You want to say something, bud?"
"Okay. But no get angry," he said softly. Steve was confused as to what he meant but was mostly happy that Tony was willing to cooperate.
I was gonna make this longer but this was a really cruel way to end it so I did :)
"Well, someone's excited," May walked in in her pyjamas, a morning gown wrapped around her. When Peter finally managed to put his shoe on, he turned to look at her, smiling past the apple still stuck in his mouth. Nodding eagerly, he put his foot on the side of the table to tie his laces.
"Sir?" Steve asked tentatively, feeling more than seeing Bucky move beside him. "Are you okay?"
Steve groaned, and Peter beamed when Tony winked at him with his signature smirk.
Tony emerged from the bathroom with a clean face, though his eyes were still slightly puffy.
"Nope," his aunt insisted. Peter muttered something under his breath but was smart enough to keep it to himself.
Steve's heart sank.
bit," he said, using his hands to explain his words. "Un po."
"Okay, that's cool," he shrugged. "When can we go home?"
But Tony was already out the door and started to run, uncaring of where he was going, just needing to get away as fast as possible. Tears silently fell down his cheeks and his chest burned with the effort to keep in his sobs. He raced down the hall and out the door, running to the other side of the field to a tall tree and hiding behind it. Curling in on himself, he finally let the sobs escape him. Tears fell in waterfalls down his cheeks. He was shaking.
friend. So of course, it made him happy. Once satisfied with that deduction, he just let himself succumb to the happy feeling in his stomach. He wondered if Steve felt the same, or if Bucky was his
"Actually," he started, and Tony had to suppress a groan at the smugness in the blonde's voice. "We'd like to go a bit old-fashioned tonight." He reached down, causing Tony to almost roll of the couch, and came back up with a box in his hands. He smirked at the small company in the room.
"Good morning, everyone," he said, and the whole table froze. Because that wasn't how Tony talked. That wasn't what Tony sounded like. Tony kneeled to pet Hulk, who wagged his giant tail lazily in response. "Hello, Hulk. Good morning to you too." Steve's breath hitched. Tony always spoke Italian to Hulk.
He didn't really want to go up there again, knowing it was rude to stick his nose into someone else's personal business. But the thought of that sweet boy being mistreated up there while Steve could've stopped it- the thought didn't let him go.
" Thor would've flinched at the tone if it weren't his brother. "Anthony got abused, kept it to himself and was forced to deal with the trauma
"Antonio's kinda long, doncha think?" Bucky said softly. The small kid looked up at his voice but quickly ducked his head back down. "'s there anythin' shorter?" Bucky asked. When the boy just looked confused, Bucky pointed to himself. "Buchanan, Bucky. Antonio...?"
. Sure, Tony had been the cause of tears to her innocent boy, but more important than that, he had made a smile as big as the universe appear on the teen's face, just by saying something as simple as
Steve and Tony had been dating for a few months now, and neither could be happier. They took things slow, although they never passed a chance to remind each other how much love they felt. It was a nice change of pace for both of them and Tony found it was amazing to be able to say 'I love you' to someone every day. And especially to hear it being said back. He loved how he could just lean over and kiss Steve whenever he felt like it (which he made good use of). Steve wasn't shy in showing his affection, either.
"Wa- how?! This is the first time you guys played this game!" He screeched. "How can you win from me already?!"
Peter bit his lip as he watched Steve attempt to calm a panicking Tony down. He'd run towards Steve's class as soon as Tony had disappeared out of the classroom with tears in his eyes. His stomach churned in guilt. Why had he said that? Of course, he hadn't meant it the way Tony had interpreted it, but he could have said it a little better. Tony was trying to fit in, and he'd just told him that he sounded
"Tony," Tony whispered.
"You unnecessarily endangered your own life, Tony. I can't just let that be," Steve said angrily, his voice a bit too loud for Tony's comfort. "More importantly, you threatened the mission with your careless actions!"
At the end of class, they knew a bit more about each other and Peter knew at least a dozen new Spanish words. With a promise to see each other again sometime, they parted ways. Tony managed to find his way to history before the bell rang, and was happy to see Steve again.
Love y'all, have a good day! <3
"Tony, you don't have to do this for everyone," he said, his fingers still playing with Tony's curls. "It's okay not to be okay, sometimes. Everyone has their limit, and it would be unfair to ask you to cross it. So don't, Tony. Come upstairs with me, we'll lay in bed and I'll give you
or on
"And why not, Tony?" He said in a sweet voice, causing Tony to stick out his tongue.
It was silent for a moment as the question seemed to hang between them. Steve kept his eyes locked on Tony's, desperate to know the truth and yet so scared of the answer. Suddenly, Tony's wide, innocent, intelligent brown eyes flooded with tears and Steve felt his heart break. It was already confirmation enough, but Tony kept his unspoken promise and answered, his voice small and breaking as he spoke.
Steve seemed to have eaten a
"He says you overreact?" Bruce clarified. Tony nodded. "And you can't talk to anyone else?"
"He didn't sit with me at dinner," Steve huffed, knowing he sounded like a petulant child but he couldn't help it.
"Well, I'm sorry, Barton. But I was a 14-year-old in college, I didn't exactly have many friends."
for that, Steve!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Of course you didn't," Tony interrupted. "You ordered FRIDAY to do it,"
When Steve spotted him, he quickly waved him over to sit next to him.
"Please, no fight," he said, and Clint couldn't help but laugh.
"Alright just grab a card, Cap," Nat cut in.
"No," was all he said. Bruce was just wondering if he'd said something wrong when the teacher demanded their attention. Soon enough the boy was over it and back to his cheeky old self, mixing Italian with English as he talked about science. By the time they were halfway through the period, Bruce too had forgotten all about it as he allowed himself to be frazzled by the young boy's genius. He was almost sad when class ended and they were instructed to get their dorms ready and meet their housemates.
"I know," Tony said, still with that easy smile on his face. "What you said was unintentional and not at all what you meant to say. It must've been irritation that drove you to hurt my feelings in that way. I understand."
Tony warned. Peter threw his hands up, muttering something inside his mask.
Tony turned his head to see a fuming Steve outside the history classroom. The bully, Schmitt, saw him too and huffed annoyedly.
"I know he didn't. But do keep in mind, he's tired, he's probably scared because his brain isn't functioning as fast as it usually does, and not letting on he's in pain has been something that he's been told to do for as long as he can remember." Clint explained in a sweet voice. It reminded Peter again that he had a family.
"Where's the emergency?!" Yelled Steve as he ran into the lab, a fire extinguisher upside-down in his hands. He stopped dead in his tracks when he saw two pairs of brown eyes looking at him, both men raising an eyebrow at him.
A silent knock on his door had him frowning.
"Happy'll be here in 30 minutes to pick you up,"
"'sup, punk," a gruff voice sounded from the doorway.
). Eventually, he'd grown tired and they left. He tried not to show how much that upset him. The doctor told him that if he got some rest, he could be discharged by the next morning, under strict orders to take it easy.
"Promise?" He pressed.
"Nothing? Nah, man. That's awesome!" Bucky insisted. Tony blushed even harder, and Steve took pity.
"No, Steve!" He said, angrily. He'd probably meant to yell but his abused throat wasn't really in for that. "These weapons need upgrades, your suits need upgrades, Pepper needs the new invention by the end of this week and I barely have the blueprints, JARVIS needs an update, R&D is up my ass about some
Tony smiled softly, giving him a look between thankful and pleading.
"'That's okay. Say, this friend of yours, does he live here in America?"
"You lived in
Tony looked up at him, their brown eyes connecting. Peter suddenly noticed that they indeed looked a lot alike, and not only because of their mutual love for science. It was extra clear with their now matching curls, brown eyes connecting.
Steve snorted. Bruce was unfazed.
The last part was mumbled softly, but Steve and Peter both had super hearing, and they easily caught what he'd said.
"The snacks,"
"Tony?" Bruce asked, a stack of plates still held out for Tony to take. Tony shook his head frantically. "What's wrong?" Bruce grew steadily more concerned as Tony didn't move. Their conversation could be heard from the living room, where a frown was growing on Steve's face.
"What kind of 'negotiation'?" Peter asked, and Tony looked at him with an evil look on his face.
"It made you so unique, you know? Instead of just like all these other posers. Also... I felt like we had something in common." At Tony's questioning look, Peter rushed to elaborate. "Well, you're an outsider. And because I'm kinda small, bad at sports, don't have parents
JARVIS stilled for a moment. Then, the light beside the door blinked green. Steve smirked, giving a quick thanks to JARVIS before pushing open the door and stepping in. The workshop was a mess, but that wasn't anything new. Tony was a mess, too, but again; Steve expected that. What he hadn't expected was to find Tony hunched over his desk, his head buried underneath his arms as he tugged at his hair.
, make him terrified like this?
Steve sighed as he leaned his head against the glass door to Tony's workshop.
Steve," Tony sneered through gritted teeth, his whole body tense. He and Steve had been having this argument for a while now, and Tony was tired. They'd just wrapped up a mission which had barely gone right, and Tony didn't have the energy for this. "Tell me, you wouldn't have done the same in my shoes."
"Alright, then you're walking on your own," he said, crossing his arms. Tony raised an eyebrow.
. He didn't think he could ever face his friend again, not after what he'd done. He heard a knocking on his stall.
"Having had worse doesn't mean this can't hurt, too," she said softly, showing a gentle side of her only close friends got to see. "It's okay if you're in pain, Tony. It doesn't make you weak,"
"Tony..." Steve started softly, lovingly, while he ran a hand over Tony's leg soothingly. "You're not pathetic. You're probably the least pathetic person I know. Just because your body shuts down sometimes as a normal body does, doesn't mean you're pathetic. It just means you're human."
"Thank you," he said softly.
"Okay. Peter, let's go," he concluded finally, taking the teenager by the shoulders from behind and pushing him past Steve towards the stairs. Peter happily complied, letting himself be pushed forward, talking excitedly about how amazing this day was and all that they had been doing. Over-excited he raced up the stairs, calling for the two men to hurry up.
"Smooth, hun," he laughed in his hair.
to prevent her from going over to the compound and talk some serious sense into her. There were two things that had kept her from doing that;
"Oh, I- uh, I was gonna go to friend," he said, fidgeting with his hands as he blushed. "I am not leaving anymore. Sorry, was stupid idea."
Tony seemed to breathe a little easier after that, and Peter grinned widely.
Tony sat down in between Thor and Steve while Clint divided the cards. Nat showed up too, so Clint had to do it again. Then bucky and Sam came in, and Clint decided to wait until they were all here. But no one else was coming, so Clint had to
"Mr. Stark, you're being released in a couple hours! You can go home again! Isn't that great? I think it's great, don't you? Bye!"
"I just-" the man breathed in shakily. "I can't lose her, I really can't-"
"You betcha," Steve said, looking through some files. "We got two dogs and a cat that are being picked up today, the first one around 12 PM. That's the golden retriever with the broken leg."
"Hey guys," Steve greeted as he walked up to them, Tony pressed into his side to hide.
Steve hastily parked his car in front of the hospital, his heart beating in his throat. He rushed inside the all too familiar building, skipping the front desk and racing up the stairs to the room he knew he needed to be.
"Operation wingmen is ago," Clint said dramatically. Bucky and Natasha smirked, watching through the window as Tony laughed at something Steve said, looking far more comfortable than he had since he'd walked in.
"Yeah, well, don't get used to it, pretty boy." He said, grabbing his newly filled cup of coffee and making his way out of the kitchen.
When she'd finally gotten hold of Happy, she had yelled the poor man's ear off (she still felt bad for that), and demanded to speak to Stark. When she was finally done screaming, Happy had answered in an emotionless
Steve took a quick look at his schedule and saw he had Spanish, which was just down the hall. Steve quickly contemplated whether he should give directions or just walk him there. Then he remembered how little English the boy actually knew and his mind was made up. He smiled kindly at him and motioned for the kid to follow him.
"But I can handle stress," Tony protested, couching weakly. "I've done it for years, Steve. What's changed now?"
the destroyed building, climbing the big pile of bricks that had once been an actual building. There was barely anything left of it now.
best friend. Maybe Steve felt that happy feeling for Bucky--
Peter and Tony were working alongside each other in Tony's personal lab, and Peter had never been so amazed before. He'd seen some of the labs Mr. Stark had around the compound, and don't get me wrong, they were amazing. But, nothing quite like this. It was bigger, better. It had all they needed and more, three robots were rolling around, and surprisingly good music was blaring from the hundreds of speakers in the large room.
!" Peter said slowly with over-dramatic gestures, not understanding how she was so calm about it. "I'm going to a
"I love you too, Tony."
"That kid is a
"I forgive you," Tony whispered back.
"Oh, good," Tony sighed, completely relaxing in Steve's hold. "'cause I would've hated myself if I'd let
He sounded so tired, so
"Should we leave you alone, or..."
"How would you guys feel about a new mission?"
"Can you say hi?"
"What's changed, Tony, is the fact that you now have a hunk of metal in your chest. That you have a decreased lung capacity and an affected immune system. What's changed, is that the weight of the world seems to rest on your shoulders, and you insist on carrying it alone. But Tony, you don't have to. I'm here for you, the team's here for you. I'd be happy to share the weight. Just tell me what I can do."
Tony giggled softly at her dark look and she playfully booped him on the nose, eliciting another giggle.
"Wait, hold up," Peter stopped him. "Is no one going to acknowledge the fact that
"Well, that's not my fault!" Tony argued back.
Tony blushed and muttered something under his breath before getting up to wash his face. But Natasha had one more question left.
"Let's go home," he smiled. Tony pressed a last, quick but soft kiss against his lips.
"No. No money."
"Ah, I'm sorry," Tony said once he'd caught his breath. "It's just- you sound
"No, Tony. That's not what I mean," Steve said, stepping in closer before seemingly thinking better of it. "You saved lives today, Tony. And it was selfish of me to tell you that was wrong. And you're right, I would have done the same in your shoes. We all would. I just- I don't want to think about anything happening to you, and I was scared you were going to get hurt. But that comes with the job description, I suppose, and it wasn't fair of me to yell at you for it. If you would like, I would want you to stay on the team."
"Goodnight, sir," Tony called back politely. Steve was about to correct him to call him Steve, but Tony had already closed the door.
"Bye," he said softly to the wooden door before turning around to go back to his own apartment.
"Not much," she shrugged. "Just that he'd like to invite you to the 'Avengers Night', or something,"
"What now?" Sam interrupted. "I mean, Spanish and French I understand, but what was that last one?"
I'm not entirely sure about the ending but I really wanted to get something out there. Also, most of this was written on my phone and not beta-read so sorry for any mistakes.
"Hey, you cheated, you asshat!" Clint scolded Bucky as he was forced to wait a turn.
. Nat shook her head at his silence before walking away with large strides to follow Tony, the crowd of kids quickly stepping out of her way as she passed. Steve looked around at the people staring at him in the hallway. He turned and ran towards the nearest bathroom, falling on his knees in an empty stall before breaking down in tears.
"You will play too?" He asked softly. Steve nodded. "Okay, then I will play game," he said, louder this time so the others could hear him too.
"That's okay," Tony reassured him, obediently pronouncing his words as American as he could. "I didn't feel all too well, but I'm okay now that I've had some time to recuperate. The cast should be coming off in about a week and a half, the doctor said. And yes, Steve did snap at me a little bit, but it's okay. He's apologized to me already, this morning actually. We're on speaking terms again, although we haven't had much to say."
"I think the poor kid might need a day or two," Bucky said, casting a look at the young boy's closed door. Steve lowered his head, his plate full of untouched food. "Have you talked to him yet?"
"Ana and Jarvis die. I stay behind with mio madre, when she die, too. Padre say I have to live with him now. I no want to. I want back to Italy."
"Of course, Ms. Carter," he promised. Peggy quickly explained the assignment in somewhat accented Italian to Tony, who nodded and scooted closer to Steve to see what he had so far. Peggy watched Steve ask questions, Tony answering excitedly. Steve made sure to praise him for it every time he got something right before scribbling it down.
"I've had worse,"
Steve laughed at his pout as he rubbed the cast uselessly.
Everyone immediately went their separate ways and Bucky smiled.
Peter went as red as a tomato. He had actually said that out loud. Boy, that was awkward.
"What? That's awesome! May, I'm going to have a team night with the Avengers!"
"No, no, that's alright," Steve muttered, embarrassment coloring his cheeks. "I'm sure Peter wants to speak to Tony, too." He looked at Peter in silent question, the boy seemingly steeling himself before hesitantly walking over. Tony eyed his movements, though he seemed relaxed and open. Steve regretfully let go of Tony's hand, leaving the chair so Peter could sit in it instead.
"Mind if we switch places? I need to help him out," he explained, pointing towards Tony who was following about half of the conversation.
Peter looked around the entire lab, even checked under the cars, but he came up empty.
hurt someone as sweet and kind as Tony? How could a father beat his own
"Right, and saving their lives isn't part of that?"
"Mr. Stark said I could come back tomorrow!" The teenager yelled, rubbing his head where he had bumped it against the car.
"Food,"
" he said suddenly, making Tony jump and grumble something no one could hear. "If you
"Steve, I have stuff to do!"
"Tony-"
Steve kissed the top of Tony's head.
"Peter, sweety," May called into the teenager's dark room. "It's time to wake up, honey,"
No answer.
"Good morning, buddy," he cooed at the little puppy they'd rescued the day before. Steve worked in an animal shelter in the center of New York. They took in hundreds of dogs every week, giving them the right treatment before shipping them off to foster houses or adoption centers. Sometimes the animals were adopted in this shelter as many people regularly came by to look at the new dogs, sometimes taking one or two home. It was busy work, something that required Steve to work almost all day, every day of the week. But it was worth it, Steve mused as he watched the puppy blink innocently up at him.
"Should I stop?" He whispered softly. "I could stop, do you want me to--"
"Brother," Thor said, voice soft. "I know how you feel right now, I do. And there is nothing more I want than to punch the bastard of a man who dared touch our friend to the deepest, darkest corner of Helheim, but that is not what Anthony needs. What Anthony needs, brother, are his friends, his new family. People to love him the way his father clearly did not. You
"I know, paramedics are on their way, alright? Just hold on for me, can you do that?" He tightened his grip on the smaller man as he started coughing, his whole body shaking with the force. "Just hold on, for me? Please?"
"Nothing, it was just some stupid-ass comment, it shouldn't have affected me that much,"
When he entered the main room in his full ADHD, anxiety-fed teenage self, the sight that met him had been the last thing he'd expected.
"Peter, I would suggest you calm down before entering the main area," Peter heard F.R.I.D.A.Y say from her spot inside the walls of the compound. Peter could swear she was resisting a chuckle, if that was even possible. Well, it was Tony Stark, who knew...
Peter was confusion.
"Hey, Tony?" He called softly. Tony's big, red eyes met his as he sniffled softly. "How about we just watch a movie until the others come home, does that sound okay?" Tony nodded and maneuvered himself over to sit in front of the TV while still somehow keeping his grip on Steve's shirt. They watched Disney movies for the rest of the day until the others came home with a lot of cheerful noise, which died down when they saw Steve and Tony on the couch.
"Mr. Stark?" Peter asked softly. "Are you okay?"
"No, Tony, please. I want to talk about this." Tony swallowed heavily but sat back down. "Tony," Steve said firmly, trying to meet Tony's eyes, who was stubbornly looking anywhere but at the blonde's blue puppy eyes. "I- I'm flattered that you feel that way about me, I really am. And I love you too, just not in
"How are you feeling?" Steve asked gently. Tony shrugged.
tired this way," Tony blinked open a heavy eye, smiling tiredly at the awkward teenager. "Hey, kid,"
"If you want to watch a movie, try not to get yourself blown up," the archer said before stuffing his mouth full with popcorn. Tony stuck out his tongue like a real adult before tapping the empty space next to him on the couch.
making Tony laugh, not Loki.
Peter finds out what made his mentor so sad earlier, and some more weird interactions between Tony and Steve. What is going on?
"I made him," he heard Tony say. His head snapped back to his mentor again, who was simply looking back at him as he leaned on the table, arms crossed.
The walk back to their home was spent in the same silence he could cut with a knife, but Steve didn't feel like breaking it. He felt if he opened his mouth it would all come spilling out and he didn't want that just yet. He unlocked the door, hung up his coat and gestured for Tony to sit down. As Tony made himself small on the corner of the couch, Steve forced himself to take a deep breath, sitting down on the other couch and calming his beating heart.
"We don't know," she answered sadly. "We haven't seen him yet. I don't think his condition is life-threatening, but they're currently not allowing anyone in."
tell you," he started, his right hand gesturing in the air. "...But we weren't." He finished eventually.
He got up, shuffling towards the door. He didn't expect anyone to be there still, as school had already started. Which is why he was surprised to see Steve, still in his PJ's, standing in the kitchen with two plates on the table behind him. Tony didn't know what he was making but it sure smelled delicious. When Steve noticed Tony's presence, he smiled.
"Very mature, Buck." Bucky just shot him a stupid grin before resuming his paper ball-fight with Natasha, another one of their friends.
Tony looked Steve right in the eyes, Steve's own look unwavering. Finally, Tony deemed it good enough as he nodded.
I'm really sorry this is so late! It's been months, I'm so sorry! I couldn't find the right way to write it and didn't have a lot of time, either. Plus, ao3 kept not saving my works (or I forgot to, that could be the case, too) so I had to rewrite a lot of it.
Peter blinked.
It was such an innocent question, yet it was the last push Steve needed to rush over and drop himself in the chair by the bed, cradling Tony's hand softly in his own.
Came Iron Man's reply. Peter shot another web, sticking one of the, to his opinion rather misshaped robots face-first to the wall. He was a bit further away from the main fight, to his protest, of course. Peter did appreciate the concern but come on, Tony wouldn't even let him run with scissors.
"Yeah, love you too," he said with a smile before gently taking the mechanic's arm and leading him away from the workbench. Tony groaned again, mumbling about how he wasn't the 'old one in the room' but let himself be guided away.
