Tony wondered if he’d been aware of being alone in the cold on some level. He wondered what that would do to a person. He rested his hand on the man’s forehead, smoothing out the lines with his thumb. “You’re okay, just take it easy.” Tony kept assuring him.
Steve kissed the back of Tony’s neck, lovingly nuzzling it, his hand sliding over his front to come and rest over the thick scar tissue on his chest, protectively cradling Tony’s artificial sternum where the skin grafts had come out slightly raised. Tony was so much healthier now, thanks to this operation and Steve was so grateful he was feeling well overall now. The last year with the reactor had been rough, and physiotherapy was an ongoing effort, but Tony was doing so well. Steve couldn’t be prouder or happier.
He smiled, nodding. He fetched a towel from his bag, sat down on the sturdy couch table and laid it out over his lap. She scooted down on the sofa into a comfortable position and laid her foot in his lap.
“Got it.” Tony was collecting himself, controlling his breathing. Steve got his belt on, oiled up his hands and set to work. He started with Tony’s shoulders and neck area, working on really easing him to lay down into the towel that served as a pillow, massaging the back of his neck and right beneath his skull by lifting his head ever so gently. He felt Tony inhale the scented oil deeply. This part was already familiar to him now, it wasn’t scary, he was relaxing into it, so Steve took his time.
“Do you want to sit down on the table, or on the sofa maybe?” He asked. “If you don’t want to, you don’t have to get undressed. And you can send me away anytime.” Steve assured him, sensing that he had to tread carefully.
Sam made an amused sound. “The fact that you think I can make him do anything.” Sam smiled. “Harder.” He said softly and Steve complied, digging his fingers a little deeper into the bottom of Sam’s foot. After that, he focused on Sam’s body in silence for a while, turning him over and working on the front of his legs for a bit. He could feel Sam’s gaze on him occasionally, wondering what Sam saw.
His heart was pounding when he entered the lobby, but he smiled at the receptionist when he signed in. He was searched with the same care as last time and led into the same elevator by a security lady in a sleek black suit. She was nice to Steve but her air of no-nonsense was unmistakably professional.
“Easy.” Stark warned when Steve worked over his lower back and Steve softened his touch even more, working on him ever so gently now.
He was aiming a little blindly, trusting Steve to kiss him. The angle was familiar though, and so was the feeling of Steve’s lips on his. If he closed his eyes, it was like nothing had changed, like his husband hadn’t turned invisible somehow.
“You can set up here.” The security guard told Steve, indicating a wide-open area between the cocktail bar and the sofa area that was set low into the ground a few steps down.
He wondered what all made Stark anxious. He remembered Stark telling him he wouldn’t lay down because he couldn’t take pressure to the ribs, but he had a feeling that wasn’t all.
“Okay, no problem at all. What would you say hurts the most today?” Steve asked, because there was no doubt the man was in pain. He was pleased to see that Stark actually took a moment to think about that.
“Come stay with us next weekend.” Sam suggested. “We’ll throw on the projector, have a movie night.”
On some level, Steve knew they were going over the hour mark, but by the time Tony laid slack jawed on Steve’s table, arms relaxed at his side, breathing as deeply as the device allowed, two hours had passed. Steve looked over at Miss Potts, a little panicked, but she just gave him a warm smile. Steve smiled in return, covering Tony up to his collarbone with a towel and walking around the table so he could face him.
He stroked his hands up the man’s back and down again in a soothing manner, feeling the slight reduction in knots and tightness. After a long time in pain, even a little relief could go a long way.
“Rogers. I don’t know if you can hear me, but this is the spookiest thing I’ve ever seen, just so you know.” Tony said quietly. There was nothing he could do for the man, he could only watch and wait, still unsure what would happen if Rogers woke up. Decades in the ice could have done untold damage to his brain. He could wake up severely mentally disabled. He could be dazed, violent. There was no telling what Tony was going to face when the trembling stopped.
“Jeez-“ He startled, closing his eyes and resting his forehead on Steve’s collar. “Sorry, this is just so weird.” He explained.
“Neck. Definitely. Upper back. Feet.” She groaned softly just from laying down. Steve wondered if that was why Stark was staying, to see how Steve looked treating someone on his table. He was acutely aware that he was being watched intently. Stark wasn’t saying anything though, so Steve didn’t pay him any attention. This was Miss Potts’ time.
Nothing could have prepared him for the desperate low whimper that followed after another half hour of thawing. Tony suddenly remembered how painful it was to warm up ice cold hands after a long time outside in winter. This had to be the same sensation, except amplified by magnitudes. Rogers had to be in agony.
Three hours later, he was standing in front of a block of ice, approximately 8x4x4 feet, with rough edges that were only just starting to melt off and become clear enough to let Tony see the frozen remains of the world’s first and only supersoldier. Only the heaters in his suit or armor kept him warm. A block of ice this size radiated an incredible cold into the room.
Erskine had no living relatives, and so it fell to the heir of the serum’s co-creator or the people who discovered the remains to decide what happened to the body. Tony was both of those entities, so the ultimate decision of what happened to the remains of Steven Grant Rogers fell to him.
“Take a hot shower, alright? You’ll be sore tomorrow.” He told Tony, holding his gaze for a little longer than he’d intended to.
"Yeah, they already emailed me this morning, the deposit's been paid, so I'll be there at 8:30AM." Steve assured him. "You two enjoy your weekend away, you deserve it." Steve shifted Sam's underwear back into place, covering him with the towel to his chest to keep him warm and comfortable while he moved his legs ever so slightly to get better access. He started working on Sam's upper thigh, using the length of his forearms to smooth over the firm muscles.
“Yeah, it’s okay though.” Steve assured him. “It’s not like I mind being naked, I’ll just have to make a point to only look at you and not try to look at myself.” Tony couldn’t see his expression, but there was a familiar drawl to Steve’s voice that made him lift an eyebrow in interest. “Is that so?” Tony asked, getting on his tiptoes.
Steve smiled down at Tony. “Relax, I’ll start with your neck and shoulders. We’ll work downwards from there. If anything hurts too much, you tell me.”
Pain was difficult to treat, just being in pain made the body tense. Apart from the primary damage, Steve was almost certain there was some secondary interference. The man’s neck had been tight. Odds were, Stark had a habit of clenching his teeth against the pain he felt. Did he have migraines from it? Steve really wished he could get his hands on Stark again.
"You want me to do your glutes?" Steve asked, causing Sam to sigh unhappily. "I'll be gentle." He promised, knowing Sam didn't like pressure around that area much.
Steve remembered press pictures from a while ago, Tony Stark had been a vibrant man, tan and extroverted with a big smile on his face; a man who spent time in the sun with pretty girls or boys hanging off his arm. He couldn’t see that man in front of him now.
Steve shifted onto his elbows, looking down at his hand on the covers. “That looks amazing…” He said softly. Tony could just about make out his smile when Steve looked at him.
“Do we have a morgue on this ship?” Tony asked. He was assured they did. It was a tough decision to make. Right now, he was doing his best to control all outgoing communications. As soon as anyone leaked that this body had been found, the military and any and all alphabet agencies would be trying to claim it, or to get a piece of it.
“Not right now.” Tony added when he saw the look on Steve’s face. “But soon.” He admitted, leaving his sentence trailing off, open ended to invite Steve’s thoughts.
Steve was no stranger to non-disclosure agreements. They had been very exciting the first and second time around, when Steve had still been intrigued and speculated about what he might get to see in those special places, those homes of the rich and the famous. He’d wondered what the high society had to hide, whether there’d be hints of depravity strewn around his clients’ apartments.
Steve held his breath as Tony struggled to pull his shirt off. He realized for the first time that Tony couldn’t lift his arms above his head. Instead he wiggled out of his sleeves sideways and ducked his head out somewhat clumsily.
“She was meant to be back by now.” Tony explained, his voice low and a little bit shaky. He was clearly trying to pull himself together, but the fact that she wasn’t there was triggering something. Not quite panic, but anxiety at the very least, he’d relied on her to be his lifeline here.
He worked across the man’s collar and out into the top of his arms. There was a good amount of tension there, muscles coiling too hard. Steve would bet he slept curled up on his side, protectively shielding his chest on instinct. He felt the man’s breathing pick up as he followed the muscles from collar to the center of his chest, not quite touching the device, but getting close to it.
“I’m not laying down on that thing.” He said as if he thought that statement would test Steve somehow.
“Nothing, don’t worry about it.” Stark replied and Steve made a conscious effort not to snort in amusement. He was literally here in order to worry about it.
Making it home is the easy part, Steve is sure of it. They only end up getting in one more fire fight with HYDRA and Steve is able to get Howard to send a boat to pick them up in Europe. Easy train ride right?
The chef follows his distracted gaze and she punches him. "I know, right? It's so weird to be in the same room as the Tony Stark. Well, you look dressed for the party, but if you want to come back, I'm sure Meredith could put you to work." Before Steve can ask what that means, she's gone, presumably back to the kitchen. What did she mean Tony Stark? Wasn't his last name Rhodes?
The crowd is stunned into silence, then they begin to cheer, screaming in favor of Steve's victory. He dislodges his fist, and raises it to the sky, bodily fluids dripping down his arm. He wipes it away on his bloody clothes, limping towards the exit of the arena. He was almost sure his leg was broken, but it would be healed in an hour or two. Steve didn't consider himself a brutal person, but clearly his actions had something to say about that. Sure, part of it had been playing a role, but part of it had been loosing himself in the act of slaughter. Before he can reach the doors, Nat bursts from them, cupping his neck and pulling him down for a deep kiss. People cheer and wolf whistle, but all of it disgusts Steve. Well, all of it but Nat kissing him. That had become a.. a necessity.
"Oh yeah! Are you saying Tony flew all the way back to New York just to take care of Steve Rogers. Gosh, that's so sweet."
"Before you even think about it," Tony points a finger at him? "I don't even have a cat." He lets go of Steve's arm so he can open the door.
That doesn't exactly help Steve erase the visions of him waking up in Steve's bed, between soft sheets with one arm tucked around Steve's waist and—NO! Nope, nuh uh, that's not what he's thinking about. Steve squeezes his eyes shut, trying to ground himself with the feeling of the wet cloth under his hand. There was a task at hand. An important task. Like cleaning the counters. They weren't going to clean themselves. Steve lets his eyes open back up, keeping them firmly focused on the counters and later the glass furthest away from the stranger. What the hell did he even want? He was just standing on his phone in front of the cakes with that perfect hair and those ridiculous sunglasses.
It's three months before the phone rings. By then, Steve was just about ready to give in and bite the eight year bullet. Tony was crawling, and he had decided that the sight of Steve was no longer offensive, so they were getting along well enough. Howard went back to work, and Nat was constantly training. Steve assumed it was just a stress thing; she had always trained a lot. Maybe it was more—he didn't want to ask.
"I'm—Tony, I'm doing what you said. Play nice? For the money?" Steve rubs the back of his neck, shooting a nervous smile at someone somewhere behind Tony.
He wakes up with a heavy headache in a cell. In the cell next to him he can see Nat, still deep in a sleep, sprawled in a heap on the ground with her hair splayed around her head. He grabs the bars separating them with heavy arms. "Nat," he groans.
"Yeah, of course. I'll make sure nobody bothers you," he says, giving Steve a little shooting hand motion.
"Sure, but she's on bed rest right now, so dinner will have to wait." He turns back towards them. "Anything I should know about these?" He points to the stones, laying in their open case.
Steve leans into the touch, his eyes shutting it what looked somewhere between bliss and death. "Cold."
Steve doesn't bother trying to unravel what the hell that meant, because it's at that moment that Tony reappears, looking just as gorgeous and put together as he always had. "Steve can you come here for a moment," Tony says pleasantly. Unfortunately that was a smile that Steve recognized as Tony's well constructed press smile, hiding something Steve couldn't identify underneath.
"They're gonna have a kid." Tony looks up at him, then over to Peter, the tears in his eyes suddenly making perfect sense to Steve.
The sand under Steve's feet is clumped with blood. There is blood on his face, his clothes, everywhere. Some of it is his, most of it is not. Dead bodies litter the ground around him, three of them to be exact. Cheering meets his eardrums, aa he bigs his heel in the sand, letting out an animalistic growl at the last remaining man. He screams in rage, charging at Steve. Neither of them have weapons or armor, but if the fact that Steve's entire body was a weapon he would probably be kicked out. He sidesteps, tripling the other man to his stomach. He scampers away, but Steve lunges at him, pinning him to the ground.
"And uh.. you should learn to roller skate." Tony lets out a little breathy moan as Steve sucks on his earlobe. "And I think I want an alpaca. Not in the tower. Maybe I should buy a farm."
Steve was used to this sort of rapid fire conversation by now, so he hardly batted an eye before pushing away from the table and coming around to meet up with Tony. "Why I thought you'd never ask dear." With Tony's hand in his, they glide slowly in circles around the dance floor, throwing Steve back to their first dance at Tony's birthday party. Tony had been quite drunk by then, and he had practically hung off Steve's neck as they swayed. Thankfully, this time they were both stone cold sober.
"You did just say you were an adult Peter," Steve says, earning a look of adoration from Tony. Peter grumbles something about needing a new family, crossing his arms over his chest.
"We wait." He looks over at her. She doesn't quite seem apprehensive, but just a hair out of place, like she doesn't belong here and she knows it.
Then they do presents. Tony opens the one from Victor first. It reveals a coffee mug that proclaims "#1 rich sorta uncle"
Natasha walks out of the large closet in a thin cotton nightgown, yanking the huge silver hoops out of her ears. "I'd say a successful first infiltration of HYDRA."
“I wanted to apologise again for that, I’m glad I found you.” The female smiled apologetically. “My brother, he started his rut this morning. Two weeks early… He must have been in the early stages last night. If we had known, we wouldn’t have come out. I’m so sorry about what happened, Tony.”
“Steve, Steve I’m fine. I’m just a little short and not made for jumping over giant tree trunks. So I dug under it.”
“I said it’s fine, Bruce. Get home. I can handle them.” Steve hung up before the scientist could get another word in.
“It’s fine! We talked! Do you think I’d let him spend time with me otherwise?” Tony pulled at Rhodey’s arm to stop him from stepping closer to the other alpha wolf. “He apologised to me. He went into rut, he didn’t know. We’re fine.”
“I-I saw you before, you were with an alpha, he was protecting you.” The omega that he had followed out here replied.
With a sigh, Tony took another swig from the bottle of whiskey and grabbed the soldering iron once more. He had been using a glass earlier, but he got tired of refilling it. He continued with his latest job for SHIELD; some new tech for the helicarrier, looking over the schematics once more.
“Tyler. Just a friend.” The two alphas shook hands. A short uncomfortable silence formed before Tony decided to break it, spinning around on his stool to face Steve.
“Right. That makes sense. Show me the way.” Tony replied, stepping out of the room, closing the door behind him as the human began to walk up the hallway.
“Personal project. It’s good that you’re here. You can help out.” The alpha looked confused. “Bring it over here.” Steve nodded as picked up the shield.
After parking into his space at SHIELD HQ, Bruce got Tony out of the car, which was much easier than getting him in, despite the omega nearly falling flat on his face. Bruce struggled to get his key card out while trying to keep hold of the drunk wolf who wanted to go “make friends with Leafy the Tree”. Eventually, he managed to pull it off and lead the omega into the lobby as he was blabbering away about some tech that Bruce could barely make out.
“I can’t help it,” Steve said, throwing Tony his t-shirt before stripping out of his mission uniform, leaving himself just in his boxers.
The Strucker guy left, Brock Rumlow following. Tony watched them every step of the way until they left through the hallway doors, another man standing guard. The two men had caught the attention of the humans opposite, both now staring at Tony. The wolf gave a little wave, unsure of what to do, before going to join Fire once more.
“Most of my pack smokes, I don’t. I always bring spares in case someone forgets.” The alpha spoke as Tony lit up his cigarette and took a drag. She had bleach blonde hair and forest green eyes that were welcoming, her red lips curving up into a smile.
“I’m going to take Tony home in a taxi, then I’ll be back,” Steve said as he shuffled out of the booth.
The pack soon ordered their Chinese food and it was Bruce’s turn to choose. The delta ended up picking ‘Sherlock Holmes’, and the whole pack gathered around to watch it once their food had arrived.
Steve looked around but the pack had all pointed to the far corner of the room, where Thor was making his way onto the stage where there was a microphone. The lion was grinning as he walked over to a man who was sat behind a laptop and began talking to him.
Steve stepped back, allowing Tony to come face-to-face with Bruce’s wolf form. The omega managed to swallow a gasp, looking up at the wolf. Bruce’s wolf form was bigger than Steve, around the same size as Thor. His fur was grey but had a slight greenish tint to it. Tony remembered that Bruce mentioned something about radiation which explained the colour. Hulk, as Steve had called him, leaned in closer to Tony’s face, sniffing the omega. Steve stayed at his side, ready to interject if needed.
“I just think it would be good for you… Just maybe give it a shot for me?” The female omega gave a small smile.
“We were just discussing and we were thinking about going out this evening.” Bucky paused. “As a pack in our shifted forms.”
“Pepper thinks it’s because, like me, your hormones are naturally making you more protective. And I bet it doesn’t help that I was kidnapped. You lost us and you don’t want it to happen again.”
Reasoning: Thor couldn’t be anything other than an alpha. No discussion there. Also, a lion because that’s what he is in every shifter a/b/o fanfic I have read ever, and it just makes so much sense. And I have a soft toy lion called Thor. He’s just so powerful and majestic. I wanted him and Loki to be felines because they’re from Asgard and Jotunheim, different from the rest of the avengers, and different from one another.
Bruce just rolled his eyes before going back into the house. Tony walked over to Bruce’s car, leaning against it. He could still hear Clint laughing from the roof, the delta was going to land Tony in some deep shit later with Steve, but right now the omega wanted to avoid that and get to work. Tony looked up as Bruce returned and unlocked the car.
//“No one is forcing you, but your friend is right, you deserve to be happy. If you think Steve can give you that happiness, then you should at least give it a shot. You’ll only regret it if you don’t.”
“I-I was two,” Tony spoke up. “He told me it was my fault. That two-year-old me was responsible for my mum’s death.”
Tony walked back over to Steve but instead of sitting beside him, the omega sat on his lap. Steve’s hands instinctively went to hold Tony’s hips and leaned close to the omega so he could whisper to him whilst the pack went back to chatting.
The quinjet landed just down from where the pack village was located. Clint lowered down the doors so everyone could leave.
Steve walked up to the table between Thor and Loki, placing the pasta dish in the middle of the table before turning to Tony, taking the bread and butter from him and placing them down on the table too. Turning back to face Tony, Steve took his hand before walking them around to their seats, both of them sitting down.
“This place fucking stinks.” Clint groaned. The archer wasn’t wrong. “Like a shit, piss and vomit cocktail.”
“Just an ethical battle I’m having with myself.” The brunette shrugged before shaking his head. “It’s fine, my own problem. You don’t have to worry about it.”
Steve was about to tell Nat their location but froze and looked up upon hearing a sharp gasp. Tony, out of nowhere, flipped causing the alpha to flip with him, knocking the gun from Rumlow’s hand with his foot. The alpha landed on his back, winded, Tony crouching beside the wolf. That’s when Steve noticed the small dagger sticking out from Brock’s stomach, red starting to leak into his shirt.
“So, there I was in this hallway, I ditched the cone and tried to kick it over but ended up stumbling, Rhodey had to catch me or else I would have headbutted the wall. I was probably fighting the cone because I was angry that it wasn’t an effective megaphone. I almost fell up the steps as I reached the dorms, by this time I had stopped singing and was shouting ‘Cheese Balls!’ every three seconds.” Tony had no idea how he was keeping himself together, but Tyler was full-on crying with laughter.
“What’s up with me,” Tony muttered to himself, grabbing the bubble bath. “I don’t get this angry about little things. I shouldn’t have had a go at Steve that much. Yes, he was wrong but still, I shouldn’t have talked to him that way.”
Wow, chapter sixteen already. I hope everyone is still enjoying it. We're getting closer to the end of the first book and I'm super excited. I honestly don't know how much I'll be posting next week because I'll be super busy. But I hope to at least get the next chapter up.
The alpha nodded in response, Bucky leaving the room with Sam trailing behind. Thor and Loki had moved all of the blankets and pillows that were sprawled out on the floor, packing them away in a large chest in the corner of the room. Steve had moved the coffee table back into the centre of the room to let Clint, Bruce and Natasha sort out the food. The omega was confused, he felt like he needed to do something to help out.
Bruce had just finished his coffee break in the cafeteria on the ground floor and he was making his way up to his lab on the floor above in the elevator. Food and drink weren’t allowed in the labs, though he sometimes broke the rules if he was in there for long periods and remembered to eat. Stepping out of the elevator, he walked over to the door only to notice a male omega wolf standing at the door, muttering to himself.
Tony put on his t-shirt before wiggling out of his trousers. The alpha folded his uniform onto the chest of draws before doing the same with Tony’s clothes that he had thrown around the bed. Steve joined Tony under the covers, leaning in to give the omega a peck on the cheek. After a few minutes of silence, Steve spoke up.
This gave Tony the opportunity to look her over. They were around the same size, Tony only fractions taller. Her hair was short and ginger, more orangey and much brighter than Natasha’s and Pepper’s. Fire’s eyes were a bright and shiny amber and big, as most omega’s eyes were.
“Well, yes. We call them mates. We bonded.” Tony pointed to the bond mark on his neck. “When some shifters find a mate, they bond. These bonds, they tend to last for life, only in extreme circumstances they break. Or if one dies.” Tony paused, hoping the siblings weren’t too confused before continuing. “I guess it’s like being married in human terms? But much more extreme. We can feel one another’s emotions, their pain and things like that. But my bond with my mate didn't compete, so it isn’t very strong. So, I cannot communicate with my alpha. It’s very common with wolf shifters to find a mate for life."
Bruce caught Tony’s sad scent, making him feel guilty. The omega only had him and Pepper here, and Tony had mentioned he’d been finding it hard to find time with her.
“Fuck, okay, one second.” Steve pecked Tony’s lips once more before pulling away. The omega gave a confused look as the alpha turned around before turning off the hob. “No fires.”
The ride to SHIELD HQ was pretty much silent after that, the only noise was the soft music coming from the radio. Steve held Tony’s hand the whole way back, the latter resting his head on the alpha wolf’s arm, his eyes closing to get some much-needed rest on their short journey. Once they arrived, the pack was in movement again to get set up and ready to go out on their mission straight away. Steve helped Tony out of the van before grabbing his shield and hooking it onto his back.
“Listen, Barton. You will take the twins to the quinjet and make sure they’re safe. I won’t allow HYDRA to get away with this and have anymore illegal human and shifter experimentation. They can’t and won’t get away with this.”
Just like that, Pepper’s phone started beeping, indicating that she had to return to work. She shot Tony an apologetic smile.
Thor stripped down until he was nude in front of everyone, causing Tony to tear his eyes away from the feline alpha. Thor was hot, no doubt about it. Strong muscles, chiselled abs that could have been carved by gods. It wasn’t just the blonde’s looks, Thor has an amazing personality too; funny, caring and very sweet.
“Oh, Tony.” The female omega was right down on the floor beside him in a heartbeat, her arm wrapping around the brunette gently. “Can you remember our breathing?”
“Hey! Get off me!” Tony struggled against the grip, looking up to who had grabbed him. It was a male alpha who he noticed being from the pack that he had taken a cigarette from.
Tony ran out from the lake, Clint and Sam right behind as he headed back towards the rest of the pack. The omega turned back to see how close the deltas were before facing ahead once more, eyes widening at the close proximity of Bucky lying on the grass. Tony jumped over the beta in time and ran up and around Steve. Stopping for a second to look back at Clint and Sam before running again this time heading straight for Thor. The omega was just small enough to slide underneath the lion before running back to mini-beach, bowing down as his tail wagged.
The omega let his eyes close as he snuggled into the alpha’s chest, just happy to be around him. Steve’s arms wrapped around Tony, burring his face into the dark hair. Tony kept telling himself that it was good to talk to Steve about these things, that his therapist would be impressed with him. Tony let out another sigh before speaking up again, eyes opening and staring at Steve’s chest.
“Okay. Stay where you are, and I’ll track you down. I’m going to call Bruce then I’ll call you back.”
“You know something?” The delta asked. Steve must have overheard because he paused before walking over.
Steve had a problem. He couldn’t stop talking to Tony. Their texts were almost constant. From the moment he woke up to when he went to sleep. At first, the texts were sweet and friendly, but they had gotten flirtier over the past two weeks since Tony sent the first text. They had also begun to talk over the phone each night, sometimes Steve fell asleep whilst still on call but had woken up to a good night text from the omega anyway.
“What about Bruce? Isn’t he looking for you?” Steve couldn’t help but think about the poor delta trying to find them, panicked and desperate. He was surprised he hadn’t had a call.
“Tony, listen.” Bruce began, looking down at the omega, smiling softly noticing he was asleep. “Never mind.”
“At first it was an issue, but after being in a pack for so many years and having to go out on missions, sometimes in our shifted forms, we had to learn to communicate with one another. Somethings are harder to get, and Thor and Loki don’t always understand us either, but you’ll get there. We’ll help you out.” Clint’s tail wagged. “Think of me as your personal feline language interpreter.”
Upon hearing the door click closed, Steve began making his calls. The first was to Pepper, then to Rhodey and finally Brooke. Steve explained the story to each one of them and asked that they keep alert for Tony, for any signs of him at all. That they also ask around, to see if anyone saw anything or had seen the omega since. He didn’t want them to put themselves in danger by coming out on a pack mission. James Rhodes had left around two weeks ago with his pack, so Steve had asked him to keep an eye out for anything shifty in other states, instead of abandoning his pack.
“You guys are so mean to me. Why am I even in this pack anymore? All you do is bully me!” Clint whined dramatically.
Tony looked over at the back door, wondering what Steve was doing. The omega looked over at Bruce, who only shrugged in response, unsure on what the alpha wolf was doing too. The two of them walked back to the chest, Natasha and Bucky had both shifted now.
“I ran a scan to detect any changes with you and your hormone levels have increased. Mood swings are very common in pregnancy due to this change in hormones. I believe that is what you are experiencing.”
“I-I had selective mutism at the time, I couldn’t speak to any shifters except a few omegas and some humans, due to my traumatic time being around alphas and betas… I was also diagnosed with depression and anxiety, I had frequent panic attacks which could happen at any time, anything could have triggered them. One time I had one in the toilets, I was alone, and I thought I was going to die, but then someone was there to help me, it was Brooke. She helped me through my attack and took me back to the hospital building just behind SHIELD. Even though I couldn’t speak to her, she visited every day for weeks, even if we just sat in silence for hours. Eventually, after a few months, we would have whole conversations on note pads, I just couldn’t believe how kind this alpha was to me and one day, as she was leaving, I just said, “thank you”, subconsciously on my own. Brooke didn’t make a big deal about it, but the smile on her face said everything. After she left, I realised after knowing her for six months, I was falling in love and it caused me to have a panic attack, the biggest one since I was rescued.”
“Tell me about it. It was lucky your pack was there to help you out. That delta of yours packs a good punch.”
“Oh. Thank god.” Steve rushed over to the brunette, holding him close. “I thought getting you back was only a dream.”
The room next to him had a female inside. She was sitting on the floor, back up against the wall the male was looking at. She looked around the same age as him and had long brown hair. Her clothes were also the same and had the same bandage around her right hand. Her mouth looked like she was talking, and Tony was unable to pick up on her lip reading and his hearing, even as a shifter, wasn’t able to pick up through the glass panes.
Steve and Tony had ice creams the same colour as each other's eyes and I both hate and love myself for being that cheesy.
High Tony could normally be convinced by food, drunk Tony less so. Rhodey managed to get the omega home in once piece, half-eaten kebab left on the kitchen counter as the alpha made sure to take Tony up to his bed, lying with the omega until they both fell asleep.
The pack had left to go out on a mission, which was three days ago now, it was going to take just over a week to take down a large gang of shifter packs in Washington State because apparently none of the SHIELD agent shifters over there could handle the job as efficiently. Tony called bullshit, The Director, Nick Fury, would always send The Avengers out on more missions than any other pack, including flying them across the country into other states, even though there were perfectly able agents that could handle the job there. Of course, The Avengers a the best skilled, but sometimes Tony just thought it was ridiculous. That, and he got left behind every time.
Reasoning: Delta for the same reasons as Clint and Sam. I really did consider making Bruce an omega, but I wanted Tony to be the only omega in the pack (well, maybe it won’t be forever *wink*). His wolf form isn’t strictly a delta but isn’t an alpha or beta either. It’s more of a confused mixture of them all from when Bruce tried to experiment on himself to see if he could, as a delta, enhance himself so he could change his rank to something higher and stronger. The green tint to his fur is obviously in reference to the Hulk.
“You lot need to live a little.” Tony pointed to them all, each one of them had a questioning face. “Library at MIT. Twice.”
“So am I, drop it. It’s my workshop and my rules.” The omega crossed his arms. “I know when I’m pushing the boundaries.”
“We didn’t know how old you’d be, so we got a load of candles and shaped them into a T.” Bruce pointed to the cake whilst looking at Tony.
Reasoning: Just like Clint, I wanted him to be lower than Bucky, but not an omega and without making him an alpha. I also don’t know why I went with dark brown fur for Sam. I knew I wanted dark fur, but I wanted everyone’s fur to be different, so I went with solid brown after deciding that I would give Rhodey and Bucky grey and black.
3) Angel/Devil guide AU: (I don't know if this has been done before but I was watching the emperor's new groove and thought of an idea) Everyone has a devil and an angel but you can only see your own. Tony only has a devil (but he isn't evil) and Steve only has an angel, but they meet and discover they can see one another's guides. Kinda like a soulmate thingy.
“The meatball incident last year? The vast amount of arguments over pizza toppings? The food fights? You had a full-blown fight with Sam four days ago because of apple pie.”
The alpha wolf he’d come across in the woods had crossed into his path again, last night as SHIELD and Tony couldn’t stop thinking about him. They would more than likely see each other again and as much as the omega wanted it to happen, he was nervous about what the alpha would think. He was nervous last night, he probably thought the same as Tony, that their paths would never cross again after the affectionate night and the omega ditching him. Tony frowned.
Steve had been doing some research on pregnancies. While he knew the basics, he’s never actually known anyone that’s been pregnant before, so he had no one to go to for advice. While most human pregnancies last thirty-seven to forty-two weeks, shifter pregnancies tend to be shorter, especially with males, only lasting thirty to thirty-five weeks. So, Tony would be over halfway through his pregnancy by now.
Tony sat up in bed, smiling at Steve who was still sleeping beside him. Steve had apologised to Tony later that day, he knew he was out of order. Tony understood that the alpha was just scared of losing him again, but to not allow him to go into the kitchen alone was crazy.
“I-I’m going to get help, Steve. Pepper suggested therapy and I think I should at least give it a shot, right?” Steve nodded as Tony continued. “I started to try and compare you and your pack to my old one and it freaked me out even more. How I would let you down like I did them and you would all hate me and resent me. Banish me from the pack and ever seeing you again. I-I can’t do that Steve. I don’t want that.” Tony looked up at the alpha as a tear fell down his cheek, Steve reaching out to rub the omega’s cheek gently.
“Ah, I don’t normally do ultrasounds, but I can get that done for you, I’m licensed.” The alpha walked over to his desk, lights flickering on automatically. “Take a seat.” Tony nodded, sitting down on the opposite side of the desk as the doctor got himself sorted, typing on the computer. “I’ll have to get an ultrasound machine, but if you want to get yourself sorted and on the bed.”
Also, I put // again because a character is going to be talking about a sensitive topic to some (mentions of abuse, hints at sexual harassment and rape, panic attacks, anxiety and depression etc.) so feel free to skip over that.
Reasoning: Who doesn’t like alpha/protective Steve? He had to be the alpha leader of the pack. Steve isn’t as crazy as other alphas, he is very protective over his pack, but isn’t as uncontrollable as a lot of alphas are. I also liked the idea of being a smaller wolf and changing late, making people think he should have been an omega like it was a mistake until he hit maturity and he buffed out. I also wanted him to be golden because it’s the colour of his hair and he’s a precious angel.
“Absolutely not. We can’t lose our jobs. Let’s get you back to your room and go from there.” The delta reasoned, leading Tony over to his car. After ten minutes of trying, he managed to get the laughing omega into the passenger seat and buckled in. He had no idea why Tony was laughing at the word knees, but at least he wasn’t upset anymore.
“I had to find you. I wanted to come back two years ago. Straight after I found out the news. But I wasn’t allowed to go for another two years until we were coming back.” Rhodey pulled back from the hug, looking over his best friend. “When I returned and found out you were no longer in your pack, I had to get to you, to make sure you were okay. No matter how much I want to kill that asshole.” Asshole being Obadiah.
The group left Tony’s room, Clint claiming to know his way to the restaurant and talking about how it was split into two parts, aside for eating and another that’s a bar. The restaurant closes an hour and a half after the bar side opens and makes sure no underage people can get through. Clint continued to waffle on about the place as he guided the group out of the building and down the street. After walking up five different streets, Clint stopped, eyebrows furrowed.
“Are you listening? Tony?” The brunette turned to face Steve now, the alpha still clearly worried and in distress.
Tony had thought about moving in for almost two weeks, weighing up the pros and cons. He spoke to his therapist and he had encouraged him to go for it. The omega had sent Steve a text that morning after his session, saying that he would be willing to move in and give it a trial run. Tony grew more worried with each passing second after the text had sent. Steve had replied and told him that he could move in whenever he wanted. The omega had asked for four more days before moving in, giving them both and the pack time to prepare. Tony was petrified.
“Thanks for today. It’s been fun.” The omega said, dropping his bags onto his bed. The other three were also carrying bags of his as well as their own which they placed down around the room.
The door to the room opened up, causing Fire to sit up from the bed. She sniffed, smelling the burning rage coming from Tony. She watched as the wolf paced around the room, a scowl on his face.
“Hey, they know I’m awesome. You’re just in denial because you’re jealous.” Tony placed his soldering iron down and took another sip of his whiskey.
“You made this and you’re an omega?” Peter gasped, running over to Tony. “That’s so cool. Only Alpha’s are allowed to make things in my pack.” Peter huffed with a pout. “It’s not fair, I want to build awesome stuff like this too.”
The delta looked over the outfit choices before looking at the omega. “The dark blue one with the black shirt.”
Thank you so so so much for reading this. It really means a lot to me. I hope I've made people happy, and that you have enjoyed my story. I've really enjoyed writing it. All of the reads, comments and kudos makes me so happy every time I see I have more.
“You definitely have alpha tendencies to do that. I don’t think I’ve seen any omega talk back to an alpha like that.” The cheetah wrapped an arm around Tony.
Opening the door to the room he gently led the omega inside, a hand on the small of his back. The room was simple, almost empty as it was barely used. Steve let Tony go over to the bed on his own before looking back out the door.
“I- Clint. What on Earth are you doing out here?” The alpha lowered his packmate back into the floor, tone stern.
Tony went up to his and Steve’s bedroom, grabbing his bag. He was thankful that Steve didn’t snoop around and find it before he could give it to Bucky first. Tony held the bag close to his chest as he walked downstairs, Natasha giving him a look as she passed him on the stairs, probably being able to smell his nervousness but didn’t ask him about it. Tony walked outside, spotting Bucky lying on the grass and made his way over to him.
“See. You’re getting through it. I’m proud of you Tony. You’re doing well.” Pepper smiles down at her friend.
“You’re forgiven. Besides you were only following orders from your alpha. Now come on, I need to know what mischief you’ve been up to and how we can create some more.”
“Where are you?” The blonde climbed out of bed, putting the phone on speaker before slipping on a plain tee, jumper and some joggers.
The drive to SHIELD HQ was silent and felt much longer than usual. The whole pack desperate to find their omega. Clint parked up at SHIELD HQ, Steve getting out as soon as the van stopped. The pack followed their alpha as the blonde ran towards the doors to SHIELD. Steve groaned upon running into someone just as he was about to run through the doors.
“I’m sorry Steve. No one should have gone through that.” Tony ran a hand through Steve’s hair. He hated to think of what that must have been like. Losing both parents at a young age and then a group of guys that took him and his best friend in too. Steve had been through a lot but was still out there helping others with SHIELD and formed an unlikely pack.
Tony looked up as the en-suite door opened, Steve walking out with a towel wrapped around his waist his damp hair flat on his head. The omega bit his lip as he looked down at his phone, keeping his eyes fixed on the screen as three dots appeared, indicating Rhodey was typing.
“I- Just think about it... please?” Steve pleaded, looking at Tony with puppy-eyes. “Even just as a trial to see if you would like it. I’ve wanted to ask you for a little while, but I didn’t want it to be so soon, but I didn’t want it to wait too long either. I don’t want us to get too far in a relationship and realise you don’t like being in my pack.”
“Well, that’s a nice first thing to say to your guest.” Tony grinned, making his way over to the blonde.
Steve’s eyes widened at being caught by the delta. Bruce managed to hold back his laughter as he washed his dish, leaving it on the side to dry before leaving the room, just catching Steve cursing out loud as he hit his head on the counter.
“Thank you, Peg. I’ll head over there right now.” The blonde nodded, smiling at the agent before turning on his heels and heading to SHIELD Medical.
SteveTony previous lovers to enemies to fake dating to lovers (sounds confusing but I have it planned out)
“Shut up. Steve. Steve. Steve.” The three of them stopped in the hallway as Clint spoke down the comms. “Steve I’ve found Tony -oww! Tony found me.” Tony stared at the archer, going to hit the delta again “and saved my ass.” Tony grinned triumphantly.
“Well, that’s a first.” The alpha stood from his seat and walked over to a cabinet. He took out two glasses and a bottle of scotch. Tony watched him every step of the way without moving an inch. “Want a glass?” He asked, pouring the scotch into one glass.
Behind the dog, he notes a knocked over trash can with some old looking food scraps scattered about. Yuck.
Tony’s starting to think he’s not going to get any answer when one of the guys sitting closer to the end leans forward and speaks up, “Larry down on willow street owns a garage. Ya might get lucky if you stop around, ask if he needs a hand.”
Tony keeps moving forward, clearing the hallways one by one. He checks a few rooms that look like they once served as storage closets, but they all have one thing in common — they’re completely empty. Nothing in this godforsaken frozen land justifies the energy surge that brought them here in the first place. He’s starting to think the whole thing was just an excuse made up by Fury to force them to be in the same enclosed space for over ten hours.
He finishes his search and finds his car keys (the corvette’s), which are useless since he doesn’t know where his car is, and a pack of mint gum. Ok. Now he just needs to grab a cab and get back to the manor before Obie realizes he’s missing. And possibly drink this whole day away. Scratch that. Definitely drink this whole day away.
He suspects the mechanic job will be right up his alley. Now he just has to convince the owner to employ him without any proof of prior experience. Shouldn’t be too hard, provided he gets his hands on a wrench.
Tony nods, once again surprised at the low price and grabs one. The first thing that he notices is the headline written in big bold letters that calls attention to a War in Europe. He feels a foreboding tendril of trepidation setting in the pit of his stomach, just as his gaze lands on the date printed on the top of the page.
He lets his head drop against the wall he’s propped up against with a weary sigh, looking heavenwards as if the sky will somehow grant him the magic solution to all his problems. Not praying, never praying, because if there really was a God, it wouldn’t have taken his mom now, would it? His dad? Sure, and they could keep the bastard. But his
Tony follows, enters the chamber, brings his arm repulsors up just for precaution and sees… nothing. Absolutely nothing that would explain their presences here. There’s a single table in the center of the room, some kind of small circular object resting on it.
Pushing back the panic that was rearing its ugly head again he rushes out of the back alley. There are some other people already outside, but he was still near the bar he’d gotten his liquor from last night, so he didn’t get that many looks thrown his way.
“Maybe something more mechanic?” he asks tentatively as the men exchange some looks amongst themselves.
It’s Rogers, he’s in a low crouch in front of him. When did he get here? He was across the room a second ago, trying to break the door open. It won’t work-- it won’t
He sighs and walks further inside the room, looking around for any clues to what might explain the energy surge picked up by Shield.
Putting it back in, now that he’s seen how everything connected in this older model version, is child’s play.
It’s still early -- he left the boarding house after breakfast; figured he could reach the shop right before opening hours and catch the owner alone -- so the garage door is only half away open.
“What does it look like, Rogers? We’re not paid to sit around and look pretty -- well, I’m not paid at all, but that’s besides the point. I’m going in.”
The sound of the stupid vacuum is deafening in his ears. Did it get louder? Tony could swear it had gotten louder. And hadn’t Rogers been saying something? Tony can’t hear anything, not over that god awful ringing in his ears. He can’t even hear himself think-- he
As it were, everytime Barnes opened his mouth, he acutely reminded Tony of who exactly he was walking next to, which made him think of his connection to Captain America, which in turn dug up a lot of unpleasant memories starring himself and his daddy issues.
“You gotta lighten up, Roge--” he cuts himself off as he throws the device in the air a third time and hears a rattling sound from inside.
He approaches the line, feeling just the tiniest bit self-conscious to be in public for what was probably the first time in many, many years of his life. Which is completely absurd, these people are the crazy ones, not him.
He’d recognize that face anywhere; even if he hadn’t spent the better part of his childhood being held to same standards as the star spangled legend and reminded of how very much
Barnes studies him in silence for a moment, during which Tony tries to look as inconspicuous as possible.
“How much for a newspaper?” he asks the man, who was in the process of putting what looked like a measly amount of dressing on the sausage.
The rest of his group has quieted down, interest piqued now that Tony has chosen to interact with them.
Tony moans and brings his hands up to his head, trying to somehow pressure his headache into nonexistence. When that doesn’t work, he uses a hand to shelter his eyes from the morning light that assaults his sight as his eyelids flicker open.
He’ll just try and live in the now for the time being; telling himself that everything about his situation is temporary and all he needs is a lab and a few weeks of caffeine fueled benders to get back to his world and version of events. Denial, it’s not just a river in Egypt.
He comes across a few more people in his trek, but they mostly steer clear of him. His heavy frown is probably not doing him any favors in earning sympathy points.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Tony drones on, holding up an armored hand in a dismissive wave. “We all know you’re in charge.”
“I just detected a signal being emitted from the device. I suspect motion may have activated it.” Jarvis words are punctuated by an audible
Rogers lets out a sharp breath that almost sounds like a growl and walks forward towards the door, closing the straps of his shield around his arm with a forceful frustrated yank of the fabric. Good thing Tony fortified that stuff to resist superserumed temper tantrums.
“You’ve got a job, son,” Larry announces, walking towards the morris and clapping his shoulder on the way. He stops over the open hood, examining Tony’s handiwork.
He lets himself drop to the ground against a tree, landing in the moist thick grass. The dog lays down in front of him, resting his muzzle on his front paws and shooting Tony what he would describe as a pitying look.
Before Rogers can start a tirade on the many reasons why he was so righteous and Tony was so not, Tony hurries off and ducks inside the boarding house, leaving a fuming American icon in his wake.
What would he even do, though? He has no credentials (even though his certified genius is pretty much unparalleled) and he’s still not sure if he should make himself known here. He has no idea where
They keep making small talk as they make their way over to the heights, and if Barnes was anyone else, literally anyone else, Tony might have been feeling glad and thankful for the company -- even he recognized he ought find some friendly acquaintances in the forties to stave off complete insanity.
-- and he’d give anything to have it again, but he has to actively avoid the thought of his best friend or he starts feeling the beginnings of a panic attack setting in.
Rogers’ response is to growl and hit the door again. He’s awfully growly today. There’s a reason, though. What’s the reason?
This is insane. He must be on acid trip. It’s the only plausible explanation. The only strange thing about it is how oddly focused and realistic everything is.
“Cut the air supply to the suit in one minute,” he orders, feeling surprisingly numb. There’s no intonation to his voice. He feels every bit the robot his armor makes him out to be.
“Still nothing, sir. Although, I should alarm you that the doors and wall paneling of that chamber seem to be made of a fortified concrete mix not stated in the building schematics.”
When they finally finish up for the day, Larry bids them a quick goodbye and Barnes walks with him outside.
He pushes off from the chair, curling his hands up in the sleeves of his sweater so his fingers don’t turn into icicles, and crosses the cargo hold of the quinjet, grabbing his armor suitcase from the shelf.
He eventually reaches an exit and wanders out of the park, looking for street signs to tell him where he is.
If this whole thing turns out to be a dud, he’s gonna enact some sweet sweet vengeance on that slimy pirate-slash-ninja — a fish in his car’s air conditioning? Stash his eye-patch in the freezer -- does he even take it off? he can’t sleep in it, right? that can’t be comfortable -- meh, who knows? The possibilities are endless.
He can feel his breath thinning out again just thinking about it. He forces his brain to cut the train of thought before he starts hyperventilating and triggers another panic frenzy.
It would involve impossible mobilizing of resources in terms of logistics, since replicating a big portion of New York city in mid twenty century style is not an easy feat, not mention recruit dozens of people to dress up and act the part. Also, he’s met a lot of actors in his time, and none of them were this convincing.
He forces himself to stop and closes his eyes, breathing deeply through his nose. He tries to think about his current situation from a clinical and logical point of view.
If they do nothing, they’ll pass out in one minute, run out of air completely in two and, well, die immediately, really, if the air pumps continue running until the room is in vacuum. They aren't just pulling oxygen from the room, they’re pulling everything. Even Rogers couldn’t survive that.
Yeah, what kind of explanation is Tony supposed to pull out of his ass that won’t buy him a ticket to the next looney bin? There are no good options, so he simply shrugs.
loud in the empty room, and then another noise starts up. It sounds like a vacuum. If this is going where Tony thinks it’s going, they are very screwed.
Tony lets his nose lead him to the kitchen, pays the cook for a plate of his own and goes sit down next to the others. He would prefer to keep to a corner and mind his own business, but there aren’t exactly unpopulated spaces in this room -- it’s too small, especially considering the number of people in it.
A noise of impatience from the food stand man brings him out of his musings. The man holds out both his hands, hot dog in one and expecting open palm in the other.
With that out of the way, Tony turns around and heads for the ramp. Time to get this show on the road.
“He does,” Tony replies, smirking at him. The stranger raises the other eyebrow, but there is amusement twinking in his eyes. Tony concedes and holds his arm out for the stranger to shake. “Tony Stark.”
“We’re not open yet,” a voice rings out from behind him. Tony pivots to see a man in his late forties stepping out of a side room and heading towards the tool tables.
The man nods frenziedly and his demeanor changes entirely. He is much more amenable to Tony as he helps him select the best fitting suit and even assists in picking out a case.
It’s getting dark and he hasn’t had anything solid to eat for… he doesn’t know how long. Probably a very long time. Longer than was healthy for sure. He can
Between an alcoholic hallucination and the very improbable possibility of time travel, the former was honestly sounding more plausible. Maybe he’d finally lost his mid.
He takes off the ac-dc t-shirt he used to sleep in last night and dons his single 1940s appropriate outfit. Maybe he should go back to the shop and buy another. And some underwear. He’s definitely gonna need to change at some point and he can’t very well sit nude in the parlor while he waits for his clothes to be washed.
With growing dismay, he finds that he is in yet another back alley in what still looks very much like 1940s New York. No dog this time though.
There’s one last room he hasn’t checked, at the end of the corridor he finds himself in currently. The set of doors to access it looks as hefty as the entrance ones, so maybe this wasn’t all for naught.
Stuff that he used to flip through when he was young and naïve, and thought he could somehow earn his father’s respect if he learned all he could about the late hero. After all, there was no one Howard Stark respected more than the great Steven Rogers.
Jarvis’ scans had already cleared the building. There’s no one inside, and there hasn’t been any activity here for at least a week -- same time the supposed energy pulse that came across Shield’s radar occured. This whole thing was a rookie assignment, as in the stuff Shield probably saved for its interns. Why was he doing this again? It certainly wasn’t for Rogers’ scintillating conversational skills -- he could swear the man was as charismatic as a bag of bricks.
The man has a graying head of hair, with a full beard to match. He’s wearing mechanic clothes, aged and stained with oil -- they’re well worn, from the look of them -- and he’s a little round around the stomach. Must be the shop owner, then -- Larry, he thinks his name was.
He puts his modern clothing aside, taking care to store the ac-dc shirt inside the case -- he doesn’t want it misplaced, it’s his favorite and one of the only things he has of home -- and slips his wallet into his pocket, leaving the room and locking the door behind him.
And Bucky Barnes enters the scene! I’ve got plans for this flowering friendship ahaha, plans that will probably involve bucky playing matchmaker
“Hey,” he says, waving a hand to the guy sitting across from him to get his attention. “Do you happen to know where I could find some work?”
He goes inside the store; his arrival being announced through the ringing of the bell hung on the front door. The tailor’s head immediately shoots up at the foretelling sound and his eyes land on Tony.
Which also meant that his chances of returning to his original time-correct universe were close to null.
“You got spunk, kid. How about this? This one needs the alternator replaced,” he says, tapping the hood of the morris. “You get the old one off, put the new one in, and I’ll consider it.”
It looked like the US hadn’t entered the war yet, which fell in line with the official American 1940s story. If he remembered his history correctly, they hadn’t gotten involved until after the attack on pearl harbor, which took place on December 7
What? No, this can’t be happening. Not like this. He has to find a way to-- there has to be a way out of this.
He pushes himself up to a sitting position against the wall behind him, tries not to think about how filthy it probably is and ignores the way his stomach rebels at the movement.
He won’t be any good to anyone if he just lays around all day in bed feeling sorry for himself -- and wouldn’t Jarvis be proud of him for this unforeseen change in attitude. Turns out all he needs to gain some maturity and responsibility is to be put under duress in a possibly life-threatening situation -- because let’s face it, how the hell is he supposed to survive alone and empty handed in the midst of an erupting world war?
Rogers growls, letting go of his shoulder with a rough push backwards before storming towards the closed entrance doors. Tony stumbles a little before regaining his balance.
He approaches the drinks man, who is clad in obviously more worn down and tattered clothes, although still in a very evident forties style. The man arches an eyebrow as he notices him approaching, looking him up and down.
His stomach starts grumbling in complaint, so he gets up, dusts himself off and enlists the stray’s help in sniffing down some sort of food selling place.
“I’m sorry, captain Rogers. You do not possess the necessary permissions to execute that command,” Jarvis’ voice echoes loudly in the room, replying to Rogers through the armor’s audio output.
Although it also meant he was in deep shit. According to the Deutsch proposition and its circumvention of the grandfather paradox, he was in a completely different parallel universe.
“But I know there’s something wrong. Because I wouldn’t be here still.” The man raised an eyebrow, Tony knew he was right.
“Shower is free.” Tony hummed, walking out of the en-suite wrapped up in a pastel blue towel after he had finished washing and had shaved. Tony checked his phone as Steve went to shower. The omega got dressed in a suit because suits were always a winner, and sneakers to keep it casual. Tony slid on his glasses and greeted JARVIS as he pushed back his hair. He had left his styling products in the bathroom and would have to wait until Steve was finished until he could get them, so, for now, his hair was slightly damp and if he didn’t blow-dry it, it would soon go extra fluffy and no amount of product could contain that.
Tony was a mess. It had been two days since they had tried to escape. Since Fire was murdered. He hadn’t seen the two humans since and needed to make sure they were okay.
Tony and Bruce had stayed way past anyone else in the labs and it was dark outside. The omega had gone down to the ground floor with the scientist and they parted ways with a handshake when Tony decided to get another coffee from the cafeteria. Making his way back up to his room, coffee in one hand and his phone, which he grabbed after seeing Agent Coulson for the second time, in the other. He had read through the reports that JARVIS had sent him earlier after going back to Bruce’s lab. Agent Coulson had permitted him into the labs now, not that it had stopped him before, and assured the wolf that he would get his own card in the morning.
It was only a whisper, but Tony caught it and didn’t know how to respond. His cheeks turned red as he nuzzled into the alpha who he had grown so fond of recently.
“You were literally gushing about how attractive he is the other day in the kitchen.” Steve’s ears twitched at Clint’s statement. “I’ll take it as a compliment.”
“I was nine!” Tony shouted, causing those around them to look over. He knew the embarrassing stories were coming, of course, they would.
“I needed to get away from that shit, and I need a smoke.” Tony huffed, looking at the two wolves’ surprised expressions. “I’m a social smoker. I’ve been partying since I was twelve with people way older than me. Most of them smoked at least… so I just joined in after a couple of years of being around them. I don’t do half the shit I used to but the need to smoke while drinking has never left.”
“Yeah, I don’t start yet so my room will be free.” Stephen nodded. “What do you need so desperately?”
“Successful?” Tony snorted. “The most powerful weapons industry for humans and shifters here in the States, they could have potentially gone global if my father chose to. But he was ‘protecting the country’. Bloody Howard Stark.”
//The omega went around, trying to get anyone to give him a cigarette. He was unsuccessful, cursing at himself for not bringing any with him as he made his way back inside to find Bruce. Just as he was about to cross the dance floor to get to his table, the brunette frowned upon feeling hands on his waist, holding him still.
Steve was taken aback when the delta pup hugged him, sniffling into his chest. But the alpha hugged the boy back. He needed the reassurance. Peter was a smart kid and had clearly gone through trauma before to be able to piece things together so quickly and to be so brave to ask such a horrible question.
“Why don’t we go out to eat? If there’s no more shopping I don’t mind spending more time together. There’s a restaurant bar that I’ve been dying to try out since it opened a few months back but never had the chance. Plus, Bruce says you know how to have a good time.” Clint grinned, looking around at the others in the room.
“Deal.” She grinned. “I hope you get better soon Tony. I’ll let Agent Coulson know and hopefully, I’ll see you soon.” She let the omega go before walking over to the main desk, where Agent Coulson was talking to a cleaner.
“Yeah, and I just wanted to make sure it would work. I am a genius so it should, but I have my bad days.”
Tony turned, glaring at the archer, causing him to gulp, taking a step back as the omega stepped closer. As if from nowhere, Tony pulled out a small dagger, pointing it up to the delta as he spoke.
Laughter was heard from outside, Steve moving to the window so he could look out, Bucky coming to stand at his side. The rest of the pack was in the garden, laughing at Clint who had been pinned down on the ground my Natasha. The blonde turned to his second in command, who looked back and gave a shrug as he took a bite out of his sandwich. Steve walked out of the kitchen and out the back door, Bucky trailing behind. The blonde went up to Thor who was watching as Clint walked away from the redhead.
“No, but seriously, Steve, soon I won’t be able to use stairs anymore. I’m eighteen weeks pregnant now and I’m shattered.”
“I’m Tyler. Brooke’s brother.” He held out a hand for Tony to shake, the latter shaking it. “I um, just wanted to apologise for the other night. I had no idea I was going into rut or else I wouldn’t have gone out.”
“Rogers!” Steve’s head snapped up to the direction of the drunken call of his name, spotting three figures running towards him.
“Yeah of course.” Bruce grinned with a knowing glance, finishing off the lasagne. “Now if you’ve finished harassing me about your new love interest, who happens to be my friend, I’m going to go.”
The wolf was just about to leave the room when there was a knock at the door. Looking over to the door he slowly walked over and opened it up. He had no idea who was going to be there. Maybe a guide so he can find room 4.12? Most likely. There was a blonde female human standing in the hall, a smile on her face.
Steve stared down at the small, abandoned warehouse as they flew over it. The Quinjet came into land on the car park as the alpha calculated the distance to the ground in his head, deeming it safe to jump before doing so, landing in a roll before standing straight. He was pretty sure he heard Clint shout ‘show off’ as he landed the jet. The coordinates had sent them here. Tony’s last known location was here, and he had to get to his mate as soon as possible.
In the end, they had four bags full of snacks and four large drink bottles each, nearly clearing out the petrol station’s stock of snacks. But the petrol station manager didn’t seem to mind with all the money they spent on food.
“As long as I can remember, he lived a few doors down from us at first, but he didn’t get along with his folks so well, and then lived with me and ma. He would look after me whilst I was sick so she could work. Then when she was back Bucky would pay his way by doing paper-rounds and odd jobs for others, as much as it killed her to take money off him, we needed it. When she passed, my uncles, from my dad’s previous pack had found us and took us in. Both of us. After that I got healthier, as we were eating more, we moved further out into the surrounding woodland and got trained by them.” The alpha gave a small smile. “After I reached maturity that’s where most of my growth happened, literally overnight. I can still see the shocked looks on everyone’s faces.” Steve paused. “So, to answer your question, it’s just an instinct, a second nature to want to lead and protect my pack. I don’t always think about things, I just do it, because something inside of me is telling me to do it or say it. Sometimes I call the shots and they’re not the right ones. Sometimes I will do something that another alpha wouldn’t because my pack and their pack are different. You know your own pack, and no one should judge that and what you command as long as you are keeping them safe to the best of your advantage. Not everyone respects alphas, and I’ve been lucky to not come across so many of them, but I know that in my position I can help others out, and I try to, as much as I can at least… Isn’t being an omega the same? Just instinctive?”
“The number of times that you talk about them, I bet she does.” Bruce gave the omega a look. “Now get dressed so we can go.”
Steve ran forward into the middle of the clearing before turning to face the omega. The alpha bowed down to Tony, butt up and wiggling to suggest friendly play, his tail wagging along with it. The brunette couldn’t help but let out a laugh at Steve’s behaviour as he ran over to where the alpha was still bowing. Tony stopped fright in front of the golden wolf, bowing down with his butt in the air to copy Steve. Tony’s tail wagged happily, Steve’s wagging even faster at the omega’s happiness.
“He’s not here.” Steve shook his head. “I’ve been here since four and Thor has been here all day. He’s not been here. Where is he?”
“Some kids I have now claimed as my own.” Tony shrugged, walking down the hallway. “Cheeseburger is our check-in word.”
The archer glared at Sam, pressing another button as he did so. Natasha and Bruce watched them. Bucky, Thor and Loki had gone to stock up on supplies after unlocking the armoury while the four of them went to set up the quinjet.
Tony laughed, resting his head on the alpha’s shoulder, smiling as he breathed in his mate’s scent. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s middle, holding the omega close as Tony shut his eyes. Tony wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.
“I hope you can forgive me, and my brother when he’s in a better state of mind. He’s not a bad wolf, I know he would want to apologise to you. You’re lucky that you had members of your pack to help you out.”
“Chicken and mushroom penne with, have you got any whiskey? I forgot to look.” Tony looked at the woman.
“And no doubt make your stupid comments too.” Tony huffed, thinking about all the times he had been sassed by his AI.
“Hey Bruce, what are you doing tomorrow? I need more outfits and I still have my bank account linked to my, uh, previous job.” He asked, slipping on his watch and glasses.
“I worry because I don’t want you getting hurt. There are safer ways to test things, Tony. SHIELD would help, you just have to ask Agent Coulson or Carter."
“Well if you keep being good, I might surprise you with even more stuff I can do,” Tony smirked, stepping into the elevator.
The omega sat up a little with a shrug. “Tired but good.” He gave a soft smile and reached for the toast that was on the tray. Steve grabbed it before Tony could and sat on the bed as he began to feed the smaller wolf. “Chinese food is always a winner.”
“Bruce Banner. New shifters aren’t allowed into the labs until they confirm working with SHIELD.” Bruce explains to the wolf in front of him, curious about what he was doing.
Silence once again before a loud scraping sound, as if a chair was being moved. Hesitantly, the redhead tried the door again, letting out a sigh of relief when the handle went all the way down and the door could open. She quickly sent a text to Bruce saying how she got in and not to disturb them. Pepper took a step inside, her heartbreaking at the sight of Tony pressed up against the counter as he sat on the floor right by the door, struggling to maintain his breath, shaking while his hands covered his chest as the tears streamed down his cheeks.
Bruce let out a chuckle, shaking his head, knowing that Tony would without a doubt. The pair packed up the equipment for the evening and hung up their lab coats. Bruce glanced over to Tony as he was leaving the lab and grabbed the omega’s lab coat. He managed to get Tony to wear it all day and was going to “accidentally” bring it home instead of his own. At least this wasn’t something that belonged to Tony and could be replaced. Joining the omega out in the hall, he gave the omega a small smile before they headed towards the elevator.
“Yeah. An attractive male omega comes along and something in me just went. The alcohol didn’t help.”
Natasha walked back into the room, smiling as she approached the group. “It’s fine. He said to have fun and don’t make too much noise when we come back.”
“Why aren’t you dressed yet? I kicked you out of your workshop at half-past ten! It’s almost half six now.”
“Tony?” Steve got up, walking out into the hall were Bruce was hanging up his coat, DIEGO flying off to the other bots. “Is Tony staying late?”
Tony groaned, opening his eyes partly before squeezing them shut again. His head was pounding, and his ears were ringing. He didn’t know how long he had been out for. He assumed it was for quite some time. He definitely wasn’t in the park anymore.
“Where?” Steve asked, following the beta into the house and down the stairs to a basement with a shut door. Pietro was standing outside.
“Go ahead. I’ll be out in a minute.” Steve kissed the omega’s forehead “you can get ready to go.” He turned to face Bucky and Natasha as Tony nodded. The omega turned away and walked out back where the rest of the pack was waiting for their alpha to lead them out.
The pack turned to face Bruce, who shrunk down with a shrug. “I was just in it for the experiment. Are you guys not curious too?”
Thank you to QueenE, tabbycat1220, BuckyAboveEverything and WhyIotta for commenting and everyone else who left kudus. It means a lot to me, thank you.
“I have nicknames for everyone. Thor is Sparkles, Bruce is Cinnamon Bun, or Grumpy CB when Hulk. Sam is Tweety-Pie, Bucky is Star
“Steve? He’s so overprotective. Stubborn too. Never backs down from a fight, well except with me. We’re both very stubborn and eventually one of us has to buckle. Normally I pull the omega eyes and he caves, but he’s getting there with his own, the sneaky bastard.” Tony shook his head, a fond smile on his face. “He can be cheeky at times. He’s creative, artistic, romantic. Kind, caring, loving. He’d do anything, and I really mean anything, for those he cares about. He puts up with so much, with me especially. I don’t know what to do without him… Do you have anyone?”
“The humans weren’t able to handle it. They couldn’t control their animal side. They were more like, for example, werewolves than shifters. They then tried betas and deltas. Same result. Uncontrollable shifting. Violent outbursts. Not listening to leaders. Eventually, the animal side of them ended up killing them. So, they tried with omegas. And it worked.”
The bartender nodded and made the drinks for the group, Tyler handing over the cash. As the three grabbed their drinks. Tony shimmied back up on the stool again and took a sip his scotch. Tyler and Rhodey were talking about their packs, Tony just about listening in.
“Please Pepper” Tony pouted although the redhead wouldn’t be able to see, as they were on call. “Everyone else is coming. Rhodey, Tammi, Brooke and Tyler.”
“We couldn’t find you anywhere Tony. You weren’t answering your phone. We came looking for you.” Bruce stepped into the workshop, stopping Tony with a hand on his shoulder as the omega walked passed.
Bucky gave an apologetic look as Steve sighed and nodded. Tony climbed off the alpha’s lap, biting his lip as the alpha rubbed a hand over his face. Bucky left the two alone once more, most likely to get the pack together for Steve.
Steve had sent Clint and Natasha to collect the omega wolf that night. They had been working for SHIELD before joining the alpha and a few others to make a pack. They, along with the rest of the pack who agreed on the name Avengers, Steve was still unsure why that name was chosen, continued to work closely with SHIELD. So, when a stranded omega was found not too far out from their territory, SHIELD had asked the Avengers Pack to respond and both wolves were sent on the mission.
Bruce only nodded in response before following where his alpha had just run off, hoping that he would catch up to him soon.
She took it gratefully before looking at Bruce, holding out her hand for him to come too. He declined like he had done to Tony last night which made both wolves frown.
“Thank you, doll.” The alpha grinned, kissing the omega softly before pulling back and gently rubbing a thumb over one of the marks he had made on Tony’s neck. As predicted, Tony had gone into heat and Steve had his rut halfway through, Tony’s heat lasted for five days and Steve’s only three. The blonde had done a wonderful job of marking up the omega and claiming him as his own with hickeys from the omega’s jaw to around his thighs. Alpha wolves were known to mark their mates during heats and ruts, claim them as their own, to warn off other alphas. What Steve didn’t expect was to mark Tony as his mate. The omega had begged for it and the blonde was scared that once his heat ended Tony would regret it, but the brunette showed no signs of it. The pair had mated; they had a deep bond that lasted for life, in most cases anyway.
“Let me look after them.” Tony continued. “I doubt you’ve been looking after them. I’ve heard about your previous experiences. And I know it didn’t fail because you wouldn’t have killed Fire.”
Steve continued to look out of the window from Agent Coulson’s office. After the meeting with The Director, the pack, along with Agents Coulson and Carter had gone back to his office, to try and think of a plan. Steve was still hung up on SHIELD not helping out. They couldn’t use SHIELD equipment and if they were to stay anywhere it would have to be through their own money, as it wasn’t an official SHIELD mission.
Brooke nodded, taking out her phone. She wanted to ask more questions but let it slide as the two exchanged numbers. “I’ll text you Tammi’s too. We can have a group chat!”
Natasha glared at the pad, not expecting to be rejected. Clint burst out laughing, head tilting back as the redhead muttered swears in Russian.
The alpha wanted to curse at the beta, tell him to leave the two of them alone. Nevertheless, he had a job to do and so while he wanted to get to know the wolf standing in front of him, the alpha had to leave.
A blush spread across the omega’s cheeks, his head dipping down slightly in Steve’s hold before tucking it under the alpha’s chin. His eyes fluttered closed as his head rested on Steve’s chest, listening to the steady sound of Steve’s heart. Tony let out another yawn as the alpha pulled him onto his lap and let go of their entwined fingers to wrap his arms around the omega.
“Oh no, what a nightmare.” Pepper said sarcastically with a smirk. “Have you booked another appointment?”
“Could you update Steve, please? Let him know that it’s my hormones and that he can come and see me. I’m not angry at him anymore if he wants to talk.” Tony asked, climbing into the hot bath.
Two identical rooms were opposite to him, both having occupants. The first room had a male inside, sitting on a single bed, facing the wall. He looked young, possibly no older than fifteen or sixteen. Blondish-silver hair and was wearing clothes similar to both his and Fire’s. He also had a bandage around his right hand like the feline shifter.
“You’re an angel.” Tony smiled, waving goodbye as he left to join Natasha and Clint. “Want a drag?” He offered, looking between the pair.
“He will be back soon, you’ll see. Then you can kiss him all you want. But for now, lets party, yeah? Time to have fun.”
Tony opened one eye, daring to look at the beta. Bucky was running around, tail wagging like mad. It had worked, just as he hoped. The arm had shifted along with the rest of Bucky’s body, allowing the wolf to have four legs again. The beta tripped, but his tail still wagged as he got up. Tony let out his breath before laughing, Bucky bounding over to him. The beta let out a howl, tail still wagging like mad.
The omega let out a whine as Bruce continued to laugh at him. He got so wound up he couldn’t even tie his tie and ended up throwing it on the floor.
“Come on Tony. Please.” Bruce’s eyes closed before sniffing and opening up again to look over at Pepper. “I can’t get in. We have access to each other’s rooms but I think he’s barricaded the door so I can’t open it.”
Bruce ignored the comment as he got the drunk wolf a large glass of water and some ibuprofen for the morning. He glanced back at the omega who had a stupid grin spread across his face, sitting only in his boxers and he sighed again.
“Goodnight, Tony,” Steve said, his hold on the omega tightening a little as if Tony would disappear.
Tony looked up at Bucky as the beta’s jaw dropped, handing it over to him. Bucky stared down at the arm, before looking up at Tony, then the arm again.
“No, never this extreme and it’s slowly driving me crazy. My hormones are all over the place. Sometimes I want him close all the time and sometimes having him constantly over me makes me want to scream and cry.”
I'm back! Not gonna lie I hated writing this chapter. I've come to the conclusion that I cannot write action to save my life, so I don't like this chapter at all. I am sorry. I literally re-wrote this chapter from scratch seven times. I'm really not exaggerating -one time it didn't even save too so you know, a waste of time. I apologise now for the shockingly bad chapter. I really don't like it. I have also been doing uni work -which I hate so yay! And have started on like four new stevetony fics that I said I wouldn't do until I finished this one but here we are. I'll write a bit about them in the chapter notes at the end to see if anyone would be interested.
“But this is for my birthday and they’re over there making googly eyes at one another and not paying attention to me at all.” Tony had a pout.
Soon enough, Tony led them over to two omegas, both were very young and looked nervous but seemed to relax when they saw Tony approaching.
Tony didn’t get a response and let out a sigh before going to stand, but a hand grabbed his wrist. The brunette looked down at the alpha who was now looking directly at him, blue eyes gazing into Tony’s own. Steve nodded as he pulled on Tony’s wrist, making the omega climb onto the bed after kicking off his shoes.
“Helping you choose an outfit for a meal is a two, actually, more like a one. We agreed, three or higher and I’ll make an excuse to leave.”
“I’m glad I brought you or else I’d be third-wheeling these guys,” Tony whispered. “Look at them.” Both wolves lowered their menus, so their eyes were just above, looking at Rhodey and Pepper, she was laughing at something that Rhodey had said, neither of them paying any attention to Tony and Steve. “See” Tony huffed as they raised their menus once more.
“So I’ve been told.” The omega smirked, drinking some of the water before putting it down. “Can you get me a shirt?... And then cuddles.”
“Hey, tomorrow is Friday, right? We can go out then. At least I can tell my pack beforehand… plus I know you like a drink and it’s 2 for 1 night.” Bruce offered, hoping to cheer the male up.
Tony burst out laughing, Clint rubbing the back of his head mouthing ‘oww’ where the redhead hit him. Steve smiled at the omega as his laughter subsided, Clint flipping him off playfully and Tony returned it.
“She makes a good point,” Clint added. “We haven’t done any month-long missions yet, but what if we do and he can’t come? We might not even have a house when we get back.”
“Hey, it’s your job.” Tony reached out his hand to grab Steve’s own. “Plus at least you can give me a ride back and I can see you in your uniform.” Steve gave Tony a look as he stood up from his seat. “What? I love a man in uniform.”
“Because you’re annoying,” Natasha spoke as she walked into the room. “They were helping me clean the kitchen and just flew off. Now I see why.”
Clint was the first to strip down, Tony kept his eyes down on the ground, he didn’t dare look. He wasn’t allowed in his old pack and he didn’t want to push his luck with this one. Tony glanced up hoping that everyone had shifted now. There were two wolves now, chasing once another, who Tony deduced were Sam and Clint as Loki and Bruce were still fully dressed and Thor was shirtless.
The four wolves spent the day shopping in the city. Tony bought a range of clothes, shoes and accessories for himself and treated his new friends too. The group had stopped for lunch at a sub shop halfway through. Natasha and Clint were really nice to him considering they had only just met. Tony was glad that he got to meet new people and felt comfortable around them both already. Natasha was intimidating at times, but he knew deep down somewhere that she cared. Clint was a laugh, they both had a great time teasing Bruce. They had decided to go back to Tony’s place, Clint had been complaining about shopping for the past hour and the omega thought the poor delta deserved a break, along with the other two.
“He was protecting you, Tony. I know he was.” Pepper sighed as Tony turned to look up at the strawberry-blonde. “He always asked me to give you more work when they would visit so they wouldn’t be able to meet you. Most of those people were greedy and disgusting alphas... You should have heard the way they talked to me and then about me when they thought I wasn’t listening. Howard didn’t want that happening to you. I know he didn’t show it in a normal way, but he did love and care for you, Tony. A lot. He just didn’t know how to express it properly.”
The kitchen door opened, causing the pair to break apart, Steve turned to glare at the intruder. Thor was standing there looking bashful as he looked between the wolves.
Thursday was always movie night and they rotated who picked to make it fair, much like house chores too. Steve was a fair alpha and joined in too. He could have simply made the lower-ranking packmates do everything, but he didn’t. Thor, who was also an alpha but a feline shifter instead, did his fair share too. Everyone joined in here and there.
The wolf spotted a rabbit that just came out from a nearby bush. Tony crouched down and silently stalked over to it the best he could. He never got much training in hunting, as that was the “strong” wolves’ job. According to his father’s beta, he was there to cook, lean and poop out babies. He wanted to shove the hare he hunted up the man’s ass and tell him to poop it out like a baby, but instead told him to fuck off and burnt his food instead.
Tony nodded in response, linking arms with Pepper as they left the workshop. The omegas made idle chatter about Pepper’s work as they walked out of SHIELD and took the ten-minute walk down to the ice cream parlour. Pepper ordered a raspberry ripple cone and Tony ordered a double scoop cone of salted caramel. The two sat at a table, Tony already beginning to lick his ice cream before they even sat down. The shop was pretty empty due to it being a weekday and being in the middle of February. It wasn’t freezing but wasn’t particularly warm either, but Tony needed comfort food, which was ice cream, and Pepper knew that.
“Yeah, I wasn’t so much short, but I didn’t have anything on me, I was practically skin and bones growing up. My folks didn’t have much money and my dad had left his pack to be with my ma. They found a place in Brooklyn and had me. I had my first shift really late, I didn’t shift until I was eight.”
“I need you to test something for me.” Tony rinsed off another plate before putting it in the dishwasher.
“I should talk to Steve about getting you installed in the house, while I like you being here, my watch and my glasses, it would be much more efficient to have you at home too. You could also help everyone else too.” Tony said, placing Steve’s shield onto his workbench then taking a sip of his coffee.
“And the meaning is that I’m Bruce’s friend and I was drunk and cold. He was just making sure I was okay.”
The pair walked back to the packhouse, avoiding the fallen tree from before so the journey was a little longer than before. Tony still had to ask Pepper and Rhodey if Steve could come tonight and then had to get ready for the meal too. Steve shifted back into his human form as they exited the woods, going over to the chest and taking out his clothes and putting them on. He also took out the omega’s clothes for him before placing them in front of the wolf. The alpha kissed Tony’s head, scratching behind his ear gently before turning around so Tony could shift back and get dressed. Tony laced his fingers with the alpha’s when he was finished, Steve turning to face him with a smile. The blonde led the brunette inside, grinning as they stepped into the kitchen.
“I’m Clint, this is Natasha. Bruce invited us to go shopping with you. He’s in the shower by the way. Well, he asked me because you said it was cool. Nat just came along because she can.” The male spoke. Tony narrowed his eyes. He looked familiar.
“At this point, I might just let her.” The beta laughed before there was a loud crash, causing Thor to stir but not wake up.
Tony sat down at the table, the others joining him, Steve at his side as he smiled up at the blonde. Pepper sat opposite him and Rhodey beside her, they all grabbed a menu and began looking it over, making conversation over what to have.
“It wasn’t him, Cap.” Sam vouched for the delta. “It came from inside the building. Looks like the wing at the North.”
“I’m coming.” Steve sighed, turning back around to Sam. “Keep alert. This could be a trap. Clint, come down from the roof and help the search. Banner, you good?”
“Not even your aunt and uncle?” Steve asked as they began to walk through the woods to get to the quinjet.
“I used to think I could pull anything off. This is a no.” Tony smiled at her, deciding that he liked Fire a lot.
“Sorry, Tyler was just saying goodbye,” Tony said, pulling his jacket tighter around him. Even though it was spring, the wind still had a chill to it at night.
“Do you think the omega will help you?” The alpha asked, biting his lip a bit. Bruce raised an eyebrow, suspicious at his interest in the omega.
He knew that Steve and Bucky had a pack prior to The Avengers and that they had been killed. Neither of the two had told him themselves. Bucky and Steve had talked about a previous pack before and Tony had assumed they left them once confident to make a pack of their own. That was until Bruce accidentally let it slip one night while they were working that they had been attacked and only the two of them survived and was the reason Bucky lost his arm.
“Thank you. Can you give me another number?” Pepper smiled, happy that Tony was at least going to think about it. Progress was progress.
Suddenly, a fiery red mop of hair popped down from the top bunk, causing the omega to jump back and curl up on the bed. Tony sniffed at the omega feline shifter.
“Let’s kick ass, greasy bros,” Clint smirked, flicking out his bow as he looked at Loki and Bucky, both beta’s glaring at him.
Furrowing his eyebrows, unsure on what the time even was, he read over the card once more before placing it down and looking at his watch he slipped on earlier which read 10:20 am.
omega. It stuck in his head as he approached the two agents that stuck up for him. He noticed that Brooke had gone over to her alpha and beta, shouting at them both as she dragged them off.
“Acronyms. DIEGO stands for Drunk Intellectual Eccentric Genius Overlord. BRIE is Best Robotic Invention Ever. TIA is Tony Is Awesome. WIM is Whiskey Is Magical and Steve Jr is after you because I missed you and they are our babies now.” Tony grinned up at the alpha, petting TIA as the blonde sat on the bed.
“Of course not.” Steve kissed the omega’s head “this is your house too. You’re welcome to stay and finish your work.”
“Hey, Steve. Are you ready to go?” Tony came up beside the alpha, his hand sliding into the larger male’s.
“I honestly don’t know how to respond.” Steve laughed, looking over at his pack that was ahead and already greeting both Agents Hill and Coulson.
“You okay?” The redhead asked, having smelt Tony’s nervousness, turning away from the human she was talking to.
He hadn’t seen Rhodey in nearly six years. He had been overseas for a long time and the omega had missed him so much. Rhodey was like an older brother to him. Their packs had been allies before and the two were very close while growing up, but they grew much closer when they both attended MIT together.
The last request for an NDA ahead of a consultation had come in weeks ago and Steve had almost forgotten about it, with how busy his week had been.
“Thank you, Miss Potts.” He said instead. “That’s amazing. Any table works, you just choose one that’s comfortable to you.” He said.
“I could do with one of your foot massages.” She told him, and Steve understood that she wanted to keep Tony calm and happy on that table if possible. He could do her feet right here on the sofa.
Steve moaned at the thought, clinging to Tony’s waist for a moment as he gave an experimental thrust. “Oh wow.” He sighed happily, kissing Tony’s jaw.
“Oh, that feels nice.” Tony reached back, clutching Steve’s arm to keep him close, his other hand grabbing the pillow under his head tightly.
Tony’s shoulder sagged. “No. No, but she knows already.” He put his foot down hard on the carpet, rocking back and forth on it, as if trying to decide whether he could take the step he so anxiously needed to take.
Tony wondered for a moment, if maybe today was the day he would go insane. Madness had always seemed within reach.
Less than ten minutes later he was sat in a town car being driven all the way to Brooklyn by a man in a suit. The envelope in his pocket was heavier than it should be, and Steve didn’t have the nerve to count it in the car.
The military’s attempt to capture a failed supersoldier serum experiment at Culver University was legendary. What lengths would they go to in order to try and claim the real deal.
Tony shook his head. “No. Pepper knows, a friend of mine does too. That’s it. I can’t tell anyone. I … bad things happen when people know.” He said, not elaborating.
He smiled when Tony took him up on the offer. Cool hands encircled Steve’s wrists, firm but not squeezing as Steve set to work feeling around the device, pressing only ever so slightly to get a feel for how the muscles were running, identifying knots and tight areas. What he learned over the next couple of minutes was that Tony’s entire chest needed work, and that it was probably going to hurt no matter how tender Steve was with him.
“You’ll want to set up for Pepper.” Stark said, watching as Steve swiftly unpacked the cushioned table, seemingly thinking about it. Steve didn’t push or coax. He really wanted the man laid out properly for examination but pushing it wouldn’t help either of them.
“That works, yeah, that’s good. Thank you.” Tony said, nodding and pulling his shirt back on clumsily.
Tony seemed almost cowed into calming down. Steve felt for him, he really did. It was obvious the man was scared, and he wasn’t in a good enough condition to fight anyone Steve’s size. The last thing he wanted was to intimidate Tony in any way.
The rest of the session Steve spent on vaguely effective, comforting touches, more like he’d treat a very relaxed person who was seeing him for pampering, but it seemed to work. Stark’s breathing evened out and he relaxed again.
“I know. I can’t wait to see this.” Steve agreed, moaning when Tony sunk his hand into his hair to pull him up into a kiss. He closed his eyes, when he couldn’t see anything, Steve felt so much closer than the open and empty room he saw with his eyes open.
The fact that he’d been asked back at all was a big deal though, and Steve figured maybe he had some wiggle room to maybe try his luck a little bit. “Do you wanna try sitting on the table? The sofa is wonderful, but it’s a bit soft… if you sat up here, I could get a more accurate picture of what’s going on with your back?” He offered. Now that he was looking at Stark, he could see he seemed in a better state than last time. He looked showered and put together, though not more rested compared with Steve’s last visit.
Steve thanked him, undoing the latches of his carrier bag again and setting up his massage table. He set out the oils on the counter of the bar and laid fresh towels from his backpack on the massage table, putting paper around the head support.
Steve had done more research on him since their last appointment. He hadn’t been seen in public for 9 months, not since the funeral of his mentor, Obadiah Stane, which he left early. Steve understood now that Miss Potts might have been the only person to see him for great stretches of time in the past months. No wonder he’d been so nervous about a new person in his home.
“We’ve still got time, I’d like to work on your back more, but I feel like your chest arms and legs could use some attention too, would you like me to- “
And yet the serum had endless potential in healthcare, Tony could only imagine what this stuff could do. The things it had healed Steve Rogers’ broken body from were mind-blowing. How could Tony withhold this from the world?
Miss Potts snorted in response. “You shouldn’t laugh before you tried it.” She scolded him good-naturedly.
He saw the wheels turning in Tony’s head, but he seemed to have concluded that he might as well see this through now.
“Uh huh.” Tony agreed, hand sliding between them to wrap his hand around Steve’s cock. “Gotta say, this feels pretty cool.” He said, looking down between them to look at his hand stroking over absolutely nothing, like he was miming a hand job. It made him laugh. “Why is this hot?” He asked, amused at the sight.
The building was huge and in Steve’s opinion a little ugly on the outside. The inside was beautiful though, all marble floors and sleek gorgeous lines to all furniture and appliances. Even the elevator banks blended into the design seamlessly. It was well put together and Steve felt intimidated, when he walked up to the reception desk.
“Haven’t woken up naked in a strange place in a while.” He joked, pushing himself up and off the table. His whole posture looked better to Steve and he watched the man touch his collar and neck. “Thank you, Steve.” He said, seeming a little flustered, probably embarrassed for falling asleep.
Steve looked out towards the terrace. Tony was right, it looked warm and inviting. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been swimming for pleasure.
He didn’t offer any advice on footwear. This was a brilliant woman. She either wore them because she loved them or because she genuinely felt she had to, and it wasn’t Steve’s place to tell her otherwise unprompted. Miss Potts was easy to treat though, and he enjoyed her instructions and expressions.
Tony had seen corpses before, too many for comfort. It was strange, seeing Rogers. He looked just like his pictures. He’d been flash frozen to death, so his features hadn’t had time to slacken. He looked like he might wake up any second. Tony found himself being very gentle with him, laying him out carefully. He stroked the man’s hair back; a small patch of his hair and the skin underneath had ripped out when the ice block it had been frozen in had fallen off too soon.
“Would you be able to squeeze a double appointment into your calendar this week?” She asked. “It would be for Mister Stark and myself.”
Thank you so much for reading! I guess this is officially sort of a series now, I'm not sure how many chapters there will be yet, I'm just really enjoying writing this.
“No, no, just a history of desk work.” She assured him and Steve gently uncovered her upper back, leaving only her lower half covered by the towel.
He wondered how Stark felt about their appointment in retrospect, if he was still annoyed about having an appointment booked for him, or if Steve had made it worth his while. Was he in pain now? Steve didn’t feel like he’d had the chance to make this the best massage it could have been. He hadn’t had the chance to work on Stark’s body systemically. Point treatments were good, but at this level of muscle tension, he really wanted to provide an overall relief.
Steve knew the man was on the fence, any little misstep would get him kicked out right now, so he was gentle when he reached out, putting his hands on the man’s shoulders and stroking them inwards and down Stark’s spine. He could feel muscles coiling all the way down. It wasn’t a surprise, but Steve really felt for the man. He had to be in so much pain. “You just tell me if anything hurts in a bad way. A bit of pain is normal, but it’s meant to feel like it’s helpful for later.” Steve spoke quietly.
Half an hour of watchful waiting and Tony was convinced he was either right or insane. He saw small muscle spasms start up in Rogers’ face and then his body, as if long-forgotten muscles were starting to get pulled back to life.
Stark reached up, covering one of Steve’s hands with his own and looking over his shoulders, meeting Steve’s eyes. “I think maybe I’ll lay down after all?” He asked. Steve nodded, a huge sense of relief washing over him. He kept a hold of Stark helping him lay down on his back, as the front seemed to still not be an option. Steve couldn’t help but wonder if Stark thought Steve, or someone else, might attack him if he wasn’t looking.
“I’m happy to, you don’t need to do that.” Steve said but she waved him away and Steve realized she’d already worked this out in her head.
To his surprise, Stark made no move to leave the room, having wandered from the massage table to the sofa where he seemed to melt into the cushions with a visible sense of relief.
Stark’s head was warm and heavy in his hand and for the first time it felt like Stark felt calm. His eyes even drooped shut, head shifting into the touch ever so slightly. Steve smiled, glad to see the otherwise tense man look so at peace.
For once Steve was the one to interrupt him. “I won’t do that. I won’t hurt you. It’s not even an option. I’ll work around it and I’ll be careful about that too, but I won’t hurt you.” He said, firmly.
“Hey Pep.” The relief was written all over him. He trusted her to have his back, that much was clear. “We were just about to start.” And with that he laid down on Steve’s table.
"I know..." Steve was dreading that conversation too, but he couldn’t just keep the money. He'd decided to offer it as a retainer for 10 hours of his services, so that no money needed to exchange hands again.
Tony’s moans were beautiful and uninhibited here, and Steve realized he felt a million times safer here than he did anywhere else Steve had been with him.
It wasn’t Miss Potts who slowly walked out of the marble corridor though, it was Tony Stark himself, wearing what looked like pyjamas and a soft house coat, his hair was in a disarray as if he’d just rolled out of bed. Nothing about the dark circles around his eyes indicated sleep though.
“Needs to be at least that comfortable.” She agreed, smiling fondly at Tony who was out like a light.
When his phone rang, and a female voice asked to speak to him about the NDA it took him a moment to remember. He had paused at the entrance to a subway tunnel to take the call and had to shift his bags around awkwardly, trying to balance his grip on his massage table carrier bag, his backpack and his phone so he could hold it while he spoke.
“No, Steve, thank you. That’ll be everything today.” She told him. “Would it be alright if I’m here for Tony’s next treatment?” She asked.
“I think that’s a wonderful idea.” Steve said. “Any chance there’s room for me?” He asked, understanding that this was exactly what Tony was offering.
“Steve Rogers. I have an appointment at 4:30. I’m the massage therapist.” He explained, putting his ID within easy reach of one of the receptionists. He checked his watch: 4:20, he’d made it. The woman smiled at him. “Excellent. Please can you put your equipment down so that security can check it, and hand over any electronic devices to me for safekeeping.”
“I love you.” Steve couldn’t help it. He had to keep telling Tony, it was just so good to have him back and all to himself like this. “You sore?” He asked, shifting his leg forward so his cock slid between Tony’s thighs, right under Tony’s balls.
“Nope, nope, nope! Take it off!” Tony shook his head, his hands up in front of him as if he was torn between covering his eyes and reaching out to tear the clothes off of Steve.
Steve had heard Tony reminisce about how beautiful and peaceful the place was, how much he missed the beach and the sunshine, the quiet and the sea breeze countless times.
Tony sat up, suddenly and Steve followed his gaze, smiling when he saw a helicopter approach the tower. “Is that Miss Potts?” He asked, smiling, so happy to know Tony would have his lifeline after all. Maybe that way he could relax properly and let Steve do his best.
“Fucking hell…” Tony gasped, reaching for Steve and pulling him down on him, like a massive invisible blanket. “Okay, that… was amazing.” He smiled, kissing Steve’s jaw, his arms around Steve, soaking up his husband’s touches in return.
“I know it hurts.” Tony continued. “You were all frozen for a really long time, but not to worry, you’re thawing fast. And whatever you need, we’ll get it for you. You’re going to be alright. We owe you that much.” He assured the man.
“Hey… look… you’re refracting light.” Tony realized, watching the warm light cast a soft pink sheen through Steve’s shape, not nearly enough to form a solid outline, but it was there, and he could see the curve of Steve’s back, his broad shoulder, soft hair.
“Miss Potts is just fine, no need to call me Ma’am. 4:30 will be perfect. Please report to the reception desk at Stark Tower and provide a photo ID. Security will take you where you need to be.”
When Steve was next escorted into the penthouse of Stark Tower the atmosphere wasn’t anywhere near as warm and calm as it had been the week before when Steve left it.
“Good afternoon, Mister Stark.” Steve said, soft so as not to startle him out of whatever string of thoughts had him wearing down his carpet.
Stark swayed a bit and Steve stopped his movements, putting his hands on the man’s shoulders to steady him. Working on the neck and head could make people dizzy, hell any massage could have that effect. That was another reason why laying down was a great idea. “Would you like to take a break? I can get you some water.” Steve offered, his tone warm and patient.
“Fuck…” Tony shuddered, and Steve lightened his touch when he repeated the motion, he’d been using light pressure to begin with, but he didn’t mind adjusting. This was going to take a lot of work, but Steve was all too happy to do it.
“No problem.” Steve smiled, cleaning off her feet with the towel so she wouldn’t slip on the marble floor.
Stark seemed to relax more this time. Steve didn’t feel the same spring-like tension that had made Steve feel like the man had been prepared to flee from the situation during their first session. This time he even got some vocal responses.
Tony braced himself when Steve’s cock breached him, pushing in slowly, the skin dragging a bit until they the remaining lube that still coated his insides a couple of inches deep. Steve pulled out and pushed in a second time, this time making Tony moan, releasing the breath he’d been holding. The slide was smooth now, and the feeling of Steve’s cock slowly sinking into him was so deeply familiar that he could only relax. Steve pressed him tight against the wall, shuddering as he bottomed out. Tony could feel him panting softly against his neck.
Not much later in his spiral down the Tony Stark rabbit hole, Steve came across a newsreel that played the ransom video that the news stations had regurgitated on a loop for days at the time of the kidnapping. Stark’s chest was bloody, bandages wrapping crisscross around his rib cage. It was hard to see details in the grainy footage, but there was an injury to his upper front torso around his sternum. Was that what was still plaguing him now?
He knew in a roundabout way that Stark Industries was still funding them, it came up in the annual budget review. By now it was tied to multiple international research projects. Scholars from universities around the world were catching a ride into the icy hellscape, and in turn SI was credited in the acknowledgement sections of countless peer reviewed articles. It was a win-win.
About 30 minutes in, it became apparent that Steve wouldn’t be abruptly dismissed. A content silence fell over the two of them. Steve didn’t know what was causing the man all this pain. He wished he had free reign to properly work on his back, on the table where it was easier to see patterns, but Steve understood that allowing this much was already a big deal for Stark. He realized that it was sheer dumb luck he’d managed to talk Stark into allowing him this close.
Steve wondered what he was seeing, what he was thinking. All Steve could really think about right now was that Stark looked better already, just from a short session. Steve was sure he could help him, if only the man would allow him to come back.
“But with Miss Potts here it would be safer?” Steve asked, not following him at all, but trying to stay as calm and supportive as possible for Tony’s sake. If Miss Potts wasn’t here to support him, Steve had to, though he didn’t know how.
“It’s alright, you can let go, sweetheart. There’s a million more where this comes from.” He assured Tony, trying to coax him into letting go, into trusting Steve to keep him. He loved that Tony tried so savor the special moments, but sometimes he did it so frantically like they might be his last ones. Steve could feel this was one of them.
He just makes a little noise like it's no big deal. "Yeah. Head of my class too. Everyone hated me to some degree, I think. Spunky little rich teenager smarter then all of them combined." He chuckles, taking another bite. "Really, what's not to hate?"
"Alright, perfect," Steve says, regretfully letting go of his hand to go around to the passenger seat. Tony climbs into the drivers seat, starting the car up.
"Alright folks, welcome to the reception, woo. Yeah." He pumps his fists in the air in a mocking manner and the crowd laughs. "So, you probably know me and you probably know the bride and groom. Let me be the first to tell you though, that they only met because of me." Another chorus of laughter. "Really! Pepper was my personal assistant, and one of the only people I knew who could tolerate me, when my old college buddy got assigned to liaison between SI and the federal government. Next thing I know, they're making out in my bar. And then this jackass." he bumps James with his hip, and James smiles up at him with a fondly resigned look. "Proposed! Well, so of course I'm paying for the whole shindig. So I guess what I'm saying is, the foods going to be good! We'll be serving shortly. Until then, enjoy the music!" Loud 80's rock begins blaring and Tony takes a seat saying something quiet to Pepper and James. Both of their eyes land on Steve and he gives a little wave to them. Pepper raises a brow at him and looks back at Tony.
Tony smiles too. "I know, Rebecca. Walk with me?" He offers her a hand and she takes it, allowing him to lead her away.
"Bye," he still says though, the phone clicking shortly after he turns to see Tony, nursing his whiskey and standing a few feet away, clearly trying not to eavesdrop. "I'm all done, if you're looking for a reason to come back over here."
"They didn't... they wanted me to stay—I don't.." She trails off, waving desperately with her hand as if she was trying to explain.
"Um." Yeah, that pretty much summed it up. Unfortunately for him, Steve seemed to be expecting something a little more substantial. "That happened, yes. I know you were like.. loopy, so, I'm willing to ignore it." Somehow that allowance felt like loosing Steve, when he had never even thought Steve was something he would want to have. Damnit.
