"Gimme a kiss.” He whispers and she obliges before slipping back down to the floor.
“No!” Cas says hoarsely into the receiver, “No,” his voice is all congested, “it’s nothing like that, I swear. It’s just…”
“Take your shoes off!” Dean hollered, and Faith rolled her eyes, yawning.
It’s the best silent movie Cas has ever seen, and as he shakes his arm in the sweater, the only thing that could really pull him away is the reality that he gets to walk downstairs and be with them. The mid October sunshine is almost too good to be true, and the leaves are on fire with colors.
The baby gurlges and reaches for a toy that rattles with some interior bell as he brushes his little fat fingers against it. Dean gently pushes it towards his outstretched hand and smiles when Danny grips it and pulls it to him, already sticking one end in his mouth.
He’ll scream on the way down, he’ll roll on the ground and reach his arms towards heaven.
What news of my son, the king fisher?
classy, and Dean’s never been a
“I’m sorry you can’t go anywhere you want anymore.” He repeats, throwing one freckled arm over the pillow. The fabric scrunches into a million waves haloed around Dean’s knuckles. Cas stretches a leg against the sheets and watches Dean, reaching out one hand to brush eyelash from the swell of his cheekbone.
Castiel dropped to a squat beside Dean, putting a hand on the small of his back, wincing when Dean hit his head on the top of the cupboard before sliding out to stare at him, flashlight left to roll behind.
you come
“Go see Daddy!” He said, grinning. “Dean! Dean show her where you are - ” Dean’s face popped out of the blanket and he held out his arms to her, Danny poking his head out too.
Dean hates leaving on trips with Sammy, but now that they kind of have a smaller human in their charge, someone has to stay behind. Daniel is asleep in his crib, finally calmed down after seeing his Daddy for the first time in a week, and now Dean can focus on some very
no dowry, but one poor soul.
Cas nodded, laughing at the absurdity, swallowing.
Leticia thinks, in that moment, that the cup is beautiful, sitting inside, chipped, because it was loved. It was hand-painted, she could tell. The little flowers were too intricate to not be anything else. The bruja, too, was beautiful, because she loved her little cup. Even as she hunched over and swept her yard.
Cas elaborates, his voice rising a little. The baby sighs again as Cas continues, “
Cas’s hand on his arm anchored him as he felt the world spinning under his feet, his whole body feeling cottony.
One man cried out, like the king,
“You like that baby?”
Pine-tar canoes.
“I think I have a coupon anyway…”
“Oh darkness within me! You have touched love and rejoiced for it has bloomed in your palm. I have touched love and despaired for it has withered in my fists.”
Cas closes the book and Dean hears him slide it onto the table next to the rocking chair, but Cas doesn’t stop. He’s holding Daniel and staring at the window over Danny’s crib, watching the stars wink at him from beyond the dark blue curtains, content to hold Danny’s warm, sleeping little form in his arms for as long as he can. He stays that way for a few more moments and then stands, and Dean hears him shift Danny and then move to the crib, rustling the blankets as he slips Danny in among them, the baby noises and little whine as Danny immediately turns onto his stomach and folds his legs up under him.
Dean’s favorite part is coming up, the part where Cas’s voice gets so soft that it’s like every word is a brush against the air, the most soothing, wonderful, intimate thing, laced with love and gentleness that makes it almost unfathomable that he was a warrior of God for milleniums on end. One who chose to give that up and rock Dean’s baby and read him stories at night.
Dean kisses Cas who tastes like sweettarts and cider in the kitchen where he sets the rest of the donuts in a plastic bag for tomorrow morning.
“Later.” Cas grits, “Later, later.”
They settle into a cycle after a while and Dean stands and goes back to the master bedroom looking triumphant. He’s about to shove his victory in Cas’s face when he realizes that Cas is knocked out - he’s dead asleep, mouth partly open, on Dean’s pillow, a pair of Dean’s socks still in his hand, snoring away.
Dean gets his kiss too, but it’s quick as Cas goes back to messing with the camera and Dean can look around at the pulled curtain on the stage and the giant, bare, Christmas tree that sits beside it, ready and waiting.
for you
“We tried.” He whispers to the sandwich before picking it up and tossing it into the thicket behind their house.
The shades are pulled and the room is dark and cavernous and oppressively warm, and Cas does look kind of zombie-like as he stares at the screen, blinking occasionally with his head so far back in his pillow Dean is convinced it’s going to swallow him and never spit him back out.
They commanded, and so he played.
“No - they misplaced it when they moved into the new place…” He sighed, and pulled the camera down and stared at it, clicking the buttons on the side. Dean watched him with an amused expression, noting the way the digital screen lit up and cast a blue-white glow on Cas’s features as he thumbed through the settings and menus, still standing in the middle of the sidewalk.
“Sing to me?” Her eyes go wide and Dean nods.
“Oh, Dean, could you get that?” Cas said passively, folding the rest of the bills and slipping them into his pocket with the rest of the coins. Sam, stationed in one of Bobby’s recliners, watched in fascination as Dean nodded and then slipped to the floor. He dug around a bit, and then turned so his back was to them.
dusty-footed walker
Stones that will one day be sand like stars, and you will never count them, oh my catfish.
Castiel looked in fascination at his human hand. Not exactly the same thing as it was even a millisecond ago, shedding cells by the millions.
“Thank you, angel.” Cas says in response and Daniel goes back to sorting his candy, only looking up when Dean puts down their food and starts fiddling with the DVD player.
“If you carry such a heavy heart you will turn into a catfish!” The bruja says suddenly, and she turns her tanned face to Leticia, grinning. Leticia’s eyes go wide and her mouth falls open. The bruja leans on her broom, laughing a little to herself, her wispy gray hair falling out of it’s holdings, looking like spiderwebs are caught in her hair when the dusty wind blows across the yard.
He did not seek light, but light found him instead.
Good morning lazy sunday. Good morning soft-eyed, soft-hand, soft-shirt, sunday.
“Dean
Cas stared down at the pie’s top, trying to tell himself he had done a good job. It would probably taste ok - it just wasn’t the prettiest. They always made it look so easy online on those DIY blogs or whatever they were called. This wasn’t as crisp and perfect looking as the picture, but it would at least pass for a decent stand in.
Dean is supposed to be doing dishes, but instead he is sitting outside his son’s bedroom, listening to the creak of a rocking chair going back and forth.
He darted for the stairs. Dean met him half way up, and Cas let out a sound of surprise as Dean grabbed him around the middle. Cas held the pie plate up and the fork, trying to wiggle out of Dean’s grip, but Dean had him. Cas sank to sitting on the stairs, successfully escaping Dean’s arms, and turned - his legs on either side of Dean as he stood above him, staring down at Cas who laughed and took another forkful of pie and shoved it into his mouth. Dean crouched over him, and grabbed his hair and Cas groaned enthusiastically around the mouthful of cherries and cold crust.
“She’s your dog, baby, if you would remember: ‘we should get a dog’, 'I want a dog’, 'let’s get a Corgi they are family friendly and manageable’….”
Dean hisses when she trips and rocks forward, her knees hitting the poured concrete.
“Hey big guy.” He says as Danny wraps his arms around his waist. “You feelin’ crummy?”
“Dean, come on, wait a minute?” Cas pleads, taking the potholders to the glass container of cider to distribute it out in three cups, Faith’s cold and put separately.
“Ok.”
caravans and bathing herds of
He was jerked back to reality by Faith grabbing his nose, looking up at him with her big brown eyes wide.
they would build
“Keke - my brother - has a toothache."
It’s never better though, and when he finally gets  to sleep there isn’t anything he can do except screw up his eyes against  the pain and take one startling shallow breath after another and hope  Sam doesn’t hear him too much.
(this conversation always tastes like oranges)
Dean smirks when he hears how slightly impressed Castiel sounds at the final issue. Dean himself didn’t know how he managed to go through the whole box, but there he was with a Trek marathon on the local channel and a box of Little Debbie’s and Castiel off doing some stupid neighborhood association thing. He indulged.
bring me his lamp, i will light it.
“Well? Did I do good?” He asked, putting a hand on Cas’s knee and slipping it up over his thigh. He pinched the knit material of Cas’s pajama shorts in between his fingers and snapped it against Cas’s leg while Cas looked inside the tub and then cautiously stuck his finger in it. Dean impatiently watched as he swiped out some chocolate and then stuck it in his mouth, staring at the side still. He sucked his finger thoughtfully and then licked his lip, lifting his gaze, letting his finger trail against his lower lip
Piano: a quiet refusal.
“It turn out?”
i have traced your shadow
He wishes Sammy had burned him, left him as ashes.
Cas eases him down on the kitchen chair and doesn’t say anything about it. He busies himself with the first aid kit and a tall glass of water for the ibuprofen he gets out first.
my catfish,
“Yeah monkey, you and Danny too.”
He climbs into the Impala and starts it.
“I mean…uh…” He pries the stick out of Daniel’s fingers and corrals him back to the blanket, holding him to make sure he doesn’t get away again.
my porcupine quill,
“I love you.” He says. “I love you…so much. I don’t think I’ll ever really get across to you how much.”
“Sure.”
“Trout and some other stuff.”
“Is that accepted behavior? The idea of Halloween is to enjoy the festivities while being something you are not.” Cas deadpans and Dean flips the top of the paper down again, only his green eyes exposed.
“Why are you here? Why…” Dean whispers, gripping the side of his head, “…
Daniel is crying with laughter when they walk in to where Cas is seated on the floor, occupying Faith with “The Witch Has An Itch”, in the living room. He looks up at them and grins.
“Danny, stop.” Dean scolded as Daniel tried to pull the magazine away.
Cas watched Dean as he started to explain and his fingers tightened over the camera. It really had turned out, hadn’t it?
“You get that on anything and Papa’s gonna kill you.” Faith stage whispered from her perch on Dean’s lap. Danny smirked and took a long drink, propping his feet up on the coffee table.
“Go to sleep Danny.” He whispered, softer than before, watching his son pout. Dean reached down and picked up Danny’s stuffed puppy dog where it had fallen out of his bed and held it in front of his face.
Who would have thought the average ten year old wouldn’t chomp at the bit to be Plato or an ancient Tang Dynasty warrior or
to have something sweet before he goes to bed, which usually encourages him to brush his teeth again, and Cas, also, usually, likes to wear pj’s.
“Love you.”
Proud and ancient love – my love is stones that will one day be sand.
“Here, I’ll give you some juice after you take it, ok? To get the taste out – Dean, can you get that juice she likes?” Castiel sounds as tired as Faith is, and it makes sense because Dean’s been gone all day doing the whole mechanic thing, and Cas’s been taking care of a sick child.
“She keeps undoing the ribbon so I just took them off.” Cas says blandly, smiling at Faith who raises her arms to him, making little squealing noises.
That maybe, today, it will be easier to forget that  there is something sitting on his chest and that it plays idle games of  tic-tac-toe on his skin with claws as long as his hand.  How  it smiles at him sadly because every games a draw and tilts its head  and pens its little ‘x’s and little ‘o’s wherever it pleases.
Daniel shakes his head rapidly.
would you stop calling me that!”
. More than anything – a-anything in the entire universe.”
“Much.”
Danny dresses slowly in his room, stepping sleepily into his pajamas and coat and boots while Dean helps Faith into her nightie and a sweater that he buttons up and socks too because it’s freezing outside. She puts her feet into them with a tiny smile, spreading her toes because they are her favorite colors: yellow and blue stripe.
“Daddy? Can I have a bath? I feel bad.” She croaks and Dean looks down and kisses her gently on the side of the head, carrying her upstairs.
A bird flies frantically into the rafters, chirping and screaming and the audience claps.
Dean shrugs, shaking his head in disdain.
“I know.” Dean whispers, kissing him, “It’s ok, I know."
The wonder, Dean decides, is only that he is able to receive the love he gets without splitting in two at the weight of it.
When Cas had reacted so strongly to the towel being thrown on him she had frozen, and Dean had paused to watch her.
“Dinner in an hour.” He calls and Dean straightens his shirt and his hair and laughs and grins stupidly, shaking his head. He considers changing the station and doesn’t, wandering back to the Impala, twirling his wrench.
“Of course little man.” He says, clicking play on the menu screen, listening to the familiar jazzy piano of the Peanuts gang as the movie starts.
Dean jerks up, their hips meeting. There’s a brief moment of thought that Dean will regret this tomorrow morning when he walks Faith to school, but the moment is very
. He has all his limbs, he’s completely intact, his car is parked in front of the grocery store that they usually go to.
Some of them made it to this place, stooped and looked at their faces in the watery mirror for the first time in their lives. Others saw what they already knew because it belonged to their ancestors - the chins and noses of mothers and brothers and aunts.
He didn’t blame it; it was hard for old things to stay awake.
to do? Like breathing? Faith, will you die if you don't  nag me?” Daniel said back, taking another long drink and Faith lurched forward, only stopped by Dean’s arm around her midsection.
Dean slides his fingers out and when they’re replaced Cas seizes up, mouth open in a voiceless hallelujah.
“Of course.” He whispers softly, all his little demanding self tucked safely away in his sublimely tranquil shell. He heaves himself up to walk to the bathroom. He hates sleeping like that, and he wipes himself up, the tap running a wonderful white noise on Dean’s ears, before padding back to bed to nestle naked against Dean’s side.
“Me too.” He says, letting sleep wash over him like a warm wave.
“Of course you’d be thinking of food.” He teases, and Dean laughs, suddenly not so tired, even after a week alone with two kids.
i have walked from far
“Do you have medicine?” Leticia tries, making sure, and the bruja waves her brown hand at her, the other patting down the cobwebs on her head.
“Oh…” He breathes, gripping his own elbows in his shock, and he shakes his dark-hair out, a piece falling over his forehead. “Oh, no. I was just listening.” He looks back at the record and Dean realizes his face isn’t exactly excited-looking.
“Dean!”
Dean didn’t have any time to respond, because Cas was already slapping cherry pie onto his face.
“Inside voices, Danny!” He reminds as Faith stands up and toddles to him, collapsing into his lap with brightly colored candy to shove into his hands. “Yes, thank you!” Castiel redirects, taking the candy and putting it back up on the table. Faith sits on his knees and stares at him, still holding more candy to offer and Cas takes it all, eyebrows raising. “Thank you Faith, yes, thank you.”
whose body is a frame
“I’m not going to come back again. I’ll be gone. For good.”
. So good and Dean makes him feel so fucking
My spear-throwing love, my love like many lions.
“Cas?”
“Yeah, well I figured that this would make the day more exciting. I feel bad - I told Danny we’d go to the nature reserve and see the animals, but then the weather happened.” Dean shrugged, stepping back and scooting in between the wall and the chair, laying the hammer and the nails on top of the bookshelf where little hands wouldn’t get them.
He became  caught by his hair as he passed through a thicket, and when they saw him  hanging there, the men of the king killed him.
Which made for a very, very, wrung-out Cas. Most days he slept in the nursery, on the floor next to Faith’s crib in the hopes that he could calm her before her whimpering escalated to full scale wailing.
What news of my son, my river armed son?
“…I hear it. It’s the way I would sing about you.” Cas finishes. Dean goes quiet, letting the record play, swaying with Cas in their dark living room.
At the doorway, Leticia leans like the broom, watching the bruja, not wanting to go.
my smoke colored
. Enough of what, Dean isn’t sure he wants to figure out.
They trick-or-treat for two hours, going all the way to the back of the neighborhood, and by the end of it, Daniel’s pillowcase is fat with candy and his feet are dragging.
“Daddy, we gotta do our favorite part together, ok?” Daniel commands and Dean nods.
“Yeah!”
“Come on! Keep up!” Cas mocks, and this just makes Dean laugh even harder, their fingers tangling together as the song moves into the bridge.
An hour and a half later Cas opened the back door and scraped Daniel’s shoes out of the way like he did basically every time he came in. He was astounded at how quiet the house was, but when he entered the living room it was clear why.
“You’re never too big to sit with your dad, now get your sorry self over here and watch this baseball game with me or I’ll kick your butt.”
“Sleep.” He directs again and Dean laughs weakly, flopping back down, throwing an arm over his eyes. Cas runs an appreciative hand over his stomach and then leaves, the door creaking shut and clicking closed.
“Come on, give it a big push!” he says, watching through the view screen and then glancing at his son as he pants and presses his little palms to the carpet. “Come on, you can do it!” Dean encourages, clicking the zoom and then watching as Danny squeals, his legs pitching oddly.
“Look, Faith, I’m a fish…” He said, puckering his lips and moving his hands like fins. Faith watched him and then slowly, started to mimic him.
It wasn’t your standard confection.
“It was good.” Dean says, watching Cas as he interacts with Faith, smiling at her with dizzy eyes and she squeals back at him.
“Cas, what the hell are you even supposed
. But, then again, what part of Dean ever reflected anything sensible?
When they reach the bottom Cas is waiting in a jacket, holding Dean’s, the headlights of the Impala shining into the house from the front drive.
“Fuck yeah.” He replies and Cas kisses him, slowly, sleepily.
Knowing Castiel, the two really aren’t that different.
The hunger that had once been of many became one, and the catfish was quick and clever and was buried in the dark for many ages.
“I missed you terribly.” Cas replies, kissing Dean again before they start heading for baggage claim.
“Just
“Did you take a spill?” He asks and she nods, mouth still open in little gulping sobs. “Yeah?” He pulls her hand towards his mouth, kissing the angry, pink, skin.
'I’ll tell you, cause’ it’s better to hear from some regular kind, not river folk, though I was one of them, but that was long ago. Strange folk are down on the river, and they’ll tell you stranger things; this ain’t gonna be the last you hear of strange goin
“God just get this taste outta my mouth.” He whimpered and Dean went quickly to the kitchen, putting the glass together in record time. He brought it back and Daniel was slumped against the wall, staring up at him blearily. Dean knelt down, even though his knees complained, and handed him the glass, helping it bring it to his mouth.
“GOT HIM!” He yells, whooping, and Castiel, perturbed by the situation and more than a little whoozy now that he thinks about it stares at the limp creature hanging from the trap.
“Papa took Danny to his school so he could practice for the recital tonight.” He tells her and she noshes on her chicken and then picks up a piece of squash and eats that too. A thoughtful look comes over her face.
“Did we put sunscreen on him?” Cas blurts suddenly, looking at the tube he’s now holding. Dean strains to remember.
“Do you want me to make you some tea?” Cas said, his words muddled, and Daniel shook his head again, taking a step closer. Dean knew what he was doing as soon as he did and Cas seemed to as well, both of them scooting so that there was space in the middle stretched between them. Dean lifted up the cover and Daniel shed his own blanket and climbed over him, knee knocking against Dean’s ribs, but Dean stifled his complaint. Cas pulled the sheets up over Daniel and then Dean lifted the comforter over that, Cas reaching down to pull a pillow off of the floor.
Eventually they would discover that Incahuasi used to be a pluvial lake full of fossils.
Cas, undeterred, simply carries on as usual, and Dean falls a little more in love.
“Dean.” Castiel croaks, fingers scrambling, raking through Dean’s short hair. Dean digs his nails into Cas’s skin and Castiel rocks forward on his lap, the air hot around them, the TV still casting a blue-white glow on their dim bedroom. Dean knows he couldn’t imagine the stiff drag of something on his stomach if he tried, but he doesn’t have to, and it just turns him up that much more.
, so it wasn’t anything…bad. It was merely, as Castiel had told himself before, an appreciation for the art Castiel had created.
She does not look up when Leticia stops, only a little closer than the big cactus. Leticia waits, because she does not know what to say, and shifts on her feet, flexing her toes. They are cramped up in her shoes, and she does not like it. She’d rather be barefoot.
“I don’t need much.” He tells Dean, and Dean can taste that honesty on his mouth and feels it in a sharp spike to his gut. Suddenly he realizes how
“Totally.”
and maybe that hurts the worst of all - like when he left all of him  got scattered and absorbed by everyone else to constantly remind him  that he was there and he walked there and he held his head that way
“Get out of the car.”
to build a strong house.
Danny holds his free hand and keeps rubbing his red-rimmed eyes with the back of his other.
He  repeats, nearly screaming it over the spastic gives of his diaphragm as  he tries to switch gears from laughing to crying out. He shudders, his  body forfeiting control, betraying him yet again. His leg twitches and  he jerks on the ground, squeezing eyes shut against the image of Cas  staring down at him, all sallow skin and shoes leaking muddy water.
“Not even for a surprise downstairs?” He asked and Danny seemed to perk up at that, sitting up, with a case of bed head for the record books.
Danny hugged Dean’s head and laughed as Dean grinned at Cas.
Cas nuzzles his head into the pillow and throws his arm over Dean’s chest, smiling briefly as Dean runs his fingers over the ridge of his wrist where it’s settled against his side.
“Here.” Cas says gruffly, putting a bandaid on Dean when he complains that he’s got a stiff elbow. Dean looks at the little bandage and then up at Cas’s grave face. “Is that better?”
Castiel sets his bodies shoulders and curls his hand into a fist.
Cas flings an arm over him and draws closer.
“Do you see her Danny? She’s telling the baby bunny to hush because it’s time to go to sleep.” Cas explains, and though Dean can’t see he knows it’s Danny and Cas’s very favorite part of the book and that Cas doesn’t even have to look at the words anymore. He leans his cheek into Danny’s hair, his fingers over Danny’s little baby stomach, warm and soft, gently stroking the fleece of his nightie, the baby quilt curled in Danny’s fat fist and his eyes sleepy and glassy as he stares at the pages of the book.
“I know.” She sighs, looking at her toes. She plays with the edge of the rug in their bedroom and twists her finger in her hair, a nervous habit she’s had since she was small. Dean knows that - it means she’s trying not to cry.
He smiled.
“You like it Daddy?” He asks bashfully and Dean hauls him into his arms and spins him around.
His fingers splay out on Dean’s hot back and Dean sighs in affection.
and bent to kiss
Faith giggles and tries to press her hands in front of her face to keep the water from hitting it and Danny cups his hands and forces a jet down before letting it shoot back up. He plays the streams like an imaginary harp and Cas squeezes his fingers around the base of his glass.
“Ok, now I’m gonna teach you to two step, but you have to cooperate, ok?”
“WOW!” He yelled, and Cas heard the thumping of him bounding down, and had to tighten his fist as Dean scolded him not to run. They had to pause at the bottom as Faith reached out her arms for Cas, making little squeaks, and Cas took her from Dean who followed Danny into the fort, dropping down to go after him. Cas watched them go behind the blanket, their shadows outlined by the lamp and the pale light from outside. Thunder rumbled closer and the rain picked up, and Danny and Dean started discussing something and their was the sound of a box being opened - the animal crackers.
He has people who need him, and he won’t deny them a moment while he’s still around.
“The most they have to worry about is how much Sam is going to over feed them, ok? Nothing is going to happen.” And then Cas is pulling away to open the wine with a struggle and, after realizing they have no real wine glasses, shrugs and pours it into two regular ones.
And the darkness in the man was lessened.
, smirking. Something he would have expected from his brother because his brother could barely keep that kind of thing to himself, but from Cas? Never Cas.
All three of them were completely asleep and Cas had to chuckle when he saw Danny with his mouth open and his arm flung over his face, not even changed out of his practice uniform, all of his 17 year old body stretched over the couch and his feet hanging off of the end. Then there was Faith, awkwardly turned in towards Dean’s chest, her leg stiffly hanging off the arm of the recliner, her bare toes twitching and her long brown hair caught in her eyelash, Dean’s own head thrown back, gone, his fingers holding Faith’s shoulder loosely.
“What’re you and papa doin with dose blankets?” Danny drawled, still half asleep, squinting “Are you guys having a sleepover?”
It was then that Dean heard the nearly imperceptible sound of a fork hitting a plate. Dean turned slowly towards Cas and watched as Cas hovered a piece of cherry pie right in front of his mouth.
no better than a catfish’s fins,
Yes, it is clear, who holds Castiel’s adoration.
overcome by love for Dean, but in this instance it magnified in a way it had never magnified before. It all seemed to spill out of him and pool at his feet. It manifested in Cas’s shaking hand as it gripped Dean’s forearm suddenly and firmly.
He’d do it. He’ll sink that low – hell, he’s halfway there.
and wash your tired feet when the journey has ended,
I carried his lamp and lit his way.
Dean brings them towels as the sun starts to go down and carries Faith inside when she fusses, Danny and Cas following to stand dripping in the laundry room. Cas rubs a towel over Danny’s body, frizzes, his hair, kisses all over his face. Little arms go around his neck and he picks Danny up, his little brown eyes peeking out behind his towel, staring at him and tilting his head.
“Hmm.” Cas hummed in response, moving around the couch to see better, now putting two and two together. Dean had taken chairs from the kitchen and moved them in as well as shoving the couch and Cas’s reading chair over  and moving the coffee table to make room for quite an elaborate blanket fort. The pale green blanket seemed to glow from the inside where Dean had placed a lamp on the floor in the interior and shoved blankets and pillows from all over the house in.
“C’mere.” Dean whispers, and Cas sits forward. They slide their hands over each other, wet skin slick, and Cas buries himself in Dean’s mouth. Water slips out of the tub onto the floor, but it’s when Dean knocks his knee on the porcelain that they climb out. They trail wet footprints onto the tile and Dean towels Cas’s hair into a frizzy mess, Cas kissing him the whole time. Dean towels at Cas’s shoulders, his back, sighing as Cas kisses his neck, the hollow of his collar bone, the inside of his elbow, his palm. Dean drops the towel and Cas blows out the candles. It’s pitch black in the room and Cas sits on the edge of the bed and holds his arms out
Cas screams – but it isn’t exactly in ecstasy, because Dean yells too, and they jump apart, Dean tripping on his pants and slamming awkwardly into the table.
“Make your scariest shark face!” Cas directs and Daniel continues his pout before moving his hands up in claws. Dean laughs into the smile he’s got going for Cas’s Nikon. He’s not sure that’s exactly correct, but Daniel pulls it off well, his face twisted in a sneer, teeth bared.
Cas was curled up under their old sheet and blanket set when Dean got to his room and as Dean slid in beside him, Cas pulled him until he was resting on top, covering Cas’s body with his.
Dean laughs so hard tears roll down his cheeks as the kids gaze up at him in confusion at what the hell he’s doing when he tells them their costumes aren’t at all accurate, or that they have no real validity, or perhaps they should have chosen a more honorable selection for dress. He tells one child he looks heavily like the scientist Louis Pasteur and the kid doesn’t even wait for his candy, but walks away.
Castiel leans forward and gently touches his forehead to hers.
!” Cas  yelled suddenly, yanking his hand back, but the damage was done. It had been tipping in his hand and the sauce had oozed out on to the covers and even some of the sheets where they’d been bunched up (Dean and Cas were bad about making their bed).
Cas blinked as the realization hit.
see these arms?
They were met at the top of the landing by a little boy in baseball pj’s scrubbing at his face.
“Love your laugh.” Dean reflects, Cas arching up again into another drag of Dean’s closed hand. Cas squeezes his forearm.
learn how to live with disappointment.
“Ok.” Dean conceded. “But Cas, we have to talk about this…there’s rules and things and…”
He’ll get him almost there, and then one misstep, one little movement, and he’s awake and screaming again. Dean says it’s colic and that it won’t last forever; he’ll grow out of it, eventually.
, near
“How will I turn into a catfish?”
He stalls on a hipbone.
“Is something wrong, Dean?” Castiel probes, and Dean snorts, picking up a cookie off the plate centered on their coffee table. He spits crumbs as he speaks, and relishes Sam’s disgusted expression.
“Help.” He half laughs, half whines, as Dean sits up and drags the comforter over him, the two melting together. Cas’s head lands right over Dean’s heartbeat, and he’s still in seconds, and Dean doesn’t mind that it leaves him setting the sleep timer on the TV and stroking Cas’s back under his sweatshirt, the skin warm and smooth.
He’s loose though and the thought makes Dean’s dick twitch, ratcheting up a bit.
He doesn’t know what ‘for good’ looks like at this  point, because gone means a lion on his chest, and gone meant a  water-logged trench coat, and gone looked like two fist pressed against  his eyes at night and lips parted in something silent and terrifying,  like a sob made of hot coals or a string of needles in his throat.
The bruja walks over and touches Leticia’s cheek.
Cas doesn’t look at Dean but tilts his head, expression shifting from serious to a shadow of sorrow.
Cas tries to say he is. He really does. He doesn’t want to worry Dean; that old stigma of never wanting to cause him trouble making its more and more infrequent appearance.
it is the dry season, and i dream of you and your jar.
That quiets her and she sucks in her breath and whimpers. Dean looks between his kids and then crosses his arms.
.” Dean says hotly against his neck, “Hot as fuck Cas the way you want it…”
“Who says I can’t go where I want?” He replies in time, swiping the pad of his fingers together, flicking it away.
“MM…” Danny mumbled, rolling back into the couch, pressing his face in the side and twisting the blanket around his body. Cas looked at the ceiling for a moment and then smiled, going into the kitchen to start on said dinner, grabbing the empty powerade bottle on his way.
Daniel leaned in between Dean’s legs and whined.
blue skinned,
Castiel felt for the seam and slipped underneath the curtain of heaven. He nearly broke his back from the weight of it, but soon he wriggled free, popping out from between the stitches.
Castiel said awkwardly, doing his best to summarize the omnipotent rules of the endless cosmic chess game into a measurable word. Humans were - as usual - close, but not quite.
Under his feet, under the white snowy-crush crust of salt, the water was still and old and dreaming teary dreams of splashing
“You are very easily entertained.” Sam mumbles, tickled. He raises his other hand and Danny’s eyes track it as it comes into view. “Here’s another. Pretty cool huh? I mean, for hands. Which you already have. Mine are just huge.”
Leticia keeps watching the crooked finger as it scratches absently on the table.
i knew it was you,
“W-wait…just wait.” Cas says, unbuttoning them for Dean, sliding the zipper down, palm raking over the growing bulge in Dean’s boxers. “Impatient…” He kisses Dean again as the jeans kick off the end of Dean’s feet. They kiss for a long time, tongues sliding over one another’s until Dean cants his hips just as Cas does and Cas lifts full off of Dean’s chest, rocking back, spine arched.
so i might be as wine and strengthen him.
Cas sets Danny down on the blanket once it’s spread out and Dean sets down the milk crate and then the two of them collapse under the shade of the tree. It’s a gorgeous day - 80 degrees and the sun  is dappled across the three of them, shimmering when the breeze rattles the bright green leaves above. Kids play soccer down a ways and the pond is a bustle with geese and ducks, and people are having their own picnic lunches.
The humans would call it brilliant and Castiel, in the scheme of all things, would call it inconsequential.
“Cas, come on, take this.” Dean grunted, shoving one of the many bags into Cas’s limp hands. Cas jerked into reality, snow pillowing down on the street with little flurries and eddies in the wind, some sticking to his hair and the lapels of his coat. It created quite the scene – the main street of their sometimes too perfect town lit up with lights, the main drag’s streetlights brocaded in fat velvet bows and huge garlands of holly. With the snow, it really wasn’t any true wonder that Cas was distracted. He had the sensitivity of a child when it came to stimulus like Christmas.
“You want eggs?”
“So close!” Dean laughs, and Cas drops to his knees, meeting Danny’s eyes.
The salt knew death was coming for them back then and would be there again soon. It had tasted it before - it remembered the tiger’s tongue lolling into the water to lap and clean its jaws of blood. As far as it was concerned 46,000 years without any trouble seemed like a good time for it to start.
“Did you have fun with Daddy for a week?”
-” He shoved Dean weakly off and then threw up again, dry heaving when he’d expelled all there was to give. Dean rubbed between his shoulder blades as Daniel sobbed again, shaking.
It’s hard when Dean gets out of the Impala with a limp. He twisted something when his foot went straight through a rotten stair. Almost cost him his life if Sam hadn’t been waiting right at the bottom, covering him. Dean had fallen straight through; fucked up his knee pretty bad along with it.
He holds her tight against him, noticing how long her legs are getting. She starts to settle down and kisses him again, her hair sticking to her face, eyes big and shiny from crying.
Cas sighs again and hears Dean go back inside, pulling a chair over to the wall so he can take the batteries out of the alarm.
Love of many wings, oh my love is a flock, my love is a flock of birds and many wings, all beating.
such a sturdy house
Cas found the right button and tried again, this time able to actually see the picture he’d taken.
Cas sniffs and wipes the moisture out of his eyes, letting Dean hoist him up out of the rocker as quietly as possible.
Blessedly, Danny managed to hold his stomach in until they got home, but as soon as they were though the back door, Danny was racing for the downstairs bathroom and shoving his head in the toilet, Dean following closely at his heels.
for you
“Bed.” Dean whispered. “Come on, bed. I said
“Game still on?” he asked as he strolled into the living room and flung himself onto the couch, untwisting the cap on the blue sport’s drink.
“Hey!” he said, and Faith looked up at him, her big brown eyes wide. Dean raised his eyebrows. “Where’d he go? Where did Papa go?” Faith made a noise and then  whipped her head back to Cas and the towel. She teetered forward and patted at it.
“…but you were the greatest wonder.” Cas says to the possum and the raccoon, to the vixen with yellow eyes gleaming at the seam of the thicket keeping vigil over the kits in her den, fat with milk. Two little kits are curled on their grandfather’s bed as he tells them a story he has been wanting to tell for a long time. He translates it, but in his head it is the story of three boys who saved an old man from himself. The little girl’s infant fist curls against her mouth and she nibbles her finger, nodding forward, trying to keep the sleep away . The boy sprawls at his feet, arms slung out over the old man’s legs, head resting on his thigh. The dog on the rug below kicks absently in her dreams.
“Now, you’re going to clean this up, and then I’m going to set up the traps, and then we’re going to go to dinner because you promised.”  Cas told him, and Dean just sagged.
come to me.
“Oh my god it’s
“Yeah, of course.” Dean admonished, gruffly, smiling. He hadn’t seen Cas all day – studying for a teaching degree (or at least pretending to because when you are previously a millenniums year old celestial wavelength things seem to come easier in academics) will do that to someone, and Cas was looking especially good in Dean’s old flannel rolled over one of his own growing t-shirt collection. Cas, though, seemed to have other plans as he pushed Dean away from him once he’d stood up, putting the trap back in the bag, successfully stopping Dean’s advances.
He gave a nebulous laugh, a plume of fertile particles.
“Yeah!” Danny yelled back, and there was a rattle as he threw them against the baseboard in the hallway and Dean stiffened.
When Dean comes up behind him he sees that it is a rather sad looking, soggy, grilled cheese sandwich.
“You want me to clean you up?” he teased, pushing up with his feet so that he slid up a few inches. Dean stared down at him.
“Can’t see a thing – “ Cas mutters as Dean helps him, steering the neck of the bottle with his finger, smiling. The wine is making Cas’s face flush and it’s making his mouth loose. They go through the bottle as they eat slowly, Cas pecking at Dean’s leftovers when he’s done with his own.
with my wanting
Because, the truth was, Dean could.
, Castiel thought.
Static is all he hears until he catches a snatch of something vaguely familiar. Furrowing his brow he tunes it till the song fades in and then comes at him full blown. It’s a song that isn’t terribly old, but he knows nothing about this kind of music.
“I could if I didn’t have the towel on me…” Cas grumbled, but he stayed put as Dean came closer, balancing the basket of clean clothes on the back of the couch.
“I know sugar.” Dean says gruffly back, looking up at Cas. “You gonna handle her?” He asks and Cas adjusts her in his arms while she hugs his neck, making another miserable sound. Polly watches them from under the kitchen table, her ears pricking in their direction.
His son drags his tummy against the carpet, wrinkling his onesie, and then collapses, staring at Dean.
They shout with joy, and do it again, until he chases and they run; he runs, they follow. Around the yard, Polly up and nipping at his heels, herding her humans, and Cas tripping over his wet jeans that are starting to slide off, soaked with water. When Danny nearly pantses him he’s laughing so hard he can’t breathe - and it’s scary and wonderful to be swallowing the sun instead of staring into it, to be falling and tumbling into the grass, landing on arms that will probably bruise with the impacts but will always get up again. The drops that come to him aren’t pitfalls, they are covered in little hands and legs and fingers in his hair and bright little eyes staring down on him with such happiness and gratefulness that he is there. Another pair of eyes that watch him from the sidelines, eyes that wouldn’t let him get hurt again. Not like before.
“Oh!” He exclaimed, coming to inspect the glass cup in Dean’s hands. “Oh -
He pulls up to their house around four in the afternoon, and he hates doing that because he always has to call Cas ahead of time, make sure the kids are outside. He doesn’t want them to see him like this with a cut over his eyebrow that he didn’t have the time or energy to clean and his leg dragging like a lame dog’s.
time has not spared me, holy one. it has sewn weariness into these bones, it has tied me together with sorrow, it has taken its whip and lashed its name on my back, it has colored me broken.
He’s still tired, but when he sees the blood on his  hand from his lip he jerks into the reality that he’s bleeding and he  remembers the missed phone call from Sam. His brother is worried – maybe  worried enough to take a cab and pick him up.
It’s better than sleeping on the concrete.
Go and get the medicine because she owes me a favor, and Leticia goes because she is the middle girl and the middle girl goes to get the medicine.
“You’re a piece of work.” Dean accuses, biting him, nipping, and Cas takes it all, scrabbling at Dean’s back, “Fucking tease me…and then you just wanna go.”
Pianissimo: the warmth against Cas’ hair when Dean takes a breath.
“You are too fast a learner.” Dean comments, panting and Cas doesn’t say anything but changes their positions so he’s the one leading.
The power goes out on February 13
.”  Dean spits, harshly, at the earth. “You get the fuck out of my head.”  He bends backwards, teetering, one arm bracing himself on that ugly ass  Kia and he starts to stand again. He knows he shouldn’t drive. He  shouldn’t even try to get up. Every muscle he’s got is protesting  movement, begging him to just
my blue skied day
“I got this, Cas!” Dean replies, shaking his head, kissing Cas firmly on the mouth , one hand on either side of his head to keep him from talking anymore, before he closes the door behind a Daniel who has already made it to the end of their driveway. Cas follows, standing in the chilly air, bouncing Faith on his hip.
When he opens them, Cas has left and everything is right (by definition).
with the light and
“I know sugar.” Dean says gruffly back, looking up at Cas. “You gonna handle her?” He asks and Cas adjusts her in his arms while she hugs his neck, making another miserable sound. Polly watches them from under the kitchen table, her ears pricking in their direction.
and he’s been reduced to incomprehensible frustration by a child that is barely a few months old.
“Come on baby.” Dean urges, “Come on.”
“No, stay with Daddy I’m taking your picture.” He tells her, raising the camera to his eye, swiping the air with his hand at Daniel.
“Goodnight Moon.” Cas says softly, opening the book, Danny sighing against his Papa’s chest, rustling the soft little baby hairs on his forehead. He kicks his leg restlessly and rolls his head, looking at the pages of the book, lifting a fat infant hand to drag it across the picture.
“What?” She says. Cas doesn’t say anything, just keeps staring at her heart shaped face, the delicate point of her chin. Dean and he had been talking last night about how pretty she was getting. Dean was more than uncomfortable with how beautiful she is.
Castiel pulls the sweater over his head and looks out the window, rustling the blinds as he looks between them. He smiles, smoothing the sweater down.
Cas smiles, and Dean tries to understand it, but it’s difficult. Castiel gets so lost in his own head sometimes that nothing seems to translate. Cas goes to the record and fuddles with it. He turns over his shoulder and comes to Dean who looks down in surprise as Cas slips his arms around his waist and presses his cheek to Dean’s shoulder. Dean automatically returns the embrace but doesn’t anticipate the slow turning that Cas initiates. They go in tiny circles over the same spot on the rug - it can’t even count as dancing. The record plays and Cas breaths over Dean’s collarbone.
“Danny come here so I can give this to you…” Cas says distantly, watching Faith with one eye and measuring out more of the over-the-counter cough syrup with the other, having wasted no time in fishing it out of the plastic bags that Dean has brought in. Its seven o’clock at night and what Dean pushed off as just allergies the day before is a full-fledged
“You give em’ the old one-two?” Dean smirks and Cas goes back to the window, nods, and then joins Dean at the table, nibbling on his bagel that’s started to go cold.
They told him: we have killed your rebellious son, great king of many stars.
That is, until he’s putting away the 'good china’ which, believing he’d ever have 'good china’ would be like asking him if he believed in Santa at age fifty, and he hears the sound of Cas dragging out the record player that Bobby gifted to him, and the groan and crackle of the needle on the vinyl.
Humans built new rafts. Improved on the design.
- river armed love, red clay love.
He looked out into the shimmering mirage, the splicing of dimensions over one another, slippery and flaking like mica, and saw that it wasn’t a match in God’s hand, but a baseball. He wound up to make the pitch.
“Feel that…” Dean tells him, “…fuck I missed you…wanted….” Cas shakes his head when Dean gives a well-timed
The star answered.
oh this pale and gasping thing, for it is all i have, for
The sun spears between his shoulder blades and the top of his head.
“One and two and one and two and…” They shuffle quick and Cas nearly knocks over a bucket full of nails, Dean pulling him out of the way just in time, laughing like an idiot.
For Castiel the sky is a violent smear of burning  modules – Milky Way, distinct to humans, stands only slightly raised  from the rest, a ribbon of raised light so otherwise common Castiel has  let himself not be bothered numerous times. He can watch each orbit, see  their paths, and project their destinations. He sees each atom as it  swells on Aldebaran’s shifting surface when he focuses there. He could  see everything at once if he desired.
He walks around feeling malnourished, in the mean time.
The brother offered his hands, for he had no need of them.
“She’s excited!” Dean says, glancing at her in the rear view mirror, the wipers on against the snow beginning to pillow down. “Ain’t ya’ monkey?”
distractedly staring at these people he is not allowed to know but  grieving just the same with white knuckles on the wheel and a distorted  sense of ownership - like a trench coat balled in the trunk of your car  makes you responsible for the person who wore it and who they were and  what they did and all the actions that made them up and every word that  they said and every time they looked at you or looked just past you…like  you were a horizon…
Cas ignores it, continuing in a little voice.
Elohim blessed the man, and his heart split and roared forth. His blood settled into the clay, and the red water ran, and Elohim took his hands and made him a catfish.
to say them, who knows their music,
Cas is arranging donuts on a plate and pulling the cider out of the microwave, dancing on the balls of his feet.
“Papa
“You think I’m fooling around?”
Cas sighs and puts the fruit and knife aside and let’s Dean lead him by the wrist to the garage again. He is confused when he hears the country music station playing where usually there would be ’86.9
in the reporter onscreen. Dean just gets to stand there and drink it in as he rotates his pale neck, the way his hair is a little mussed and Dean feels himself twitch, wanting to very much be a part of this little demonstration of Castiel’s flexibility. Castiel feels the look and just blinks, eyelashes fluttering around those baby blues, doe-eyed, at Dean.
“Dean.” Castiel said, more firmly this time, and Dean blinked at him, pupils adjusting to the light. Castiel smiled and stood, rifling through his shopping bag, bringing out a new mouse trap.
Most of the time the angels watched and thought they were imbeciles - products of a lucky break.
fit, throwing her arms around and screaming.
God help Dean if he doesn’t record ‘The Librarian’ or Stephen King’s ‘The Stand’ when they dare to make an appearance on the TV guide, because there will be hell to pay. Doesn’t matter how many times Cas has seen it – he has to watch it again, all with the same enthralled expression on his face, like somehow, the ending will turn out different.
Something in Cas’s voice moved the world again.
“Danny!” Dean calls, using what Cas likes to call his ‘business voice’, but then Dean catches sight of a plaid scarf and a dark blue jacket.
He’s been fussy for a few weeks and Cas is starting to honestly believe his son hates him. He feels slightly trapped; Dean is at the garage trying to get a car ready for a customer on next-day grounds, and Cas has been trying to get Daniel to settle for at least two hours.
my darling, my catfish, you have come from the clay which has come from my dust falling to earth; you are born from my ashes, you were fired in my flames. fine pottery masterpiece, my tears made a river and carved every scale of you. i have hollowed the place where my love will go, i have scooped out your flesh, you won’t need it, for i will fill every hunger you have. my clay bowl, i will drink from you, and you will fill me, and i shall pour into you till you overrun.
The front door flies open and Dean stalls halfway up the walk to the front porch as something in a yellow sweater comes leaping down the steps and towards him.
“Just dizzy.”
say that.” Sam growls, crossing his arms. “You’re just jealous because Cas didn’t put my present down after two seconds.”
ons considering such a people. Bout men walkin’ outta the water, bout leavin’ your lantern on the bank for the star to light for him. I swear by some of it. It’s a peculiar kind of religion. But they’ll tell you same as I’m telling you but it’s better you hear from me.
Maybe it’s because of all the unnecessary touching that Castiel has been doing since got home – the hands on his arms, on his back, a thigh, a knee here or there – but he’s been formulating a few ideas since dinner that weren’t exactly appropriate for conversation with a two year old. Leave it to Castiel to make everything appear an accident, but Dean knows better. Oh, how he
He wipes at his eyes, pushing the wet away, and takes another breath, and it sort of stutters out of him. He tries to smile, but finds he can’t really do it. His phone buzzes in the center console and he reaches to grab it, immediately rushing to compose his voice.
“We gonna go drive?” She slurs, coughing and Dean covers her mouth with the towel he used to dry her hair, but she shakes it off when he tries to wipe her face, her little nose red and raw, her eyes all weepy.
Or, perhaps, designed from humble paw to this sophisticated thing, made to knit itself so perfectly within another’s.
Castiel sees the red coat eating up everything, and  one day, one day, in Castiel’s lifetime, if all were as it should be,  he would watch that star shrink to the head of a pin for a brief moment.  An explosion so large would follow it would send debris firing out in  all directions – it would scatter it’s self in elemental dust.  Aldebaran, once so selfish, once so consuming, could become a mother.  She could nurse her children in her flames, gaseous and fervent, and  expel them to the universe with the gift that they will one day return  to her. Castiel, when he was a fledgling, heard Gabriel’s stories. The  stories of their Father who folded stars to see how small he could get  them, but they always came apart, they always resisted. All of them –  they eventually do. Lucifer was a star – packed so tightly, only to  spring open, violent, wild.
There’s a snap as Dean pushes his hands down into those briefs, the fabric tight on his knuckles, still kneading at Cas’s ass. It’s a good ass. A
So the boy became the river.
The bedroom door is open, and he can hear Castiel rustling around inside and the TV is on some news station, but Dean isn’t paying attention. He’s turning to see Castiel in one of the white button downs he puts under his sweaters, open and hanging off of him , and, god help him, just those little jockey briefs he wears. Dean watches as Castiel definitely notices he’s in the room and stops slouching through the drawer he’s bent over and straightens, raising up on the balls of his feet, back arching backwards in a cat-like stretch. He eyes Dean sideways, the picture of innocence.
“Smarty-pants.” He teases, kissing him again.
When Dean comes home from work he spies a certain little girl at the window, watching him pull up the drive.
Sam suddenly feels uncomfortable on the couch but feels like if he moves an inch the baby beside him will somehow suddenly die. Daniel kicks his legs, watching Sam’s every slight squirm. He huffs breaths in and out of his nose and shoves part of his hand gracelessly into his mouth, just watching. Sam, fascinated, watches his nephew and finds himself almost wanting to say something.
, back on the ground, where people can step over him.
“My poor little birds.” Cas says quietly, sounding equally as miserable as the kids his voice stuffed with worry. Cas lifts Faith up off the counter and starts rubbing her back; she goes limp and still except for the little hiccups and struggling breaths she emits every few seconds. She coughs, and Cas doesn’t even seem to notice, except to wince in pain at the sound. Danny gravitates back to Dean, turning around to lean his back against Dean’s legs, watching Cas rock Faith. He scratches at his stomach under his jammies and Dean strokes the sides of his face and his hot forehead.
“I am ready to try again.” Castiel mumbles, and Dean opens his eyes, staring blankly out the windshield. He sighs, and turns to the former angel, can’t help but give for that determined expression, driven to succeed and uncaring of the time it takes to accomplish it. Damn him, he’ll teach him how to drive if it kills them both.
Dean doesn’t catch breaks though, and he needs to start remembering that.
bring to me the son who the earth has long withheld
Dean thinks, and he can’t help the smile creeping over his face. Why the hell they butted Cas’s conference up with Thanksgiving Dean could only guess at, but it made the traffic hellish and the wait for Cas to come home even worse.
“Good job!” He tells her as she rinses with the big cup, squealing when Dean uses it to get the shampoo out of her hair, plastering it to her forehead and her face. Keeping an eye on the time, he pulls the plug in the tub and lifts her out and towels her off, relishing the muffled laughs she produces when he covers her face with the big fluffy towel and asks casually where his baby girl went.
“No.” Cas shakes his head, leaning back against his seat. “No, it’s just, I’m going to be gone and I won’t be there to take care of them anymore. Or you.” He doesn’t take a breath, but he pauses, “I don’t care if I die. I’ve died so many times. It doesn’t scare me, but the idea - the thought of me not being there for you or Sam or Daniel or Faith…I can’t.” He presses his fist into his forehead and tries to stop crying because it isn’t helping.
, and
there is darkness within me, and i dream you have come to my well, but when i pull up the bucket it is empty.
Cas is silent, but he stays.
“I didn’t dress up this year.” He admits, “Got too busy.”
“Nothing, monkey.” He says, teasing. She cranes her neck back with a giggle, her nose wrinkled.
Daniel stares at his father and then thought on this before returning his attention to his baby sister.
“Didn’t Sam give you a manual?” Dean asked, letting his arms drop back to his sides before shoving his hands into his pockets. Cas shook his head, turning his head towards Dean, eye still glued to the camera.
“We’ll go again tomorrow.” He reassures Dean and Dean laughs.
But, he’s in the Impala, isn’t he? Somehow.
“Where’s bwotha?” She whines and Dean puts a hand on her middle to quit her wiggling so much.
“There’s nothing here for you Cas. I lost you.”  Dean says again, more firmly, and Dean closes his eyes, because, he has  to remember, it’s all in his head.
and offer my arm when you struggle, and give you my
“See you at home.” Dean repeats, his heart swelling as he looks back down at Faith. He chuckles quietly and bends down to kiss her, smoothing the hair out of her face again. “Monkey…” He says sweetly, her rosy cheek on her shoulder, fast asleep.
So he’d gone on, Sam raising his eyebrows, as if daring him and Dean had smirked back. Challenge accepted.
“Dad wants me to go job hunting today. Want to tag along?”
“That was…” Cas was speechless.
“You’re right. Never mind all that.” Cas wiped the tears from his eyes. “I’m just happy you’re here and that we get to spend another day together.”
“You’ve been coming here a lot,” Cas says, his tone non-judgemental, simply pointing out an observation. He swipes his badge on the key reader for the greenhouse door. It opens with a whoosh.
“Bad day at work. I fucked up at our meeting and my boss chewed me out.”
~~~~~*****~~~~~
“Ah yes, the day I brought you the movie poster. I don’t know about you, but I was nervous as hell that night. I tried to keep my cool, but all I could think about was how I was less than a foot away from the boy I liked, on his bed, in his bedroom, with the door closed. Then I got to hold you all night. It didn’t work out so well for me in the morning, but what can you do?”
“If this is how you treat a guy after the first date, I think I’ll stick around.”
His fingers tightened around the neck of the desperate angel, staring indifferently as the life began to drain from his eyes.
He thought it would be sweet to make a mixtape-style playlist to count down the days until his boyfriend would be back. He compiled 21 different songs into a playlist titled “Get Well Soon” to play to Cas each day he visited. Some of them were personal favorites, some of them were guilty pleasures, some of them were songs he knew Cas loved, even though he hated them.
Inside the room, Dean lay curled up on his bed. The room cast in darkness and dust. He couldn’t bring his muscles to lift his body. The inside of his head turned into an echo chamber of negative thoughts.
“You’re supposed to be the man of the house, Dean!” John yelled, swinging his belt through the air. “No son of mine is going to like boys, do you fucking hear me?” He brought his belt down again and again.
“It’s an acquired taste,” Dean laughed, taking a sip of his own drink.
“Shit man, you’re on fire!” Garth yelled.
Dean took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and leaned in. He barely moved forward when there was a knock on the door.
“Cas, buddy, I get you want to help, but I don’t need you to watch me slee-.” Dean began, stopping once he felt the pain again. He groaned, grabbing his stomach.
Dean nodded. This was exactly what he wanted to avoid. To be fair, he didn’t ever think it would get as bad as it did, but then again, when you flirt with death…
“This is the picture…”
“You think?” Cas did the puppy dog head tilt, and Dean wasn’t sure if he could handle it. “I would never wear something like this. It’s totally out of my element.”
“Yeah,” Cas said, exasperated and blissed out, “that confirms it.”
They were nestled under a large comforter, Dean in plaid pajamas, Cas in a borrowed pair of sweatpants. Dean was propped up against the arm rest, Cas’s back pressed against his chest. He ran his fingers through Cas’s hair, basking in the warmth and comfort of the other man’s presence. He leaned down and placed a gentle kiss to Cas’s forehead.
Possible Trigger Warning: Someone's clothing catches on fire.
“I thought you were working?” Dean said, looking anywhere but directly at Cas.
As Cas hopped in his car, Dean shouted for him to text him when he got home. Cas shot him a thumbs up, then drove off.
Castiel charged at him with his last bit of strength, but Michael sent him flying across the room. Cas’s head smashed against the concrete wall. A trickle of blood ran down his forehead and he felt dizzy. He tried to stand up, but he was too weak. He was always too weak.
“I see,” he began, Cas gasping for air before him, “you honestly think Dean would cast me out? For you?”
“Thank you, Sam. I’m glad you and your family are here to enjoy it with us.”
The jukebox in the corner rattled off classic rock as smoke settled around the two men. They ate their wings out of little boat shaped baskets and shared tidbits about themselves.
“It’s no big deal. Really. Honestly, it was hilarious. So don’t let it ruin your night, because I’m not gonna let it ruin mine.” Cas rests his head on Dean’s shoulder and places a quick kiss to the back of Dean’s hand. It calms Dean down enough that he lets himself cuddle under the blanket with Cas and watch the rest of the movie.
Getting a job was the last thing Dean wanted to do, but he should have seen this coming. Last summer it was much of the same. Dean did life guarding at the local pool to save some money to pay for college applications and the like. He probably could’ve asked John for help, but doing it independently avoided an argument.
“You’re welcome! Drive safe!” She waved goodbye as she shut the door.
Dean figures there’s no point sitting here feeling awful when he could just be honest.
“You know,” Cas began, “the bottle says that Dawn not only saves wildlife, but it makes your hands softer in just three uses.”
going to be okay without your brother? I don’t mean to overstep here, but it doesn’t sound like this is something you’re doing because you want to do it.”
Dean held his giant monkey and his pretzel in one hand, so he could hold Cas’s with the other. He led them over to the Ferris wheel, which was lit up with colorful, strobing lights. The line wasn’t too bad, and before they knew it, they were being seated.
Attached to the text was a picture of Cas in a cat ear Snapchat filter, blowing a kiss. He looked super cute for no reason.
“It’s ok. We’re gonna fix this. Whatever this is, we’re going to work through it,” he said, kissing the top of Dean’s head. Cas held him in the silence, nothing but their breathing and the warmth of each other occupying the space. Neither of them knew the right words to say, but they had each other.
Dean knew he had been a dick to Cas so many times, and that he was an alcohol-fueled trainwreck, but here Cas was, handsome and kind, willing to accept him for everything that he was.
Dean could see that his response has upset Cas. He didn’t mean to, he just wasn’t big on sharing his feelings. But he couldn’t bare to see the look on Cas’s face any longer.
“That’s not true,” Cas shot back.
The bed sunk a little, then Cas was straddling his legs.
Dean tried to convince himself not to feel bad, but nonetheless, the guilt began to grow.
“My dear, naive, Castiel. Dean does not give a crap about you. And I get it, you would die for him as easily as you live and breathe, and you want to think he would do the same for you, but the truth is... you are nothing but a weak and worthless little burden to the Winchesters. Trust me... I know all of Dean’s thoughts. I can see all of his memories. I know all of his feelings.”
“Look, I’m sorry that I ignored you. I’m sorry if I made you feel like I didn’t want to talk to you, or if I made you worry. I didn’t mean to. You’re my best friend, and I’ll do my best to make sure that it doesn’t happen again.”
“Okay,” Dean shifted awkwardly from one foot to the other, “so I’m getting the silent treatment. That’s cool.”
“What happened to her?” Dean asks, understanding the heartbreak of losing a mother so young.
Charlie considered it. It was plausible enough. “I can work with that.”
“My medicine is usually a shot of whiskey, but I don’t see that working out too well in this situation,” Dean joked.
“No. Well. Here’s the thing…” Dean pauses, letting out a sigh, “Last year, I applied to move to the Moon Colony, and the day you had asked me to come over was the same day I was told that I had been accepted.”
“Cas, you were just on fire. I’m gonna get you cleaned up and make sure you’re okay.”
It wasn’t like Dean to leave Cas with nothing but radio silence for an entire day. It made him worry. What if something happened? What if Dean was hurt? Eventually, the logical part of Cas realized that Dean probably had to work a later shift, or his phone died, or he had to do something for Sam. There were plenty of reasons why someone wouldn’t answer their phone. So instead of worrying and overthinking, Cas decided to watch some TV to distract himself from the situation.
Dean nods, getting an idea. “Can I take a guess?”
“I told you there was nothing to be scared of. I’m so proud of you.” Dean pulled Cas into a hug, his arms tight around him. Since he was slightly shorter, Cas’s head was buried in Dean’s shoulder, allowing him to take in the faint smell of Old Spice that lingered on Dean’s clothing. Dean’s laugh rumbled through Cas’s body, as he continued to congratulate him. It may have been the best hug he had ever received.
Dean headed to the kitchen and poured himself a drink. It was just a shot of whiskey, which normally wouldn’t draw eyes, but Dean hadn’t been drinking as of late.
“I braved this terrible weather ‘cause I couldn’t stand the thought of not seeing you.” Dean placed his umbrella and coat in the corner. “Hope you’re ready to embrace that Hot Topic emo rage of the early 2000s! You can’t stay in a coma if you have to come out of your cage, and be doing just fine.”
“Okay.”
But tonight, neither of them are worried about that. They want to put reality on the backburner, and pretend that two friends could hang out like normal. Like people used to.
“What’s your poison?”
Cas leaned over, a swirl of blue and brown, floating out of focus. He gently placed his hand on Dean’s cheek, his mouth hovering over Dean’s. Cas was hesitant, wanting to make sure this was ok.
The rational part of his brain was screaming at him that he didn’t have to do this, but he didn’t listen. He braced himself and shoved the toothbrush down his throat, careful to keep his breathing regulated and his head far enough away from the water.
“What about me?” Dean took a swig of his Jack and coke. He coughed, realizing he poured it way too strong.
“And how do you propose we do that?”
Whenever the negative thoughts started to make their way into Dean’s head, he called up Cas or texted Sam or took a walk. Something to distract himself until the thoughts went away.
As Dean’s mind continued to race, Charlie leaned forward and spun the bottle. Around and around it went, all the while hoping it would land on one person in particular. It slowed and finally it stopped.
“Glad I could be of assistance.”
“I don’t want to be here if I can’t be with you,” Dean whispered along with the song. He just laid there next to Cas for hours, the song playing on repeat, until the nurses told him he had to leave.
“Well, I’m glad I could show you a good time,” Cas joked.
Cas took a sip, the bitter, hot flavor of whiskey tainting his syrupy sweet soda. He forced a swallow, gagging slightly before sticking his tongue out in disgust. “You like that?”
Dean nearly dropped the soda bottle, his hands fumbling to keep it on the table. “What are you talking about?”
“Guess what, my love? We have officially entered week 3! And I know I might be putting all my eggs in one basket here, but I’m really optimistic about you making a recovery. So today is all about shedding the negativity, and focusing on the positives.”
“How could you possibly…” He mumbled into the pillow, leaving the rest of the thought in his head.
“Dad turned to the bottle. Became a drunk. And not a nice one. A lot of the time I had to take Sam and ride our bikes to our Uncle Bobby’s house just to keep us safe.”
So Cas opened the message, left it on read, put his phone on silent, and went to sleep.
“I know it’s probably a waste, since they say you’re going to wake up in a couple days, but I thought this might make the room feel less sterile, and I know you were really looking forward to that exhibit at the zoo.”
“And it’ll be perfect timing, since we’re set to move into the dorms next week. Can you believe college is already here? I still feel like a scared freshman who doesn’t know how to get to his classes. I guess we’re going to be entering that phase again. But I’m so excited to experience all this new stuff with you.”
soft. And gentle. And holding his.
“Yeah, from your own cup,” Dorothy added. “House rules, dude. We fill the ones on the table with water from the creek out back and just drink our own drinks.”
The way Cas says it is very nonchalant, and if Dean were in his shoes, he’d brag every chance he got. But he knows Cas really is in it to help the world, and that’s one of the things he likes the most about him.
“Why don’t we stand on either side of the poster and you can set the timer on your phone, and that can be the picture?”
Dean jumped, causing the club to slip from his hands and be sent flying into the water.
Cas runs his hand along Dean’s arm in an attempt to bring him some comfort. Dean’s throat is tight, and his words come out as if he’s on the verge of crying.
“He doesn’t care about you. At least not the way you care about him.”
“It’s no problem. They don’t eat till like seven.”
Cas nodded, sparking the lighter and setting the already scorched leaves ablaze. He brought the bowl to his mouth and inhaled, the smoke burning his lungs. He tried to hold it, as Dean instructed, but he started coughing instead.
“What are you? Like, some kind of world-renowned botanist or something?” Dean asks, sarcastically.
“No, I want to,” Cas said, taking the bowl and lighter from Garth. Dean must’ve sensed Cas’s apprehension, because he quickly grabbed Cas’s hands and showed him the proper way to smoke it.
“Well, Cas … I like you. A lot. And if it’s alright with you, I’d really like to kiss you again.”
Shifting his gaze between Dean’s eyes and his lips, Cas was entirely consumed by his beauty. Dean leaned in, their foreheads touching, seemingly blocking out the rest of the world. It was only the two of them. Cas could feel the warmth of Dean’s breath against his lips, the faint aroma of hops trailing behind, and his heart fluttered. They were so close and yet so far, but Dean didn’t move. Didn’t want to break the stillness of the moment. He just held Cas close, humming under his breath to the music.
As they break apart, they both smile. They stay close, afraid to let the air out of the moment. It’s a fragile thing.
Dean handed Cas a towel and a washcloth and sent him on his way. The bathroom was just outside Dean’s room so he could hear the water turn on and Cas humming something quietly to himself. It sounded familiar, but he couldn’t quite place it. Then Cas started singing the actual words, and Dean realized he was singing “Can’t Help Falling In Love.”
In the flash of time they occupy in the grand scheme of life, they plan on focusing on the joy that’s right in front of them, and the wonder yet to come. They were sent spinning, free-falling with a crash landing, into this life, but together, they’ve managed to be a grounding force in a teetering world.
“What can I say? I’m very keen on time management.”
“When you wake up, you’re gonna love this.”
It made Cas feel guilty, because he didn’t really know what he wanted to do with his life, but he had been given all the financial opportunity that someone like Dean could only dream about. Dean always loved fixing things. Cars were the easiest to get his hands on, but he would tear apart all kinds of things and figure out how to put them back together. He’d take scraps and make new things out of them. He even took first place in one of the science fairs for his designs for a wind-powered car. It wouldn’t have worked on the grand scale, but it was still an interesting concept. The point was, Dean was brilliant, and Cas felt lucky to be his friend.
The clock over the stove read 10:25 by the time he was done.
“Yes, Dean. Try not to worry yourself too much. It’s just dinner.”
“Yeah, that’s fair.”
He looked at the beautiful man in his arms, and he knew Cas would be hurt if he said no. He knew Cas would get concerned. So he scooped up a handful and ate it. Cas smiled, and Dean thought the rest of the night would be okay.
“I’m just resting my eyes. You keep watching,” he said. Then he was snoring. It would’ve been annoying, had Cas not found it so endearing.
And that it was, because Dean spent nearly $40 on pick a duck, the ring toss, water gun races, and the game where you throw darts at the balloons. He was determined every time, but in the end, all he won was a bouncy ball, which he ended up losing after he bounced it too high and it landed on the top of a smoothie hut.
“Where? Where’s the snake!” He spun around trying to locate it, but it was to no avail. “Is it on me? I feel like it’s on me!”
She smiled, and Cas smiled back. He never understood how she could stay so positive amidst all of the hardships she was facing. He guessed that was just how she was. She wasn’t the kind of woman to let the world change her, no, she was the kind of woman who was dead set on changing the world.
Cas nods, walking over to where Dean is. He goes through each picture, highlighting who was who. Dean thinks he would’ve liked to meet Gabe, and thinks he probably would’ve punched Michael. He notices, though, that there are no pictures of Cas’s parents on the wall.
Cas was always so considerate. Dean didn’t deserve him, he really didn’t. He didn’t deserve his comfort, or his love.
Dean: “
“She died?”
He stepped one foot off of the chair, body weight sinking his flesh further into the rope. His breathing labored and harsh. He thought about his life. He thought about whether or not he deserved to live. He thought about all he went through with Sam. He thought about his mom. His dad. He thought about Cas.
Right after Dean said that, he leaned over and puked into the garbage bin Cas placed next to the bed. Cas had a smug look on his face and Dean kind of wanted to punch him.
“It’s nature, you go to appreciate the beauty.”
Castiel knew one or the other loophole from his studies and would have to resume the trail from there. Once inside, he immediately got a burning feeling. His wings just  weren't made for the heat down here. The armor did not provide sufficient protection as he had hoped. He had to hurry up now.
Dean asked for the second time, "Who are you?" Castiel  did not look up from the book. "Castiel"  Dean became angry.  "Yes,  I  thought,  I mean, what are you?" Castiel  looked up from the book and  Dean directly into the eyes. "I am an angel of the Lord!"
Dean, for his part, noticed that two sky-blue eyes were staring at him. He felt the redness rise in his face. He had noticed these eyes before. He could remember that sometimes there was a guy sitting at the bar, whom he found somehow sweet and hot and who had bright blue eyes.
Castiel seemed to think but then nodded. "Pleasure. Don't care? I mean, you'll definitely be flying back very early tomorrow.'
"I'll go home. Write to me if you have a bit of air." Dean turned to go. Castiel held him by the shoulder. He looked Dean in the eye. "Thank you for the beautiful day." He gave Dean a tender kiss. Dean automatically put his hand on Castiel's cheek and answered the kiss. "It was very nice, thank you." Dean got into the car and drove off.
When Castiel  tried to talk to him, the windows shattered; the mirrors on the ceiling of the room shattered. Dean  was littered with thousands of small shards. Blood was already running out of his ears.  Castiel  saw no way that the hunter would understand him. He also stopped that attempt.
He attended Greenfield School, Northfield  School, and the University of  Chicago, where he studied social theory.
Castiel observed the guesswork around the return of the hunter. If he wanted to bring light into the dark, he had to look for a vessel, otherwise he could not communicate with people. And at least he had to talk to Dean  urgently!
D:	„Of course. She picked victims the hunters couldn’t save. So that they would barrel right after us.“
"Hey, on the phone you can say Dean to me," Dean quipped. He could literally hear Cas's brain trying to process what he heard. And then... Roaring laughter at the other end.
„The rise of the witnesses.“ he heard a voice behind him.
C: Good morning. I just wanted to ask if you got home safely yesterday
The three hunters had to return to Bobbie's house to gather the ingredients for the spell and then smash them in the fireplace. Castiel watched the three fight the angry spirits. He didn't have to intervene. The situation was clear and easy to handle. In his thoughts.
U:	"Exactly that. Excuse me, Michael calls."
Castiel pushed you off the countertop and turned straight to Dean.
But 2008 years ago, he broke this law himself and withdrew completely from the life of his creation. He left the people to themselves. And what did they make of it? They turned against their God and Creator, turned to evil. Castiel interrupted this line of thought. He didn't want to sound as bitter as his brother Michael.
Like every Friday night, the friends sat in the "Roadhouse". It was a beloved tradition from his studies that Dean did not want to do without. Over the years, most of the study colleagues had failed to do so, and other buddies and friends from elsewhere had joined them.
He had a lot to digest. Dean had worked with Amara and Megan, which Cas didn't know. Dean, like himself, had some affairs, some hopefully only on the wiki. The wiki wasn't that accurate. But Dean has apparently never been married once.
"Now I know!" he said suddenly. Castiel made big eyes. "What?"
D:	„I don’t know guys.“
"What did you call her? Joanna?" asked Dean.
C:	„The Lord works…“
11.	Devour (2005)
>> Behind closed doors <<
"The writers' meeting is on Wednesday, Dean. You could take Adam with you." Sam interjected into the discussion. "There will be a reading with the author, a champagne reception, a presentation of the actors, photo appointments. Charlie, Megan Masters will be there too! I have reserved enough tickets for all of us again."
Father had once commanded them to kneel before his creation and worship them. Had commanded them to serve men.
Castiel Shurley took over the prestigious Bookstore Seraphim from his parents in 2010 and changed the surname from Shurley to Seraph.
E:	"Remember our history. Remember the prophecy. Remember the history of Michael and Lucifer!"
Castiel smiled. "Are you flirting with me?"
"Milk and sugar?" asked Dean. "Only milk please," Castiel replied. Dean then brought the sugar back into the kitchen. He returned with three bags of chips. "Which one?" He held her in front of Castiel. Cas opted for the peanut flips. Dean threw the other two bags on the table. He immediately opened the flips and gave them to Castiel.
Bobby did not respond, saying instead:
C:	"Do we know beforehand where Lilith will strike next?"
U:	"We don't know."
Bobby turned a big lexicon so that Sam and Dean could look at the picture and the text. Dean instinctively grabbed the spot with the scarred handprint on his shoulder.
D:	"What's up?"
Charlie lifted her glass. "On our two new members. Crowley, Castiel, welcome to the club!" Castiel got very hot. He felt that his face was shining with a blush. He didn't like being the center of attention and now he was sitting here with complete strangers and drinking. It was unusual for him and it was embarrassing for him.
Cas looked Dean deeply in the eyes. Dean was a little unsettled. He licked his dry lips.
C:	„You think of the seals as locks on a door.“
Dean slowly got out and watched the three of them across the roof of the car. Castiel broke away from the two and turned to Dean. "Dean, these are my children, Claire and Jack. Guys, that's my friend Dean."
D:	"Cas, I was on Wiki and I read a bit about you."
Dean pulled his forehead, but then had to laugh heartily.
Castiel Shurley married Amelia Novak in 1996. Their daughter Claire was born in 1997. Amelia died in a car accident just a year later.
The soul had also left a formative impression on Castiel.  The name 'Dean Winchester' was  now burned into his feathers. From  then on, he was responsible for this man. The heavenly warrior  Castiel  had a human warrior by his side. They would fight together against Lilith as God's soldiers.
"Dean, that's so much more than I expected. I wasn't even sure if you wanted to see me again. Now I know that this will not be our last evening together today. I don't ask for more. Of course, I give you as much time as you want, as you need, which I also need. I can only tell you that I really enjoyed the three days last weekend and really missed you in the last three days. This is also new to me. In your presence, I feel like a teenager again. I have butterflies in my stomach, I want to talk to you, spend time, write, make phone calls. I want to touch you, everywhere. I dream of you, of tender touches, of sex. When you're near me, my head turns off completely. I just want to be close to you, breathe in your scent, feel your warmth..."
C:	"Sure. I just don't know which one!"
B:	„Nothing“
2.	1996: Mr. Rhodes
D:	„Do I wanna know what kind of things?“
Dean was reassured and put his phone back in his jacket. The friends were still sitting in the Roadhouse until well after midnight. Dean later fell into his bed drunk and happy. He dreamed of a pair of sky-blue eyes.
After some happyless affairs, including with actress Megan Masters, he finally outed as bisexual in 2015.
C:	„Our numbers are not unlimited. Six of my brothers died in the field this week. You think the armies of heaven should just follow you around?“
Castiel stood up. He ran around in his room.
When they both reached the long aisle, they weighed the heavy iron doors and locked the door from the outside. That should give them a head start. Castiel  pulled  Dean behind him and urged a hurry. The moment he  reached the small gap through which he had come in and left hell  with  Dean in tow, he was holding his soul in his hands.
Castiel didn't like the incident with the Demons. He had to set an example. Every demon should know who is approaching Dean Winchester  is of death.
"I'm sorry. I didn't want to scare you. But the funny guy there had forgotten his decency at home today. Come on, I'll invite you for a drink!" said the green eyes to Castiel. Castiel swallowed. He was actually looking forward to a cup of hot chocolate in front of his TV. But somehow he couldn't say 'no' to these haunting green eyes. He nodded and followed the green eyes inside.
Then he turned and walked ahead towards the bathroom. "Wow." He heard behind him. “Your tattoos are actually surpassed by your butt.” Cas gasped.
"Well, I'll get you off at 10 a.m. and we're going to get out by car, into nature, ok?" stuttered Dean.
Dean's cheeks turned red. "Um."
Wednesday after lunch, the 'Purgatory' team headed to Kansas for a book reading with author Chuck Shurley. The flight was delayed, so a stopover at the hotel or for Dean at home was no option. The limousines drove directly from the airport to the bookstore. The closer they got to the store, the more excited Dean became. They arrived a quarter of an hour before the event began.
C:	"You can have as much time as you want. May I see you again anyway?"
C:	„It‘s why we arrived.“
D:	"Hey Cas."
C:	„I was. Uh, made aware.“
He looked at Dean and wondered once again how he had landed at that table. Dean refilled Castiel's glass. "Say, are you trying to drink me under the table?" he asked with a laugh. Dean grinned mischievously at him. "And if it were?" Castiel took a deep breath, put his head slightly obliquely, and grinned appreciatively.
D: Thank you for the nice afternoon. Who took this photo? (you can see a not so nice photo of Dean, Castiel, and Gabriel)
But after freeing the soul of the demon hunter from hell, it was now his job to stay by the hunter's side to prevent further seals from being broken. At the side of a man whose soul he had touched and... whose soul had touched him. For the first time in his long life, he felt something like a deep bond. A kind of loyalty that he otherwise only showed to his father and his brothers.
Castiel slowly thawed a little. He looked into the round and, for the first time, really noticed that he was sitting at the regular table. He usually sat at Miss Joanna's bar and looked over to the regular table every now and then. He had noticed this group two or three times. However, he did not elaborate on the individuals. Only the man next to him, with the green eyes and the freckles, had been remembered when Dean stood at the bar a few weeks ago to pay and smiled politely at Castiel.
Dean had gone to  Bobby.   Castiel  watched as  Bobby tried to stab Dean. He was a good fighter, he noted casually. Bobby  was not a danger to the hunter. Surprisingly, Dean  had  a silver knife in his hand and cut himself in the arm. Castiel  registered two things at the same time: he found  Dean's  muscular arm extremely attractive and he felt a previously unknown  protective instinct.
Castiel smiled and tilted his head to the side. "Harassed? It was a nice evening, you don't have to apologize for anything."
Now Dean had an approximate idea of Castiel. And he once again found that the Internet really doesn't forget anything. He had not known anything about the affairs with Megan and Crowley, nor had anyone told him about them. He didn't feel like Crowley and Castiel already knew each other at the regular table on Friday. But he hadn't paid attention either.
They visited  Sam  in his hotel room. It was not difficult for Castiel  to follow them.
His films included. Loot, where he worked as an associate producer.
C:	"And what? The raise of the witnesses. another seal!?"
Castiel, still invisible to the others, sat on the chair opposite Dean and watched him.
D:	"No. Not because of it. It's just new, you understand my first time?"
4.	Days of our Lives (1998)
8.	2002:  Dawson's Creek
Cas carefully touched his hands and pulled them away from his face. "Dean - to talk about it sometimes helps. Maybe the dream will not come back. And you see me sitting alive and healthy beside you!" He still held Dean's hands and stroked his thumbs over to calm Dean.
C:	"Until Wednesday, Dean. Sleep well. Bye."
After that, he no longer felt the need to go among the people. He preferred to watch them from afar.
The brothers left the cafe untroubled, as the demons were also afraid of the one who brought Dean back to life.
Other movies (short films):
Chuck began to read from his book. Dean already knew the story, but it was a completely different experience when the author read it out himself.
"Hi Dean," Cas said. The sonorous bass caused Dean goosebumps.
D:	„So you trust her?“
2013 Just Relax (author, production and direction)
In 1999, Shurley married his second wife, Kelly Kline, who gave birth to a son, Jack in 2000. This happiness should not last long either. Kelly succumbed to a serious cancer in 2005.
The first thing he could remember from the previous evening was a pair of sky-blue eyes. He groped his hand on his bedside table until he found his phone. He wanted to make sure it wasn't just a dream. In fact, there was his number and a chat with Castiel. Dean took a deep breath. Not a dream. He opened the gallery of his mobile phone. Here, too, there were photos of him. He hadn't dreamed.
"Seven Kinky Queens" roared Charlie from the other end of the table. "And a coffee for me!" Dean continued. Jo nodded and looked around. "What else?" Everyone was shaking their heads.
Dean carefully pulled his hands away and looked Cas in the face. Cas smiled and Dean felt comfortable. He took Cas's face into his hands and drew him closer to him. He waited to see if Cas said 'no' or pulled his head back. Cas looked him in the eyes and Dean felt he could look to the bottom of his soul. He tentatively pressed his mouth on Cas's lips. He tenderly stroked his lips over the other's. Cas relaxed and replied the kiss. He opened his lips and Dean penetrated his mouth with his tongue. Cas's hand first lay on Dean's hip and then wandered to Dean's back, up there, over his neck and lingering at the back of his head.
Castiel breathed deeply. He could read every thought and doubt in Dean's face, each of his thoughts literally shouting "Answer me!" But Castiel waited. It wasn't time to talk to Dean. Besides, he was not alone.
Dean persuaded  Bobby to call the thing that had freed the hunter from hell and burned out Pamela's  eyes; and if it had to be, to kill. Bobby  wasn't thrilled at all. Castiel  had to act quickly. He desperately needed a shell.
They didn't run long until they came to a resting place for hikers. There they sat down on a bench and unpacked the food. Dean took a big bite from his sandwich and moaned with delight. Even before he had swallowed it completely, he said to Cas, "That's the best sandwich ever!" Cas was embarrassed. "Thank you." After Dean almost looped down the sandwich, he drank Cas's coffee.
>> after <<
D: Thank you for the nice afternoon.
"A feather for your thoughts, brother!" A dark figure stood out behind Castiel.  "Michael! What gives me the honor?" Castiel  greeted his old comrade with a narrow nod of the head. He did not bother to stand up, even though an archangel and army commander stood before him.
Castiel breathed out loudly and lowered his head.
He held Cas's passenger door open. Cas thanked and stepped in. Dean ran around the car and took a seat in the driver's seat.
"Yes, of course. But it only works the cassette at the moment," Dean said.
Bobby poured holy water on Dean's face, apparently as the last test.  Dean  twisted his eyes and spat out the water that had hit his mouth. Castiel  had to laugh heartily at this sight. 'Laughter?' "Holy Father! Why am I so distracted?"
D:	„Helpful? Sending me to hell?“
Dean scoffs. Castiel leaned in and whispered against his cheek.
C:	„There’s a God.“
C:	"Yes. But I thought, well. Maybe we can chat a little bit, you
After the third piece of cherry cake, Castiel was finally able to convince Dean to leave. The two said goodbye to Gabriel warmly and promised to come back soon. Dean gave Gabriel his business card. "If you both feel like it, so you and your pretty brother here, ..." Dean put an arm around Castiel's shoulder. "... can come to the screening of my new film on Wednesday. It's a book reading, a champagne reception, photographers are there too. I'll give Cas the cards." He patted him on the shoulder and pulled his arm back to shake Gabriel's hand.
Bobby shouted from next door, "It’s all right, Dean?"
Dean shuddered out of a nightmare. He was sweating and wheezing. No, couldn't it be? He searched for his mobile phone and found it on the floor next to the bed. He scrolled through his messages and found Cas. 10:22 p.m. the last message. Should he call and make sure? Oh, they met today anyway. He just had to wait a little bit.
C:	"Yes, two of my ex-friends will be there on Wednesday. Is that a problem for you?"
D:	„So, that‘s the point. We don’t know for sure. So, I’m not gonna believe that this thing is a freakin‘ ANGEL OF THE LORD because it said so.“
The work week starts again. So I don't know how we can do it or
"Hey green-eye," he replied, shy. Dean held the coffee to him. Castiel took the cup from him. "Thank you."
Castiel felt the strange need to take Dean in his arms, to tell him,' "Everything will be good!" This feeling was not unpleasant to him, he just thought it was inappropriate and shook his head. As if it could shake off the feeling.
When they arrived at the table, Castiel greeted everyone politely and took a seat. To his friends, Dean said: "I just threw a drunkard at the pretty guy's feet and scared him. I owe him an apology." Addressed to Castiel: "What do you drink, buddy?". Jo had followed them to the table.
D: Thanks yes.
Castiel nodded.
To be continued…
When they arrived at the hotel,  Sam  had just a ladies' visit. He  also reacted in disbelief to his brother's return and attacked him with a knife. Castiel  was alarmed, but  Bobby  walked in time. Dean obviously didn't want to hurt Sam,  so he didn't resist too much.
What Dean wasn’t prepared for was the homemade decorations that covered the kitchen and the smell of vanilla in the air. Bobby blew up a couple old New Year’s balloons and taped them over the door. Sam tied together a bunch of washcloths to make streamers, and made a “Happy Birthday Dean!” banner with pieces of old mail. It wasn’t fancy, by any means, but to Dean, it was perfect.
“I couldn’t sleep.”
“You’re not going to be sleeping in till noon and hanging around here in your boxers all summer watching TV. Get up, and start looking for a job.”
“I can tell by the look on your face that you are reconsidering.” Cas said as he walked over to the other side of the bed and disposed of the waste.
But tonight, he had a dream, like so many other nights, where a certain angelic figure sneaks into his bed. Tonight, he woke up, like so many other nights, because he could still hear John’s voice. He could still feel the pain.
He trailed off, looking down, his cheeks flushing a light pink.
Dean pulled back the curtain and shouted, “I just need a minute. We can talk when I get out, okay?
“What?” He searched Cas’s face for some kind of sign.
“As a heart attack. Pinky promises are sacred, so, either you’re sincere in your apology or you’re not.” Cas pushed his hand toward Dean for emphasis.
“We’re getting a house?” Cas leaned back, a look of bewilderment on his face.
This was who Cas was meant to be. The angel who rebelled against heaven, who believed in free will, who fought and died for the greater good, for humanity, for love, and despite the many attempts at changing him, those had always been Castiel’s true colors.
He cleaned his face, brushed his teeth and headed into his room. He opened the top drawer on the left and pulled out a small bundle of dress socks. Hidden inside was a small sheet of laxatives. Dean didn’t know if it would help or not, but he figured he’d have less food inside of him if he was forced to shit all of it out.
“Really?” Dean asked, chancing a glance at his friend.
“Have you talked to Cas yet?”
“Yes, we are.”
“My trench coat is neatly folded in my room.”
“Dean, that was awesome!” Cas’s smile was beaming with joy as he ran down the exit ramp.
Cas snuck down to the “Man Cave,” wrapped up in the blanket he borrowed. It smelled faintly of Dean, and it brought Cas a sense of comfort. It wasn’t as good as a hug, but it was close enough that if he closed his eyes, it felt real. He sat in one of the recliners and queued up one of the many Westerns that Dean insisted they watch. It was nice to have something fill the silence.
Tonight, those thoughts came flooding to the surface. Right in front of him was all his wildest dreams, waiting for him to make a move.
Dean flipped to the next page, it was the picture of him and Cas after the bonfire.
Michael paused, realization dawning on him. He removed his hand from Cas’s throat and chuckled.
“Come on Cas, you know we haven’t been able to see stars in years.” Dean stands up and looks out the window. Sure enough, there was nothing out there but the remnants of dead trees and a black sky. These days, the moon is hardly ever visible with all the smog.
He showed him all the best pizza places, where the movie theater was and the old drive in, the stadium downtown, and the best fishing hole. Dean had a soft spot for the kid, as he knew what it was like to be the new kid in town.
“That was a good one, Cas.” Dean looked at Cas like the two of them were on their own wavelength, the cool kids who were in on a secret that nobody else knew about. Then again, Dean was always like that.
“You feeling up to getting your ass kicked in a game of beer pong?”
He most certainly was not. He was caught off guard is all. But as he looked around, everyone seemed ok with it. Guess there was no turning back.
Cas tightened his arms around Dean as if he’d disappear if he let him go.
“Dean, is something wrong? You seem tense.”
“No one cares if I’m here or not.” The tone of Dean’s voice changes. It’s raw and vulnerable, like he just let out a secret he’s been holding for years. Like those words mean more than he’s letting on. The shell he’s built up around himself cracks just enough that someone might be able to slip in.
His dad was gone most of the time, out hunting, Sammy was still a kid, Dean was in and out of schools, his mother was dead, he didn’t exactly have anyone to talk to about all this.
They headed into town, first stop on the list was the movie theater. Upside: it was air conditioned and you got to eat free popcorn. Downside: he would run into a lot of people from school there. Nonetheless, he walked in and filled out an application. Cas was supportive of this choice, as Dean would probably be able to hook him up with promotional posters.
|~~~*****~~~|
Cas just wanted Dean back. He wanted him safe, and close, and arguing with him about his 8th slice of pizza. He wanted his best friend back. But for now, he only had their memories and the hope that they’d get to make more.
He already knew where he was headed. Up the stairs and straight into the bathroom. He was so full, the toothbrush barely touched the back of his tongue before he was throwing up.
While it was Dean’s mouth saying the words, it was Michael who was controlling the vessel. Castiel had plans on capturing him, saving Dean, but those plans went south. He was supposed to wait for Sam, but the second he saw Michael, he stormed in by himself.
It was Dean’s turn to go, he was down by 2 points. If he wanted to jump into the lead he had to make this shot. He crouched down, eyeing the AstroTurf in front of him. He laid flat on his stomach, and angled the golf club in various directions, trying to plan the best trajectory for the ball.
“You bet. She made it fresh this morning.”
A few moments later the ride began to move. It was gradual. Back and forth, building momentum. Cas was okay with that part. Then the hydraulics kicked in and the ride started going higher. Cas became aware that the floor had dropped out beneath them and he was hanging in the air. He was starting to panic.
“If I wasn’t, I certainly am now.”
Dean shot up, Cas’s words lighting a fire within him. “What did you say?”
“I’m not sure.”
Dean tried to tell himself that John was long gone, and Sam would be there for him no matter what. That people were a lot more open minded now than they were back then. But there wasn’t enough convincing that could erase the terror his father instilled in him.
But here it’s different. There’s life, blooming all around from every corner and crevice. And it’s all thanks to Cas. He’s humble, and says it was a group effort, but Dean knows better. He’s made discoveries and creations that have helped all kinds of species on several planets, and if that’s not a genius, Dean doesn’t know what is.
“I … um…” He stops, the words ‘I like you’ clog his throat— a cork of repression keeping whatever these new feelings are bottled inside. “I’m sorry about the porn thing,” he says instead. “I didn’t mean to do that, and I feel really bad because that was-”
“Based on your mood,” a robotic voice rang from the surround sound speakers, “I would recommend Our Handsome Gardener. Rated X. Filmed in 2015. Matt finally succumbs to his urge to play with the family gardener’s hose. He hopes to convert this hot horticulturist into a horny-culturist by sucking on his huge-”
More than anything else, Cas just wants to keep him close. Make him happy. Build a world that exists just in this very moment. Let Dean enjoy the simplistic, easy love that he has to offer. He knows he deserves it, but that would be an awful lot to propose after just one kiss.
“Mind if dry?”
Cas did not move and Dean continued to stare at him. The room was quiet, it felt tense.
“Everyone’s entitled to a few mistakes.”
“Cas, I’m sorry.” Dean finally lifted his eyes, feeling the tears welling up. He felt small and weak and he wanted to hide. He didn’t want to have to deal with this, but then he felt Cas’s arms around him, pulling him into a hug.
In an attempt to cheer him up, Cas told a joke about bees. Dean was the only one who laughed. Normally Cas would feel self-conscious and try to change the subject or run away, but all he could focus on was how Dean’s eyes squinted as his cheeks rose into a smile, and how his body leaned in as he let out an honest-to-God laugh. Cas’s vision was blurred, making the string of lights on the wall flare around Dean’s head in an ethereal display of colors.
“Is your dad no longer in the picture?”
Cas let his eyes close as he wrapped his arms around Dean. It was just like all of Cas’s daydreams. Well, in his daydreams he was the little spoon. But being the big spoon had it’s perks!
Cas was ready right when Dean pulled up to his house. Mrs. Novak waved to them through the screen door, telling them to be safe. She worried about them, maybe a little too much, but it was sweet that she cared. Cas handed Dean a piece of pie, wrapped in cellophane, with a sticky note that had a little heart drawn on it.
Cas was not amused. “Absolutely not.”
Cas’s eyes went wide, and his mouth hung open a bit. “Excuse me, that is a National Natural Landmark. The whole place used to be underwater. The land is literally a sea bed. Plus, it’s one of the Eight Wonders of Kansas.”
Cas nodded his head, smiling wide despite the tears of joy blurring his vision. He didn’t even have to think about the answer. “Yes!”
Everyone made their way out, and Dean grabbed the garden hose to douse the fire.
Dean looked at him, confused. “Ok, and I’ll be sure to do that.”
Cas grabbed the stuffed monkey from across the carriage and set it next to him so that he could slide over next to Dean. “Absolutely!”
It wasn’t unusual, but that meant that Cas had definitely seen the text message and chose to ignore it. That could only mean one thing: time for damage control.
When he got there, he found Cas sitting on his bed, wearing his t-shirt and sweatpants. Damn. He really didn’t think this through. Put the boy you have a crush on in your clothes. Perfect plan.
“I wasn’t hungry then.”
“Guys, I have to run to the store and pick up the pie. Please try to be ready by the time I get back. We’re leaving at 3:30pm.” Dean grabbed his keys and headed to the store.
From what they’ve been told, it’s fallout from a huge asteroid crash that happened about 10 years ago. The rocks smashed into each other, broke off into chunks of space debris, fell to Earth, and ever since there’s been an uncontainable gas being released from the water.
When he felt like he had emptied himself enough, he flushed the toilet and stood up. He looked in the mirror again, this time his lips flush, tears staining his cheeks. He looked worn out, but he felt light. He felt pure.
Cas walked back to his room, taking in the chaotic mess of blankets and pillows. He tidied everything up while he waited for Dean.
The paperwork was filed, and it was accepted last week. Today, though, it becomes official. Dean Winchester is about to start a major new chapter of his life. He didn’t expect to be so nervous, but the voice in the back of his head keeps making him wonder if he made the right choice.
Right. Dean probably doesn’t remember dandelions, and Cas hasn’t found a valuable use for it in his lab, so he doesn’t grow it.
Cas came up to visit Dean once, so he could get a feel for the campus for when he’d eventually attend. It was nice. Close enough where you could visit home if you wanted, far enough away where you get to experience life on your own.
His eyes narrowed as he tried to understand the flashes of fogged up memory that were coming back to him, like he was trying to recall the details of a dream.
Charlie ended up shooting the winning shot, throwing her hands in the air and proclaiming victory.
Cas raised an eyebrow at that. “You want there to be another one?”
“Today is a good day for keeping our hopes up! The doctors say you’re making great progress, and that’s what I like to hear.” Dean was beaming as he sat down next to Cas. “I don’t really think I need to explain this one because, let’s be honest, we both love Brendon Urie, and there’s nothing a little Panic! can’t fix.”
“Dean.” It came out as a choked whisper, raspy and barely audible. “Dean, please. You have to fight this.”
“Dean? Can you at least say something?”
“You won me that giant green monkey, and then you bought me the pretzel you owed me for eating my snacks. You told me you liked me, and then I kissed your beautiful, confused face and we…” Dean sniffled, taking a couple deep breaths, “we went on the Ferris wheel, and I asked you to be my boyfriend, and you said yes. I gotta tell you, that was the happiest day of my entire life.”
He could feel the sinking weight of grief that made a home in his chest. His heart could barely beat, blood thickened with guilt. He knew he wasn’t worthy of breath.
“Much.”
Dean pulls back a bit so he can look into Cas’s eyes. Still so beautiful. He looks down at his lips for just a second, wondering if he’d actually have it in him. He moves in closer, trying to read if he’s made the right call, and as soon as Cas’s eyes fall shut, he knows that he has.
Dean continues through the app, making the outside appear to be a seaside getaway, a café near the Eiffel Tower, a sunset over the Taj Mahal. Dean can’t believe how realistic it is.
Cas placed the bottle inside of the cupboard.
|~~~*****~~~|
“You don’t say.”
“There’s a stand right over there, grab a bench and I’ll be right over.”
Dean pulled Cas into a kiss, their eyes closed, and for a moment, the rest of the world wasn’t there. The background noise faded and everyone in the room turned into a blur. It was just the two of them, together, on the verge of starting a brand new adventure.
“Oh, come on lover boy, I won’t bite.”
“Too late!” Sam said, entering the kitchen with a duffle bag slung over his shoulder. “So would you guys prefer that I stick with the conventional Destiel, or can I opt for my personal favorite: CasDean?”
“No, I’m ok. I think I’m gonna take a nap.” Dean answered.
“Secondly, I know we’re young, and this may seem like I’m jumping the gun, but I’ve never been more certain about anything in my life. I almost lost you once, and I realized that I don’t want to spend another day without you by my side.”
“Why?”
“Sounds great.”
He decided it didn’t matter what the consequences would be, because this felt right, this felt good, and damn it, he deserved good things just as much as everyone else. He knew how he felt, and the urge to act on those feelings was just too strong, so he took advantage of his lowered inhibitions, leaned in, and kissed Dean.
The opening scene plays, and the awkwardness starts to dissipate, only to be replaced with a new set of worry in Dean’s head.
“Are you about to friend-break up with me?” Dean shot up, setting his pretzel to the side. “If you even think about saying “It’s not you, it’s me” I swear to god-”
Once Dean was finally done, they went back and forth, discussing which activities they really wanted to do, and which ones they would be able to compromise on. After about an hour they had a completed list. Cas pulled out an extra large pad of paper from his closet and a jumbo Sharpie. Dean was confused.
“Don’t you go blaming yourself for this. You have been more supportive than I deserve. You have made sure I stuck to our plan. You have held me and talked with me and been the best husband I could’ve asked for. You did nothing wrong, and you are not the problem here, so don’t you ever say that again.”
“The chances of that happening are slim to none. And to your point, the Ferris wheel can tip over or the little carriage thing can break off and send you crashing to your death.”
“Why not?”
|~~~*****~~~|
“Hello.”
“I don’t mean to hog all the popcorn,” he said, offering the bowl to Dean.
Dean woke up to a steady beep echoing in the room. As he opened his eyes, he realized he wasn’t home. He was in the hospital.
Dean stopped, getting too choked up to speak. The tears spilled down his face. It hurt too much to reminisce. It felt too much like a eulogy. Felt too much like saying goodbye.
Everything went well, except for when Dean introduced Cas to his roommate. Cas didn’t like him. He gave off a creepy, power trip vibe, like he wanted to watch the world burn, and he wanted to be the one to set the fire.
Cas’s thoughts kept running wild. Wondering if Dean was ok. What was Michael making him do? Was he safe?
His heart was so full, he nearly collapsed when Dean finally found him. He knew what Dean wanted to say, but Cas was fearful of what that would mean for him, so he said it was ok. He heard what he needed to hear.
After the initial rush of people was served, Cas took a break to check his phone. He had a couple texts from his mom, asking him how everything was going.
“You’re cute, Cas,” she said, wiping the red pigment from his face with her thumb before rejoining the circle.
“Babe, I’m gonna run to the store real quick, we’re out of milk. Do you need anything?” Cas asked, peeking his head into the room.
Sitting down to a beautifully set table, Cas admired the centerpiece of fresh flowers.
When they arrived home, they decided to watch a movie. Again. Dean had picked it especially because it was one of Cas’s favorites. He could pretty much quote the whole thing, and Dean found that incredibly endearing.
“Oh, so you can take a picture of me, freshly dredged out of a swamp, but I can’t take a picture of you post-barbecue?” He waited for an answer, but Cas just let out a defeated sigh. “Smile!”
Cas wasn’t doing much better, whatever was in his cup hit him pretty hard and it took most of his energy not to pop the ping pong ball in his mouth and project it across the table.
He didn’t know if it was the burger at the diner, the constant stress of hunting, or the shots he drank at the bar, but his body must’ve thought something he consumed was demonic because he had been expelling his stomach’s contents for over an hour.
Bobby opened the fridge and pulled out a glass pan, setting it in front of Dean. It was Bobby’s attempt at making a birthday cake. He found an old recipe that his wife used to make and gave it his best shot. It was lopsided, the frosting was patchy, it looked burnt on the edges, and it said “Happy Birthday Dean” in scraggly letters. Sam said he wrote it because between him and Bobby, he had the neater handwriting. Not by much.
“Do you know what shot-gunning is?” Dean asked.
Benny shouted, “Stop, drop and roll!”
There was a pull, but neither of them wanted to make the first move. It was terrifying. It was exciting. Everything Dean had wanted was right in front of him, and all he had to do was lean forward.
“Well, we have this list of things we’re supposed to do this summer, you know, before we head off to college, and one of them is a backyard bonfire. Now, I might not be good at hosting parties, but I don’t think I can mess up burning some wood.”
He pulled his hand away, going back to drying the dishes. It was too much. Cas, right there, touching him, smiling like a dumb baby. It made his heart feel something other than sorrow and pain, and that, in and of itself, was terrifying.
“Okay, I admit, you have turned me into a sappy romantic. And I know you’re right here and everything, but I miss you. I miss just being able to kiss you whenever I want and I miss us hanging out, and getting to be a boring, average couple.”
“Dean!” It was Sam. Of course it was Sam. “Eileen needs a blanket, did you take the ones out of the dryer?”
He clears those thoughts from his head, and focuses instead on the moment that he’s getting to experience. Another day, alive and well, with a beautiful man next to him.
“I heard someone out here. What are
“We’ve got a classic lined up for today, Cas. I know this one seems cliche, but if some part of you is active in there, I know you won’t be able to resist trying to sing all of the parts.” Dean scrolled through his music library, clicking play on the song.
People are dying at such a high rate that world leaders worked together to create a colony on the moon. The crematoriums can barely keep up. Every night when lock down commences, the vaccubots sweep the streets, attempting to purify the air as much as they can. Cas’s main mission is to find some hybrid plant that can take in this gas and turn it into oxygen. Or at least something that can help clean the air. It’s a crisis. And most days, it feels like there’s no way out.
“Would you like me to go get some Tums? Or I can have Sam make a run out to the store.”
Dean knew what Cas meant, but he didn’t want to eat the damn food in the first place. It was Cas, with his stupid adorable face, and his bat-my-eyelashes-to- get-what-I-want demeanor, who chose to feed him. Dean was more than happy to snack on air.
, like you.”
Everyone waited in anticipation as the bottle spun around. Finally, it stopped. The tip pointed at the boy sitting cross-legged in his chair.
“That’s perfect!” Dean knew exactly how he could make it up to Cas.
Cas smiled, “Okay I forgive you.”
As they went through the fairgrounds, Dean was keeping mental notes of all the rides he wanted to come back to. Dean was leading them to his favorite ride in the park. If he was a nice friend, he would’ve eased Cas into the scarier rides, but he wasn’t. He wanted to throw him right into the terror.
Cas tucked Dean into the hospital bed then leaned over to place a kiss on his forehead. “I love you.”
As they entered the formal dining room, they were met with a full spread of food. Mrs. Novak was some kind of cooking superhero, it made no sense that she could prepare as much food as she did in a few hours.
“I asked if you wanted anything before I went in.”
Cas chuckled, “I think we can work something out.”
When Sam came back, he noticed how quiet the bunker was. There was no sign of anyone.
He doesn’t try to suck up to Cas because he’s a high-profile biological engineer. He doesn’t make things up because he thinks that’s what Cas wants to hear. And when Cas talks, or rambles on about something, he feels like Dean listens. Really listens. Takes the time to comprehend the stories, their meaning, to know him for him.
“Whatever,” Dean said, kicking a rock down the walkway, “those games are rigged anyway.”
The more he thought about it, the less ridiculous it seemed. He knew he was young, and still had to get through college, and still had a lot of growing left to do, but he had an entire life with Dean to look forward to. People spend most of their lives trying to find that special someone, and here they were, lucky enough to have found each other so early on.
“Share with me.” Then Cas swirled the candy so that it booped Dean on the nose.
Cas pursed his lips and squinted his eyes as he thought it over. He raised his right hand, fingers curled into a fist, and for a second Dean thought he was getting ready to hit him, but Cas simply extended one finger.
Dean stared into the the angel’s blue eyes, his soft hair that he wanted to run his hands through, the pajama pants that Dean let him borrow. He thought about how much he cared for this man. How much he wanted to hold him. All the things he could open himself up to. But he couldn’t.
He picked up his phone, needing some support as the freedom of his summer was being ripped, yet again, from his hands.
It was around noon when Dean decided he would binge on an entire pizza for lunch. Fuck self-control. Fuck his plans. He had been craving it all week, and he finally caved. He had to wait for a day when he was off, and Cas had work, and today was the day. He preheated the oven and waited patiently as the meat lovers pizza cooked.
“Now we’re having kids?” Cas asked, dumbfounded by Dean’s surprise Five Year plan.
“Uh, thanks.” Dean pulled away so he could introduce his friends. “Garth, this is Cas. Cas, this is Garth.”
“Come upstairs with me.” Cas took Dean’s hand and led them to their bedroom. He unbuttoned Dean’s shirt, noticing how tense he was. He ran his hands over his chest and down across his stomach. He could’ve swore Dean was holding his breath.
He let out a sigh of relief, and closed his eyes.
Charlie ran to the garage and came back with a large piece of cardboard. She grabbed an empty beer bottle from the table then set the cardboard on the ground.
They stayed like that, wrapped up in each other, until eventually they fell asleep.
“You and Cas?” She stared at him, expecting something to click. “Come on, you blush when you’re around him, you spend a ton of time together, he’s the only guy you seem to talk about lately. I’m no expert, but I know a crush when I see one.”
It was around 10pm, and Cas was on the verge of falling asleep to a nature documentary when his phone buzzed and jolted him awake. He squinted as his eyes tried to adjust to the brightness of the phone screen. It was a text from Dean.
Cas didn’t wake up.
Dean was gone. He wasn’t dead, but he wasn’t here, and he wasn’t in control of himself. Cas didn’t know which one was worse. He knew he should be out looking for him, trying to do something. Anything. But he could barely bring himself to walk around the bunker, much less scour the country. Part of him thought it was safer this way. Given his track record, he’d probably make things worse if he got involved.
He took out his phone, and pulled up pictures from their wedding. He knew it was a long shot, but what was one more attempt at jogging Cas’s memory?
In the afternoon, he went down to the homeless shelter and helped serve meals. They weren’t a large town, by any means, so Cas was always shocked by the amount of people he ended up serving in a day. There were people there from all walks of life, but his favorite person by far was this sweet woman named Missouri. No matter what her circumstances were, she would always greet Cas with a smile, and a daily inspirational quote.
There was a neon sticky note on the door that read:
At his old school, the kids would tease him for always being extra prepared for tests, showing up with 3 pencils and one of those jumbo erasers. He was the one who always had his homework done, and asked the teacher for extra credit. It was easy to excel in school. There were rules, and order. All he had to do was follow the instructions, and he’d be successful.
Suddenly, Cas’s hands were rubbing up and down Dean’s back, slick with the warm oil he fetched from the drawer.
The next time Cas reaches his hand in, Dean’s quick to put his hand in on purpose, taking his time to grab the popcorn. Cas doesn’t pull back, or seem uncomfortable. It’s hard to read though. Until it’s not.
“It’s nothing, Cas. No need to get your trench coat in a bunch.”
He slipped on a t-shirt and a pair of shorts before ambling over to his father’s room. He raised his fist to knock on the door, but quickly lowered it. It was too damn early to bother John with something as silly as a broken fan. Dean would probably get chewed out. Not worth it. So he splashed some cold water on his face, and headed back into his hot room.
“Shut your mouth and get in the car.”
Dean stared at Cas, waiting for something to click, waiting for something more than just casual dinner conversation, but it never came.
“Nothing. I’m sorry, this was really sweet of you, but I’m not in the mood for this right now. I think I’m gonna go take a shower.” Dean hopped off the bed and went straight to the bathroom. He knew Cas was probably confused, but at least he didn’t have to look at or touch Dean anymore. It was a win/win if anything.
The mid-morning sun beamed against the curtains, casting a grey shadow on the walls, birds were chirping, and there was someone’s breath on Cas’s ear. His eyes shot open, but he remained still. The breathing continued. Cas slowly turned his head, happy to find that it was Dean, and not some burglar with a cuddling fetish.
“It sucked.”
Dean steps closer, wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist. He pulls him in close and rests his head on his shoulder. It’s intimate, and a risk Dean usually doesn’t take, but there’s something about Cas that makes him feel safe. Like it’s okay to let his guard down.
A brief moment of silence fell between them. Cas stared at the man across from him. His bright green eyes, his freckled cheeks, his trembling lips. Cas had never seen anyone as beautiful as Dean Winchester.
They shot right back open once he realized that he was pressed up against Dean’s chest, wrapped in his arms, and they both weren’t wearing pants. To make things even more awkward, Cas was pretty sure he could feel something pressed up against his lower back.
“Dude, are you like some kind of baseball superman?” Dean asked, completely amazed that Cas was even able to hit one of the clowns.
“No.” Dean stood up, bringing the shot glass over to the sink.
About an hour later, when Cas’s parents were asleep and the house was quiet, he crept downstairs to the kitchen and snuck out the back door. He met up with Dean at the park and they headed out.
He wiped the tears from his cheeks and continued.
It was moments like this that gave Dean hope. Hope that he could get everything back. Hope that Cas would finally come around. And then it happened.
“Sorry. I know your family is super religious and all that-“
“There’s one! Quick, make a wish,” Cas says, closing his eyes to make his own wish.
“I don’t know.” Cas grabbed Dean’s hand as they continued walking. “As long as I’m with you, I’m happy.”
“You know,” Cas said, picking up the bottle of alcohol, “Bottling things up is great for whiskey. Not so great for people.”
After a few shots at triggering his gag reflex, the pizza finally came back up. It was disgusting, but Dean knew this was the price he had to pay if he wanted to act like a fat ass. He had to get all of it out.
“It’s a shame, I didn’t get you anything.”
They move to the living room and get settled in on the couch. Cas pulls a remote from one of the drawers, but it doesn’t look like one that Dean has seen before. It has a sleek, black color, and is kind of shaped like a cuff bracelet. It’s weird because it doesn’t have any physical buttons.
“I’m sorry I left without saying anything and I’m sorry I made you worry. I got you these as a sorry-thank-you combo. Because I did have a great time with you.”
“Do you think Sam won’t be okay with this?”
“I know you’ve got a lot of weight on your shoulders, but you got this, big guy.” Charlie playfully punched his shoulder as Mrs. Novak opened the door and invited them in.
“I got hungry when you were in the store. You took a lot longer than I thought you would.”
Dean let his hand drift up into Cas’s hair, pulling him close. He loved these small, intimate moments with Cas. He loved the taste of his lips and his tongue and his breath. He could live forever in a moment like this.
“Nope. Don’t think I’d know how, anyway.” Dean has never seen anything like this in person. Only from time to time in commercials. This is the kind of Jetsons stuff he grew up thinking would be all the rage in the future, and now, it’s just another toy for people who have that kind of money to toss around.
“Have you gotten to use one of these yet?” Cas asks, holding the remote out to Dean.
Dean simply extended his arm, disregarding the comment. “Shall we?”
(See the end of the chapter for
At most, Sam would drop hints here and there, trying to let Dean know he would support him regardless of his decision and that he just wanted him to be happy. Being around Dean when he’s anywhere near Cas, you can tell, that’s when he’s the happiest.
“Fucking disgusting! You like dick, boy? I got a fucking faggot for a son!” John snapped the belt across Dean’s face, splitting his lip open.
“The doctors are still waiting for some test results to come back. They said it would be for the best if they kept you overnight. Sam said he’s going to stop by in the morning, so you’ll have some company.”
Dean took his time cleaning the dishes, welcoming a distraction. The hearty breakfast was starting to get to him. Cas was in their room grading papers, he’d definitely hear any sounds that came from the bathroom.
This time, both of them were smiling, eyes completely open, the sun shining just right. It was perfect. Cas hooked his phone to his computer and printed out the picture.
Dean picked it up and flipped through the empty pages. He wasn’t much of a crafter, but he could manage sticking some pictures in a book.
Dean knew this was a bad idea. These were old wounds that weren’t meant to be opened back up. It was best to leave them be.
It landed on Kevin.
“I could clean you up now, if you want to save time?” Dean asked, playfully spraying Cas with the hose.
“You’re lucky. You just made it with two seconds to spare,” Dean said, unlocking the doors.
“Oh, I think I do.”
Maybe his body was rejecting them? Like when you drink too much and you puke cause your body is like “Whoa pal, WAY too much poison!”
It was weird to feel all ooey and gooey over someone, but as he saved the image to his phone, he couldn’t help but feel excited to see where things were headed with his best friend.
Dean’s body was numb, unaware of the tears he had been crying. He didn’t want to be here. He didn’t deserve to be here. Why was he still alive when none of the others were? What made him so special? He didn’t deserve any of it. He ruined everything good. Everything. Gone.
She huffed and stomped back to her seat to record the rest of the family’s reaction.
Sam kept busy, making calls. There was a possible lead a couple cities over and he decided to take a day trip and investigate. The bunker was quiet. The absence of its usual occupants painfully obvious.
Charlie ran over, her phone still recording, and asked in a cheesy game show host voice, “Dean Winchester, you’ve just gotten engaged. Tell me, what do you plan on doing next?”
Cas clicks play on the first movie that comes up. It’s some b-list romcom, but it’s rated PG-13, and that’s all Dean needs to know. Everyone will be clothed, and hopefully if there is a gardener, all they’ll be doing is gardening.
It broke Cas’s heart. Even though he didn’t expect his parents to immediately hop on board, a small part of him still hoped they would be supportive. His parents always preached tolerance, acceptance, loving thy neighbor, but he guessed that wasn’t applicable to their children. They told him he needed to put God in his heart and get back on the righteous path, that this was nothing but the devil tempting him, and he knew better than to believe that, but logic and emotions don’t always mix.
Sam looked mesmerized by everything from the house, to the food, to the guests, and Dean realized they hadn’t had a big dinner like this, surrounded by friends and family, since before their mom died.
Dean tossed himself onto his bed, huffing out a breath as he stared up at the ceiling.
It wasn’t for weeks later, after denial, demon deals, an un-returned call to God himself, and the inevitable fire, that Sam finally gained the courage to go into Dean’s room. He saw a folded-up note on the dresser, the word “Bitch” written on the front. The paper sat between his fingers like a whisper from the grave.
“Get better soon!” “Sorry you got sick” And lots of little hearts and stickers. One kid just drew a skateboarding monster, but Dean still appreciated the sentiment.
“No. I’m still not sure what to say.”
“Next thing I know, my foster mom comes barging into my room, asking for dirty laundry, and she scares the crap out of me. I scream, and jump, and the jar of bees goes flying into the air. It comes crashing down on the floor, the glass shatters, and the bees start swarming all over the room. You would’ve thought I had killed someone with all the screaming.”
“Here goes nothing.” Dean leaned in, closing his eyes, feeling the cool brush of breeze against his face, then right as he went to go in for the kiss, he heard Cas scream.
“This is going to be complicated, but I’m going to try my best to explain what’s going on.”
“I don’t get out much,” Cas deadpanned.
So he made his way to the bathroom to atone for his sins. He shut the door, ran the faucet, and grabbed his toothbrush before kneeling down in front of the toilet.
Cas nods. “For what it’s worth, I don’t think it’s pointless to keep fighting when everything around you wants you to quit. I think that’s very brave.”
“No, Dean,” Cas said, holding his hand up. “Can you just… let me say what I have to say?” Cas was flustered. His hands were shaking, he could barely feel his legs, it felt like his heart was trying to leave his body. He took a couple deep breaths, and Dean sat there quietly, waiting for him to continue.
This time when he opened his eyes, it was almost overwhelming. Cas was forced to face the truth because it was sitting right across from him. He was scared. This was a moment he had fantasized about many times before, but just briefly enough that it became a thought, then he’d bury it along with all the other nice things he’d never be able to have. But not tonight.
Dean chuckled, “Sure.”
It was probably the alcohol, but Cas felt like he’d known this man for a long time. He inhaled the scent of sandalwood cologne as Dean slid his hand to the small of his back. They both felt like they were dreaming. It was a warm-glow, bliss-filled, slice of heaven in this dingy bar.
“Is something wrong?” Dean asked.
But then the wave of nausea passed and it gave way to something that felt much worse. Dean sat on the toilet, feeling cramps in his stomach that were worse than anything he’s ever experienced.
After Mr. Novak said grace, they all dug into the feast. They served sparkling cider instead of alcohol out of respect for John and because the majority of the group was under 21. There were different conversations here and there, about school, or an old friend, or hobbies. Everyone was getting along splendidly.
“It’s not about the money, Cas. It’s about the experience.”
Dean screamed and fought from the inside, but it was futile. Michael found his efforts to be humorous. An ongoing source of entertainment. This was all fun and games to him, knowing both men were being tortured at his hand.
“Oh,” Dean gives Cas a sly smile, “You wanted to show me your bedroom? Cas, I gotta say, I didn’t peg you as the kind of guy who gives it up on the first date.”
He didn’t want to think about the worst, but in the event that it did happen, he had something they created together that showed moments from the best summer Dean had ever had.
Dean stayed until visiting hours were over, just in case Cas decided to be early, like he was with everything else. No such luck. But that was okay, because he knew in his soul that Cas was going to wake up on Day 22.
I'd love to hear from you all!
Dean lifted his gaze to meet Cas’s, and there it was; Their profound bond. Cas smiled and it warmed Dean’s heart.
Cas halted, sitting up.
“Well, lucky for you, I have plans for us this evening.”
Armed with nothing but a quirky Youtuber baking tutorial and sheer willpower, Dean whipped up a birthday cake that rivaled the one Bobby made all those years ago. His was also lopsided, the frosting was splotchy, he covered that up with rainbow sprinkles, and it started to cave in, but it tasted good. So good. But hey, on birthdays it’s always the thought that counts, right?
Cas pressed his tongue passed the other man’s lips, deepening the kiss. He had waited so long of this moment.
“When we get on, I’ll be sitting right next to you. If you really can’t do it and start freaking out, they’ll let you off. But I’ll be right there, the whole time.” Dean waited to see how Cas was feeling. He wanted to push Cas out of his comfort zone, but he didn’t want to force him to do something he really didn’t want to do.
“I wish he’d find less self-destructive methods.”
“Why would you do that for me?”
“Thanks.”
“Shh.” Cas pressed a gentle kiss to the palm of Dean’s hand.
“Are you going to be okay leaving the only planet you’ve ever known? Are
“It was a joke, Dean. There’s no snake.”
“Dad please!” Dean cried out, pleading for John to stop. He tried to crawl away, but John continued his rampage.
Benny was in charge of the alcohol, and he did not disappoint. There was quite the assortment of beer, vodka, tequila, whiskey, and rum. He was the only one in the group with a fake I.D., and cashiers never questioned him because he was 6 feet tall and had a beard. Turns out, puberty had its benefits.
Dean was a little disappointed that Cas dodged his question.
“Okay, well,” Cas opens a drawer and takes out a knife, using it to slice open a piece of Aloe Vera, “it’s kind of like this.” He scoops out a dollop of gel with his fingers and holds it out so Dean can see it.
They were going to get Dean back.
“Thanks for the pep talk, Dr. Phil.”
He fell backwards on his bed, happy to have avoided the wrath of John Winchester, at least for one night. He checked his phone and saw a notification from Cas.
Dean didn’t say anything. What could he say? He knew he couldn’t keep this a secret forever, but he didn’t want to hurt Cas. He could tell that’s exactly what he did.
|~~~*****~~~|
“Yeah, you’re probably right.”
“So, maybe we should just pick a movie the old fashioned way, huh?” Cas says, daring to break the tension.
The hunter made a pleased noise, as the pain in his stomach began to fade. The feeling that replaced it was serene. Dean felt safe.
“I just thought I saw a bug,” Cas lied, staring intently at the ceiling.
The next thing he knew, he was sitting in a garden under the warm glow of the sun. He thought he was alone until he heard a familiar voice.
Dean instantly stilled. He looked up at Cas, then at all the people who were staring at him, and the embarrassment set in. If there was a snake, he’d be justified for freaking out, but now he was just a wet boy in a moat. Things were only made worse by the manager coming over with security to drag him from the water.
This time Dean could see exactly how Cas was looking at him. Like he was something to behold. Like he was beautiful. He should have been flattered, but the thought of Cas liking him in that way suddenly seemed ridiculous. Cas was probably giving him an honest compliment and whatever subtext may have been there went right over his head.
“Dean, I don’t know if I can do this.”
“So, I take it things are going well between you two.”
He definitely heard correctly that time, and happily accepted the invitation. There was no mistaking that Dean was a catch, and Cas felt lucky to be holding the net.
Dean nods, handing his plate over. He cleared it, and Cas takes that as another compliment. He’ll have to cook more often.
At home, he has a photo album that his dad made, and in it there’s a picture of his mother, Mary, that he loves. She’s maybe 20 years old, and she’s standing on a wooden bridge, surrounded by little drops of purple. He didn’t know what the flowers were called, but when he asked Cas if they were the same flowers that were growing in the dome, he said yes.
“Look, Cas.” Dean took a moment to think about what he wanted to say. Nothing about this was easy for him. “I’ve never brought any of this up because I still haven’t fully come to terms with it. Everyone assumes that I’m straight, which is fine, because that’s how I’ve wanted it to be. But I know the truth.”
Once he opened that hatch, it stayed open. He gobbled down whatever he could get his hands on. Burgers, fries, milkshakes, cookies, pies, God how he loved pie, chips, steak, chicken wings, pizza by the box. He had no self control.
“I’m sure Sam would appreciate that.”
you. And if you’re too scared to say it, then I will.”
Right as the Ferris wheel got to the top, the sunset a vibrant mix of purples, pinks, and oranges behind them, Cas leaned in and kissed Dean. Smiling against his boyfriend's lips, Dean snapped the picture. It looked like a Hallmark card.
~~~~~*****~~~~~
“Is that your magazine I found in the bathroom?”
Eileen is alive and well after Jack restores life on Earth, and Sam can’t wait to be with her again.
They almost had it. They saved Jack and Mary, the apocalypse was trapped in the other world, along with Lucifer, then it was all ripped away. Again.
Kaia and Jody finally return home, and Claire is reunited with her first love.
Cas meant it. There were literally plates full of bacon set on the table. Dean knew it was supposed to make him feel better. If he was a normal person, it probably would have. But all he saw was the fact that his favorite meal was a stack of sugar-laced carbs, drizzled in syrup, accompanied by pan fried cholesterol and grease.
This wasn’t what any of them had expected, but Dean couldn’t help but feel like he finally got a slice of the normal life he had always wanted. He was with his brother, his best friend, who was also the love of his life, and he was driving Baby down an open road on his way to save to the world. It wasn’t perfect, but Dean couldn’t imagine a better life.
They cuddled up on the couch, Dean in plaid pajamas, Cas in a borrowed pair of sweatpants, as they watched a movie. Cas must’ve fallen asleep, because the next thing he knew, he was waking up to the smell of what he assumed was pancakes.
Mr. and Mrs. Novak got up and gave both their son, and their soon to be son-in-law, a big hug. They could not have been happier. After the year they all went through, to see their son smiling and in love was more than they could’ve hoped for.
Sam couldn’t help but notice the light in Dean’s eyes when he looked at Cas. He would never bring it up, because he knew how guarded his brother was, but there was no doubt there was something between the two of them.
“Well, if you aren’t the best damn thing I’ve seen all day!”
Dean bought bracelets for both of them so they could ride as many rides as they wanted. Cas wanted to pay for his, but Dean said he could just pick up the gas on the way back.
“If you ever try to tell another soul that I like this song, I will vehemently deny it. But I love how much you love it, and when it comes on in the car, you automatically start smiling like nothing else matters. Plus, it’s hilarious to watch you scream the ending at the top of your lungs like it’ll somehow help you hit the high notes.”
“Ehh, he’s a close 2nd.”
He stepped off the chair.
“Dude, how do you afford all this cool stuff?”
Cas went up to the window and ordered two soft pretzels with salt. He wasn’t going to make the mistake of not getting food when Dean had some again.
Dean dropped the pillow and peered at Cas, his chest rising and falling as his breathing slowed.
For a moment, Dean stood outside the door, listening to Cas sing. He knew it was dumb, but he imagined that Cas was singing it to him. He loved his voice.
There was nothing.
He hadn’t realized how hot the water was till he looked down at his hands. They were scalded red. The steam radiated up, bringing him back to reality.
“Yup! One girl, we can name her Cassandra, and a little boy, Dean Jr.”
Dean picked up the slack. He kept the house clean, did laundry, cooked dinner, made sure Sam caught the bus in the morning. It was a thankless job, but Dean would do whatever it took to make sure Sam had a good life.
Charlie was Dean’s longtime best friend. They had known each other since elementary school, where they cemented their friendship by seeing who could eat a bottle of glue the fastest. Dean won, then proceeded to throw up on his desk, so Charlie was probably the real winner there. They were practically attached at the hip ever since.
He’s lying. You look disgusting. He doesn’t love you. This is pity. How could you let him touch you? You, with your repulsive body. Imagine how he feels. His hands running over your fat. Forcing himself to touch a monster. You think he likes this?
“Dean, I’m so sorry. I never should’ve done that. That was stupid. I’m so, so sorry. Please don’t be mad.”
“Well, I’m up for burgers. We could probably help Sam finish packing and then head out.”
As he grabs some napkins, Cas sneaks a quick kiss and it feels like a dream. Neither of them are sure how long it will last, or if they’ll even be able to survive much longer, given the conditions on Earth, but they’re happy to have another day. They look forward to seeing what the future holds, because at one time, the future seemed like a futile wish.
In a perfect world, this would have been the moment where Cas’s hand would twitch, and Dean would call his name, and Cas would respond to his voice, and the doctor would rush in, and Cas would come out of the coma.
Dean smiled and looked down, meeting Cas’s eyes. “Do you want to be my boyfriend?”
“Okay then.” Cas switches the screen to a clear night sky full of stars. He tells the lights in the room to lower, and they dim at his command.
Cas ran his hand up and down Dean’s arm, thinking it over. It seemed like a reasonable idea.
He turned off the water and took a minute to ground himself. He felt like he was floating, and he didn’t like the feeling of drifting.
“Yeah,” Cas began, taking a bite of toast, “Shut up and eat your eggs.”
John worked as a machine operator in a factory downtown. He worked overnights, often long hours, and when he got home he expected the house to be in order, and to not be disturbed. In his opinion, it was basic respect, and he expected nothing else from his boys. After all, he worked to make sure they had food in their stomachs and a roof over their heads. They should be thankful they had a father who made sure they stayed out of trouble and were taken care of.
Dean nodded. Cas was so diligent and on the ball. Dean wasn’t sure why Cas chose to marry him, when there were much better suited people out there.
He felt helpless and alone. Dean was always his strength and his motivation to fight the good fight, but perhaps he had overestimated his importance in Dean’s life. Maybe that’s why it was so easy for Dean to say “Yes.”
Cas said nothing, choosing instead to stare at the inside of his cup.
“Stay.” It’s all Cas says, and Dean stops on the spot.
“Hey, it happens. Important part is that I was able to protect Sam. Kid’s doing pretty damn good, so I guess I didn’t mess him up too bad.” Dean lets out a light chuckle, half joking, half wondering what Sam could’ve accomplished if he was given a normal life.
After a few more pictures, Dean decided to play a video from the ceremony.
“You look… amazing.” Dean stared, wide-eyed, at the gorgeous man before him. Cas really did clean up well.
“Excuse me everyone. I’d like to say a few words.” Dean stood up, gesturing across the table. “Castiel...”
“That’s what I thought. Don’t ever let me catch you with this fairy shit ever again or you’ll see what a real beating feels like.”
What the hell was Cas doing home? He wasn’t supposed to be home for another three hours. This was bad. This was so, so, so, so bad.
“Sorry. I kinda zoned out there.”
He spent the better part of his Friday morning unloading boxes and sorting through various food donations with about 80 other volunteers at the Helping Hands food bank. He always chose to volunteer there because they sourced to local pantries, and he loved coming back to the familiar faces. It was like a home away from home.
“Don’t ever change, Cas.”
“I want you to know that there are not a lot of songs about bees, or that even mention bees, so I went with the only one I’ve heard of.”
“Smile for the camera!” Charlie shouted as she zoomed in on their happy faces. She had been recording the whole thing.
“My parents made me do little league for five years. I was pitcher,” Cas replied, knocking down the last clown he needed to win the mega prize. If only he stuck with baseball, he probably could’ve got a scholarship for it.
“You’re so tense, sweetheart. But don’t worry, I’m gonna work all the stress out of that beautiful body.” Cas said. It was meant to be sweet, Dean knew that, but his head twisted it.
Dean follows suit, getting comfortable. He suspects the mattress is memory foam, his favorite. He looks around the room and notices that it’s very minimal. Different from how the rest of the house is decorated.
Sam placed his hand on Cas’s blanket-clad shoulder. He knew Cas just needed some time, and as long as there were no leads to go on, he might as well let him take it. He loved his brother more than anything in this world, and he knew Cas loved him too.
Maybe that’s what this was.
As he took in the beauty around him, Cas realized a unique weight was back on his shoulders. It couldn’t be. Could it?
“Well, Cas said you had kind of a rough night and he thought we’d make you a nice hearty breakfast to get you back in the game.” Sam shoveled sausage from the frying pan onto a plate in the center of the table. “Oh! We found a potential case in Colorado. It looks like a pack of werewolves. It might be worth checking out.”
“Are you sure? It’s your prize, I don’t want to take it from you.”
“This is it. Your last day in a coma. Hopefully.” Dean shoved the bundle of helium balloons through the door and set them in the corner. He also made a giant sign that read “Welcome Back!” and hung it on the back of the door.
Dean had gotten used to it, but his little brother, Sam, had quite the mouth on him. Dean couldn’t count the number of times Sam had been grounded because of some smart remark, but if anything serious happened, Dean was the one who took the fall. He was the proud owner of many a split lip courtesy of a quick backhand from John Winchester. He was second in command. He was supposed to make sure Sam stayed out of trouble. He knew that.
Cas pulled out a chair and sat next to Dean. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Don’t be too long, we’re almost to the good part.”
Dean was terrified. “No, sir.”
“Alright, alright. Enough of the chick-flick moments. We got some monsters to hunt! Where do you want to stop for lunch? I’m buying.”
“I got you this little teddy bear that’s holding a heart that reads “I love you bear-y much.” I know it’s not as grand as the monkey you won me at Fun Fair, but with us, it’s always been the thought that counts. And I can’t stop thinking about you.”
“So, we’re engaged,” Cas said, looking down at his ring finger.
“Let me get you another cup of coffee. We got a meeting at two, you’re gonna wanna look alive.”
“What do you got there?” Dean asked, trying to pull Cas’s arm forward.
“Can I see?” Dean asks, gesturing to Cas’s phone.
“Come in!” Dean turned on his side to see Castiel peek his head in.
“Alright sleepy head, I’m going to start dinner, I’ll call you when it’s ready.”
Cas understood that his mother had his best interests at heart, but come on. He was out doing charity work, not busting a drug smuggling ring. He tried not to complain about it though, because he knew that out of all the mothers he could’ve had, his was one of the best. He just wished she’d let him spread his wings a little. Despite his mother’s request, he pulled out his phone and texted Dean.
To be honest, Dean had forgotten about the meeting. He wasn’t at his best, and he knew he probably should eat something, but he couldn’t bring himself to do so. This was punishment for Sunday. He drank down the coffee Benny brought him, it was black and piping hot, hoping that would stifle his cravings.
He peeled a bunch of pieces of tape and stuck them to his fingers so they were ready to go when he wanted to hang up another bee. He put them all over the room so it looked like they were in the center of a hive. Or maybe an open field, because that’s less confining. He took a moment to sing the line “I’ve got so much honey, the bees envy me,” to Cas. It was true. All the little bees in the room were probably extremely envious of what the two of them shared. It didn’t matter that they weren’t real, Dean made them, so he got to dictate their emotions.
“Now I’m gonna tell you right now, son,” Bobby said, standing up and pushing his chair in, “I tried my hardest with this. It ain’t pretty, but you know what, I figured you’d like it anyway.”
To be honest, Dean hadn’t really thought about it since he was a kid. Outside of the consistent desire to be a cowboy, Dean would have to guess he wanted to be someone who built things. He’d build all types of houses out of Legos as a kid, and one Christmas, Uncle Bobby got him one of the big Lego sets so Dean could build the Batmobile. It’s probably the best Christmas present he’s ever gotten.
“Morning sunshine!” Dean said, pulling out a chair. “Made your favorite: chocolate chip pancakes and hash browns.”
And that was it. Dean sprinted, full force, toward the edge of the golf course, launching himself over the fence and into the moat. He hit the water with a splash, still screaming at the top of his lungs.
“It was… it was…” Cas stuttered, trying to figure out a believable reason for all the commotion. “It was a bug!”
is, these feelings that I have, it’s not acceptable.”
It seemed intimidating, knowing they only had about two months to get everything done, but they were gonna try. This was the last summer before the start of the next big chapter of their lives. They knew college was going to be stressful, full of late nights, cramming for tests, and crying about impending project deadlines. This was their chance to experience a small slice of the world before they had to buckle down.
“No. Stay here. On Earth.”
Dean shook his head, “I don’t…”
“Actually yes.” Dean balanced the phone between his ear and shoulder so he could search the shelf. “Can you please make sure Cas is wearing an outfit he likes? I know he sometimes throws on whatever, but there’s going to be pictures, and I want him to look nice.”
“Are you trying to make me scared of the only ride in the park I’m willing to go on?”
Anael was like some magical healing elf. No matter what Dean was going through, a quick chat with her would turn it all around.
“Jerk.”
“I can’t,” Dean whispered.
“How did you not die?” Dean asks, head tilted to the side, jaw slack.
“Well, that was one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do, so...”
Dean’s gone.
“I’ll tell you what, I think I can do it, just us two. If things get bad again, I promise you I’ll go see someone.”
“Dude, are you wasted off of one drink?” Dorothy asked as she took and missed her shot.
“Meg!” He exclaimed. “I have to kiss Meg?”
They came across the “Clock A Clown” game booth, where you throw a baseball at the clown dolls and have to knock them over.
“Cas, they told us not to sit on the same side of this thing.”
He lowered his hand down between his body and Deans, screaming as he realized what he was touching. He snatched his hand away, and in his panic, he rolled off the bed and fell to the floor with a thud. The sudden screaming and thrashing woke up Dean, who proceeded to activate his fight response. He jumped up, flinging the blanket to the foot of the bed, trying to figure out what was happening.
Dean pulls away after a bit, once the crying has been reduced to sniffling.
Garth went to hand the bowl back to Cas, pausing as a crash came from the other room.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand and dragged him into the line. There were a decent amount of people in front of them, so Cas had plenty of time to back out if he wanted to. He did, but part of him kind of wanted to see what Dean loved about the ride.
“Do you have a pair of pants I could borrow?” Dean asked. “I don’t really want to wear my jeans again.”
And so the hunt began.
“C’mon. What are you scared of? It can’t be heights, ‘cause the Ferris wheel is the tallest ride in the park.”
Cas’s head was still hazy as he rested it upon Dean’s chest. The gentle rise and fall a reminder that, yes, this was real. A beautiful boy asked him to be his boyfriend, and he meant it. It wasn’t a joke, it wasn’t malicious. Dean fell for the person Cas was inside, and he liked him exactly as he was. He never tried to change him. He was always there, ready to share a new adventure.
“Nope! I’m peachy-keen.” Dean grabbed a bottle from the fridge, opened it, and took a swig.
“If you have something that’s weighing on you, I’d appreciate you letting me know. I just want to help.” Cas cupped Dean’s cheek in his palm. It was so soft that Dean almost pulled away. He didn’t deserve anything that gentle, that kind, that full of love.
“Cas sent me a text asking if we could hang out when I got done with my shift, and I got distracted because a couple people from work wanted to hang out, and I didn’t text him back until super late. I said I was sorry, and that we could hang out today, but he left me on read. Then this morning, he posted a brunch picture on Instagram, and I’m pretty sure the caption was a vague post about me.”
Cas nodded, but he didn’t really understand. The way he pictured it, he’d be sucking up smoke haphazardly from the air like a possessed vacuum cleaner hose. He didn’t see why that was something people would do.
“Well, so much for your image.” Cas ruffled Dean’s wet hair.
Dean looked up and Cas was smiling down at him, his light haloing his head in a warm glow. There was something else there. Or maybe Dean was seeing things. He couldn’t tell.
Dean gave into his hunger and closed the space between them, pressing his lips against the Angel’s. Dean tasted like beer and Cas tasted like everything Dean’s soul had been missing.
Dean gives Cas another kiss before heading out the door, heading home to contemplate what his future holds.
He fashioned himself a noose, tying one end of the rope tight to the metal pipes in the upper corner of the room. He stood on a small wooden chair, wrapping the loop around his neck. He could feel the frayed edges prickling against his skin as he pulled the rope tighter. Tighter. Tighter. Until he could feel his pulse against the rope. He wanted to savor the pain of it for a moment. Revel in the torture of it. He deserved this kind of pain. This punishement. This end.
He knew he was ruining the day, which was a damn shame since they seldom get to have days like this. Sam was usually busy at his law firm, Cas worked all week at the elementary school, and Dean was a car salesman, so it was rare that their schedules would line up. Cas and Sam seemed to be having a good time though, which was all that mattered.
Cas’s face falls. It’s a bit of a sore subject, one that he doesn’t mind talking about, but that strangers tend to be uncomfortable hearing and immediately regret asking about. But he feels like Dean would understand, so he tells him.
He looked up, and Cas was smiling as he ushered Dean to his seat.
Cas was pleased by the sight. Dean seemed happy, and that was all he cared about. He never minded whipping up a decadent meal for the one he loved.
There was something in the way Dean said those words that struck Cas. He knows they’re just friends, and that Dean probably meant that Cas has helped the general world for the better, but it doesn’t matter. His heart is already running away with the possibility that Dean could think that highly of him. That maybe he’s had an actual impact on someone’s life. That it was Dean’s world that would suck without him.
His theory was about to be tested as Cas reached down to spin the bottle. Dean tried to bury the little spark of hope that flared up inside him, but it was useless. He wanted to be the one the bottle landed on. He wanted to be the one that kissed Cas. He wanted it so bad that it scared him.
He took a moment to think about what he was doing. He knew better than this. He knew this wasn’t healthy, but then again, neither was eating a full days worth of calories in one sitting. There was never any balance and it was a joke to think Dean would be able to find it. When it came to eating, Dean was always doing something unhealthy, it was just a matter of fluctuating between the two extremes.
“Yes, sir.” Dean makes a note of what to check. “It should be about an hour. If you’d like to wait inside, the garden and cafeteria are open.”
He doesn’t remember much about his mother, in fact, he only has one picture of her, and that one he keeps in his bedroom for safekeeping.
Once Dean thought his stomach might give him a moment of peace, he grabbed a ginger ale from the back of the fridge and a pack of crackers. He made his way to his room and laid down.
“I was stupid. I took things too far and it got out of hand. I never meant for something like this to happen.”
What kind of question was that? Dean wasn’t supposed to come over, and they weren’t going out for food. Perhaps it was just a silly question for one of those personality tests. He texted back:
The afternoon of Thanksgiving, Dean was trying to get his brother and his father to get ready in a timely fashion. It was only 2:30pm, but he knew how hard it was to get those two to do anything on a deadline.
“Well they can suck a dick and die, because I want a sunset selfie with my new boyfriend.” Cas pulled out his phone and tried to take the picture, but no matter how far he extended his arm, he couldn’t get both of their faces in the picture. He sighed, offering his phone to Dean, “Can you take it?”
At first, they danced like two middle schoolers who had to keep enough space between them for Jesus, until Cas got brave and pulled Dean flush against him.
“On your stomach.”
“Mrs. Novak, this looks delicious.”
Before he could finish his sentence, Meg’s mouth was on his. It felt too harsh, but her lips were soft. She tasted like whatever was in her cup. Tequila, Cas suspected. As Meg pulled away, her lipstick smeared against Cas’s lips.
“Too late!” Cas leaned over and snapped a selfie. It was a little blurry, but he was smiling wide, and Dean was serving a serious death glare. It was perfect.
“What kind of name is Crowley anyway? Were his parents Satan worshipers or something?” Cas asked, as he and Dean made their way to the food hall.
“Fine. But can you at least apply for a cool job? One that might get your BFF a sweet discount?”
“Dad! Stop!”
Perfect! Cas leapt from the bed and over to his closet, thanking the Lord for a new task to focus on. He searched through his pants, finding a pair that he thought would actually fit Dean.
The mood in the room shifts, but not in the way Cas expects it to.
“Anything for your better half?” Captain Garth asked, turning his attention to Cas.
After Cas finished his Sophomore year of college, and had been on testosterone for one full year, he went home for summer vacation. It was bittersweet because he was excited to be done with school, but he wasn’t looking forward to being back home with his family. They liked to pretend that things hadn’t changed, and Cas tried to keep the peace, but constantly having to put on an act was taxing. He just wanted to be himself.
“So, what do you want to do now?” Dean asked.
“My dad let me know early on that whatever
“The world has seen so much pain, Dean. Why add to that? Haven’t we suffered enough?” He rests his forehead against Dean’s. “I’m asking you to choose this. Choose happiness, and hope. Choose to stay. Please.”
“I know you’re busy enjoying your nap over there,” Dean joked, “but uh, I meant it when I said I wasn’t going to miss Dodge City. So you better get your ass up soon because I’m not going if you’re not going. It wouldn’t be the same without you.”
The photo is kind of faded, taken on a Polaroid years ago, but Mary’s smile is still bright as ever. Her engagement ring caught a glint of the sun, and it flared. But honestly, it just made her look even more beautiful.
Cas was hesitant, never having played the game before. He had seen others play, but theory was different than practice. Then Cas saw the excited glint in Dean’s eyes and decided to go for it. Worse case scenario- he got drunk with his best friend.
Dean kneeled down, pulling a small black box from his pocket. He was shaking so bad, he almost dropped it.
Cas’s words made Dean’s heart jump, but he didn’t let the feeling simmer long.
“In addition to focusing on the romantic implications of the song, which I mean wholeheartedly by the way, I just want you to know that I am also choosing to focus on that one time you ran a red light on our way back from the store because you were so focused on waiting for the “... bum- AND I!” Which you then continued to sing, with no regard for my well being at all, while I screamed in the passenger's seat.”
The next morning, Dean was yet again whipping up a stack of chocolate chip pancakes when Cas entered the room. His heart skipped a beat, and he froze in anticipation.
Dean runs his thumb over Cas’s cheek, trying to feel connected, like maybe that touch would ground him and it would make the decision easier. If anything, it makes it harder. He likes Cas, and he didn’t really even want to leave that morning, but he knew there was no future between them. He’d be off to the moon in a week or two, no sense in stringing along an amazing man just to break his heart. But then again, here he is, breaking his heart. And here Cas is, begging him to stay.
Cas trailed his hand from Dean’s cheek, down his arm, to his hand.
“Do you want some help?”
“Pinky promise.”
Dean almost says yes, because he’s never felt anything like this before in his life. It’s intoxicating, being around Cas. Feeling like he’s important to someone. But he knows there’s a bigger picture to focus on. It’s about more than just him.
After the empty took him, Cas only remembered darkness. He wasn’t even sure how long he had been there before a blast of light filled the void. There was a loud ring, a screeching almost, and Cas felt himself being lifted.
They spent the day riding as many of the rides as they could. There were two that Dean was too tall to ride. He was mad, because they tell you how tall you have to be to ride it, but not how tall is too tall.
Dean shook his head, “No, that’s fine.”
“So am I, Cas. There’s nothing to talk about. I just had a bad dream. That’s it. I’ve been to hell and back, so I don’t think a nightmare is exactly out of my wheelhouse.”
He probably looked disgusting, shoveling so much food into his mouth. He could feel his stomach growing fuller, his pants tighter. Everything in him told him to stop. But that was the problem.
“Dean-”
“You mean to tell me you’re willing to miss out on a guided tour of Dodge City so you can put $20 on pump 5?” Cas stared at Dean as he finished filling out his application.
“That’s Dean. He saw a shot and he took it. He cares about us. About keeping us safe. About keeping the world safe. That’s what he does.”
“Good morning, indeed.”
“Do you want to go back to my place?” Dean asked.
He pushed the toothbrush to the back of his mouth, triggering his gag reflex and suddenly up came the food. The sound of it was wretched, the smell was vile, but hell if Dean didn’t feel the weight being lifted off his shoulders. He repeated the action, again and again, his muscles contracted to spew the sin from his body.
It didn’t even take Dean a full second to point his finger at the neon green monkey, just as Cas expected. The game runner pulled it down with a metal hook, and handed it to Dean, who hugged it close to his chest.
“Good morning, my love.” Cas yawned, hair mussed, stretching his arms up to the ceiling.
This was Cas’s last chance to back out. He could come up with some elaborate lie on the spot to explain everything away. He could sprint back to the car and hopefully never have to mention this ever again. But instead, he decided to get everything off his chest.
“You’ve got a little beer belly.” Cas said, giving Dean’s tummy a squeeze. “But from what I hear, Dad bods are in right now.”
Dean hangs up the phone and heads home to his little apartment across the street. He opens the door, and can smell something delicious cooking.
Dean lowered his head, not wanting to look Cas in the eye. He was embarrassed. He was ashamed.
“You know, drug stores are around for a reason. You can use them. God was very adamant about the work of doctors.”
Dean closed his eyes and thought about what he wanted. In the moment before he blew out the candles, he could almost imagine it, a normal life, a happy family, but much like the smoke drifting into the air as Dean opened his eyes, that fantasy was fragile and fleeting.
Cas laughed, stepping into the room, and shutting the door behind him. He walked over and sat on the edge of Dean’s bed.
“Get wrecked, losers!” Charlie shouted, with her finger and her thumb in the shape of an “L” on her forehead. She high fived Dorothy and gave her a quick celebratory kiss as Dean mumbled obscenities under his breath.
