“We didn’t know about what had happened at Barts, me and several henchmen involved. Sherlock had jumped off the roof, everything went on as planned. I was to take John Watson’s place after Sherlock’s death and approach Sherlock’s brother. Grief makes even most cautious people careless, vulnerable, easy to manipulate. Mycroft Holmes…he could be of some interest to Jim. And it all went perfectly well. John didn’t even resist much, in the state he was after the funeral. Jim’s men took him away, and I became him. But then it turned out there was no Jim anymore. And what was I supposed to do? He never thought of us, mere mortals. He never thought of me.” He flails a hand in desperation. A gesture so familiar. Did it belong to him or the real John Watson?
“Basically your ‘plan’ is just to sit there solving crimes like you always do,” John says sarcastically, and maybe just a little bit nervously.
Unsurprisingly, Mycroft waits there, sitting in an enormous leather armchair in an immaculate three-piece suit with a double pocket watch chain. John can’t help but chuckle at the expression of mortified dismay on Sherlock’s face. Sherlock might claim that he doesn’t mind whatever people think of him, but it’s not entirely true. Or maybe he hadn’t meant situations like this.
“…and one day he asked me to get acquainted with someone who was of interest to him. To keep an eye on that man. Nothing more.” Her voice hitches a bit when she says, “It was you.”
Sherlock stares at the ceiling. It takes a few seconds before he says, “If you feel like reconsidering, it’s for you to decide, isn’t it?” His voice sounds distant and formal. “Is it because someone else had intercourse with me, and I didn’t dislike it? Should I have struggled? Should I have begged you to stop it? Is that what I was supposed to do? You said you were fine with me being…a slut. Was it a test of some kind?”
According to Sherlock, he’d always been like that, a kind doctor and a ruthless soldier, but Mary suspects Sherlock is an unreliable source of information at the moment. After what he’d been through while on his own—she doesn’t know any details, but it doesn’t take a genius to guess—he’s in pretty bad shape. He’s trying his best to act like nothing has happened, but all the times he suddenly freezes in place or starts talking in an overly cheerful manner or speaks to people who are not there at all… She has seen it too many times in those who are damaged and deny it.
John slides back and forth, watching his cock piston in and out of Sherlock’s dilated hole. His pubes must feel ticklish against Sherlock’s perineum. An amusing thought.
He proudly looks at Anthea, on all fours at his feet, as naked as John, except for a soft leather collar decorated with studs and a silver engraved nameplate.
Sherlock once said, “I love the brilliant ones—so desperate to get caught.” John totally agrees, at least when it comes to one brilliant person in particular.
Soon Sherlock, pressed into the mattress, is freed from his clothes entirely. It takes some effort to take his shirt off because he’s still trying to worm out, and Sholto gets kicked in the shin while fumbling with Sherlock’s shoes, which doesn’t improve his mood in the slightest.
Or more exactly, what he shouldn’t have. Remorse keeps scratching his mind from the inside like sandpaper.
There’s a thing that bothers her, though. Why is John so sullen? He’s been smiling and acting nice, but now that they are on their own, he’s visibly deflated. Is it because of Sherlock?
If John hits him, it’s all right. He’s entitled. Sherlock knows he let John down, horribly, and no explanation will ever fix it. Whatever comes next—he deserves it.
John gives Sherlock a light push between his shoulder blades, and Sherlock hastily drops to all fours, grasping the silent command at once.
“Because the real John is alive, and Sherlock would want him back. Sherlock is lost without him, and you’re just…sorry, but you’re just a substitute Mycroft tolerates for Sherlock’s sake. We’ll promise to find out where they keep their hostage. That woman, Moriarty’s partner, will surely contact you again. You’ll let yourself fall into her trap and I’ll back you up, but she shouldn’t consider me a threat. Besides, we should get Rosie out of it before all hell breaks loose. I’m sure Mycroft will agree to support us, he’s not too fastidious. I’ve got a plan. We’ll make the best out of what we have. That old story with the secret-selling mole could be of use.”
Meanwhile, John complains to Sholto, “You can’t even imagine the trouble it took me to persuade him he needs a respite from work.”
to want. Something ordinary. Nice. Like that girl on the bus. And with me…you can have what you need. Go back to normal now and then. Look for a romantic entanglement, as you call it. Flirting, dating, having dinners with women. As if it would miraculously fix you and stop you from craving what you think is indecent—dark things, dirty things, things you’d rather not talk about. And meanwhile, I’ll be waiting. That’s what I do. I wait. I never asked you for anything.” He pauses, plucking at the hem of the sheet, then finally looks up. “But I want to ask you this, now. Don’t try to fix me, too, by setting me up with someone else who might want me. Do you think The Woman might be my back-up plan? I never had a back-up plan. Unlike you.”
But there’s a distinct possibility it would only scare him off. So it’s better not to take that risk.
It’s important to focus on something else. A new case. Anything. But these words keep piercing Sherlock’s mind like needles.
He carefully adjusts the mouth gag and laces up the back of the hood. Then he threads the removable blindfold strap through the hood’s buckles and gives it a snug pull, so that it completely blocks Sherlock’s vision. The soft leather is pleasant to the touch.
Is there shuffling of feet? A crowd gathering around? An insidious doubt grows stronger. No, it’s not John. Someone else. This someone tugs at the base of the butt plug and starts easing it out. Its widest point passes his sphincter agonisingly slow, making Sherlock squirm a little and huff into the hood, and when the thing is finally gone, his empty hole twitches of its own accord, cowardly, dreading some new abuse.
Sherlock grabs at Smith’s arm and flails weakly with his other hand, trying to get free from Smith’s hold, but his struggles become less and less vigorous, and Smith keeps whispering, his crooked teeth bared, “Maintain eye contact. Maintain eye contact. I like to watch it happen.”
“Three bloody years… How could you do this to me? I thought you’d got rid of… yeah, how very practical of you.”
“For god’s sake, what should I have said? Should I have begged you to stay? Please, John, or Seb, or whoever you are, don’t go because you’re the love of my life?”
“We could continue,” Sherlock suggests. He sounds almost pleading. “You could still do what you wanted. I won’t cause trouble anymore, promise. I’m fine now. There’s nothing wrong with me. Just a momentary lapse.”
John won’t tell him, but that was rather the point. What if something went wrong and Sherlock really couldn’t call for help? Yet everyone’s a critic.
It’s not like Sherlock will have many opportunities to be naughty, locked up in the cage, but John very much looks forward to finding out any signs of disobedience. It’ll be more fun.
He also enjoys lathering Sherlock up in the shower, toweling him down, having a feel all over him through the plush terrycloth, and then putting him to bed.
“No!” John protests fervently. “No, I didn’t mean it this way. It’s just… It’s not about you, it’s about me. How can I still be your friend, with everything I do to you?”
Maybe John would be able to read between the lines. (Come back. Come back now. If inconvenient, come anyway. I’m lost without my blogger.
“That’s a good boy. Just one more touch, then. I want you to see how good you look when you’re submissive and compliant. When you relax and just take it up your arse instead of being resistant.”
Mrs Hudson has confiscated the handcuffs from the salad drawer, but that’s okay. Sherlock is so hungry for attention that he is likely to endure anything without restraints. Anything at all.
“Me? Yeah. Fine. Absolutely fine. Why wouldn’t I be?” Sherlock murmurs automatically, pacing around the tiny hall, as if at a loss what to do with himself now. “I’m always fine. I’m known to be indestructible.”
John really wants to make sure Sherlock is all right. But to be honest—and John always prefers to be honest at least with himself—he also very much hopes for more sex. If he had Sherlock all for himself, it could be very, very nice.
John pointedly looks under Sherlock’s belly, at his unflagging—and unattended—erection. Sherlock’s hands are free; he can’t reach behind himself to unbuckle the leather bindings, but he could touch himself. Yet he doesn’t. He knows that it’s for John to decide when he’s allowed to come. Definitely not when someone else’s cock is inside him.
When they help Sherlock up, he staggers and bites back a groan. He’s far from being crippled, or even badly damaged, but he’ll be unable to walk normally for the next half an hour or so. It’s very fortunate that he doesn’t have to.
They lie tightly wedged together, Sherlock’s head on John’s shoulder, and it’s such a familiar feeling that it’s almost heart-wrenching.
He scratches the sole of Sherlock’s foot, and Sherlock jerks in his bonds, hard. They hold of course.
In his obscenely tight shirt and jeans, Sherlock looks like a slut desperate for a shag. Without them, he’s touchingly vulnerable, like a nervous virgin, which is even more arousing. John is glad he satisfied his carnal needs to some degree before coming here, or he’d make Sherlock bend over the nearest upholstered ottoman right now.
Sherlock winces, like John has made an insipid joke. “I know it’s unlikely. I prefer being realistic. This doesn’t mean I have to behave the way you do and think myself lucky to have a respite. I’d rather you order me not to contact her ever again.” He looks almost hopeful when he says, “You could punish me for texting her.”
John runs a hand through his hair. “Oh Sherlock, you’ve been doing really well. But now you’re spoiling the fun. And what for? With us, you don’t have to resist and defy your needs, to lie to yourself, just because you think it’s inappropriate to want something. Like relief after you’ve been thoroughly fucked. You want to come, don’t you? So why pretend you’re above that? Why rob yourself of pleasure, huh?”
And that’s…partly true. They were on and off. No strings attached. John made no secret of his occasional dates, and Sherlock never said anything, not to John. He never held back his quick-fire snide remarks whenever John’s girlfriends came by, but on the other hand, he’d never been known for being delicate, so it might have been accidental. John admits he’s never been delicate either, in his deeds rather than words. Maybe not deliberately either because Sherlock seemed to be fine with it.
“John?” Sherlock calls again from the bedroom. He sounds impatient and a bit perplexed. He’s used to being pampered and soothed after intense scenes. He doesn’t like being left alone.
It’s strange to see Inspector Lestrade standing in the hall, all casual, hands in his trouser pockets. A familiar figure on a new stage. Behind his back, there’s a lovely view of the garden through the glass door. It’s actually a nice place, this cottage. Perfect for a retired ex-military man, very peaceful. One would never think of a makeshift dungeon down in the cellar. Hopefully.
“Mr Holmes sounds so formal,” John says. “I think I like Sherlock better. It’s unusual. Could be a girl’s name, right, fellas?”
Only John is allowed to take Sherlock without a condom, and now he does just that—forces his swelling cock into Sherlock’s warm, pulsing passage. The sphincter might be dilated, but John’s so well hung that when he slams all the way in, Sherlock certainly feels how much more he’s stretched. It makes him groan, full voice now. “Oh, John… Oh…”
There’s an abrasion on his cheekbone and a smudge of someone else’s blood on his sleeve. He practically reeks of adrenaline, and that’s how she likes him.
The pyjamas join the t-shirt. Sherlock just stands there, naked, swaying a little, with an incongruous half-smile, as if he suspects it’s a joke, until John leads him to the metal-and-leather frame and makes him bend over it, so that the larger hoop goes under his belly for support, and the other one under his armpits. It takes some pushing and pulling for Sherlock to assume the correct position.
“Besides,” she says more softly, “don’t you feel sorry for him, just a little? I mean Sherlock, not Mycroft, god forbid. He is the cleverest man in the world, but he’s human, he’s not a monster.”
John crouches down beside him, wipes his tears, ruffles his hair. “Tough, was it? But it’s all over now. You did well.”
John chuckles, out of place, simply because he feels uneasy. “That very much depends on your definition of romantic. As for entanglement, I think it’s pretty much what we have.”
With that, he leaves, looking very smug. Anthea obediently crawls by his side, not a step ahead or behind him. She’s well schooled indeed.
Sherlock looks Lestrade up and down nonchalantly. “No helicopter? No special forces storming the house? I’m disappointed. Does Mycroft think my handler will be enough to single-handedly take out John’s friends if I’m in danger from them? Or are you here just to spy on me?”
John was vague about his plans, and much of the kidnapping scenario surely was a surprise for Sherlock, but probably not all of it. The hints John dropped must have given him a general idea, or he would have been more reluctant about leaving London.
. He’ll be dead like Mary. Free to escape. They’ll need to extract Rosie of course, but that could be managed.
They stand under the trees, hidden in the darkness, but close enough to have heard what Sherlock muttered, gesturing madly among the fake graves.
“Fibbing, Sherlock. I’m not John. I can tell when you’re fibbing. Of course you were terrified. Did John whip your little arse well enough for you to learn your lesson? Lower your pants and bend over the bonnet. I want to take a look at your behind.”
Despite being naked, a little unsteady on his feet, and undoubtedly anxious about his foreseeable future, Sherlock walks under their guard with his head high, like a proud monarch held captive by common soldiers. He should be wearing a crown.
It feels a bit sad, and John doesn’t want to give Sherlock time to think about it. So he comes to the bedroom and slips under the duvet. Sherlock immediately nestles up to his side and swings an arm over his hip, getting comfortable.
John smiles most nicely. “You might consider yourself whatever you want. Not gay. Too proud to fuck with mere mortals. The thing is, it doesn’t matter. Not to us. We’ll just have you in the arse, and maybe your mouth too, that’s all. It’s up to you if you enjoy it or not. Though I think you’ll enjoy yourself very much. You look like you’re gagging for real men’s attention. Such a tight shirt, such fitted trousers... You present yourself very much like a snugly wrapped prize to be won and unpacked.”
“Wanna come too?” Murray taunts him. “You have to earn it first. Can we flip him over, John? I want to take him from behind.”
“Filthy? Yes, you are,” John confirms cheerfully. “Still covered in my come. Still very tender, I believe, after what I’ve done to you.”
“That was actually brilliant, escaping from a locked cage. A very impressive entrance,” Bill says, and it’s funny how Sherlock brightens up. So predictable.
“Kneel,” he orders harshly. He considers pouring himself a drink, like Mycroft, but decides against it. It’s better to be sober, or he might get too carried away.
Sherlock waves at him dismissively. “The others could help you with that. And we’ll all happily return to our own business.”
“God, he’s tight,” Murray sighs out blissfully when he’s all the way in. “Just… just the right kind of tight.”
Of course, John is a bit disappointed with having had to stop their play so soon. His plans regarding Sherlock’s private parts had been too elaborate and well thought out not to regret the interruption; there’s a whole bag of gear he’d wanted to try, including anal beads of impressive size. He can still make use of them, but it will be less fun.
Now John wishes it all had lasted longer. If he hadn't been so impatient to come, he could have kept Sherlock enslaved, owned, impaled on his fist, unable to escape—for as long as he wanted. He could have made Sherlock rub himself again and again, until he was raw and spent. Maybe next time…
Finally, John undoes the straps, helps Sherlock to get up, and they slowly make their way upstairs. John continues to whisper soothing things, and Sherlock clings to him, naked, shivering, sticky with sweat and semen, both his and John’s. He’s so touchingly vulnerable like this. John likes it.
“Everything’s a trade-off,” Lyons laughed. “Is he here? I haven’t seen anyone from the city in years.”
“Because that’s where the handoff of the bribe will take place, if there is such a thing. Which,” said Sherlock, tracking Jaren with his eyes, “Is something I’m starting to doubt.”
“She began to work at the school in my second year. She was a home girl but the family was unkind. Mycroft brought her to the school, actually.” His face twisted in puzzlement.  “Why do I remember this, but nothing else?”
John could deny himself no more. He snapped the buttons on his jeans, freeing his cock to the cool, semen-scented air. He stroked once, then placed his hand on the wall for support, but before he could continue, Sherlock turned and took him in his mouth. Then, it was only a brief minute before John’s orgasm hit him, and Sherlock clung to him as he shuddered.
He watched Sherlock flip their omelettes onto plates. One of them was broken into tiny bits; Sherlock covered it with a piece of bread and handed John the unbroken one.
Sherlock knew with every fiber of his being that what was in the woods was dangerous, and dangerous in some way that went beyond the native conditions. And yet, he stayed in the clearing, in the pitch dark, with both horses untethered, because John’s breathing had changed, and that change was the most important thing in the world.
“John!” Sherlock yelled, but he could stop nothing. He felt the burst of air as the moose ran past him, now bent on John. What had he done? Perhaps Mycroft was right and he did always cause trouble; if the moose trampled John Watson, it would be Sherlock’s fault.
They crawled around along the edge of the wood for some time. Then, Sherlock gave a great shout; when John got to him, he was pointing ecstatically at the bole of a slim poplar.
His body vibrated at the thought. He bit his lip. He would not force John to treat him; he would not be Harry to John’s Frank. He would master his body; he did not need to bow to its impulses, hysterical or otherwise. He was strong enough to return his body to its normal, brilliant state without troubling John. Besides, Mycroft could not be proven right.
The song for this chapter is the Barenaked Ladies’ cover of “Lovers in a Dangerous Time” and I have been listening to it on loop for about a year. I mean, I knew it before that because I am Canadian and they were big when I was in undergrad, but something about the arrangement struck me as perfect for this chapter.
It was unsuccessful. He shifted his position, biting his lip as his cock pressed awkwardly against the fabric of his drawers.
“Well then,” said Mrs. Hudson, “If it isn’t Sherlock Holmes! Of all people, hidden away in the backwoods! Here I was worried that you were some stranger that was going to murder John!”
Sherlock didn’t slow, however. Clara was still within reach and he would catch her if she didn’t put on a sudden burst of speed. He leaped the potato patch, but his jump startled her as well, and she tore back towards the shanty, eyes rolling and little tail flying. In a split second, Sherlock made the decision to follow. Harry would have to concede if Clara was returned to the barn.
He also watched Sherlock incessantly. Right now, in fact, Sherlock was crouched at the edge of the pond, letting Harry nibble his shirt and Clara nibble his ear. He was stroking Clara’s neck, his hands almost dwarfing her. His face was open and happy.
“Would you…I mean, d’you mind, going in and starting the fire? I wouldn’t ask, but the animals are hungry and cold themselves. Not,” he added, seeing Arthur and Idiot Horse coming around the barn, “that some of them don’t deserve to be.”
“None of your lip,” John growled, and Sherlock’s arse quivered. John dipped his left hand into the beaver grease and laid his right on Sherlock’s lower back. To his credit, Sherlock did not flinch, but John’s cock gave a jump that he was pretty sure Sherlock had felt.
“Obviously. Harry can’t talk.” Sherlock knew he was now at a delicate point in their negotiations. “There has to be some kind of compromise.” His voice barely wavered, he thought proudly.
“I know,” Sherlock said. John gaped. “And I care for you. Yet it appears our desires are incompatible—I wish to care for you by becoming lovers; you wish to care for me by protecting me from yourself. Which is rather a cowardly way of doing things, not to mention rather unflattering to me.”
“Like geese, you mate for life.” Sherlock scribbled something else on his ever-present paper; John was grateful that he did not pursue the subject. “Most interesting. How, then, would you rate the bond between your pair of geese? High? Casual?”
Still, visits with his neighbours were sometimes unavoidable, given the barter system that had evolved between them. It began as a matter of necessity:  neither he nor Greg Lestrade had wives, and Mrs. Hudson and the widow Donovan shared a fairly unreliable hired man. John and Lestrade cut wood and helped harvest the women’s crops, and in return, Mrs. Hudson made their clothes and the widow Donovan provided them with butter, cheese, and preserves. It wasn’t that John disliked any of them, exactly, but he rarely felt inclined to seek out their company outside of their fairly regular business transactions.
John was already stiff in his drawers—typical morning distension—but he became even more so as the sheer sensuality of his position became clear to him. They were in contact from head to toe, Sherlock’s large, warm, naked body burning against the skin of John’s back and thighs. His hand shifted to hang softly against John’s knee, elbow uncomfortably close to the tent in John’s rough linen drawers. John shivered with the strength of his desire.
When he had warmed himself, he sat down to add his observations to the already complex table in his notebook. John’s words and physiological symptoms were easy enough to note, but they did not, he thought with dissatisfaction, convey the full effect of the moment. How, though, to factually render what he had felt when John pleaded with him, or when that iron grip had seized him? Surely it was sentiment, rather than data? After some thought, he laid his pen down. The table would have to suffice.
“Think you’ll find anything?” John asked. His back was ramrod-straight. It changed him, Sherlock thought, momentarily distracted. He was always dignified, but this military bearing, purposely forgotten habit though it was, gave him an extra layer of gravitas (no mean feat, as Idiot Horse was currently nibbling at the pockets of his linen trousers for bannock crumbs) that quite took Sherlock’s breath away.
“Sherlock, the terms are different. With a sexual relationship, there are variables that don’t exist in medical treatment. Consent means different things.”
“There’s a job well done,” John was saying. He was turning around. He would know. “What do you think of…Sherlock?”
Because it was all clear to him now: pelvic massage was no treatment at all, but rather a sexual act performed in guise of medicine. Treating Sherlock would mean touching to please, not to cure—and John could not allow such a thing, either as doctor or man. Though Sherlock’s suffering was real, heaven knew, John would not, he vowed, lay a hand on Sherlock Holmes.
“That seems terrifying.” Truth be told, John was curious as to how Mycroft had directed a school, but he let it lie.
John enjoys watching him eat much more than he’s ever enjoyed any meal. Guglielmo has never tasted baked eggplant so good. He dips bread in the rich oil and licks his lips.
I cannot adequately explain to you just what a mature billy goat smells like. The closest I can get is that it is oily and pungent, and penetrates every pore you have, whether you touch the goat or not. Also, goat balls are enormous…like, mango enormous.
Sherlock stared at John’s back as they made their way through the damp spring forest. He tried to read the set of John’s shoulders for deception or dissimulation, but there was none. All their interactions had been scrupulously honest, reflective of John himself. Something unspoken, yes, but it was deeply personal, unrelated to Sherlock. What had happened in Agra—before Agra, even? Sherlock felt the desire for knowledge, for facts, for data, gnaw at him. He resolved to have a second look at the letters John kept hidden in his trunk; they had not revealed anything he had not already known, but perhaps with the fragment more he had learned at the fire, he would be able to glean something new.
His thoughts were disrupted by Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath. Immediately, a charge of adrenaline animated him and he reached for the rifle slung across his back. He was just about to cock the hammer when he saw the object of Sherlock’s attention: a dead squirrel lying on the path.
They had soup for lunch, and Sherlock sucked John’s cock for three minutes in the bathroom, after. John had trouble walking back to the truck.
A crack of branches somewhere behind him told him that he perhaps should draw his examinations to a speedy conclusion. Damnation! He stood, reluctantly, prepared to abandon his excursion—for his ankle ached and he was sick to the teeth of being damp already. He had no sooner turned towards the farm clearing, though, when he heard another, closer crash, and a snorting sound. Bears! He thought, and began to walk faster, but then the crash was louder than a bear might be. He snuck a look back and was horrified at what he saw: a moose, a female moose, quite clearly the mother of the twins, bearing down upon him.
Relief enveloped him. His body had not betrayed him, it had saved him. There had been some slight delay due to new stimuli, perhaps, but that was understandable.
A splash told him that Sherlock was now in the water, and indeed, as he turned, he saw his white shape gliding towards him underwater. He seemed impossibly long and fast, a mysterious water creature.
“A job well done,” the elder Dimmock answered, coming up behind Joe and clapping him on the shoulder. “We ought to thank God for the help.”
“We…we…had one night together. Sholto, and Mary, and me. Mary suggested it—she knew things, and she knew about…me, and him, and she made it happen. It was perfect then, but it was about more than fucking, in the end.”
In fact, John was holding it all inside him. Boys did not cry, especially boys that were almost thirteen, and even though his father lay dead before him John would not break. The Lestrades were watching; he knew that his behaviour today would determine his future, and he would not have his beloved father shamed by it.  He stood straighter, and hoped the line would end soon.
After all, he had resolved not to think about the impending arrival of his would-be patient. The fence adjoining the barn had sustained a greater than usual amount of damage in the last big storm, and Harry, followed by Clara, had been roaming at will, which was dangerous not only for the hardy pea shoots and onion sets in the kitchen garden, but also for John's clothes, both in and out of the house.
The next step, then. Replacing his hand on Sherlock’s lower back, John crooked his finger down and located the prostate.
Sherlock himself felt rather mixed up. He had no precedent by which to judge John’s actions, and he felt that his wish to ascribe them to personal liking of himself was unscientific. It was tempting, though; the exhilaration in John’s face was contagious, and there was a slight edge to his expression that roused Sherlock’s blood.
Thanks once again to girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has done her best to limit my lack of clarity and deserves all the thank-yous. All remaining idiocies are mine.
I think that’s it! Let me know if you have any questions or comments, or if you see any typos. Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
“Are you taking my name in vain?” came a gentle, laughing voice. A slender woman, with dark hair and black eyes came into the kitchen, her apron laden with eggs. She was about to say something else when she caught sight of Sherlock and shut it again. Her face closed in on itself and she took a half-step backwards.
The final strokes were gentle; even though he could barely master his own body, John didn’t want to pull out, but Sherlock was as limp as a kitten. He needed to be in bed.
“Look,” John said, “D’you want to have a bonfire tonight? That pile of stumps and roots in the south field is nearly dry, and no bear’ll come near us if we have a fire going.”
No response. John set the tea to steep and, since he’d only found two eggs, fished around in the barrel for salt pork. Even he, who didn’t care what he ate, was tired of it. Maybe he’d have to break down and butcher a chicken—the brown hen hadn’t been laying much, and though she might start, it might do them both good to eat something that hadn’t been brined to within an inch of its life.
Sherlock launched himself into the tale, and told it with verve. John found the conversation with the moose especially hilarious.
Honestly I have no idea whether giving hens hot food in summer makes them lay more. We used to feed our hens chicken food and compost and nothing more. They still laid plenty of eggs. If any poultry experts want to weigh in below, though, I’m interested.
“You didn’t like the way the army treated the whores.” It was as clear to Sherlock as if John had said it.
“We fell in love and married immediately. She wasn’t very domestic, so we made do on that front, but she was passionate, and so alive. And it gave me something to do,” he finished, with a self-conscious laugh.
Then, Sherlock halted suddenly, and John, being rather closer than he should have been, bumped into him.
"I can," Holmes's eyes flashed in the fading light. "You stand with military bearing and your accent isn't Canadian, so service, but British service. You've got that scar on your shoulder, so wounded in action, and while there are many places to be wounded in action right now, only two types of regiments wear boots like the ones you have, and those are stationed in Afghanistan and India. And I
"I'll have to turn in," he said, stretching. His shoulder pained him, with all the shoveling, though he knew he would have to do more tomorrow.
“This year. But what about the years to come? It’s all very well now, but we’ll bugger it up somehow, Sherlock, and then what?”
Sherlock’s cock twitched under John’s hand, and Sherlock pushed him away, though without real anger.
"I’ll come straight back. I’d still rather not travel in the dark. That’s a generous offer, though.”
“Don’t be too quick to throw family away, John. There may be very good things for you there. In fact,” Douglas paused, coughing so hard his thin body shook and trembled, “I will write to them now, if you like, so you can meet them before I’m gone.”
John slammed the door of his truck and clomped his way up the steps of 221 B Avenue, Baker, Ontario. Or rather, he tried to. Two feet of heavy snow covered the steps; the only tracks out were his own.
I have to thank my beta, doctornerdington, for whipping this chapter into shape. However, because I am a garbage person with no respect for deadlines, she had a very short time to see the final iteration. Please don’t blame her for my constitutional inability to a) write consistently and b) overuse semicolons.
“Pelvic massage isn’t a treatment. It’s… a sexual act. It’s something lovers do. I don’t…I can’t, with you. It would be wrong-unethical.”
“Good night, John,” he said, stiffly. John was standing there looking at him, his hand small on his valise, waiting for him to leave. “Breakfast at seven o’clock.”
I mean, prostate milking is fun, yes. The idea of seminal discharge taking away from other systems is a Victorian one, true. BUT DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME OMG.
He looked towards the barn. Sherlock was still standing watch, wedged in the doorway in case Harry should try to escape once more. His face was cast in shadow, and yet John felt as though he could trace every feature.
Sherlock won, and as they drank their coffee actually in a Tim Horton’s this time (Sherlock felt that moose drool was not the best product for his curls), John dragged him into a single-stall bathroom and proceeded to suck his nipples for the full three minutes.
"Well, you'll have to stay here until it stops blowing, anyhow. Get that tea inside you while I read it, and then we'll have a game of checkers."
“How could I have possibly known?” He actually looked wounded, John saw. “The feather was curved up like a moulted feather; presumably it would have fallen off within hours.”
Sherlock was not so lost in the music that he did not see the conversation, nor see John reaching for the rum once again, his anger plainly stamped on his face. But he didn’t stop fiddling, and soon John’s glass was empty and he was rising to dance with Sarah. Sherlock raised the tempo, and then everyone was dancing a mad reel, whirling in the firelight.  Sherlock’s only regret was that he could not dance and fiddle at once; it was a heady feeling, calling the tune for all these people, but he would have liked to abandon himself to movement, perhaps even cling to John as Sarah was clinging to Soo-Lin as they passed, or kiss, as Sally was kissing…Stamford? He filed that away for future reference.
John would refuse, of course. He was too haunted by his past experience and too hagridden by his present scruples to allow any kind of congress.
The world seemed to echo the truth of this sentiment; June that year was especially beautiful: warm and sunny, with the right balance of rain. The crops grew and flourished. For John and Sherlock, the month was coloured by a deep companionship that neither of them had ever before experienced, but always desired. They were united in their search for the mysterious meat-eating bear; every day that John could spare from his work saw them roaming widely through the woods, carefully scrutinizing each track and trail. And yet, these were not grim excursions. Each expedition rang with laughter, jesting insults, and camaraderie. Sherlock, his scientific enquiry in full flower, was in a frenzy of cataloguing edible and medicinal plants. John, who had known his farm well before, relearned it and cherished it.
"My heart is whole and my peace of mind is entirely undisturbed," Sherlock said. He kissed the soft space at the join of arm and chest. "Go to sleep, John."
“You don’t know where?”“It doesn’t matter where. I had all I could do to keep people from bothering me.”
“Perhaps I will,” he said, looking uneasily over his shoulder. Arthur whickered again: definitely menacing. Why did horses have to be so bloody opinionated? He looked at his own horse—or rather the horse that Mycroft had selected for him for the journey. She too was looking at him, although her gaze was one of mild amusement. Score one for Mycroft, he supposed, for giving him an idiot horse.
“Letters?” he said, and the boy, his face impassive, emptied his pockets. Something for John from England—that was rare—and a bill from Angelo’s, and…
John’s feet were the first part of his body to make contact. Sherlock’s calves were icy; he twined his feet around them. Then, the midsection; John recited his Hippocratic oath as he made contact with that glorious arse. He threw his arm around Sherlock’s torso and, turning his head, pressed his cheek against Sherlock’s nape. Lord, but the man was inhumanly cold; it was as though he was carved out of marble. John chafed his shoulders and torso, willing him to respond.
, Sherlock.” John said. He took a piece of toast and dipped it into the bowl. It was too hot on his lips, but so rich and delicious he ate it anyway.
“Notching” is cutting a bed in the log so that the two logs will rest together. It’s not a sex thing. (IT COULD TOTALLY BE A SEX THING.)
"You don't need to know." John licked Sherlock's ear. "It just is, sometimes. Does your thirst for scientific inquiry never stop?"
Sherlock, his eyes wild, nodded crisply, almost in a soldierly way, and, with one last blow to the bear's arse, dropped the axe and ran.
It was quite infuriating, but there was something, something on the edge of his consciousness that nagged at him.
When he woke up, Sherlock was standing there, fully dressed, with two Roll Up the Rim cups in his hands. John pulled the covers back over his head in the hopes that he was hallucinating, but when he peeped back out he was not.
There, however, he ran into greater trouble; the ground was wet still, and his plough stuck fast. Encourage the oxen as he might, swear at the mud as he did, nothing would move it--he would have to dig it out, and quickly, if he wanted to sow his wheat in time. It was the only cash crop he grew, and he needed a large yield if he hoped to free himself from the clutches of Mycroft Holmes as quickly as possible.
“By the birches,” Sherlock whispered, but even though John strained his eyes he could not see anything. He shouldered his rifle.
Sherlock himself had been surprised, when he left the cabin, to see the sun so high in the sky. He could still make the rounds of the property—-it had been no trouble to discover John Watson’s deed of sale, with the coordinates of the land, in a metal box under the so-called bed—-but he would have to walk briskly and be at his sharpest. Thankfully, the cheap swill John called tea did not lack in stimulation; his heart raced as he swung his collecting box over his shoulder and stuffed a notebook into his coat. Upon reflection, he wrapped a chunk of bread in a spoiled sheet and added it to his pockets. He wouldn’t have to eat it—he’d been frankly horrified at the dense, unpalatable nature of that common item—but at least he’d avoid being harassed about his food intake. He was beginning to suspect that John, despite his very sensible suspicions about Mycroft, would take the role as protector seriously, and that included eating.
“She does. Can’t stand to have him touch Clara. But her body needs his, and she knows it. Oh yes,” Mrs. Hudson practically twinkled, “She’s eager and angry. That’s why we need two people.”
John didn't see Holmes again until late afternoon, when the plow was rescued and Stamford had refused a drink and taken his leave. John thought he heard him say something about "impeding the narrative" as he rode out of the clearing, but it could have just been the wind.
"Very good. Now come here." John patted the space beside him. Sherlock lay his head on John's shoulder and twined their legs together. His hand still cupped John's cock, safe and warm.
"Whoa, boy." John tried to settle Arthur, but he would not take his eyes off Sherlock. Was it the coat, John wondered?
“Eggs,” Mrs. Hudson said. “And she’ll likely be back in good time, which is why I sent her and not you.”
Neither of them won, and John took a fierce pleasure in sucking just the tip of Sherlock’s cock of the dingy community hall bathroom until it wept salt tears in his mouth and Sherlock shook above him. It made the three minutes in which Sherlock pressed him against the very unsteady wall with their bare cocks slotted together almost bearable.
“Please,” John said, softly, and Sherlock increased his rhythm, grasping the hard root to better direct it. John’s hips began to rock, and Sherlock was already nearly overcome with pleasure. His own cock was rocking against John’s calf, and the heat of John’s skin and the hardness of his bones was delicious.
“Fine. I was assigned to a regiment near Agra. I had expected the army to be hard work, but it wasn’t, and I didn’t know what to do with myself. I had learned during my training that I could not permit myself to gamble; and whoring was largely out of the question.”
He had told John he felt better. In fact, “better” didn’t cover it; his whole body felt marvelous, as though he had run far and fast. He stretched into the feeling, letting any residual shame wash away. Was this what sexual congress was like? His relief after having woken up with sticky sheets was a pale shadow compared to this.
"I've got to get up... the animals are probably starving, nature calls, and honestly I'd like a dip too."
“You have a nice day, now, Doctor Watson,” said the clerk as she handed his breakfast out into the cold.
John dug his fingernails into the palm of his hand. How the hell was he ever going to last? He undid his drawers and let them drop.
“Your turn,” he said, trying but failing to give “smug” a wide berth. Sherlock took out a pocket knife and checked his.
“Come on,” John stood to go.  “I’ve got my tenth case of tonsillitis today in a few minutes. I”ll make it up to you at home.” He bent to nip Sherlock’s earlobe, worrying the soft flesh between his teeth the way he’d done with the coffee cup. Sherlock shivered.
“Soo-Lin knows full well she’s the driving force of our operation,” Sarah said airily, picking up a potato in one hand and a knife in the other.
Sherlock, meanwhile, was racing towards the runaways. As his feet sent the good dirt of the patch flying, he was calculating the number of strides it would take to catch Clara, who, already somewhat impeded by her belly, was the slower of the pair. Twins, Sherlock thought, as he put on an additional burst of speed. He was almost within arm’s reach until she capered to one side, leaping ninety degrees to the right over two rows of potatoes and landing at a run. Sherlock tore after her, cursing. He really needed more running practice and, incidentally, to measure goat land speed. Pre-and post-gravidity, if possible.
This title is barely a reject, because it makes me laugh (it’s from “Company of Fools” by Great Big Sea, which is actually the theme song of a future chapter), but I did call this chapter “Escape Goats” for a while.
“May be, may be,” Mike said. “But a meat-eating bear is no small danger, so better keep a close eye on your stock and yourselves. No going out at night for any reason.” His face was as stern as John had ever seen it, and yet there was a slight twinkle in his eye.  What the hell could he be thinking?
When John entered, Sherlock was hunched on the settle again. Without speaking, John poked up the fire and located his cleanest towel. He kept his back to Sherlock until he was able to secrete the massager under the towel on the bench.
“John.” Sherlock said, and John knew it was not the first time he had said it. “John, please.” His voice was soft and placating. John drew another breath. His fingers loosened.
“I’ve lived more in my time here than I ever did in Carleton,” Sherlock said, his fervour unfeigned.
Sherlock looked at John intently. John was used to being listened to when he did speak—by humans, that is; Harry was currently chewing his trouser pocket, though he’d told her off three times—and Sherlock was surprised at his own willingness to listen. He cleared his throat and turned his attention back to the geese.
They were halfway through enormous plates of Angelo’s meat pie when the store bell rang. Angelo leaped up and disappeared into the main area. A jovial “Doctor Mike!” echoed through the building not a second later, and shortly after, Angelo came into the kitchen with Mike in tow.
“I don’t know why you bloody have to smoke it in here?” John exclaimed one rainy afternoon. He had been mending harness when Sherlock had flung the vial of hair into the corner once again and lit up a roll of brown leaves that looked like a particularly repugnant mink dropping.
Sherlock was not certain. He felt shaky, dizzy, short of breath; his brain was not the efficient machine but rather a confused jumble of sensation.
When John came in, milk pails in hand, Sherlock was sitting in front of the pile of papers. Two cups, one full and one empty, sat beside him.
This time, Sherlock’s lower half rocked back and his torso emerged from the pile with an unpleasant squelch. He gained enough freedom to put his knee down, and John removed his hand from the fabric of Sherlock’s trousers with alacrity.
“I see.” Sherlock’s words were not comforting, but John had not expected comfort. Or a reciprocal admission, if it came to that. Though Sherlock had already made it clear that he was interested in a sexual liaison, he had stopped short of saying that he was attracted to John. The signs were there, perhaps, but John did not dare explore for fear of discovering something more powerful than his own will.
He took his first good look at the squirrel. It was a young one—very young, and small, though fully developed. It shook on the ground, and as he picked it up he saw that it had a bloody nose—not a good sign, but he said nothing. It bit at him, but its jaws could not close.
For now, though, he would exercise his own rational will and extinguish the buzz of physical need that was affecting him. He looked intently at the salt pork as he cut it, concentrating on the jiggle of fat under his right hand and the sharp smell of brine in his nostrils.
“That is the point.” Sherlock stood up and twirled around. A black string vest clung to his lean chest, and snug denim shorts stopped just shy of his arse.
To his surprise, there was a parcel for him at the post office. There was no return address, but it was heavy, and wrapped in expensive paper.
The sun was actually visible in the sky when the lake came into view. The horses picked up the pace when they smelled the water, and Sherlock’s nose twitched, assessing. John kicked Arthur into a trot, and Arthur, always ready to distance himself from Sherlock, was happy to oblige. They whisked away, leaving Sherlock and Idiot Horse ambling through the little poplars on the hill, and were down at the beach in a flash. John dismounted on the pebbly shore and led Arthur to the clear water, almost inviting even on the cool May day. Arthur stuck his face in and drank. The shadow of a cloud scudded over John’s face as he began to unload the gear, and he looked up to the west to see whether the rain clouds were coming back. Though the sky wasn’t clear, it didn’t seem likely. Good news, he mused, thinking of his wet fields.
"I see." John subsided for a moment, torn between laughter and horror. "There are two rules here, Sherlock Holmes."
Again, Sherlock could only smile. He’d been called an idiot twice in twenty-four hours, but John Watson insulted him with warmth and admiration. Really, it was impossible to be angry at someone who had assaulted a giant ungulate to protect you. It created a bond, he supposed.
Sherlock tried not to shiver. The rain had not let up, and though much of their walk had been through the forest, his coat was wet and his trousers stuck to his legs. He wished he had worn his union suit.
John took his time before coming up. He opened his eyes under water to determine Sherlock’s location. Knowing his bubbles would betray him, John held his breath until his lungs burned to maneuver himself into a position on Sherlock’s right that he knew would surprise him.
“Uncomfortable! That’s all? Is this what you mean to do all summer? Endanger my animals—the animals that I distinctly remember requesting you to
“One of the coaches contacted me. He suspects the referee for the final game has been taking bribes from the opposing team or teams.”
“Oh.” Sherlock did not quite know how to respond. He was sure there were scientific questions to ask regarding goat pair-bonds, but he could not formulate one.
The road was almost within reach, and then their feet were on it. Sherlock was nearly jumping out of his skin, but he felt John’s tension ebb slightly as they left the woods—then rise again as they approached the cabin.
“Slowly,” Sherlock replied. Five more steps and they would be out of the clearing. Thirty, maybe forty steps, and they would be onto the home quarter with the cabin in sight.
John kept up a gentle pace, not wanting to shock Sherlock with the force of his pleasure. Sherlock let him, not begging, just taking. Feeling.
, he had said, in a tone that had, paradoxically, invited insubordination. A challenge. That’s what he needed, what would allow him to stop thinking too much.
Sherlock, in response, ruffled his hair with both hands before flopping like a limp carrot on to the settle. His head was down, and one long leg draped over the back. He let out an enormous gust of a sigh.
The fire crackled, and the warm smell of food and smoke rose in the air. They sat, with greasy fingers, enjoying the rich cheese over bread and watching the last of the sunset. John was gratified to note that Sherlock ate a substantial wedge of cheese and at least half the loaf before drawing a long sigh and taking a healthy swig of port out of the bottle.
"Me too," Sherlock said, and pushed his trousers and drawers down in one swoop. His arse was every bit as fine as John remembered, and his cock... He'd seen it before, of course, but never an unobstructed view. It had been worth the wait. Proportional and beautifully shaped, it bobbed erect between Sherlock's lean and powerful thighs.
"My expectations were to spend less time in close quarters with a horse's arse" John yelled without rancour.
John's cock, through these musings, was not indifferent. It bobbed at each image; when John thought of Sherlock naked and hard, reclining on the settle, perhaps, or kneeling. John's hand drifted back to his cock; he could not keep it away. He felt guilt and shame as he squeezed it tight, then began to stroke again. It was wrong, so wrong, to think of Sherlock exposed, cock slick with grease or bent over a fence.
John’s mouth twitched, but he kept his face straight—until he saw Sherlock valiantly trying not to laugh. Their eyes met and they both dissolved into helpless laughter. They leaned together in the wagon seat, shoulder-to-shoulder, and howled until tears came to their eyes.
The next day dawned bright and fresh, and John woke with a new sense of purpose. He was here, so here he would stay, and his first order of business was to find Eva and make sure she had had something to eat.
They walked back towards the hotel, and, without a word to Sam at the front desk, the woman led him up the stairs to a front-facing sitting room.
Well, it could have been worse, he supposed. Mike was a garrulous man but knew, generally, when to hold his tongue, and that was more than John could say for most people. And though he was a heavy man, he was strong, and he could help John with the damn plough, being significantly more intelligent than Hamish the ox.
“No, thank God. Everyone’s healthy and has all their limbs. No, it’s odder still. I’ve been out at the Ojibway camp. There’ve been rumours of some unusual sightings. A large boar bear, close to camp.”
The base of the tree had certainly been cut nearly all the way by an axe, and an axe of the sort that was quite common in this part of the world: an iron head, and a handle of some home-whittled wood, most likely maple. No foreign splinters were in the wood, and the pattern of axe blows told no tales either. Any adult of average size could have made the cuts, to the best of Sherlock’s knowledge. He cursed his lack of experience with axe marks.
didn't cause trouble, he thought grouchily as he fed and watered them. Isadora, the Shorthorn cow, was more of a mix; John never knew whether she was going to kick him or lick him at milking time. Today it was lick, though she was dry at the moment, and John rewarded her with the first turnips from the bucket.
“Finally,” John said. “I didn’t fancy that much, let me tell you.” He turned to Sherlock; though his hair was plastered over his face by the rain, his cheeks were pink and his face open. Clearly, he was not in the same danger of being overcome by the cold as Sherlock was.
“There’s supposed to be an answer.” Dimmock had made, as of yet, no great proof of intellect, but he was clearly good on following orders.
When they flinched, he froze. He knew he should step away; he was aware of that much, but he had never seen such young ones before, and their charm was undeniable. They had huge ears and plump whiffly muzzles, and though they were breathing fast, they did not move, which allowed Sherlock to examine them closely. Not more than a week old, then, and ….
Since then, he had managed to clear 15 more acres and build. Now he had a house, a barn, the old shanty, a cold cellar, and 25 acres cleared of one hundred and fifty was no small thing, and he looked back on his hard work with a sudden flash of pride.
John did not finish. A jumble of sound assaulted his ears all at once: wingbeats, crackling bushes, horses whinnying, and Sherlock’s squeak of surprise. The horses wheeled and ran, reins trailing behind. The grouse—to whom the feather was still attached--landed twenty feet away, then scuttled into the underbrush.
Sherlock turned and went with surprising meekness. John permitted himself a smile. So that’s what it took to cow Sherlock Holmes: a little military discipline.   He would definitely remember that, he thought, and he followed Sherlock towards the road.
“It would be very subtle. Perhaps a little perfumed. But it would be caloric, which you need during the winter.”
All was quiet as John fried breakfast—there were four eggs today, thankfully—and Sherlock only spoke again when they had plates in hand and there was more tea.
All was not completely rosy, however. John had sometimes had cause to remonstrate with Sherlock. Though he cooked, he didn’t eat enough, for a start. He did not sleep adequately, either, and the scientific experiments he engaged in (often while he should have been sleeping) were often messy and incommodating. John had had to draw the line at dissecting animal scat indoors—especially on his few dishes—and insist that all experiments involving fire be conducted during daylight hours.  (Once, while attempting to compose a phlegm-inducing draught, Sherlock had become temporarily blinded and knocked a bread sponge into the fire, making the house quite uninhabitable for the better part of the night. They had slept on pallets of hay in the shanty and been chilled all night.)
Sherlock said nothing else, but—quite rudely, John thought, although at least he could respond in kind—pulled out a handful of notes and began to read. Well, that concludes the interview, John thought to himself. Then, a sudden abashedness came over him—-he should probably at least offer to feed his guest. Some doctor he was.
Sitting on the log, he began to carve it into a facsimile of Mycroft’s pattern. Soon, he had lost himself in the pleasure of making. His knife was sharp and the wood was beautifully grained, and so the object took shape under his hands. He made the curve slightly more pronounced than originally intended, and lengthened the handle for greater manoeuvrability (and, he thought, because Sherlock Holmes was bloody tall).
"We'll stay together to the very end, then. And, you know, death isn't terrible. I'll find your mother there--she’s waiting for me.”
"You bloody madman!" he exclaimed. He strode across the room. Sherlock braced himself, but instead of a reprimand, John put his hands on Sherlock's chest and pushed him up against the wall. "I ought to spank you."
How did normal people live like this? Of the dozens of people his age in Carleton—encountering them had been unavoidable—most of them were married now, although not always to the people they had preferred. Had they gone through these same desires, the same uncertainty? The messiness and the loose ends were unbearable.
As for the ‘composed little person’, he was not so composed. Without his father, his home, his cat, or his account book, he felt very much all alone in that neat little chamber. The tears he had worked so hard to restrain earlier slid down his face as his silent sobs wracked his body. What a relief it would have been for him to write out his pain and loss, but he was denied even that, and he cried until the house had gone silent.
After breakfast Uncle Gregory informed John that henceforth it would be one of his duties to drive the cows to pasture every morning.
"Oh. No, no I don't. I…Dogs are…er, dogs are surprisingly hard to get here, and they must be trained."
I keep thanking girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on, but seriously, this took a long time to write and I was going stir-crazy keeping it to myself. Their appreciative reading and their incisive comments made it easy for me to continue. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has also been the literal actual best at all times.
“Should we?” Sherlock said. He set his hand to John’s waist. It was huge and warm. John’s world tilted just a bit.
Securing the barn door, he walked quickly down to the one spot in his muddy lake that was easy to enter. Without looking back at the cabin, he stripped down and limped to the edge. The first few inches were not cold, but he kept walking, and didn't stop until he was waist deep, toes grounded in the squishy mud. He ducked himself under, almost losing his breath again at the chilly embrace of the water. He damned himself once more although the desire in his belly had decreased. He felt as though his breath had left his body and re-entered it full of Sherlock Holmes' scent and self.  A man, a stranger, and a patient: three reasons why this infatuation was a terrible thing.
The road home was not so pleasurable as the road out had been.The sun was setting, lighting up the snow before him and making it difficult to see, and the indignity he had suffered at Mycroft Holmes' hands irritated him. So he would have a guest, all summer, and a sick city-dweller at that. He could not imagine how a Holmes brother would look, or act; he could imagine how it would infringe on his privacy and his work.
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock said, and John did not let the warm rumble of his voice affect him at all as they slowly made their way to the cabin.
“Hello!” he shouted, leaving Hamish and Jack tethered to a tree and pushing his way through the woods to the wagon track that passed as a road.
, that the sight of John's genitalia and the manipulation thereof had had such a strong effect on him,
Themselves. He knew, of course, that John would hire Dimmock on in a moment if for some horrible reason he lost his place with Lestrade, but it was oddly comforting to think that he himself would be part of the decision. That, and the three kisses between them, suggested a certain relational solidity that left Sherlock suffused with warmth. Their pair bond was coming along nicely, really.
John Watson sat up. The brilliant blue sky and hot, fragrant air of Agra faded to the diffuse, chill light of a Canadian April, but Mary's face, half-obscured as it had been then, still floated before his eyes.
“I will. Oh, Father!” John tried to hold back his tears, of  bitterness and joy both, but they came nonetheless. His father held him close, and they saw the moon rise together.
John was nearly at the door. Sherlock stoked up the fire and set the rest of the pie on the table, with two plates.
The hired man’s room turned out to be larger than his own room in the house in the hollow, situated though it was in the garret, a floor above the family’s rooms. It was clean and neat, with an old-fashioned patchwork quilt on the walls and heavy oak furniture, and, best of all to John’s mind, a small diamond-shaped window that looked out over Blair Water. He flew to it and was immediately absorbed in the shine of moonlight over fields.
Sherlock did not immediately respond. His face was a study in conflict; like so many subalterns caught out, his pride was warring with his conscience about having done wrong. He gave Sherlock a bit of a yank, just to see the conscience come clearer on his face.
Your comments give me absolute life. I'd especially like to thank SherlocksSister, who summed up John Watson's character throughout this novel with the pithy phrase "God forbid you should have a feeling." Oh, John. Let yourself have a feeling, dammit.
. He clenched his fingers and shook himself, fighting to keep the surge of adrenaline confined to his upper body, but the blood slowly ebbed to his cock. He tried to focus his anger back towards Sherlock, towards the foolishness that once again was keeping him from his work, but he could not find it. Only desire, and then, thankfully, laughter.
“Good man, Sherlock,” Stamford said, clapping him on the back.  “We’d best thank you and go, Lestrade,” he said. “Mrs. Strickland north of the river is due to have her baby any moment, and I promised I’d attend her. Molly, Finlay, can you be ready?”
They went to bed, but not to sleep. John could hear Sherlock’s irregular breathing, so different from his regular, quiet sleep. He himself was fighting away the memory of Sherlock’s flushed and submissive face; he rolled on to his stomach and shut his eyes. It had not been two weeks, though almost, and ceding to his animal urges was not helpful in any waySherlock’s own animal urges had been awakened today, and John wondered whether the man would allow himself to relieve them. Depending on nocturnal emissions was not an effective long-term strategy and could damage Sherlock’s nervous system.
“I had not been fully aware of the potential of manure prior to my closer acquaintance with it this morning.”
Goat breeding, instigated by Mrs. Hudson, sets the fox amongst the metaphorical chickens. John faces a medical dilemma, and Sherlock learns a few things about anatomy and physiology.
Disoriented at first, John was only conscious of the pain in his shoulder; he cursed. Then, Sherlock's weight crashed down upon him and John's breath was crushed from his body. When it returned, and with it consciousness of a body over his own, a radiating heat and some expensive hair oil. He pushed away.
He slipped carefully from the bed and opened the door. The sun was already warm, and he basked in the feeling of it on his naked body. He felt, danger notwithstanding, like he wanted to run nude outdoors, as the ancient Greeks had done.
He says something to Guglielmo that's kind--tersely kind, but kind--and Guglielmo can barely look at him. Probably because he's got an extremely awkward boner under those worn and stained work jeans. John goes back to his room and writes a poem about slim, clean-limbed boys.
“Yes, sorry,” John replied, drawing a full, unfettered breath. “Thank you, Sherlock. You’re a good friend.”
Douglas’s face closed. "Yes, I recall that.  Your mother died very suddenly, and then... I don't think we'll talk about it. The Lestrades all came to her funeral. The Lestrades have certain traditions and they live up to them very strictly.  One of them is that nothing but candles shall be burned for light at New Moon--and another is that no quarrel must be carried past the grave.  They came when she was dead--they would have come when she was ill if they had known, I will say that much for them.  And they behaved very well--oh, very well indeed.  They were not the Lestrades of New Moon for nothing.   And then they offered to take you, and… take you and bring you up.  I refused. Did I do right, John?"
“Use both hands, Sarah, it won’t bloody bite you,” she said. Sarah, who was slender with shining red hair, made a rude gesture in her direction and continued kneading expertly with one hand.
Again with the fresh fiddleheads! Okay, so there’s this south-facing slope near the barn by the lake and it warms up much faster than everywhere else. That’s where those are coming from. /foraging nerdery
“I cannot offer you anything but my medical expertise, Sherlock… and my friendship, if you’ll have it.”
“Mr. Holmes…” John objected, realizing suddenly, that he would spend much too long answering these questions, if he let himself. Why did he wish so to recount the mundane details of his life to someone who barely acknowledged his response? Perhaps it was simply to watch the speed of his mind; Sherlock had drawn no conclusions since his adroit deduction of John’s thought processes the first night, but that had already created in John a desire to see and know more. Furthermore, Sherlock’s all-encompassing interest was a heady thing. His face, already handsome, was transformed by his passion.
Sherlock concentrated instead on increasing his knowledge of the way axe cuts could indicate stature and strength. That seemed one way to help unravel the puzzle of the mysterious cut tree the other day. It had been a constant presence at the base of his mind, interfering with his botanical investigations almost as much as the low thrum of feeling that John’s proximity inspired. Sherlock felt agitated, as though he could burst out of his skin at any moment, and he was determined to reduce the threshold of irritation in one way, if he could not in another.
The ride, however, was not fruitful, and when they came in sight of Lestrade’s cabin they turned the horses around to ride home. John’s hands worried Arthur’s reins, and Sherlock kept his eyes trained on the road.
"You... you don't... it's all right." Sherlock was looking at him, eyes wide and mouth open. John felt a pang of arousal already at the focused attention.
Sherlock, though, was gloriously happy. He could garner John’s praise in a moment—he had only to gesture more broadly while working, or let a theory flow from his mouth to attract John’s attention; when he succeeded, as he inevitably did, the warm glow of it spread throughout his body. The pleasure of real friendship, he thought, scribbling furiously in another notebook labelled “J”. He had felt certain physical stirrings, but none so intense and disturbing as those he had felt in May, and since his mind still functioned brilliantly, he could pay it little attention.
“You been out there a long time with that new friend, eh?” Angelo’s smile was broad and genuine, but there was no mistaking the elbow to the ribs. “He’s a good one!”
“Well, it seems to me that faith hurts a lot less than science. Look at your ankle; it’s swollen to twice the normal size. And,” John glared at Sherlock, as he appeared to wave away the injury as a small price to pay, “I won’t mention that enormous scrape on your neck, but I will say that I am not ploughing right now and it’s your fault.”
Once again, I can’t guarantee an update next week. I hope to have something for you, but I’d rather wait and give you a good chapter than just drop something small.
“You’re not so bad,” John said, rising. “Now take off your trousers and lie on your side on the settle.”
At every gross breach of civility, John would try, and fail, to remain calm. The moment he lost his temper, Sherlock would submit meekly to the dressing down, a tantalizing flash in his eyes that would force John to turn away in order to maintain his composure.
Relief brought more tears, and several overflowed. He shook himself. He would not fail now. He would light a fire, and he would get warm. John would get warm. John needed him to light a fire, too. He fixed the candle on to the bench—crude, but couldn’t be helped, and went to the box beside the hearth. Pulling out crumpled handfuls of birchbark and sticks of kindling, he laid them on the old ashes. It wouldn’t be an elegant fire—Sherlock did love laying elegant fires—but it would be warm. He went for the candle.
"Maybe you should," he said. John's eyes widened, and he pulled Sherlock's head down into a bruising kiss. Sherlock gave himself up to it, suddenly ravenous for the feel of John's skin.
"It'll save you rushing back. You can have dinner with Mrs. Hudson and stop at Lestrade's for a whiskey, if you like." Sherlock said with dignity.
I also forgot to mention earlier that this whole fic was called Hysteria, Hypothermia, and Half-Hearted Heterosexuality for a while, and The Finest Part of the Line for a long while. I like the current title better.
When I say “pharmacopeia” it means “medicine-making.” Sherlock’s accusing Mike of being a lousy medical chemist, basically. Mike honestly doesn’t mind. He’s able to admit his faults.
Knowing that it would be a dead giveaway to look at Sherlock’s trousers himself, John looked Sherlock in the eye. Sherlock looked at the ground.
“I’m bloody tired of you telling me I’m wrong! Don’t you think I want this too, even though I know I can’t have it?”
"No tea?" Sherlock responded, clearly horrified. John had seen that look on the faces of newly commissioned officers being shown the regiment's latrines.
"Can we... since it's light... can we bring a bucket of water in?" Sherlock sounded suddenly unsure.
The young woman was small, with a very straight back. She stepped easily down from the wagon, but there was a constraint somewhere—ah. The clothes. She was dressed in a conventional town outfit, but it sat uneasily upon her, her blue serge hem dragging in the dirt. Recent, then, and not made for her.
“You’re getting slow, Harry.” She butted against him, hard, and he grabbed her collar. “Settle down.” He pulled a crumbled mince tart from his pocket and lured her back to the pen. John closed the door again and began to unsaddle the horses.
I wrote this note and then I realized that Cohen’s “Hallelujah” could be pretty gay but I still stand by my choice. The Pentatonix version is more joyful and these two are having a hell of a good time banging each other silly.
Really, the line between science and human relations was thinner than it should be, he thought, irritably, and went to get the tincture. Philemon had been honking rudely at him for days, and an eyedropper down his throat would be just the right revenge.
John Watson has made a life for himself in the backwoods of Canada. He’s alone, and it’s a hard life, but it’s his life, and it’s quiet. Then, in the middle of a blizzard, he receives an imperious letter asking him to take in a young botanist by the name of Sherlock Holmes. John refuses, initially, but dark circumstances force him to change his mind.
"Quite so," Sherlock said. His hair was standing on end now, and he was holding three sheaves of paper in one hand.
Kneeling between Sherlock’s legs, John sucked Sherlock as gently as he could, barely more than an open-mouthed caress. He licked his cock thoroughly, until Sherlock’s hips were rocking and his bollocks had drawn up tight. Then, John straddled him for the last time. He took their two cocks in his hand and stroked them together, rocking his own hips in time with Sherlock’s until first he spilled over, then Sherlock.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock” he said, taking a deep breath. “I should have warned you not to come to the barn.”
“The Lestrades can go to,” John hissed, regaining his powers of speech but reluctant to wake his father, “to… Halifax!”
The next day, John is marginally more cheerful and Guglielmo is wearing different jeans. John inquires about Guglielmo's age. Guglielmo does extra work, all in sight of the farmhouse. The landlady watches. She sees Guglielmo strip his shirt off in the full sun. She sees John lick his lips and swallow down the last of a glass of limoncello and meditatively tongue an ice cube.
Damnation! It would be bad enough if Sherlock decided he was upset enough by John’s venality to leave, but if Sherlock himself were hurt…John found himself genuinely worried.  As frustrating as Sherlock was, John did not want anything to happen to him.
“Very well, John,” Sherlock said, with a calm that sent a shiver of disquiet through John’s body. “But we’ll be at Lestrade’s work bee early.”
Sherlock was suddenly seized with an impulse to find him, to touch him. To bring him to the same marvelous feeling (How long would it take? Surely not long, despite Sherlock’s lack of expertise); to collapse in his arms (Would it feel better than being in John’s arms when he was cold and miserable? Almost certainly.). There were so many possibilities, scientific and non. His cock throbbed.
“Kissing on the mouth is allowed at any time,” Sherlock agreed, gravely. “Now you sit back. I’ll time.”
“We have to go.”  He began to pull away. This was too much; he was already half hard and getting harder.
"Why does your reaction bother you so much?" Sherlock pulled back. "I like it." He gripped John's erection.
It would have been easier to ignore his own attraction had Sherlock professed some interest in women, but he clearly had none at all. John suspected that if Sherlock loved at all, he loved men, which meant that there was a chance that John’s caresses might be well-received, if they were offered. But that would land them both in a terrible predicament. When, not if, John arsed it up, Mycroft Holmes would rampage, John would lose his farm, and Sherlock would lose his family’s approbation.
John looked away. His eyes prickled, shamefully. When was the last time someone had told him that? The last time someone had seen him—his body and his need? It felt like a thousand years.
"Mike," he shouted, when Stamford had tied his horse at the barn and greeted the goats. "Come and help!"
The single word was enough to galvanize John. He drew back, fighting down an impulse to push the table away and hold Sherlock close.
"Do you like it?" It was unclear what Sherlock meant by "it", but John gave up when faced with his determination.
John moved to dodge, but where empty air had been a moment before, there was now a solid wall of warm, hairy flesh. He bounced right off and careened into Sherlock, who had still not quite righted himself. The force was sufficient to propel them both back into the manure pile. John heard a muffled curse as Sherlock landed rather deeper than he had before, then cursed himself as his own knees met the wet slurry. He put out his hands to save himself but they met only manure.
"No, but I was supposed to do this to you." John did not quite know how to address this sudden, wholehearted embrace of carnality on Sherlock's part.
"Old bag. Bet you'll feel better when that calf has come," he said, eyeing her enormous belly; she was due any second. Isadora chewed her turnips and did not answer. He'd often wondered, when he was a child, why his father talked to the animals, but now he knew--they were better than people (or, if they weren't, at least you didn't know what they were saying). Also, he didn't have much choice; if he wanted to talk to another person, his nearest neighbours were four miles out.
Sherlock could have howled in frustration. He reached for John’s hand and held it. Then, when John was looking at him again, he bit his lip. John flushed red, looking suddenly uncertain.
“I’ve seen it frequently…in goats and people. Horses too.” Mrs. Hudson replied. “Sometimes love comes where you don’t expect it. It’s quite natural.”
"Nobody ships me anywhere," Sherlock grumbled, but a look flashed across his face that made John feel more reassured than anything he'd seen so far.
“Did they say it’d been eating meat, by any chance? A lot of meat?” Bears did eat meat—they were omnivores, like humans—but it was rare that it formed the majority of their diet. It would be unlikely that there would be more than one in the immediate area.
He writhed at the thought of John knowing this of him—but   was John not the same, his cock thick and hard, jetting white spunk out in a painful spasm? John had said nothing about treating himself. Yet the evidence supported it—Sherlock had seen the grease on the floor beside him, and he had been manipulating his cock.
“I want you to mark me,” Sherlock whispered, against his lips. “Let me feel you.” John sat up and took off his own shirt first. He reached up and stretched, letting his own heartbeat slow a little, moving so slowly that Sherlock wriggled with impatience.
“Baked eggs with bacon and spinach,” Sherlock said, placing a mountain of buttered toast between them and sitting down.
“Then proceed.” Sherlock said, and John thought he might have to slap himself anyway. The sound of Sherlock’s voice rumbled through him like dynamite.
That first Saturday and Sunday at New Moon always stood out in John's memory as a very wonderful time, so crowded was it with new and generally delightful impressions.  There was a certain charm about the old house which John felt keenly and responded to, and he loved the beautiful land around him. So, in spite of the ache for his father and the house in the hollow which persisted all the time, he was beginning to be a little glad again in sunset and bird song and early white stars, in moonlit nights and singing winds.  He knew life was going to be wonderful here--wonderful and interesting, what with out-door cook- houses and cream-girdled dairies and pond paths and sundials, and Disappointed Houses and men who didn't believe in God, ANY God.
“I know. I—I did too. Look, maybe we…maybe we can? Be something? But I need to think about it. Can you give me time?”
John followed Sherlock’s tracks to the edge of Scotch Bush road, but chose his entrance to the woods carefully, about six paces from the crushed grass that indicated Sherlock’s path. He had taken care to walk without breaking trees, John noted with a slight approval, but was still incredibly easy to track by any standards, the great git.
“They’re very fond of each other, very protective. They dislike being separated. However, they do disagree, particularly when food or goslings are involved.”
“This is a huge country,” John said, calmly, and drew a shaky breath. A man in the woods. A man everywhere and nowhere, eating small animals. He remembered Sholto’s bloody hands.
The Lestrades all went away that morning except the New Moon people.  Uncle Gregory announced that they would stay until the next day to pack up and take John with them.
“John!” Gratefully, John swivelled his head around and saw Will Lyons enter Lestrade’s yard. Raising two mental fingers to the Major… and pushing away guilty thoughts of Sherlock, John couldn't help but look Lyons over appreciatively. At nearly six feet tall, Lyons was well-muscled and handsome; his dark eyes, high cheekbones, and smooth skin spoke of his Chinese heritage.
“Please,” Sherlock said, pulling the blankets up around his neck. John sighed, and, giving the fire a somewhat more vigorous poke than he had intended, got back into the warm bed. Sherlock was not quite so forward this time as to wrap himself around John, but he did not move from the center, either. John curled himself on his side, his back against Sherlock’s thankfully warm body, and fell asleep.
“Excuse me, John Watson, but let me tell you that I have a right to read your books.  I am responsible for you now.  I am not going to have anything hidden or underhanded or immoral, understand that.  You have evidently something there that you are ashamed to have seen and I mean to see it.  Give me that book.”
And yet… He rose, and went to his trunk. Opening it quietly, he drew out his diary. The pages of the service-issue notebook were slightly yellow, the ink faded; he handled even the cover carefully so the ill-kept leather would not crack. His pen was equally neglected, but he set it right with a quick polish and dipped his pen in Sherlock’s inkpot. The pen felt strange in his hand, but another glance at Sherlock—this time, his hands, curled around a glass—made him think of that first night, and the afternoon that preceded it.  He held his pen with more certainty, and began.
Physical pleasure… exertion had, to date, been his only real physical pleasure. He was now aware of a different physical pleasure—or rather, a deliberate participation in that pleasure. A spark of curiosity animated him: What if it was worth it? What if the pain, the emotional pain that John had presaged when he had refused to cure Sherlock’s hysteria faded in comparison to the bodily feelings? If they were anything like this soaring feeling he felt after trying his body to the limit, he might be ready to risk himself and try such a thing. Of course, the trouble would lie in convincing John, who was remarkably stubborn to his duty, once he had decided to execute it.
“Stop moving. You’re warm,” Sherlock said, and John sighed. He was warm, all right. So warm that he was going to spontaneously combust if one more inch of Sherlock’s skin touched his. Control your breathing, he thought.
“Is that wise, Miss Kuskatoo?” he asked, as her hand disappeared into his own. Her little frame tensed, and both she and Stamford were opening their mouths when he continued “Stamford’s the most appalling hand with pharmacopeia I’ve ever met. You’d be better off with John…er, Dr. Watson, for that portion of your training.”
Sherlock set his coffee down and spread his legs provocatively. John straddled him, but waited until he’d ostentatiously pressed the “start” button on his timer before bending forward and kissing the notch in his collarbone. John sucked a little, until the flesh was soft and tender, then nipped Sherlock hard enough that his body jolted beneath John’s. John rocked his cock against Sherlock’s, and though Sherlock remained silent, the soft huff of his breath told John he was hitting the right spots. He sat back and undid each shirt button, touching the sparse hair on Sherlock’s beautiful chest. When he finally drew the shirt back to expose the full spread of Sherlock’s shoulders, he could see that his time was almost up; wasting no more time, he fastened his mouth over one peaked pink nipple, tasting Sherlock’s bare skin and feeling Sherlock’s cock harden against his own.
Spruce grouse are very very good at camouflage. The hens especially: they hide in the dead leaves on the forest floor and they don’t move until you’re super close. Then, of course, they burst up in a huge flapping of wings and scare the crap right out of people (and horses, which, as one lovely tumblr post pointed out, are basically couches with anxiety).
John had clearly noticed the same, and a pucker of worry formed between his eyebrows. He laid his hand on Sherlock’s hip; it was warm, even through the damp wool, and Sherlock moved towards it. John frowned.
Philemon set up a loud honking, and before Sherlock could move to observe him more carefully, Pierrette was behind him, hissing. He tried to stand but could not—damn ankle—and so was forced to crawl away from her threatening beak. He could not crawl away fast enough to avoid several sharp blows to his shins.
John, who apparently could not leave well enough alone, dodged back towards the kitchen, grabbed the latest salt-rising loaf, and wrapped it in clean linen. Setting it down on the chest by his bed—he nodded and left.
"No goats." Sherlock fell silent, his eyes flicking from John's face to John's cock. "This is fascinating enough."
The dreams began earlier than he had expected. Absorbed in sketching the sundew, Sherlock was startled when he heard John’s low groan, as if in pain.
“Harry! John! Is she hurt?” he cried, and bounded out into the barnyard, presumably in search of whatever was making Harry bellow. John, who knew by bitter experience that nothing was wrong with her except that she was a goat, and a particularly cussed one at that, sighed. Instead of rushing out into the yard, he doubled back for a heel of cheese and, as an afterthought, a ripe piece of pickle from the bench.
“Let’s get at it.” Lestrade set his cap back on his head and swung his axe up on to his shoulder. “I’ve paced out the spot. Major, Mr. Dimmock, if you’d start planing for the roof? Joe and I split those logs last week. John, Will, and I will notch. Joe, you’re to sharpen axes and fetch water.” At Joe’s protest, he added “And you can take your turn notching once we’ve enough to start lifting.”
The next moment, Murray slaps Sherlock’s buttock. “You could say ‘thank you’, actually. Come on, say it.”
John pleasures—or torments him some more before suggesting, “Maybe it’s time to stimulate your other body parts. Would you like that, Sherlock? Just nod if you do. That’s a good slut. Stroke yourself then.”
Mycroft chuckles a little. “Of course not, though it is by far the greater pleasure. I’m here to make sure you are comfortably settled, nice and discreet. You’re a celebrity these days, Sherlock. You can’t afford a scandal.”
John knows he should consider himself fortunate that things have turned the way they did, even if there are minor mishaps sometimes. He knows it… But he can’t say he’s entirely happy. He can’t help thinking that something is off. Not with him, not with Mary. Despite their little domestics now and then, they’re alike, they’re both predators, partners in whatever they do. They enjoy what they have in addition to their unexpectedly normal married life. It’s Sherlock who worries him.
“I wonder if he must be strapped down to mate,” Mycroft proceeds nonchalantly, in the same pensive manner, “or will he roll onto his back eagerly? If he resists, there’s a new breeding stand for those dogs that can’t be trusted to stay still. We could try it out. After undergoing such an ordeal, he might be more compliant and agreeable, I’m sure, though I’d suggest strict training anyway. You should make him wear a weighted collar and whip him regularly. Fight dogs don’t appreciate when you’re slack with them.”
She loves him, there’s no doubt about that, but something is off. Sometimes it’s like he’s two persons, the amiable and loyal John she’d married and the man with a fiendish, crooked smirk she lusts for. Sometimes it’s like he’s
This time, he woke up gasping for air again. His breaths come in as ragged gulps and he can’t control it, a phantom pain in his lower chest where Mary’s bullet pierced him. But it’s all right, he’s healed, he’s alive.
He also said, I’m not the man you thought I was; I’m not that guy. I never could be. And his therapist would probably suggest that this speech was hardly meant only for a dead woman who couldn’t hear him.
Sherlock used to be a master of deceptions. Now it’s John’s turn. He’s picked up a few lessons in mindfucking.
Sherlock blinks. And blinks again. He’s not going to cry like a four-year-old. Definitely not. He has no reason to. “Nothing,” he says, and it’s true. “He even tried to be my friend, I guess. He just…wasn’t the usual you, and I thought it was my fault. I thought—”
Sherlock is in a perfect state for that—painfully erect, tainted with drool, spunk, and his own precum, the black leather of the sling picturesquely rough against the exquisite whiteness of his skin. He looks both depraved and mortified. And maybe also just a teensy bit regretful. That’s a start.
“I know you missed the pit,” Sherlock says almost affectionately. “The thrill of the fight, the blood pumping through your veins. But there will be other battles you’re going to win.”
Better to go on as if John hasn’t noticed anything. He’s just there, somewhere in the flat, doing something peacefully mundane. It’s easy, pretending.
John gives Sherlock’s penis an experimental stroke, just once, and Sherlock jerks in his bonds with a desperate groan.
The muddy ditch is not a deliberate trap, yet an effective one. But now John wishes Greg would leave at once. He’s desperately searching for pretexts to make Greg go back to London when he hears something he shouldn’t be hearing. Footsteps. Bare feet thumping gently against the wooden floors.
Sherlock struggles in earnest, but he must have underestimated his adversaries. Sholto may have problems with his left hand, but the grip of his right one is tight enough. As for Murray, he’s perfectly fit, though maybe not as impressively muscular. People sometimes get the impression that John is the weakest of the three, because of his limp and his cane that now rests against the wall, and also his not quite prominent height. It’s a rather unpleasant surprise for them when it turns out that a heavy cane can be a deadly weapon and John’s not always limping. Not when he fights anyway.
“No, not her. She’s a psychopath. She won’t tell us anything. But she couldn’t have kept John here and then put him into some hidden place all by herself. She had accomplices from Sherrinford, and they are still here. Five of them. Professionals. I’m not sure I can take them all out alone, but if you join me…”
“Hush now, don’t be childish,” Mary chides him. “Now you may put your pants back on and take your place in the backseat.”
Mary laughs, despite herself. “No. No, not possible. You’re kidding me. How could everyone not see… No, scratch that. How could
The room is filled with the dim golden light of several lamps along the walls. There are below-ground windows covered with ornate wooden latticework over the long shelves filled with antique books. Tufted leather chairs, a monstrous palm-tree in a basket…
Oh. That's something John doesn’t know how to respond to, so he just says, “Er. I’m glad you…feel that way. But we’re not going to continue, no. Come on, stand up. I’ll take you home, okay? We’ll catch a taxi.”
John sleeps lightly, stirring a few times to check on the live feed from the cellar. They left the light on, so he has a perfect view of Sherlock squirming in the cage, trying to get more comfortable and always failing. But he doesn’t try to pull the plug out, clever boy. Finally, Sherlock stills, his head bowed, and maybe dozes off, or at least tries to. Very well. He’ll be busy during the day, so he needs a good rest.
John watches her putting Rosie into the cradle. He just stands there, frowning, and she knows there’s something on his mind. She knows him so well, all his facial expressions, all of his wrinkles, and yet she feels there’s a complete stranger beside her.
“It’s very handy that I have a vet among my friends,” John explains in the meantime. “I didn’t have to buy a breeding stand, I just borrowed it. A few modifications—and it fits perfectly, doesn’t it?” John fastens thick leather straps around Sherlock’s hips and shoulders. “Do you know what the thing is for? It’s for animals who have to be held down for mating. The difficult ones. Aggressive ones. Just like you. No-no, don’t move, it’s your own fault that we have to do this. You could have been polite with the clients I’d found for you, but you chose not to.”
Sherlock doesn't live with them, but whenever John and Mary want it, he’s available for their games. And after that they just return to their normal mundane routine. It’s very handy. Sherlock doesn’t mind. But right now John feels unsure about leaving Sherlock on his own.
“The operation wasn’t meant to be successful, for many reasons. There was a mole selling government secrets who wanted the ambassador to disappear, but it wasn’t just that. I never asked for details, but there had been some great game going on, and the mole had to keep working without suspecting he—or maybe she—had been discovered. So the ambassador who knew too much had to be sacrificed. Besides, my teammates also knew too much and got too greedy... The government wanted to close the freelance programme, and to do it…well…in the most permanent way. I was offered a deal. I bring down my team and go free, more or less.”
Sherlock casts a quick side glance at John, but John doesn’t say anything. They’ve had their fun, so why shouldn’t Mary?
John hastily unzips his flies and pushes his pants down. His fumbling with the condom is somewhat graceless, but nobody seems to care. Sherlock breathes heavily as the tip of John’s cock batters against him for admission, stretching the virginal pink ring of muscle unbearably wide. John goes torturously slow. He can see that Sherlock clenches his hands into fists as he gets filled, inch by inch, and rattles his head from side to side as if in pointless denial. Maybe it hurts a little. Maybe it’s just uncomfortable. But Sherlock will have to get used to it. Get used to being a fucktoy.
He looks doubtful and sarcastic, but also…hopeful? John considers telling him something that has been tormenting him ever since Mary’s death—another secret, another betrayal, worse than flirting with some random girl. When he heard that shot in the aquarium, his first thought was,
John flexes the fingers of his left hand a few times, nervously. “I just…I wanted you to have a piece of what you’re missing when you’re with me. I know you like what we’re doing, whatever you call it, because it creates a sort of high, this intensity, but…”
First, it’s more like a spanking. Rhythmic, loud slaps against the tender, vulnerable skin. Then they become more and more intense. No stray hitting—both John and Murray aim at the arches of Sherlock’s feet, between his heels and toes. If done wrong—or right, depending on desired outcome—bastinado can cause a great deal of damage. Bones, nerves, tendons, muscles—anything can be injured. Fortunately, Murray is precise, like when he’s taking a shot. As for John, his hand never shakes when it comes to violence.
John is silent for a moment. She wonders if he wants his hands on her treacherous, lying throat, like Ajay did. “Go on,” he finally says.
When John unties the ends of the rag fastened at Sherlock’s nape and pulls the cloth out, Sherlock slurs, “What the hell, John,” and tries to raise his head.
But then he suddenly touches her arm, with a wan smile. “You make me remember, sometimes. How it feels to be myself.”
Sherlock does as told, with his jeans pooling around his ankles, his belly flat on the bonnet, face hidden in his folded arms, so that only the mop of dark curls is visible. He stays obediently still when Mary takes two handfuls of his reddened butt cheeks and parts them, toying with the sore flesh.
His lips twitch. “Spot on. It’s Sebastian. Seb. But you can still call me John. I’ve never liked my name. Besides, I’ve been John Watson for so long that a few hours longer won’t make any difference.”
Sherlock regards him coldly. “Are you telling me you never slept with anyone but me before? All the while we were fucking? And don’t even try to tell me off for foul language. Because that’s what we were doing. Surely, you wouldn’t call it lovemaking?”
It’s strange and exciting to find Sherlock still so compliant, still willing to let John own and debauch him like this, despite his doubts. It’s a heady feeling. Maybe also somewhat disturbing. Is it trust on Sherlock’s part? But why would Sherlock trust him
Actually, the whole thing had been set up because of Mary. Sherlock still has some problems with her.
But before that…there had been that warm and cosy moment when they fell asleep on the stairs and John forgot he was getting married and everything seemed to be fine. Awkwardly fine because lying on the wooden steps wasn’t really comfortable and his ribs hurt a little, but still.
“How could you not have noticed it wasn’t me?” John keeps asking. “You, of all people! I mean, I saw him when they took me and I saw him now. He was a perfect replica, I get it. But there must have been something…some tiny things that would give him away. Hm? And his wife…she’s very much alive, I assure you.”
, and I wouldn’t have to explain anything. I guess I was wrong. It wouldn’t be good for both of us.”
“You’re here,” John elaborates, “because you’ve been not good enough. You think it suffices just to lie back and enjoy things being done to you, eh? You think it will do to be passive. Just a recipient. A plastic doll for fucking. No, Sherlock, you’re wrong. You might have forgotten that you ought to please, to show some enthusiasm, but it’s what expected of you. I’m afraid you have to learn the hard way to relish the ability to express your attitude. For being passive, you’ll be punished with
“Where are we going? Can’t you tell? To the basement flat. 221C. Don’t worry, Mrs Hudson is away for the whole weekend, she won’t mind.”
“That’s”—smack—“what you”—smack—“are going to remember,” John declares smugly. Something tells him Sherlock won’t delete this.
At first, he doesn’t quite realise what’s going on when John reaches for him and pulls him close, awkwardly but very determinedly. It’s like a reversal of that moment when he held the not-real-John after Mary’s not-real-death. A laugh at the déjà vu comes out as a sob.
John drops the bag on the floor, lays the riding crop on top of it, and takes the lead off Sherlock’s collar. Using his hands, he twists and pushes Sherlock like livestock, positioning him so that his legs are on the line of the spreader bar, and roughly shoves them wide apart to secure his ankles first to its opposite ends. When the metal clinks, Sherlock jerks uneasily, but it’s too late. In just a matter of seconds, he’s stuck.
He tried to save her. He tried his best. When Mary said she wouldn’t let Vivian escape and practically provoked her to take out the gun, he talked and talked and talked, he gloated, he jibed, so Vivian would aim it at
She chuckles. “Yeah, okay, all right, he is. But he’s our monster, in a way. And hardly worse than we are. Maybe a little bit better.”
John sighs. “I’ve been very patient with you, lenient even. My friends are less tolerant. They don’t like disobedience. Stronger military habits, I suppose.”
Lestrade greets John with a brief smile. “Oh hello. Is Sherlock with you? He isn’t answering his phone.”
John has put on a jacket, a set of keys in one hand and a briefcase in the other. “I’m picking up Rosie this afternoon, after I’ve seen my therapist. Got a new one; seeing her today.”
Lestrade cringes. “Look, I’m not your handler... and I don’t just do what your brother tells me. Well, not always. I was worried, too, okay? You usually respond when there’s an interesting case. I didn’t really think…” He casts a quick apologetic glance at John. “But I thought I’d rather check, you see?”
“It’s okay,” John says. “I don’t mind that you’re a slut, not at all. Just don’t you ever forget that you are
That could bring welcome oblivion. Stupor. Nothingness. It’s a wrong thing to do, and John would be appalled, but John isn’t there. Maybe he never will be.
Also, he berates himself for not taking pictures. Sherlock looked so good trapped on the breeding stand, like he belonged there. Oh well. On the other hand, Mrs Hudson is still away and the stand is still there. They can use it again tomorrow.
But when John takes his hand away, Sherlock speaks up again, desperate to be heard before it’s too late, “John, you once said—”
Two shots, one chokehold, one knockout, and one broken clavicle later they find themselves by a ruined farmhouse. There’s an old well hidden in the bushes, and it’s flooding. It takes their joint effort to turn off the rusty tap.
“Naughty,” John chides, grabbing Sherlock by a fistful of hair. “Let’s show him how we deal with wayward prats.”
He isn’t, normally. The only times when he’s clingy and needy are the moments when he’s exhausted and utterly broken down. It shows how far from normal Sherlock is now. He clutches at John’s shirt like it could save him, and John can’t help but remember Sherlock grabbing at his shoulder urgently before he’d collapsed in the hands of the paramedics. “We can trust Mary.”
Lestrade shrugs. “I don’t mind waiting. In fact, I have a day off. My car is stuck in the mud just outside your gates, so it looks like I’ll be here a while anyway. A cuppa would be great.”
John relocates the mirror so that Sherlock can see his own reflection. It’s a delightful sight, though Sherlock might consider otherwise.
Sherlock finally musters the courage to put his arms around John’s waist, and John doesn’t seem to mind. They stand like that in the shimmering blue lights of the police cars, and Sherlock doesn’t want it to end.
“Remember our agreement? You have to pay your part of the rent. I’m not going to pay it for you just because we’re a couple now.”
She does pity him, she really does, but she also feels tiny prickles of fear because what if one day John looks, really looks at what’s right in front of him and sees what she sees? What will he do then? That fear is much stronger than compassion, and it makes her frustrated and scornful. Sometimes, somewhere deep down below, where her past is securely locked up from the world, there’s a scorching hot regret that she’d called an ambulance for Sherlock when she could have just left. A few years ago, before John, before her new civilian life, she would have done just that. How very controversial. Love, or whatever she feels for John, seems to have made her more soft-hearted and more cruel at the same time. Maybe it’s just hormones.
It’s rather unlikely that Sherlock has been persuaded by John’s  speech because he’s still tense, but at least he opens his mouth like a good boy and keeps it that way when Sholto lightly slaps Sherlock’s face with his condom-sheathed cock, holding it by the base. Sholto would have had trouble managing one-handed if Sherlock didn’t cooperate, so it’s most convenient that Sherlock does. He only cringes in obvious revulsion when Sholto traces the perfect O of his lips with the tip of his shaft. Maybe the posh boy doesn’t like cheap latex. But John has an idea how to distract him.
“Do better, Sherlock. Your mouth isn’t preoccupied. But we can always find another use for it again, mind, if you prefer to be mute.” John caresses Sherlock’s arched neck, then presses harder—not enough to suffocate him, but sufficient for it to be a warning. “Or maybe you’re at a loss what to say? It’s difficult for some people to overcome their inhibitions and admit they really like things that seem… unconventional. Is that the case with you? Are you unsure what you feel?” He leans in to whisper into Sherlock’s ear, “How hard do you find it, having to say, ‘I don’t know’?”
She can’t but smile fondly. “Aww. I always suspected you’re a romantic. Now go find a rope. No, stop, I think I’ll kiss you first.”
“John, if your suggestion was only meant to lighten your conscience, don’t worry. I know you’ll always be looking for something else, apart from
“Time’s up?” Sherlock inquires curtly. His words sound almost harsh. An accusation. He attempts to sit up and winces dramatically. Wraps himself in the folds of the crumpled, not-entirely-clean sheet, also with palpable annoyance.
“It was nothing,” Sherlock assures him hastily. Something he had always known he would say if John ever asked him. “Don’t think about it, it was just a few days.”
Mycroft gives him a glare. “You should muzzle him if he’s so poorly socialized that he still bites, or find him a trainer if you can’t spare the time to show your
In the next room, John palms his erection, listening to Sherlock’s howls. It’s very convenient that Mrs Hudson is away.
“Well, it worked anyway,” she says cheerfully while she deletes a message to Mycroft on her phone—LAZARUS IS GO. “It was Sherlock who almost spoiled our scene, poor thing. He tried so hard to make Vivian shoot him instead of me that she almost did, despite her deal with Mycroft. Do you think he’ll keep his word and let her escape for cooperating with us? Not that I’m really interested… By the way, what did you want to tell me? You said you needed to tell me something, before we left for the aquarium. God, I need a shower. I’ve got that fake blood all over me.”
Sherlock is all arrogance and snide remarks, always uptight, always wound up like a tightly coiled wire. He’s unbearably, almost inhumanely perfect in his work and his looks. But in bed, he’s still inept, spectacularly ignorant in some things, and even insecure at times. Someone else might think it’s a flaw, but not John. A weakness—yes, but a weakness to be exploited and relished. It has made Sherlock open for many suggestions of a very dubious nature. Made him trust when he should have been wary.
“What’s going to happen now, it’s entirely your own fault, Sherlock,” he says almost sympathetically.
Sherlock gasps when Sholto drips more lube onto his anus and starts rubbing it in, and John shoves himself deeper into the wet warmth.
“One word, Sherlock! One word to let Greg know that you were held here against your will, and you could have left, but you were too proud to ask for help, weren’t you? It’s either that, or you enjoyed your stay with us. But then again, I suspect your pride wouldn’t let you admit it. Yet. Either way, we’ll have to work on your behaviour.”
“Formally, all the freelancers worked for one of his subordinates,” she hastens to explain, “but he always controlled the game on the whole.”
After dinner, it will be only logical to go to Sherlock’s place for a health check. Sherlock must be still sore between his legs. Would he be amenable to spreading them for the considerate military doctor, letting him inspect the damage? For purely medical reasons of course. And if it leads to something not entirely medical… Oh well. Who’d blame a man for taking his chance?
“Me—no, not really. But it must be different for you. I mean you’re this far from famous.” He holds his thumb and forefinger an inch apart. “So if he says something indiscreet… There could be rumors.”
Sherlock hastily obeys. He strokes himself a few times, and it’s all that takes for him to come violently, with a broken cry, spilling over the floor. As he thrashes on the breeding stand, still shaking from the intensity of his orgasm, John pats his back tenderly.
John slaps Sherlock’s backside with the ruler, to make him hurry and simply because it’s fun, and Sherlock rushes forward like a high-strung race dog, scurrying to the centre of the room on all fours. Just lovely, the great Sherlock Holmes crawling like an animal. The sight makes John want to adjust his cock inside of his jeans; they suddenly seem a size too tight.
A moment of silence. John considers speeding things up with a ruler again when Sherlock finally manages, “No, we don’t need a gag. John.” He adds John’s name hastily after a pause, as an afterthought. And visibly tenses up, aware of his almost-failure.
“So you did exactly what you told me not to!” John hisses at her. “You just ran off! And left a note!
Experimenting, John tries to slowly rotate his hand and lightly flex his thumb and fingers. It earns him a series of incoherent pleas that turn into low, strangled keening. It’s nice to reduce Sherlock, usually so composed, to a whimpering, inarticulate mess, and by such simple means.
“Okay. We have something else to do then. It’s picture time!” John declares cheerfully, fishing out his phone.
In the end, John says nothing about it—it’s his burden to carry, not Sherlock’s. Instead, he steps close and grabs Sherlock by the hair.
And then there was his wedding. And several other things besides, until they both came to where they are now, John drinking himself to the point of hallucinating and Sherlock experimenting with illegal substances to the same extent.
“And if he doesn’t—” Mycroft smiles dreamily. It must be a nastily pleasant dream. “I think I’ll enjoy watching your mongrel being bred too. But he’ll be the bitch. As you might know, I’ve got a pack of five hunting dogs. They’re beautiful creatures. Also well-endowed, as you call it. I’m sure they’ll be most excited to pound him under the tail. All of them, in turn.”
“Do you mind if I go first?” John asks, just for the sake of politeness. Sholto and Murray don’t mind at all. If Sherlock does, that’s his problem.
They strike at the same time, John to the left and Murray to the right, and Sherlock predictably responds with a muffled wail, caught unawares despite all the warnings. Oh yes, he’s very sensitive. And it’s just a warm-up.
She’s about to say, ‘Yes, what a nice happy ending,’ when it strikes her. “Oh my god. She’s not going to let John live. The riddle—it’s a dead loop. It starts with her singing a song, and when solved, it just takes you back to her. She didn’t give Sherlock a direction. She mocked him. John is going to die, like the other one.”
without breaking skin, flicking it hundreds of times, before the victim went mad with pain. Imagine that? In the Middle East, there’s a different approach. No elegance, just blunt force—there are so many delicate, tiny bones that can be fractured, crippling a person for life. Nasty business! But don’t worry, we prefer the first method. Ready, Bill?”
Suddenly he steps close and wraps his arms around her, so tight it hurts, despite the fake blood and her efforts to wriggle out. He holds her and holds her, and finally she gives up and lets him.
“John, please—” Sherlock’s voice quivers with pain and need. “Please fuck me. Please. Oh. John. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m a slut. Oh.”
The drug that knocked Sherlock out still makes his head feel clogged and fuzzy. He’s not quite sure what he’s saying and what John is answering. What did John ask him about the girl on the plane? “What, she’s still up there?” or “Wait, who’s still up there?” John’s voice sounds different somehow, laden with emotion. The way it was when he spoke to John on the phone, ready to jump from the roof.
, oh no. He enjoys Sherlock’s exasperation, the small sounds he makes. An inflatable butt plug gets him especially excited.
“Sherlock,” John says almost softly. “We’ve been very indulgent so far. It’s better if you don’t make us cross. We know how to break people. It’s not a threat, it’s facts. But you have a choice. Cooperate willingly, and you might enjoy yourself. Just try it. Move your hips back a little. Yeah, right. Like that. See, it’s easy. Now, forward. And back again.”
It’s usually John who doesn’t get to the end of the sentence, but now it’s Sherlock’s turn. “Where…”
John hadn’t thought what else he wanted to say. To be honest, he hadn’t thought at all when he’d rushed after Sherlock. “Er,” he mutters. “It’s not my business of course, but why all this? Why employ us? With your looks, you could have seduced anyone you wanted, for free.”
“Yes!” Sherlock says hastily. Too hastily. John might not have Sherlock’s skills in observation, but he’s not stupid. Besides, he’s learned to read Sherlock’s behaviour all too well, having spent so much time with him.
It takes John a few moments to come to his senses. When he finally pulls out, Sholto quickly takes his place, almost shaking with excitement. When he shoves his impressive cock in, none too gently, Sherlock gives a barely audible whimper, but he doesn’t kick or thrash anymore. Murray lets him go, free to get ready for his turn. He shakes his jeans and underwear off impatiently, unable to take his eyes off Sherlock being mercilessly buggered, and starts slowly stroking himself.
When John touches Sherlock’s neck to attach the lead to the hood’s collar, Sherlock flinches slightly. Was the touch completely unexpected? Does the hood dampen his hearing so well? If so, good.
It’s John’s voice, husky with anger, but hushed because he doesn’t want to be overheard. Mary listens intently. Is it Sherlock he’s talking to? Got rid of—what?
One of the nurses said he was awfully strong, but there’s a limit even for him. He’s tired of being strong. He’s tired of being clever. So he chose be weak and stupid just this once, and if John doesn’t come, it will be over very soon and he won’t even have much time to be upset about it. Isn’t it nice?
how it feels for Sherlock to be suspended, with his legs high up in the stirrups, makes this strange experience worthwhile. Well, maybe Sherlock doesn’t compare himself to an aerial acrobat stuck mid-air in a trapeze, but any other associations he has must be equally humiliating.
“You should probably wait until you learn what the rest is,” John tells him in a mentor tone. “Which you will do tomorrow.”
John Watson again. I didn’t want to, but was I ever so lucky—I succeeded.” A mirthless smirk. “It’s funny. We’ve never been friends, and yet I owe him your life.”
“At least I know who’s after me,” Mary hisses back. “I know he’s alone. I’d have dealt with it when he found me and then I’d have come home! But no, you had to follow me and leave Rosie alone.”
Sherlock suppresses a visceral need to text John right now, in the middle of the night, about something utterly unimportant. Would he respond immediately, at least with a reprimand? Would he respond at all? It’s frustrating, but Sherlock can’t tell. His predictions of John’s reactions are badly off.
“Why do you think I’d talk to you just because I feel guilty? Can’t I just… offer my company because I want to?”
“You’re lucky I’m a doctor,” John says. “A professional, good at anatomy. An amateur might have tried to fit his whole fist in at once. It would have been very, very painful.”
It takes him more than forty seconds to begin. She’s been counting, just to keep herself from shaking out of anticipation.
Sherlock is used to John not finishing his sentences. “You shouldn’t be worried about STDs. I’m clean.”
The taxi stops on a narrow street with a row of elegant whitewashed buildings on one side and a private garden behind a wrought-iron fence on the other. John pays and ushers Sherlock out. As the car drives away, Sherlock, unusually hesitant, lingers on the pavement by the porch. There’s a brass plaque by the entrance declaring the venue to be “The Diogenes Club”.
“I like you undressed too. Very much so,” John assures him. To be more convincing, he steps closer and slips both hands into the folds of Sherlock’s improvised toga. “And I have some time to prove it.”
He knows something that Sherlock, too busy being ashamed of himself, doesn’t see. Mycroft might talk in a snide, condescending manner, but he’s really concerned about his brother. He isn’t happy with Sherlock’s current situation, his newly re-established arrangement with John, highly indecent in nature. But the alternative seems much more bleak. Sherlock on his own, left alone with his mind to race out of control, tearing itself to pieces, is a danger to himself, too prone to self-abuse. So Mycroft would rather leave his brother in John’s capable hands than let Sherlock overdose in some dirty back alley.
What clearly troubles Sherlock the most is that the plug constantly rubs against his oversensitized sweet spot as he squirms in a futile hope to get just slightly more comfortable. He bites his lower lip and steals quick, panicked glances at John. Maybe he’s not entirely past caring that the driver—or anyone else in the street when they leave the cab—might see the impressive bulge of his erection. The humiliation must be torturous. But so is the intention. John had made Sherlock wear
“Awesome, isn’t it?!” Sherlock exclaims in an exaggeratedly excited manner. He’s always excessively cheerful nowadays, except for the times when he thinks no one is looking. He’s sad when no one is looking.
Leaving Sherlock on another verge of panic is clearly a bad idea too. John takes a quick look around. The only option that comes to his mind is a bit of vandalism. There are dark, heavy curtains on one of the windows. John rips one of them down. “Here. You can wear this.”
He finally condescends to giving Sherlock’s penis a light stroke, teasing and playful in comparison to the violent rubbing against his rectal passage. It makes Sherlock wantonly thrust his hips and moan.
Still, zipping himself back up, John contemplates Sherlock with sated satisfaction. Slumped in the sling, with cum slowly oozing out of his hole and saliva dripping down his chin, he’s a picture of decadent debauchery. Murray, perched on the table, is drinking in the sight with obvious relish, too.
“I thought I was losing you,” Sherlock suddenly murmurs, tilting his head and nuzzling at John’s neck.
“It looks like my husband has made a good use of you,” she comments with a cheeky smile towards John.
looks at John, or avoids looking at him, that makes her wary. If she were to judge by his facial expressions only, she’d say he’s still mourning the loss of a very loved one. John is lost to him, though he’s right here, in his flat, typing a new blog entry.
‘Because we’re a couple now’ sounds much nicer than ‘because my dick became very intimately acquainted with your pretty arse.’ Besides, Sherlock likes John saying that, though he’d never admit it. He wants to hear it again and again all the more because John still denies it in public, for the sake of convenience.
“But I thought you were interested as well,” John protests indignantly, taken aback by this outburst.
John makes an amused sound, rubbing little circles between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. “That’s a good deduction, yeah. Was it intentional, getting me dirty?”
“Uh. No. If not for the car, I’d rather go back if everything is really fine?” The end of his phrase turns into a question.
There’s a short dispute about it. On the one hand, Sherlock’s voice could be a perfect soundtrack to the entertainment they have in mind, very arousing; they all remember him moaning in abandon when they were trying out his hole in turns after a warm-up spanking. On the other hand, unlike the previous time, Sherlock might have some really unpleasant things to say because it’s a gangbang he hasn’t asked for. And talking isn’t what they all want from him—unless it’s begging of course, but Sherlock is unlikely to ask for their cocks of his own free will just yet.
Sherlock glares at him, still panting heavily from exertion. He looks good like this, disheveled and heated with wrestling.
“You said I shouldn’t make any video messages without telling you first. So. I’m telling you.” She waves a disc with ‘Miss you’ written on it.
With that, he leaves the room. He’ll wait in the next one; he’s brought a chair there to get all cozy. He can hear the client murmuring, “Oh, that’s good” and “Fuck” and “Yeah, take it”—and Sherlock’s soft, stifled moans in response.
When things finally come to that point, it isn’t much of a choice, though. Sherlock is still clingy in a very possessive way, so he just pulls John to bed and it seems like a natural thing not to argue.
It’s not your business. There’s so much else to worry about. Your pregnancy. The threat of Jim Moriarty returning, which would clearly put both John and Sherlock in danger.
“Is there something else?” Sherlock wonders, perceptive, as always. Insensitive, perhaps, but still perceptive.
Sherlock frowns, more perplexed than offended or frightened. “Although I’m flattered by your interest, I must warn you that I consider myself—”
Is knowing that Sherlock enjoyed himself too an excuse for further experiments? What if next time Sherlock doesn’t like it? Then what?
John was sincere when he tried to persuade Sherlock he should call her back. Or more exactly, he wanted to be sincere. He wishes Sherlock well, doesn’t he? Sherlock deserves a chance at something more or less normal, if a romantic entanglement with a lunatic dominatrix counts as such. But… Oh well, John isn’t an entirely selfless man, and he knows it, so why pretend—he’s definitely
At least ten more slaps, then, to make him forget his vanity. To banish all thoughts out of him, except for one,
John expects a heartfelt “piss off” for an answer, but Sherlock suddenly lets out a bitter laugh. “Me? A thirtysomething virgin? It might be a hot fantasy about forcing one to comply, but in
“…because they don’t even think of looking. Besides, you’ve seen him, the way he was when he came back. Overly agitated. Poor reaction. He was clearly on something. My guess—heavy painkillers. Then he was on drugs. Then he was on morphine when you… oh well… And now it’s drugs again. I tried my best to push him away. I thought he’d notice. But he didn’t look. He was afraid to. I’d call it elective ignorance. Every inconsistency—he took it for his fault. I think Mycroft suspected something was off. But even if he guessed right about me, he wouldn’t say anything. He doesn’t care for John. John is nothing to him. His brother, though, is another matter entirely. Sherlock sacrificed two years of his life to keep John safe. What would he do if he learned John was dead?”
“I’ll take it as a compliment. But that’s not what we agreed to,” Sherlock says slowly, as if he’s still sure he can talk his way out of it. At the same time his gaze darts towards the door. An escape route. No-no, that won’t do. John gives a sign, and his friends grab their prey from behind.
…And that’s when Sherlock suddenly jerks for real, with all his might, trying to kick, to twist his hands out from the stocks.
“Quite possibly, yeah,” John says thoughtfully. “He might earn even more than he does now, actually. But I think we might make him look even better.”
Mary smiles dreamily. “Who knows. With sociopaths like us one can never tell what’s possible and what’s not. After all, stranger things have happened.”
In a flash, John wishes he spent more time with Sherlock alone. Just the two of them, like in the good old times.
“If he takes his life, for instance, before we find his friend and disappear, Mycroft Holmes will be very, very upset. And making him upset doesn’t bode well.”
It takes some effort to strap Sherlock to it, but not too much. It’s as if Sherlock knows he should at least try resisting, but can predict the results right from the beginning. His intelligence plays against him. It often does.
“John,” he breathes out, and his voice breaks on the name. It sounds like a sob. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” He skims his hands up and down John’s calf in a frantic caress and keeps murmuring into John’s thigh. “I knew you’d promised to never share me with anyone again, but at some point…it became so real…”
He wonders what drug Mary gave him when she escaped. He’d passed out for a few hours then, slipped into oblivion without any dreams, and that’s what he wishes for right now. Sleeping pills never have such an effect on him. Drugs—not always. His mind doesn’t cease working, and he can’t stop it.
Naked and not attempting to cover himself, Sherlock stands in the middle of a large Persian carpet, his bare milky-white feet a contrast to its rich purple colour. The dark wood panels in the background further highlight Sherlock’s pale complexion.
Sherlock looks very much engrossed in the process. Beads of sweat adorn his smooth, pale skin. Murray holds him by the hair, tugs at his curls, making him work faster. It’s a fascinating show.
Sherlock gasps when Mary none too gently rubs a finger around his battered anus. “Are you still nice and wet inside? Pity that John hasn’t plugged you again, you look so much better when stuffed. Oh well. At least your behaviour seems to have improved. When we play next time, I hope you won’t fail us again. And that’s just to revise your experience.”
The first real stroke lands in the crease between Sherlock’s buttocks and makes him cry into the gag in surprise. The skin is pulled taut there, highly sensitive. Unlike Sherlock’s butt cheeks, it’s not crimson yet. All the more reason to mark it. More blows follow—as do Sherlock’s stifled grunts, acknowledgments of precisely measured, accurate aim.
John shrugs. “Yeah. I suppose. You know, one secret more, one secret less…maybe it doesn’t make much difference. I just need time for it to sink in.”
Behind his back, John opens a bottle of lubricant with a loud click. “Now watch how I spread you open for a good pounding. It’s not a punishment, so I’ll prep you well, promise. I don’t want you to get torn, especially by someone else.”
Sherlock writhes and groans through gritted teeth, but he’s not going anywhere. John won’t let him. He knows it, and Sherlock knows it, but it’s most enjoyable to have Sherlock struggling, even if half-heartedly, and to feel how
Just a few strokes—and he comes onto Sherlock’s poor abused anus and the tender flesh around it, making more mess. He should have laid down a sheet to catch any excess lubricant and bodily fluids, but now it’s too late. Besides, he rather enjoys the sight. Sherlock looks so good, covered in come, so contented, so…happy?
“I’m not going to punish you for contacting that dominatrix,” John continues. “However…” He pauses, deliberately, and it’s nice, to see the expression on Sherlock’s face morphing from guarded surprise to wary expectation. “I think we need to give you some new context. Whenever you hear her text alert, whenever you play that tune you composed for her, whenever you think of her at all…you’ll remember this day, remember our talk, remember where it got you in the end—on your back, with my fist inside you. And to make this context sink in…”
John sits down on the bed, close to the headboard. Now he can watch Sherlock’s reactions more attentively. It’s mesmerising, the way he pulls on the handcuffs, the muscles of his arms so taut. The way he squeezes his eyes shut and bites on his lush lower lip. John traces it with a finger, then brushes a sweat-dampened curl from Sherlock’s forehead.
