Dean let go of Charlie’s arm and held his palm out as he quickly worked through their various strategies to determine which best fit the situation.
Dean couldn’t help but shake his head and return the smile. Suddenly, Cas’ smile dropped and his eyes went wide. Charlie and Meg both swore as Dean turned to see Michael beelining it towards him. Dean patted his pockets and his stomach dropped when he realized he was out of socks. From the short distance, Dean could see the triumphant snarl on Michael’s face as he pushed himself that little bit faster.
“Don’t ‘hello, Dean’” me! What the hell happened! You were supposed to text me when you were ready to leave!”
“Dean, you okay?” Charlie asked quietly as he flung the remains of the demolished fries into the compost can.
“See ya tomorrow, Jo,” Dean said, feeling that last shred of remorse float away. The only thing left was whatever Cas so clearly wanted to talk about. There was no way he hadn’t picked up on Dean very nearly telling Jo that he loved Cas. There were many ways the next few minutes could go and Dean was desperately hoping for one in particular but there was no way he could bring himself to bank on that hope. Instead, he steeled himself and prepared for the worst as he stepped back into the room.
“Almost there, just a little further,” Dean whispered, as much to himself as to Charlie. Just outside of the science building, three of the saved scientists along with Ash were guarding a pile of delivered boxes, all armed with socks and ready to rescue incoming humans from their pursuers. Dean and Charlie paused as they scanned the surroundings. It looked clear from their vantage point.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Yeah, sure. Easy as pie,” Jo snorted but there was a definite smile under the snark. Dean added a few finishing touches to the map and capped the marker with a snap.
“You said he didn’t take it well, what did he do?”
“You guys have a pretty tight operation too.” Jesse admitted. “Might have to steal some of your tricks for next year. Shit! On the right!”
“You know what they say about outrunning a bear, you only have to be faster than the person behind you,” Cas said flippantly, giving Dean a wry smile as he turned towards Jo’s dorm, not bothering to check the surroundings before striding off. Benny turned to Dean and Charlie, his eyebrows hitting his hairline.
Before John Winchester had gone and wrapped his truck around a pole after yet another long night at the bar, he had impressed upon Dean a number of lessons. Take care of your little brother. Men don’t cry or talk about feelings. Your messes are yours to clean up. Even after the man had been gone for over a decade, the lessons he imparted had lingered, having grown deep roots. Sure, he’d managed to overcome some of his backwards thinking thanks to Sammy and their mom but he’d only applied to colleges because Mary had resorted to insisting it would be a good example to set for Sam. The usual arguments of his grades being fantastic and a degree being good for his career had failed. Joining the LGBTQ+ club on campus later that year had been his first intentional middle finger to his late father.
“Hey Deano, one last thing.”
Dean kept his head on a swivel as they made the short trek to the oak tree. At one point, two guys sprinted past an opening between the two buildings to their right but whoever they were running from seemed intent on the chase so they continued on, though at a slightly more brisk pace than before.
“I have an idea, go to the right and stop in front of the dining hall. Keep him busy,” Cas ordered and suddenly broke off to the left and disappeared around the corner of one of the dorms.
Dean did the math in his head. Michael and Cas were further from the door to the dining hall than they were but Michael was definitely faster. Dean was down to one sock at the ready but Charlie had her bandolier. If Charlie could spot him a sock or two, Dean could take out the zombies by the door while Charlie focuses on Michael. Okay, this could work!
Dean wasn’t sure what exactly Cas’ face looked like but it must have conveyed that Cas meant business since Jo started nodding vigorously.
“Ready?” Dean gave Cas a once over as they both grabbed their backpacks and ammo socks from their desks.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m gunna take a quick shower before I head out,” Dean said, grabbing the shower caddy from under his bed.
“We’re going to find Mary.”
That must be Michael. “Yes, he is. Was.” He felt Eileen lay a gentle, comforting hand on his arm.
Dean made his way to where Cas lay in the mud, wings burned into the ground. He felt as though every organ in his body was constricting, but he continued taking steps toward the angel. He couldn’t leave him out here, like this. He couldn’t.
Dean froze a moment. He really didn’t want to talk about it, so he played it off with humour, as always. “Well, leave it to a psychic to cut through the small talk, huh?” He turned to Jody.
His breath rattled down his already ragged throat.
Sam glanced up at Dean before answering. “We don’t know for sure.”
Cas crept down the hallway with Shaggy and Scooby (what was up with these ridiculous names?). Suddenly, the electricity began to flicker. Great. How Dean had convinced him to go, he couldn’t say.
“You could get killed. Again.”
“Like, somebody turn up the heat in here, man,” the teenager complained, “it’s getting cold!”
“Okay, so when does winter set in?”
“Dean–” Cas started, fear apparent in his voice.
“Dean, can we go back to your cave and watch Avengerers?” asked one of the children. Mina, this one was Mina.
“So,” Claire said, turning to Patience, “every vision you have, it always comes true?”
Dean stumbled as his feet hit the carpet of the movie room. Gabe was giggling maniacally with Jack bouncing on his lap.
The Sarge cleared his throat. “Anyway, what the hell’s the Texas Rangers even doing up here?”
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but Dean cut him off as the lights began to flicker. “Bigger fish to fry. We need iron and salt.”
Eileen rested her hand on his. “She was a good woman.”
“Hey, look! A clue!” Velma pointed at a toy box oozing black goo. “That’s strange.”
There stood Claire with Donna’s flamethrower.
“I’m not the kind of girl folks come looking for. In this world, I don’t even rank a milk carton.” She could feel her voice cracking. “No one is going to come for me. I’m not white, rich, blonde. No one’s gonna fight for me. I don’t matter.”
All of a sudden, the windows began to frost over. The phantom burst through the doors, and flung the members of the Scooby Gang against the walls with a wave of its hand.
“Well, that’s not good,” the man commented airily.
“That happened one time!”
Gabriel scoffed, and tossed a handful of Skittles into his mouth. Where he had procured them from, Sam had no idea. “Well, you know how I like shiny things. I’ve got the Seal of Solomon stashed away in one of my old hideouts.”
“Okay,” Sam replied softly, “I’ll take care of it.” He led the way down the stairs, his eyes landing momentarily on Cas’ body, wrapped in a white sheet and sheer yellow curtains, and made his way outside. There was a wood shed behind the house, but he needed large logs as well, so he grabbed an axe that was leaned against the shed, and stalked off toward the treeline. He wondered if Cas had chopped all of that wood.
The dark-haired man began to speak in a more threatening tone, taking calculated steps toward Dean.
“That’s John Driscoll,” Dr. Vallens replied, “I only started seeing him a few weeks ago.”
“Okay, sure.” Sam doubted that highly. “Let’s say you get the book. It’s not going to change anything.”
Behind them came the sound of loud, thudding footsteps, and they turned. There in the field stodd two enormous men, taller than Sam, clad in furs and… loincloths?
Mary entered the kitchen, then frowned. “Where’s Sam?”
Suddenly, the doors around them slammed closed, and a spirit clad in rags and chains emerged before them.
It was too much. Too much. He opened his mouth, then closed it again, shaking his head.
“Uh, sort of?” Sam sputtered. “Um… he’s adopted.”
Dean raced down the hallway of the high school, gun at the ready and Jody right behind him. As soon as he turned the corner and saw the wraith pinning some teenage girl– Patience– to the floor, he took the shot. He knew it wouldn’t take the monster out, but the man yelled and ran, leaving the girl gasping on the floor. Dean tore after him, figuring that Jody would make sure Patience was alright. The wraith grabbed a mop before tearing out the double doors, then slid it into the handles so that Dean was barred inside. He smirked at Dean through the window before running away.
John stared at Cas like he’d grown two heads, then focused his attention on Jack. “That child is the son of Lucifer?”
Cas scoffed, but it came out ragged and mirthless. “I know better than you.”
“His name was Carl Phillips. Deputy Carl Phillips. He’s… was my nephew. Some… psycho slit his throat and left the body for the coyotes to chew on.” He paused for a long moment. “I knew that boy since he was a day old.”
The impala rumbled to a stop outside a big white suburban house.
Sam grimaced at the lizard that Dean had cooked for him. Fortunately and unfortunately, they heard a roaring in the distance, accompanied by loud thudding.
Dean rolled his eyes, but Cas could see how happy he was that his mom was happy for him. “Thanks, Mom.” He released Cas’ hand and picked up his burger again.
Dean perked up as a woman stepped out of the neighboring house. “Hey, there’s our witness.” He opened the car door and made to get out.
“Thanks,” he said gruffly, pushing into the room. Jack yawned as Dean set him on the changing table. He grabbed a pair of pajamas and changed him into them, keenly aware of Cas’ eyes on him. Jack whimpered as Dean finished buttoning up the onesie, so he scooped him up and rocked him against his chest, humming ‘Hey Jude’ softly. When he went to put Jack in his crib, the nephilim wailed in protest, his eyes flaring orange.
“Okay, listen,” Sam interjected, “I know what Lucifer’s cap–”
Sam let out a deep breath as he walked away from the kitchen. He didn’t like lying to Dean, again, but he and Rowena needed to move now. Rowena had tracked Lucifer to the throne room, but he had left just a few minutes ago. If there was ever a time to set a trap for the Devil, this was it.
“Yes, I know.”
“Hey, Cas, how are you feeling?”
John balked, but decided not to respond to that statement. He turned to Eileen, but she hadn’t seen him ask the question.
Claire turned too late. Kaia pushed her to the ground, and Claire heard the all-too-familiar sound of a blade sinking into flesh. Kaia fell beside her. Her face was blank, in shock with pain. A large double-bladed spear protruded from her stomach.
“You think you’re any better than me?” Red eyes, thousands of them, began to fade into view.
“Oh, there’s the Scooby Gang!” Dean exclaimed.
Claire lifted her in her arms, grunting with the effort. Kaia wrapped her arms around Claire’s neck and buried her face in her chest, letting her tears soak into Claire’s shirt. She must have been drifting in and out of consciousness, because it felt like only a few minutes before there was a bright flash of light, and the two girls tumbled to the ground.
“That is probably the stupidest thing you could have done,” Dean said, his voice hard. What would Heaven do to Cas when he showed up? What would they do to Jack? Surely Heaven wanted him dead.
“Get anything?” Dean huffed.
Amara shrugged. “You can, but you don’t.”
“We also hear that you’re a powerful dreamwalker. You can walk between worlds.”
“Not happening.”
“Bitch.”
Dean packed quickly and drove off before Sam could change his mind. Yes, he trusted Sam to keep Jack alive, but when all was said and done Sam suffered from younger brother syndrome; the man was not as good with kids as Dean, it was simply a fact.
Iron and salt? Sounded like a ghost problem.
Dean nodded, cleared his throat, and got up to leave.
He ducked into the Impala and peeled out of the parking lot while Jody fumbled with the seat belt.
Sam scoffed, but shed his coat and climbed into the other bed. As he drifted off to sleep, he heard Dean humming Stairway to Heaven again.
“Desperate times,” James shot back. Dean watched as he performed the ritual. He didn’t understand it, but he did understand when James pointed to an abandoned warehouse on the map. Always with the abandoned warehouses.
She was trapped. Again.
Lucifer was gone, but so was Mom. Trapped in that other world.
Sam bounded up the stairs of the house, heart racing. The images of Cas’ eyes flashing out, of his mother being pulled through the portal, of Lucifer’s grotesque smile all flashed through his mind. He stopped when he saw Kelly lying on the bed, still as stone. Slowly, he walked over to the bedside, and gently closed her eyes.
“Besides, we don’t want her scaring more people,” Sarah added.
“That doesn’t sound like him,” Rowena seethed.
“When winter set in one year, it set in much earlier and faster than normal. The community had to very quickly pack up and move out of the pass. Since they didn’t want anyone wandering into the mineshaft, they boarded it up before they left.
“What just happened?” Fred shrieked, his nose bloody.
“Hey Jody.” It was Sam’s voice. “Thanks for your help earlier. So listen, we’re looking for someone named Kaia Nieves. She might be the key to saving Mom. So if you hear anything–”
Shaking slightly, he donned his trench coat and slipped his feet into his shoes. He should probably get new ones: these were extremely uncomfortable dress shoes. He slowly shuffled out of the room and down the hall. Jack’s door was open, and the room was empty, so Cas moved on to the kitchen.
“No shit, Meg is in some of my criminal justice classes. She’s more than a little intimidating,” Jo admitted. “I bet she’s wild in bed though.”
“Dean, I just don’t think it’s my kind of thing.” Cas said looking back down at the rules once more. But Dean could tell Cas was on the ropes, he saw the tiny tick up in the corner of his mouth that most people missed. People usually saw Cas as weirdly stoic, but Dean easily saw through that, though it wasn’t always that way. Dean and Cas had met when they were matched up for their dorm freshman year. After Dean blew up at Cas for ignoring him for the first month that they shared the tiny room, Cas explained that, in his words, ‘his people skills were rusty’ since he had been homeschooled by his extremely religious mother his whole life. Going to college was basically an act of rebellion in his mother’s eyes so he had been cut off from his family and he was still a bit torn up about it. Dean had instantly felt like shit and apologized profusely. Since then Cas and Dean were nearly inseparable, Cas even came home with Dean over the breaks and stayed with him, his mom, and Sammy in the guest bedroom of his childhood home.
“Oh, uh. Nothin’, phone’s going dead,” he muttered, shoving the phone back into his pocket with one last look out behind them.
“Oh fuck,” Dean blurted as he desperately threw a sock and bolted for the stairs to the left. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!” Dean could hear the sprinting footsteps behind him. He must have missed.
“I can see I’ve given you a brain teaser. You give that some thought. If you need a second hint, why don’t you ask our mutual friend,” She said before turning and sauntering away. Dean leaned back against the building and for at least the third time this week, wondered what the fuck just happened.
“Bingo, I knew you could do it. Hope the hamster is still running up in that wheel of his.”
“Isn’t that amazing, Meg?”
“Wait… You did that on purpose? You meant to draw the other zombies away from us?”
“Dean, we’re not leaving until you open up!” Jo yelled, sounding like she was pressing her face into the crack of the door.
“Do you want to drop by my room quick to get the bells? We have time,” Charlie offered, pulling Dean’s mind back to the plan for the map. He nodded after thinking for a second, still not able to look her in the eyes but the hand she placed on his arm let him know she understood.
Dean stared at his phone in disbelief. He glanced around behind him, searching for Cas in the crowd but didn’t see that familiar shock of dark hair. The doors to the student center were around the corner and the room they were in had no windows to the outside so Cas couldn’t be spying on them, could he?
“As you are all aware, we are being plagued by an outbreak the likes of which has never been seen before. I have been tasked by Uncle Sam to find a cure and believe I have come across the answer to our problem. The downside is, I don’t have the materials necessary to whip up the metaphorical jungle juice. As it happens, my lab across campus does so I need your help to get me from point A to point B without getting 28 Days Later’d. Ya dig?”
Dean bounded down the last two flights of stairs and burst out of the dorm, panting from the exertion.
“A kiss,” Cas said offhandedly as he lifted Dean’s hand to inspect Dean’s only means of defense.
“Sure you do. Not very nice to say you don’t know your boyfriend of ten months. Even if he is long distance,” Cas said, only a hint of smugness leaking into his voice.
“You’re pretty quick on your feet there, Jesse” Benny said approvingly, sounding only slightly out of breath.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded jerkily. He inhaled sharply as he felt Cas’ warm fingers gently wrapping around the wrist of his hand holding the sock.
“Nope, you’re not gettin’ out of it this year. Besides, you stick by me, you’ll make it just fine. C’mon.” Dean wiggled the phone in Cas’ face with an exaggerated pout, ignoring the way his stomach flipped at the no-nonsense glare being shot straight at him. “It’s one week, your precious study time won’t be interrupted, I promise. You also have one week to get ahead before it starts and besides, the library, dining hall, and dorm rooms are off limits.” Cas pursed his lips and Dean internally pumped his fist at the fact that he hadn’t gotten a straight ‘no’ yet like he had been given last year. And the year before.
“Holy shit, really? How’d you find that out?”
Dean turned his head to the right, doing his best not to lose any speed and saw Michael sprinting towards them, Cas only a few footsteps behind. Charlie had also turned to locate the source of the commotion and swore rather colorfully as she spotted the two men. Dean gripped Charlie’s arm and urged them faster.
“So you chose me? Even though you would lose the bet?” Cas asked quietly.
“Yeah but you love us,” Charlie sang, seeing straight through Dean’s words. Before, Dean could grudgingly agree, a commotion started up at the front of the room.
After another minute or two, they spotted Benny and Charlie with their backs to the large oak tree keeping an eye out on either side.
“I’m sure it will be fine.”
“Sure is but, gee, it was just so dark out. How was I to know that the girl in the white jacket wasn’t the mulleted scientist?” She lamented facetiously as she glanced around the corner of the building behind Dean, almost like she was looking for someone.
Dean flew through the door of the dining hall, only just catching himself on the opposite wall saving himself from a smashed nose or, if he was really unlucky, a concussion. Charlie ran straight into him and laughed breathlessly as they slumped over together.
“How did that come up?” Cas asked, leaning ever so slightly closer making Dean’s head swim.
“Nothing, I just… I talked to Cas. About that thing you mentioned the other day. About why you’ve been helping.”
“Uh huh.” Max didn’t look convinced in the least but thankfully didn’t press for the truth.
“Some kind of rivalry or something?” Max added. Dean groaned as he pulled his hand through his hair. He looked around the group seeing nothing but faces of hopeful curiosity. Of course it wouldn’t just stop with Charlie asking him about it.
“See ya, Cas.”
“I’ll tell you when I catch you tomorrow.”
That was only partly true. While Dean was still sort of freaked out/impressed by Cas’ sneaking skills from last night, he was fairly certain that the ambush of Benny, and probably Jo too, could be explained by a bit of espionage. He couldn’t just call him out on it though. He would have to catch him in the act. Having been in a number of prank wars with Sammy, Dean knew he was capable of convincingly faking being asleep. It should be a simple matter of planning out the route for real, sending it to Charlie, then erasing it and storing the map under his bed like usual. Then he could wait and hope that Cas wasn’t taking a peek in the early hours of the morning. Just in case he did fall asleep, maybe he’d write a message on the map.
“Hmm.”
“Feel bad about Alicia. He just came outta nowhere. I’d probably gotten turned too if ya hadn’t shown up… Speaking of, how’d ya know?” Benny asked seemingly having just put the pieces together.
“Smitey?”
When junior year rolled around and Dean and Cas were still sharing a room together, Dean had come to the conclusion that he was terrified that he was going to fuck everything up. This was no mere crush, Dean was full blown In Love. It certainly explained why he had turned down every offer for a date from the numerous men and women who’d approached him over the past two years. It was no secret that Dean was bi. He had joined the LGBTQ+ club early on in his first year at the college and that was where he’d met his other best friend Charlie. She had tried over the years to encourage Dean to get out there and date but Dean had eventually cracked and confessed that he kept turning them down because it wouldn’t be fair to date someone when he was in love with somebody else. Charlie had tried convincing him to tell her who the lucky person was but dropped it pretty quickly after Dean snapped at her. He’d felt horrible about it but was grateful when she backed off.
“No,” Kaia said, her voice full of fear. They all turned to her. “If they’re there, they’re already dead.”
was sleeping, too.” The entity’s voice had taken on a mockingly conspiring tone, like Cas was a child he had allowed an extra serving of dessert. “Hey, uh, since we’re pals, there’s something I’ve gotta know. I just gotta ask.” It leaned toward Cas, anger clouding its expression. “
Lucifer groaned loudly and childishly, and banged his head on the table. “Why, why, why, with all their second guessing and their whining?” Cas resented that, but made no move to reply. “This is an emergency, Castiel, and all they’re gonna wanna do is put me back in the Cage.”
“So a revenant,” Dean said. “I guess we’re taking a trip to the graveyard."
Cas smiled softly. “What’s he like?”
“Dean, we have a problem.” That much was obvious. “He isn’t human, he appears to be a primitive beast formed of rock and sand.”
“Thank you,” she said, signing with her words.
“Jack, where’s Jack?” Dean yelled. Panic rose in his throat like bile.
Dean grimaced. “Actually, about that….”
Whatever their deal was, Jack was in loving hands.
“I think I’m gonna be sick,” Dean groaned.
“Agent Elliot,” he replied, taking his FBI badge from his inside pocket, “I’m here about the grave robbery. Uh, you live on the premises, right?”
A tear slipped down Dean’s face. “I know.”
“Dave Mather,” he called out, cocking his shotgun and resting it on his hip to aim. If he was going to face an Old West outlaw, he might as well do it Old West style. “Robbing a bank. That’s a bold move.”
Suddenly, there was a loud bang at the door.
Sam did not like the sound of that.
Mary grinned. “That’s wonderful!”
Mary Winchester wished she could have met this Mary Campbell.
“Thank you,” she murmured.
He glanced around furtively before stepping over the rope and making his way upstairs. At the top of the stairs was a bloodstain across the bannister. Bingo. He drew his gun and continued his search. Through the first door he opened was a bathroom, bloodstains illuminated on the bathtub’s curtain.
“A what?” She recoiled from Dean in shock.
Dean gave her a skeptical look.
“And Kelly…”
” He paused. “‘Cause, fun fact– in all of forever, nothing ever wakes up here. I mean ever. And second fun fact– when you woke up, I woke up, and I don’t like being awake. So,” the being took a deep breath, which Cas knew to be more of a dramatic and theatrical thing, to display its displeasure, but it unnerved him nonetheless, “
“I’m not sure what’s going on,” Gabriel piped up, “but it honestly sounds safer to just wait it out down here.” Cas had almost forgotten about Gabriel.
“Jeepers!” Daphne exclaimed.
Sam raised his eyebrows. “Wow. And you woke up… how?”
Cas rolled his eyes. He heard Sam enter the library throught the door behind him.
The Empty grimaced. “Pretty smart. Pretty smart, gnat.”
An entry in the journal caught Sam’s eye. “Yeah, there is. According to Dad’s journal, Jasper is home to its very own Gate to Hell.” Dean looked at him with an expression that read ‘are you fucking kidding me?’ “It gets better.”
“What are you doing back in this world?” he asked.
Cas sat up, groaning. His back ached, and he felt exhausted to his very core. His tie, suit jacket, and trench coat were draped over the back of the chair at the desk. Dean’s desk, with his guns mounted on the wall above it. Dean’s room.
“All right,” she said, surprisingly calm, “if you could just tell me what’s the matter with Jack here.”
“Not great,” Sam sighed, “she said she got out of the life for a while, but something happened, and she needed help with a case, so I put Jody on it.”
It was a long moment before Dean responded. “Don’t say that.”
Eileen smiled at him. “Don’t apologize.”
Dark.
“Uh,” Cas supplied, “he just said that he’s gonna–”
“Yeah?” he answered, his voice ragged.
“Then I’ll do it,” Cas said, hiking Jack up on his hip more securely.
“Hmm, as I thought.”
“Dean, what happened?”
The Empty dropped him back to the ground. “Come on, Castiel! Wouldn’t you rather be a fond memory than a constant, festering disappointment?” Cas yelled as the Empty planted a rough kick into his gut. He wanted to get up and fight, but instead he lay still. “Let’s just lay down. Let’s just try and sleep.” The Empty stroked his back, as if he were a toddler trying to stay up past his bedtime. It made Cas’ skin crawl. “Think about it. Infinite peace, yes? No regrets. No pain. Kiddo, save yourself.”
“Gabriel!” Dean yelled, “You son of a bitch!”
Patience set Jack on a ratty old desk, and they formed a semicircle around him. She let out a shaky breath.
“That’s what we’re not sure about,” Cas replied, “but Dean seems to think that Jack did it.”
“Is there, like, a head office for angels?”
The laptop on the coffee table chimed, so he walked over to the kitchen table so he could check the alert. A ‘code three,’ whatever that meant.
Cas opened his eyes.
As an afterthought, Dean grabbed a few shirts and sweaters in kid sizes for the refugee kids.
Mary nodded solemnly. “That’s fair,” she whispered. “I’ll tell Sam in the morning.”
“Gabriel,” he said cautiously, “where are Sam and Dean?”
“I see. Please, this way.” The doctor led them to a side room, decorated in the same minimalist but homey way as the rest of the place. “These people you lost, who were they?”
But she didn’t have to admit it to Jody.
“Speaking of, here’s the asshole who caught me now.”
Benny eyed Dean, sending him the briefest of apologetic looks before cracking into a smile.
“Whoops.”
“I don’t even know if he’s into guys..” Dean started, almost whispering as if to keep the words from leaving the safety of the, admittedly uncomfortable, futon. “He’s never shown interest in women either though. And I know his family would have been super shitty about it if he said anything about being gay or bi and he’s never told me about that so I have to assume he either never said anything or he’s straight. Or maybe asexual. I just don’t know but I don’t want to ruin our friendship by coming on to him, ya know? He’s my best friend. And mom and Sammy are basically the only family he’s got. I couldn’t do that to him, I couldn’t take that away from him Charlie…” Dean realized he was breathing hard and had basically word vomited all over Charlie. He took a deep breath and dropped his head into his hands. “And then I basically pushed him to go to this Meg chick. Why’d I do that?”
Dean moved his free hand behind his head to support himself as he looked down to meet Cas’ gaze.
“All of it. You can have all of it Cas. I’m already yours,” Dean whispered, resting his forehead against Cas’.
“Yeah, Cas?”
After a few short pauses to let roaming zombies pass and one close call with someone who looked suspiciously like Jo chasing after a clearly faster human, their group made it to the library and decided to pause for recon. The science building was within sight of the south western side library so they could send one or two people up to see how bad it was and not run too high of a risk of getting caught.
only smiled and pulled the hood back up.
“I’m only a few minutes early, I think this one may be on you. I don’t recall you being this jumpy last year.”
Dean glanced at Cas’ phone after wiping his eyes with his free hand and saw Jo’s name and picture on the screen. Cas rejected the call and turned off his phone as well, stretching over Dean to place both of them on the corner of Dean’s desk.
“Let’s go! I don’t know if I still have a tail or not,” Dean warned. Charlie scrambled from her hiding spot and fell in behind Dean as they both angled towards the dining hall. They were almost in the clear, just a quick minute or two jaunt keeping their heads up and they could relax for a bit. A quick thrown sock from Charlie and a brief sprint away from a mercifully slow zombie got them within view of the dining hall.
Michael seemed to consider this for a moment and Dean wasn't sure what direction it was going to go. Would Michael decide it was worth it to trash his relationship just for a bit of revenge? For a second, it looked like he might do just that. His hands clenched and unclenched, chest heaving and then, very slowly, he stopped.
“For what?” Cas asked. Dean heard the squeak of the chair as Cas stood. Without looking up, Dean could tell that Cas was at his side trying to catch his eye. Dean regretted saying anything, but then he saw the mug again. He trailed a finger down the handle and resolved himself to actually say something for once.
“Good call not wearing the skinny jeans, Cas. Gotta be hard to run in those,” Dean teased with a wink. Cas immediately rolled his eyes, clearly still too tired for Dean’s antics.
“Shit.”
“Yepp,” Jo said, popping a fry in her mouth, looking like she was studying the two of them.
“Pretty much,” Dean said, exhaustion seeping into his voice.
“You think he means Meg?” Charlie asked quietly.
“Alright people, I’m going east. Divide up into four groups. North against this wall, then east, south, and west,” Ash directed, pointing at walls as he went. Dean made a beeline for the east group, which seemed to be larger than the other three but Ash diverted some of them in the interest of keeping the groups equal. Once the groups had been finalized, Ash wandered over to their group, appraising them quickly and appearing to like what he saw, especially Charlie’s bandolier.
Dean opened his mouth to deny again but Charlie was giving him those kicked puppy eyes and there was no way he could lie straight to her face like that. Instead he opted to intensely scrutinize his fingernails in silence. Charlie sighed and moved to sit down on the lumpy blue futon shoved into the corner of the small dorm room.
“Do I need to give you a heads up before I open the door now?”
“It’s burger day, of course he’s already done,” Dean retorted. Glancing down at Cas’ tray, he confirmed that there were only breadcrumbs and a few stray fries remaining. He looked up and noticed that Cas was eyeing Dean’s burger with interest.
“Attention! Can I have your attention! Thank you all for coming! My name is Ash, but you can call me Dr. Badass.” Ash stood on top of a table at the front of the room, a lab coat with the sleeves ripped off over his usual ratty plaid shirt.
“You wanna go on your own, be my guest. If not, see you soon,” Dean warned before hanging up and shoving his phone back in his pocket. Charlie should be headed for their agreed upon meeting spot on the corner of the east parking lot but he didn’t want to hang around there for longer than necessary. The area was wide open, perfect terrain for a certain football playing asshole.
Dean chuckled when Cas sighed as he pulled out his phone to check the notification and saw it was just Dean. Immediately, a wave of texts came back in response.
“Anytime, sunshine,” Dean said, winking as he opened the door. Seeing that the coast was clear, he slipped out into the hall, but he heard Cas say something as he left.
“I screwed up a lot, too. From Dad to my deal, from breaking in Hell and letting that first seal shatter to Gadreel and the Mark. I’ve made so many mistakes, man. But you saw through all of that. You saw
?” he said, knowing that he was asking more than one thing.
*****
“But then you rebelled and went against everything you knew, everything you understood and you did it, all of it, for us.”
“Like what?” Cas asked, his voice growing quieter as the volume on the next song turned down.
Cas tilted his body towards Dean but stayed quiet, giving him the space to voice what he needed to say.
“How about you guys? Any plans?”
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas exclaimed, reaching for his arm to spin him around.
“And his questionable mother,” Gabriel added. “You think she’s looking for a new friend?”
Cas straightened and smiled in a way that made Dean think the words had not been so innocent after all. “I look forward to it. As long as the music is anything but this nonsense. I’ve told Gabriel time and time again but he refuses to listen. You can hardly hear another person speak in this place. How can you be expected to carry on a conversation over all this noise?"
“There’s a diner just up the road. Is that good enough?” Dean asked and when Cas gave a nod, they slowly made their way. “I didn’t mean to poke fun at your name earlier."
“It’s a good thing I intend to stay,” Cas said, closing the gap between them. “Dean, the world is finally safe. In Jack’s hands, we can trust that the peril that has consumed us for so many years has settled down. We can take a step back, like you said. Both of us.”
He flushed once more at his own words, knowing he should be embarrassed but the smile Cas gave him was worth it. They shared a final kiss before they slid off the hood and climbed inside the Impala, cooler dropped into the backseat, the beers long forgotten.
. No truer words were ever spoken.
“Remember when your social skills were rusty? Now you’re making all these declarations,” Dean said with a nervous laugh. “You got a way with words, sweetheart.”
“I may be inexperienced,” Cas said, tilting up to catch his eyes. “But I have years of pent-up longing that I can finally address. Also, Google is quite informative. So is the Pizza Man.”
Their hands roamed freely, lips searching with every kiss, no longer afraid to give in to this feeling between them, no longer afraid to submit. They let themselves breathe each other in, hands carving out every curve and sharp angle, learning of their existence. As the kisses grew more insistent, needy sounds fell from Dean’s throat with every slip of tongue that Cas gave him. A part of Dean wanted to fall backwards on the cool metal, to drag Cas above his own body and lose himself in the moment. But he also knew that when their bodies finally came together as one, he didn’t want to be caught out in the open. As sappy and romantic as it was and sue him, but he was soft for that crap despite his insistence of no chick-flick moments, Dean wanted their first time to be in his bed.
“They don’t know that they’re in a… a C–word,” Dean hissed. “And we’re not gonna tell them about anything. Not where we’re from, not about monsters. Nothing, capiche?” Sam stared at him like he was speaking in tongues. “They are pure and innocent and good, and we’re gonna keep it that way.”
With an exaggerated sigh, Claire took the out from emotions. “Ugh, really?”
Though it shouldn’t have been possible, Cas blacked out.
“Jack?”
“Yeah, we should move.” Kaia followed them out of the warehouse.
“Psychics?” Patience echoed. “Then what does he want with me?”
“I see,” she said as Dean tucked the empty bottle back in his pocket.
“Honestly,” she pressed. “Having your skull crushed and being burned alive can do that to a girl.” Dean did not want to picture it. He’d seen enough body horror in his lifetime. “And it’s my tracking spell, so, if you want to find those girls… you’ll need me.”
Sam thought of Garth and his family. Not all monsters were bad; maybe Dr. Vallens was a member of that minority.
Dean’s eyes widened in shock. “We are not tattooing a baby.”
“His fever won’t go down,” Cas said, his voice full of worry. “I can’t… I can’t figure out what’s wrong.”
Her cell rang, pulling her out of her reverie. Speak of the devil.
“Angels,” Mary hissed back.
Quicker than Cas ever remembered being, his counterpart was rushing toward him, blade at the ready. Though Cas parried the strike, he immediately recognized that this version of himself was much more seasoned and much better trained in battle. He would not win a straight fight.
“Well, I mean, it’s Alaska,” Rori piped up. “People have died of all sorts of things, especially in the gold rush eras.”
“No,” Rowena moaned.
Dean just stared. Fear creeped through his stony expression.
“Uh-huh,” Jody grunted back.
Her boys had certainly formed their own little ragtag family, though. She liked Eileen a lot already. She was fierce, but kind, and she could see that Sam loved her very much. Gabriel was quite the character, and maybe not the best influence on Jack, but he had his nephew’s best interests at heart. Rowena was mysterious, but seemed to have taken on a mentoring role for Sam, and she appreciated that.
Sam thought about it for a moment. “And that works?”
Gabriel rolled his eyes, then snapped his fingers, and the smell disappeared. “Better?”
“Right, on it.” The archangel left the room.
“Yep. And I knew how you’d react.” She didn’t look up, but she knew Claire was nodding.
“Hey, old man.” She slumped onto the couch next to him. “How are you doing?”
Dean nodded. Sam was right. “Okay, let’s go.”
Dean’s blood ran cold when he thought of Jack. John would have killed Jack in the cradle.
“She does,” Claire said, gesturing to Kaia. The girl lurked in the doorway, although Patience couldn’t tell if she was more afraid of the horrific corpse or the motley crew of hunters.
“Is that why you hate Fred so much?” Sam teased.
“Dean, what other option do we have?”
“Oh.” The angel sat himself in the chair next to Dean and let out a breath.
“Sheriff Phillips?”
“Wan’ Da!”
Sam smiled. “Well, that’s a little bit of good news, at least.”
“Oh, Sammy, Sammy, Sammy,” Lucifer taunted, grabbing Sam’s hair in his hand and pulling his face up until he was forced to look into those hellfire red eyes. “We’re going to have such a good time. I’m all powered up on nephilim grace; now that I hold the power of Hell, I’m going to have some fun with it. And I want you to see. I want you to watch as I bring the world to its knees.”
“Also out in the main area. She–”
Jody rocked her gently. She could barely hold her head up on her own. Her grief weighed on her like nothing she’d ever known.
“Yeah. Gimme, like, half an hour, I’ll go grab it.” He swung his legs down, stood, and promptly vanished.
“Sandwich for Jamal.”
“I don’t know, I never really said,” Mariana replied nervously.
A realization dawned on Cas. “Having you awake causes you pain,” he said slowly.
“Close your mouth, Samuel, you’ll catch flies in your mouth. I brought some friends.”
“All I wanted was to watch a movie in my own damn house!” Dean grumbled, settling on the bed next to Cas.
“Not really,” Alex replied. So, things weren’t so dire as to outlaw their usual sarcastic banter. That was good.
Sam stared at the child in disbelief. It was so human, so helpless. This tiny little person could bring the universe to its knees? Could tear through the fabric of space and time? It seemed impossible.
Slowly and deliberately, Sam read the words.
Honestly, she wasn’t sure why she ever loved John to begin with. He was safe, he was normal, he was so different from the life she’d known, but she could have had that same life with someone else. Anyone else.
“Sam,” he said breathlessly, standing in the kitchen entryway. Mary took a seat next to Sam, across from Rowena, still staring John down.
“Dean.”
“Good.” Dean chuckled nervously. “I mean, if Kevin Tran can do it, surely we can.” Sam shook his head morosely and walked back down the hall. Dean turned back into the bedroom.
Lucifer spat on the ground. Michael hung his head in shame.
Dean stood over the cloth-covered intruder, fists at the ready.
Cas was gone.
“Every notebook on this shelf tells a version of how you die,” she said, gesturing at the shelves stacked so high that Dean couldn’t see the top. “You specifically– heart attack, burned by a red-haired witch, stabbed by a ghoul in a graveyard, impaled by a piece of rebar, and on and on.” She paused a moment, eyes drifting over the shelf. “But which one’s right?” She turned back to him. “That depends on you. On the choices you make.” She looked him over briefly. “Since I got this new job, I stand witness to a much larger picture. Do you know what I see?” She paused, as if waiting for Dean to answer, as if Dean could possibly know. “You. And your brother. You’re important.”
“But I killed you!”
“It wasn’t until they got to the bottom of the pass that they realized that one of the little girls was missing. This girl was the town’s troublemaker, always playing in the mineshaft despite her mother telling her not to.
“Yeah, yeah,” Lucifer replied, irritation plain in his voice, “that whole shape-shifty thing he does? I didn’t give him that. But so what? The old dog’s learned some new tricks. Eventually, he’s gonna mess up, and then he’s mine, okay?”
“You should get to class, Dean. You’re running late.” Cas noted with one last glance to his phone before pocketing it and pushing off the wall. Dean jumped back as Cas approached but he only continued walking down the sidewalk at a leisurely pace towards his own class. Dean shook his head, clearing the stunned stupor that had locked up his mind during that bizarre conversation.
Dean was lounging in his bed with the map spread out in front of him. He was still pretty thrown off by his conversation with Meg and it was persistently nagging in the back of his head while he tried to focus on drawing up a decent route for him and Charlie for the next day. Taking care to avoid the quad, he finally came up with something usable and took a picture to send to Charlie before wiping it clean.
Dean cleared his throat and willed himself, just this once to not blush. The last thing he wanted was for Meg to pick up on that can of worms.
Dean 10:56 AM: You will not guess what just happened to me…
“Dean Winchester, you open this door!”
“You are playing with fire, Angel,” Dean murmured, relishing the feel of Cas’ weight over him. Cas paused, still mostly on top of Dean.
Skidding to a halt just inside the doors of the dining hall, Dean and Charlie doubled over to catch their breaths. They had just led half a dozen overly enthusiastic zombies on a mad chase through the quad. Dean had been forced to leap over a particularly ambitious zombie who had actually dove for Dean’s legs in an attempt to trip him. He wasn’t exactly sure if that was regulation, but he gave the guy points for commitment.
The two of them made the quick jaunt from the dining hall to Charlie’s dorm with only a single close call that nearly led to another run in with Michael but thankfully they had seen him first. After ducking into the shadow of a building, it was a matter of a quick sprint here, a thrown sock there. All standard at this point of the week. Things would really ramp up on Friday. The second night game would likely end up with quite a few humans turning. That was how it had gone the last two years at least.
“I’m not going to come after you today.”
It was a calculated risk. Dean hadn’t taken a class in that building since his first year so he wasn’t as familiar with it’s layout and it was possible he would run into other zombies. But the benefits outweighed the negatives. There would be a higher concentration of regular students to get lost in and to get in Michael’s way. Michael should also be as unfamiliar with the building as Dean was. Neither of them would be able to run full speed so Dean could focus on losing Michael in the winding halls instead.
Dean and Charlie sprinted the rest of the way to the door, arriving far before the zombie Charlie had spotted could reach them. Dean couldn’t help but stick his tongue out at the guy through the wall of windows as he slowed to a stop. The guy flipped him off with a friendly but exasperated smile before jogging off to undoubtedly find some other humans to chase. That’s part of what Dean loved about all of this; For how competitive it got, it was still a game. Sometimes it was a very high intensity and nerve wracking game, but a game nonetheless.
“Holy shit, Cas. Did you just blackmail him?” Dean breathed, shakily.
“I dunno, kinda sounded like a bottle rocket,” Dean said, refusing to look at Max and carefully poking his head back around the corner. No zombies. He turned back to the group and waved them to keep going. Charlie and Alicia nodded and moved up to the next alcove to urge the rest of the group onward.
“What?”
“Alrighty folks, we’re in the endgame now. What’s the plan,” Ash said, rubbing his hands together. Dean had no idea how he was handling the cold without any sort of sleeves but the guy looked completely unphased.
“Yes, Dean?”
“You aren’t getting it. There’s one piece you’re still missing. I thought it would have been obvious but it looks like you’re going to need a little push. I’ll give you a clue: Why?”
As the door swung shut, Dean found himself being pressed against it for the second time that night. Cas must have ditched the blanket because all Dean felt was miles of bare skin beneath his fingertips where his hands had instinctively come to rest on Cas’ waist. He couldn’t be bothered to look for the blanket when Cas’ lips were busying themselves with the underside of Dean’s jaw.
“Cas, you gotta turn me. The dude’s obsessed, I just wanna be done,” Dean insisted, clutching at Cas’ hoodie and panting heavily. Cas looked completely taken aback and gaped at Dean for just a moment before steeling himself. Dean could almost imagine those giant black wings and glowing eyes from his dream.
Or maybe
Unfortunately, with the Apocalypse in full swing, Michael had an excuse to chase after him again. Dean had thought that since it had been nearly a year since the rejection, Michael would have gotten over it but apparently the guy could hold a grudge like nobody’s business.
“Alright. I can accept that at least. Now what are you doing still talking to me? Get back in there,” Jo said, waving him off. Dean smiled and gave her a nod.
“So many socks,” he added wistfully.
Hello everyone! Sorry for the longer than expected delay! I probably will be going down to updating one a week for these last few chapters but we’ll see.
“‘Hallways in all campus buildings, including dorms, are fair play’? Dean, how am I supposed to get to class?” Cas grumbled as he turned his gaze back up to Dean.
Dean leaned back and rolled his eyes at Cas, who was grinning back at him, eyes bright and warm. Dean couldn’t even bring himself to be annoyed when Cas looked that happy. He figured that he had to look pretty similar because Cas’ smile grew impossibly brighter.
“Well, now we just need to focus on getting you through the rest of the week so we can get you on that date,” Charlie grinned and for the first time all day, Dean was feeling hopeful again.
“I love you too, Cas.”
“How was I supposed to know he was going to go all Predator on us? I thought it was going to be a sure thing!”
“Ignoring her never works…” Dean panted, digging his fingers into Cas’ hip.
“So we’re trusting Cas on this?”
“It really isn’t fine. He clearly isn’t mature enough to know that no means no. I understand that you don’t want to get the school involved but if he does anything else, at least tell me. Please, you don’t have to try to handle this all by yourself, Dean,” Cas pleaded, resting a hand on Dean’s knee.
“I’ll see you back at the dorm.” And he stepped back into the shadow of the building and all but disappeared. Dean sighed and turned around feeling the eyes on his back once more.
Throughout the whole story, Dean was barely paying attention to Benny and Charlie, instead keeping an eye on Meg out of the corner of his eye. So far there had been no lingering touches, no soul gazing, no coy whispers, but Dean couldn’t help but to be on edge. He picked sullenly at his Philly, trying not to let his irritation show. Charlie had been pretty convincing that Cas wasn’t interested in Meg but if that were true, then why was she here? It was one thing for him to meet up with her to gain a little perspective before going into his first night game but another thing entirely for her to be eating lunch with them now. Did he invite her or did she invite herself? He wasn’t sure which was worse.
“We still have one more day of this shit…” Dean panted as he slowly straightened up, still bracing a hand on the wall. Cas, holding Charlie’s bandolier, came jogging through the door looking as composed as ever followed by a seething Michael.
“Goddammit.” Dean hissed, pausing in his tracks. Charlie placed her hand on Dean’s arm for just a second. Enough to reassure him but gone before anyone noticed. As if by some sixth sense, Meg turned her head and grinned when she saw the two of them.
“Good morning, Dean.”
“Better skedaddle there champ, thirty seconds isn’t all that long.” She warned mockingly. Dean turned back and tossed Charlie’s sock back into her waiting hand and they took back off to the building.
"I believe so, yes. Thanks to Charlie, I think I have everything I need to deal with Michael, too” Cas said thoughtfully. Dean raised an eyebrow and stood to prep the coffeemaker for two cups instead of just the one for the first time since Monday.
Dean cleared his throat and reluctantly moved back to his desk where the coffee pot was hissing away. He considered it for a moment before answering.
“You know exactly what I’m talking about. You’re a zombie, act like a zombie. It’s against the rules to help the humans,” Michael growled.
“Thanks, Charles. I needed the reminder,” he groaned, raising his head to glare at her out of the corner of his eye. She laughed softly and rubbed gentle circles between his shoulder blades.
“Oh my god, are they always this bad?” Alicia groaned, breaking the two of them out of their impromptu staring contest.
“Don’t even joke about that. I more than made up for accidentally tripping you in that battle. No, I just need the bells. Would you mind if we temporarily cut them off?”
“Fine, yes, I’ll let you know if he does anything crazy, alright?” Dean conceded, still not making eye contact. He hated the idea of anyone else getting involved in this mess, but if there was anyone that he could trust, it was Cas.
“Jesus, Cas! Gotta put a bell on you or something…” Dean turned back and busied himself with his pizza, ignoring the not so muffled snickers from his friends.
“10,” Cas stated, leaving no room whatsoever for debate.
Dean didn’t bother slowing himself, choosing to crash directly into the wall in front of him. He spun and saw Michael at the top of the stairs, literally jumping down to the landing. With no time to consider the impending collision, Dean threw the sock and hit his target. He also had no time to celebrate though because Michael only avoided completely crushing Dean by slamming his palms against the wall on either side of Dean’s head.
Dean took a deep breath, shook his head, and took his usual spot next to Cas, Charlie to his right. Benny, who was just on the other side of Charlie, launched into a play-by-play of how he got caught including how Charlie had managed to actually hit Cas with a sock but it had already been too late. They both lamented how they had been expecting him to at least come from the direction of Dean and Cas’ dorm but he had been smart and flanked them.
“Hey guys, keep up. It’s gunna get hairy from here on out,” Cesar whispered from up ahead. Max and Dean jogged to catch back up with the group as they skirted the edge of the parking lot lights, finally starting to work more to the north than to the east. Again, Dean felt those eyes on his back.
“Jeez, Cas is fast too.... Ya know, we should have seen this coming. Cas is going to be a much better zombie than he was a human...”
“Okay,” Dean whispered.
“9:30.”
Dean paused for a moment and then recalled the moment when he heard someone yell about Ash coming up from the south. Someone he was sure sounded like Meg. The gears turned for a second longer before it finally clicked.
“Psst”
Finally having made their way through the line, Dean and Charlie paid for their food and made their way to the table. Dean was glad he could share the plan with Charlie before they got to the table because the second they arrived, all thoughts of the map left his head. Sitting between Cas and Jo at the circular table was another familiar face. Meg.
Cas slid his hand down from Dean’s wrist to capture his fingers and with the other hand, gently cupped Dean’s cheek.
“Nah, Benny is keeping an eye on me. But hey, it’s dangerous to go alone, take this!” she said, voice muffled under the book but still noticeably giddy. “I’ve always wanted to say that.”
“Still doesn’t mean it was right for me to take my frustration out on you.”
“That’s why I met up with her on Tuesday. I was asking her for help. I told her about our bet and she agreed to help me. So did Benny and Jo. Charlie too after lunch today,” Cas stated like it was not the most shocking revelation so far.
“I wonder, do you care more about winning the bet than maintaining your streak of remaining human?” Cas asked after a long moment. Dean scoffed but realized he hadn’t even thought of his streak in that moment. The original bet they had made last week had been focused so specifically on keeping Cas human simply because Dean was confident in his ability to protect Cas as well as himself. Obviously that had gone straight out the window when Cas was turned. Ever since then, his focus had been steadily shifting from staying human at all costs to making sure that if anyone turned him, it would be Cas. It was no surprise to Dean that even though the rules of the game had changed, the end goal still revolved around Cas.
Dean continued to stare at his fingernails but let out a deep breath. She was right. If anyone would get it, it was Charlie. How many times had she confided in Dean about her crush on her roommate Gilda? And besides, Charlie was the first person he’d actually confided in about being bi.
“How… I don’t know who you’re talking about.” Michael replied, obviously nervous. A pair of humans ran past, being chased by four zombies and the three of them completely ignored it.
“I noticed a flyer for a new beekeeping club starting in the spring and stepped out into the hall for just a second to investigate and... I was ambushed. But I did take down the details for the club.” Dean couldn’t help but to crack a smile at how sheepishly excited Cas sounded about the club. He cleared his throat and wiped the smile from his face, hoping he sounded properly chastising.
He could hear the muffled sounds of other students gathered in the lounge area on the other side of the building but otherwise the floor was quiet. All the other students would either be studying at the library or in their rooms, hunkering down until it was time to leave, or out on campus searching for humans to chase. Dean had the hall mostly to himself but he would also be a pretty big target if a zombie chanced upon him, which wasn’t out of the question.
“Thank you,” Cas said before removing his hand. Dean immediately missed the contact but forced himself to turn back to his desk while Cas walked back to his own.
“Dean?”
“I dunno. Can’t remember,” Dean mumbled, breaking eye contact.
“Son of a bitch! I’m never buying that brand of thread again!” Charlie screamed.
"And it will stay that way as long as you leave Dean alone from now on," Cas said, deadly serious.
“It means that tomorrow I’m going to catch Benny, I’m going to catch Charlie on Thursday, and then on Friday, I’ll catch you.” Dean actually got chills from the level of conviction Cas was exuding. This was not a mere threat, this was a promise, a statement of fact. He’s gone full blown Rambo... Dean momentarily paused in his slow retreat, forgetting for just a second that he needed to watch his back too. A quick look over his shoulder ensured he was still unnoticed. Cas seemed completely uninterested in Dean’s paranoia, lending credence to his previous statement about Jo being his only target.
“Yeah?”
“Good, good… C’mon, I bet everyone else is already at the table. I need some food, stat,” Charlie said with one last large inhale before pushing off the wall and following after the group of girls. Dean and Charlie fell into line for Philly Cheesesteaks, one of Dean’s favorite offerings and one of the more popular lunch choices when it happened to be served.
“Why would they do that?” Dean asked quietly, still hopelessly confused.
Step 4: (and this was the most dangerous part of the plan) Meet in the quad and head to the dining hall together. This part of the plan had the highest chance of infection since the quad would be busiest during this part of the day but that was the other side of the coin. More humans to distract the few zombies that start off the event. On day one of the zombie apocalypse, the only zombies in play are the students on the planning committee. The ratio should be stacked to their advantage this early on. As long as they keep an eye out for any headband bandanas, they should be able to avoid infection.
“He kinda said yes, I guess? It’s part of a bet. If I stay human, he has to go on a date with me.”
“You could make this easy and wait here for 25 more seconds,” he offered.
“What?” Dean asked, unsure where Cas’ thoughts had gone.
Cas raised an eyebrow, clearly not expecting that answer. Dean ran a hand through his hair and averted his eyes, looking anywhere but at Cas. “If I stay human, go on a date with me.”
“Dean, it’s okay you don’t have to-“
“Oh you’re done for Winchester, just you wait!” Michael called after them as they jogged to the door of the dining hall.
Dean glanced back and saw they only had the one zombie on them now. He made a split second decision and threw his last sock at the zombie, hitting her solidly in the arm. She threw her hands up in exasperation and sat down on the ground in a huff and Dean sprinted to catch back up to Charlie.
He looked toward the front of the class and noticed Professor Crowley eyeing him with impatience. Dean grabbed the stack and whispered a quick apology. He dug in his bag for his own papers, managing to find them after only a few seconds. Thankful to have not made a complete fool of himself, he passed the stack further down the row. Dean shoved his phone back into his pocket and decided to save the rest of his scheming for when he was not in the middle of class. At least not this class.
“Excuse me, what?” Dean exclaimed, completely stunned.
“I’m going to look into starting off as a zombie next year.”
Well there we have it! My first ever completed fic! 🥳 I hope you all liked it! I certainly enjoyed writing it (for the most part). I have more fics planned for the future, a couple one shots and one or two multi chapter fics, all more or less in this universe, but one thing I learned from this experience is that I’m going to write the whole thing out before posting! So I’ll see you all then!
“Fake one. Either way you won’t see his reactions when he figures it out so may as well throw him for a loop in the process.”
“Correct again. Maybe there’s hope for you yet.”
“Were you actually jealous of Meg?”
It seemed that she knew better than to push when he was in this dark of a mood and Dean was infinitely grateful for that fact. He decided that he would make it up to her somehow.
They settled down after a few moments and Dean rubbed the tears out of his eyes. The room was silent then. When Dean turned his head to look over at his friend, Cas was right there looking back at him with those startlingly blue eyes, a soft smile on his face. Dean’s breath caught at the sudden electricity in the air. Dean panicked.
had to come?” His annoyance cranked up a notch as he took in the gazes of literally his entire group of friends. Some shocked (Jo, Charlie, and Alicia), some amused (Jesse, Cesar, and Meg) and some weirdly appreciative (Max and Benny). It was then that Dean remembered that he was shirtless. Cas too. Shit, Cas. Dean looked behind him apologetically and saw Cas grumpily pulling one of Dean’s blankets around his shoulders. Dean turned back around and closed the door as much as he could while still addressing the nosy group in the hall.
He hadn’t heard anyone walking down the hall but he still checked both ways before turning for the stairs. It was this small act of diligence that prevented this game of his and Cas’ from coming to a screeching halt. To the right, standing not even 20 feet away from where Dean poked his head out, was Michael with a triumphant grin on his asshole face.
Dean considered this. Meg and Michael were pretty hot on their tails today. Would Cas really be willing to throw his teammates under the bus in order to keep his own plan on track?
Cas reached out with his other hand and took hold of the sock hanging off of Dean’s left hip, not pulling it yet, just holding.
“Not like I needed much arm twisting to take on that asshole. He’s a self righteous prick who thinks he’s better than the rest of us just because his dad is some hot shot who paid his way into the school.”
Meg had been in on it basically the whole time. That had led to a number of realizations. If Cas had told her about the bet and what Cas wanted if he won, he could almost guarantee that she knew that Dean had proposed a date for his side of the deal. That then meant that Meg very likely knew that Dean liked Cas. That would also mean that Meg knew she was riling Dean up when she was flirting with Cas at lunch on Wednesday. The question there was: why? Was it to prove something or just mess with Dean in general? If Cas hadn’t told her about the date though…
Cas grabbed the phone out of Dean’s hand and pressed a kiss to the bolt of Dean’s jaw.
Dean laughed at her little self satisfied wiggle before he grabbed the bandolier from beside her. Not wanting to push his luck, Dean started off towards class again.
“I’m assuming you’ve heard about Jo already?” Dean glanced quickly behind himself, not liking having his back to the rest of campus. He was almost expecting Jo to be behind him based on Cas’ remark but that would mean that Jo would have had to book it over here as quickly as Cas did. Thinking about it, Dean was suddenly stunned by how Cas was even here. Jo’s dorm was a good 5 minute walk away and it had only been 2, maybe 3, since he got the text from her. That meant that Cas had sprinted here so he could be waiting for Dean. Cas wasn’t even breathing hard.
“Well, if it isn’t the dynamic duo. We’ve been waiting for you two. Hope you didn’t run into any trouble on the way,” She commented rather unconvincingly Dean thought. Her voice gave Dean the mental image of slime running down his spine and he barely suppressed a full body shiver.
Dean scanned the pathway for bandanas as they exited the dorm out into the early morning chill but only saw humans. Their dorm was on the far west side of campus and from where they had exited the building, ahead were administrative buildings on the right and the science building on the left. Most of the other dorms were further to the south so they had a bit of a buffer from where the rest of the action would be. A shriek off in the distance from that direction caught both of their attentions and Cas gave a soft snort of amusement.
“Go Benny! Make sure the dumbass doesn’t get into trouble,” Dean sighed, rubbing a hand over his face as Benny nodded and jogged off to catch up with Cas. “And you,” he pointed at Charlie. “None of that from you. We’re all gunna make it this year.” Charlie quirked an eyebrow at that. “Okay, fine all of us except maybe Jo. Girl’s got shit luck.” They both shared a quick laugh at that before turning and heading across campus to the humanities building.
“Meg, did you know that Cas is, like, super smart? Didn’t you get a bunch of scholarships this year?”
“Cas. Got. Jo.”
“Yeah, and that corner to the left outside your dorm entrance? Meg got me there last year.” Jo was still obviously annoyed by that particular infection.
“I don’t know what you’re referring to,” Cas responded, face carefully neutral. Michael scoffed, rolling his eyes.
Happy Saturday! Here’s another chapter for your reading pleasure! As always, thank you to my beta Kit! Parts of this chapter had been written when I was half asleep so it probably needed the most work.
"How the hell did you come up with that?" Dean asked, laughing at the ridiculousness of what just happened.
Dean flung open the door to the stairwell and did his best to pull it closed behind him. He sprinted down the steps as fast as he dared and made it to the landing before he heard the door open above him.
“Come on, man. Back off. It’s just a game.” Dean interjected, stepping between Michael and Cas. Benny, Charlie, Jo and even Max and Jesse stepped up beside him. Michael didn’t seem to notice, too focused on staring Dean down. Dean glared back, unwilling to back down with all his friends at his side. Just as Michael opened his mouth to respond, Meg sauntered through the doors and leaned up against the wall.
“You sure you don’t wanna go to the school with this?” Benny asked. Dean shot a glance at Cas and was happy to see he wasn’t preparing to agree with Benny, though he knew Cas likely wanted to.
“What kind of Pomeranians have you come across, Jo..?” Benny asked with a snort.
“Okay?” Dean was shocked that Cas didn’t shoot that down outright.
Dean looked up in surprise at the cold anger in Cas’ voice and saw a matching stormy look on his face.
A surprised gasp, the sounds of stumbling, a frustrated growl, Meg’s “Hey! Watch it, hotshot!”, then Jesse and Max grinning and waving them forward while Jo whooped excitedly solidified the decision. Whatever Meg had done had bought them just a second. Enough to gain one last burst of energy to push forward.
Cas looked straight at Dean and with a glowing smile on his face, held up a single finger.
Dean dropped into his seat near the front of the class and stared at the text in shocked silence, it was completely impossible. Knowing that Cas was planning on going for Benny, he had put so much extra thought into Benny’s route specifically. Dean had even convinced Charlie to go with Benny instead of him this morning, just for the extra protection. All that work and it didn’t even make a difference. He had to be cheating somehow, right? There was no way he was actually that good. But how was he cheating? You idiot. The map. He’s gotta be looking at the map after I fall asleep.
The plan was fairly simple:
“Wow. You’re pretty proud of that, aren’t you?”
“Oh, um. Bye guys!” Charlie squeaked, following Dean towards the trash cans.
“Can we shut up about Meg!” Dean snapped, slamming a palm against the table. The tables around them fell silent for a moment. Dean’s ears burned red as he hunched back over his pizza. After a moment or two the chatter picked back up but their own table remained silent. Charlie, who had been quiet through all of this, laid a hand on Dean’s arm.
“Holy shit...” Dean pulled up Charlie’s contact and hit the call button. “C’mon, pick up, pick up...” Dean fidgeted until he heard Charlie’s harried voice on the other end.
“Duh, everyone else can see your heart eyes from space. Well, maybe except for your friend Jo, but we got her up to speed eventually. Actually, hearing Benny tell the story of how you basically ripped her head off for insinuating Clarence and I were going on a date, I couldn’t have planned that better myself. And I wasn’t even in the know at that point,” she laughed.
"No, I'm making a promise."
Dean still remembers spitting out his drink and Cas poking his head around the corner from the living room with a questioning look on his face while Dean waved him off with a blush. Cas scolded Gabe for harassing his friend before disappearing back around the corner. Dean had quickly and quietly corrected that nothing was going on between them and Gabe had shrugged.
Suddenly, Jesse and Max stepped out of the dining hall and threw socks at the surprised zombies that had been waiting for Dean and Charlie to get closer while Benny and Jo held the doors open from inside. The path ahead was now open but they weren’t in the clear just yet. He could still hear Michael’s pounding run close behind them.
“So, uh, mind filling us in here?” Jesse asked, breaking Dean from his line of thought. Beside him, Max nodded in agreement.
“Jo jus’ likes runnin’ her mouth, you know that,” Benny drawled. “She don’t mean no harm by it, she just don’t know when to stop sometimes.”
Michael’s eyes flashed with anger before Dean’s words really settled in and then he seemed to deflate. Without another word, Michael turned away and walked further into campus, away from the sounds of screaming coming from the fields in the distance. For a moment, Dean and Cas just stood there, taking in what just happened. Dean was the first to break the silence with a long exhale.
“I think Cas has been cheating. There’s no way he should have gotten to Benny that quickly this morning. I think he’s been looking at the map after I go to bed,” Dean muttered.
A jingling pulled Dean from the dream and for just a second he wondered what that noise had been but then he cracked an eyelid and saw Cas’ unmistakable blue eyes directly in front of him. Suddenly Dean remembered the dream and could feel the blush rising on his cheeks.
“She was the one who came after us yesterday on the way to lunch.” Jo continued, ignoring Benny’s comment.
“Look, guys… I don’t-“ Dean started, but then his gaze stopped on Cas. Instead of pity, he only saw reassurance and Dean’s mind blanked for a second. The two of them both understood that they could tell the other (almost) anything. They were each other’s confidants and the fact that Dean hadn’t told Cas about this was enough of an indicator to the both of them about how much it bothered Dean.
“Assbutt?” He asked incredulously. Cas shrugged with a grimace. “We’re gunna talk about that later... Let’s get out of here. See ya round, Mikey.” Dean realized that he really should learn when to quit but the opportunity was too good to pass up.
“Wha?”
“Dean, I just want to reiterate that I’m only interested in you. Have only ever been interested in you.”
Or even better, he could draw up a totally new route that doesn’t come close to the real one and see how Cas reacts to that.
“Okay, since we didn’t hear the high pitched shrieks of those three girls, I think it’s safe to say that the coast is currently clear. Time to move.” Dean stepped out into the hall, pausing for Cas to pull their door shut behind them. At the soft click of the door, Dean moved up to the end of the hall. He pressed his back to the left side of the wall and peered around the corner towards the stairwell. Seeing and hearing no immediate signs of excitement, he waved Cas forward and headed for the stairs. Down two flights and through one more hall, they reached the front doors to the dorm.
“What do you mean?” Patience asked, her voice as hard as stone.
“What did you see that night?” he asked.
“Is that so?” Rowena turned back to them. Dean felt a prickle of fear run down his spine. “Fergus was my only child.” Her voice broke. “And I promise you, I’d much rather have a living son, even one that hated me, than a dead hero!”
This was fine by Dean. He had some business to attend to, and he didn’t really want Cas to know about it. He got dressed, skipped breakfast, knowing that he didn’t really need to eat anyway, and drove the Impala to the Roadhouse. He knew exactly who would be able to find the doors to Heaven’s head office.
“I’ll go with you,” Dean said. No way he was letting Cas go alone. Not if he was going to get himself as badly injured as he did with Lucifer. The dude wouldn’t admit it, but he was low on angel mojo, and he needed the backup.
Jody entered the room, and nodded at them. So Claire wasn’t about to run into the nearest vamp nest and take herself out. Good. She liked her crazy sort-of-sister, despite all the fights they got into.
“Still too long.”
“Not in any way that matters,” Dean retorted firmly. He fixed John with a hard stare.
“No,” she replied, crying, “What the hell is going on?”
“It’s like a furry diaper,” he commented.
“I don’t get cold.”
“I was out,” she replied, “Amanda Palmer concert.”
“We,” Lucifer corrected. “We.”
“Where?” Dean didn’t bother to keep the snap out of his tone.
“What I have to,” Cas replied simply.
She cocked the gun, and passed it to her. “Okeydoke, here ya go. Aim in their general direction, relax, and squeeze.” She tried to take in this information, but the gun felt so heavy and foreign in her hands, it was hard to pay attention. “Squeeze.” She looked back up at Donna, certain that every little bit of nervousness showed on her face. “Don’t pull.”
“What Buddy did was my fault,” Dr. Vallens replied solemnly. “I should’ve….” She shook her head. “You guys can go. I’ll take care of him.” Sam nodded at her, and she sighed. “You know, I just… I just wanted to help people.”
“How’d you guess?” he replied, smirking. His heart pounded in his chest. He did not want to talk about that night. He would not.
“I’m sorry?” Dr. Vallens replied, taken aback by Dean’s rough tone.
“No!”
“He’s not your son,” Rowena retorted. Dean hadn’t even realized she was in the room.
Dean was lost for words. What could he possibly say to set this anywhere remotely right? He’d have to think of something for later, because Sam stormed out of the room, leaving Dean with the shrink and the slowly waking baby.
“The hell?”
“He opened a portal. It closed before Cas or I could figure out what was on the other side.”
“Werewolves? Vampires? Demons?”
“The Muppet professor attacked you?” Dean asked loudly and incredulously. “Why?”
“Angel blades don’t cause allergic reactions,” Charlie replied, advancing on Cas. Dean stepped in between them.
“You’re scared.”
Three weeks later, Dean and Castiel showed up at their new camp.
His son was sitting in his high chair, driving a toy car across the tray and making tiny engine noises with his mouth. Cas’ heartstrings tugged, and he felt tears pricking his eyes. He couldn’t believe how much he loved his son. It felt so much more acute now.
“Damn,” Dean replied, eyebrows raised in casual surprise.
“I’m sorry,” Cas replied, without a drop of remorse in his voice.
Claire stopped yelling. “Kaia?” she cried.
“Well, that’s a chilling story,” Dean said. Cheesy, but sure, chilling. “So we’re dealing with the ghost of a little girl, huh? What was her name?”
“Help!” she shrieked.
“No? Not even to rid the world of the big, bad, Devil?” Lucifer’s head snapped up.
Jody called after Patience, but Dean didn’t want to listen to her try to adopt another wayward girl. Sure, she and her girls had found each other through hunting, and they were happy together, but they were the one-in-a-million exception to the rule. Suddenly, he thought of Jack. His kid.
“First of all, Jack is a child. A child. Second, if this Michael comes–”
Amara explained. “Billie has agreed to disregard the resurrections prior to this moment. So Dean, and Sam, and all your rule-bending friends are safe.” She paused. “As will you, should you choose to take up my offer.”
“Doc Holliday! Hey-oh!” Dean yelled across the room. Jack stirred and whined in his carrier, woken from his driving-induced nap. Dean didn’t seem to notice, but Cas bent down to pick up Jack before he could start crying again. “All right, I say quick shower, steak dinner, and then tomorrow, we hit up the cemetery.”
Sam sighed. “Hey, at least we know where he’s going.”
Sam whirled around, but it was just Donatello. “Geez, man, didn’t hear you come in. He didn’t like it when I changed him into clothes.”
Even after he had run out of tears, and his throat refused to make any noise, Dean didn’t bother to leave the nursery. At some point, he had slid onto his side, into a laying-down position.
“Um… geez, uh. I mean, it’s been big bad after big bad, the hits keep coming.”
Mary relaxed. “Oh, good.”
One of the creatures bumped up against the car, rocking them, and it shot even more adrenaline through Jody’s body. She watched as it dragged a hand across the window above Donna’s head before moving around and thudding up against the hood of the car.
“Dean, I don’t think this is just a different world. I think it’s a different universe.”
“Why are you here?” she asked, tilting her chin upward.
Rowena sighed with exasperation. “Oh, years ago, the Grand Coven cast a binding spell limiting aspects of my magic.” She grimaced. “There’s a page in the Grimoire that may help.”
“I’ve been on my best behavior,” Rowena shot back. Jack stirred in his car seat.
With that, the floodgates burst open. Tears streamed down Claire’s face, and she shook with the effort of trying to contain her own sobs. “Yeah. Yeah, I came back. Of course I came back. I had to…” she sniffed, trying to contain her overflowing sinuses.
“The Winchesters are looking to jump between worlds, in search of their mother. We know that they’ll be looking for you.” The woman smiled at Kaia coldly. “Making you the perfect bait.”
Fifth base? “There’s no such thing as fifth base.”
“Cas–”
Cas nodded. He wasn’t really sure what to say.
But it was far from okay. Cas turned toward Donatello, still strapped to the chair, rage burning through his veins. He could imagine a thousand different ways to make him pay for hurting his family.
She heard the Winchesters draw their weapons, but in this moment they didn't matter. Kaia tried to lift her head, but fell back, and instead reached out her hand. Claire took it, and watched as the life drained from Kaia’s eyes. The girl’s hand went limp and fell from hers.
“Say yes, or your angel dies.”
Cas pulled back quickly. “Sam, Dean… this dog is talking.”
“Don’t scream,” Alex snarked, smirking.
“Let’s get back to the book,” Dean said loudly. They did not need to be talking about emotions right now. “What kind of hurt can these chicks do with it?”
“Oh, I won’t take ‘no’ for an answer,” Asmodeus replied before Cas could react to the unwelcome touch. Lucifer dropped his arm, and turned to the demon.
“Father please–” but before he could finish, Dean’s eyes were bursting with light.
Lucifer scoffed. “What, a man can’t hold his own son?”
“Howdy, boys,” the demon drawled, waving a hand. It took everything Sam had not to drop Jack as he felt his breath snatched from his throat. Jack screamed louder, tears streaming down his face, as Sam dropped to his knees, trying to lay the baby down before he passed out and dropped him. He could vaguely hear the demon talking softly to Jack, but his pulse was pounding in his ears, so loud he couldn’t hear anything. All of a sudden, his throat was released; he gasped air into his lungs, and looked around. The demon was gone, and so was the portal to Hell. Jack was still crying, but not nearly so hard as he had been a moment ago. Sam scooped him up and cradled him to his chest.
Before Cas could even process that there was a gun in his face, it clattered to the floor. Dean stared at him with wide eyes.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Cas sighed. Dean and his westerns. Thankfully he remembered which one Tombstone was. “The one with the guns and tuberculosis.” He lowered his voice in an imitation of the actor from the movie. “‘I’m your Huckleberry.’”
“I told you, Cas, we deserve a vacation.”
Kaia glanced nervously at the rift, then took Claire’s hand. Jody watched as she reached out a hand, and slowly and deliberately stepped toward the portal. They disappeared in a bright flash of light.
“Boys! Wonderful!” came the witch’s voice, muffled by the door that the zombie was attacking. “I’ve been stalling them until you arrived!”
He suddenly dropped the threatening demeanor. “Cas?”
The rest of the drive was a blur. He slowed when he reached the road in front of the church. There, by the payphone, was a figure in a beige trench coat, his back to the road. Dean parked the car in the middle of the road, not bothering to find a proper space at this hour.
“I’m not totally following you,” Fred said slowly.
“Yeah,” Sam conceded, “and if Rowena breaks bad, I will hunt her down myself and put a bullet in her.” He hoped he’d never have to, but he would. “I will, Dean.”
He had lied; they weren’t anywhere near close to getting Mom back. But Jack (and sure, Dean too) missed the angel.
He glanced at Jack, sleeping in the backseat. As much as he hated the idea of using the kid’s pain as a tool, he knew it was the only way to get Mom back.
“Dean has Jack’s car seat,” Sam groaned.
She felt empty. Barren. Burnt from the inside out. Like everything had been drained from her being.
“Well, did you run rock star aliases?” Claire walked around the end of the desk to stand behind Alex.
Dean’s brain went blank. Nope, nope, nope, not telling Cas about that. Why had he even mentioned it? Backpedal, backpedal, change the subject. “I– uh– I’m gonna put Jack down, now that he’s asleep.” He looked down at Jack as he carried him to his crib, and heard the door click shut behind him. Thank God. What happened with the Cartwright Twins stayed in that locker room.
Sam stood as the doctor entered the room. He was smiling gently.
Then you can start to make it better.”
“Maybe,” Sam replied.
“Well, ten o’clock! I suggest we all turn in!” one of the background cousins announced. They all herded toward the stairs.
“And that book?” Dean said, “You’re either gonna give it to us or we can take it, either way.” He did not want to deal with whatever schemes Rowena could see through with that book.
“In a few minutes, we’re gonna find out that Cousin Simple’s missing,” Dean explained, “the Scoobies are gonna think it’s a ghost, but really it’s just the lawyer Cosgood Creeps in disguise.”
An overgrown canopy.
“Hey, now,” Dean berated gently, “no fighting, or I’ll make you research werewolf tax evasion in the nineteenth century.”
All of a sudden, a hand was wrapped around his wrist, preventing him from injuring the angel further. He turned quickly, infuriated and ready to attack.
Was this… Purgatory?
Gabriel looked away. “He siphoned off my grace and hit up with it like some kind of junkie. Gave his powers an extra boost.”
“Don’t I?” Billie replied. “So… spill.”
Chuck banged on the door again.
“Oh, I knew better than to screw with the old you,” Asmodeus shot back. Lucifer stayed silent, so the demon continued. “But this new version seems a little more… screwable.”
“Is he okay?” Dean demanded, running to Sam’s side.
A lump formed in Dean’s throat. There had been that time, before Cas had returned from the Empty, when he thought he’d have to drive up by himself and carve it for his angel. Well, human now. “Yeah, well, I thought it would be a good enough excuse to get you up here.”
“Well, I’m sorry that I didn’t teach you well enough to protect yourself.” His words were quiet and laced with venom.
“I talked to the undertaker, Athena Lopez, but she claims that she was gone the night of the robbery. However,” Sam tossed the chewed shoulder bone to Dean, “I found this in the grave. Looks like a ghoul.” Dean inspected the bone as he collapsed on the couch. He passed it to Cas when he sat down next to him.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” Dean snapped, rushing over and pushing Cas back down by his bare shoulders. His fingertips tingled at the touch. Probably from the angel’s grace. “Cas, you gotta lay back, man, you’re really hurt.” He was also probably cold, what with his torso bare and bloody, but at the moment Dean was more concerned that he would pop his stitches.
Within a few hours, they were back at the Turners’ house. Jody was leaning on the back bumper of the Impala, next to Dean.
“Hey, yeah, I’m right here,” Sam called back, wincing as the use of his own voice shot pain through his temples.
Lucifer giggled mirthlessly. “Good times.”
Donna tilted her head at Jody and grinned. “Ah, you know. I do what I do.” She glanced at Jack. “And who’s this little stinker?”
Gabriel shrugged and popped a handful of M&Ms in his mouth. “There were some very handsome twinks involved too.”
Christ, this was not going well. Thankfully, at that moment, he reached the gravel road leading to the bunker. Gabriel was standing outside, smoking a joint.
“Cas–” he said, trying to think of how to convince the angel to take it back, undo the deal, anything.
“Hello, Dean.”
“The same as what?”
“All right, listen,” he said, cutting the engine, “these Dodge City cops aren’t likely to trust big city folks, so we’re gonna have to blend.” Cas could have laughed out loud.
“There’s somebody I want you to meet,” Jody said, pointing behind Claire. She turned to see a strange new girl. “This is Patience.”
“Excuse me, dears,” Missouri replied. She walked back to the front door and began to hum softly, hand shaking as she held it over the doorknob. Jody turned to Dean in confusion.
“Only if it’s absolutely necessary.”
“It’s complicated.”
“What a powerful little tyke you are,” Lucifer cooed. Jack shied away from the stranger. Cas let out a warning sound, almost like a growl, and Dean grabbed onto his shoulder. He knew he couldn’t hold the angel back, but he hoped that he could stop him from doing anything stupid that would end up with him getting killed. Again.
“Hey,” Dean greeted, but before he could say anything else, his brother grabbed him by the neck and smashed his head into the wall. Everything went black.
“I know we spent all that time together, off-world, but… I’m lonely. I want to create something new. With you.”
“Yeah, animal attacks, starvation, murder, and of course hypothermia is a big one,” Sarah added.
“Yes. Look, you protected my son. He trusts you. If you can convince him to be on our team, I think the combined power of the three of us can drive Michael back. I’m telling you, this guy is not the same Michael that we knew. He’s much more powerful.”
“Yeah!” the Gang cried in unison.
The forked blade again, blood dripping from the tip.
Nurse Johnson nodded. “Well done.” She signed a form and handed it to Alex, then left. Alex sat at her desk to start processing the paperwork.
“Ah, don’t worry, he’s fine,” Chuck admonished. As if on cue, Dean coughed and opened his eyes. He stared at Cas in disbelief for a moment before registering that there were quite a few other people in the room.
“Excellent!” Donatello said, “Sam and I will stay behind to, uh, assemble the other ingredients.” He clapped his hands together. “Now, where do you keep your virgin lamb’s blood?”
“Told you,” Sam snarked.
Jody pursed her lips but led the way inside. The interior was decorated with beads and tapestries, stereotypical psychic decor.
“That’s all I want!” Cas replied fiercely.
Dean hadn’t even gotten out of the car. He was still double and triple checking his grocery list, making sure they would have enough supplies to feed and clothe the infestation of refugee children back at the bunker.
“Dean, I… I keep failing you.”
“The– the demon tablet has very specific instructions on how to free them. These men are very dangerous.”
“Hey, cool it,” came Dean’s voice from behind them. Sam silently cursed his dumb big brother for getting involved with this. The archangel certainly wasn’t going to listen to him; he’d killed him hundreds of times in that nightmare time loop without a second thought.
All of a sudden, Nurse Paguio and the doctor burst out of Jack’s room. The doctor walked swiftly, but the nurse stayed behind. Sam and Cas stared at her expectantly. She turned to them, and sighed.
Before Sam or Rowena could do anything, the portal flashed brightly. Not even looking at who had just come through, Sam dove for Jack, scooping him up and running out of the room. His heart raced, bordering on heart attack speed. Jack began to cry as Sam reached the nursery, placing Jack in his crib and within the safety of the extra powered wardings hidden by the blue cloth on the walls. Rowena had helped him earlier that week to make them so that Gabriel and Cas could get through, but no other nonhuman being, except maybe God after a few good bursts of power.
No no no no no. “So what are you saying?”
Kaia looked at Claire nervously.
“Let’s not find out.” Dean had a good point. They left the fire burning and continued through the woods.
Dean rolled his eyes, but didn’t press further. “Alright, show me what’s going on with the crazy prophet.”
Cas looked away from Dean, shame written all over his face.
“I don’t see what the problem is. Lend us a little grace, and then we owe you a favor. Sounds like a fair deal to me.”
She took a deep breath as Claire joined her. “Claire, I know you’re not gonna like this, but I need you to stay here to keep Jack and Kaia and the girls safe.”
“No,” said Dean.
“Yes,” Cas grumbled. Sam turned to see him watching Dean with an exasperated expression on his face, the closest thing to a bitchface that Sam had ever seen on the angel, “yes he does.” How the hell did Cas know about that? He thought of a few choice files he’d had to delete from his laptop, and hoped Cas didn’t know the full extent of Dean’s obsession.
So Kaia had been to the Apocalypse World. Maybe she could guide Jack’s portals to that place. Maybe she could help them get their mom back. He tore out the drawing and showed it to Dean.
“Winchester… the hippie-looking guy at the hospital?” Her head hurt too much to be thinking this hard. How the hell was she getting out of this?
“What?” Patience asked nervously.
“In here,” Cas ordered, turning sharply into Jack’s nursery. As soon as he stepped inside the sigils’ protective zone, his feet stopped moving without permission.
A lot of good it would do her if Patience’s vision was right.
“You knew? About the whole vision thing?”
“Send me back to Earth.”
“Well, gang,” Fred said, chipper as ever, “looks like we’ve got another mystery on our hands.”
“But you still help Jody with cases,” she continued, “I thought you wanted out of the whole monster thing.”
“And his father?”
“Okay, well, is there anything we can get you?” Sam offered. He knew it would be miserable for poor Donatello, but they needed that spell.
“Ever heard of the Lotus Casino?”
After a long moment of silence, Sam spoke up. “You okay?”
“Cas–”
“Honestly?” She paused. “I could use some help.” Sam could have sworn he heard sirens in the distance over the phone.
She turned to see the Light, standing there in his human form.
Dean was on a dock, a fishing pole in his hand and a warm breeze blowing ripples across the water. Vaguely, he knew he was dreaming, but he felt at peace anyway.
Castiel stared at the computer screen before him, the words a jumbled mess. Papers laid scattered all around, covering the dining table from end to end. Running a hand through his dark, unruly hair, he leaned back in his chair and made a noise of bitter disappointment. When he felt a presence beside him, he turned to see his nine year old daughter peering at him with an expression he couldn’t place. Her hands were firm at her waist, her dark hair pulled back in a tight ponytail. Eyes squinted, gaze narrow, staring him down.
“I hunted, I rebelled and I did it, all of it, for you,” Cas repeated the words from so long ago, making them both smile at the memory of that day.
“Hey Dean,” he started, waiting until Eileen had tipped her head backwards to read his lips. “We were thinking of firing up the grill. Charlie and Stevie are heading over.”
“You screwed up so many times, Cas. In the name of Heaven or peace or the greater good, you lied to me over and over and it hurt more and more each time. It hurt because you
“Guy’s good-looking,” Dean said and flushed again when he heard his own voice. “Just saying, he’s probably taken or not even into guys or whatever.”
“I love you,” he repeated more firmly and Cas all but fell against him.
will make someone wanna hook up with you, Cassie!”
“Would you stay?” he asked, memories hitting him full force. “Would you stay with me?”
Dean tilted his head back and laughed. “Yeah, I kinda hated you that night. Hated the thought of you. Hated you before I even knew you. You gotta admit you were an ass back then.”
“But it will kill you,” Sam said.
“So how long was I gone? Really?”
“Yeah,” Dean replied, forcing the image of Cas’ burned wings to the back of his mind. “Because I know that Mom’s dead, and I know that she’s not coming back.”
Before he could even begin to process what to do, a blinding light enveloped the room.
