Currently Gabriel, Balthazar, and Ash are sitting on the bleachers, leaning forward and watching the women on the ice intently.
Jess laughs. “I’ve been practicing so much, I think I could convince Bobby to hire me as your replacement.”
“There’s always a party,” Sam says, “After the game. We all go out together to one of the bars in the city. It’s the only time a year Bobby lets us get drunk.”
“Okay. I’ll, uh, keep it warm for you,” Sam says, and shooting Dean a dirty look as he continues to make small noises of adoration, he hurries away.
Dean tries to tune him out. Not that he’s not flattered or anything but geez. All he did was install some spark plugs.
“So?” Dean raises an eyebrow. “C’mon, be a pal, Cas. Don’t leave me down there all alone to eat like some loser.”
He’s not totally sure who makes a move first, all he knows is suddenly he’s surging forward, and Cas is there, and there’s nothing pretty about it. This isn’t some tender kiss, it’s pent up rage and frustration and
“I think I ruined your helmet,” Cas continues, and the sentence takes a moment to register in Dean’s mind before he whirls around. Cas is holding up Dean’s helmet, a sheepish grin on his face. There are little silver angel wings drawn around the two and the four.
The girl’s face lights up. “He’s my favorite! I mean,” she sneaks a glance at Cas, “Not that I don’t love you too, he’s just, he’s really…”
Finally, Dean looks at him. Just a small glance out of the corner of his eye, but it’s enough. “What?”
Dean frowns and looks out the window again. He doesn’t want to answer this question, doesn’t even want to think about it. He’s met people he hates. He hates Zachariah, with his smarmy face. He hates Michael, with his suggestive, disparaging comments and the creepy, nagging feeling that he wants something out of Dean. He hates Gordon, who does everything in his power to make Dean look like a bigger idiot than he already is and has made it clear he wants no part in their family, that he is, in fact, a little disgusted by it.
His shift is over at six, just in time for his stomach to start grumbling. It didn’t help that he hadn’t really gotten a chance to finish his lunch. As he heads back to the break room, he looks around surreptitiously. Dean has been strangely absent since Castiel caught his moment with the little girl, and he’s not sure how he feels about that.
Cas just seems overwhelmed by his presents. Sam got him a book, no surprise there, and it’s not really a surprise either that Bobby, Ellen, and Jo all got him hockey related shit. Charlie was the only one to differ, giving him the two reboot Star Trek movies. He opens Dean’s present next, and Dean knows it’s a hit instantly when his face lights up and he jams the hat onto his head, untying the flaps and letting them fall down over his ears.
Normally Dean would encourage this type of behavior, but Anna’s mention of how much Cas hated hospitals coupled with his weird behavior when they arrived and his insistence that he not stay overnight was making Dean…hell, Victor was fucking right. He was mother henning.
He feels kind of weird prying the old ones out and installing the new ones with both Cas and the taxi driver watching, kind of like he’s on exhibition or something, and that leads to the thought that if the taxi driver weren’t here he might be sticking his ass out a little more, putting on more of a show.
“Want me to take a look at it?” Dean offers. “Plumbing’s not really my think, but usually if it’s logical I can fix it.”
Bobby sighs but allows Dean to move him away from the hustle and bustle of twenty or so men pulling on layer after layer of protective clothing. “What is it Dean?” he asks, although he can tell by the look on his face that Bobby already knows what’s coming.
“I’d really, really like to do that again,” Dean struggles to say as Cas traces the lobe of his ear with his tongue, “But they’re probably wondering where we are.”
Something, anything, needed to give. But what? He couldn't do that with Cas. Even if Dean was up for it, which his cock might as well be screaming a yes at him, Cas was in love with him and would want more than a quick fuck. He couldn't break his heart any more. So he needed to get over these urges, needed to push it as far away as humanly possible. He couldn't have Cas, not in that way. It wasn't just that he didn't want to hurt him any more, he also couldn't do it to himself. He wasn't gay. He wasn't into men. How many times had he told himself that in the past twelve hours?
“I love you, Dean. You know that, right?” He nodded slowly, not trusting his voice. “But I can't stand this any more. We barely talk to each other, we barely touch each other, we're constantly cautious around each other, afraid we're going to set the other one off. This isn't working.”
“Cas, I'm still you're best friend. You know that, right?” Dean's heart sunk when he saw the pain deepen. Was that not what Cas wanted? To know that Dean knowing didn't change anything?
“No!” Dean practically yells. He still has two names left. He starts pressing buttons on his phone again, bringing up the next name when he feels a hand grip his firmly. The touch is warm and it sends a spark shooting up his arm. His eyes graze up the tan coat, rolling upwards till he reaches the blue eyes. His heart leaps to his throat at the close proximity.
Sam pushed away from the wall and allowed his arms to swing by his sides. Dean couldn't move, couldn't think. “What the hell was that, Dean?”
He can't see. Darkness all around him. He looks left and then right, but nothing. He's bound to a chair, he thinks, and he struggles against the rope, trying to free himself. But there's no movement and he finally gives up.
“What lead?” He wasn't interested. Didn't want to get back into that, not yet. Not while he held this emptiness in his heart.
Now, as he stood in their motel room, he felt torn because Jack needed to go home, but Dean wanted to stay and finish the case. Cas knew why Dean wanted to stay and he was good at supporting that decision. But what was he suppose to do? A huge part of him wanted to stay with Dean, didn't want to leave him just yet. He wasn't ready to ignore that usual pull towards him. On the other hand, he knew Jack needed him. If anyone understood losing control, it was him… and Sam. So what was he suppose to do?
His eyes darted around the motel room. Landing on the dead angel. There was no black echoes of wings. Just a dead woman with blonde hair and pale skin. The angel blade was still protruding from her chest, having pierced her pale blue blouse. He took in a shuddering breath. Logic needed to win the war that had raged inside of him. This needed to be dealt with. Sam was taking care of Dean. Dean would be okay. He needed to be. He had to be.
Dean offers him a small smile, thanking him. “While I make this call, you can figure out what that something else is.” Cas nods and Dean puts the phone to his ear.. It rings and rings. Dean leaves a hurried message before moving to the last number.
He lets out a breath in a rush, the air whistling between his teeth, his chest easing up, shoulders relaxing. “So, what is it then?”
A huge part of him wanted to uncurl himself from the man lying next to him, he wanted to exit the bunker and just breath in fresh air, wanting the distance to allow himself time to think. A smaller, more insistent part of him told him that it was a bad idea, that Dean would panic when he awoke, would fear the worst, his heart breaking. He couldn't do that to him, he couldn't allow him to feel the same pain he'd been feeling over and over again.
He wiped a hand down his face, pushing water away and glanced over to where a demon was holding his brother by the hair. Sam was on his knees, a worried expression on his face. He was trying to break free of the firm grip, but the knife at his throat didn't give him much room to move. Dean felt his heart pick up speed. Of course he was worried, but his brother could hold his own. He'd find away to get free. Or Dean would find away to get to him.
Dean felt that jolt of pain in his chest again. Sam had been right, everyone has their breaking point, and it looks like Cas had reached his. Could he really do this? He thought about all that he was scared of, all that terrified him. He must have been silent for too long because he felt Cas touch his cheek, his eyes imploring him to answer. “I-”
So, anyway, please tell me what you thought. I've never done anything like this before. I've always done my own story based on the characters. I've done a few mentions of certain things from the main plot in the shows I've written about, but nothing like this. I'm actually really nervous at having posted this. So your thoughts on this chapter will mean absolutely everything to me. If you don't like it, that's cool. At least I will know never to attempt this again, lol. If you do like it, then it will be like a major confidence booster. So….
Cas turned to face him, his eyes cold and devoid of emotion. Dean sucked in a sharp breath. He hadn't looked at him like that since they first met. It scared the hell out of him. “A couple of hours.”
Having no idea what its powers would be like in this form means it would be very bad if it attracts the wrong attention too soon. No, it needs to bide its time, test itself first. Here isn't perfect, its too crowded, too many witnesses.
With too much force, he pushes the chair backwards, the sound of scraping wood on tile screeches through the room. Cas snaps his head up, a question in his eyes. Dean takes no notice of it as he closes the distance between them. With trembling hands, he grips tightly to the angel's shoulder's. He doesn't know the reason for the shakiness. It could be nerves, it could be frustration. Either way, he ignores it.
“Dean?” It was his brother.  He didn't know if he could deal with Sam either. “Talk to me.” Sam's voice was gentle.
Then Cas was there, holding the broken hand. His own hand started to glow. Panic surged through Dean's system. No, he didn't want to be healed. He needed this pain. This was a reminder of just what he was. Of how pathetic he was, how much of a coward he was, of how hideous he was as a person, of how disgusting he was.
“You know what will happen. You refuse to eat, Sam will know something is going on with you. He will prod and prod until eventually you tell him… something. So stop being childish and grow up, Dean.” Dean's eyes widened in alarm, but Castiel wasn't done. The anger was giving him some false confidence. But more than that he'd had enough of the pain in his chest, constantly feeling it, constantly feeling like he was drowning in his own grief. “Don't forget, you're not the one who's constantly hurting.”
Cas broke out into a huge smile and through that grin he kissed Dean full on the lips. “I love you, too, Dean.”
Finally Sam stood and Dean looked up eager. His brother nodded. Nothing else needed to be said. He was starting to worry as well. It had gone five minuets past the next time Cas was suppose to call and still nothing. Dean jumped from his chair, his eagerness coming off of him in waves. He needed to know Cas was safe. Needed to be sure. They both ran towards the garage. Dean had already started his car before Sam had jumped in. The sound of tyres squealing and echoing sounded throughout. Dean was not going to slow down, not for anyone. He glanced at his brother. Sam was looking at him with worried eyes. Was he worried for Cas or for him? He didn't care. He was going to find Cas and he was going to be just fine.
He tilted his head to the side and worried his bottom lip a little. Did he voice his concerns or just ignore it and go along with the plans? He watched as Dean sighed and dropped the t-shirt, standing straight and crossing his arms over his chest. Cas had come to learn that this was a defensive posture. Was he protecting himself from something?
“But sir, I mean, Madam,” says the same demon who spoke before. “What of the angel, Castiel? I'm sure he won't allow this.”
“I'm sorry,” he mumbled and Cas pulled back, but not stepping away. Instead, he cupped Dean's face in the palm's of his hand, his blue eyes boring straight through his soul.
“Well, thanks for the heads up.” Sarcasm was becoming easier with each moment he'd spent around Dean. The thought of Dean sent a jolt through his chest and he struggled to keep his calm composure in front of Naomi. If she had noticed a shift in his mood, she didn't let on.
He felt warm fingers glide across his stubble and he snapped his eyes open, only to be welcomed by concerned blue ones. The silence stretched on and the longer they both stayed quiet the more Dean felt the need to break it. But what to say? He'd already said all he needed to say. Yes, he was pissed as hell. Yes, he still loved him. Yes, he missed him like crazy. The ball was now in Cas's court.
“Are you okay?” Dean jumps slightly at the whispered words, making his heart work harder than it should need to.
Dean nodded enthusiastically. “Yes. I am so sure, Cas. No more talking now. I want this, I want you.”
The demon flashes his teeth and in one swift motion, slices Dean's neck. Sam's eyes go wide, his heart completely stops and the panic is there once more. The demon drops Dean to floor and vanishes. Instantly Sam rushes forward and pulls his brother's head into his lap. Sam fights back the bile rising in his throat as Dean gurgles and spits crimson blood.
Something happened. Cas was stood there. Dean froze, heart stilling at the sight of his angel standing before him, angel blade in hand and a small smirk playing across his lips. Dean wanted to run to him, to hold him and yell at him and punch him and so many other things.
Cas's frown disappears, his eyes darting to the beds, looking guilty as sin. Dean frowns himself and just waits. “I, uh...” Cas is nervous, worried, shameful and it has Dean quite baffled. “I haven't found anything.”
Dean felt his throat close up as he tried to choke back the sob that was threatening to break free. He was not going to break down, not in front of Cas, not in front of anyone. “Can't or won't?” He'd barely got those words out and that damn sob was still pressing forwards.
Cas smiled, pressing his lips to Dean's. Dean pressed back gently, humming with contentment. All too soon, though, Cas pulled back, his smile still in place. “I think you should eat something.”
It took three hours in total to get to the motel. The car had been painfully quiet. Sam had been researching and Cas, well Cas was watching him. He could feel that piercing gaze burning through the back of his head and he wondered what the hell the angel had been thinking about. Perhaps he had figured out that something was going on with him. Dean hoped not. He'd learnt to hide this attraction, it had taken years of practice, but he had finally found a way to hide it all.
The pacing begins again. He thinks about grabbing a beer, but he knows he needs to stay sober to get his brother back. Suddenly there's a knock at the door. The hope springs forth but he tramples it down. Sam wouldn't knock. But it might be Cas. He glances at the clock again – its been another hour and ten minuets. It could be him.
The thought of lube entered his mind, his eyes now drifted across to the night-stand where it probably lay, waiting, but he didn't want to move, didn't want to let go. So, again, for the second time, he used his angelic grace to summon it to his hand. It worked easily and he leant across Dean's back, feeling the warmth, feeling his cock rub against Dean's ass. It felt glorious. He moaned at the connection and Dean rubbed backwards against him, leaning his head into his pillow, waiting for what was to come next.
“Yeah, Cas, you don't need to explain anything to us. We know its pretty much impossible.” Sam's turn to grip his shoulder in a reassuring manner. Castiel was at a loss for words. They didn't believe a word the other angel had said. He should have been relieved by that. But he wasn't. They didn't believe it because they didn't believe he could feel that way. His heart broke even more when the realisation hit, pain shooting through his chest and for a moment he'd forgotten how to breath. Dean would never believe it because it was impossible for him to come to terms with something like this. This was a rejection whether Dean knew it or not.
Sam took a step into the room, his face changing from angry to sorrowful. Casriel stayed silent, unsure of what, or if he should say something. “Dean, you're just starting to get better. What if he decides its not a good idea? You're back to square one. I won't see you like that again.”
It's you, Sam and me. That's how it's always been. We'll deal with it. If the time comes, then we'll deal with it together. Like we always do.
Dean didn't move, didn't say anything. He just waited, whether he was waiting for Cas to just turn and leave or to continue talking, he didn't know. Cas took a deep breath and continued. “But this… this hurts more.” His voice broke as the tears burned his flushed cheeks. “I made you a promise. Together. Always. If you really want me to leave… then I will, but I'm not going anywhere unless you force me to.”
Unfortunately, that didn't happen. His brother's voice sound muffled and a little annoyed. “Dean? I know you're in there.” Dean couldn't say anything, didn't want to. Maybe his brother would think he'd missed him, maybe he would think that he'd tip-toed out of the bunker to get drunk without his noticing. Of course that was just too much to hope for. “I think I've found us a hunt if your interested.”
He had expected Dean's eyes to soften, to hold love and kindness. But he didn't change. He was still protecting himself, still keeping himself emotionally distance. Castiel's heart broke, because he knew. He knew Dean wasn't going to be there. He wasn't okay with this. He was never going to be okay and he was going to make Castiel suffer because he was suffering. They stood staring for too long but Dean never ventured an answer. Maybe Dean didn't know the answer, or maybe he just didn't want to voice the truth. But either way, he felt his heart sink, felt the loss of what they'd shared. He shivered with the knowledge that if he walked out that door he wouldn't be welcomed back.
Cas didn't say anything. Just kept staring and Dean could almost see the cogs working harder than they have probably ever worked before. Dean gulped past the lump in his throat as an image of him leaning forward slightly and placing his lips against Cas's cascaded into his mind.
“But in what state of mind? He ran. I think… I think Dean will keep running now. I think he won't stop. It's something… I will have to… live with.”
Dean couldn't quite believe this was happening. After two weeks of nothing, of no affection, no physical contact, he was finally kissing Cas. And God, didn't it feel amazing? His lips were wet from where he'd been crying, but he didn't care. His tongue slid into his mouth and stroked across Cas's own tongue, gently and lazily. This was a kiss that didn't need to be rushed, this wasn't hunger or passion. This was just pure love and longing.
Concentrating on finding Sammy is what pushes him away from the kitchenette counter. It would be so easy to curl up on his bed and cry himself back to sleep. It would be too easy for him to break. As appealing as that idea is, he moves across the small motel room, and sits down on the edge of his bed, curling his fingers together.
Cas turned to leave. Panic bubbled inside of him. He couldn't let him leave like this. Dean needed to know they were okay. He couldn't lose his best friend over these perverted thoughts. “I'm sorry.” Cas stopped and turned back round to face him, his head tilting to the side slightly, eyes narrowing.
He felt it before he saw anything. Falling to his knees, he gasped in surprise, his vision blurring and the pain in his skull throbbing from the contact. He sucked in a steadying breath, glancing around, trying to find the source of the attacker. Nobody. His heart was beating erratically in his chest. From somewhere behind him, he felt hands grabbing each of his arms, pulling him. He fell to his face and groaned as his skin rubbed against the concrete.
He glanced at the younger Winchester, who's eyes were darting from one man to the next, confusion in his own eyes. Castiel looked back at Dean. His heart hurt for him, hurt for what they had become.  He rubbed absent-mindlessly at his chest, trying to ease the pain that had accumulated there.
Castiel knew where that sentence was leading, Dean didn't need to finish it. A new nervousness washed over him. “Are you still willing…? If I was to say yes, lets give it a go again, would you still be willing?”
He waited a small heartbeat, hoping beyond hope that Chuck had heard him and would send Cas to him right away. But nothing happened and disappointment slithered its way through his stomach, twisting into tight knots. Of course he wouldn't be given this one thing. Of course he would be ignored. Did he expect anything less? The pain of the reality came crashing through him, making him want to vomit, not that he had anything to vomit up. Cas was gone. He was gone and he was never going to come back. That was the reality.
Dean reached up and stroked his cheek with the back of his hand. Castiel felt content by the small touch as he felt the warmth spread through him. His eyes fluttered shut with pleasure. He opened his eyes again when Dean's hand held his chin between his fingers. “I don't understand, Dean,” he whispered. So he does feel something… but why all of this?
A loud crash echoed from Sam and Dean's motel room. Without stopping to think about it, he vanished and reappeared inside the room. His eyes caught sight of Sam first, standing up against the wall, his eyes were wide in shock. More banging. He glanced around to find Dean smashing through the room. Rage flowing off him, his shoulders heaving with each breath.
Stopping inside a small town, it once again reached out its powers. And nothing. It wants to scream, wants to scream until its voice disintegrates. That, in itself, is strange, because it has never wanted or needed anything, anything except to sleep that is. So this urge is strange.
Then came the betrayal. It hurt like a bitch, piercing through his very soul, making him cripple over in agony, clutching at his chest as the realisation swirled through his brain. Cas had apologised,  Dean had forgiven him. But as he looked at the empty spot where his pillow once lay, he knew that Cas had used that apology as a ploy, to get what he was really after. The colt.
He glanced at the closed bathroom door as he heard the shower running. His broken heart rattled around inside of him. This was for Dean. It didn't matter how he felt on the matter. This was for Dean.
It was now or never. He needed to be so completely honest with him, more so than he'd ever been with anyone ever. He could feel his heart beating nervously in his chest, could feel his breaths coming in short and fast, could feel the sweat gathering on his forehead. So many things could go wrong, so many doubts played around in his mind. He was about to open himself up to be hurt and it just didn't sit right with him. This wasn't who he was. He didn't tell the truth, didn't put his emotions on display. He hid behind huge, thick, solid walls. It was safer there. Less risk. He'd never even opened up to Sam, not completely. Sure he'd be honest every once in a while, just enough to satisfy his brother, but that was it. So this was huge. If he could barely open up to his brother, how the hell was he suppose to be like that with Cas?
Dean Winchester barely paid any of this his attention, he barely heard his brother leave the room to investigate the generator. All he could see was Cas, sitting up on the bed, staring at him…
Cas had finally found Kelly and Dean felt a kind of relief at the news. He knew how Cas had felt guilt over letting her slip away, knew that he was trying to make it all okay by going to such lengths to protect her. Dean wanted to reassure him, tell him it wasn't necessary, they had all made misjudgements and that there was no shame in that. There was no point in saying any of that though, Cas wouldn't believe him anyway.
“When you come to realise what a mistake it was to let him go, it might be too late. He might not give you another chance. You've hurt him too many times already. There's only so much a person can take.”
Cas held still for a moment, and then deliciously slowly, he pulled his finger almost all the way out and then pushed it back in. “Mmm!” Dean loved the feeling of it, loved the pleasure of it. Without any warning, he pushed another slicked up finger in, right along the first. Dean could feel the stretch, could feel the fullness of it, could feel the pleasure humming through his system. Cas didn't move his fingers, instead he rose up and over Dean. Reaching up with his other hand, he gripped Dean's chin between his fingers. The look in his eyes took his breath away, pure love, that's what it was and for a moment, doubt started to take form in his mind. Was he really deserving of that love, he didn't think so.
Distantly he heard his brother leave, heard the sound of the door closing. He paid it no mind as he pushed himself flush up against Cas's body. Burying his face in the crook of his neck and pleaded again for him to wake up, that he was sorry and that he really, really needed him to come back because he can't survive without him either.
I will probably carry on this way in the next chapter. I have an ending in mind. I'm not going to follow the story line too far ahead. I will probably dive straight into my own story again after the next chapter. But we'll see where my magic fingers will take me, shall we?
This should feel wrong. This should feel sinful. This shouldn't be so good. But it was. It was so, so good. And it didn't feel wrong, just the opposite. It felt right, like this is what they'd been leading to all these years. This moment. Here and now.
He needed to face the music. If he stayed in there much longer, he knew Cas and Sam would start to worry. He turned the water off and stepped out of the shower stall. The water dripped from his skin and his hair, leaving droplets on the tiled floor. He grabbed a white fluffy towel and started to dry himself. Again he found himself thinking about Sam's reaction, about what type of questions would be fired at him. His heart sank. He still hadn't figured out what he was going to say. As much as he loved Cas, as much as he enjoyed being with him, he just wasn't ready for the world to know. But Sam did know. Nothing could change that.
Dean's eyes darted to the floor. Castiel could feel his heart sink with disappointment. He wasn't going to ask him to stay, he was going to let him walk away. The pain shot across his chest. He sighed and started to turn when a large hand grabbed his wrist. He looked up into those green eyes, confused. His eyes were wide now and… nervous.
Although his eyes stay trained on Sam, he saw Dean turn slowly to face his brother. Castiel waited, he didn't know what he was waiting for, maybe for Sam to pull him from the room, rambling about how Dean needed less stress not more. Or maybe he was waiting for Dean to kick his brother out so they could finish their talk.
He knew it was impossible. A part of his brain tried yelling at him to stop, but all his hunters instincts kicked in. Anger surged forwards at the thought of Cas lying downstairs alone and dead. It was all this creatures fault. He manipulated Cas, told him of promises of paradise. He was what brought Cas to his death.
As he looked out over vast expanse of fields, he knew he should be looking for the girl. He had no idea where to start looking for her. Plus his heart wasn't really in it. All could think about was Dean, about how sad he looked when he said he needed distance for a while. He knew what he was trying to say, Dean knew too. He could see it in his eyes. Him needing distance, it was to get over Dean. But how? How does one suddenly stop loving someone.
“I… I'm… Sorry.” He hated how his voice shook, hated how Cas was making him feel and as much as he wanted to push the angel away, he couldn't bring himself to break the moment.
Cas's eyes blew wide, mouth parting, a shout coming forth. But Dean was already moving, twisting in the Shadows hold, arms coming up as the hand around his throat lost its grip. He punched the thing across the face, barely registering the crunch of knuckles as it made contact. Instead he forced his mind to focus. The Shadow's eyes flared dangerously, annoyed at the sudden turn of events. That's when Dean's knee came up, sinking into the flesh of its stomach. The grip around his waist dropped. He was free. There was no time to revel in the relief of it as a shot of brown came across his vision.
He’s angry at Cas for a long time, even as he fishes his trench coat out of the reservoir and swears softly at it.
“Based on these two? You’d think so,” she shakes her head. “Where’d you two get an eight year old named Ben?”
Dean never gets to hear what Sam thinks about Cas, because two plates fuller than Dean’s (he was distracted, he’s not proud of it) are dropped on the table as Victor and Benny pull up two more chairs. Dean shoots Sam a look, one that so clearly reads
Dean whirls around as much as one can whirl on a couch. There’s a dark haired girl there, barefoot and hair mussed. Pretty dark eyes. He has vague memories of approaching the group of college students last night, of getting a cab ride home with a lap full of giggling girl before tumbling into bed. He swears softly to himself around his mouthful of sandwich.
Dean calls him a very loud, very inappropriate name, and of course that’s when Bobby decides it’s time to intervene. “You say prayers with that mouth, boy?” he snaps loudly. “And you get the hell outta here, Adler, these are private rooms.”
“Why didn’t he run faster?” Cas asks mildly, totally unsympathetic to Dean’s pain and the game’s score of two to one. The Cubs are not winning.
Sam reappears around eight, apparently having decided to forgive Benny or whatever the fuck those two do in order to tolerate one another. Benny shoots him a lazy smile that Sam luckily doesn’t see, or Dean’s sure a day of bitch facing would have been imminent. “We gotta go now to get to the store before it opens.”
“Away from you,” Dean says lightly, winking at Castiel. “I’ll find ya Sunday, Cas. Have a good day off, you hear me?”
“Take one, Cas, before I’m forced to call mommy dearest and tell her you’re getting all twiggy-looking.”
“Not so nice when you’re on the other side of the interrogation, is it?” Dean asks smugly. “Tit for tat, Cas, if you get to have little family meetings with Sam and you wanna ask me all these questions, you gotta be ready to reciprocate.”
Understanding dawns in Cas’ eye and he allows Dean to pull him away with barely an apology to Becky. “Thank you,” Cas says when they reach the bathroom. “I am still unsure how to handle aggressive fans.”
Dean looks down at the broken pieces of his stick, the fucking two hundred dollar stick, and tosses it into a nearby trashcan.
"On when you would finally fess up? Fuck yeah I was," Gabriel says, rifling through his stack of bills.
He wanted to talk to Dean that badly, apparently. Or something else. Dean’s not really gonna think about it.
Dean’s never hated anybody more than he hates Gordon right now, and he knows he’s gonna punch him, would have knocked him on his ass and kicked his face in if Cas hadn’t appeared right that moment and said, “ready to go?”
Dean Winchester leans over, flashlight pointed directly into the face of the putrid and rotting flesh currently decomposing on the forest floor, and it takes its chance, charging directly for the angel with a loud yell.
He ends up at The Roadhouse because, even though there’s a risk the team might show up here, it’s the only place he’s guaranteed not to be bothered by fans. He should have at least another hour before anybody he recognizes makes it here from Crowley’s anyway, so he might as well get as drunk as he can in the meantime, then stumble home and sleep all weekend.
“I don’t love it alright? It’s just got a damn name,” Dean argues. “Can we get back to the damn game, please?”
“Because I know I’m not gay,” Dean insists. “So I’m allowed to do it. It’s different when I know I’m not, those other people don’t know I’m not.”
jackass.” “Well then you are an insult to artists everywhere”). Kevin was even sitting on the edge of his bed, occasionally hitting his leg to get him to weigh in on whatever conversation he was having with Chuck, and Cas didn’t seem to mind.
“I haven’t found much food here that I like,” Krushnic replies, an obvious look of distaste on his face as he stares at Dean’s burger.
Christmas does nothing but depress and annoy him. He has no idea why he decided it was a good idea to come work here.
Upstairs there is as much hustle and bustle as ever. Instead of the small round tables surrounding the large round platform and the Christmas tree that Castiel had seen last time he was in the restaurant, the entire perimeter of the room was now lined with long tables, weighed down heavily with heated platters of food. One wall was being used for fruit and pastries, one for drinks and cereals, and the longest table at the back was filled with hot foods.
Dean groans. He fucking needs to get back at Sam, and although he could probably pull it off without Cas’ help, it wouldn’t be as sweet. Plus, it might be fun to get the guy to loosen up a little. Basically, he’s as close to desperate as he’s gonna get. “You wanna know shit about me, Cas? It’s normal to ask someone crap about themselves when you’re eating together, not going behind their back and gossiping with their kid brother.”
“Oh.” Dean looks around like that’s gonna make his phone appear, then realizes the vibrating he’s felt in his pants for the last half hour were not, in fact, remnants of his fucking perverted imagination. He pulls it out and stares hard at the texts, trying to take his mind off what he did last night, because it’s wrong, and weird, and Cas is standing right here.
“Do it sweetheart. Need you.” Dean opens his eyes, because he’ll never get tired of the way Cas looks during sex, face flushed and eyes a brilliant blue, hair darker and messier than ever.
Dean frowns down at the wood grain of the table. When’s the last time he had sex, anyway? A month? Two? He’s been stressing so much about Victor and the upcoming season that he hasn’t really thought about it. He needs to get out to a bar soon. Like a real bar, in the city, one with attractive women that should take him no time to pick up.
Sam takes the hint and doesn’t talk to him until they’re safely on the ground. Krushnic never says anything at all, and Dean prays he has no idea where he was resting his head the entire time. “Dude,” Sam says when they’re finally of the plane and on the tarmac, grabbing their luggage. “Why do you keep glaring at Krushnic?”
“Whatever,” he says, not in the mood to argue. Sam wins, there’s no way he can have a conversation with the guy. “Just don’t hurt them, alright? They don’t need you to be their friend when we’re not even sure if you’re staying yet. You’re a dick, so there’s never a chance of us being buddies, but if you can manage to stay distant I think I can suppress the urge to kill you.”
Cas is gazing at him, his eyes soft. Dean isn’t totally sure what he’s thinking. He’d talked to Cas before announcing they were dating, obviously, and Cas had been okay with it, but Dean sometimes wonders. Cas had never come out on his own, he’d come out as Cas-and-Dean. And Dean didn’t go looking for fan chatter, had actively tried to avoid it after the press release a few weeks back, but Charlie had informed him of multiple reddit boards dedicated to questioning Cas’ sexuality, some nasty shit about Cas being Russian and queer, and questioning the stability of the team next season.
The next year passes in a ridiculous blur of family drama and the discovery of the British Men of Letters.
He just needed to last till they got here. That's all. He just needed to get through whatever torture Naomi had planned. It would all be worth it in the end. He was sure of that, especially if it meant Dean would be safe. That's all that mattered to Castiel now. Dean had to be safe.
Castiel watched as he closed his eyes and inhaled deeply. He could see the internal struggle within, could see the adrenaline pumping through his veins. Castiel knew what was going to come next, what always came next when Dean couldn't deal with anything remotely to do with emotions. He was ready to fight or run. When his eyes opened again, they were full of rage and Castiel took a step back. He'd seen Dean angry, seen him fly into a full on rage outburst as the emotions struggled within. But he'd never seen him this angry. “Why did you have to say that? You couldn't just let it be,” he spat, his fist clenching at his sides. Was he going to fight or run?
He screamed for him. His voice begging him not to do this. He tried to run to him, to pull him back.    But his brother pulled at him, telling him to hurry. Dean tried to release his grip on him, tried to go after the angel. He couldn't lose him. Not now, not ever. It didn't matter that they weren't in a good place. It didn't matter that they were no longer involved with each other. None of that mattered. The only thing that did was Cas. He was walking into a slaughter.
When the tears finally stopped, realisation set in. Panic swelled up again. Cas was comforting him. No, he didn't deserve this comfort. He didn't deserve anything but a beating from him. He tried to push him away, but Cas held him strong.
He cleared his throat, alerting the hunter to his presence. He quickly averted his eyes, knowing Dean wouldn't appreciate being ogled in this current situation. “I've brought you some coffee.” His voice was low and barely audible but he knew Dean had heard him.
A sharp intake of breath. He hadn't expected that. Castiel waited. On the outside he was calm and collected, waiting patiently. But on the inside he was screaming for Dean to just say yes or no. He hated the silence that grew between them, felt the urge to say something, anything. “If you don't want to, I understand. I just...” He just what? If Dean didn't agree, didn't want to then he would have to accept it and leave as quickly as possible. But if he did… the possibilities were endless.
He knew that something was going to break him eventually. Sam was always sprouting that everybody had there breaking point, especially when it came to the stuff they had to deal with. Sam had wondered aloud on more than one occasion to both Castiel and Dean, when were they finally going to be so broken that there would be no coming back? Dean would shrug it off as though it was no big deal, but it had always got Castiel thinking. Sam had a point.
Dean gets to packing as quickly as he can, his and Sammy's things, and loads the car up. Cas returns not long after, pulling in next to the space beside the Impala. It looks really strange, seeing Cas drive and he has to stop himself from smirking at the image presented before him.
Cas shook his head. “No. I need you to really think about this. Because… because the next time you run, I won't come back. It will be for good. Do you understand?”
The smell instantly hits them. Its iron-like and Dean immediately holds his arm over his face, refusing to gag in front of the angel next to him, who on his part doesn't seem all that bothered by the smell. Dean knows he can smell it because he's even more on alert than he has been. Dean reaches for his gun, clocks the trigger and pushes the door open all the way, keeping his arm firmly in place.
Sam nodded in agreement. Castiel allowed his eyes to dart back to Dean and what he saw there almost killed him on the spot before he vanished.
“Dean? It's okay. You don't have to say anything. Just… I'm sorry. I didn't realize it went that deep for you.”
No, he couldn't be dead. Not yet. There was so much for them to do together. So much more they could be. Pure anger ignited in his veins. He wasn't dead yet. He couldn't be. He needed to see for himself. Needed to see his dead body. But that fucking angel was in the way. Quick as lightening, he grabbed the angel blade from beneath his body, faking a groan as the angel made a grab for him, then in one quick motion, he pushed the blade up and into the ribs. He felt it sink deliciously into the depth of his chest. A blinding white light. Dean couldn't look away, not this time. He was pushing on adrenaline alone now. The angel dropped to the floor, and for a moment Dean allowed the satisfaction of the kill fill his body. Then he remembered. Cas!
Without warning, Cas turned Dean around, pushing his chest up against the door. Dean gave a startled gasp that turned into a moan when Cas pushed his front against Dean. He could feel Cas's erection rubbing against his ass and he couldn't help but moan at the pleasure of it. Cas was kissing and biting his neck again and Dean threw his head back to land on the angels shoulder. This was so exhilarating and Dean's head spun.
Dean held up his hand, silencing him. “No. That's the end of it. No more sharing time. I'm done. Let's...” His eyes roamed over Cas's face. “Let's forget that any of this ever happened.” He nodded and turned.
Dean couldn't help but laugh at the exasperated tone in his voice. It died quickly though as he caught sight of Cas's unamused face. He coughed slightly, trying to cover it. “I'm sorry.”
“I don't expect anything from you, Dean, and that's okay. I'm okay with going on as though nothing has changed. Pretending. I've become quite use to it over the years.”
When Cas opened the door with wide, shocked eyes, he saw something he hadn't dared to hope for. There was definite relief and his own nerves was mirrored in those too blue eyes. Cas was nervous with Dean's presence. He pushed down the hope that was slowly crawling through his gut, hope that he was just nervous to see Dean after everything that had happened. Dean knew that couldn't be right though. He was nervous because this was where Kelly was and he knew that Dean had intentions of stripping the baby of its power.
Cas's eyes softened at that statement. “Why?” His voice was just as soft and Dean watched his pain turn to uncertainty, unsure still of where Dean was going with this.
Castiel ignored him and poured the beer down the sink. When he landed his eyes on Dean he watched as Dean went from angry to confused. He couldn't see what keeping this mask up meant for Castiel and he really did try to keep the annoyance in his eyes. “We have a serious situation here and all you can do is drink yourself into oblivion.” He watched Dean's eyes narrow in on him but before he could say anything Castiel was already striding towards Sam.
There was no way he was going to drive while feeling so drained. He didn't look back at Cas as he entered the room. Didn't allow himself to even glance at his brother's questioning eyes. Instead, he forced himself to the bathroom, needing to get ready for bed. Tomorrow was going to be a long day and he needed all the strength he could get.
Finally, he picked up the last garment and turned to take them to the laundry hamper. Bur when he turned, Dean was blocking the door, arms folded across his muscled chest, eyes narrowed and lips drawn tightly together. He froze, unsure of how he should proceed. He didn't want to seem like he was trying to make an excuse to leave, he didn't want to send Dean spiralling, not when he was just starting to become himself again.
He stared out of the window at the scenery floating past. He forced himself to keep his face stony. He could sense Dean's eyes on him. He could picture it, Dean's eyes flickering between the road and him, concern pouring out of him. It was best if Dean didn't see that he was bothered.
Gulping, he felt his heart start to beat again, felt it pick up pace and he gazed at Dean's angry expression. “Promise?” he asked through his shaky voice. Where was he going with this?
Castiel let out a sarcastic chuckle. “That's right. You don't know.” He felt and hand on his shoulder, heard the warning call of his name from Dean, but he paid it no attention. “This has been going on long before Dean almost died. That's how long he's broken my heart for. How many times should I let it happen before I've had enough. Tell me, Sam, because I have no idea what the usual protocol for this kind of thing is.”
No, he couldn't touch him. If he touched him he would be lost. Dean would lose himself in the other man and he couldn't do that. He couldn't allow himself that. He needed to protect Cas. Needed to make sure he was safe. For Cas, the safest place for him was as far away as he could get from him. Dean jumped to his feet, shaking his head violently. The tears came fast, burning his cheeks. A sob threatened to escape. It was clawing at his inside, begging to be let free.
Finally, the tears stopped. His throat was sore from yelling, his eyes stung from the tears and his head throbbed. He rolled over, wondering how long he'd been led there like that. He looked at his cell on the night stand, pressed the button. He'd been led there all day. It was now reaching midnight. Sam hadn't been to check on him which Dean felt relieved and grateful for. He stood, grabbed a few items from his drawers and moved out of the room. Briefly the thought about how he hadn't eaten all day, his stomach had started to protest against it, but he didn't want to eat, couldn't stomach anything.
He closed his eyes against the pain of his next words, hating himself for having to say them, but he had to, he had to put them out there. He dropped his hand and opened his eyes. “But you're planning on leaving again, aren't you? That's what you always do.”
“Dean, are you-” Dean nodded. Yes he was sure. He needed it and he needed it now. His heart dropped when Cas pulled away, releasing his cock from Dean's grip. He smiled lovingly down at Dean. “Okay, have you got anything?”
His heart stopped. Fear pulsed through him. Of course they would go after the Winchesters. Why wouldn't they?
He clenched his fist and punched the tiled wall. Pain shot from his fingers and up his arm as a resounding crack echoed through the shower room. He stared down at it. It was broken and relief flooded through him. The pain was immense and he smiled crookedly at the quickly bruising skin, at the swell of the fingers. He deserved this, he deserved this pain. He punched the wall, over and over again, feeling the bones crack, feeling the pain grow with each contact. The anger was gone, replaced with self-loathing. Yes, he deserved this.
He opened his mouth, to do just that, but just as he did, Cas disappeared, leaving through the open door. The panic hit him hard and fast. He was about to lose him again. No, he can't, not again. He can't keep playing this broken, useless man. He just can't. Finally, his limbs started to work properly, his brain kicked back into gear and he jumped from his bed, throwing the covers back violently. He raced out of his room, his feet slapped against the floor, his arms pushed against the cold air, urging him to go faster around the bends of the corridor.
His body itched to run to him. It twitched with pent up adrenaline. Something has happened. He knew it had. He can feel it in the pit of his stomach. He can feel the emptiness clawing at his insides. He jumped from his seat and stared down at his brother who was typing away at his laptop. Sam stopped, his fingers hovering over the keys, his eyes searching Dean's face.
They pulled into the motel car park and Dean jumped out, needing some distance between him and… everyone. He rushed to the reception area and booked a room. The woman behind the counter was hot and she kept flirting with him. He loved the attention, revelling in it as it offered a welcoming distraction. With the keys in hand, he turned and almost collided with a warm body. He let out a startled cry and blinked into those gorgeous blue eyes. He was stood too close. Way too close. Dean gulped and licked his now dry lips. He watched as Cas followed the movement, his eyes narrowing slightly. What the fuck?
Then the fingers were gone, leaving Dean to feel empty and a horrible whimpering mess on the back seat of the Impala. Cas chuckled before moving away, Dean closed his eyes, knowing what was going to come next. He'd never taken it up the ass before, never once been interested, so being nervous kind of went with the territory. He knew Cas would be gentle with him, would know he would be overly cautious of the pain he was giving to Dean, but that didn't make him feel any less nervous.
“I'm going to kiss you now,” Cas breathed. Dean only had time to nod once before he wrapped his lips over the other man's, his tongue darting instantly inside, tasting, swirling. Dean's mouth moved with his and they both groaned with the pleasure of it. There was no urgency, no hunger. It was just them, able to do this without worries, without the need to rush it. They could finally love each other, openly and honestly. This type of love, this type of kiss, didn't need to be rushed. It was slow. It was gentle. It made Castiel dizzy with need. It made him want more.
The footsteps stopped. Nothing could be heard except heavy breathing. Dean desperately tried not to glance at Sammy, but with every silent second that passed, he could feel his will crumbling. Just as he was about to give in and look at the man next him, his brother spoke. “This has to stop, Dean. It's been nearly two weeks!”
He flicked his eyes to the angel and stifled his gasp. Cas was standing with wide, terror-filled eyes, his angel blade now on the table as he held out his hands with a surrendering gesture. He was giving himself up to save him. Dean wouldn't allow that. He wanted to shout at him, to tell him not to do this. But the grip on his neck increased its pressure, making it near impossible to utter a single sound. Dean was sure there were bruises forming at the pressure-points, but he didn't care. All he could think about was the panic twisting around his guts.
He walked into the kitchen, down the couple of steps and halted. Sam was sat at the table, coffee in one hand, and his tablet in the other. When Cas walked in, he looked up, placing both items on the table and smiled nervously. “Has he said anything yet?”
“Cas? I'm so sorry.” Dean's voice brought him back from his thoughts and he instantly searched out those green eyes, those green eyes that were so full of sadness and guilt that it made Cas's heart ache.
“Yes.” It was barely a whisper but Cas heard it. He dropped his hand, sucking in a breath of shock. Tears now filled his eyes. And yet again Cas's blue eyes were filled with understanding. Why the hell did always have to be so understanding?
Cas allowed his smile to brighten. But the guilt niggled at his insides. “I'm sorry. I jumped to conclusions.”
“Actually, I'm going to grab some breakfast. Want anything?” Sam asked, grabbing the Impala's keys. Dean shook his head. Castiel watched as Sam showed concern for his brother. He was starting to sense something was up and Dean would not allow his brother to go poking around.
A knock startled him and he froze. It was Sam. Who else would it be? But did he really want to answer. His brother was sporting a disapproval look, he thought to himself. He's probably come to lecture him about what had happened out in the library, or he's come to get more information on the matter. Either one didn't sound appealing. He gulped past the lump in his throat as he waited silently, not daring to move, hoping he would hear his brother sigh in defeat on the other side of the door before moving away. Dean would be able to hear his footsteps growing quieter and quieter, and with each step he would sag even more with relief that yet again he dodged another bullet.
“Not the point. The point is, a buddy of mine went over there, found some sulphur. So demon, obviously. When he spoke to witnesses, someone had seen a guy leave the building just before the police got there.”
His brother ran back to the house. Dean knew the curiosity had gotten the better of him. He knew he needed to see that baby. That child that had brought them all to this moment. He couldn't follow him, not caring what lay behind those walls. Nothing mattered, not any more.
But then again, Dean might not want to yet. He might want to take things slow, just to reassure himself that this was real and that Cas wasn't just going to up and leave one day. Just then another thought struck him, just as Dean started to move towards him. He needed to clear this up first. It had to be done. He held up his hand, stopping Dean's progress. He watched as though in slow motion, the dropping of the smile, the panic in his eyes. He knew Dean was thinking he had got his wires crossed somewhere, knew he was thinking that maybe Cas had changed his mind. But he had to get this out.
Dean found himself nodding in agreement and that little voice was yelling at him for being a dick. Cas nodded back and smiled weakly at him. Dean returned the smile and before Dean could say anything Cas was gone. He fought against the urge to call him back, feeling the emptiness within him. Cas needed to do this and Dean needed to let him. It was the only way for things to become normal again.
The importance of what he was doing here had left him in an instant as he watched Dean pull away from the girl and smile down at her. His heart couldn't take any more of this. That was the smile he wanted from Dean. He wanted Dean to look at him like that, with a lustful hunger. He watched as he dragged the girl down the street and down the side alley. He knew what was to come next.
Dean slumped back onto the pillows, tears springing to his eyes. He refused to let them fall though. He couldn't be that mess again. Couldn't allow himself to become that needy, desperate hollow man again. He couldn't. He could get past this. Just push on. One task at a time, like last time. First he needed to shower. Wash away the sleep, wash away his thoughts.
Feeling like he's at the end of his tether now, he closes his eyes and tries to rearrange his thoughts so they don't seem so scattered. First to be organised is his missing brother and coming to the conclusion that he is fucking possessed and killing people. Then he saw what Sam did last night and got hammered from whisky, now feeling a banging headache and the urge to vomit. Now, his feelings for Cas seem to be pushing their way closer and closer to the surface. This close proximity they have going on isn't helping. Normally he would deal with Cas for a few hours and then spend days pushing his feelings back down where they belong. Now they are spending every waking moment together, trying to get Sam back, he's not had any time to deal with it all yet. How much longer can he really do this for? How much longer till he loses his control?
Cas joins him on his side of the car and Dean automatically tenses. He hates and loves being close to the angel. He could probably be able to handle the normal amount of closeness, but Cas has no perception of that, and stands way to close, close enough for Dean to feel the heat coming from his body.
He held Dean's hand in his, tightly grasping it, feeling those warm fingers in his. The feel of it made his heart soar, made him needy and achy, like he was desperate for any type of contact with the man. He wound his way through the bunker, dodging furniture. They were both silent. Both deep in thought. Castiel wondered what Dean was thinking. He glanced at him out the corner of his eye. Dean's face was solemn, his lips in a tight line, his eyes darting from side to side. Was he regretting this? Was he thinking of running again? Castiel hoped not, but judging by the look on his face, it certainly appeared that way. The ache was back in his chest. He tried to ignore, tried to concentrate on the feeling of Dean's hands in his, on the rough, warm skin against his smoother hand.
He only wanted sex anyway. Maybe just knowing Cas was unavailable would make all this shit stop. Yeah, Dean’s brain apparently no longer cares that Cas had a penis, but he knows for a fact he draws a line at cheating. Too many guys in the league do it for him to like anything about it.
Cas is forming a small shit eating grin before Dean can even think to take it back. “I can assure you, Dean,” he says, and Dean swears his voice is getting deeper as his accent grows more prominent, “As long as I am distracted I cannot do so well.”
,” Dean swears softly, skating slowly back to the center of the ice to join Balthazar so Bobby can drop the puck for the face off. He wins it, takes it forward two feet before it’s swept away from him.
Dean doesn’t care. He’s seen Jack hurt too many people, and it’s the kid’s own bad luck that they’re people Dean holds dear. Sam is convinced Jack can help them get mom back, but clearly that ain’t happening, and it becomes too much for Dean to bear, to have Jack sitting in the bunker, in a seat that should be Castiel’s.
“As long as we all understand the no homo implications of this conversation,” Gabriel says, face completely serious. Both he and Balthazar stare at Sam until Balthazar snorts, Gabriel’s face breaks into a grin, and they both surge together in a fake display of making out.
“Pretty crazy, finding us in the city we’re playing a game in tomorrow, huh?” Dean raises an eyebrow. “What, you call every restaurant around here until someone took pity and told ya where we were?”
He’s actually running through every possibility when he realizes and stops himself. Why the fuck does he care, anyway?
“Oh, yeah, yeah, of course!” Tracy scrambles in the chair, stretching (totally unnecessarily, in Dean’s opinion) for the phone on the end table next to her. “He lives in Arizona. Do you have your phone? I can put his number in there, and maybe I can give you my ow—”
Dean didn’t like how Chuck made him feel. It was the Heaven manipulated apocalypse all over again, giving Dean the vague sense that every move he made was somehow pleasing to Chuck, an uneasy feeling he couldn’t shake that made him doubt his actions.
Dean’s not sure what he expected, but Krissy looks fine. She’s sitting up in bed, watching the TV suspended from the wall in the corner. There’s an IV in her hand, connected to a drip bag, but that’s the extent of the medical equipment Dean can see.
“Blaming your problems on your brother is part of the reason nobody in the family can seem to like you in the first place.”
“Six,” Dean says quickly. Cas looks disgruntles, so he adds, “Add a Jack and Coke and a White Russian, will ya?” he quickly pulls out his card and hands it over. Might as well start a tab.
“Can Cas come too?” is really the only thing Dean can think to say, and Corbett laughs and says yes, of course.
Turns out maybe Dean should have continued to not pay much attention to the game, since it becomes clear the second the puck drops that this period is going to go nowhere near as smooth as the first.
The rest of the conversation had been about schedules, how Nancy was doing, and how much the St. Louis team sucked, but even that hadn’t made Dean feel any better. He thought for sure out of anyone Victor would agree treating Castiel as coldly as possible was the way to go, but apparently not.
“Hmm?” Cas says. He’s staring down at the weird ass glowing orb they’ve made, twisting it in his hands.
“I realized something, after the cage,” Cas muses. Dean searches his face desperately for some sign that this is Cas’ fucked up idea of a joke, or that this is something he’s being forced to do, but there is none, and he can only listen as Cas continues, “after you sent me after Amara, alone, and after you allowed Lucifer to beat me senseless.” Here is a wounded look, one Dean recognizes well but hasn’t seen displayed so openly on Cas’ face since a time when shadows of flaming holy oil had danced across it. “You are incapable of loving anyone, Dean. It’s no wonder that everyone you attempt to care about leaves you.”
Cas cocks his head at him. “All I have to do is win one, and my face off percentage will be better than yours.”
Get a fucking hold of yourself, Dean. You’re not his friend, remember? You have nothing to feel guilty about.
“More like I can feel regret and sorrow,” Cas corrects gently, “and I can feel your yearning, so it’s time to come home.”
“Who are you?” the woman asks, and it’s the slight accent similar to Cas’ that clinches it for Dean.
“Figure it out Winchester,” Bobby says darkly. “You wanna be a leader, you can damn well act like one.” Bobby leaves for the office without another word, probably to call Carver and bitch about what a bunch of complete idiots he’s supposed to coach. Same thing he does every season. Except this one feels different.
If Cas thinks this is a subject change, he gives no indication of it. “No,” he cocks his head. “I still find it difficult to read in English. I am much better at listening to you.”
Dean always expects kids to be chatty, especially the ones who seem to be fans. But this one is quiet, and he doesn’t seem shy. Dean finishes signing his name and looks up. “You alright there, kid?”
Cas lets out a long exhale of breath onto Dean’s hand on the word Dmitri, and Dean wonders briefly if Cas has something to say, when Sam’s voice gets louder, and he snaps back to attention.
“No way angelface, you’re hired,” Meg says over her shoulder. “I’m desperate. Had to get rid of a guy named Uriel last week because he was scaring the kids, and then today Balthazar tells me his modeling agency got him some job as a sexy Santa, so here you are. You can start today, right?”
For the past month, Cas has been slowly tearing him a part, never saying a word about it. Dean wants to do the same.
The last straw comes when Benny finally stops laughing like the shit he is and takes pity on Dean, letting him come close enough to skate behind him so he can leave the puck and Dean can pick it up. Sam’s got Krushnic tied up in the corner, finally putting his giant abnormal body to some sort of use. The puck’s just waiting for him with no opposition in sight, and Dean feels some of his irritation drain with the anticipation of sweeping it smoothly down the ice with his stick and easily dumping it in the back of the net.
Cas is a goddamned idiot. Dean could have forgiven the Purgatory thing. He really could have. He was so fucking relieved to see Cas again, to have both him and Sam back. Team Free Will, on the road together again. He never even minded that Cas hadn’t managed to haul out Sam’s soul. They got it back eventually, the fact that Cas even went to grab Sam at all –
,” Dean says in disgust. “That’s life, Jo. It’s what happens. It would just suck if the team got ruined over it.”
His family is easy, they’ve always been easy. Sam gets the newest of those damn Supernatural books to open on Christmas Eve, and Dean finds a place that does custom watch engravings so Sam can’t have an excuse anymore for why he’s not on time for shit.
“What’s downstairs?” he asks. He knows what departments are down there, and most of them have to do with formal attire and beauty products. He has no idea what Dean might want to show him.
“Wait, wait, wait, hold up,” Dean holds his hand up, his mind having already screeched to a halt. “Cas called? When did Cas call?”
“I talked to Edlund, Dean,” Bobby interrupts. “Talked to him all summer. Victor was up for a raise if we wanted to renew his contract this season, and you know we don’t got enough money for that and everybody else. Hell, this Krushnic could turn out to be better than Henrickson, and he comes dirt cheap.”
“I know how to fight,” Cas says coldly, and his eyes flash so dangerously Dean finds himself backing away from that one, even as the look sends a worrying zing straight to his groin.
Dean knows Jo is acting weird, way outside the range of having an off day. If he were a good friend, a good person even, he’d try to figure it out, but Dean’s a fuck up who can’t even figure out his own problems, and he’s never understood how he’s kept the friends he does have, so he grabs the whiskey bottle and fills his glass again.
Being in the locker room while it’s empty is always weird for Dean. Locker rooms are like second homes to him, except his team is what makes it his home. Without them, it’s like this strange, in between empty space, something with the potential to make him happy but devoid of the means. It’s not a feeling he really likes to explore, just gets in and dumps his stuff and gets out as quickly as possible until the locker room starts filling up again.
“Everyone knows the first batch of a buffet is always the best, Cassie,” Gabriel informs him cheerfully. Way too cheerful for how early it is. “The cooks don’t give a fuck after about the sixth millionth tray of bacon.”
I've never experienced an attack, panic or anxiety or otherwise, and while what Cas is experiencing in this chapter isn't exactly that, he is having a magnified freak out. I did a bit of research to look at what that feels like, but if there's anything glaringly incorrect please let me know and I'll fix it as best I can.
“Like my shot, huh?” Dean reaches over and slaps at Cas’ controller, moving his character right in the way of some crossfire and killing him. “Who’s slow now?”
and then it’d be all over, no one would ever take you seriously again. You’d get beat to hell, a career closed with injuries and chants of ‘Deanna Winchester’ to escort you off the ice forever.
“No.” Dean takes a hasty step away from Cas and slams the hood of the car shut, just for something to do. He stares at the dark silver of the hood for a minute before running a hand through his hair and glancing over his shoulder at Cas. “So, uh. How’s the detective work been going?”
“Seemed more than alright to me,” Victor remarks. “Good player. You two seemed friendly.” Dean opens his mouth and Victor shoots him a hard look. “Oh please. Please try to deny that so I can point out what you’re doing.”
Cas hesitates, and Dean can actually see the stubbornness slipping away. “If I come with, we will have a conversation?”
“Oh!” Alex’s eyes widen and she looks back at Cas. “Well, I guess…I could send a bellhop up with you, and he could check your ID once the door was opened.”
“You want a drink?” Eli interrupts. Cas looks up in surprise, and Dean watches as he shifts a little, putting a shoulder between him and Dean.
“Jesus Cas, what—“ he abruptly cuts himself off when he sees the look on Cas’ face, expression going from indignant to cocky in an instant. “Thought you didn’t do workplace stuff?”
“Geez Dean, a little more warning next time. I ran into your room to jump on your bed and this guy was there instead.”
“None taken,” Dean tells her, genuinely meaning it and enjoying the look on Cas’ face, like he’s touched but isn’t sure why.
“Dean!” they yell, crowding him as he and Cas try to get to the car. “Dean Winchester!” a flash goes off and Dean shuts his eyes irritably.
It’s a fair point. The only thing really fucking with Dean right now is Dean himself. Well, that and the constant media speculation, but that’s only getting to him because he’s letting it get to him. Refusing to even see the stuff is a smart choice.
As much as he’d rather have exchanged a couple of grunts with Benny and called It a day, he’s kind of glad Sam won. It’s easier to talk with someone who knows what you’re not saying.
It can’t be that much of a coincidence. Rexford is not a large town, there can’t be more than three gas stations here. But Dean can’t help but grin when he stops to fill his baby up and catches sight of him through the window. Purple striped shirt, blue vest. That’s Cas.
“Dean!” Benny yells. Dean’s knee jerks up automatically in response, miraculously connecting with the ball that was kicked his way and sending it straight up into the rafters.
“Why?” Dean pushes. For some reason that just makes Cas glare harder, and Dean huffs and swipes the towel over his visor again, startling when Bobby barks, “Winchester! Pay attention damn it, back on the ice!”
“Why would he do that?” Krushnic asks suddenly. He’s staring at the rag in Sam’s hands, which he must have managed to read upside down, or at least get the gist of. Actually kind of impressive. Dean can barely read English upside down, and it’s the only language he speaks.
“No,” Castiel says dumbly, memorized by how green Dean’s eyes look. “No, you couldn’t if you tried.”
Dean takes a moment to wonder what the hell those chats are like (he imagines Sam crying in frustration and Cas screaming in Russian – hey come to think of it, he’s never really heard him speak Russian, has he?) before pointing at Cas. “What the hell are you two saying about me?”
does that mean, that everyone in the world knows how gay he is for Cas? Can they tell when he’s playing or something? Does he fucking
He totally is. He’s doing that thing with his face. That wide eyed soul searching makes Dean feel ripped open wide for the world to see thing. “You are. You do the…” he trails off and gestures with his hand, like that explains more.
“Jesus, we doing that again?” Benny drops into the chair next to Dean as Sam appears at the same time and pulls out the one across from him, carefully maneuvering around all the bags in his hands. “With how much ya talk about your dick, Gabriel, you’re startin’ to make me wonder if you even have one.”
Dean carefully does not freak out over the Apocalypse World version of Cas, but that alternate future terrifies him, almost as thoroughly as the burned out husk of a human Castiel that Zachariah once showed him. This Cas’ eyes are a clouded milky white, and he twitches constantly, his mouth a permanent sneer. This Cas has never had anybody tell him family are the people you choose, that orders can be questioned. This Cas doesn’t have support from anybody. He’s never had anyone tell him they love him.
“Genesis, chapter two, verse eight,” Benny mutters into his coffee. “And upon Mary did God proclaim, ‘let there be incest.’”
“That is me,” the guy says carefully, and Dean raises an eyebrow. His voice is deep and rough, with a slight hint of an accent, not at all what he expected out of him. Then again, the visor and his helmet is making it hard for Dean to really put together what he looks like, so who knows. For all Dean can tell, this guy is fucking James Earl Jones himself.
Three – to add to this wonderful image of boredom and workout regimens, summer is always the season of trade. Contracts are negotiated, general managers go to work, and somewhere on the team, some poor assholes are getting booted. Doesn’t matter if it’s you or anyone else, you’re still losing a teammate.
“Hey, Cavs, gather ‘round, the newbie and Cap are gonna shoot some pool!” Ash announces to the bar at large. Dean rolls his eyes when Gabriel bounds over, Sam and Benny close on his heels. Everybody else already around the pool table turns their attention to Krushnic, who’s studying the pool cue in his hands with a curious expression on his face.
He can’t see who it belongs to, either because his vision has gone blurry or because of the way they’re bent over the pool table, but damn this chick has to be hot. Has to be, no way would God punish everybody by not matching a face to that fantastic ass.
“Ohhhh, I love it when you get all dom on us, Sammy-boy,” Gabriel says cheerfully, but to Dean’s surprise, he actually gets up, dragging Balthazar with him. “Come on Balthy, there’s gotta be funnel cake somewhere in this dump.”
“Objectively speaking from my incredibly straight view as a heterosexual male,” Balthazar says, and Dean’s surprised to hear what he’s pretty sure is sarcasm. “I think Gabriel would come before you even got your pants off, Winchester.”
“Actually, I’ve been teaching Jess,” she says, gesturing at her friend. “She wanted to learn this summer.”
Kelly becomes Cas’ responsibility when Dean and Sam get arrested by the FBI, which is a speedbump more than anything else. Dean sleeps better than he has in weeks, knowing that Cas is looking for them, but starts getting anxious the more time passes.
Faintly, he hears something ding, but he ignores it in favor of cupping his hand against Tessa’s heat as she bucks her hips into the movement – until she stops.
Dean scrubs harder at the bright white number twelve set against the inky black of the helmet. Trust Balthazar to have a difficult helmet to clean. “Come on, Cas. You know my dad. Four time Stanley cup winner? Recipient of the Conn Smythe? The Selke? Ringing any bells here?”
“I heard he was the youngest player to ever be drafted on a Russian team,” Kevin, who’s pretty young himself, speaks up.
Not that Dean could blame them. He didn’t always have to open his mouth for people to recognize how awesome he is.
His brain, the fucking traitor, immediately flashes to a pair of blue eyes, and then suddenly and vividly remembers the ass from last night that he was certain the alcohol had erased. “Maybe,” he says stiffly. “That doesn’t mean I’m attracted to them.”
Friday night means the bar is slightly more crowded than usual, so Dean’s actually got to wait a few minutes after sitting down for Jo to spot him and bring over a beer.
“Yeah okay Mr. Candy Man,” Dean says, nodding at the wrapper still clenched in his hand. “You know Bobby’s gonna kill you, right? You’re already the shortest guy to ever play hockey, don’t become the slowest too.”
She stumbles out a thanks and moves on to Cas, who greets her with a, “you are a very kind person.” Dean hopes she doesn’t faint.
“Little over-eager there, aren’t you boy?” she asks, stooping down to help him. “Not that I can blame you with your young man.”
Castiel’s jaw works, and the leviathan can see him debating whether it will be worse for him to answer or stay silent. It decides to encourage him.
He can feel his shoulder now, throbbing with anger from where he’d decided to aggressively introduce it to solid glass, so he doesn’t make a fuss. Avoiding his teammate’s eyes, he says, “C’mon, Sam.”
This time when Dean swings open the door, Cas isn’t there. Dean frowns down at the dog, who just looks up at him with what he swears is a grin. “Useless,” he tells him. Chekov’s tail wags harder.
Castiel purses his lips, unsure why Dean is asking other than that he might have told Sam something he doesn’t want Castiel to know. The thought is not comforting. “Not lately. Why?”
“Alan Corbett was the son of Phillip Corbett, general manager for Toronto. Pretty well respected guy, you know, and Alan was a hockey scout for some college…anyway, he came out a few years ago, closest to anyone the NHL has had coming out in the organization. He was a really big voice for kids bein’ able to play their sport without being affected by who they were. He died in a car crash a few months later, and his dad and his brother do a pretty good job of keeping his voice strong in the league.”
Cas gasps something in Russian and bites down hard on the tendons of Dean’s neck, shooting hard all over Dean’s hand and onto his stomach. Dean isn’t too far behind, swearing heavily as he uses the come to pump their spent cocks one last time, dropping his face into Cas’ sweat dampened hair.
Benny snorts from beside him, and Dean startles. He’d forgotten he was there. “You making innuendo, brother?”
Their version of domestic bliss, what Dean so graciously names Team Free Will 2.0, is short-lived. Demons and angels are both after Jack, and Jack is no closer to opening an interdimensional rift. Worse than that, he can’t seem to gain any control over his powers. When Jack runs, Dean aches alongside Cas.
They crowd into the elevator with a doctor and a couple of nurses. Dean listens to their conversation intently and is disappointed that they sound nothing like they do on Dr. Sexy. Sometime between the third floor and the fourth, Cas’ hand slips into his. Dean squeezes once and doesn’t let him go, not even when they got off on the fifth floor.
“Dude, you sure you don’t want some food?” Dean asks, not for the first time. The table in front of Krushnic is noticeably empty, since he’d shaken his head every time Sam suggested chicken fingers to him.
The next time he wakes up he’s hit with an overwhelming wave of nausea, and well, lucky it turns out he’s in his own apartment because otherwise he probably wouldn’t have made it to the toilet in time. He hangs his head over the side of the bowl and retches, vision spinning and blotchy, and when he’s finished and breathing, heavy and shallow, he realizes there’s a hand running up and down his back, someone murmuring things Dean’s brain doesn’t fully have the function to grasp. Cas helps Dean back to bed, where he collapses, and Dean is awake long enough to see Castiel, shirtsleeves rolled up and bodily pushing Chekov back from the toilet as he scrubs it, before he falls into oblivion once again.
A loud yell from Ash pulls his attention away, just for a second, and in that second, Krushnic sticks the puck away from Dean and skates off. Sam is on his ass by the boards, rubbing his elbow as Ash stands over him and encourages him to get up.
“Best of,” Benny shrugs. “Boy’s a good one to have in your corner. You’re lucky you caught his eye.”
“I don’t understand why you had three helpings,” Cas says, and Dean cranes his neck in time to catch the repulsive awe on his face as he studies Dean’s foot.
“We live in a fucked up world, Chief,” Benny says sympathetically, flicking through the channels on the TV.
“Yeah?” Dean grins and leans forward, catching Cas’ lips with his own. “What do you need, sweetheart?”
“You should let him have a girlfriend, man,” Dean finally settles on. “S’you know, the normal thing to do.” Harry’s kind of weird too. Who knows the next time he’ll have a chance with a girl, even as a hockey player.
Eli’s eyebrow raises, and this is where Dean should feel that pure flash of panic. But he doesn’t. Just thinks miserably about Cas, who apparently is interested in other people, more than he’s interested in Dean. Which is fucking stupid. Dean is awesome.
All of the blood in Dean’s head has seemed to rush to his groin, so he really only has the brainpower to continue clutching both Cas’ coat and hair as he stupidly asks, “what?”
“You assholes are the only people I talk to anyway,” Dean counters in a grumble, glancing at their finished cookies. “You wanna get those in the fridge before they melt, Sam? Unless you’re gonna eat them now.”
The plane from San Jose had landed at O’Hare at about two in the morning, and by four Dean was dragging his ass through the door of his apartment, ignoring how his taxi reached the apartment the same time as Krushnic’s, and how stupid it was that he’d decided he couldn’t ride in the same one as the guy even though they were going to the same place.
Cas makes a soft noise, almost a whimper, and the sudden rush of warmth Dean feels puts him over the edge as well.
“Sure, Sasquatch, but hockey season means I can stop beating your ass and start applying myself to beating people who are actually good at the sport.”
Cas starts to lean towards Dean, close enough that Dean’s heart begins to beat faster before Cas seems to think better of whatever the hell he was going for and he places a hand on Dean’s arm. “Thank you, Dean,” he says quietly.
Krissy shoots him a grateful look Dean can only imagine is for not ratting her out as sick, and Cas’ face instantly softens. “Hello,” he says. “Aidan is fairly good at hockey. I’m sure he is excited to have you here.”
After experiencing this cold indifference he wanted nothing more to see the warm look in his eyes again, to see the love and comfort they could hold. He couldn't help it, the desire to know was too strong. “Everything okay?” His voice sounded weak and broken and he hated himself for it.
So here is where free-writing got me. I so hope you enjoy it. I can't wait to hear what you all think.
He turned from the fields, about to vanish but paused. He was about to go to Dean. Dean was always the one he would go to for things like human emotions and such. But this time he couldn't do that. This time the human emotions he needed advice on had everything to do with him. He couldn't go up to him and ask him how he should get over him. That wasn't fair on either of them, especially Dean.
Eventually he felt the sobs subside, felt the tears drying on his face. The words his brother was whispering came to the forefront of his mind, louder and more insistent. He still couldn't make them out, but he wasn't bothered, he just revelled in the comfort of his soothing voice. Sam pulled back a little, trying to get a look at Dean when he sensed he was calmer. Dean refused to look at him as the embarrassment of what he was doing settled in his mind.
Dean gulped past the lump in his throat, it hurt like hell, but that was the least of his worries. He should be really pissed, he should make him suffer a little for everything that he did. To be honest, he was very angry, but his relief at seeing him alive and stood there right in front of him outweighed the anger. Dean found himself nodding, and he watched as the joy appeared across the angels features, making Dean's own soar. All he ever wanted was to fight by Dean's side and knowing that Dean wasn't going to make him leave seemed to be enough for him.
The doubt and pain evaporated from his heart, only for it to swell with joy and happiness. But he was also very mindful of what Cas was doing. Yet again he was being selfless, he was putting Dean first, allowing him to have an out, allowing him to go back on what he'd said. He was allowing Dean to walk away if that was what he truly wanted.
Castiel wrapped his arms tightly around him, burying his face into the crook of his neck. He never wanted this moment to end, never wanted to let him go. But a knock at the door ruined it all.
He tore his hand away, making him yelp with pain, but he ignored it and shuffled backwards, his eyes wide and pleading. Cas was shocked. Of course he was, he didn't understand why Dean didn't want to be healed. Nobody would. Nobody would understand what he was feeling. “Don't.”
“Sorry for what?” he whispered it, partly so Sam wouldn't hear them talking but also to keep the mood of the moment going.
. Cas nods and holds his hand over the handle, the lock instantly springs free and the door swings open an inch.
Every time he looked at him, all he could see was Cas, dead and gone forever. He couldn't help it and deep down he knew that the kid meant well. He also knew that Sam was kind of right as well. But he couldn't help it. He hated him, he loathed him, he wanted to punch him. Perhaps demand that he die instead of Cas. Of course that wasn't going to happen.
It had been Sam's idea to take Jack home, to drop the case, get someone else to do it. And Cas thought that was a good idea because as he looked upon Jack, he saw how miserable he was, how guilt-ridden he was. They needed to get him away from this town, away from this situation. But Dean had never liked leaving a case. Of course he understood getting Jack back to the bunker. He understood the need for them to leave.
This was really happening. He would finally get to feel Dean fill him, feel him make love to him. But that's not what this was. This was Dean satisfying his hungry sexual desire. No love. Sadness fuelled his tears that slid down his flushed cheeks, hitting the table beneath. He slowly pressed the side of his cheek against the table, closing his eyes, trying to hide what he was truly feeling, trying press those tears away. He felt sick to his stomach. This wasn't how it was suppose to be.
Castiel fell then. The pain of losing Dean finally knocking him over. He clutched at his chest, the tears finally coming. This wasn't fair. He needed to go to him. Needed to try and heal him again. Sam stood abruptly, making Castiel jump. He looked up at the doctor that had approached them. He couldn't make out what they were saying, the blood pumping in his ears was too loud.
Dean tried to push the panic away, knowing it was making the darkness close in quicker. He glanced at his brother. This was it, he was about to pass out.
What's going to happen now, though? Will Sam be disgusted? Will he get angry? Dean knew that the moment he joined them back in the map room, Sam would fire a billion and one questions at him. He wasn't ready for that. Not yet. He'd only just figured out he was in the love with the angel, only just about managed to choke up the courage to tell the dude. Last night. It was only last night. It seemed a million years ago now. Now Sam knew. Maybe he didn't know the whole story, but he knew enough. What was he going to do? He didn't even know what he and Cas had yet.
“Same here.” Cas cocked his head to the side, confusion in his eyes now. “I was being a dick.” Without thinking too much about it, he wrapped his arms around Cas's neck and pulled him in tightly. He could feel the tension in his muscles but after a moment, he felt arms wrapping around his waist. Cas buried his face into his neck and he could feel the wet tears burning his skin.
“It's okay, Sam.” Castiel sounded all forgiving. This just infuriated him even more. Why the hell was he always so understanding and so forgiving? If he wasn't then maybe he would have actually put his foot down long before now, stopping Dean from running. Even as he thought it, he hated himself. This wasn't Cas's fault, not even by a long shot. This was all on him. There was no one to blame but him.
So I wasn't going to dive right into the whole Kelly thing, but when I started writing this I thought, “WOW! This is actually good.” I also figured that Cas would go off and do his 'duty', and Dean would be so okay with that because that's their life, right?
He felt Cas shiver and Dean frowned. Was he cold? He shouldn't be cold. Angels don't get cold. Fear started to fill him again. Cas wasn't okay. He was dying. He was going to leave him. “Cas...” He didn't know what to say. Didn't know how to help. The feeling of being useless started worm its way into his brain.
Cas's smile faltered at the question and his eyes grew sad. “With my life.” Yes, Dean knew that. They could fight back to back and he knew Cas trusted him to have his back, trusted him to protect him, that he would do anything to save him.
“Dean?” His brother's voice sounded through his muddled mind, snapping him to attention. He sucked in air, trying to calm his rolling emotions. “Everything okay?”
Panic flared itself within Dean. Was he about to close himself off from all emotions? “I… I don't understand.” He thought he understood, he needed Cas to confirm it for him. He needed Cas to say it.
He pushed his car forward, trying to drown out his thoughts of the dead angel that he'd left behind. He knew he would have to deal with the body sooner or later, but for right now he needed to focus on finding Jack.
Briefly he thought about calling out for them, but decided against it. The thought of having a lecture from his brother made him shudder with shame. He could almost picture Sam's face, pinched in disgust, yelling at him. He couldn't deal with that, not now. He slowly made his way through the bunker. In the distance he could hear two voices. He made his way towards them.
Dean had no idea what had just happened. One minute they were discussing him leaving and the next they were debating over whether Dean wanted to be with Cas. He was honest, as honest as he'd ever been with anyone, including Sam. Yet, Cas still left.
“Dean, it's okay.” No its not. Its not okay, because he'd almost lost him. This was why he didn't let himself love. This is why he didn't let himself have what he wanted. They always end up dead. Every single time. Leaving him alone, to nurse the hole they would always leave behind, the hole that was punched straight through his chest. Abruptly, he pulled away, dropping Cas. He crawled backwards, his eyes wide and fearful. Cas looked at him, his own eyes wide and shocked at the sudden change. Then his eyes narrowed. Dean just shook his head. No, he couldn't do this. He couldn't have this. He will die. He will die and it will be all his fault. He needed to protect him. Protect him form the dangers that followed Dean around like the plague.
“I'm going to stay by your side. I'm going to keep fighting, with you. But… But we can't go there again. I can't go there again.”
Then he could feel the tightening in his balls and knew what was coming next. He was about to cum without being touched. “Cas, I'm so close.”
He pushed back from the table, startling both Sam and Jack, both looking at him expectantly. He didn't say anything as he walked past them. He could hear Sam saying his name, questioning where he was going, he didn't answer, a new purpose set with every footstep.
A hand on his should. He looked up into his brothers soft eyes. He was worried too. Dean didn't know if he was worried about him or Cas. “Come on, Dean, let's get back to the bunker.”
Strong hands pulling him back. Lips moving. Saying something. Those same hands picked up the wounded man. Castiel thought about stopping him, but something was telling him to let Sam do this. To let him take his brother somewhere safe. He needed to follow. Needed stay by Dean's side. Needed to beg him not leave him. Not like this.
“No. I'm not saying that. I'm saying, time and time again you forgive us… me. You forgive me when you really shouldn't.”
Cas grunted as he made contact with the concrete behind him, his hands finding Dean's that were fisted into that damn trench coat. Cas looked like he was ready for a fight, taking the move as nothing more than what it seemed – anger. He was getting ready to defend and run if necessary.
It was settled then. He couldn't ignore this any longer. They needed to talk about this. Dean needed to know where he stood with them now. Castiel needed to make it known what his expectations were. But first he needed to wait for Dean to calm down. There was no point in trying to talk with him when Dean was in this mood. So instead, he healed Sam's lip and went about fixing the room up with his powers. That's all he could do for the moment.
When they had finally pulled up in front of that lonely house, he had felt nervous, knowing Cas wouldn't return his relief at seeing each other again. He would worry about Dean's purpose for being there, worry about that child that still hasn't been born yet, worry about Dean's intentions. Sam was the one to knock and they listened carefully to the movements inside.
His mind should be solely focused on finding his brother, but its not. Its there at the back of his mind as he numbly goes through his search results, his eyes unseeing as they scan back and forth. At the front, though, is Cas and how Dean could possibly help him. What's been going on? Here he is having a crisis in so many different ways, making it all about finding Sam and keeping his feelings buried deep, that he hadn't even realised that his best friend was having his own crisis. The guilt twists a knot in his gut and he swallows thickly. What a shitty person he is. It has always been the same. It always went in the same direction. Sam and Dean would wallow in their self-pity and their own battles, and Cas would be so concerned about helping them, saving them, that his own problems would go unnoticed.
As if sensing something, Dean froze, his eyes catching Castiel's for the first time since their moment. Dean's eyes darkened momentarily. He darted his eyes away, too quickly, as if he suddenly realized what he was doing. Dean had never noticed the heat that had flared up within Castiel before his feelings were revealed. But now he could see it, sense it. Castiel didn't quite know how he felt about that.
Castiel's heart stopped briefly as his blood froze in his veins. An icy chill travelled down his back. He instantly hardened his eyes. Heaving a breath, he stood and turned to face the voice. She looked just the same as the last time he saw her and the urge to attack her pushed forward.
The way it feels under his hand is disturbing and he wants to rip it away, but it dawns on him that she wants him to feel this, wants him to know what its like to get close to taking a life like this. An innocent life. But she has other plans. She pulls out a knife and scrapes it down the side of this man's face, blood following in its wake, while she keeps the choke hold firm. The man tries to yelp, but nothing comes out.
Dean did. No hesitation. No panic. Nothing but arousal and love filling him to the brim, making his heart bounce with need. Cas very carefully pulled his clothing from his body and tossed them away He was now completely naked, completely vulnerable, completely exposed. Cas stood and stripped himself, so very slowly of his own clothes. Dean watched with fascination as the angels own cock sprung free, his mouth dried up and his hands twitched, he wanted to touch it. Perhaps he should have been shocked by wanting such a thing, but he really wasn't. Cas gripped his shoulders, his intent to push him down was evident, but Dean didn't want that, not yet. Without thinking it through properly, without thinking about what he was doing, he gripped Cas's hard cock in his fist. He heard the hiss leave Cas's mouth, and Dean locked his eyes to those blue ones again. The angels eyes were wide, his mouth parted.
The motel comes into sight too quickly. His brother isn't outside and his heart sinks in his chest at the sight, but he still holds out hope and he parks the car, climbs out and pushes into their room. Its silent, too silent, and dark. The curtains still closed, beds unmade.
Dean nodded in agreement, chewing his bottom lip in thought. Castiel allowed his eyes to wander down to his mouth, a shot of arousal shot into his stomach at the sight. With a whispered sigh he turned his back on it. “Do you not agree, Cas?” Sam asked, unaware of what he was actually sighing about.
After getting dressed, he took in a deep, reassuring breath and made his way out of the bathroom, cradling his broken hand.
And he screams and claws at the demon. He screams till his throat is raw. He claws at her till he's a bleeding mess on the inside. He fights and fights her. He won't let her get to Dean, he won't allow it. But she just laughs at him.
He rose again, slowly, and then suck back down, his hips rolling. He caught his angels eyes. They were so full of pleasure and hunger, Dean couldn't hold back any more. He picked up the speed, the huge cock touching that pleasurable spot deep inside him. He leant down and kissed Cas again.
“Let me heal you?” He was asking for permission and Dean felt his heart melt. This was causing him pain. The realisation came slow, but when it reached the surface, he knew what he had to do. He needed to make Cas believe he was okay. Cas needed him to be okay. Because what had just happened, that hurt him and Cas doesn't need any more pain. Dean might not be able to give him what he really needed, but he could give him this. Slowly he nodded his head. Cas's eyes lit up with relief, a small smile tugging at the corners of his mouth as he reached out to start the healing process.
“No way!” Jo snorts. “This isn’t the Cavs, Dean, you’re not Captain. You know how Cas plays better than me, why don’t you cover him? Sam’s easy to trip up, all you have to make him do is blush.”
now, pulling him onto the couch and on top of him and holding that perfect ass in his hands as Cas ground down onto his dick – and suddenly Dean is fucking angry, because he
“Just shut up Sam,” Dean says. Keeping his eyes closed is kind of a moot point, but he does it anyway. “How about you get over your stupid clown problems, alright? Then we’ll talk.”
“FUCK Gabriel,” Dean snatches the beer away from him. “You really gonna make my first broken tooth be because of a beer bottle?”
Cas must not have been all that asleep, because his eyes crack open and though it takes him a second to figure out what’s going on, he brings his knees closer to his chest, sitting up. Dean drops the plate on the table in front of him and grabs one of the sandwiches, turning his attention to the TV. Cas is watching Dr. Sexy.
Krissy looks up, eyes fierce. “I told ‘em no, though. They’re for kids with fatal diseases.” She purses her lips, like the thought of fatality was so far below her it had never even crossed her mind. “I’m not gonna die.”
But it does matter, it matters a lot, and Dean’s not sure how to handle it, how to be okay with everyone thinking he likes dick, even if it turns out he does. Or Cas’ dick at least, but with the alcohol he can admit that he’s probably not picky, would be fine with any attractive guy who wanted to get naked with him. He doesn’t know what to do about this, he just doesn’t and suddenly he feels like maybe he shouldn’t be touching Cas when he’s like this. He shouldn’t be ruining him.
To trap Chuck, they need a Leviathan blossom from Purgatory. Sam is off with Eileen. Michael isn’t going with them.
“Dean-o!” Gabriel comes running down the hallway, neon pink colored alcohol sloshing over the lip of his glass and onto the stained wood floor. “You got one for the young’ns and then one for unnecessary Ice Girl cleavage. Drink up.” He shoves the glass into Dean’s hands and Dean takes it without hesitation, gulping down two mouthfuls of the sweet tasting liquid.
Cas’ hair tickles his jaw, and Dean tilts his head, buries his nose in it. “I love you,” he breathes softly.
There’s no scoring during the second period, just a grueling game of back and forth that the NHL fucking hates because it makes for shit hockey. Dean couldn't care less. Gordon must agree that it’s boring though, because he goads Dean all through the period, whispering things Dean doesn’t even want to repeat and trying to coax him into throwing his gloves off. Dean doesn’t, but he’s shaking with rage by the time they get off the ice for second intermission, and despite the looks Bobby keeps shooting him Cas spends it tucked up under his arm.
The bathroom is fairly silent again, so maybe it’s safe to leave. It’ll be a fucking miracle if they manage to make it out of here without anyone noticing, but Dean feels like he deserves some miracles. He’s about to reluctantly pull his face away from the warmth of Cas’ skin when his ears perk up, and he manages to catch what the intercom is piping in from the ballfield.
“Just make it into the fucking finals,” she says, face as close to a grin as Dean’s ever seen. “I’ll come for that.”
There are two people Dean could be pining for, someone old and someone new. He is afraid of both of them.
“One of those European things, yeah,” Dean says as evenly as possible. “For the New Year, I guess.” He looks up and eyes his brother. “Don’t get any stupid ideas, Sam. You just said it was normal.”
Dean’s never backed down from anything before though, and he sure as hell isn’t going to start now. Sam calls him a stubborn asshole, but fuck that. Dad always said sticking to your guns was an important trait for a man to have, especially when pride was on the line. Victor’s pride was being challenged here, and if he couldn’t defend it Dean was gonna do it for him. That’s how family worked.
When Jack goes off with Lucifer, Dean knows Cas will do anything to get him back. He’s seen firsthand what Castiel does for the people he loves, what he thinks his own life is worth in comparison.
“What, so you were just gonna skate out here without introducing yourself?” he asks, squaring his shoulders.
Cereal is the only thing Cas is allowed to make, and Dean wants to kiss the guy for trying to fix it with food, just like he had taught him. But he doesn’t, because he shouldn’t be allowed to kiss Cas.
Dean latches onto this gratefully, desperate for anything to distract him from what he’s about to do. “Yeah? What’s her name?”
Even if they’re winning, there’s something broken in his team, in his family, and Dean doesn’t know how to fix it.
Dean shoots him a look and grabs the remote, turning the volume up on the TV. What a load of crap. He could totally be a better person than Krushnic. Sam was gonna eat his friggin’ words.
“Hello Dean,” Cas says when Dean reaches the table, looking slightly uncomfortable, and Dean wonders for a horrified second if Cas has noticed that he’s been acting weird, or if somebody has said something. Then he remembers Cas is oblivious, and foreign. He was fine.
“Sometimes. Sometimes they last all season, and then I’ve got to spend the next year freaking out that every single one of them is gonna go out right before the light show or something.”
Benny slumps down next to him, neck sunburned and sunglasses still covering his eyes, even though it isn’t as bright anymore. Guy’s got a weird relationship with the sun. “Have fun with the kid?” Dean grunts.
“Shit, pancakes!” Gabriel appears in the doorway and makes a beeline for the plate, grabbing one with his bare hands and biting into it. “You’re a saint, Deano.”
Cas shoots him an incredulous look. “You didn’t give me a choice Dean. You couldn’t forgive me and you couldn’t move on. I left, but you didn’t stop me.”
His voice is gruff, somehow even deeper than it usually is. It’s rough and to the point, clipped, like he’s impatient to hear what Dean has to say and wishes he would just get on with it already.
The ref shoots him a dirty look and blows the whistle loudly right in his ear. Dean swears at his retreating back and gets into the penalty box with the official, watching as they get the Forks  defenseman who slashed Cas into his own box next to Dean.
Someone clears their throat and Dean realizes he’s been staring at Krushnic without listening to whatever it is he had to say. Krushnic doesn’t seem put off by it though, since he’s just staring right back, his gaze boring into him.
“Dude, I’m awesome,” he responds automatically, but he stops Cas before he can open the door, forcing him to look him in the eye. “What are you doing, Cas?”
Cas goes begins to bob his head, sucking, wrapping his tongue around Dean and probing at his slit, and while it’s not the best blowjob Dean’s ever gotten, it doesn’t really matter. Cas’ enthusiasm more than makes up for it, his single minded intensity, and Dean finds himself gritting out praise, encouraging him to go faster, be rougher. He can feel his orgasm building, driven by the obscene sight of Cas fully dressed on the floor with his mouth full of Dean’s dick, lips stretched around him and eyes dark with want. Dean swears when he notices that Cas has slipped his own cock out of his sweatpants, is palming himself while he sucks Dean off.
Even Sam was being a jerk about it, telling Dean to just get over it and start focusing on the season. Not only was this Dean’s line, but he was always particularly pissed off when Sam played the high and mighty card, and he makes a silent vow to never pretend to listen to Sam bitch about anything again.
“Yeah, can we get a check and a to-go box?” Dean says, gesturing at Cas and rolling his eyes at Kate. Kate smile in return, gathering his plate before heading off again.
Cas gets that pinched look on his face that he’s been getting ever since they decided not to tell anyone and Cas
“Hey,” Castiel feels an arm wrap around his waist just before he’s greeted with a kiss on the cheek, much to the delight of the woman now waiting for him to hand back the Barbie Doll she’d bought.
Christ. Does Dean know how to fuck up a friendship. Awkward, unwanted sex, check. Losing a guy his job, check. Forcing same guy back to his native country, also check.
“None of us saw that,” he says, shaking his head. “You know the rules, Winchester, no reviews on goalie interference claims. It’s a goal.”
“Cas,” Dean says, quietly horrified. But then Gordon and Zach look just as horrified, so hey, that’s a plus.
“Can someone please inform me why it’s alright for Dean to flirt with Cassie, but my flirting with Gabriel is practically cause for a third World War?”
“Dean Winchester,” Dean says when he notices Castiel staring, promptly dropping his plastic fork to stick out his hand. Castiel switches his gaze to that instead. It is calloused and he can see faint traces of pine sap trapped in Dean’s fingernails.
“At the very least I found that Marlowe had some humanity,” Cas is saying, and Dean grunts in acknowledgement. Marlowe was the philosophical one, he remembers, and he smiles slightly that he probably could have guessed Cas would be drawn to him.
“Dean?” Dean can tell Cas is repeating himself, a tinge of alarm creeping into his tone. “Dean, is everything alright?”
“Fine,” Gabriel says darkly, flipping his mask back down. “But next time that shithole comes near my net, I’m knocking him on his ass.”
“You two sure looked cozy when I came to pick you up,” Gabriel grins, completely ignoring Cas’ annoyance. “If I’d been about five minutes later…”
It’s one of those baseball type games, the ones where you’re meant to throw the ball at weighted pins that look like cats. Cas is obviously sulking at being forced to do menial labor for whatever fucking stuffed animal he’s decided he has to have, but he takes one of the balls at Dean and throws it at the pins.
They second period is almost over when Cas ties the game up so effortlessly Dean doesn’t even really see the goal or register it’s happened, just sees Sammy barreling towards Cas and rushes after him on instinct, thumping his friend on the chest and grinning widely. Cas catches his hand over his heart and lets go almost immediately afterwards, but Dean’s still too distracted to listen to anything Bobby says during the second intermission.
“Read in the car,” Dean had told him, and at Sam’s response had yelled “Uncalled for!” at his retreating back.
“Hello,” Krushnic says, eyes running over all of them and coming to a rest on Lisa. He slowly holds out his hand. “I’m Castiel.”
Dean’s standing before he realizes it, hearing another chair slam to the ground too. His best guess is Benny, but only because he’ll be the one to stop Dean from doing something stupid. “Maybe if you spent as much time building muscle as you do running your mouth you wouldn’t feel so insecure about your size, Zach.”
Cas kisses him again, gentler this time, but there’s a slow urgent build behind it as he works his way into Dean’s mouth. Dean is so focused on the feeling of Cas and just being there with him that he makes an embarrassing noise when Cas pulls away, ducking his head to mouth at Dean’s neck instead while his hands ruck up his shirt.
“I called him..” Krushnic pauses and gestures at Dean’s head. “What is the word, it’s white and comes out of your hair?”
He tries to figure out why he doesn’t like it, but it’s hard. The easiest answer is that sex is most definitely off the table now, and that’s frustrating his libido and his ego. It’d be easy to go find someone else to bang, hell, if his brain was so set on him trying out a dick just once he could even manage that, but the thought of trying to sleep with anyone else right now just tires him. And yeah it kind of hurts that Cas isn’t into him, but one of the ice girls told him that the other week, with a lot more swear words, and Dean’s not this cut up about her.
“Well that’s it, you know,” Balthazar shakes his head sadly. “After today we’ll have to give Sam his big boy pants.”
They don’t completely lose momentum once they’re tied. Krushnic keeps putting the puck on net, Ash has a couple of chances, and Dean makes a shot to low glove side he swears Cain had to have used some devil magic to stop from going in. He’s positive they’ll have the next goal though, until Sam fouls.
“Thank you,” Castiel barely has time to say before he takes off for the escalators. Dean has to be somewhere on the lower level – though he often eats with Charlie, more than once Castiel has seen him talking to one of the cooks.
Of course he can’t avoid Sam once they make it to the hotel. He and his brother have been rooming together for as long as they’ve been playing hockey, so Dean grabs the room keys from the front desk and hands one off to Sam. The team is planning on going to dinner, which means they need to wash up and change into suits before heading out.
Who the fuck is he kidding. For the first time ever, he’s curious about what something would feel like in his ass, especially something as talented as Cas’ tongue.
In the split second it takes for Dean to have his gun out, the expression of befuddlement on Cas’ face slowly melts away to amusement, and he wonders how he could have possibly missed the devil wearing his best friend’s face.
“Fuck, get offa me, you piece of shit!” he yells as loud as he can. He can hear Cas growling at the guy he’s straddling, who’s managed to get Cas’ jersey half over his head and is landing a punch to his gut. Dean twists enough to realize the man holding him is a ref, and that there’s two refs doing their best to separate Cas from killing the guy pinned to the ice beneath him.
He cannot fucking see himself enjoying a water ride with Castiel Krushnic. On the other hand, he’d have to be a heartless bastard to just leave him here all on his own.
“Yeah you do,” she argues. “You get these little lines here, between your eyes, and your mouth gets all pouty and somehow it makes your cheekbones, like, ten times more cut.” Jo leans forward to poke one of his cheekbones and he slaps her hand away.
Castiel glances sharply at him, and it grins wider, shows a hint of its real teeth. “Didn’t think your conversations here were private, did you?” it asks. “Don’t glare at me like that, I’m on your side. Humans,” it snorts, “the whinier they are, the more bitter they taste. I may not know what he was bitchin’ about back there, but I can see why you keep leavin’ him.”
He needs something to distract himself, anything, and, noticing that Sam left his fucking dish on the table again, he grabs it, walking it over to the sink with his unopened beer and picking up a sponge.
“Nancy need you home?” Dean frowns. Victor’s one of the only guys on the team who’s married, something Dean’s gotta respect. “She’s alright, right?”
“There was actually a rookie there from Ottawa who touched it--” Aaron starts. Dean listens intently, some story about how the poor kid didn’t know about the jinx and had everyone screaming at him, but his attention is briefly caught by a redhead a few seats down. She’s pretty, in a girl next door kind of way, and she seems interested in him. When he catches her eye, she gives an exaggerated wink and a thumbs up.
Santa peels off his white beard, only to reveal a shorter, gray one underneath. He pulls off his hat to reveal thinning brown hair, also beginning to turn gray. “I sweat more n’a priest in a whorehouse in this get up,” Santa grumbles. “You work here, huh? Bobby Singer.”
“Thank you, Sam,” Cas does his equivalent of beaming, which means his eyes crinkle and his mouth turns up at one corner. “I was just telling Dean that I can take it from here. I have to get going if I want to make it to Arizona by tomorrow afternoon.”
“Dunno why you were always bitching. Captaining a hockey team is the easiest job I’ve ever had in my life,” Victor jokes, following him inside. “So where were you, anyway? Roadhouse crew hadn’t seen you in a while.”
Dean rubs a hand over his face and nods, because right. Nothing to worry about. Cas wasn’t attracted to him.
“Yeah, I got that,” Dean gasps, pushing his hand back, palm to the air. The weight at the small of his back leaves immediately as Cas entwines their fingers together, continuing to work Dean open with his other hand.
“Did you put that up because you were thinking of me, Cas?” he asks, voice low and rough. Castiel’s breath hitches and he tries hard not to stare too long at Dean’s lips, but it’s impossible to look anywhere else. If it weren’t the lips it would be Dean’s eyes, and Castiel’s not sure staring into those would be a deterrent to kissing him either. “Because you knew I’d like it?”
It’s the same deal in San Jose, another game they win. Dean should be happy that their record’s fixed, that the first game disaster didn’t fuck up their season, and now they have more wins than losses. But his play is still lackluster at best. He hasn’t scored yet, a strange feeling for him, and his only assists came from that first game and his passes to Krushnic and Benny.
He’s worried about the cost though. He’s not stupid enough to think that’ll he make it out of this alive, but that’s fine, as long as Sam and Cas and Jack are okay. As long as the world is saved and people really can go about their lives, free will intact.
“What makes you think this is a date anyway?” Dean asks, opening his menu. Cas casts a skeptical glance at the set table between them, then raises his eyes to meet Dean’s.
“No, I did not do much in Russia other than play hockey,” he says flatly, a challenge in his eyes as he leans back in his chair. Your turn, Winchester, pony up.
Dean hadn’t even noticed, but they’re inside the pipes now, standing on the stairs that lead them up to the platform provided for boarding the coaster. Luckily Krushnic has moved to the left side, which means they won’t be getting into the front car. Because fuck that.
“That goal they scored on your penalty, that was my fault,” he says roughly. “And I couldn’t get a shot off at the end of the game.”
The kid gives him a calculating look that reminds him eerily of Cas before turning the puck so the flat side is facing Dean. Dean quickly reaches over with one hand and grabs a silver sharpie, scribbling his signature across the top. Patrick giggles as the movement of Dean’s signature moves his arm. It’s absolute crap, so he shifts the kid to his other knee, closer to Cas, and grabs for one of the photos they got hanging around on the table for people who don’t own anything for him to sign. “Here Cas, sign the puck,” he says as he carefully scribbles his name more neatly onto the photo.
Dean frowns and heads off to the kitchen, hears the jangle of Chekov’s collar as he jumps off the couch to follow him.
Sam’s words are the last thing he hears that night and the first thing he thinks of in the morning, even through the horrible pounding fogginess that is attempting to turn his brain to mush. It’s one of the only specifics he held onto from his awesome decision to binge drink – the rest is just soft skin, a blue drink that creates a feeling of nausea if he focuses on it too long, and the vague feeling that someone is upset with him.
“Yeah, but can you put it in the five hole?” Dean grins and flips the puck back onto the end of the stick before batting it over to center ice.
It misses completely. Cas turns to glare at Dean and he hands over another softball with a barely concealed grin on his face.
“Kinda. It’s not that simple,” he frowns deeply. “You gotta keep your mouth shut about this, kid, I ain’t kidding. It’ll be bad news if anyone figures it out.”
“Thank you for your help, Ms. Contrarez,” he can hear Sam saying, and why the hell does he sound apologetic? Whatever, they’re at the door, and Dean gets Cas outside, marching him down the front walk.
So, whatever. He’s getting more time with the guy than he ever really asked for, but it’s hard to avoid. It isn’t as bad as Dean might have thought it would be only a month ago, and the more time he spends with Cas off the ice, the better their playing gets. It’s a win-win for everybody, or at least a win-not-totally-a-lose.
Lisa skates around with him for awhile, and surprisingly enough talking to her puts Dean in a better mood then he has been in weeks. This stuff with Cas has been really grating on him, stuff he doesn’t really feel like he can talk to all the guys he hangs out with about (not that they haven’t tried) and the female presence is kind of nice. Not that he’s gonna talk about it with her either or anything, but he doesn’t feel like he needs to.
Sam launches a gumdrop in Dean’s direction and Dean ducks, letting it hit Cas instead, who is taking his gingerbread man way too seriously. “Hey, Cas, you know we’re just gonna eat these, right?”
“Right,” Dean parrots. Well…thank god for that then. So he and Cas can be buddies, and he can do stuff like fall asleep in his bed when he’s shirtless, and that’s…that’s fine. Because he’s not attracted to Cas. And Cas isn’t attracted to him. Awesome.
“Especially televised interviews,” Dean growls. “Don’t want the media catching sight of your hickies, do ya?” Which is the logical thing to think, except some primal part of Dean’s brain unlocked by his good friend alcohol is screaming that that’s exactly what it wants, Cas all marked up with Dean’s bite marks on national TV, practically stamped all over with the word ‘taken’.
“Yes, I know.” Dean glances at him and sees Krushnic is grinning broadly. He almost falls over, actually dropping to one of his knees. The smile completely transforms his face, crinkling his nose and making his eyes even impossibly brighter. “I like this name. I have never seen the movies, but Chekov is one of my favorites.”
Dean stares up at him, breathing heavily . He can feel Cas’ heart beating in time with his own, his knee brushing lightly against the crotch of his pants, and has to shut his eyes quickly in order to get some control over himself.
Still, hard not to find out some shit about Cas when he only lives two floors down and somehow keeps managing to get himself invited over. Cas tells him stuff, Dean forcing him to converse, because, “staring at each other for hours in my empty apartment is creepy, dude.” So he learns that the guy really likes springtime (something to do with green that Dean didn’t really understand), that he’s got some sort of unholy obsession with these dumpling things called Pelminis, and that he’s read a fuckton more books than Dean ever will.
Cas’ nose scrunches as he glances down at his hand, looking completely exasperated at the interruption. “It’s lube.”
Cas doesn’t even look taken aback. “We can arrange that,” he says easily, holding out his hand. “If you let me help you across the ice, I believe our equipment manager might have some skates.”
Batman: The Ride is the fucking most terrifying thing Dean has ever been on in his life. And he loves it. He doesn’t realize how high up they are because he’s explaining to Cas what’s in the utility belt (or what he knows is in the utility belt, anyway; motherfucker keeps adding new shit), and when he finally notices, it’s too late, and they’re falling, and his stomach is in his throat and he’s positive his feet are going to hit a tree and he’s too dizzy to tell which way is up.
“You’re thinking this is your fault,” Lucifer murmurs. “You’re right. If only you’d told Castiel how you feel, he wouldn’t have felt the need to pull this self-sacrificing bullshit.” The devil sighs dramatically. “But he learned from the best, didn’t he? Or the worst. Poor Castiel. He can’t seem to look at his memories of you quite like I can. Guess that makes me special.”
The Scorpions play dirty. Dean is pretty sure the crowd spends more time booing them than they do cheering for the Cavs. There’s a confusing goal in the first, one that gets lost in a huge pile of bodies that are doing their best to murder each other until the whistle is blown, and the ref points to the puck in the back of the net. Luckily the goal is in their favor.
There is no way whoever is in the bathroom with them doesn’t hear Dean’s ensuing yelp, and the concern might have been greater if Cas wasn’t working him over so well, his tongue swirling around Dean’s head while his hand keeps a solid grip at his base.
Castiel opens his mouth to counter, but Gabriel is already straightening up, gaze focused somewhere over Cas’ shoulder. “Speaking of you lightening up…”
“Hello Dean,” Cas replies, not looking up from his crazy remote clicking shit. “Sometimes we do. Other times we talk about the books we are reading, or the current state of political affairs.”
“GET A ROOM!” someone yells, and Krushnic looks around in surprise. Dean immediately takes a huge step back. He knows his cheeks are burning, even though they shouldn’t be, because it doesn’t matter what some asshole teenager yells at him in the middle of Six Flags, but still. He avoids looking at Krushnic again. “Fine. Let’s ride Batman.”
Cas’ eyes soften but his mouth remains hard, and he stays silent long enough that Dean’s starting to get uncomfortable about what he said and where he said it (not that anybody seems to have heard them). “Only if you let me buy your dinner tonight.”
Sam is frowning at his plate with a concentrated look on his face as he chews, and maybe it’s only a few seconds, but to Dean the silence stretches on for hours. “You gonna say something?”
Dean’s so hard he scrambles to do so without really thinking about it, the pressure of the memory foam mattress making him groan. He’s about to start thrusting when both of Cas’ hands clamp around his hips, one dry and one sticky.
Castiel had already been through most of Toyland when he first entered the room, but he doesn’t want to spoil it for Dean by telling him. So he lets Dean pull him around the room, pointing out different toys he’s particularly fond of. Castiel has to admit, there was a lot he’d missed the first time around.
They’re at the mall in New York, Cas leaning over the toddler in Dean’s lap with a concentrated look on his face as he signs the puck, tongue sticking out slightly between his teeth. And Dean staring over the top of the toddler’s head at Cas like…
“Ah, there goes our fearless leader,” Balthazar says loudly, pointing to the TV. On it, Dean is skating over to the ref with an annoyed look on his face, gesturing with his gloves.
Gabriel laughs at him and leans against the wall. Dean’s been parked on a chair down some random hallway for a while now, ever since the doctor kicked him out and he went wandering. He has no idea how long it’s been, or why Gabriel is here or how the hell he found him. “The entire team is here, Deano. You didn’t think you were Cassie’s only friend, did ya?”
“You and all the other ladies.” And Cas probably. He wanted to see the big shiny cup just as much as anyone else.
Castiel shakes his head. “I’m afraid I still don’t understand, Sam. If Dean is especially sad this time of year, having somebody else he can trust to lean on could only help, not hurt him.”
He doesn’t really think about it though. Doesn’t think about it because if he does, one day he’s going to slip up, and he’s going to beg Cas to stay.
“Can we make a Chekov?” Cas asks with interest. The dog barks from his place by the tree and Bobby shushes him before turning on the TV. Dean knows they’ve lost him to reruns of A Christmas Story until dinner, so her gestures for them to all follow him.
“That’s because it fucking was,” he snaps darkly, standing up. “Maybe if some people had fucking acted like a teammate we could have avoided this whole damn mess!”
So yeah, sometimes Dean doesn’t make good decisions, and the world likes to tell him so in the worst way possible.
“No fighting in my locker room!” Bobby hollers, from his office, before slamming the door again to a muttered, ‘idjits.’ Benny lets go and claps Dean on the shoulder.
“If I was a sincere guy, I’d tell you you are,” Dean replies, throwing the first ball. Bullseye.. “But there’s this thing called loyalty, you know. I’d rather have Victor.”
“No,” Dean agrees, feeling a pang over the reminder that booze was the reason for their make out session. Fucking booze. He could do this though. He was determined to keep Cas as a friend, and that meant fucking was no longer on the table. On that note, he abruptly lets go of Cas.
“I missed you,” Cas shrugs and says it with the same tone of voice he might use to say, ‘I like scoring.’ Matter of fact and to the point and
He pauses and stares down at the next card. Decked out in red and black, caught mid-fist pump with his knee raised as he celebrates a goal, is Cas. Castiel Krushnic, eleven goals and thirteen assists.
Meanwhile, Gabriel is having the time of his life, laughing his ass off. “How the fuck did you assholes miss such an obvious goal?” he snickers. “Who forgot to feed Kev his extra biscuit?”
He’s losing Sam again, his wall not holding up against all those thousands of years in the Cage with Michael and Lucifer. He could kill Cas for this too, if he wasn’t already at the point of trying not to think of him ever again, the trench coat relegated to the very back of the trunk instead of where Dean had been keeping it in his duffle. He’s barely able to hold thoughts in his head long enough to focus on finding someone who can help Sam, doesn’t even blink when he’s directed to some faith healer in Colorado the hunter he speaks to on the phone swears is the real deal.
It’s easy to ignore all of them, to not give them the time of day, to trade cutting remarks if they cross him and to try and prove them wrong on the ice; no he’s not useless, no he’s not worthless.
It’s definitely not as bad as the official autograph sessions the organization sets up. Dean always has and always will love the younger fans the most, and here he gets a constant stream of them. Hell, some of them aren’t even fans and are just kind of trooping along because it’s what everyone else is doing, but Dean still loves listening to them, loves signing whatever random shit they shyly shove at him. When a little girl with a bandanna tied around her head giggles at his question about her Barbie as he carefully traces a heart next to her signature, he feels a flush of warmth. They’re doing good here.
“You’re Cas,” Dean mumbles and attempts to push Chekov away so he can sit up. He finally manages to get the dog onto his lap and continues to rub a hand over his back as he blinks blearily at his surroundings. Jo and Charlie are grinning widely at him while Cas stands awkwardly off to the side.
When they walk through the front doors, Cas’ face is almost as white as the walls. Dean hates seeing him like this, knows what kind of memories must be associated with the place and wants to kill the assholes that made them. Some nurse tells them pediatrics is up on the fifth floor, and Dean has to place a hand briefly on the small of Cas’ back to get him moving again.
It’s not so much a party as it is an excuse for Gabriel to fill his apartment with bowls full of candy and eat them. Dean finds himself getting bored with the drinking and wanders from the kitchen where they’re all gathered to the couch. The TV is flipped on to Naked and Afraid, and he finds himself getting weirdly invested in it.
“No, I suppose we don’t,” Anna agrees. She passes him another plate and dips her hand into the soapy water. “I sense that he cares very deeply for you.”
“Sure, we’ll go get lunch, and on the way you can tell me about your new strapping young suitor,” Gabriel agrees, pulling Castiel towards the door. “We’re gonna have to play up your looks with pretty dresses, Cas. You don’t have much of a dowry to offer.”
Cas is silent for a long moment, and Dean is momentarily terrified this has opened the door to a conversation he’s not ready to have.
“Off,” he says sharply, nudging him away, and the retriever backs off, tail wagging widely and tongue lolling. Sam had saved the thing from Russia last year at the Olympics when he’d heard the government was executing all strays, and then, because he sucks, he gave him to Dean to keep because his apartment doesn’t allow pets.
Dean knows he’s staring pretty creepily at Cas now, but he can’t help it. Guy’s sitting on the floor in a trench coat with a little girl on his lap for Christ’s sake, and it should look ridiculous, and Dean should be laughing, except he’s not laughing because there’s something weird building in his chest and it’s starting to hurt, how much Cas means to him.
It’s not until he finally pulls over to the side of the road somewhere in Iowa at four in the morning and lays down in the front seat of the impala that he realizes he’s never going to fucking see Castiel again, and his shoulder pangs.
“If any group of jackasses found a way, it’d be all of you,” Bobby says wearily. “Suit up and on the ice in ten boys. Each minute I’m kept waiting is an extra lap. Dean, keep your goddamned team in line. I’m a professional, not a babysitter for a buncha prom queens.”
Of course, not having any time to himself wasn’t going to stop him from taking Cas on their first official public date. No one, not even Mr. Corbitt, should be surprised to see him sitting here at Wrigley field only a couple of weeks after they’d won the cup.
Dean leans around the tree to smile at him. “Fucking awesome light show, Cas. You gotta see it sometime.”
“Thanks,” Dean says quickly. “And thanks for coming to check on Cas, Vic. Classy of you, but I don’t wanna keep you any longer.”
before he’s racing to the other end of the ice and receiving the puck from Gabriel, who’d just made a save.
The room is dominated by a large square bar, with about five bartenders bustling behind it, a huge column in the middle straining under the weight of every type of booze imaginable. There are small tables scattered all over the place and large booths tucked into corners. A roped off, platformed area marks the VIP section, where Dean knows he’s supposed to go as someone “famous” but will avoid as long as possible. Towards the back is a large space for dancing, already teeming with people dancing to the current DJ, who is blasting a type of music Dean’s not familiar with and would be happy not to hear again.
“Contemplating life’s hardest questions,” Charlie says seriously, looking at him with large brown eyes. “Like, if the Millennium Falcon and the USS Enterprise were in a dogfight, who would win?”
“Cas?” Victor’s brow furrows in confusion before the expression clears. "Oh, you mean Krushnic. Damn, you musta really pissed the coach off to get stuck in a double punishment like that. Laundry and Krushnic? That’s cold.”
Sam’s response to that is to trick him into fucking family therapy, and Dean vows never to share his feelings again.
Okay that’s enough from Sam and his weird fucking theories. Dean turns around abruptly and moves back in line behind the couple separating them, throwing his arm around Sam’s shoulder. “Man, you gushing about me, Sammy?” he grins lazily at Krushnic. “He’ll do that in his sleep, too.”
Cas hesitates and Dean sees his eyes flick to the coffee pot. He grabs a mug and fills it before sliding it to Cas and going back to gathering ingredients. Dude’ll start talking if he wants to.
Dean ignores the joke. “This building’s a damn box full of interesting people and magic,” he informs him. “You won’t find anywhere in the world like Macy’s on State Street.”
Sam falls harder and doesn’t understand, having never really known Mary. He is ecstatic to have their mom back in any form, for the guilt of being the cause of her death to be replaced with new, happier memories, even if the moments are still difficult.
Bobby must feel it in the air too, whatever it is hanging over them. “Go get ‘em, boys,” is all he says, and then it’s game time.
Jo frowns in a way that is scarily like Ellen and grabs a napkin to wipe up the beer Dean has just gotten all over the counter. “Like, two seconds ago. Baseball cap dude. You were leaning all close and staring at his lips.”
Thing is, Cas is somehow his type. No idea how, since despite the typical dark coloring Cas is way too closed off and weird to be anything like the flirty, open girls he takes back to his place.
“Krushnic. But the Soviet dictator might have been a better option,” Dean muttered. “Guy’s a total asshole, Vic. Thinks he’s better than everybody else an’ makes no effort to become part of the team other than to show up at practice, and here’s Bobby threatening to take away my captaincy if I don’t start holding his hand and skipping to practice every day.”
“If I’d known you were gonna kiss me like that, I probably would have remembered it was Valentine’s Day yesterday.”
Week long road trips. They’re hell. Everybody knows it, and the one who knows it best of all is the asshole who makes up the schedule. Maybe that’s why they usually get a two day break after a long road trip, instead of just one. That, or he likes giving them a break only to send them on an even longer road trip a week later. Dean doesn’t know the guy. Still an asshole though.
“Chekov,” he calls, and he swears the dog shoots him a dismissive look before going right back to jumping all over Krushnic. Dean groans internally and heads over. Krushnic has managed to make the dog sit and is running nimble fingers through his fur, murmuring in what Dean can only guess is Russian.
Dean used to joke when he was very young and very stupid, when he’d just gotten Sam back from Stanford and had thought maybe life was worth paying attention to again, that someone up there must have it out for them.
Dean spares Jack a second thought when he sees him stabbed in the chest with an angel blade and nothing happens. The demon-of-the-week ferrets his hope out instantly and crushes it under her high heel just as fast. “Think the Nephilim can bring your angel back?” she asks, her meatsuit’s pretty face turned up in a mocking sneer. “He can’t.”
Their first week is on the road, traveling the California circuit from LA to Anaheim to San Jose. Sam thinks its because LA beat them in the Western Conference finals last year. Dean’s pretty sure it’s because everybody on LA is a massive dick and the NHL, like a high school girl, loves to create drama.
“Dean!” Bobby yells from his office, and Dean swears internally before sticking his head around the door.
They’re in a foreign city, and they’ve picked a bar kind of like the Roadhouse, one that doesn’t pay much attention to famous people, but that doesn’t mean they won’t get recognized soon.
Charlie was supposed to be training him, but her overall demeanor made Cas feel much more like he’d somehow been dragged into a chat with an old friend.
Dean groans and cups his balls, heavy in his hand and begins fondling them, imagining Cas looming over him with the predatory look he gets when he’s heading straight down the ice with the puck and is determined to score, no matter what. He’s so ready at this point he doesn’t care what Cas does to him, just needs him to do
Dean practically throws himself out of the cab, almost falling onto the curb in the process. “How much do I owe you?” he calls as he tugs his duffle bag out after him, hoping that hadn’t looked as dumb as he felt.
Dean hasn’t heard from Cas since then besides the occasional text update, so he assumes Cas has probably taken his advice. That or he thinks Dean is full of shit as well, which is fine as long as he’s not getting into trouble.
“Sure you don’t want to sit somewhere else?” Dean asks roughly. He’s still feeling uncomfortable with the whole shoulder thing earlier, and that, added to him not actually knowing if Krushnic knows he was shoved up on Dean’s neck for the entire plane ride, is making him testy.
Dean pushes a heavy looking door marked with a ‘maintenance’ sign open, dropping Castiel’s hand to usher him inside. “Alright, so, most of the year my job is kind of lame, you know? Going around the city fixing random shit that breaks down in office buildings and occasionally building some random shit the bigwigs decide they need for something but can’t figure out how to make happen.” He flips the light switch and rows and rows of unremarkable looking metal shelves are revealed. “Not that important, if we’re speaking honestly.”
Gordon must take his silence as some kind of victory, because he smiles nastily. “Don’t be the little girl daddy never wanted, Winchester.”
“Correct,” Cas replies shortly before heading confidently into the house. Dean and Sam follow after some hesitation, sitting on the couch Tracy indicates to them. There’s an armchair across from the couch that she takes a seat in. Cas, weirdly enough, is striding the perimeter of the room, twisting the shades closed until the light is dimmed.
Dean’s not sure what to do with that, so he plows forward. “The fucking tabloids are making a big deal outta me not being out with any chicks lately. I used to do it a lot.”
“Dude,” she makes a face. “Way to be Captain Rude. I told you that was an honest mistake. I believe you.”
Dean’s hand is still gripped in Cas’ hair but it’s more a lifeline than anything else, a way to keep hold of him while Cas methodically works his way down Dean’s dick and begins deepthroating, his pace picking up speed to match the rhythm of Dean’s shallow breathing. Dean thinks he’s gonna get there just like this, holding onto Cas for dear life with no plans of ever letting go, but then Cas’ other hand finally releases his hip and Dean feels a dry finger circle his asshole, and it’s over folks, that’s all she wrote.
“Jess,” Sam says, sending Cas a glance, “that’s really sweet, but seriously, don’t be disappointed if Cas says no.”
Besides his goalie’s typical pissing around though, everybody else seems a bit lackluster. Pucks are barely getting flipped into the net, easy shots are getting missed, and the skating is more of a glide than a hard rush towards the goal.
The third period is almost boring in comparison. The Scorpions have either resigned themselves to a game seven or they’re worn down from all the aggression. Dean doesn’t care either way. They’re going back to LA.
“Because we’re special snowflakes,” Dean says, wrestling his duffle bag from him and handing them both over to coat check. “C’mon, Sammy’s ‘round here somewhere.”
Cas’ face splits into a smile that almost rips Dean’s breath from his chest. “You promised to show me Clint Eastwood.”
“Well,” Castiel says into the silence, staring after him. “He seems nice.” There’s no response from Dean, except for his hand to clench more tightly around Castiel’s wrist, and Castiel turns in alarm to see Dean drilling a hole in the floor with his eyes, jaw set. “Dean?” he asks tentatively.
“Po-ta-to, po-tah-to, little bro,” Gabriel rolls his eyes. “At least it would have been a Christmas gift you actually appreciated.”
Dean’s so eager to get out of here he’s already standing up, even as Gabriel says, “Why we gotta go anywhere early?”
He’s not sure which one of them is really dragging the other as they climb off the ice, and he hears someone say something about Cas being ejected from the game, Bobby talking over them to repeat, “Damn it, you dumb fuck idjits, get to the trainer. So help me boy, if you don’t get checked for a concussion I’ll give you one myself, you morons…”
“Hey,” Dean says, and he’s slightly mortified at how rough his voice comes out. He clears his throat and tries again. “Hey. Can we talk?”
Gabriel bursts into loud peals of laughter, clapping Cas on the back. “Sure thing, Casablanca,” he smirks, winking. “And next time you two decide to trade handjobs in a Starbucks, try to be louder for the people in the back.” He salutes them with his lollipop before ambling off towards the door.
He sighs. He supposes that even if Charlie hadn’t actually said something to Dean about their conversation yesterday, as he suspected she did, it would have gotten out some other way. There was nowhere for gossip in this store to go but to another floor, and Castiel can only blame himself for complaining so openly about someone else that worked here. It’s not as if any of his coworkers owed him any secrecy – he was the new one, the interloper.
Castiel thinks this is an interesting reflection of Dean’s character. “Is that a philosophy you follow?”
Chekov barks at him and he snaps out of it. Tossing the phone on the bed, he finishes getting dressed. Five cups of coffee and two bowls of cereal later, he feels almost awake, but it’ll have to do, since if he sticks around any longer, he’s not gonna make it in time. He’s not really too eager to test Bobby right now.
“Sam,” Krushnic says, and now Dean really does groan out loud. “Why is your brother wearing a tie around his eyes?”
“S’fine.” Dean rubs his arm and turns away from him again. He figures that’s probably ended the conversation, and he’s right. Castiel doesn’t speak up again, so Dean is left to continue his silent freak out as they get closer and closer to boarding one of the middle cars on the coaster.
Dean had thrown his water bottle at him. The sound it made when it thwacked Sam’s forehead and his ensuing shriek wasn’t nearly as satisfying as he’d hoped it would be.
“So,” Bobby had grunted at him on their way out from practice a few weeks ago. “You invitin’ Cas to Thanksgiving or what? Kid’s got no family boy, he ain’t gonna wait forever.”
“That’s not making sense to me,” Gabriel says, squinting. “If that’s true, why is your asshole so tight?”
Castiel pushes his way through the cold, frigid air that defines a Chicago winter, dodging others who, like him, are on their way to work. State Street is busy most of the time, but in the winter it’s unbearable, a mess of woolen coats and slush and people who’d rather be anywhere but outside. Everyone’s head is down to avoid the biting wind coming off of Lake Michigan, making it much harder to navigate the sidewalk. Yet somehow, the city always manages.
When Castiel was eight Naomi told him Santa Claus didn’t exist, mostly, he suspects, in order to stop him from asking questions. It worked for a while, although as he grew older his family members grew more and more disdainful of him. Of why he couldn’t just shut up and spend the holiday in silent reflection and thanks, like he was meant to do.
“Yeah, because I let my head get slammed into a wall and apparently that made you go Rocky all over the guy!”
“Bobby can shove his rules up his ass,” Dean grumbles, nuzzling his face into Cas’ shoulder. “You want some burbon?”
“I bet you do,” Balthazar says suggestively. Dean flushes but surprisingly isn’t as bothered ad he figured he’d be. Yeah he has sex with Cas. They all know it. Not a problem.
“I got it,” Dean says loudly, shoving his hand roughly into his pocket and pulling his phone out. Sam gives him a look, but he ignores it as he stands up and jabs at the screen. “What is it?”
He nods vaguely, not registering what she’d said. Man, she’s incredible, small and petite with legs that won’t quit. Normally he’d have her upstairs and in his bed right now, but there’s a niggling feeling in the back of his brain that won’t go away, making him fidget.
“I was pissed off, okay?” he says angrily, tossing the puck to the recycled rubber carpeted ground. “That fucking Krushnic is a real dickhole, Bobby.”
“You knew this was gonna happen,” Sam had told him in that know-it-all voice the second Dean brought it up. “We talked about this – you didn’t actually have to announce your sexuality to the world, you know.”
“Sometimes,” Dean grins as Cas swats the stick away and thumps it against the roof of the cab. “Tonight we’re drinking.” To forget Gordon, maybe to wake up next to some girl in the morning, magically cured of his desire to see Cas naked. A guy can dream, right?
“I believe Sam and Chuck know this book well enough not to need it to discuss it anyway,” Cas comments, flipping a page. “That’s what it sounded like in the closet.”
“If I come sit with you, I will never get up, and eventually we’ll be having sex on that couch,” Cas says, squinting at his newspaper.
Obviously she was seeing what she wanted to see though, because no way did he and Cas look anything like a couple, nor did Dean look like he’d be into guys. It was harmless.
“Yeah, okay,” she waves a hand. “But you know, ‘tis the season, buddy. I’d get used to that slip up. Gabriel said you have experience?”
Eli raises an eyebrow at his still half full glass, and Dean quickly gulps it down, the burn barely even registering. “C’mon, man. Gotta ring in the New Year right.”
Knowing his luck, that’s exactly what happened, and Cas is probably rethinking their friendship right this minute. Maybe he’ll pull back again, spend less time with Dean and implement a no touching rule. Maybe he won’t even want to be roommate’s anymore.
What’s worse is nobody seems to care as much as Dean. Krushnic continues to arrogantly show them all up and to directly point out every single flaw he sees, but it’s like they’ve all become used to it. That or they all lost their hearing. Dean wishes he had the same luxury. Bobby’s constant glaring and the reminder of his threat is the only thing that keeps Dean from speaking up, so he’s taken the opposite route and has avoided talking to Krushnic at all.
“Dean sees me as a responsibility,” Castiel tells it in a clipped tone. “The responsibility ends when the burden of my involvement in his life does.”
It’s not even only the show, just life in general. Dean’s seeing shit that’s never been around before. The other day while he was walking to the grocery store two girls holding hands in Winchester jerseys (one with a twenty-four on the back, one with a two) came running up to ask for his autograph. When he mentioned it was always great to meet siblings, they’d giggled openly and declared they were dating before rushing off again.
Never let it be said that Dean has ever passed up the opportunity to teach Cas the finer things America has to offer. Apple pie, check, sex, check, and now baseball.
Of course, it hadn’t had the pleasure of meeting the Winchester brothers, or Castiel, while it pretended to be a workman tending to just one of the many assembly lines producing the modified foodstuffs the Leviathan needed to make humans tasty and compliant. Not important enough. Just one of many. But now…
There’s the bright flash and whir of a camera and Dean’s arm immediately drops from Cas’ shoulder as he stares out into the crowd of reporters. Fuck. What the hell was that, Winchester?
Krushnic climbs into the roller coaster and pulls the harness down. Dean follows without really thinking about it. “If he’s a billionaire, why does he have to be a superhero?”
“I want to come in with you,” Cas answers immediately, and Dean didn’t really expect anything less. He’s not happy about letting Cas torture himself, but he’s sure as shit not going to tell the guy what he can and can’t do.
Ed Zeddmore’s not a teammate Dean talks to a whole lot, mostly because Ed and Harry come together as a package deal and it can be hard to get a word in. They’re the third line defensemen and have even been called the dream team by some announcers – it’s not unusual for line mates to create strong bonds with one another, but Dean supposes it does become a problem when he can’t remember talking to Ed without Harry around.
“Krushnic, right?” Dean repeats again, a tad aggressively. He can see Sam skating closer out of the corner of his eye, hovering, and Dean sends him a mental scowl.
Dean hears Krushnic make a small noise in his throat and glances at him. He looks almost happy. “I could have guessed all of those,” he says proudly, his voice quieter now that he’s standing shoulder to shoulder with Dean.
Castiel had barely registered the taste of the cookie, but he nods dutifully. “Good,” he says hoarsely.
“Dinner?” Dean says, watching the waiter who’s just appeared circle the table. He’s got bread baskets, and Dean could really use something to shove in his mouth right about now. Any excuse to be left alone. “Yeah, kinda. Happens every night here in America.”
“Men who are friends kiss all the time in Russia,” Cas shrugs casually, but his eyes are serious and watching him carefully. “Is no big deal.”
The third time he wakes up, his head doesn’t hurt as much anymore, and when he turns his head to his nightstand and sees the pill bottle and glass of water sitting there, he squints suspiciously. There’s a vague memory at the back of his brain, Frank saying something about the concussion hitting him hard once the adrenaline wore off, and he has a pretty good idea of why he feels like such shit.
Dean grins a little against his will. “They are kinda dumb, aren’t they? When I was real young my dad would take me to his beer league games. It’s the most bored I’ve ever been in my life.”
Castiel is sprawled out on his couch. His hair is mussed, his one arm thrown over his head and the other resting atop Chekov, whose head lifts when he sees Dean, but surprisingly enough he doesn’t move. Dean treads a little closer, just enough to see that Castiel’s mouth is open slightly while he sleeps.
He can’t believe he’s actually fucking doing this. But who’s gonna believe the kid if he spills? As long as Jacob believes him and takes what he says to heart, s’all that really matters. “Sure you do,” Dean says. “I do. I like my buddy Cas, over there.”
“Behave, boy,” Bobby snaps from his corner, stepping forward. “You think I didn’t need to know that two o’my best players were doing the horizontal tango together after hours?”
Eight people eat a lot of fucking potatoes to begin with, but Dean always doubles the amount anyway at Thanksgiving because of the starch he and Sam can put away. He’s only peeled two when he hears someone at the door, and a few minutes later Charlie is leaning against the counter next to him.
“Yeah you did,” Sam nods. “Maybe it wasn’t like, sexual or anything, but you pulled out all the stops when he first joined the team a few years back. The whole posturing, I’m the captain, let me show you the ropes fascination thing. I thought you were actually gonna open up a little, but then you guys settled into this really intense friendship and it kind of got sidelined.”
He regrets it the second Cas actually does fall back, and for a second he can’t believe he actually listened. Then Dean decides he doesn’t care. Let Cas tell Sam about his date. He doesn’t want to hear it.
“What?” Dean chokes out in relief. “What? Cas, Jesus…” his arm acts without permission, pulling Cas into him, crushing him in a hug. “I thought you were mad at me!”
“See?” she says, punching her husband’s shoulder. “He gets crap. I know it’s weird that we’re such huge fans in New York, but seriously, we love you. I’ve never watched another hockey team.”
“You’re probably gonna steal it anyway,” Dean says, watching Cas scrub at his hand. The glitter is fucking everywhere. He’s catching glints of it in Cas’ stubble, on his stomach, and he doesn’t even want to know what his ass looks like.
“Targeting,” Dean accuses, only hesitating for a moment over the lie before taking a large gulp of his beer. Cas, though, has got his puzzled face on.
Anything Cas wants these days is worth it. After what the guy had been through, with Chuck, heaven and hell, and now becoming human, stuck with them forever? Dean will do anything he wants.
“I believe that was the point,” Cas tells him, poking at Dean’s stomach. He can only assume there’s glitter there too.
Dean sees Jo approaching over the guy’s shoulder, and as soon as her eye catches his she simply grabs a beer and sets it in front of him before moving away again. “Not that insane,” Dean says, grabbing his beer. He’s used to this, used to people talking to him like they know him, but in a superficial way, not in the way that creates good conversation. He hopes this kid loses interest soon, or says what he wants and then leaves Dean alone.
family, except…is he? Sure, in the hockey sense, everybody on the team is an extension of Dean’s family. But Cas feels like more than that, and Dean is afraid of saying it out loud, of trying to put it into words.
He’s drying off, scrubbing a towel through his hair, when he suddenly wonders who Krushnic is rooming with. Victor was usually with Benny, but he knows Benny had been talking about having to listen to Andy snoring all night.
He knows he can’t be saved. Charlie shouldn’t have been left alone with Rowena and Cas. She shouldn’t have been doing this at all.
“Gross,” Sam says, finally coming to sit down next to him and grabbing his salad. Dean’s not sure if he means the food in his mouth or the statement, but honestly with Sam it could be both. Chekov jumps back up on the couch, coming to settle next to Dean instead of Sam, and he stifles the urge to gloat about something that doesn’t matter. “You were drunk last night, weren’t you.” Sam phrases it like a question, but all Dean hears is accusation.
Cas tries, one last time, to talk to him. Dean knows it will be the last time, because he knows what he’s going to say. Cas corners him in the library, explains what went wrong, something always goes wrong…
in the back of his head, and that’s not something he’s really equipped to deal with. So all of this is really plenty of excuse for what happens next. “Fuck you,” he says, with feeling.
Sam must see something in his face, because his own instantly screws into bitchmode and Dean knows he’s about to be delivered the lecture of the century on accepting new people and not being petty just because you’ve lost your best friend and things haven’t gone your way and always be kind and feed stray dogs and blah blah blah blah blah.
What the hell is Sam talking about? He’s never told anybody that, because it’s not a big deal. He’s talked to Gordon’s sister maybe three times since she’s left the hospital, really pointless conversations where she tells him she’s doing alright and then there’s a bit of awkward silence before Dean tells her he has to go. He should’ve known not to trust Sam with his phone, even if it is locked. Kid always had a knack for electronics.
Dean heads down the flight of stairs to Cas’ apartment and knocks on the door before he can think too much about it. Luckily for him Cas opens it almost immediately, and Dean can tell from his vacant expression and the T-shirt with a collar so loose it’s falling off his shoulder that he’s been sleeping all day.
“Fuck,” Dean chokes out, unconsciously reaching his hand to trace a finger along Cas’ slick, kiss-swollen lips.
As Dean says this Castiel is watching him continually jab at the ‘close door’ button, and luckily before there are too many protests from the mothers with strollers and those with too many bags to take the stairs, the doors close.
But how could they, when his delicious grief filled the air? When he seemed hellbent on being attacked, his hoarse voice screaming out, “Cas? CAAAAAS,” into the still Purgatory air?
They make it to the front double doors without being attacked, which means Sam gets to remain ignorant of the real world and worse, that Dean has to continue to listen to this conversation. Baby’s out of sight now too, so he doesn’t even have anything nice looking to distract him.
Dean finally released his brother and signalled for his brother to go check out the rest of the bunker. He couldn't leave Cas yet, he wasn't ready. The grief was slowly starting to seep back in. But when he looked at his brother, who hadn't moved yet, he noticed that Sam wasn't even looking at him. Instead, his gaze was focused inside Dean's room. His eyes were wide and his mouth hanging open.
