He receives and then, a few moments later.
“You’re,” Dean says, mouth dry, “You’re obvious to me with just about everything else.”
the place, and it’s fucking terrible.
You have reached the voicemail of Sam Winchester. Please leave your message after the tone.
, I just wanna know what’s going on in my favourite brother’s life.”
It’s empty, obviously, because it’s cold and late, but hearing the waves crashing is still kinda nice, and it’s always had that comforting familiarity.
he’d screwed up.
“He’s
“You’re the big brother?” Sam asks, leaning forwards to look at both of them. The kid’s fucking enjoying himself which is
A new kind of panic hits him after he’s checked into his generic, airport-adjacent hotel room. It’s all cream and purple and impersonal enough to exacerbate his sudden identity crisis, that kicks in slowly and then all at once.
why you're calling me.”
before he couldn’t do it anymore. He
“Alcoholic?”
Charlie sends Sam.
“The impala looks good.”
“Not putting our
“Slid into your DMs to ask you to interview, Cas. They literally stalked you on social media and scoped you out.”
“No,” Castiel says, “It's fine.”
to get excited about this, Cas, and I was. It’s fucking awesome that you already spoke to Gabriel and Hester, I just, I don’t know. This doesn’t feel like it’s real.”
this time.”
and it felt like something in my life was happening as I wanted it to. I wanted you to fill up all the holes in my life , so I ignored that there a was
“Okay then,” Dean says, and kisses him with all the simmering heat that’s been distracting him
; at building some bright, easy future, at communicating, about being in love and not overthinking it. Freaking
“Yes,” Cas smiles, as Dean’s ball ricochets off the edge of the edge of the cup and flies back towards him, nearly hitting him the damn face.
“Dean,” Marv says, “If I could speak with you in the office -”
“About Dean?”
“The porch is feeling like a helluva better option than
How out of it has he been?
in bed as instructed, but he didn’t really sleep. He just kept thinking about Jason Bryers and Dean and Alastair and their attempts to gain ground on
“Really?” Cas asks, arching an eyebrow in the direction of the covers he pulled over them.
“Course I want
“No,” Dean says, the words getting clogged up in his throat, “That I, uh.”
And - and he
In return, Emmanuel told him about the isolation of having six brothers and a strictly religious household; of being mercilessly bullied through every single year of high school for not understanding a damn thing about popular culture. About being awkward and alone and lonely, and he was the first fucking person that ever made any sense to him. He was honest and vulnerable and said it exactly how it was. Forthright and intelligent and snarky and
“Et tu, Brutus? He chucked me out my damn apartment.”
“Done running,” Dean says.
“You believe you don’t deserve what you
“Look, little bro --”
Dean flips them over on the goddamn sofa and pins Castiel down with his knees so he can raise an eyebrow at him.
again because -”
bleeding out of his skin. He doesn't
, talked. Dean was probably gonna call him tonight after Sam fell asleep, but now there’s
And maybe, just possibly, drunk.
to me,” Cas says, switch flipping, rage bundling up in his shoulders and it’s some kind of fucked up
,” Dean almost-snaps, rubbing his forehead.
“Dude, you don’t have to be sorry for me being broken. It’s cool.”
“I know you do,” Sam says, and then he’s crying again. He hadn’t seen Sam cry for
, in Kansas. In less that two weeks time. “
“That’s why you came here,” Dean says, mouth exceptionally dry, “To apologise for how things turned out.”
“Ah,” Cas says, crease in his forehead deepening, “Dean ---”
Cas has a point. He is in a pretty good mood considering he’s at a freaking shopping mall in goddamn
, but it’s certainly not up to the standard of the first risotto that Dean cooked him, years ago, two address changes ago, when Castiel was hopelessly trying to work Dean Winchester out.
“The cape is freaking awesome, kiddo,” Dean says, as Cas tightens his grip on his knee because
Dean puts his faith in very little.
and how Dean’s last attempt at anything more than sex gutted him – and then he drops the dumb box of condoms and bolts instead.
is depended on funding, which has been recently called into question, and my brother’s are insisting that I should be chasing a career and I’m running out of reasons why I don’t want to work for Michael. It’s been complicated and stressful. I’ve just been tired of talking about it,”
“Sammy,”
a meal by now and his body hasn’t got the memo that all he’s done today is sleep. Anyway, cooking for Cas in his restaurant-kitchen is a little less intimate than his kitchen-kitchen and he’s fully intending to enjoy it.
“Hmm — no,” Cas says, “I smell like plane and I’ve spent hours listening to Gabriel talk about himself. I’d rather just stay here.”
, except phone calls and texts-?”
you handling more of the household responsibilities crap while my head’s been out of the game, but there’s no way in hell you’re become a martyr.”
“Awh, Jesus. Don’t tell me you’re thinking about
“May I …?” Cas half asks, eyes wide and blue, and Dean suddenly has a vivid memory of Cas teasing the crick out of his neck at the Beach House with his thumb, right before Sam interrupted them.
“You don’t care, really?”
Dean’s halfway through his calm-the-fuck-down-breathing-exercise when Cas gets home with this expression that makes it abundently clear that he’s read Dean’s dumbass PTSD coming-out message and isn’t very happy.  It’s likely that Cas isn’t unhappy with
“Sorry,” Dean exhales, running a hand over his face, “I’m, fuck, I’m glad you came over, but I’m probably gonna be pretty shitty company so, maybe we should talk about this tomorrow.”
Dean sometimes, occasionally, sleeps with dudes, but he sure as fuck doesn’t
,” Charlie says.
“One of your brothers?”
“I'm not drinking that,” Dean grouses, nodding at the blue stuff.
“All right,” Castiel says, and leaves.
. This proper, gorgeous smile that crinkles at the corner of his eyes, because that’s started happening lately, and that makes it much easier to keep talking. “Used the words
“Cousin,” Balthazar says, “Charmed, Dean. So, you were saying. About your pay.”
be honest with you and we
“I took a damn lunch break, at 3pm. I think tomorrow I'm gonna need to cook, at home. Sure I'll be in at some point, but if you could assume I'm not here -”
They've cleared a little of the tension between them by the time they're back from breakfast and have done a run of the hardware store to pick up the shade of not-quite- white Cas wanted, even though it’s four dollars a tin more expensive than one Dean's pretty sure is exactly the same for no discernible reason. He's got the impression that there's a lot more that Sam wanted to say, though, and that his little brother is going to continue to assess them both over the rest of the weekend, but Dean’s not giving another inch. There’s no reason why he
The logical thing to do is run the fuck away (and
“Dean, I am --”
Dean knows this is a big deal, though. The kind of thing they might have discussed even if none of the Alastair stuff went down, if they just had a regular old brother relationship.
is an idea.”
“You quit when you were eighteen,” Gabriel says through narrowed eyes, handing her one anyway.
He spent two full days annotating the last menu while Cas used his lap as a foot rest before he even started cooking, because there wasn’t a chance in hell he was going to let it get convoluted and messed up again. He sat with Charlie and hashed out the numbers and the margins, tweaking the price of side salads and sodas, and he made six different kinds of ketchup before he settled on the one he liked. The names of every single dish is sentimental and fucking important, from the third date garlic bread that’s so popular he can’t take it off the menu, to the most recent culinary ode to Castiel. This shit is important, and his dad just… he doesn’t get it. He doesn’t see it.
“Hey,” Dean say, settling against the counter where Cas is doing the dishes, “Sooner we get a dishwasher the better.”
that Gabriel delivered, somber and serious, that Dean had said that ‘he was out’ after Castiel ruined their relationship again because the second he got back to the Miltons he realised the whole concept of them being friends was laughable (he called Meg, confused and upset in Gabriel’s bedroom because it felt like everything he had built was slipping away; that he was getting caught up in the avalanche of
“Dean. I just don’t want this to get messed up because of this stuff. It’s okay if you can’t talk to Cas. I get that and it’s ... totally understandable. I just really think he should know what’s happening.”
“No,” Sam says, “
He can smell Cas burning breakfast in the background and it’s practically fucking idyllic.
It begins with the wrong alarm jolting him awake after a night of terrible sleep, meaning that he has ten minutes before he needs to leave the house in order to avoid being late for his first class. He
so freaking illogical, after, that when you got the news that Anna was okay I figured you didn’t wanna be bothered by this dumb freak out and I thought —- I thought things were gonna get better again, but they didn’t, and Pam quit when I had to cut her hours and I know I
“No,” Dean says, nervous, “Just, dinner. An apology. I — I never meant for it to go down like that. Dinner is scratching the freaking surface , but —“
“Yeah,” Dean says, “I know you're just done with the bar and you've gotta be sick to death of work, but - will you look at some numbers for me?”
“Yes,
,” Gabriel says brightly, “Set my spidey sense tingling.”
“Dean, I didn’t mean to worry you,” Castiel says. He’d like to  cross the kitchen and coax the rest of the tension out of Dean’s shoulders with his thumbs, but he’s not entirely sure that it would be welcome and… this is not standard-Dean behavior. He has always found Castiel’s habit of not looking at his phone annoying, but not genuinely worrisome. “She cornered me with tea and sympathy.”
It feels a little like an outer body experience, because those words just came out of his mouth, and it was fine.
Fuck, he hates this.
“Let’s see our damn budget, then,” Dean says, leaning over him to take the notes out his hand, which is probably a better reaction than Castiel was expecting. It’s another distraction technique, really, but it’s at least a productive one. “Huh, you really went to freaking town, is this —— a goddamn meal plan? Is this like the twenty twenty one equivalent of the fifteen pairs of panties and the food processor —-”
“On your - on your goddamn blog, you said my burger was having a freaking midlife crisis, and my cheesecake was adequate and I wanted… I can
be dead by now. You’re… you’re okay.”
“Nah,” Dean settles on, even though most of his everything says yes. “Could get you off, though.” He adds, because that’s sort of been happening. Not
“I mean, indefinitely.”
“Okay, but in
“Are you?”
“Play your hand old man. It's school night for little Sammy here -”
He didn’t even think about the implications about what that meant about
, today, to mack on his boyfriend in the kitchen with a cup of coffee wedged between them. “Cas,” he says, after a little while, “Why are you knitting?”
“I very much
Castiel has never really understood how to thread together all of the pieces of who he is into something that he could express outwardly. Mostly, people told him
and he doesn’t know why, he just knows that he’s tired and he’s scared and
“See, this is why I didn't want to have this goddamn conversation. This is why I didn't want us to talk about this when we haven't dealt with any of our shit, because now you want stuff for me.”
this and took it to California before you knew I would be here?” Castiel asks, grip too tight on his gift.
“I know,” Sam says, falling into silence for long enough that Dean figures they’ve moved on, until apparently they
“So?”
It’s… it’s okay.
He doesn’t want to talk about this right now.
“ - you have
“That all you told him?” Dean asks, hard. He’s properly shaking now and Cas —- Cas must have
And so, he bought the car, and rented a poky little garage.
, as least.”
he spent the time they spent queueing in the vatican looking at a blank text message, but it does not mean he needs Charlie’s input.
“Okay,” Dean breathes, nodding and trying not to make it obvious that Dean’s whole being is humming with some paralysing nervous-excitement-stress concoction that’s giving him mental whiplash.
“No,” Cas says, jerking his leg out of the way and scraping back his chair to stand up. “I don't want to
to be a writer.
“Suffering in silence isn’t really my style, little brother,” Gabriel says. “So. The Bunker is struggling, huh?”
,” Sam says, “Dean, if I need money, I'll come to you and I'll ask. I promise. But you don't need to keep sending money every month. I don't want you to.”
. I don’t know
“Dean,”
. About people. You are
“I know that,”
“And I’m going to accept the promotion.”
Cas calls him right after Dean’s been bullied by Jo into giving him too many intimate details about his not-relationship, swept up in the atmosphere even when completely, painfully, achingly sober.
“Mmhmm,” He says, as everyone at the damn table looks at him. Even without the goddamn face touching (the fucking
Cas’s responsibility, but --- it complicates things.”
fresh, dude.”
“Roger that.” Claire says, pocketing the impala keys and smiling at him. “Where do you wanna start?”
“Because dad spent your college money too, not that half of
, I am all ready to do that. Not just Cas, either. You never told me about any of that stuff and I want to hear about it. ” Sam says, “And you still live in my spare room, it’s like a permanent slumber party.”
“You’d think,” Dean says, “The guy lived under a fucking rock.”
And he had two forkfuls of it and he said, he said,
“I have a lead on that,” Dean says, “But, I’m a little stuck until I have a job.”
that you were hiding something, I just didn’t know
You have reached the voicemail of Castiel. Please leave your message after the tone.
man, whatever it is.”
You have one new message.
“So it'd be
Bobby’s salvage yard looks the same as ever and that alone is enough for a little clarity to slip back into place. He’s been back here a couple of times since the funeral, but they’ve all blurred into one mass visit. A lot of this year just
. “Cas.”
, Dean.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, “Yeah. He’s as gruff and hard assed as ever. I didn’t think I was ever gonna hear his voice again, so I’m a little freaked right now.”
the other side of this much goddamn beer.
before they even started. It was maddening when Dean refused to talk about it, but Castiel’s instinct was to try and shut the conversation down before his anger starter spilling out over the sides until it was all he could think about.
“Didn’t know I
“I am exceptionally tired, Dean.”
“You claim that you’re not blameless for what happened with Alastair.”
for the initial trial and tipped them off about the rest of it, so he must have followed the case. He must
You have reached the voicemail of Sam Winchester. Please leave a message after the tone.
“I, Cas,” Dean says, voice a little strangled, “I’m not. I’m not interested in you for sex.” The words settle round the car, stagnant and awkward, before Dean seems to hear what he just said.  “That came out wrong. Obviously, I wanna jump your bones. A lot. Like,
“The flight or my brothers?”
“That's what you get for putting out.”
“Fourth impressions are important,”
“If you mean
“Okay, colour me lost,” Dean says, “Talk to me.”
“ --- you bring
He knows. He
“I mean -  kitchen,”
“Oh?” Dean asks, squaring his jaw and turning to look at him.
“I’m okay,” Dean says impatiently. He’s been irritable for the last few days (although Castiel hasn’t been much better, given he started an argument about listening to Led Zeppelin and said something unnecessarily sharp about the
“Sam,” Castiel interjects, ready to cut across him.
“I know,” Castiel frowns, putting the milk in the fridge.
have come up that you only came out to me on that phone call he overhead and he
“Well,” Charlie says, reaching out to nudge his arm, “It makes
high school and got a job so you could buy me new freaking sneakers - “
Dean the opportunity to tell him about it, before. He was just opening up the goddamn conversation for Dean to come out and say it.
“Where were your pictures from?”
“Yep,” Dean says, flat, “I don’t wanna talk about it.”
, Dean chastises, “Okay, Garth - two steak burgers, no bread, don’t even ask. Well done. Four minutes?”
“Gabriel, shut up,” Cas says, sighing very deeply, sending Dean a baleful look before glaring at his brother. “If you stay, I would like a pay rise and then I would like your absence.”
Sam rolls his eyes and signs his name on the napkin.
and I would
to meet him at a restaurant at seven.
“No,” Castiel says, “He lives in Palo Alto. Sam is attending Stanford. And, before you ask, the woman was pregnant which, Gabriel, for all your observations — how did you not notice that she was impregnated?”
and --- Castiel felt
Castiel types out, inadvertently smudging the red nail paint across his cuticles.
, just trying to be a man about it.”
, matured whiskey and grit and so fucking hot, and right there, looking at him. “It looks good on you.”
Sam’s not wrong. Cas has pretty much lived here for months. He’s had a key since March (and Dean did it properly, this time, with dinner and actual acknowledgement that it was a big deal) and he’s pretty fast and loose about using it. Guy’s here about as much as Dean is, and not always when the two overlap.
“We’ll see,” Bobby grouses.
Dean’s not really sure whether that means Cas has got the message, but he doesn’t ask on the way back upstairs and to his room in case Sam is listening. He doesn’t really give a shit what Sam knows, generally, but something about this still feels private and tentative, and he sort of wants to know what’s happening before Sam does.
, because he does not pay well with others.”
“No,” Cas says, “I’m going to finish my book.”
“Did you make progress with your pop-quiz?”
“It’s not —— Dean, I haven’t… I haven’t forgiven him, I’m not even saying I want a relationship with him, I just… I have questions, Dean. About my life, about my childhood, about Mom. I … you were both gone,” Sam says, small. “And I kept remembering things and I had no one to check if they were real. To explain, and I —— I missed so much of what was going on with you, Dean, and I don’t…. I don’t want to never have a chance to understand.”
Castiel tilts his head and resists the urge to smile.
“I mean, not
read, like, an entire syllabus of books in the past two weeks, right? You’re smart, Dean.”
“Great,” Dean says, slipping the call on speaker so he can bring up Cas’ details. He’s pretty damn sure he knows enough about Cas to get him to bail on his review-and-food date with Gabriel, even if it cements the fact that he’s definitely going to hell.  “So I’m gonna leave after lunch service finishes, and I’m gonna cook. He wrote a freaking sonnet about some dumbass pasta, so he’s not gonna turn down proper food, right?”
In all these years, they’ve never quite managed the same sleep schedule, but the pandemic has somehow made it worse. Castiel has been restless and bored enough not to be able to sleep until
with this restaurant playing some upbeat pop song and the family gripping at each other and Sam
He’s really glad Cas called, though. He’s been checking his phone all damn night. He’s glad they’re okay.
“Yep, but this is more reminisce of the underage drinking experience which, FYI is when this should have happened if I'd known you back then. No way would we have gotten you past twenty five without coming out to at least
Dean can feel Cas’ eyes on him from across the room and, hell, he’s got a fucking point.
“I,” Dean begins, thinking of his damn father sat on the sofa in his apartment, “Don’t have a fucking clue.”
“Do you want more coffee?”
, you just didn’t say anything.”
and casually resting his hand on Dean’s thigh to get his attention. That’s so
“No,” Cas says, an edge to his voice. “Dean, I thought -”
and he is
be mine. She’s cool. We --- got to this place we were gonna co-parent. As friends, I mean. We were working it out. She was pretty clear when she left that she wasn’t gonna make it difficult for me see Ben, it’s just she needed me to --- sort my fucking life out.”
--- Cas is desperate to fucking help and Dean can’t really remember who keeping him out of it is supposed to help.
“What?”
date you in high school, remember?”
. He wants this. He wants it to be
is about five goddamn minutes. Not naive enough to think this is all gonna be one big hallmark card, just cause things are looking up —- we just have to fight
, but that’s also not
Dean pretends to think he’s asleep to avoid having a conversation because he’s not ready to talk yet.
bad, but he feels like he’s too far along the process to give it all up as a bad job.
“Dean,” Sam says, “I'm not saying you can't move, I just -”
it was with Cas. Obviously, he spent the whole time freaking out about his lies, but underneath all that just
“So, Dean who I have just met. Tell me about your last romantic relationship.”
“Okay, fine, I didn't tell him,” Dean says, which he's actually pretty sure he doesn't regret. Sam applying to Yale early admissions smacks of Dean asking him to do it, which he didn't (and he's pretty sure that if he did ask, Sam wouldn't have done it), and it reads like a proposal of commitment that Dean's not sure he has in him. Cas would read into it either way, and Dean's not sure what that book would say but he's pretty convinced that Dean doesn't come off well in any interpretation. There’s stuff they
“Good thanks,” Sam says, “Don’t worry about it. Join us.”
“The only thing
“So you’re just…. Ringing for a chat?”
“I figured that it was getting to you,” Dean says. “All of them visiting Anna. You having her room.”
“Dean,” Cas says, voice sleep rough, warm, vulnerable. Dean shuts his eyes and does his best not to look at him.
“Wait - you gotta,” Dean says, stepping back into the depths of his kitchen and pulling out some of the spare chef whites and a hat.
“There
“Do I really have to do this?” Dean asks, grimly.
and that he hid it
to make mistakes without it changing your worth.”
His original plan - after it had occurred to him that he probably should get Cas a Christmas present, given that they’ve been talking for close to four months and they’re definitely doing
to forgive him. It’s okay that you weren’t there yet. The fact that you were there hearing him out was enough.”
didn’t know that Dean was going to out the most vulnerable, shitty part of himself and that Cas was just gonna accept it.
“I've always wanted to go to the science museum,” Cas says, after they've drained their coffees and stared at the empty cups for long enough that the barista has been eyeing them up like she’s gearing up to barging over and asking them to leave.
“That’s unlikely to happen,” Cas says, “Entirely because of who
“Uh, it’s the coffee we always had, till Cas switched you to his brand.”
“It’s pasta, Cas. It’s gonna take you ten minutes.”
,” Cas complains, with what can only be described as a fucking pout.
what convinced you?”
“You gonna make yourself useful?”
“No, Cas, I’m pissed off. I can’t believe you would think I’d want you to take off for my own freaking good.”
“Yep,” Dean says, emboldened by the fact that Castiel hasn’t chewed him out, yet, and they’ve settled slightly too close in the kitchen and the fact the he invited him here in the first place. “She was wrong about one thing, though.”  Castiel tilts his head at him. “She said I was the first person to catfish at someone
He buys a return valid for the next month, just in case, and then he boards a train to London.
“You have
“Yes,” Cas says, “About many things, up to and including me cooking and actually enjoying spending time with you at my breaks, and about our future and about
Apparently, the pool is covered at this time of year. Dean’s never seen it like that, but he can’t imagine the tiny square of water is all that appealing in this weather. It’s dark, too, much earlier and much deeper than it ever is in the summer. It takes him a moment to feel out for the porch lights and then to flick the latch on the under-the-porch storage. He uses the light from his phone to pull out one of their usual deckchairs, and sets it out looking over the covered pool.
“I have been claimed for a platonic cheek kiss by a freshly dumped classmate. How’s that?”
, pockets his phone and goes to tell Bobby that he’s stealing his car to do a grocery run.
shifts and Dean registers that he needs to get out his damn phone if anyone is gonna call anyone. It’s a little fucking patronising that she offers to take it out of his hands —- he is a grown ass man and he can make a damn call himself — but, actually, he doesn’t really know what to
“I know,” Cas says, “But I
“I just came out to my
Welcome to the good ship angsty Mcangst boast
to himself, these days, and it works out better long term but it doesn’t necessarily come easy.
Talking about it feels like stripping off his skin, layer by layer, till there’s nothing left.
“You will keep your opinions to yourself,” Castiel says, voice radiating danger, “And you will be polite to my guest.”
“Make yourself useful and grate some cheese,” Dean grouses, to goddamn happy to be really mad about anything, at least until he picks his phone off the kitchen counter to read his two latest messages.
“Oh, yep. Anna's on shifts so -”
“You’re not a head case,”
“I liked that one too,” Castiel says, “Come here.”
, really. You’ve known for fifteen years and he Cas
“Smug is a good look on you,
“Dean,” Cas says, and Dean can feel the word in his gut, even though that makes
"Hey Bobby," Dean exhales,  trying not to think too hard about how fucking awesome it is to hear Bobby's voice.
“I am successful
“Sure, but I didn’t have the artefacts. I get a whole new insight into your
“I am
“You told someone that I was your ‘high school ex’ which means that - “
“That would be, I believe the term is, ‘my bad’,” Cas says, stepping out of Dean’s bedroom and heading towards his kitchen. He needs coffee and that desire eclipses any desire he has to let this pan out and listen and… he
of the story, particularly the version of Dean’s guest blog he put up, but Castiel decided that keeping the mystery surrounding that particular series of events added to the allure of the blog. The version he tells in his interview has garlic bread motifs and ends with him frantically buying birthday presents). Talking
“Didn’t used to have such a lid on my bullshit,” Dean says, grimacing into his coffee.
“Why aren’t you hungover and sad?”
“Unofficially.” Castiel says, grimly, and takes the final shot. It  ----
“That is... not inaccurate,” Dean says, “I needed a Autumn menu, but I was just
He’s come along way.
And, the thing is, if Cas can find free weekends in his schedule maybe he can
the guy is actually his brother’s girlfriend.”
the time. He is
“Think
“Cas,” Dean says, hitting pause halfway through the pizza, “Look, man, I get not wanting to talk about it. I wrote the book on not talking about it, but you look
“Um, I’m not really supposed to be in guests rooms,” Dean says, hand going to the back of his neck. This was a worse idea than calling Sam in the first place. Damn.
“How would you feel,” Dean says, weighing the words up in his mouth, “About a promotion?”
“Mhmm. This is usually what I think when I look at you, but it's nice that you share my sentiments.”
Dean’s guessing he’s not really supposed to be listening, so he focuses on staring at the baby monitor.
that he needs to be patient and understanding and considerate and parts of it are easy and parts of it takes a great deal of effort, but he will
“I am emotionally detached enough to listen to you now,” Cas says, “Which is what I intended to do before, but - you may not know this about me yet, Dean, but I am irrational and rash when I am upset I
His hand lands on Cas’ knee.
a shower stop, but he’s not bothered enough to drive all the way back to his apartment before going to work. He turns it up scalding hot to coax some of the residual pain out of lower back, instead, and gets a weird kind of pleased-panic that Cas left him a towel out. He must have gotten it out last night.
“We don’t
“You were a kid too Dean.”
“To avoid getting sand in the bed,” Cas says, “Which I can see was a colossal waste of time.”
He waters Cas’ plant, pressing the back of his knuckles against the back of the soil first to make sure it’s not already too moist. Washes up their mugs. Puts away the plates drying from dinner yesterday.
“You - what?”
“I’m just - busy.”
“You okay?” Dean asks, after they’ve pulled up outside Cas’ place and neither of them have moved. Cas doesn’t respond. Not even a tilt of his lips. “Are
“Yeah,” Bobby says, “But your brother don't. By your design, I might add. He's working it out.”
“I do not
that he would not do something like
“But it was still - just sex?”
cried,  he —- I wasn’t, I wasn’t functional, I was broken, just. Didn’t really
“No you’re not,” Cas says, “You know this can happen when you drink.” He says and it’s little too annoying to be reassuring, becuase maybe that’s goddamn true, but he’s —- he’s goddamn fed up, and sometimes Cas’ painful honesty about everything isn’t what he wants to hear, and maybe he shouldn’t’ve drunk anything, but sometimes alcohol doesn’t fuck the other stuff up in his head and he just winds up feeling loose and good and easy, and it’s so goddamn frustrating to have to be so damn careful — and he’s, this isn’t
“I'm not,” Dean says, “Now come on, Cas, talk to me.”
“What?”
“I - okay. Can we, can we sit?”
“Dean,” Castiel says, fingers itching to reach forward and
Cas… Cas hasn’t text back.
from me lines up pretty damn well with what’s in my best interest because you’re in love with me too, I trust that. I promise you that I’m not gonna go along with something that’s detrimental to my welfare just cause I think you want me too, and you’ve made it pretty clear that you’re not looking for an out, and if that’s
“Maybe we should, uh,” Dean mutters, pulling away a little. Both of Cas palms are resting on his lower back under his shirt and Dean feels a little like crawling out of his own skin, because he’s restless and het up; equal parts unnerved and turned on. “Maybe we should cool it.”
“Genoa is beautiful,” Cas says, “Have you looked around?”
“And we agreed to be friends,” Castiel says, “And then I realised that I was incapable of being friends with Dean Winchester, and I went to England for the summer with Mick and Meg.”
“What do you mean...subsequent charges?”
“No,” Cas says, forehead creased, “Dean. Your brother has a room in your apartment. I assumed that meant one day he would live in it.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, a little resigned but not unhappy. “I know, been thinking about it.”
on you.”
“Not saying it would, but it’s a cash advance,” Dean says, “And it’d be cool. Don’t want you doing something you’re gonna hate, or that makes you feel like any of that stuff you said before. I’d hate it if you were doing that for me.”
“I have seen the face,” Cas puts in, which is fucking hilarious, and sparks something warm in his gut when inspires him shift the hand on the back of Cas’ chair to his shoulder.
“Make your damn mind up,” Dean says, “One minute you think we should live together, the next it’s
“Yeah. Figured out I had some savings, so I stopped picking up extra shifts. Been drying myself out. Cut out most spirits and, uh, drinkin’ before lunch. Long term plan is… well, long term, so. Got myself a skype therapist which is kind of bullshit. Opening up to Charlie. I called Sam. In real time called Sam. We talked.”
Cas. He knows his bullshit-voice (and, damn, he’s bad at it) and over the course of the day he’s become really acquainted with his stress-voice. Cas means it. Cas
“Where’s the tall one?” Gabriel asks, after Dean’s awkwardly pulled on a shirt and jeans in the sitting room and stepped back outside.
“Dean,”
? He replied yet?”
He waits until Marv has sighed very deliberately and headed back inside before facing down Charlie.
“You live here,” Castiel frowns. Dean
"Yeah, well, things were different then," Dean says, glaring at his glass before glancing up to meet Benny's eye. Benny is struggling. Benny’s been struggling for a long time. The last thing he needs right now is Dean’s not-quite-marital issues. “Got enough damn commitment on my plate,"
“Yes,” Castiel agrees, “But before anything comes to that, you will make very serious endeavours not to break my heart again.”
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean says.
“I think,” Dean says, “You were ready last time, Cas. You were there. I needed —- this last year has been the best and worst of my whole damn life,” Dean says, “Everything was such as mess, Cas, I wrecked
“Okay,” Castiel says, rubbing a hand over his face and pushing the covers off his legs.
“No,” Dean concedes, “Do have some pictures on the freaking wall though.”
having you round, okay? But if you… we, uh,” Dean swallows, takes a breath, “We don’t have to be this serious, if it freaks you out.”
being snuggled up on Cas’ bed on top of the covers.
and that is what is important about this, Castiel, and I — look, Cas, I wanna be there for you, all the damn way, and I want —- I want us to buy a fucking house with a white picket fence and goddamn marry you, if you want, and to spend every damn summer in this place sleeping on a freaking airbed if it makes you happy, and I
and has wanted to kiss him since high school, and he has barbed words cut into his skin by his ex-boyfriend. Castiel is not done with his job even though he wants nothing more to do with it, because there is paperwork and litigation and goodbyes. He knows Dean very well, but he doesn’t know his friends or his routine, or how Castiel is supposed to fit in with any of it. He is
He’s self aware enough to know that his privacy about the whole thing is a lot to do with years of Ellen declaring him unfit to look after Sam (and with the benefit of hindsight, it’s not like he can fucking argue) and this fear that the Night Stop people won’t
“Hey,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck in the doorway. “I’m —-  last night, was —- uh, I fucked up, Benny.”
“You - your flight.”
“ - No, Dean, you were at this weird rut with Cas and I wanted you to… I don't know. Think about what you wanted, but you won't tell me anything that's going on.”
“Yes, well, I consider it to be a very important husbandly duty,” Castiel says, “How early?”
“Hello Moria,” Castiel deadpans, picking up the phone without breaking Dean’s gaze.
“Ignore anything he says, Dean,” Tara adds, beer in her hand and actually
“First off,” Sam says, “Yes, actually, Cas is great. You
“Uh, no freaking way are you blaming me for
, Cas. I - the whole fucking reason I said I wanted to talk, before, is because I wanted to tell you that I was in.”
because they're all goddamn pathetic. “Dean, I am resolute that I want to continue our relationship.”
“Dean -”
Around eight PM, he calls Meg again. It goes to voicemail
,” Cas says, “I don't want to argue with you again.”
, no friends, no freaking life. I drink too much and I hang out at my ex-Principle and my ex-foster carer because they’re the only people in my life worth giving my time of day too. I drink too much and I’m too invested in my brother and when it all
. Not when Dean got in his car and drove for half the night after his Dad got in contact last, and not when he nearly crashed the impala on purpose right after John Winchester died. He could write the book on daddy issues. He's a frigging expert. He gets why Cas would call him for a goddamn consult about it, it's just… There's not a whole lot he do can for the guy from Indiana, or Kansas where Cas probably thinks he is, or
“Handling, what?”
“You have good people in your life.”
“So, totally separate point, you ever seen that show where they cure phobias of spiders by dropping tarantulas on you?”
The comment takes a long time to write. He tags it on the end of
“If you
“I mean, it
“Look,” Sam says, gentler, “Cas
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes.”
Not hungry, indeed.
“M’ so fucking late —-”
“I did used to be an accountant.”
Fuck.
“Uh, all I've done is go to school, Dean. A lot, which I literally would not have been able to do without you buying my books, cooking me food, saving up for crazy amounts of tuition fees and letting me live with you rent free for that whole two years.”
“What?” Dean asked, thrown, and Charlie had posited her theory that no one took up going to the gym in their mid/ late thirties, unless they’d had a health scare, or were in some way unhappy. Honestly, Dean had found it kind of ridiculous and laughed it off, but after they’d all decided that Charlie was staying in the spare room and Dean was happy-drunk enough to half-heartedly tried to hit on Cas in their master bedroom (which Castiel was obviously having none of, but he did lie and say it was because Charlie was staying rather than the real reason, which was a nice dodging of the truth to avoid bursting Dean’s happy-drunk-bubble), Cas had actually bought it up.
and had cared about him a great deal, but that he hadn’t been able to offer something permanent and substantial because of who he was as a person and how his life was. He’d concluded that he wasn’t blameless in allowing himself to be heart broken again, because Dean had
“Okay. Long distance 101. You just have to work out ways to create… Intimacy. Not like a sex thing, though there is that, but…. do you feel like he's far away when you talk?”
“It’s an hour’s drive between our apartments,” Cas says, looking at him over his glass of wine. The fact that Cas has looked this up at some point sort of makes Dean want to lean across the table and kiss him, but he’s trying to resist at least half of those urges so they actually get through dinner.
“Not even Gabe?” Dean asks, “That, I can’t believe.”
“Losing your father, was -”
, in Kansas.
“Because, Dean, I
other people’s food then come home and set microwaves alight?”
“That sounds nice,” Cas says, “I always like the sea after it rained.”
in your head before you’re ‘good enough’ to date me.”
back with a lot more self confidence than he actually has about it, because he’s pretty sure the last time he was around a baby it was
Fuck and
“Guess you know me pretty well,” Dean says, glancing at the road. There’s signs to the tube stops and busses and taxis and Dean really doesn’t want to get in any of them but he’s pretty sure they’ve run out of places to go with this. They haven’t so much as touched since that not-hand-hold in the coffee shop and, if it wasn’t for the fact of their
Dean exhales and turns the engine over and they drive to the wake in near-silence.
“Hotter with stubble?” Cas questions, still assessing him. He’s still
Cas shifts to rest on his elbow to speak.
“It sounded -- hypothetical “
her. He’d forgotten what a visceral reaction that was until they were at her front door, but she’s always been a piece of work. Naomi may think he’s scum, but the feeling’s mutual and it’s as uncomfortable as hell to have her
and he’s not sure which of the two things he wants more. Both. Definitely more of both. “That’s Sam,” Cas says, at the sound of the front door. He steps back and heads to the coffee pot and Dean decides that hates his snot nosed little brother and his bad timing and his early morning running habits.
you so damn hard you won’t remember your own name.”
“Very normal,” Gabriel agrees. “None of our Cassie’s bite. So…. Chuck left.”
at it, but - he was a shitty boss even without the other bullcrap, and my Dad was pretty damn clear on cooking, at all, being a waste of time. He kept giving me shit about Sam and I just - needed out. Needed
“You’re no less infuriating than you were two years ago,”
Sam bites his lip. Dean hits the play button again, but Sam reaches out to knock his hand away, deleting it by accident with his hands shaking. Some sick, twisted part of Dean is
“Everyone else did,” Cas says, “Everyone spent our entire childhood pointing it out … it. It was increasingly difficult to hide it from you.”
“What kind of soup?” Sam asks, that slightly-smug smile on his face.
and then he sat on Cas’ sofa and obsessed about what the hell he could even
, but launching straight into it still isn’t fucking easy. Dean sits up, stretches and swallows back the usual instinct to haul-ass to Canada. “Bobby bought a bottle. He, uh, came to visit when the restaurant was closed.”
“Kids,” Dean says, “Wow.”
“So he did invite you?”
well freaking meaning and, okay, sometimes you have a problem with
Dean’s heart was not fucking prepared for this.
He is not loving how much John Winchester is coming up in conversation today.
“It was - fine,” Dean says, “I get it all sounds kind of bleak laid out like that and I'm not - not saying we were rocking the picket fence, but it could've been a lot worse. I was just trying to survive and I - probably hard for you to believe, but I'm actually not a total flailing dumbass when it comes to chicks. It's just - dudes that make me all - you know.”
“Extra bacon is always right,”
worried. She only calls him that when she’s upset about something. He hadn’t heard it for decades before Cas died.
“No,” Dean says, “He wouldn’t wanna talk to me, either. He--- he and Sammy are best friends, again, apparently, which ---is fucking hilarious, because it’s the only damn thing I ever wanted.”
Dean sends,
“Why are you in contact with him?”
“Yes,” Cas says, vehemently, “He is a
Dean was dragged round America in the back of a car and this kid, this other kid, got a mom and a dad that took him to football matches.
“ —- but if it
“This about Jess?”
“That was my instinct yesterday,” Castiel says, because he’s always found honesty simpler than the truth, “And then you were upset and I decided that was inconsequential compared to what’s going on in your head. Did it start when Charlie insisted on cutting her wage?”
“Whatever Dean,” Sam smiles, “But
“The car part is okay. It’s the other people thing that’s the problem right now. Expectation. And ---  been pretty sure your spark plugs have been halfway to fucked for weeks. I wanna do it.”
“I'll put some more in the fridge.”
“Of course,” Cas says.
“Hah,” Dean grins, “Knew it.”
“There was a legal battle,” Castiel says, looking slightly bored, “Lucifer ‘sassed him’ over Christmas dinner, Michael decided to prove he was more intelligent by essentially suing Lucifer to prove our father’s wishes only prioritised
and I think we’re both in need of some damn fun.”
. If Dean didn’t know or care about the final charges, he might have consented to Castiel looking it up, or asking Sam, but Castiel didn’t give him
“Jackass,”
“Yes and no.” Dean says, setting down his pizza. “Turns out --- Benny knows a guy, and he hooked me up with this doc on Monday, who did a thorough assessment of my bullshit and said I probably wasn’t gonna die, so…”
, and  -- stop insulting my boyfriend.”
is to not swear, be polite and remain unassuming.
It is better than Gabriel’s pie.
“Dean,” Cas says, an edge to his voice. “I’m not done being angry at you.”
“Did my door offend you?”
“'l require five minutes of morning-after cuddling for both mornings you left, and five minutes for this morning, which is conveniently the exact time you quoted before you have to leave.”
“It’s almost like you’re mocking me,” Castiel says, flattening his hand against Dean’s chest and smiling at him. “I’ll be up by the time you’re out of the shower, I just have a very important date with the rest of this cobbler first.”
, it’s crept into his bones and settled under his skin and his new-limitations are making themselves pretty fucking obvious and —
“But,” Dean says, swallowing. “On a
“Then I will
"Currently I live in San Jose,"
“And —- she’s flying, right?”
people - go team.”
want to dig through my childhood memorabilia? Why?”
--- Dean doesn’t want to be that asshat that assumes someone’s gonna stick around to deal with his bullshit --- but it didn’t really cross his mind that Cas might actually head for the exit. But---
“Is that a flirtation?”
“Cas,” Dean sighed, turning to lie on his back. It had taken him a little while to work it out, anyway, because —-
“I imagine having your full kitchen staff back is
, here,”
slept with lied about their job, you don’t call them a liar and demand the truth. Maybe this is why with the bad luck with all the ladies, and, uh. Others.”
until the path gives way to sand, and the quasi-familiar glow of a just-lit bonfire throws shadows and warmth across the beach.
“There’s this new netflix show about aliens I was gonna watch,” Timothy says, still buttering toast, “How do you feel about aliens?”
“Okay, Cas, I really need to -”
cut you some slack now?” Bobby asks, eye roll audible. “Get some sleep, maybe in the morning you’ll start talking some damn sense for a change.”
about to start typing his reply when the three dots reply, and another message rolls in.
“Whatever,” Dean says, “Your thesis. Your Christmas.  How much you wanna kiss me at midnight.”
that is hurting you that you’ve been squirreling away needs to be said now, and I will not be mad about you keeping it from me, within reason.”
“He’s
for the first time in a solid few months. He’s not tired. Indulgently sleepy, maybe, but not tired. Not the bone marrow deep exhaustion that it feels like he drags around, sometimes.
This chapter really wasn't supposed to be this angsty, but I think my bad mood may have infected Dean Winchester. Whoops. There was definitely supposed to be a like... resolution to this temporary angst-fest, but then it got long so... yep. Here we go.
like the kind of jackass move that he would make. Cas has
may have been easy to crack.”
self-sacrificial, Dean,” Cas says, voice pulled tight but on the edge of spilling over. “This is for
“Hopefully.”
“You’re lucky I’ve showered,” Cas says, “I, you’re
,” Castiel says, “But --- I have a tendency to invest in a relationship significantly beyond what that person can give back and --- Chuck is always going to be a terrible father, but he is not a terrible human, and I have learnt that as long as I don’t expect him to be a father, then I can still get something from our relationship. We’re in contact. He lives relatively nearby, as it happens.”
“It's Sam,” Sam says, helping himself to the soda Dean hadn’t opened yet.  “Sammy is a chubby thirteen year old.”
Cas writes out, then Dean gets the three dots for a fucking lifetime before
“Okay,”
for an embarrassing length of time, internally debating if you
“Okay,” Cas says, leaning forward to kiss him one last time before reaching for his phone.
“Your brother is on your couch.”
“Shut up,” Dean says, affectionately, as he starts typing out his message to Walt. “Next weekend is a helluva lot earlier than freaking
“You are very irritating,” Cas says, “Dean, can you take this?”
“Bullshit,”
He realises after they’ve exchanged ‘hellos’ that Dean has no idea what to say.
“You,” Dean counters, mouth dry. It’s… is reckless. Its
.“I don’t care
, but he’s also not prepared to act like he knows exactly what she’s implying because he’s relatively sure that would incriminate him and he’s not entirely sure he’s okay with that yet.
Sam stops eating.
where all he wants to do is lock himself somewhere, or call Charlie, or even call freaking
You have one new message.
“Which is on your menu.”
“Until I kissed you.”
Dean smiles and it’s ridiculous how his stomach clenches in response. He is disgustingly attractive. It’s been about a year since they were last in the same room, but he looks much older. He is an
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, right on queue, only it sounds a lot like there’s running water in the background, and there’s concern mixed in with the affection. The train wreck of a conversation yesterday obviously freaked him out, which is… regrettable. Not exactly what he wanted to happen, but it all just started spilling out.  “Are you alright?”
He can’t really decide why Cas’ room number has stuck in his head, or what temporary madness got him to the point where he’s outside it, wrapping on the door with his knuckles. Given it’s totally within Cas’ power (and rights, actually) to get Dean fired for acting like a total asshole before and given, apparently, Cas makes him do crazy shit like talk about Sam or talk honestly about his slight-drink problem, he should avoid him at all costs. Cas doesn’t even know why his offhand question about brothers was so damn significant, or how much effect Cas’ words have actually had on his life, so why the hell is he going to Cas?
“You have, what, four jobs right now?”
“Well that's
“Okay,” Dean says, “I regret that you overreacted to the words that came out of my mouth. How’s that?”
"- it's a direction to point a steering wheel in Sam."
I trust me,” Cas says, “To
Dean replies, running a thumb over the edge of his coffee cup.
"You unpacked the glasses right, brother?"
close to talking to him about it. “Everything was about Sam, and it... They argued. So from me he just wanted… Obedience, I guess, and someone who'd take his crap. Used to belittle the crap out of me. It, I never did enough to please him, you know? I was never good enough.”
, you jackass.”
and drowning his damnable emotions in very expensive alcohol is probably not the ideal way to
“Then
, and surprising him enough that he sloshes his goddamn coffee down his nice jeans.
“Please don’t apologise to me,” Castiel says, voice taunt, “I’m --- I’m trying to be honest, but I don’t --- it’s not your
“The quiz, asshole, what condiment am I?”
and that Dean spent so much time so unhappy, and that neither of them can take any of it back. “Thank you for fixing the dishwasher.”
“You wouldn’t mind.”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, “Didn’t do the best but, fuck, not bad for a guy who nearly failed high school.”
Just after one AM, he gives the whole thing up as a bad job, trudges downstairs and puts on the TV for something to block out the noise in his head. Bobby shows up a couple of minutes later in a dressing gown that would be funny on a better day and says ‘so what are we watching?’ with a hand clapped on his shoulder.
should have slept more last night, instead of freaking out on Charlie for half the night.
“Okay, I get it,” Dean mutters, “Is it - is it crazy?”
“I think... I'm going out.”
“We’re supposed to be a
“Uh, going by the Victoria secret wrapping paper...” Dean says, gesturing at the pile of presents on his lap, some of which have slid onto the floor during this conversation. Castiel stands there and gapes at him for a few long moments and decides that it is
Even then it’s only due to a fluke and a well timed gust of wind in Dean’s favour but, whatever, he’ll take what he can get.
“Ten weeks. I think —— Cut Tuesday and Wednesday lunch.”
“Dean.” Cas says, “With all the incredible hard work you’ve been putting in, you deserve a skip day.”
, which means they’re just scars, and they’re just bad dreams. Most of the time.” Dean adds, “You, uh. Wouldn’t hold it against you, if you needed to walk away.”
“Do you remember telling me that making audible observations about someone’s mood is irritating?”
. Fatherhood.
Or maybe, he should go back two more summers, and kiss him in the moonlight after Castiel has told him he’s done some research and he’s concluded that he is gay.
Castiel stares at him.
“You,” Dean starts, beginning to smile,
And she is not wrong. This
“It feels like everything has been weighing on me ,” Cas says, frowning at his coffee. “Your assessment of me is too flattering. Dean, I need to…”
That’s probably dumb, given almost everything he has planned is quasi-ridiculous and mostly pointless but…
“Happy Christmas eve eve, Bobby.” Dean says, as Bobby rolls his eyes without looking up from his book, something that
“Deal with your brother,” Cas says, waylaying him in the doorway to the kitchen, voice unremitting and, absolutely, that's an order.
And next up: drama.
And then Castiel hugs him. One of those hugs that’s more
been here before, and I have been wrong before. Dean doesn’t find words particularly easy, but he still seems to find them easier than action or commitment.”
“Literally not what I was going to say,” Sam says, standing up to grab a box of tissues and offering them up to him. Dean takes one and tries to wipe away some of the indignity of grief. “Look, I’m not --- you can’t do
He’s never done it before but it is, technically, an option.
“Physics, currently.”
“Finally, someone I like,” Cas says, dropping his bag to pull Dean into a hug that lasts much too long for other company. Dean reckons that Sam is used to it and Gabriel can fucking deal with it, though, because Cas sounds crabby and irritatable and Dean has
“Okay,” Dean says, “Then say it.”
“Yeah, no problem. Look, this has been awesome , but - “
“Someone sexting you?” Dean asks, as Cas sits down on top of the covers and absently smiles at his phone.
“Hmm,” Dean returns, shifting to wrap an arm around him and pull him in closer. “Good fucking riddance, twenty twenty.”
Still, he nudges Cas with his knee and mutters ‘
Did this honest to god have to be
hadn’t been taking them when he was supposed to, which pretty much totalled the concept of either of them working. And that might be a point in the ‘losing the fucking plot’ column or it might be
. Not selling the review. Didn’t leave. Used the word ‘assbutt’ in actual real life. Like, not ironically.
“I - Lisa,”
“Aren’t you?” Dean asks, shutting Lisa’s kitchen door shut behind him and heading to her coffee machine, which is one of his other favourite things about the last few days he’s spent shacked up with Lisa. The freaking bendy sex, the shower pressure and her kick ass coffee machine. “It’s been
wanting to talk about something is generally his biggest giveaway.
version of Castiel said that Dean wasn’t trash for using cheap sex to make himself feel better about himself for most of his early twenties. He said that it was
“Dean, if you need time alone with your brother -”
"I thought that was 'the great escape' rather than your education."
. He’s never made him feel inadequate, or boken. Bobby always just goddamn loved him, with all his roughed up edges and his flaws and his fears. Bobby was the first person who ever made him
, I didn’t intend to ignore you in the first place and I have no intention of doing it again, but even if it
“I want to talk about this,” Cas says, “But Hester is expecting us as breakfast.”
Sam’s expression is too level and his pause is too long.
Not a damn thing comes out of his mouth.
“Why are you insisting that I don’t want to talk about this?”
“Damn right I did. Didn’t go through all this restaurant crap to get shut down for screwing where people eat.”
“How was it?”
“Roger that,” Dean says, “Hey Sam.”
, Dean?” Cas asks, voice warm and gravelly and so goddamn frustrated, and all of this would be so much easier if Dean could get a read on his body language. He needs to know where Cas would fix his gaze at, what the slant of shoulders would be, the exact tilt of his eyebrow. Then Dean would know if he could reach out and touch him. If
“Not quite,” Cas says, “There are two more chapters.”
“No,” Dean counters, “I’m not
“You’re a little biased.”
, which now feels very remiss of him. If he had been thinking clearly, rather than being led around by his emotions and a little by his blissfully happy ‘downstairs brain’, it probably would have occurred to him that Sam Winchester’s opinion is
Gabriel has a law degree and a very poor respect for personal boundaries.  There’s very little point trying to back out of the conversation now he’s already spilled his emotional guts, because Gabriel can and will find out anway. Part of him is surprised that he hadn’t done it already, given Dean told him part of the story. It’s
“This sucks,” Dean says, setting down his fork and rubbing some of the tension out of his forehead. He
He’s always hated Dean
“There’s nothing wrong with my car.”
? I just --- fuckin’ sick it of it,” Dean says… and that’s
“Andrea,” Benny says, “She was beautiful. She was -”
“Not following.”
“Shower,” Dean says, “If that doesn’t mess up food plans.”
,” Dean interjects, through the lump in his throat, thick and painful. “Whatever you want.”
this way, he won’t just try his chances, show up and walk right into you. I
Something like five months ago, Dean told Bobby Singer he’d come to Sioux Falls for Christmas and he’d asked
“It’s
hilarious. You’ve never been able to handle your emotions, let alone your emotions about Dean.”
“Okay,” Dean says, shutting the book, “Let’s go grocery shopping.”
“And if I gotta actually use my
by it, like the fact that his business is struggling after
“Allright,” Dean says, taking the fork from his hands and taking a forkful of peach cobbler, before handing the fork back to him with such a exquisitely perfect
“Well,” Dean says, “A lot of the important people basically already knew after some stuff went down and then… and then Dad died and I couldn’t really remember why I hadn’t done it already.”
with honest to god pride. It was soggy from too much dressing and stuffed full of the cheapest salad-crap in the store, but Sam lapped it up like the weird health-freak he’s always been. Two sizes: side, main. Standard caesar dressing or Sam’s house dressing.
“Okay, we have
“I —- it’s not of import,” Castiel says,  “Dean is much better at being a care-giver than a care-receiver.”
He’s quiet for a little while as Dr Sexy’s ex-girlfriend gets hit by a ambulance on screen, her fake tv-blood smearing across the pavement at the exact moment Dr Sexy is doing his sexy-eye thing to a third woman that Dean’s got no context for whatsoever.
Castiel shuts down the youtube woman talking about laundry and pulls up Dean’s number. He types out
“Fine, dropping it.” Sam says, icily.
“No one’s died,” Castiel says, “So things could certainly be worse.”
“Dean,” Castiel says, reaching out to cup Dean’s cheek with his palm, “I love you.”
“Fine by me,” Sam shrugs, even though he’s basically never been around a child before, which is sure to be several shades of entertaining. “And --- deal, Gabe.”
with any degree of confidence. The sauce tastes like Castiel is apprehensive and unsure and overthinking everything, which may in fact translate to too much salt, or too little seasoning. He needs Dean to translate his abstract notions into something helpful.
“God, Bobby. I’m sorry.”
“I have coffee,” Cas says, setting a mug down on the bedside table and sitting on the edge of the bed. He’s not
His dumbass teenage self didn’t even use a real fake name. Dean goddamn Smith.
“We can watch Star Wars if you want.”
“Look, whatever,” Dean says, “I just — feel like I haven’t had you to myself and you’re....”Dean trails off, gesturing in a way that he hopes encaptures the magnetic
Dean has
to be more understanding and more patient, but he—- he is fed up of how
“Cas,”
“Okay,” Cas acquesties without further argument, draining the last of hs beer and glancing towards his coat, “If you’re ready now,”
One day, Dean’s going to give him a key to his apartment, but --- tonight is a bad night.
be now.  “I - therapy finished
And Cas, who’s sent him his twenty second message of the day.
in an entirely different situation.”
“Yes,” Cas says, “I think I would like it if you called me. Particularly when I am not on any kind of date.”
“We never actually talked about it.”
“Which is practically never,” Charlie says, “Head at eight, Dean, it’ll be quiet by then.”
It hadn’t really ocured to him how much Castiel must have joined the dots and worked it all out, but Castiel isn’t exactly dumb.
Cas keeps him a breath away from his lips though, still frowning.
to have a good relationship with alcohol, Sam, but it is
“ - you
“I'm not sure I am conscious for seventy hours a week any more,” Cas says. One of Cas’ hands is resting on Dean’s knee and Dean has absolutely no idea how it got there, but it’s there, all casual and unremarkable. He didn’t even
made a thesis related breakthrough. It is just one of
“But this isn't a one man show,” Dean says, “This isn't
bleeding through his shirt and asked for help, but instead he stayed and he drank until either the pain or the alcohol knocked him out. He was found because the cleaner ignored the ‘do not disturb’ sign.
“ - a massive fan,” Dean substitutes, “Dork.”
, I’m not talking to Dr Phil here, I’m talking to my kid brother, so shut the fuck up a minute. I’m just trying to
“I had forgotten how eloquent you are.”
Dean's arm is a better place for him to rest his head than the back of the sofa, and Dean shifts to make room for his legs, hand dropping to his thigh like this is the most natural thing in the world, and it is. It is. Dean's leather and engine oil scent, his familiar warmth, the way he always allows himself to be more tactile when he's tired or concentrating on something else. And, then, it's natural for Castiel to reach out and retrace the lines of his clean shaven cheek with his thumb, and to kiss him. Dean is pliant and warm and lovely and shifts to allow Castiel a better angle. He runs his hands over Castiel's back until they settle just above his hips and stay there, safe, and solid and right.
“This is a lot of pressure.” Castiel says, watching as Dean starts chopping onions. He
“Cas, are you honest to god booking these tickets, because I’m not sure I can take this not happening.”
“Damned idiot, not telling you.”
, but Castiel caved first.
“I don’t think this is a good idea.” Sam says, with the bambi eyes back. “It’s really
“Yes, there is,” Cas says, “Dean —— I
It shouldn’t be that hard. Maybe they should freaking face-time.
asleep to miss Dean getting up, getting dressed and
“ I ain't upset.”
“Well
“Should have one of those clickbait-y titles.
“This,” Castiel says, turning over the napkin that came with the boxed slice of pie he ordered earlier. It is, of course, idiotic, but… he wants Dean to remember that he has options, which is why he has spent the hour gap between taught classes writing up napkin contracts and talking to his boyfriend’s brother rather than doing any work.
to Crowley.”
and sexual frustration from talking to him all the time, mixed in with straight up regular frustration and old hurts. January is… a long way away.
“You started it.” Dean shrugs, offering him a look that’s a bit like a challenge.
and then the aloneness was just freaking crushing him until he remembered that Sam’s probably the healthiest seventy-something in the universe and it’s probably not gonna happen and he can’t
“Says
Logically, he knows needs to talk to Cas.
“We have fifteen minutes,”
. This is exactly what he always wanted.
“Okay,” Dean says, “How’s Gabriel?”
, because Chuck screwed Cas up good and proper, but… still.
“Whatever, jerk,” Sam smiles, then launches into to a tirade about school that carries them through to the end of his soda. Sam is fine and Bobby’s friendly enough with their couch that Dean’s not worried that he left the kid alone for a couple of day’s longer than he was anticipating when he set off driving. He knew he would be fine, really, but that didn’t temper the pull in his gut that’s made him feel steadily crabbier for the whole journey home ( and Bobby is a goddamn saint letting him complain about it). Bobby butts in to bitch about the school system sounding grumpy enough about it that it pulls a laugh from his chest and, damn, it is good to be home. It's good to
“Dean, if you needed to take the day off…”
. Needed not to care about Sam or Dad and not to be
“You’re not going to argue with me about this,” Dean says, flatly, “That’s it. Conversation over.”
“Because, my big brother, it is a whole year since you told me you were going to tell Cas about Alastair at the Beach House,” Sam says, “A year since you have said anything self deprecating and factually inaccurate about being an
“So you propose to keep us separate?”
“I’m sorry,”
—- and I don’t understand why Sammy wants to talk to him, after everything he
“Making out is an experience,” Dean says, hooking a finger round Castiel’s belt loop with a warm-smirk. He hasn’t seen
Dean can’t actually remember them ever
for backing out.” Cas says, “They were right;I have never been the necessary kind of ruthless.”
“No,” Castiel says, “In the morning.  In New York.”
at it, but he was definitely more thinking of ways to get Dean to
“Dean,”
“No,” Dean says, and it feels very much like a puncture to his chest. “But I - Cas, I did, okay. I did. I was there, dammit, that's what I wanted to talk to you about and I - I need to see you, Cas, to explain -”
“Stop stalling and go talk to Cas,”
“Yeah, so suck it up, sunshine.”
and this whole shitstorm is so ridiculous that it would probably be funny if it wasn’t actually happening to him. It
he had to take a step back because of this alcohol shit. It’s not a surprise Cas is freaking confused. “This stuff doesn't come easy to me, man, and… okay, you… that stuff you said, about having too much heart. Your last relationships. I don’t wanna be the guy using my feelings as an excuse to get away with being an asshole.”
, with care and love, and he’s pretty sure he doesn’t care about anything else.
. Sam still sees him as breakable and that’s okay. He’s come to terms with it. He’s not sure that his pride could have taken Cas seeing him that broken, too.
“This tends to be my state at four in the morning,” Cas says, gaze heavy on the side of Dean’s face. “Are you alright?”
words still take effort. They feel like they cost something, even though they’re obviously freaking true. Cas knows. He’s said adjacent words all the damn time, but I love you is …. complicated. It’s come out of his mouth in that form a handful of times.
“-or falling into sofa,”
,” He clarifies, his frown creased into the centre of his forehead, “But there is soup and painkillers, if you feel well enough.”
He’s not expecting this question to have Dean half sitting up staring at him, slack jawed, for a long few seconds, even if the question comes out much softer and intimate than he really intended to. How much he is relishing the morning somehow spilled out into the words until they
“Hello Castiel,” She says, her voice tilted with some emotion that’s difficult for him to decipher over the phone. For all that his more adept than he used to be, reading emotions is still not his greatest strength. “How are you?”
“Sam figures you two are a, you know, thing. Romantically. Sexually. Whatever.”
, now.
yourself. I never wanted you to be less committed to your brother, I just wanted you to be honest with yourself about
Dean’s chest tightens.
“No fucking way,”  Dean smiles, and then he kisses him.
Cas has nice hands. Cas has nice hands and is giving him a goddamn shoulder rub in the beach house kitchen.
“I’m not trying to change your mind, Dean. These are just my eyes.”
“Good,”
“It's a job interview, Cas,” Dean says, stepping into the room with a wooden spoon in his hand, tracking his way across the bedroom the long way round in a concentrated effort not to go anywhere his clothes on the bed.  “You're supposed to wear a penguin suit and look like a dick. Here, try this sauce.”
“Your bridge?”
,” Cas bites out, “It’s the
about it. I need to catch up,” Cas says, brushing his fingers through the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck and…. That’s
. He’s got no idea whether Sam will actually let him follow him to college, but he’s not… most of his top picks are freaking miles away. Even if he has to put a couple of hours distance between them to appease Sam’s independence streak, he’s not living hundreds of miles away from Sam. He’s
because I’m kicking ass at Yale… you might have to give him some time. So I guess, I guess you just need to be sure about what you want and what you’re prepared to give because….” Dean sighs, running his fingers through Cas' hair, “You deserve more than walking away from this whole thing with regret, Cas. You just do. And sometimes that means shelving the difficult questions for a little time. And if the person is worth it, you have to wait. Not indefinitely, but some.”
have talked to you about that work stuff but I’m, I’m working on it. I promise.”
to be going on with.
with his bedhead and his snark and his baby blues.
“No,” Cas says, frowning. He looks sad, all of a sudden, and Dean’s stomach clenches. Fuck, he hates it when Cas is sad.
“This is going to be uncomfortable.”
“Dunno,” Dean says, “Probably.”
on his stupid fucking millenial asshat bulllshit-blog, and shuts his laptop before he can take in a single word of what Cas has to say about him.
It’s not that hard, actually. Once he’s worked out the rough mechanics of it it’s easier to work out how Cas went wrong, but a little harder to fix it. By the time Cas has bought him another cup of coffee, he’s stitched another couple of clumsy rows and fallen into a rhythm with it.
, “If we do this, our friendship is ruined.”
“I --- I didn’t know I was invited.”
garlic bread he’s ever eaten, but it’s goddamn garlic bread. Even
,” Castiel says, “It is one of the most frustrating things about you. Even now, you won’t say that you
that his track record of silences will continue to follow him around, and the fact that this is
“Hey,” Dean says, turning the Led Zeppelin he had running down and shutting his eyes to properly
,”  Castiel says, “I
. Dean -”
to anything - “
“You’re
“I’m not mad about you about that Friday,” Sam says, eventually.
“Its --- it’s not of import.”
?” Dean asks, arching an eyebrow in concern. Now that he’s mentioned it, Cas does look a little drunk. Looser than normal, with a behead that looks too disastrous to be accidental.
He can’t really argue with that, which is probably why Sam used that as his pitch. He’s already such a lawyer about things.
“What did he say? In the argument?”  Dean shakes his head, because he can’t. He really can’t. “Okay,” Cas says, “We can discuss this at mine.”
“We’re going this now?” Dean asks, “I was —- I was at a boys home.”
together. “Is this a good idea?”
“Wow,” Dean says, “
of it, because he’s not there yet  - not by a long goddamn way - but he’s pretty damn sure that if he had Cas, solid and real, infront of him he could tell him that he’d missed him. To his face.
do it, y’idjit.”
“You never cooked when you lived here.”
as per, but Dean hasn’t really taken the time to enjoy it properly lately. Mostly, he hasn’t enjoyed
“I didn't mean it like that,” he says, turning to face him head on. “Look, if you don't wanna go - I get that, but the tables booked, so if you wanna take your roommate or your friend or your… Your boyfriend, girlfriend, whatever. I can pick up the cheque.”
“I,” Dean begins, then swallows. It feels a little like he’s going to fucking cry, which is bullshit. He hasn’t
He understands why Cas would want to keep it that way and he’s not suggesting that he lets them do
. He’s got coffee all over his goddamn pants and he just silently watched most of that conversation without managing to
up. I'll never be able to look at him straight again, but sure, let's have the goddamn talk.Sex is awesome. Don't be a douchebag or a freaking idiot, and make sure you do actually talk about it first. Done.”
“Yes,” Cas says, “I called Meg and she told me that I needed to get out of there before everything I had spent months rebuilding slipped away from me and I… it sounded so logical, Dean, to protect
“You shouldn't be,” Dean says, “but I, yeah, I’m glad you’re glad.”
The good thing about the news show is that he can’t
“Oh yeah,” Sam says, “That was a wet summer. You wanna watch that, Cas?”
“I know,” Castiel begins, “It’s just Dean is ----- calling me, apparently,” Castiel says, staring at his phone feeling a strange sense of dread that doesn’t normally accompany seeing Dean’s name on his phone. Normally, it’s that finally-seeing-your-food-coming-at-a-restaurant-joy but he
She’s English, blonde and just interesting enough to curb a little of the crappy anxious feeling swirling about in his gut. It’s been a fucking awful day. He misses Cas, which is a pile of bullshit both because he’s on the other side of the world being all buddy-buddy with Dean’s brother and because Dean’s only know him a month, goddamnit, and he’s got no right missing him. The guests on this cruise - blonde woman included - seem to be particularly self-serving, demanding and rude. It’s the third of the exact same shitty cruise in a row and Dean’s whole life has been going in circles for two years.
. “Cas, do I even wanna know how much money you just spent?”
“Look, man, you’ve always thought I’m
“Six ish,” Dean says, which means
, so he’d called Claire and asked when she could come visit. “Life things. I’ve --- I’ve been having a hard time.”
He crosses the room and pulls Cas into a hug.
summary of that last shit show.
“I’m —- I’m sorry,” Castiel says, fixing him with one of those intense, serious looks. They’re sitting very close to each other again. “I didn’t know I was doing that.”
, Cas.”
“Whatever the hell I
the first six hundred times John Winchester put them in the rearview mirror without looking back and Cas got a pretty good seat to the maelstrom of Dean Winchester’s internal-bullshit that happened whenever Sam talked about college. He overcompensated hard enough about
Castiel's birthday was several weeks after they started up their official relationship, and is an entirely different thing to this as far as Castiel is concerned. And it was an exceptionally good dinner.
“Night, Cas,” Dean mutters, as Cas threads their fingers together.
, but it’s too late now. Sam makes a face at him. “Look, Sam. This shit isn’t exactly
, she just makes a little
Just because he
” Castiel says, which is kind of gratifying, because Dean always thought he’d given
can’t help from here.
’ and then he fell into sleep a lot like he fell in love with Cas in the first place; heavy and sudden and quick. And if he’s been asleep
“Was thinking about it, from your perspective,” Dean says, watching him over his breakfast, “That and me screwing up your coming out because --- you weren’t
Cas was a little cagey when they talked about work, but Dean chalked that up to it being another sensitive topic between the two of them. In their last big argument, Dean made some pretty choice comments about Cas’ career decisions that went down pretty badly. He hadn’t had any indication that Cas has freaking
“Know how this goes, with Cas.”
“Dean,” Castiel says, even. “I know you hate it, but I think ---”
Dean follows him down to the kitchen and sits down at the kitchen table. None of the evening feels exactly
, crap.”
“Hello Dean,” Cas says, eyes fixed on him.
and to relax.
“ - Gotcha, push the special. Number two of two bacon, one fries, one courgette fries is pregnant, so
and… and he is happy and Castiel is very
that Dean’s been distant and a little reticent about everything.  Still, today they gave up talking half an hour into the drive and spent the rest of the journey with the radio blaring, filling the impala with classic rock to mask the fact that they weren’t having a damn conversation.
“I got that.” Dean grins.
rather than empty.
they’re comfortable.”
strange that he got Cas to listen to Sam’s voicemail before they’d even really talked that much.
They’re halfway through the the twelve top when Cas rings back about goddamn stuffing.
“You have — eight tables,” Castiel says, flicking through to an attached diagram of their outside space. It’s a Dean drawing, with tiny numbers scribbled across it in Charlie’s handwriting to signify the measurements between the tables. Dean told him about that day and he made it sound
“I hate everything,” Dean mutters. He’s back to shivery again which is just freaking perfect and has him pulling his dumbass blanket tighter over his shoulders to stop himself from
“I hope so,” Cas smiles.
“Dean, I have a report to do.”
“No,” Cas says, “Dean, I just want —”
“Whatever, Dean,” Sam says, his eye roll almost audible. “Do you need me to come over?”
that—”
“Last night, someone I care about very much had a very bad night and I didn’t know how to help,” Cas says, eyes brimming with something as he stares deliberately out the window. “And I don’t know if I dealt with it right and I’m
“I wasn't aware there was pillow talk etiquette.”
Getting Cas to talk wasn't actually the intention,  but it's a decent side effect. It's what he wanted, even if he wasn't going to ask twice. It eases the sickly, insecure feeling in his stomach, anyway, and it shuts up the voice screaming in the back of his head saying
, but I need you to calm the fuck down.”
excuses,” Dean says, voice thick and mangled in his throat. It’s a pretty weak response to
“No, I’m trying to use my words,” Dean says, “Think this stuff all the time, just doesn’t always make it out of my head. But I’ll —- I’ll try harder.”
“I’m not denying he’s dreamy,” Charlie said.
“You’re
almost instantly, which is enough to cement his theory that Cas has definitely been drinking. Just a little. He’s not usually that goddamn bold.
‘ sound passive aggressive.”
“Yes,” Cas says, “And I'm currently being outranked by
“Castiel, do you object to the
“Uh, okay,” Sam says, narrowing his eyes at him, “Are you...going to
... after,” Dean continues, twisting the keys round his fingers as he heads for the trunk for the tomatoes. Cas intercepts him to kiss him before he can get there. The kind of kiss that reverberates down his spine; a toe curling kind of kiss that has his whole body twisting in Cas’ direction without conscious thought. God, Cas is hot. Maybe he
“We —
that, by this point.  “What's eating you, son?”
wasn’t about you.”
Not that it matters. He doesn’t
was up, but uh - turns out he knew a
“Gross,” Sam says, wrinkling his nose. “He’ll say yes.”
He —- he didn’t feel old, before Cas. Not really. There was the arthritis and they had to do the diet-shift thing after Cas’ heart attack and, yeah okay, it took a lot less persuading than it used to get someone in to fix things when they broke (“this is not an assisination attempt on your masculinity, Dean, this is a plumber” ) but he didn’t feel
of the financial aspect of their different upbringings. He’s gotta have done the maths on the average mechanic vs average hotshot corporate lawyer. “And you drove a long way.”
“Dean,” Cas says, gently.
“Yeah, but —- That’s great,” Sam says, “Not everyone is willing to make sacrifices to be the person they want to be.”
“We are a
is very helpful for him.”
There’s a longer gap this time, with Castiel staring down those three dots. They disappear twice and Castiel is still waiting by the time that Gabriel reappears and sits down.
The guy hasn’t actually
“Let me guess,” Bobby says, “There
“Thank you.”
“Well, you were hurting.”
“Would you,” Cas begins, then stalls, “Would you move with him?”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, dragging his gaze up to meet his. He wants to call his fucking fiancée . He wants to actually verbalise that it doesn’t really matter what his Dad says about their relationship, because his priority is
“Right,” Dean says, “Fucking asshole.”
. Enjoy your lie-ins before real life kicks you in the ass, Sam. Trust me, work is a bitch.”
“Bitch,” Dean says and Sam laughs, bright and easy, “This coffee tastes like ass,” Dean says, setting Cas’ damn travel mug back into the cup holder with a frown, “This that crap you packed?”
. He still wanted to know the parts of Dean he was keeping back, because he was already enthralled with him, but he was content enough to let fly when Dean had been clear enough that he wasn’t ready to wrap everything in a bow and call it a relationship.
to revel in the fact that Cas is badass and awesome and all kinds of hot, and he wanted to chase all the rest of the stuff out of his head , just for a little while, to live in his body rather than his head.  He
“No, Clarence,” Meg says, stepping into the main room in an oversized t-shirt and not  a whole lot else, yesterday’s lipstick still staining her smirk red. “The fact that you burn things means you can’t cook pancakes.”
He stops for a proper second breakfast four hours later at a joint that sells grease with everything and extra bacon as standard. The coffee is bad, period, but he orders a double shot and calls Sam from his booth in the corner.
The audacity of the excuse feels like a slap to the face.
“I have an affliction where everything you do is frustratingly charming,” Cas says, “It is
Castiel comes back out with his coffee quite a bit later (Dean’s guessing that he got waylaid by a sibling or two) and Dean tilts his head at him to come closer. He slips the folded up version of Cas’ update list into Cas’ back pocket, hooks his fingers in Cas’ belt hooks and pulls him into the space between Dean’s legs.
“I'll call you later.”
“Do you have three kinds of cheese?”
“Dean, I didn’t mean to cross a line -”
you an explanation.”
“You think I feel good about you thinkin’ your marriage convenience was as good as life was gonna give you?” Dean asks, “You weren’t exactly doing well.”
“I thought the redundancy payout offered was fair.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, face hot. “And you definitely kissed back, sunshine, so —”
to acknowledge it, dude. If no one talks about it, it doesn’t exist.”
Dean’s so distracted staring at the goddamn screen that he doesn’t register the fact that he’s tipping his final finger of beer all over the sofa, because -
and Cas has no idea that Dean has been mooning over him for over fifty percent of his life like some tragic Shakesperian figure.
to see you,” Dean says, “I really - it's the least convenient thing in my whole fucking life.”
“He has a point, Castiel,” Anna says, gently, “I’m not saying you were wrong when you said you were over him, but things are different now. The situation is different.”
He definitely doesn’t talk about Sam.
. He really is, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t the worry of the rest of it gnawing at the back of his head.
“Dean,” Cas says, affectionately frustrated.
Cas is smart. He knows how this story ends. Dean could stop talking right now and Cas would still know exactly what fucking happened. “Yeah, cause Sam was dead set on freaking
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, glancing toward the stairs. “Which is — Hemingway?”
Dean calls him a little after he’s gotten back from the grocery store with more groceries than he’s owned for a long time, with a strong representation of all the food he remembers Dean liking: red meat, beer, bacon. He isn’t really sure how much time Dean will spend at
, Dean. And that’s
and acting like it’s not there. When Dean actually bought it up, he talked about the accepted thing and Cas had said ’the problem is that you
Apparently, Castiel is
“How the fuck did we end up arguing?” Dean asks, voice picking up volume, “We were
“Okay,” Charlie says, folding her arms, not rising the bait like he kind of wanted her too. He could use a fight. Ideally, he’d like to have the fight with himself. He deserves to be punched in the face, or something, but he’d settle for having Charlie yell at him that he’s being an asshole. He
-ex-boyfriend, figured it was about time for him to meet the annoying cousin. But, if you’re fighting then….”
right after - that thing- you know.”
“Goodnight,” Castiel says, smiling at his stupid phone.
happen for  Sam — he’s dated a bit since Eileen, but not loads, clearly enough that he hadn’t written himself off the game entirely in the aftermath — and he’s handling it better than when Dean realised it, a whole six months after Cas when the thought dropped into his head while he was making breakfast.
“I’ve never seen you like this,” Cas says, his voice tinged with a pleased curiosity, the hot line of his thigh pressed against Dean’s as he reclaims his coffee and curls his palms around it.
“I believe we’ve done that part of the conversation,” Cas says, all mellow and not quite snarky. Cas is lovely. He’s fucking
a family, and one day Cas will make this pizza for their kids and they’ll tell them about that year where freaking Starbucks shut and no one could buy any goddamn toilet roll.
“I,” Dean begins, trying to pick up Cas’ thread of thought with the dull, throbbing ache in his head, “Yeah, I guess. I mean --- we’re pretty needy, Cas. More or less every fight we’ve ever had has been about us not spending enough time together. Maybe this is just our kind of national emergency.”
“Yup,”
idea how someone who talks like they consider the Dictionary to be a bedtime story can be so goddamn smooth.
“Fine," Dean says. “Yes.”
Castiel likes physics, but his like of physics is complicated at the best of times, without factoring in the fact that his Professor seems to truly detest him for reasons unknown. He stops talking as he waits for Castiel to take his seat - the only one available, next to Daphne, which is essentially how
“Can I read your messages? Trying to help, not invade your privacy” .
“We,” Dean begins, dislodging his head from his arms and pinching his forehead, “Well.”
“Why?”
“Minimum fucking requirement,” Gabriel says, “If it works out, then yeah Cassie, that’s pretty damn great, but how do you know that anything is going to be different?”
You have one new voicemail.
“— well off and well connected,” Sam corrects, “To try and do good and compensate for his privilege.”
if you ultimately decide it won’t work? This is
“I know,” Castiel says, low.  Generalized anxiety, Castiel knows nothing about, but Dean
and loved in his entire life. “Come on, get on with it,” He said, even though he really wanted to say
Better than sitting here thinking all the damn night.
“The coffee is complimentary.” Doris tells him, “As are the cookies.”
,” Dean says, gaze settling on a page where Cas has written ‘
to spill his guts, have his moment to talk about how it’s cold and lonely and how it always falls apart on him and how stretched thin with worry he is, but he’s not sixteen anymore, and he’s pretty sure this is all part of growing up.
“If he can’t deal with Cas, then… that’s it.”
Confirm or deny nothing, Winchester.
to talk to you.”
“Rome,”
“Yes,” Cas says, “In the grand scheme of things, I am aware I have very little to complain about.”
to know.
“What?”
Except,
“Like spin the bottle,”
“— kitchen floor
, you know this guy?”
“Uh, three Christmases ago.”
“I’ll do it,” Dean says with an eye roll, “You --- keep marking. But I’m not freaking
“- what happened to
You have reached the Voicemail of Sam Winchester. Please leave a message after the tone.
on the new menus, Winchester, so don’t go throwing accusations at
“He didn’t - what?” Dean asks, a stab of panic in his stomach, staring at her. He’s been doing a damn good job of not thinking about whatever the hell happened after he left the restaurant, but now he’s thinking about it, and Charlie… she
Cas makes a flask of coffee and brings two of the oldest mugs so that they can drink their morning coffee with sand between their toes and it’s actually sort of perfect. Cas is reading his book and Dean is people watching (mostly, Cas watching) and focusing on finishing his second coffee, and the general bullshit of Dean’s life feels really, really far away.
"Yeah," Dean says, but it's a little half hearted. “Just feeling a little suffocated right now. I mean, this crap all happened fast.”
“My opinion” Sam says, “Is that you just need to
Dean turns the radio up and sings along, loudly, until they get home.
“More or less,” Dean hedges, “Cas. I’m —- I’m sorry.”
“Cas,” Dean says, after he’s taken a couple of sips of coffee and cooled his jets.  “What’s  --- what’s going on in your head?”
looks that he’s always found emotionally compromising and difficult to resist. “Castiel, tell me what’s wrong.”
“Other than infuriating?” Cas says, the furrow in his brow deepening as he writes down Dean’s responses. “You are,” Cas says, before sighing deeply. “Mayonnaise.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, the corners of his lips softening, “If you’re okay with that. You wanna yell at me instead, I get that.”
“Going out?” Sam asks, looking up from his laptop and his books with a smudge of ink over his left eyebrow.
The library is the only place in this dumbass school that's quiet. Everywhere else is stuffed full of too many students and too many teachers and too much bullshit that he doesn't want to deal with, especially not today. There's a librarian but she clearly doesn't give a shit about her job. She barely looks up at him as he stalks in and sits down at one of the nearest table and tries to breathe through the frustration and the anger that's been simmering in his gut for days. Of all the shitty schools he's been in - and there's been a lot - this one is the worst.
Dean makes a half noncommittal noise. It is, obviously, but he said he was gonna talk to them both about this tomorrow. Or, he was going to do it tonight when he thought Claire was supposed to be here, but now he’s doing it tomorrow.
“Is this customary when you're seeing someone?” Cas asks, blearily wondering over to the coffee machine and jabbing at it. “Is this - breakfast?”
“I told you -”
“Course,”
“No,” Dean says, gruffly, “Maybe.”
“Your
“Allright,” Castiel says, looking back down at his knees and sighing. “I had a very good day.”
“Yeah,” Dean exhales, “I
Dean exhales. Sinks into the covers. Breathes.
“Dean.” Cas says, in that
“Dean,” Cas says, “
come up that trips up my whole head and I might, I dunno, panic.”
“You know there’s a bed with your name on, y’idjit.”
Cas doesn't need him. Why would anyone
“Awesome,” Dean exhales, “You wanna start talking, asshole?”
“I - yeah,” Dean says, trying to shake his head back into gear, but there’s this ice cold dread in his stomach and everything feels really far away. “Just, airports.”
“How good?”
“Sorry,”
So he takes his
“You definitely have a hotel on Boardwalk and Park Place in the monopoly of shit relationships.”
Dean --- joking and teasing --- and Castiel would
“No,” Dean exhales, “I - sorry, Cas, I can’t lie to you.”
“Florence,” Dean says, “Pretty sure we can get a day trip into Paris from one of the ports, but I dunno. Might be tight for getting back on board in time for crew-checks.”
The first thing he does is cross through the picture of himself and the damn bio on the back of the menu with a new pen, because no goddamn way is he having that. Alistair is the kind of person who’d want their face on the menu, not Dean, and he’s kind of through thinking about him. He crosses out the word
Bobby whistles through his teeth.
. They’re that out of sync that Sam got pissy instead of realising it was a statement of trust. Sam’s just angry at him. The impala is the single thing he has left in the world and Sam is just angry at him. And Dean
losing control over his emotions. The words don’t make much sense and neither do his feelings, but he… he doesn’t like the idea of Dean having a child with some woman, with Lisa, when Dean should have been
of stuff right now) and this place is there’s to do with what they want. The money they’re putting into their mortgage each month is making these four walls a little bit more their own every month, rather than into someone else’ pocket. He loves their kitchen, even if he hasn’t actually cooked in it yet. He freaking
“That’s — unnecessary.”
“It's been two years, my pastry knowledge is a little out of date.”
“Good, thanks,” Sarah says, looking a little bit like she’s dead inside. Dean’s smile widens a little as his gaze shifts back to Sam. Sam’s attempting a bitchface but looks too embarrassed to pull it off and this is really, really improving Dean’s crappy day.
“Dean is ---”
"That's not full disclosure," Sam snaps.
“When our father was alive, our disputes were largely dictated by whoever he seemed to favour at the time. He was closest to Lucifer, then Michael, then Gabriel, then I’d be granted special allowances. Lucifer and Michael were in particular in competition for his affections, until Lucifer decided he was above it all. In hindsight, it was all very petty, but it felt apocalyptic at the time,” Castiel says, dealing the cards again, “Everything could be used as a pawn in Michael and Lucifer’s games. They’d use my choice of friends, my romantic choices, my rebellions… all of it was enveloped in their strategy to win. I don’t know what winning looked like, but I know I wanted it, until Gabriel left,”
You have reached the voicemail of Sam Winchester. Please leave a message after the tone.
, which is only slightly better than when he was running all the day to day business side of things himself. He’s not cut out for crunching numbers and balancing the books, so in theory Marv should make his life a lot easier, it just doesn’t
“Dean,” Cas says, pulling perceptively further away, that mouth pulling taunt, “Did I out you to your entire restaurant?”
Cas to have his own key.
“Never wanted to change the damn world. Just wanted Sammy to go able to go to fucking college.”
“Put your coffee down so I can kiss you.”
“Fine,” Dean agrees, rubbing a hand over his face and jostling Cas on the sofa, settling pressed together from shoulder to thigh. “I --- god, I don’t even know where to start.”
“I should’ve called you, period,” Dean says. Cas is shaking and emotional and Dean’s not really sure how any of this derailed. “Cas. We both made some pretty crappy decisions. We both hurt each other. The important goddamn bit is that we’re sat on this damn beach trying to fix this.”
“Bobby,” Cas frowns, “Principle Singer?”
“You stayed with Sam?”
“Okay, but we’re not dating,” Dean says, “I don’t do this job for the kicks, Charlie, I need the money.”
you sound like my fucking doctor.”
he’s not all that bothered about dissecting it right now, he just wants ---
Goddamn.
“You cheated on Amanda Heckerling.” Dean ignores him. He really doesn't want to talk about this, or, at all. “Why?”
Everything would’ve been different, if he had. If he’d
“Yeah,” Dean says.
he already knew that.)
. So, I am hibernating with my books.”
“Your father doesn’t know that you’re gay?”
“Dean,” Cas says, slow, “I don’t think I appreciated how
“Here,” Cas says, pushing a mug in his direction, which at least means that Dean isn’t fully in the dog’s house yet. Cas is unhappy, sure, but he’s reserving judgement before Dean really gets the pissed off treatment. “Dean,”
. That was the goddamn logical decision, because Dean hasn’t given Cas a lot of reason to trust him. He lied about his job and being
“Yeah?” Dean asks, with this thick, fake, humour.
He elects not to work his notice period.
“You’re not
“M’ fed up of not being okay.”
“If you’re going to explain, you should
“Switches?”
Cas nods, wordless, but that’s enough.
Dean hums a response, but he doesn’t really wanna talk about that.
“You’re busy?” Castiel frowns. It
which is only going to serve as more source of justification for butting in.
“Nice to meet you,” Cas says, holding out a hand to shake like butter wouldn’t melt. John takes it like he’s concerned Cas is gonna rip his damn arm off and Dean can live with that. He’d rather John thought of Cas as a force to be reckoned with than some kind of joke.
Cas is at the car. Dean had called him at the last traffic light and told him he was a couple of minutes away, so he must have headed out to the short stay parking lot then.
“Breaking my heart, Dorothy.”
“Eurgh, Dean.”
“Dude, you've watched a whole freaking series of Dr Sexy with me.”
“Guess so,” Dean says, lifting his glass slightly. “To high school sucking ass.”
“Shut up,” Dean says, tracing circles on his arm,“You're disturbing my happy place.”
“Yeah, but,” Dean says, “Not just that. I mean, I —- I
Charlie leads them to a table in a nervous silence. Sam tries to catch his eye to communicate
“Coming right up, man,” Dean says, grabbing a glass and trying to look engrossed enough in making up a cocktail to stop Gabriel from talking at him. He’s not in the mood today. Frankly, he’s not in the mood most days, but
