with Sam because they were on sale. And I was bringing one over for your keys since Jack likes borrowing them.” Dean drops their joined hands to his chest and presses it there, steadying them both. “ I’ll get you another one for a super early birthday present, okay?”
However, since coming to work here at Hunter Hollow Public library nearly a year ago, Castiel has found himself more and more often struggling to remember the author of
“ Hello, Dr. Winchester.” The man’s voice is deep and gravelly; either naturally or due to the fatigue and stress common to new parents, Dean isn’t certain, but he happily listens as the man continues, “ This is Jack.”
It feels utterly amazing. Even more than during their previous sexual activities, though Castiel also greatly enjoyed those, of course. But this. This open vulnerability, so much like that first night together on New Year’s, that excites and calms Castiel in waves until his heart feels so full in his chest it could burst. This is what he craves, what he needs.
And why is Dean in Daddy’s bed. Maybe Dean doesn’t have his own bed? Or maybe Dean doesn’t like his own bed?
Nurse Clif pats his shoulder, bending down to look at Alex. Again, Alex is mildly interested. “ He’s been pretty laid back here. I hope that keeps up at home.” The big man sends his smile toward Sam and Jess, chuckling at they struggle to swallow their mouthfuls to answer. He waves a dismissive hand, the universal
Cas turns his head toward Dean, blindly searching out his mouth. Dean takes pity on him and aligns their mouths together for a kiss, slow and deep. Sated. At least on Cas’ part. Dean does his best to keep his own enthusiasm reigned in. This is about Cas right now and he can take care of himself in a few minutes or even wait til he gets home tomorrow if need be.
“ Someone was a boy scout.” Dean accepts the box and pulls a couple damp cloths from the top. It’s an easy clean-up, though Dean takes his time after cleaning up his own hand and stomach to gently wipe away the drying fluids from Cas’ skin. There’s not much to be done with their respective underwear until he does laundry. When Dean finishes he twists to drop the soiled wipes into the trashcan under the nearest sidetable and nearly falls over as a hand closes around his aching cock. He jerks his head back around to find Cas staring up lustily, broad cool hands lazily moving over his erection.
yeah, other than the hat, pretty good. bobby n ellen r embarassin jo in front of victor. glad its not me, lol. i can’t get alex back from jo. n sam nearly fell into teh tree cuz he trippd ovr the new puppy
“ I remember Ellen making you clean it up.” Cain laughs quietly. He shifts in his chair, as though settling in, and gazes out the window at the bare branches blowing in the wind, shadows stark in the security lights. “ You were so determined, pulling that bottle of cheap trash from the trunk and downing half of it in three gulps. I couldn’t stop you. And we sat on the hood in the parking lot, long after closing, just staring up at the stars. It was very clear that night. “ He sighs softly, smile on his lips. “ I closed my eyes, just content in the moment.” The smile grows a bit more mischievous as he turns his eyes toward Dean. “ And suddenly you were leaning over me, kissing me to the very best of your inebriated ability.”
When he glances to the side, Dean is also looking out at the children, watching them climb back up the hill to repeat the rolling process. Dean’s expression is thoughtful (once Castiel stops staring at the perfection of his profile).  “ Hey, man. I get it. And you’re keeping your shit together a lot better than most.” He ducks his head, pulls nervously at his ear lobe. “  Uh, after Mom died, Dad kinda lost it, let fear take him over. Uncle Bobby used to say that Dad wanted us to be happy, but he
His voice is still sleep rough, but Dean seems to like what he hears, biting his plump lower lip before his whole face lights up at the compliment. As though his handsomeness has never been remarked upon, which the older man knows better. Dean pushes his hand under the blankets to find Castiel’s and close around it, thumb stroking softly in his palm. “ Want me to text Gabe and ask for more time?”
They’re almost home, the slight dip in the treeline glowing with security lights visible down the road. But there’s something else there, as well. Castiel slows down, giving the small car plenty of time to pull out of the driveway and get back onto the road. There’s nothing suspicious about the newish black four door. They’re a dime a dozen on the roads. Nothing unusual about it coming out of Cain’s driveway. Lots of people, lost on the remote road, use the head of the drive to turn around and head back to the interstate.
The smell of smoke is heavier and Castiel can practically taste it on his tongue as he slows the car down.
Unlike Jack, who was a good little ten-and-two’er (like Cas, Dean imagines), Claire has obviously been watching Dean drive because she immediately leans far left to get her elbow propped on the window ledge, other arm braced out to drape a hand over the top of the wheel, neck craned to see back around Dean. She and Jack are both singsonging, “ Back dat thang up! Back dat thang up!” And Dean is about to absolutely lose his shit. He glances over at Cas to find him in a similar state; hand tightly over his mouth, upper body shaking, fighting back intense laughter. Dean’s glad the inappropriately hilarious lyrics have eased Cas’ nerves.
Gabe steps out onto the porch, rarely used storm door squeaking slightly. “ Okay, you two. Go do your dirty deeds somewhere else. Children live here, for chrissakes!” His voice is low, but carries clearly in the silent night. The literal fireworks seem to be over for the evening.
“ Glad we’re agreed there.” Charlie smirks, then it falls back into seriousness. “ But still, she’s not one of our regular regulars and she has been here, on a computer or device, each time you’ve received the emails. I can input time stamps from all the emails and either narrow it down to her face or at least filter out employees. Unless you think it’s someone here?”
Then he goes online and finds the Etsy shop printed on the business card. Dean is impressed by the products listed. Raw honey, infused honey, beeswax candles and lip balms, handmade wooden bee decor. There’s a brief moment when Dean’s feelings swarm together and knot up uncomfortably. There’s sympathy and loss and even the ghost of jealousy as he reads over the description of Cain’s lemon verbena infused honey, lovingly labeled
“ I’ll help. You have a seat, Dean. Recover.” Cain interjects firmly, standing from the couch with a quiet, “ If you’ll excuse me,” to the children.  Jack waves. Claire gives him a thumbs up.
After about thirty feet they reach their destination, namely the bottom of Cas’ driveway. Where, naturally, Claire demands her turn. Dean catches sight of Cas looking out the window, face drawn tight. Dean doesn’t understand why the man seems so uncomfortable in the Impala. But he can’t think about it right now, because Jack and Claire are changing places - without fighting, amazingly enough- and Dean has to put the bench seat back another inch so the girl isn’t right on top of the wheel. She flops into his lap and Dean,
Castiel watches the grin spring to Dean’s face and a gentle warmth spreads through him. It won’t last, but Castiel is determined to enjoy it for as long as possible.  “ I’ll text when I’m on my way back.”
Castiel can hear when Dean’s breath catches in his throat, the exact moment he finishes unbuttoning the fly and blows hot air over the panel of pink lace exposed in the open vee. The thick flesh underneath twitches and Castiel catches his own breath at the sight. Dean’s cock is clearly outlined under the thin fabric, a hard line running diagonally toward the right hip. The lace has an intricate floral design in a tight pattern; barest hints of skin showing through the tiny holes. And Dean is already about to come out of them, the head of his cock creating a gap at the waistband.
.” He hopes her hand will fall away as he performs the air quotes, but she keeps a firm grasp at his elbow. “ He’s a friend.”
And deep down, Castiel knows he only attempted the dramatic hairstyle because he had wanted to impress Dean. With his daughter’s hair. Dear Lord in Heaven, save him from his own idiocy. At the very least, he hadn’t tried to dress the children any nicer than they would for school. Claire is wearing her favorite red Baymax t-shirt and denim capris. Jack’s t-shirt tops dark khaki cargo shorts; the pockets already full of Legos. Normal playtime attire. Castiel glances down at his own outfit, again wondering if perhaps it’s too much for a casual cookout. But his closet has very little that isn’t work appropriate. So he’d chosen his good jeans that are only slightly frayed at the hems and found a gray short-sleeve button-down, faint feather print scattered across the darker background. It’ll do.
Castiel runs the edge of his thumb along the shell of Dean’s ear. “ I love you.” It falls from his mouth onto the pillow, the small body warmed space between them.
“ Less chaotic than usual, surprisingly.” Dean steps up into the kitchen, easing one tote onto the table and the covered slow cooker onto the counter top. “ I kept it to the basics and just made a whole bunch so they would have plenty of leftovers to take home. Make it easy on them. Alice, Jess’ mom, made her amazing pumpkin pie that she won’t give me the recipe for. Alex slept through most of the day, but I got some good pics the few times he graced us with consciousness.”
“ This coming Saturday, if he signs the rental agreement. Though I’ll be handing over a key before that, so he might stop by during the week to unload some things. “ Cain’s smile is back in full force, and he drains his tea in a long gulp. “ If you don’t see him before then I will definitely make proper introductions Saturday.”
“ Some people just click, Clarence. We did.” Meg grins, idly dragging her fingers through her dark wavy hair and twisting it at the ends. “ You and Amelia. I know it takes you a while to work up romantical feelings, but it’s not like those are the only valid feelings in the world. It could just be a  really good friends thing. ”  Castiel squirms uncomfortably in his seat and Meg pauses, staring, until the grin drops away and her face softens into understanding. “ But that’s not what you’re hoping for, in the long run, is it?”
Dean responds with a smile and slips away to his bedroom as Cas enters the bathroom and closes the door behind him.  Having his little mental debate verbalized in such a sympathetic, and sexy, way really helped Dean get over the little glitch. He happily strips down and redresses in clean boxers and a pair of thin grey lounge pants. There’s an even thinner wash worn AC/DC t-shirt in hand when his cell phone buzzes loudly against the wooden nightstand where he’d plugged it in before his bathroom break.
Dean is staring back, head lifted from the pillow to better watch Castiel. This is not a flattering angle for anyone, but the hint of double chin squeezed against Dean’s chest is simply endearing.  Short, panting breaths spill from his parted lips. His hands are loosely curled at his sides, blunt nails occasionally scratching against the smooth cotton comforter. His legs are shaking slightly where they rest against Castiel’s shoulders. Is Dean still so nervous about this? Castiel leans back onto his heels, smooths his hands along Dean’s outer thighs and catches him behind the knees, pushing them toward his chest and stripping the jeans off in one relatively smooth motion. They do get snagged on one foot, but Castiel gently maneuvers the denim over the ankle and toes until Dean is free of them.
Not to mention how just the very thought of you makes me smile and how being near you makes me feel happier than I have in months.
Dean smiles gratefully and sips his own drink. “ I’m usually pretty on top of it. Working with kids for so long, you get used to self-censoring.”
Castiel listens as the younger man yawns and snuffles into the pillow. Sleep is finally catching up to Dean. Castiel, as well. Eyelids heavy, muscles relaxed. He leans in and presses a kiss to Dean’s forehead. “ Goodnight, Dean.”
He’s off the reference desk for the remainder of his afternoon because Benjamina is working with a practicum student, Dorothy Baum. And Charlie has been hanging out all day at the adult desk, making it a bit crowded for Castiel.
“ Why is she dressed like a bee?” Claire pushes off Dean’s legs and leans back against the middle cushion, still watching the video. “ Is it Halloween?”
His distress must play across his expression, because Garth laughs and slaps him on the back. “ It’s takes some getting used to. The noise, I mean.”
He slips his own hand into Cas’ wild hair, tugging carefully, thumb rubbing deliberate circles in the dip of a temple. Dean moans when Cas drops a hand to his chest.  The henley and undershirt not quite enough to dull the light digging of fingertips across his ribs. And then Dean is being squeezed tightly and everything is in motion and suddenly Dean is straddling Cas’ lap on the couch, his hands gripping the man’s shoulders to steady himself.
Dean ducks out from around the unit and spots Jess’ very suspicious smile. “ Was it on this whole time?”
Accepting himself and coming out are wonderful things. Dean has obviously done some research on sexual identities online, which is very encouraging. But having an actual queer person to speak with face to face, to interact emotionally, as well as intellectually, is a luxury not everyone has had. Castiel considers himself extremely lucky to have had Meg for most of his life as his partner in self discovery. He remembers Sam mentioning once that he and his brother both hail from a small town in South Dakota via Kansas. LGBTQI and their allies were most likely very thin on the ground there. Even here, Nashville is a lonely Blue dot swimming in a bigoted Red sea.
Dean looks embarrassed, but presses on. “ Sam says it was my guardian angel. He gripped me so tight he left bruises on my arm and when I got out of the hospital and worked through some…
Castiel continues to shuck his way through the dozen ears, the rhythmic motions blending with Dean’s low rumble and Claire’s softer whispers. Occasionally, Jack encourages Castiel with vibrant applause and, “ Good dob, Daddy!” or, “ Y’didit!” when a naked ear of corn is placed back into the bowl. When that happens, Dean looks over his shoulder and laughs at the duo on the floor.
“ Heck no, ow!” Dean yelps as his ankle is kicked under the table. He frowns at Cas, but the man’s poker face is impenetrable.
And tonight, most of those doubts and uncertainties and squirrely thoughts all revolve around one particular blue eyed brunette that lives next door.
When Dean takes the stage an inordinate amount of catcalls and wolf whistles follow him and he flips off Ed and Harry in the kitchen window. The music starts up and he closes his eyes for a moment to feel the rise before the first line. Dean loves singing. He’s not big on the performing aspect of it, but he works the crowd with his usual playfulness, winking at Stan and blowing kisses to Jess. By the end everyone has their phone out, screens glowing, and singing along. Benny appears at the end, slapping him on the back for the good job and calling a break so no one has to follow his stellar performance.
Claire flops down on Castiel’s other side, wiggling to get comfortable against the pack on her back, and people watches for several seconds before asking him, “ Did you act all crazy like Mr. Sam and Dean when I was born?”
“ Claire’s good, but Jack’s already nodding off.” Dean speaks quietly, stepping closer into Castiel’s space, but still a modest distance away. Too far away, as far as Castiel is concerned.
watching the cameras to make sure one of our repeat offenders was actually checking out her DVDs and not simply walking out with them, and just so happened to catch the scene you two were making before that handsome moose panicked at his wife’s first contraction.”
Dean presses in slowly, aware of the other man’s every breath, as he deepens the kiss. They break away to suck in air only to fall back together almost instantly. Dean is the first to introduce tongue into the mix this time, running the tip of his along Cas’ upper lip and shivering when he feels the answering touch of Cas’. It’s not exactly gentle, but firm and slow. Like they have all the time in the world. Dean loves it, this lazy pacing without a hint of the desperation that sometimes edges their limited experiences.
But Dean is thinking about that moment while they were dancing, when Castiel dipped him and the heat in his eyes had sent shivers all over Dean’s body. But he doesn’t mention that because it was just a fluke. They were just playing. Instead he confesses to the first incident that set the precedent for their relationship so far. “ I mean, we’ve already kinda had a moment, a few months back. And Cas said he couldn’t. Not with, you know, all the stuff going on in his life.”
Lucky for Dean, Sam dives right into the gossip he was so obviously anxious to share. “ So last July, there was a double murder in East Nashville. Two women bludgeoned to death with a hammer in their home. Obviously not my department, but Abagale Donovan in Criminal decided to leave the firm just so she can handle it personally.”
“ Looking for stuff that’s stuck.” Dean explains simply. He reaches in and scrapes a black sock from the metal side and shows it to Jack. “ See? The spinning flattens them against the sides.”
Jess appears from fucking nowhere and stands in front of the board in apparent indecision. She smells vaguely of rain, recently returned from a short break outside to clear away her lingering morning sickness. Dean hates it for her. Jess taps the capped end of the blue dry erase marker against her chin before turning to Dean. “ What do you think, Dean? Feeling lucky today?”
Constantine- aka Stan- hangs up the phone and uses orange to check a box under the title ‘Waiting Room’. He throws Dean an absent, “ I believe in you, Winchester,” in his lightly accented voice before heading back to his small lab.
Castiel squeezes firmly and smiles back, hoping it’s not too gummy like he gets when overexcited. “ Likewise, Dean.”
Well, that’s… Castiel doesn’t really know how to feel about that bit of information because honestly he’s still quite confused over anything he feels for what is essentially a stranger. And in the middle of what is the biggest mess his life has ever been and the last thing he needs right now is… complications. Yes, exactly. Complications. Relationships are always complicated, especially for him,  and right now they are doubly so, so Castiel pushes that messy tangle of physical urges and surprising emotions to the side and focuses on getting through this meeting with the least amount of awkward.
“I can pull up her phone records, if the number we have in her account is actually the one she’s using.” Charlie already has her fingers touching keys when the windows from before maximize and the match is made. Each pair of timestamps appears in a list, email and security footage. Ruby G. Cortese was indeed on the property, using the library’s wifi, each time a threatening email was sent.
Dean slides his arms around Cas, under the blanket, and holds him tightly, fingers digging into the loose material of his sweatshirt.
He almost laughs at Dean’s joking tone, but it suddenly occurs to Castiel that perhaps Dean has never had someone to openly discuss his sexuality with.
Before the name leaves his mouth, Dean is already stirring at the light touch to his fingers, which he curls around Castiel’s hand before blinking against the light. “ All good?”
“ Don't.” Cas spills out, expression morphing fully into apology. “ You didn’t do anything wrong. I --I wanted it. Want it, but…” He reaches behind him and Dean knows he’s touching the baby monitor in his back pocket.
“ And I tried not to stress too much,” Cas gives a rueful smirk. “ Though I admit I am quickly becoming a great admirer of Mary Berry’s recipes.”
Inside Dean’s new apartment, not much has changed since Castiel saw it a year ago when Cain was showing him around. There’d been a fresh coat of paint then, the smell still strong. The colors haven’t dulled, the walls varying shades of cool gray, the trim bright white. The original hardwood flooring is stained a dark walnut, in contrast to the newer composite wood planks in ash on Castiel’s side of the house. It sits over the garage with an addition extended toward the back that contains the kitchen and main entry.
“ Uh, read the sender address?” Charlie stares at him as though he’s lost his senses. There’s a long pause where they stare at each other and Castiel can see it in her eyes when something clicks in her brain; a quick blink and dilation. “ They’re not normal emails.” she whispers, then they both glance at Aaron. He is still immersed in travel influencers.
Castiel blocks it out, finishes unlocking the door and quickly steps inside to disarm the security system. Claire and Jack follow, then Dean. He steps around Castiel to set the pastry bag on the kitchen counter. The children scamper past, haphazardly shedding their coats and shoes in the corner before racing each other to their bedroom.  Castiel steers his attention back to the man opposite. “ Turn the system back on when I leave. Claire knows the code, but it’s also written on the back of the microwave and--”
“ Zip it!” Gabe glares at them both with enough heat to shut them up immediately. He jabs a finger in Cas’ direction. “  I have the kids. Go do what you need to do.” He swings it around to Dean, eyes narrowing, tone deadly. “ Treat him right, or so help me, they will
Jack is quiet, but leaning over Dean’s lap and the book. At first, Dean thinks he wants in on the hug action, but then the little hands are clawing at the back pages of the album. Dean slips his fingers behind the last page in the album and flips it open. He feels like he’s been punched in the gut, all the air rushing out in a sharp exhale as Jack points and tells Dean, “ Fafa.”
“ Alas, sleeping and parenting are mutually exclusive activities.” Castiel jokes, tilting his face to get an awkward kiss onto the top of Dean’s head. He nearly gets a hard skull against his nose when Dean suddenly pops half up, looking equal parts angry and spooked.
There’s a loaded beat and when they begin laughing, Castiel feels a huge weight lift from his mind. He decides they’re both making this harder than it has to be. They are adults, who happen to have some odd personal connections, and are now neighbors. There’s absolutely no reason they can’t be friends. In fact, a friend would be really good right about now. He clears his throat, an easy smile on his face and offers a wave with his free hand. “ Hello, Dean.”
Gabriel finally looks up, face twisted in brotherly exasperation. “ You actually feel guilty about that, don’t you?”
Like Dean. Castiel can do this. This is good. Being friends with Dean. No sex. No with-benefits. Just good friends. The children can have another caring adult in their lives without him complicating it with more. He doesn’t have to drag Dean into his problems.
I think becoming “ involved with someone”, “ he does the finger quotes just to irritate. “ Would make that list feel not quite as shit-tastic.”
Castiel completely tears his eyes away from his children and levels his gaze on Dean’s face, taking in the curve of his cheek and the slightly strained quirk of his smile. “ I think I can understand how things like that happen.” Dean nods silently and Castiel turns back toward the yard, wondering if he should change the topic or let it proceed naturally.  He decides to give it a nudge in a happier direction. “ Bobby seems to be a man of integrity.”
Aaron swallows audibly next to Castiel. “ You know, she scared me before. But now I’m pretty sure she knows where to bury a body. I’m certain she has buried bodies.”
“ Daddy! Din!” Jack is struggling to get around Claire, arms out for hugs. He’s wearing last night’s Minions 2019 paper crown he decorated at a library program.
Castiel nods again, but makes no move toward the open laptop on the other end of the table. He can’t tear his eyes away from the package on the table. It’s not as though it’s a severed head or any graphically violent threat. Cain would have immediately called the police if it had been any such thing. But the very fact that the older man had deemed it necessary to hide it from the children frightens him at a primal level. He can’t make himself reach for it.
Dean’s face is frozen for a split second, before it relaxes into an amused grin and a snort of laughter. “ You don’t have to say,
Dean accepts, his grip strong around Castiel’s wrist. Once Dean is standing, Castiel realizes they are very very close together. Like, kissing distance close. Feeling Dean’s breath on his cheek close. Memories of that one heated kiss only a month ago burst into his thoughts. Castiel makes a concerted effort to not look at Dean’s lips and takes a step back, his sight blurring slightly around the edges as he whips his head around to see Cain sitting between Claire and Jack, staring openly at the other two men.
I have no right to initiate anything between us after rejecting you that first time.  I know my actions afterwards have, at times, been hypocritical at best, and could possibly be considered harassment even. And it is certainly understandable if your feelings have changed since that night in September.
“ Dean and I filmed it, here in the light. Recorded the messages.” Cain slips the bag back over the box and pushes it to the back of the table, against the dark window.  “ I doubt the police would be able to lift any viable prints from the fur, especially after being handled by Dean and myself. Though maybe from the box... I can keep it here, if you think the recording isn’t enough to hand over when needed.”
As much as Jack does not like not being in Dean’s lap, the little boy is having a good time touching the tiny cloth covered feet and watching Alex squirm. Dean smiles at the interaction and tilts his head toward the other end of the couch. “ Take a load off and stay awhile, as my Uncle Bobby would say.”
That seems to work. Sam promptly moves out of his way, broad grin back on his stupid little brother face. “ Good luck, man.”
He allows a few ragged breaths to be absorbed by Dean’s shoulder, allows himself to breathe in the scent of laundry detergent and whatever Dean had for dinner, reminiscent of Cain’s cabin. Then Castiel sucks in a steadying breath and lifts his head, unclenches his hands. He leaves them splayed on Dean’s back, unable to completely move away just yet. Allowing himself a few extra seconds of comfort.
Can’t argue with that. Dean waves a hand at his brother, blowing off the gratitude. “ I’m only doing it because of Jess and my niece-or-nephew-to-be. You still owe me a solid.”
Dean inhales, slow and deep. Breathes it out the same as he eases back, hands trailing along Cas’ arms until they fall from his shoulders and their fingers are intertwined, resting on Dean’s thighs. Okay. This is happening and he can do this and this will be fine. It’s fine. “ So, it’s my birthday.”
Cain saves him again, patting the younger man’s shoulder. “ Did I mention his sincerity? I believe the last few boxes can wait while we have a break. Dean, may we?” He tilts his head toward the stone steps.
Meg ends the call and Castiel listens to the dial tone for a moment before locking his screen, hanging up on his end. He stares over the back of the couch, out the window and into the circle of bright light flooding the backyard.
“ Nope, nope.” Dean leans back in and surrounds Cas, both arms hugging him against his chest, mouth buried in his rumpled hair. “ Not you, Cas. Didn’t do nothing wrong, you hear me? “ He is fucking this up royally. With the scars, and now his stupid kink. And that fear of being laughed at, of being judged, thought of as disgusting? Dean knows that’s not going to happen with Cas, but still...  “ I’m the one that screwed up. Maybe.”
Jack eventually decides to join in the fun and falls on top of Dean. Hard head landing right on Dean’s crotch.
“ I hoped perhaps you would get bored with my non-response and move on with your life.” Castiel manages a complete sentence lacking any growl or threat. He’s moderately proud of himself.
Until one day, he asked to come along. And Cain had kissed him soft and gentle one last time, even as Dean threw curses and fists.
Dean has his keys in hand, clinking lightly against the handle on the staff door. He pauses, unwilling to move away from the sweet smile, the gentle encouragement, the firm grip on his upper arm. Except Cas is already releasing him, dropping his hand. And Dean doesn’t even think about it consciously, just catches that callused palm in his own and gives the fingers a good squeeze. “ Thanks, Cas. I’ll text you later. If that’s okay?”
Jack stares at the sock in Dean’s hand for a long moment, then sets his little face in a determined expression, and lunges into the washing machine.
But rolling the idea around in his head doesn’t really spark any of those nasty emotions of old. Of course, he can’t verify any of it unless he takes Cain up on his offer of platonic coffee, can he?
Jack sits on the middle couch cushion between Cas and Dean, alternating leaning on one man’s thigh to the other’s as he expounds on the scenes of interest and melodically shouts along with the songs. Claire sits on a large floor cushion with a galaxy print, directly below Jack’s spot. Dean notices how she leans toward Cas, wrapping her arms around his lower leg, clinging to his knee. It's the only conscious behavior of anxiety that Dean’s witnessed so far, from either child; a tendency to attach themselves to the nearest adult, most often Cas.
Gabriel breaks the quiet by throwing his hands in the air and addressing his custodial panic to Castiel. “ That wasn’t me! I swear!”
He numbly locks up, arms the security system, and drops the ball onto the kitchen table. How could this have happened? Seriously, what kind of fucked up fate could have drawn them together in such a twisted way? Castiel sits heavily in the kitchen chair and puts his head in his hands, mind roaring with doubts.
“ I did. Get bored, I mean.” She uncrosses her legs and stretches them out, crossing them at the ankles of her very expensive boots. “ Technically, I wasn’t supposed to approach you first, but then I saw you leaving with the kids that night and thought,
Castiel does his best to not fall apart under the combined stress of redressing Jack and Dean’s beautifully bright smile. He’s attempting his own joke, but there’s a knock on the door before it opens and Pamela enters, handing a new scrub shirt to Dean and a new grape flavored popsicle to Castiel. “ Thank you,” he nods his head in gratitude. Jack accepts the popsicle and sucks on it eagerly.
“ Me, Daddy! Do me!” Regaining their breath, Claire and Jack now demand their own fancy dance moves.
Sam looks as though he’s about to decline, but Jess, mouth full, elbows him in the side. He rubs the sore spot and turns his dark circled eyes gratefully toward his brother. “ If you really don’t mind, that’d be perfect.”
because he knows regardless of whatever happens next he’s not going to want to deal with anything else tonight and his precious car shouldn’t have to suffer. He isn’t nearly as careful as he should be pulling into the garage (not quite straight, with not enough room on the passenger side) but the car is under cover and that’s all Dean needs. He hops out, door slam almost lost under another cluster of loud pops. He can just make out a shower of red and gold sparks over a distant treeline. People must be firing them off on the lakeshore.
“ Very convincing.” Castiel grins. “ We’ll be back after storytime.” He escorts Claire and Jack through the little clumps of kids and parents until they reach the open doors of the story room near the back of the children’s area. He pauses a moment outside, scanning the interior for an empty space and appreciating the spooky decor within. The entire room is draped in dark cloth and fake spider webs, artfully arranged skulls and potion ingredients littering the counters. Castiel recognizes a fair amount of it from the Harry Potter party held in the summer and admires Rowena’s ability to recycle their limited supplies.
“ You can have my peanut butter ones.” Claire eagerly digs around in her plastic pumpkin, pulling out a handful of miniature Reese’s peanut butter cups. “ I’ll trade you for your proton pack.”
“ Thanks, buddy. But my dryer is up kinda high… Eh, we’ll make it work.” Dean smiles at the little boy and mentally runs through his toddler-laundry combinations. He can smell the warmth from the washer, the hallway lightly scented like Ocean Breeze.
Castiel smiles as Dean immediately pulls his phone out and excitedly scrolls through his camera roll, handing it over for Castiel to slowly swipe through the pictures. Jess and Sam look tired, but happy, as they eat over their overladen plates and pose together on Dean’s couch. Jess’ parents both smile brightly at the camera as they hold their first grandchild. There are a dozen photos of Alex; eyes closed, eyes open, scrunched face, yawning, etc. Two are of Dean holding the baby. In one, Dean is making silly faces, he and Alex both sticking their tongues out at each other. In the second, Dean has Alex at his shoulder, standing in front of the wide living room windows, eyes closed, mouth slightly parted. Castiel can practically hear the soft lullaby the man must have been singing. Would it be inappropriate to ask for a copy? Castiel decides it’s worth the risk. “ May I send some to my phone?”
Castiel smiles when his phone buzzes, vibration muffled slightly by the stack of folders beneath it. It’s from Dean, again. And Castiel honestly doesn’t mind in the least.
“ Was Dean okay with the little bedwetter using him as a pee pad?” Gabriel asks as he cuts through the last heavy duty plastic zip tie on the back of a Fisher-Price Bat Cave/Wayne Manor playset. He begins sizing a large swathe of wrapping paper.
Crazy times, friends. I hope everyone is doing as well as can be expected. I hope everyone is vehemently practicing their own forms of self-care. I hope everyone knows that there is still more good than bad in the world. Love you all <3
And there it is. Cas yanks Dean to him, hands dragging around to his back, fingers digging into Dean’s shoulder blades as his hips stutter and stall and his entire frame draws up tight. A long drawn out moment, a nearly pained moan, then Cas slumps back onto the couch, pulling Dean with him.
Dean grins and lightly pokes Jack’s belly. “ Nope. Cuz I’m gonna sneak into your house while you’re gone and play with all your toys.”
Castiel can’t help but chuckle at his new friend’s offer, along with his self-deprecating admission. But still, Dean’s given it so genuinely and, outside of the authorities and his lawyers, Castiel hasn’t spoken to anyone other than Gabriel and Meg. And always about the facts of his situation. Never how it’s affected his life. Never about him.  Because he doesn’t want his brother and oldest friend to worry, doesn’t want to burden them. “ Thank you, Dean, truly, but…” He gives a similar shrug and holds the beer bottle against his middle, the condensation seeping cool through his shirt.  “ Mostly, I’m just tired of being afraid. In the beginning, right after… I think I was still mostly in shock. It was easy to mumble,
He’s a few steps behind Jess and with the crowd and her crazy high bun perched on top of her head, it’s hard for Dean to see too far ahead of them. And he’s pretty distracted by the booth of vintage vinyl on the other side of the path. He stops when Jess stops and attempts to crane his neck around to see what’s caught her attention. She’s at the very edge of a table covered in a quilt- handmade as far as Dean can tell- and covered in various containers ranging in size and shape, but all bearing the same logo of a tiny bee perched atop a fancified letter ‘C’. Upon closer inspection, as Jess moves through the crowd around the table, Dean can see the individual products. Soaps and lotions and candles. Tins of honeycomb and hard candy. And row upon row of stacked jars of golden honey.
He locks up the Impala and strides across the hot asphalt towards the left end unit of the stripmall. Cain is sitting in a corner window, staring down at the lidless paper cup in his hands, as though the still liquid inside has all the answers. It’s such a beautifully familiar sight and something in Dean pushes the apprehension aside. It doesn’t disappear, it’s still there at the back of his mind, but this whole thing is much more doable. Dean thinks he might even enjoy it.
But Meg is apparently sick and Castiel knows the woman must be very ill to cancel an obligation. In college, she had once shown up to their bowling league with two wrist casts and a hefty dose of Vicodin. Most likely, whatever ails Meg is contagious; as a healthcare employee, Meg would never expose the vulnerable to contagion. He sends back, <<
It’s a few minutes before Dean is reminded of his own neglected hard on when he bumps it with his wrist trying to get a better angle. He hisses through his teeth and thrusts forward to get a glancing blow against Cas’ underwear. It’s not enough. “ Cas? Cas, touch me.”
“ Stupid,” Castiel mutters under his breath. How stupid of him. How cruel, after telling the younger man barely two weeks ago that he wasn’t in a place to pursue any extracurricular relationships. And watching a movie after the kids go to bed doesn’t always equal romantic opportunity, but Castiel had wanted it to. Still wants it. Because he’s stupid. And selfish.
Without any further mishap, they arrive back at the entrance. Ezekiel, from circulation, has taken over Dean’s spot at the front desk. His Boris Karloff era Frankenstein’s Creature is very imposing and only the oldest trick-or-treaters approach without encouragement from their chaperones.
Zachariah, however, is nothing if not tenacious. He claps his hands together and regains his fake smile before sidling out of Garth’s area and back toward Castiel. “ We’ll just see how things turn out, yes? I’m off to have lunch with the mayor. Don’t want to keep her waiting.” With this last name dropping, Zachariah makes his exit and leaves the work room in peace.
They re-enter the kitchen and Castiel begins organizing the many bowls and covered platters on the biggest countertop. Blatantly avoiding Cain. Cain approaches the dining table and removes the foil from a pan of baked beans. “ Since you obviously don’t want to talk about the attractive elephant in the next room, let’s talk about something less pleasant. Like work. ”
Dean grins again, kicking Cas’ foot under the table. “ Yep. We’re both ancient. Like the dinosaurs.”
Castiel swears softly under his breath and bats the man’s comforting hand away. Cain chuckles and doesn’t pursue his blunt segue, instead finishing setting up the food table. And Castiel is grateful for the teasing as he follows behind Cain, small smile on his face, placing serving utensils into each dish.
“ Claire, it is incredibly rude to rummage through people’s belongings. You know this.” But, first things first. Castiel has to figure out who’s to blame for the blunder.
“ You okay?” Jess frowns up at him, her hands full of wooden toys, highly polished and truly beautiful works of craftsmanship.
“ What would you like to do, Castiel?”  Cain speaks quietly, his hand dropping from Castiel’s arm, though the sense of support lingers in his mind.
Until Dean, sweet gorgeous Dean, had stabbed him with a popsicle. Castiel hadn’t been able to get the NP off his mind since meeting him, and getting to know him better as a neighbor and friend simply deepened the
And then they’re inside. Door locked. Standing in the kitchen with only the nightlight over the sink casting soft yellow light and sharp shadows across the room.
“ I’ll be in the den.” Dean grunts softly as he rises to his feet, brushing his hand across Cas’ shoulder as he whispers his destination. Cas reaches up and touches his hand briefly before turning back to Claire, singing quietly off key.
He’s grinning when he leaves the bedroom, pulling the door closed with just a crack. The nerves attempt to return as he strides down the hallway, through the living room and back into the den. But Dean is still there.
But then, there’d been a split second of recognition on Castiel’s part and for the life of him he can’t imagine where he would have seen someone as gorgeous as this man and not have a perfectly clear memory of it. Even in passing. But still, something familiar niggled at the back of his mind, his little inner voice clearing its throat pointedly. And then Jack had pushed his wet nose against Castiel’s bare throat and reminded him that he had more pressing matters than remembering when and where- if at all-he saw this Sexy Lumberjack.
Both kids are satisfied and Cas is smiling that big crinkley eyed, gummy smile that makes Dean feel fuzzy inside.
And that makes even more sense to Castiel; Dean doing it in his brother’s place. Castiel tries to imagine Dean without the well trimmed beard. Naked jawline sharp and smooth. Maybe just a hint of scruff. He bites the inside of his cheek to distract himself. “ What can we help you with, Dean?”
“ I realize you want to impress the guy, but first, he’s already head over heels for ya. And second, you’re both homebodies, if you hadn’t noticed.”
Cain pauses the replay and stands, careful not to bump into Dean. His tone is light, but his expression serious, when he says, “ Let’s check it out, shall we?”
“ Well, what did Uncle Gabe say we were talking about?”  Castiel can play this game, too. The satisfaction he gets from Gabriel’s genuine flash of fear makes getting out of bed worth it.
Dean remembers he’s the nurse who passed him a cold wet washcloth to clean his snotty face up before Dean held Alex for the first time; Nurse Clif. Nurse Clif  apparently remembers Dean, too, because the first thing he says to him is, “ Well, you look a sight better than the last time I saw you.”
But Dean sees his situation a bit differently. He snatches Castiel’s cup and bounces to his feet, joining Cain and claiming the jug of Kool-Ade. When he reaches across the older man, his left t-shirt sleeve rides up and Claire’s keen eyes spot the flash of color instantly. “ Dory!”
After okaying it with Benjamina, Castiel had retreated to his own desk in the workroom to gather some more resources for his upcoming programs. And check his phone for texts. Since Halloween night, Dean’s texts have taken on a nearly manic quality, all emojis and exclamation points and caps. And lots of photos. Not that Castiel is complaining. The fact that someone like Dean, who works with children every day, can still be so euphorically excited about an infant is rather heartwarming.
“ Yeah, it was taking too long, so I upped the ante. Thought that might set a fire under your tight little ass.” Ruby grins. “ It’s not like I was making it difficult, you know. I’d hang around for a couple hours after I sent them, just waiting to see if you’d poke your head out.” She rolls her eyes and taps a perfectly manicured fingernail- bright red like her lipstick- against the small stack of books on the table next to her. Castiel glances at the spines; all cookbooks. Ruby shrugs. “ I mean, I know you’re not one of these people that’s constantly checking your email, work or otherwise, but I mean, not a single reaction? Ever? Not a single tick or twitch or even a frownier frown than usual? ”
Cain is typing on his phone as he stands from the couch and heads to his desk across the room where his laptop is already open. “ Castiel says there’s a package at the gate.”
Cain returns less than a minute later, empty handed, and stops behind one of the chairs pushed under the table. He leans forward and curls his hands over the backrest, bracing his arms. He joins Castiel in staring out the window. Except Cain finds Castiel’s gaze in the reflection and keeps it from wandering off.
Castiel stares out the window opposite, into the darkness beyond the covered porch. Unlike the main house, which is thoroughly lit throughout the perimeter, Cain’s cabin is surrounded by natural darkness. Front and back porches are ablaze beneath modern LEDs, but the rest of the area remains undisturbed by security measures. Castiel can just see the outline of the closest trees, his own ghostly reflection blurring them further.  He refuses to meet his own gaze and concentrates on staring past his image and finding more indistinct outlines in the woods. Distract himself from this newest nightmare and gather his unstable emotions back under his calm facade.
Dean frowns even harder; he can feel a muscle twitching in his jaw. “ I remember the Sauce Incident.” He’s still trying to scrape together the long ago memory that is mostly punctuated by frustration at being without his smartphone for a week.
Castiel is unable to respond verbally. What could he possibly say? He shakes his head, careful to avoid Meg’s compassionate gaze.
Castiel shakes his head. “ No one’s been ill. Claire had a cold a few weeks ago, and they both came in last Wednesday to get their flu shots. ”
Castiel does not answer right away. He tells himself he’s listening to Claire and Jack as Aaron quizzes them on their favorite Harry Potter creatures. But he knows he’s avoiding Rowena’s sharp attention because he doesn’t want to explain that little scene, as Rowena called it, with Dean. Castiel had simply wanted to ask Dean over for a movie. Nothing special, nothing new. He’s invited Dean over for dinner and movies several times since the younger man moved next door. And Dean has invited them over to his place a few times for the children to play on his gaming consoles ( Claire is an ace at Mario Kart) and share his amazing grilled hamburgers. So no, it’s nothing out of the ordinary to ask Dean over.
the way down and pushes them onto the floor. His pull-up, too. Naked is easier. Daddy says it’s okay to be naked at home but he has to try pottying not-naked when he’s not at home.
Cain is back at the stove, stirring whatever heavenly scented concoction is cooking in the large stewpot. He nods toward the small kitchen table where a double paper bag is sitting. “ Go through it and make sure everything you wanted is in it. Dinner will be served up very soon.”
A sudden thought explodes in his mind and he quickly re-reads each email, breath held tightly until he’s scanned them all, looking for any mentions of Claire or Jack. Castiel exits the last one and releases an unsteady sigh. It appears they’re only interested in him, not the children. So far. The thought causes a shiver to run through his entire body. He catches Chuck looking at him curiously. Castiel forces a quarter smile and turns back to his screen.
Dean shakes his head, then raises Alex’s fist to wave at Jack. “ No, he’s not my baby. He’s Dr. Jess’ and Mr. Sam’s. But that makes him my nephew and my little buddy. Like you. You’re my little buddy, right? ”
“ Yeah, cool.” Dean is still looking at him, as though waiting for an opening to say something. But then he looks down and actually registers what’s in his hand and his entire face lights up, childlike in its uncomplicated joy. “ Oh! I love this kind!”
Sam and Jess both put their food down and give out gratitude and farewell hugs. Dean gets up from his seat, Alex still held securely- and suddenly very intent of Dean’s face- and gives the nurse a firm handshake. When he pulls back, Nurse Clif jerks a thumb at Dean’s clean shaven cheek. “ Shoulda left a little for the winter, dude.” He traces his own gray beard, chuckling.
“ No, no! Just, shit!” Dean gasps in a breath, still laughing as he wipes up the spit and beer from his chin with the front of his shirt.  Lifting the hem exposes his torso up to his chest and Castiel swallows thickly at the reappearance of the belly pudge. And the introduction of a perky nipple. Dean drops the shirt, covering himself, aiming his bright grin at Castiel. “ Just the way you said it, all deadpan and serious. If Uncle Bobby heard himself talked about like that he’d probably smack you upside the head. But he’d be blushing, too, the old softie.”
under Joshua’s adoring gaze and earns a standing ovation as she and her husband wave their goodbyes and head home. Jess’ number is called next and she drags Sam with her to sing
Dean actually blinks and does a tiny head jerk, the question smacking squarely against his defensive mental walls. He’d expected another long suffering rant about how much Sam owed John and how John had given everything for them and how ungrateful the youngest Winchester is, etc. etc. etc. But there’s a hint of hesitant hope in his father’s tone that Dean hasn’t heard since he’d asked whether or not he was invited to Sam’s high school graduation. The tension in his jaw loosens enough for Dean to swallow as he debates his answer. “ Yeah, he’s coming.” He thinks about mentioning Jess, wondering if her presence might curb John’s addiction for the weekend. “ He’s brin--”
“ Dean,” Castiel begins, determined to ignore his brother. “ You should go with your brother and Jess. Have a nice night out.”
seems to settle the infant’s cries. Dean shrugs. It coulda been Top 40. He manages one load of laundry before Alex is again demanding his attention to change a full diaper. Then it’s bath time. Or rather, shower time. Dean steps into the shower with a hand towel around Alex’s middle to keep the slippery infant securely in his arms. He washes Alex with a super soft cloth and lavender scented baby wash, careful to keep the shower spray out of his face. Once the baby is clean, Dean wraps him in a dry fluffy towel, places him in his unused baby tub just outside the shower door (clear glass so he can still see), and quickly gets himself washed up.
Even faked for humorous effect, Dean’s puppy eyes are a sight to behold and Castiel catches himself staring a moment too long. “ Only if you let us bring brownies. Claire is actually a rather good baker.”
That actually sounds like a good idea. Not the part about shagging after the children are in bed, though maybe some making out? And not Gabriel’s catering contacts, but most places offer online ordering and carry-out nowadays. Castiel will keep it in mind. He huffs suddenly, not quite laughter, but easy and lighthearted. “ I’m getting ahead of myself, even without your encouragement. Dean hasn’t agreed to anything yet.”
There are also quite a few text conversations with Cas, despite the late- or early- hour.  By two in the morning, it’s time for Jess to start pushing and Dean stations himself in a corner, out of the way. Yawning and texting and laughing and cringing at Cas’ anecdotes about his ineptitude during Claire’s birth. It passes the time and Dean loses track of everything until the doctor and team of nurses come in for the grand finale. In half an hour, a burst of cheering and an angry cry erupts from the room’s occupants.
us to be safe, ya know? Fear made a lot of his decisions when it came to us. Until the whiskey turned him a solid one-eighty and the results were just as bad, if not worse. That’s how we ended up living with Bobby.” He rubs absently over the left side of his chest, over his heart.
Another yawn disrupts his thoughts and Dean pushes all thoughts of possible sexy times out of his mind. It’s not happening tonight.
“ Holy shit.” Dean can’t get gather up a more intelligent response. Other than the predictable, “ What happened?”
Dean chuckles, rubbing his cheek against the side of Castiel’s neck. The light rasp of stubble is loud in the quiet, just beneath Dean’s whisper. “ It just occurred to me, you know, when you asked Claire if she was okay with us dating, that if-if the kids didn’t want us dating then you…”  Another unsteady inhale/exhale.
“ Whoa! Whoa, everyone chill! ” Dean really wants to laugh, but he understands that won’t help this situation, so instead he leans across the seat to get a clear view of Jack still flopping around in Cas’ arms like a bag of wet cats. “ Jack? Kiddo!”
“ I must admit I was surprised to see you with Dr. Moore, though I suppose it had to happen eventually.” Cain sighs quietly.
Castiel checks his work email and decides which of his projects to work on until his desk shift in half an hour as he waits for Ambriel’s reply.
Dean drops the shirt onto the bed as he crosses the room to retrieve his phone and check the messages. A text from Sam, asking if he made it home and how it went. Dean replies with a brief assurance of his safety and that things are fine. Once sent, the bright red icon on his messenger mocks him with a high number of unread texts. Swallowing down a twinge of anxiety, Dean opens the conversation thread with Cas and scans the messages he missed.
It can’t be. No way. Dean looks back up at the older man, hand slowly lowering the mostly eaten cornbread into his bowl. He puts both hands around the candle, a mirror of Cain’s hands around his bowl. “ I thought that was just a dream.”
“ No, our only copy got left behind in some motel when Sammy was about three,” Dean admits. He hasn’t read it in a long time, but he doesn’t remember anything sad about it. “ We thought the pictures were funny.”
“ Nothing’s a sure thing, Castiel.” Rowena sighs lightly, smiling at the little group across the room. “ And life’s too short and carpe diem and all that rot.”
“ I was thinking more about the general chaos,” Castiel mutters as an infant in its caregiver’s arms knocks over a display of books. The caregiver never pauses in her relaying of the weekend’s activities to her friend, to attend to her child or to restore the display.
“ The children aren’t Cain’s responsibility.” Castiel reminds his brother. “ And besides, he’s entertaining his own guests tonight.”
Like his boss, Zachariah Adler, who traipses into the work room with his usual smarmy smile, headed straight for Castiel’s desk. “ Good morning, Castiel! How was your time on the children’s desk? “
Castiel pauses in the doorway, just watching. He has the same blooming warmth in his chest that he feels whenever he watches Claire and Jack sleeping. The same sense of affection and fierce protectiveness. Except, when the children are asleep, Castiel is happy to leave them to their dreams. But with Dean, he wants nothing more than to kiss the man awake.
Castiel shrugs. “ Honestly, they’ve heard worse. But thank you for trying.” He watches Jack tilt the cup to his mouth, his own hand doing most of the work on the bottom half of the tumbler.
It’s very peaceful. Warm and sweet. Addictive, really. In this moment, there is literally nothing else Castiel wants more than to have this feeling every day for the rest of his life.
There’s a scramble around the nurses’ station. Pamela reaches the whiteboard first, writing a bold ‘ #3’ in purple dry erase in the right hand corner at the top of a pre-marked grid, then checks the ‘Exam Room’ box underneath. Alex is next, sweeping out of exam room two and adding a green checkmark next to Pamela’s.
And then, there’d been Inias. Castiel had been blindsided by the young man’s naive infatuation after only a few shared nights and his clumsy rejection had been met with a shaky smile and more understanding than Castiel felt worthy of. The heartbreaking sight of Inias fighting back tears had been more than enough to dampen Castiel’s desire for any further dating adventures. He stopped seeking out company and gently rebuffed any interest shown him. And happily made do with erotic fiction and his right hand. Risk free satisfaction.
“ Gonna have manly food. Watch some skin fliks. Tap a keg. The works.” Dean is still making faces at his nephew from across the room, even though he knows the infant can’t see him clearly. But Alex is gleefully reacting to Dean’s overdramatic voice, spitting and grunting and vocalizing in his new baby ways. It gives Dean endless joy to watch the tiny infant squirming in his seat, so many memories of Sammy coming back to him.
Dean’s barely stepped into the hall when he feels a grab for his pajama leg. Looking down, he finds Jack jogging along beside him. “ Dat hep Din, tay?”
Absently, Castiel pushes a hand under his opposite sleeve, fingers tracing the faint scars climbing up his arm. He’s afraid his sleep will be anything but peaceful tonight.
They wait quietly for a full two minutes until all the windows disappear behind a Matches Found pop up. “ Easy breezey, lemon squeezey.” Charlie mumbles happily as she expands the newest window. “ Obviously some of these will be employees, 'cause duh. And probably a few of our regulars. Pretty sure Frank is here more than any of us.”
It’s clumsy, but between them they manage to get their jeans below their crotches, tight around their thighs. Underwear remains untouched if only because Dean is now as entranced by his partner’s boxer briefs as Cas is of his panties. Though for an entirely different reason. Dean glances up questioningly. “ Not that I’m one to talk, but... reflector vest orange?”
Once they'd both managed to get over themselves (and Castiel still wonders at Dean’s initial flummoxing) it goes much smoother and Castiel is assured by the other man’s gentle bedside manner and dedication to his job. It is very obvious to Castiel that Dean loves his work and cares very much about his patients.
“ What?” Charlie elbows Benjamina back, but turns around, catching sight of Castiel in the doorway. “ Oh! Sorry, Cas. What’s up?”
Cain, obviously sensing his discomfort, takes pity on Castiel and removes the bag from the box and pulls the toy from its cardboard depths. It’s not a pleasant looking stuffed animal, though Castiel has enough of his wits to realize he might be prejudiced by the situation. Cain turns it over in his hands, facing it away from Castiel, and squeezes its middle.
“ That’s what Nurse Alex told Kaia and Patience and she’s a nurse so she knows ‘bout that stuff.” Claire explains, nonchalantly shoveling more scrambled eggs into her mouth, not bothering to swallow before nailing Dean with, “ An’yer a pedition s’you shoul’know, too.” A few bits of egg drop onto her plate.
“ On it.” Aaron fiddles with his phone for a moment. “ Let’s see what dark past she’s hiding. Or not hiding. Wow.” He tilts his phone for the others to see the Instagram photos for Ruby G. Cortese.
With that in mind, Castiel  moves forward in carefully measured steps, pressing Dean back until the man’s calves hit the side of the bed.  Dean drops immediately, sitting on the edge of the mattress, looking up at Castiel with those gorgeous lust laden eyes.
“ Are those excuses? You’re not interested in single parents or someone who just happens to have things going on in their lives they have no control over?” ”
Out of everything that happened, the deal with his tattoos had been the most exhausting. After Castiel had left with the kids, Sam had laughed about the Dory tattoo, ribbing Dean about how he’d told Sam he’d gotten it during a Disney induced drunken weekend, five years ago. Dean didn’t have to look at Cain to see the older man mentally doing the math and realizing the significance of the determined little fish inked onto Dean’s arm. Dean had walked Cain to his Jeep and Cain had given Dean a nice long hug and said he was proud of him and Dean had nearly busted out crying right then and there.
Not suspicious at all. Castiel remains rigid under the attention. He has an idea where this is going, but doesn't want to give Zachariah the satisfaction of playing along with his schemes. “ Thank you, sir.”
“ It’s a poker game, Gabriel. Children are not going to be welcome no matter how delightful they are.”
“ It’s fucking cute.” Jess has the last word as she plows through the donut holes, using her clean hand to rub the edge of the material between her fingers. “ Wow. Super soft.You want to put it on him now?  He’s finished eating and I know you want to hold him, so I’m not going to feel guilty.” She nails her husband with a very pointed look. “ And neither are you.”
Jack is freakin’ ecstatic. He puts both tiny hands on the big wheel and turns it as far as his short arms are capable. Which isn’t much, especially without power steering.
In contrast, Castiel’s side is rather plain. Over the past year, he has gathered his own set of shelves and bins, and a filing system. His desk is butted head to head with Garth’s, a piece of plywood wedged between to give them a bit of privacy; the top edge, at eye level, is carved into the silhouette of a Bavarian forest, and painted a muted dark green; the piece leftover from a long ago production of puppet-led fairy tales. It makes a nice backdrop to his desktop and multilayer paper trays. And a single framed photo of himself with Claire and Jack, taken by Garth at the library’s Harry Potter Yule Ball celebration. Claire’s smile is a bit subdued, her Gryffindor robes heavily sprinkled with glitter from an art project. Jack’s bright gummy grin shines out of his tiny Hufflepuff robes. Castiel had worn a Ravenclaw tie, in deference to the occasion, his own smile somewhere between the children’s.
Castiel feels like he should correct her language, but he also feels like Claire should be allowed to express herself as she wants. As long as she’s not being rude or insensitive. So he gets up and wanders to the window where the two children are still stationed. Cain is the only person he sees outside, long gray hair contained by a black bandana, busy lugging a box from the trailer hitched to his truck. They must already have the bigger pieces inside. “ Alright, then. Help me make a jug and we’ll bring it over.”
He hops the last two steps and lands with a crunch of gravel. Jess is standing near the cab of the truck, wide eyed surprise and laughter, a small girl with long Daenerys style braids wrapped around her legs.
Temporarily denied his view, Dean lets his sense of touch take over, smoothing his palms down the lean sides and back up to curve over those amazing shoulders and-- He pauses as his fingers encounter a slightly raised patch of skin, a line, along the back of Cas’ right shoulder. The scars. Dean had almost forgotten them since it became long sleeve weather; the long thin white lines scratching their way from the older man’s elbow and disappearing beneath the sleeves of his shirts.  Dean had no idea they extended so far up and still can’t imagine what would have caused the original injury.
“ We’re hitting up the grilled cheese truck! Woohoo! ” Jess pumps her fist in victory She rubs her baby bulge and shifts the tote bag on her shoulder. Dean is quick to take it and add it to his own load. Jess laughs, but lets him, both shuffling closer to the outer ring of the market where the food trucks are parked in the baking sun.
Playing has made him ten minutes late and Sam is standing outside near the front door when Dean pulls into the parking lot. Sam looks up from his phone, waving at Dean absently as he continues his conversation that looks work related and now Dean knows why Sam is taking it outside; Jess doesn’t do anything other than work emergencies outside the office. Dean pulls into his usual spot in a far corner, where he can see Baby through the windows but she’s out of the way of most of the traffic. He locks her up and circles around to check out the damage to the passenger door. Cas was right, Dean finding nothing but dirt when he swipes his fingers over the marks. He passes by his brother on his way inside, debating whether or not he should tell Jess about his impromptu client meeting in the lot.
Castiel sighs. He should have known better. If Jack decides to dig his heels in, as he’s been known to do, he will join forces with Claire and gang up on Castiel until they get the aforementioned puppy from some adult in their social circle. Think fast, think fast! “ Who wants to watch
lmao, he looks like a frat boy after a kegger. i just got alex down, had to pry him outta victorss arms this time. he’s a big ol softie
“ Och, it’s mad to start a relationship at any point in life, Tweetie Pie.” Rowena waves her hand in a dismissive gesture. “ Causes wrinkles.”
“ Oh, we’ve been getting along like a house afire. Right, E-Z baby?” Pamela grins sideways at her lover as she winks at Dean.
As expected, the moment they enter the room Jack is attempting to drag Claire toward the front where Rowena is sitting on a small stool with her books and props around her. Castiel picks the boy up, returns Rowena’s cheeky wave, and finds a spot on the floor near the back wall, promising Jack a personal meeting after the storytime. He carefully settles on the floor, his back against a row of cabinets (careful his wings aren’t bent awkwardly), Jack standing up beside him to keep his eye on Rowena. The goggles are now hanging out the top of his pumpkin.
“ I will, yes.” Cas nods in acknowledgment, smile widening as he places a warm hand on Dean’s arm. “ It’ll be okay.”
Castiel is watching the spinning color wheel on the screen as he eases himself onto the low stool. He waits for it to disappear and the familiar image of Charlie posing with some famous actress fills the space, then carefully gathers his words. “ If I show you some emails, could you tell me who sent them?”
Everyone is laughing by then, and Castiel has to admit that he’s missed this kind of easy human interaction. Adult interaction. Like having… friends. He lets Jack finish off the drink and holds his empty cup, waiting for a moment before standing to wash it out. It’s actually rather comfortable down here.
Meg grins as she drops into her seat and lets Castiel shut the door. She immediately rolls down the window and pokes her head out, glancing at Dean manually pulling open the garage door down the way. “  You deserve to be happy, Castiel.”
“ Gabriel.” The door snaps into place and Castiel swings it open and shut a few times to make sure it works properly.  Satisfied, he sets the playset upright and begins looking for the bag of plastic screws to secure the pieces together. It helps keep his flushed face downturned, away from his brother’s scrutiny.   “ I was swept up in it, at first. Then remembered what my life was like and turned him down. He was very understanding, and he’s been a perfect gentleman since. Even when… even when I’ve experienced a moment- or two- of weakness.”
This is fun. So much fun. Not that he doesn’t play with the children as often as he’s able, but there’s something very lighthearted about this all. It’s warm and carefree and the weight he carries around on his shoulders each and every day lightens considerably.
“ I know what you mean.” Dean smiles just as softly back and reclaims his seat on the other end of the couch. Jack immediately climbs into his lap. “ Okay, buddy. Definitely the jealous type.” He puts Jack in a loose headlock and rocks him side to side. “ So what are y’all doing for Christmas this year?”
Castiel smiles, despite his unease. “ They insisted we bring something back for you and Cain, though I doubt Cain would feel as though he was missing out if you wanted to eat both.”  At the end of the day, there had been few choices in the pastry case, but Claire had decided Cain would like an almond croissant and Jack had picked out a chocolate brownie for Dean.
So Castiel partially gives in to his impulse, crosses the room and carefully sits beside Dean, slipping his hand over the one Dean has resting on his thigh. “ Dean?”
“ It seemed to.” Castiel admits, pressing a kiss to Jack’s clammy forehead when he whimpers. “ But this morning he was so lethargic and his temperature was too high and I was afraid he might be having a reaction to the flu shot he received last week and--”
Everyone at the table, with the exception of Jack who is very much absorbed in building a waffles and strawberries tower, stares in various levels of wide eyed incredulity.
Castiel has learned there’s no way to deflect. He accepts the embrace and pats the young man’s back. “ I’m fine, thank you, Garth.” He smells of cheap laundry detergent and apple juice. It’s oddly comforting.
“ Uh huh.” Pamela makes a noise of agreement, sly smile still settled firmly on her face. She lifts her beer bottle and, thankfully, changes the subject. “ Think I’m gonna break out some Joan Jett tonight. How about you?”
Castiel quells the tiny spark of panic. Cain is right around the corner with people he trusts. He can’t keep the children hidden in fear, especially in their own yard.  Jack is just as enthusiastic about meeting their neighbors, dragging Castiel around the corner, bypassing the front porch and scrambling down the little hill toward the stone wall at the bottom of the drive.
The heat kicks on. Another spurt of fireworks far away. Dean’s steady even breaths. His own faint heartbeat.
Castiel stares wordlessly. At beautiful caring Dean who just risked his own safety to keep Castiel and the children safe. Who watched over the children while Castiel dealt with the issue to keep them from worrying. Who asks how Castiel is, instead of politely making his exit back to his disrupted evening.
Dean frowns. “ Totally forgot. Tell her I’ll be there in a second, I swear!” He waves as the young woman ducks back out of the room, door left open. Dean turns back to Castiel, smile growing wider and deepening the crow’s feet that make Castiel's’ heart twitch uncontrollably. “ So, yeah. Eventful appointment. It was good to meet you, Cas.” He sticks his hand out again, practically beaming when Castiel accepts it without hesitation.
Cain steps around Castiel and nudges him gently with an elbow as he passes. When Castiel looks up, the older man has the same expression as before, softened by a smile.
Castiel pauses, listening to a breathy mewl from Alex, before answering his daughter. “ I think so, too. Maybe one day he will be, but he’ll have lots of practice with Alex until then.”
“ I don’t think he’ll react badly.” Castiel sighs heavily, taking a moment to gather his thoughts. Because until now, he’s been trying not to dwell on it.
Cain takes it in stride, coming in to let the door shut behind him, and squatting down to be on level with the girl. “ I know and I completely understand. Thank you for your very prompt response.” His big paw carefully envelopes Claire’s tiny mitt and gives a very business like shake.
“ Hm.” Dean makes a thoughtful noise, makes a mental note to try that in his next shower, then rotates his wrist to wrap his fingers around Cas’ shaft outside the underwear. He quickly devolves into a slack jawed groan as Cas gently maneuvers the pink waistband down to catch snug under Dean’s balls.
“ I can’t live up to that, Meg! I don’t want him to feel… indebted to me, or whatever. The whole situation is awkward enough without a life debt thrown into the mix.”
“ Yeah, I’ll be back by then.” Dean grabs his keys from the basket near the back kitchen door and waves over his shoulder before stepping out into the heat.
He even double checks his spelling before sending it on its way. And then Dean busies himself with baking and cleaning and even an hour wiping down Baby to keep himself distracted from the silent phone in his back pocket.
“ You’re older. Fuck you,” Castiel jabs back. Then groans as he stretches his arms high above his head, working out the last bit of tightness in his back and shoulders. He’s been hunched over far too long, muscles protesting the strained position. Grabbing the glass from the coffee table, Castiel pads across the hardwood  to the kitchen tiles of the open floor plan, and rinses his glass in the sink. His body appreciates the movement, slowly loosening up with the motion and last of the whiskey.
It starts slowly, like always. They have a bit of a routine, mostly in place so they don’t get too crazy while the kids are around.  Arm over the shoulder. Holding hands. Touching thighs. Small kisses. Half an hour passes and they’re reasonably certain that Claire and Jack are asleep and they won’t be disturbed any time soon. Hopefully.
The kitchen is lit only by the light filtering in from the living room and the over-stove bulb. Dean finds his cup from earlier in the dish drainer and pours a glug of cold water from the fridge. He downs it in one swallow and stands aimlessly in the center of the open space, staring at his reflection in the darkened microwave. He looks stupidly happy, which is weird as fuck, really.  Dean shakes his head and washes his cup, again placing it in the drainer near the sink, before heading back to the couch.
Sam obviously chooses to ignore the old bit of logic. “I was thinking Jess and I could stay in a motel.”
Castiel and Gabriel have a few drinks, talk about Dean, and attempt to assemble, prep, and wrap a million presents. On Christmas Eve.
Dean toes off his shoes and throws himself onto his couch, leaving the light off so he can more easily see the view outside. And it makes for better moping.
There’s no leisurely clean up of the house and yard with Bobby and Ellen on Thursday. No movie marathons with Sam on Friday. No sleeping in on Saturday. No beer and barbecue on Sunday. No sitting in a rickety lawn chair with his bare feet in a crappy five dollar wading pool watching the neighbor kids shooting off fireworks on the other side of the treeline on Memorial Day.
“ So I phoned in the antibiotic prescription to the pharmacy you have on file and they should have them ready within an hour. Basic amoxicillin, a seven day supply to make sure we get rid of it for good. Lots of fluids and rest. He’ll be good as new in no time.”
Castiel stands and moves behind Charlie to better see the pictures. This Ruby is apparently quite the party girl. Most of the photos are of the young woman dressed to kill, drink in hand, mingling with equally well dressed young people, the backgrounds a rotating mix of clubs, parties, and foreign skylines. He remains silent as Aaron swipes through the timeline.
Jack is pulling hard on the end of his ear of corn, the silk coming out in little fistfuls. He stares at the strands in his fingers before watching them fall to the floor, then repeating the entire process. Shockingly, he doesn’t try to eat them. Castiel smiles and plucks an ear from the bowl, sliding his fingernail under the green edge and digging down until he can neatly rip the tough husk apart. The noise captures Jack’s attention and the round blue eyes are rapt, following every movement of Castiel’s hands, his own corn forgotten in his lap.
“ Okay, yeah. I just wanted to nail him with something. I hate that creep.” Charlie gives a full body shudder. “ Anyway, I’ll run all the timestamps, narrow it down to her image. See if it matches.”
Jess laughs outright and Sam snorts into his beer. Dean ignores them thoroughly and wonders if it would be weird to bring over a pie tomorrow night.
Castiel smiles sweetly as he addresses his immature older brother. “ We’re going to watch a movie. Have fun with Kali.” He hangs up in the middle of Gabriel’s defeated shout and turns back to Dean. “ I’ll heat up the lasagna. ”
Dean laughs and pulls away, slowly getting to his feet (rueful face as his knees pop very loudly). “ Being annoying is how he shows he cares.” He holds his hand out to help Castiel up. “ Big brothers do that.”
Then Castiel is nudging Dean back, forcing the younger man to clumsily scoot backward along the bed as Castiel crawls over him, maintaining fierce eye contact the entire time. Dean’s head hits the pillow and Castiel pauses, hovering. There are so many things he wants to do right now, it’s nearly overwhelming. He takes a small breath, watches how Dean’s eyes are trained on his lips. Sliver of green circling blown pupils shadowed by the longest lashes. Castiel shifts more of his weight to his knees and one arm, lifting his free hand to lightly trace the lines of Dean’s face, over his throat (Adam’s apple bobbing and Castiel vows to suck a mark there before the night is over), collarbones, pentagram tattoo (a gentle kiss over the darkening mark he left earlier).
“ No, uh, not really, but my father didn’t make it,” Dean waves off Castiel’s quiet,” I’m sorry,” and taps his forehead. “ I got away with a bad concussion and fractured leg. Someone, uhm, someone pulled me out, got me clear. “ He laughs and rucks up his left shirt sleeve to his shoulder, exposing the tattoos.
Castiel sighs again. He should have told Dean first, before making this call. He doesn’t bother tilting his mouth away from the phone as he speaks to the man now facing him. “ I’m sorry, Dean, but Meg is sick so I can’t go tonight.”
He’s stayed late enough times to know the Novak-Kline bedtime routine. It’s actually incredibly clever. Once they read a couple books together, Cas gives Jack his bath while Claire reads on her own, then while Claire is in the bath, Cas puts Jack down. Luckily for Cas, both kids seem like good sleepers. To Dean, at least. Jack goes down easy, so Cas is back in the bathroom right as Claire is getting into the tub. Cas has admitted to Dean that he’s uncertain when he should stop assisting his daughter with bath time as she gets older, his justified concern with slip-and-falls warring with his fear of impropriety. Dean has assured Cas that Claire will happily kick him out of the bathroom when she’s good and ready to be on her own. For now, Dean is impressed with Cas’ personal compromise which has him sitting on the closed toilet lid, facing the door, waiting for Claire to ask for assistance.
forced to listen to Claire and Jack enthusiastically wax poetic about Dean’s many positive attributes as Meg grins unapologetically at him above their heads.
It had scared Castiel, that strong wave of desperate fear at the thought of walking back into his living room to find it empty. He’s still nervous about it, despite his trust in Dean. And Dean… Dean had made Claire’s night, her week, with the gadget that Castiel knows isn’t cheap and is definitely not a toy. But it had brought such comfort to Claire that Castiel didn’t have the heart to deny the gift.
As his children bombard Dean, Castiel selects a photo of Sam, Jess, and Alex. A photo of Alex deadpanning the camera. And both photos of Dean and Alex. He texts them to his phone and carefully puts Dean’s phone onto the kitchen table for him to retrieve once he’s freed himself from the krakens - going by Claire’s instructions to Jack involving tentacles- attached to his legs.
Dean barely feels the congratulatory slap on the back as he makes his way around the other party goers- some noticing his flight and Sam quickly stepping in to explain- and heads to the door where his coat and boots are waiting.
“ It’s very frustrating,” Castiel agrees. He manages to snuggle another inch closer, tangling their feet together under the extra weight of the comforter at the end of the bed. The blackout curtains at the windows are doing their job admirably, a mere hint of high watt security light making it into the bedroom, just enough for Castiel to make out the vague outline of Dean’s facial features, the shine of his eyes and the momentary lack when the younger man blinks.  Castiel has a completely irrational urge to touch the long eyelashes he knows are there but can’t see in the darkness. “ But I don’t mind. We could talk until we drift off, if you’d like.”
Castiel wonders, very briefly,  what other information Alex is passing along to her younger adopted siblings, but instead turns his attention to saving Dean from Claire’s precociousness. “ I’m sure Dean is also aware of how contagious mononucleosis is. Just as I’m sure Nurse Alex also told Kai and Patience about the more common ways mono is transmitted, especially among children and teens. How else can you catch mono, Claire ?” He waits patiently for Claire to fill in the blanks, her sharp, if somewhat selective, memory always surprising him.
Both children are staring up at Rowena in complete awe. Even Castiel finds himself swept up in the drama. When the woman opens her hands, Castiel sees a square Mega Blok printed to look like a chocolate chip cookie and a bracelet made from dozens of small colorful rubber bands. Rowena smilingly hands the block to Jack who thanks her and tucks it into the kangaroo pocket of his hoodie for safe keeping. Claire accepts her bracelet like one being knighted, complete with a curtsey and Rowena is happy to play along with her own bow. She stares at the strands of rubber around her wrist for several seconds then jolts upright as though remembering something. “ May I get one for Dr. Jess’ baby?”
The file is in one hand, his other on the knob when Alex knocks her shoulder against his arm and motions for him to bend down. Dean frowns but does as instructed, hoping Alex isn’t going to scream in his ear or something equally juvenile and he really needs to stop being so suspicious of people. It’s all Sam’s stupid pranking ass fault.
Castiel chuckles. He stares blearily at the keyboard, attempting a reply, but a new text comes in before he can get anything typed.
“ As soon as the paperwork gets back.” Jess answers after a big swallow of food. There’s a smidge of jelly on her chin that Sam swipes off with his thumb. “ We’re both cleared and the pediatrician’s finished up Alex’s paperwork, but Dr. Ramdeen had an emergency call early this morning, so she hasn’t gotten around to my papers yet.” She slurps half her coffee up.
The stoic man nods over his bowl of gumbo. Dean wonders how the hell their relationship works when one can’t see and the other rarely speaks. Or maybe that’s
Claire nods in satisfaction at the exchange and glances between the two men. “ Do you have grown up things to talk about?” Obviously angling to join in.
Cas apparently sees it, as well, because his grin is about as wide as Dean’s ever seen it. When he gets his breath back, Dean carefully shifts Alex against him, letting the baby recline back against his stomach and chest, chubby cheeks facing out toward their visitors. “ Jack, this is Alex. Say hi.”
and continues, “ Dr. Ramdeen finished your paperwork. It is signed, filed, and official. We are now legally booting you from the premises.”
But, despite the clenched jaw and obviously sensitive gag reflex, Dean is still grinning. He steps closer to Jack, offering up his shirt for Jack to vomit directly into, and keeping the small boy from falling from the exam bench. “ Trashcan?” He tilts his head to the side, to the metal canister sitting by the door. Jack ejects another wave of bile.
“ I’d say it’s nothing physically harmful, only because Nicholas- and I’m certain it’s his doing- wouldn’t want to chance injuring Jack.”
“ For now,” Rowena affirms. Claire and Jack have orbited closer as the adults have spoken, standing a polite distance away and watching Ezekiel with a morbid fascination. Rowena pets each on the head and promises to see them at next week’s storytime. She tosses a mischievous smile over her shoulder to Castiel and saunters back down the main hall toward the Children’s Area.
“ Well,” Cas slowly makes his way to the other side of Dean’s face, leaving small kisses in his wake. “ I’m thinking about how much I want to worship every inch of your body until you completely come apart beneath me.” When he reaches the opposite ear, Cas drops his head to Dean’s shoulder and sighs heavily. “ But I’m literally going to fall asleep standing up if I don’t get to a bed soon.”
It lasts another two glorious seconds before Jack leans over Castiel’s arm and throws up all over Dean’s shirt.
“ I’ve already gotten the spiel, thanks.” Meg cuts him off, waving her hand in dismissal. She reclines back into the pillowed corner like a queen on her throne. A perfectly manicured nail taps lightly on the back of the couch, her brow arching sharply. “ Just tell him. I seriously doubt, with all I’ve heard about him already, that he’s going to flip out on you.”
Cain hesitates for the barest second, averting his eyes, before he contradicts Dean’s suspicions. “ I did, yes.” A hint of what Dean can only identify as shame washes over Cain’s features. “ I shouldn’t have, but…” That clear blue gaze comes back to meet Dean’s eyes. “ But in that moment, you were warm and soft and you wanted me. And I’d wanted you for quite a while. Definitely not my proudest moment.”
He’d known. The moment he agreed to come to Dean’s bed, Castiel knew he’d have to decide to take off his shirt. Or not. To lie about the scars. Or not.
“ I need some tough little fingers to husk some ears of corn. I think Jack and Daddy will have a good time with that.” He sets the boy on the floor and places a large plastic bowl full of corn in his lap. Dean winks at Castiel, then turns to Claire. “ And a big girl to help me pat out the burgers.”
Her face is dead serious and Dean snorts. He glances up at Cas to gauge his reaction to the offer, the other man seems exasperated but not ready to interfere. Yet. “ Know what? I’ll let you borrow it anytime you want after tonight, as long as your dad says it’s okay. And,” he reaches out to drop one sticker into her pumpkin and retrieve one peanut butter cup from her hand. “ I’ll do it for the bargain price of just one of these and a high-five.”
Castiel stares over the kitchen bar, watching Gabriel sort through the as yet untampered with gifts for his next victim. It’s a very domestic scene, very heartwarming. His older brother helping with presents, the tree sparkling nearby, quiet jazz instrumentals of Christmas classics playing on the speakers. It still smells like the gingerbread cookies they made after dinner.  Last Christmas, everything had still been too new, too uncertain. He and the children are settled now, the horrible events, not forgotten, but faded. Castiel feels as though he’s going to enjoy this Christmas, despite Nick’s most recent attacks.
Dean grabs the large iced coffee and holds it out to Sam. “ Trade again.”  Sam takes the plastic cup and Dean gleefully takes the swaddled infant from Sam’s shoulder. He maneuvers Alex into his arms to cradle gently against his chest. For his part, Alex stares up sleepily and melts Dean’s heart all over again.” Hey, buddy. How’s it going?”  Alex opens his mouth in a silent yawn. Dean feels like his heart is about to burst. “ Yeah, me too.” He glances at Sam and Jess, both dressed to go,  both now slumped in the hospital bed with their snacks. “ Bet Mommy and Daddy are ready for a nap, too.”
“ Jack, we have got to get some sleep tonight because I think I’m legitimately losing my mind.” Cas presses another kiss into the damp blonde hair and Jack snuggles closer.
to the ongoing birthday list he keeps on his cellphone. Jack’s list is mostly building toys and books.
Frank is hiding in his corner with his laptop and science journals, muttering about Romans and processing plants. In the opposite corner where the floor to ceiling windows allow for maximum reading light, Marv is settled into an upholstered easy chair with a stack of global fairytales. Alicia and Max are clearing away their study items from a large table near Marv’s reading corner, the college students ready for a lunch break and possibly an afternoon at their mother’s new age shop in the downtown Hunters Hollow. Chuck has temporarily abandoned his usual post, a cluttered single person desk directly across from the adult desk against the far window wall, and is wandering the non-fiction aisles.
Oh! Jack almost forgot to wash his hands!  He puts his stool in front of the sink. The sink is very high so Jack stands on his very tippy toes and pushes the shiny handle and waits for the water to get warm and one, two, three...four soap squishes from the bottle. This soap smells like clean things. His bath soap smells like strawberries. But the sink soap makes bigger bubbles.
But still, Castiel is happy to leave the cacophony of tired and hungry children and vapid caregiver conversations for the low hum of the adult side. He logs out of the computer and leaves Garth to handle the dwindling number of questions as patrons leave for lunches and nap times.
Frustrated, Dean snaps his head toward the wide hallway that leads to the Children’s Area. Jess emerges around the corner first, walking even more awkwardly than usual, both hands cradling her large stomach. Slightly pained expression on her face. Sam is right behind her, hands steadying at her back, face a familiar blank that does nothing to hide the terror going on behind his eyes.
“ It’s okay, Jack. Accidents happen.” Dean ruffles Jack’s hair with his other hand, smiling down reassuringly at the little boy. “ Hey, how come you got two shirts on? You hot natured?” Completely ignoring his own layers, of course.
“ That works. Let’s go.” Claire is already tugging carefully on Jack’s arm, getting him to leave off his intense study of the goggles Dean gave him and get his feet moving down the hall. The oversized proton pack slaps against her calves with every step.
Cas looks like he wants to say something else, but Claire’s small voice comes through the speaker again and he bolts out of the room.
So Jack tears off another teeny tiny little piece of paper and drops it into the big potty.  It turns yellow, too. And sticks to the other piece of paper. This is fun!
Cas snatches up the monitor and presses the speaker button. “ I’m right here, Claire-Bear. I’m coming, promise. You’re safe, sweetheart.” Cas flinches and fumbles when he stands. He drops the monitor onto the couch, grabbing his sweatshirt, and heads toward the hallway. He’s just got his head and one arm through the right holes in his shirt when he turns on a fucking dime and nails Dean with a determined look edged with fear. “ Don’t go. Please.”
There’s a lot of hugging and kissing going on. He’s even tugged into a few that he mindlessly returns with a fake smile plastered onto his face as his brain spins wildly to come up with a reply to Cas’ confession. He’s staring at the wall of text he’s typed into his messenger, deleted and retyped several times over. But nothing seems right. Nothing is enough. Words suck.
But then Dean, holding his unblinking gaze, licks those sinfully beautiful lips and grumbles, “ Show off.”
Dean flops onto his back, releasing a resigned huff of air. “ Yeah, yeah, just… give me, like, half an hour.”
Dean frowns. “ What? Why?” He turns his curious frown onto Cas who is still on the couch behind them.
Dean eyes the height/weight numbers on his chart, confirming what he sees before him; that Jack is definitely bigger than the average 27-month-old. “ Did that help at all?”
At that exact moment, Cas drops a hand to cup the thick length outlined under Dean’s jeans, and squeezes firmly.  “Fuck.” Dean lurches back on Cas’ lap, face twisted in frustration, a hefty dose of self-directed irritation. He hopes the edge of fear is thoroughly hidden by his scowl.
Castiel grunts in response but refuses to unwrap himself from around the warm body he’s spooning. Being the big spoon brings a goofy smile to his face. But he still won’t open his eyes, despite the insistent buzz of his phone.
“ Remember what?” Dean reaches out for a muffin with his free hand, carefully placing the candle to the side of his bowl. The first bite causes a moan deep in his throat. Just the right amount of sweetness in the butter melted on top. It distracts him from the candle for a few seconds.
Dean smiles, then pulls his goggles off to hand to Jack, not wanting to start a scuffle over any perceived favoritism. The boy accepts the gift with a nod and his usual laser focus. Dean jerks his gaze up to Cas. Cas is gazing back, an understanding smile on his face. Dean digs around in the pocket of his baggy coveralls, searching for his car keys, but he maintains eye contact. “ You get the kids into storytime and be safe on the way home, okay?”
, opening his door to let Claire hop out. Jack sees this alternative route and lunges for it before Cas can grab hold of him. Dean is tempted to make a Wooderson joke, but he figures his audience is a bit young for the reference and instead boops Jack’s nose as he holds onto him until Cas exits the passenger door and circles the car to claim them.
A few retirees with their newspapers in the easy chairs, the usual characters checking their dating profiles and recipes blogs at the computer bank, a steady stream of storytime attendees streaming toward the exit.
Inside the safety of his bedroom, Castiel debates whether or not to lock the door. He doubts there will be any more disturbances, at least not until Jack most likely wakes up in a few hours. But he also doesn’t think he’ll be cognizant enough to remember to unlock it after he and Dean are finished… doing whatever they choose to do tonight. He shuts it, without locking; a perfectly acceptable compromise.
they’d been heckling and crosses to stand behind Cain’s chair, looking over the his shoulder. The security camera grid is up, quickly replaced by a full screen of the camera at the gate. The security lights make the playback footage daylight bright. A small dark colored car pulls in, a person gets out of the driver side with a large white plastic bag- like a garbage bag- and hangs it on the spiked top of the gate.  Dean squints at the screen, trying to make out more of the driver’s face, but a ballcap pulled low  prevents him seeing anything more than a bit of chin and ear.
Cas murmurs a quiet, “ Hold hands,” to the kids before looking back up to Dean. The antennae sway back and forth above his rueful expression. “ It just seems like so much…
He stays in step with Meg’s shorter stride all the way to her driver side door, hefting the heavy bag of leftovers from his shoulder to her back seat once she gets it open. When Castiel looks back up, Meg has her mouth open, ready to grill him again, he’s certain.
While his daughter turns on the television, Castiel regains himself and approaches Dean much as Claire had. He squats down near Dean’s head, glancing up once as Cain joins the children on the couch. Then all his focus is on the teary green eyes below him.
Dean is nothing but understanding, nodding enthusiastically, backing up slowly toward the driver side door. “ Yeah, yeah. I should get to bed, too.” He glances back at his darkened windows.
Dean nods, brain ticking off his checklist before he makes a diagnosis. “ Okay, so Jack definitely has an ear infection, left ear and the beginnings of one in the right. But since he’s basically been exposed to the virus from the shot and being in here- sad fact, lots of kids catch stuff from waiting rooms despite precautions- so I’m gonna do a swab and check for influenza too, just to completely rule that out before I prescribe antibiotics.”
“ As soon as I gathered my wits together, yes. I forced some physical distance between us. Which, unfortunately, hurt your feelings, and rightly so.”
I want more in this moment than to lay you out on my bed and touch every beautiful inch of you until you completely fall apart under me.”
“ I love this song!” Claire shouts at the television, very familiar with the tune. She pushes off the couch and begins jumping up and down, mostly in rhythm, shaking her wild hair all over, singing very off key.
“ Thank you, Dean. We appreciate the kindness.” Castiel braces Jack with his forearm, hand on his knee, then holds out his free hand for another shake that he is certainly not looking forward to in any inappropriate way.
He has no worries about Jack’s response. The boy is currently sharing his nibbled on strawberry tops with Dean.
, Dean has a lap full of Jack. He’d barely even noticed how long the toddler has been solidly situated in his lap, the little head resting against his chest as Jack’s hands randomly pat and scratch at Dean’s jeans. Dean tries to lean down enough to see if Jack’s eyes are actually closed, but can’t quite make it. So instead he gently jiggles his legs, lightly bouncing his thighs. “ You asleep?”
Dean makes a big production over what part of the tart he wants for himself, hemming and hawing until Jack points out, “ Iss allda same, Din.” Dean laughs so hard his eyes are watering, Cas is reduced to snorts. Finally, Dean gets himself back together and divides the dessert between the four small plates Cas provides. Claire scoops some vanilla bean ice cream onto each and Cas passes them around.
“ Din! GowifDin!” Jack continues to make his opinions known loudly and at high frequency. “ GOOO! WIIIF! DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN!”
Complying swiftly, after a smile and kiss, Castiel leans back onto his heels again. He undoes his top button. Dean follows, sitting up and bringing his other hand to Castiel’s zipper. Castiel stares at Dean’s bent head as he slowly pulls the zip down, metal teeth disconnecting with a low buzz. It doesn’t take long to divest himself of his jeans and boxer briefs, though there is some awkward shuffling and he almost falls over trying to get his last foot out of the leg hole. But soon enough, he’s left in nothing but a smile. Dean smiles back and Castiel lowers them both back down to the comforter and pillows.
Called out sick today because I was sick, but also because I needed to finish this between my drugged naps.  Reminder/clarification: Jack is four months away from being three-years-old. Many thanks to everyone who reads, kudos, and comments!!!
hoodie (from a charity campaign headed by one of her favorite voice actors), galaxy print skirt, and polka dot leggings. Castiel lets Jack choose between a green dinosaur sweater and an orange dinosaur sweatshirt. Jack wants to wear them both and Castiel eventually gives in, slipping the sweatshirt over Jack’s head and tying the sleeves of the sweater around his little waist. He knows Jack simply wants to show them both to Dean and how can he deny his son when he feels the same way most days?
“ Yes, I could see that.” Rowena replies sweetly. “ But I could mostly see the way you two were sputtering like twelve-year-olds with first crushes.”
He hasn’t met his immediate neighbors yet, their schedules don’t seem to align very well. Dean isn’t worried though, he knows Cain wouldn’t set him up in a place that has rowdy kids and careless renters.
“ How was Gabriel’s?” Dean blinks some drizzle from his lashes, shifting his other two bags more comfortably.
Cain nods, and replies in his dry tone, “ I believe it was the only thing keeping you from falling off the car.”
“ Because we have none of our own,” interjects Aaron from the other side of the room, head still down, earbuds still in place.
“ Of course, yeah!” Dean is hanging his damp coat on the hooks by the door. He grins so brightly, slapping Cas on the back. “ You’re family, man.”
When it was all over, when they both realized that a year of playing house- no matter how peaceful and happy- wasn’t what Dean actually needed in his life at that moment, Lisa had told him she understood. That it was okay. But that Ben deserved better. And Dean agreed. Just like he’d silently agreed at the beginning to go along with Lisa’s lie about Ben’s father. Because Dean knew the truth and he still couldn’t bring himself to challenge her on it. To even be mad about it. It wasn’t his right.
Castiel tightens his embrace, noses into the soft spot just under Dean’s ear. “ You were afraid I would call it all off for them.”
Cas maintains eye contact as he smooths over Dean’s slight pudge, squeezing lightly and Dean feels like he should be embarrassed about his lack of a well defined six-pack, but the way Cas massages over his soft middle is actually getting Dean off as much as the intense eye-sexing.
blushing. Castiel had wondered about the extra warmth under the scruff. He smiles, small but genuine, and decides to move through what could possibly be an awkward moment of emotional vulnerability for the younger man. Stepping away, Castiel pulls the bag of honey candy from his pocket and hands it over to Dean, before shrugging out of the trench coat. “ They can each have one, if they’re still awake.”
“ Oh, well, I decided to give the loving couple some First Christmas Family time with Alex, so I’m just gonna stay here, eat lots of junk food, and binge
“ You needed some distraction,” Cas replies simply. He shrugs, sliding his palms down, thumbs resting over the gentle curve of his belly above the panties. “ I needed some distraction. You’re a distraction.”
Cas actually looks away, cheeks pink with embarrassment. “ You haven’t re-read it in quite some time, have you?”
“ Dean is out tonight, remember? Visiting Dr. Jess and Mr. Sam and Alex.” The other man deserves to go out, to relax with his family and friends, and Castiel doesn’t want to worry him, to make Dean come rushing home to help. Expect he really does, and that’s a problem he’ll deal with later. Instead, Castiel turns up the radio a smidge- an annoyingly infectious pop song for the children’s enjoyment- and sends a text to Cain.
Dean brightens his smile and gestures for the man- Castiel- to sit. “ Awesome name. An angel, isn’t it?”
Less than ten minutes pass before Dean is knocking on the cabin door then sticks his hands back into his pockets to protect them from the cold wind. The handles of the tote bag hang off his wrist. He’s barely waiting three seconds before the door swings open and Cain is stepping back to allow Dean entry. Inside smells of woodsmoke, spicy stew, and something sweet simmering on the stovetop. Homey comfort. Dean sets the tote on a nearby chair as he strips off his gloves and shoves them into his pocket before unzipping his coat and hanging it on one of the pegs near the door.
Firmly decided, again, Dean sips at his water and hopes he can get through the rest of the evening without anymore intrusive matchmaking.
Jack reaches up to carefully investigate the curl sticking up on his crown and flashes Castiel the brightest grin. “ Tane you! Taire! Taire, see m’air!” He scrambles up and runs after Claire to show off his new look.
Cas frowns, but even in Dean’s giddy state he can see the happiness in those blue eyes. The older man follows Claire and Jack as they run-walk toward Dean’s station near the front circulation desk. Dean squats down, two
Castiel folds his thumb over the digits, stroking lightly. “ As long as you don’t ask if I’ve read any good books lately, we can talk about anything.”
Castiel pulls into his drive, parking under the carport. Dean is standing at the door, as Cain’s text had promised. Reading that text, knowing Dean would be there, had eased Castiel’s anxiety just enough to finish his own cup of hot chocolate, gone luke warm and previously ignored, as he waited for the signal to return home.
Meg’s tone is much more sympathetic. “ I know. Just promise me you won’t stew over it like you do. You’re not responsible for this guy, no what’s happened or how hot he is.”
Pamela turns her beaming smile back onto Dean, her sightless eyes nailing his gaze. “ See. So what about you?”
“ Hey, Sam and Jess really appreciated the package you got them.” Dean knows his brother and sister-in-law have sent Cas thank you texts, but he’d like to re-enforce the gratitude for the tote bag of Jack’s barely used hand-me downs and two packs of gourmet coffee for the new parents. “ I’ve got a few outfits here, for emergency changes. Cute as hell.”
“ Yes,” Castiel confirms. “ I would have come to you sooner, otherwise. It was easier to ignore when I was the only target.”
Dean is already on his way to the bedroom, stifling a chuckle and embracing the swell of warmth in his chest even as he fishes around in his back pocket for the little white tile he’d forgotten about having.  The kids’ bedroom door is open, faint light spilling inside to give Dean a clear view of Cas kneeling at the side of Claire’s bed, the little girl’s arms wrapped around his neck. “ Hey, little lady,” he calls softly, stepping inside. “ My ears are burning. You been talking ‘bout me?” A glance at Jack’s railed bed shows the toddler still fast asleep.
“ Suck. No surprise visits,” Jess whines from the other side, her arm stuck out of the open wide window. Both windows are fully lowered, Cain’s truck not having any working A/C to speak of.
“ Yeah, I can get them ready for bed. No problem.” Dean responds absently, still seething over the ineptitude of the justice system and the toll it’s taking on his close friends. His family, now.
Dean knows the location. Its near the I-40 ramp in a weirdly well off area that Sam has mentioned has been growing rapidly over the past couple of decades. Dean’s hit it up a few times on his way to the interstate. He types back an affirmative reply and only hits send after deleting a smiley face emoji quickly followed by a coffee emoji and finally settles on a colon and right parentheses. Like the dork he is.
Dean gives two manly pats to Cain’s back and pulls away, avoiding eye contact for the first second before getting out, “ I’ll text you this week.”
Dean watches, fascinated, as the expressions pass over Cas’ face as he slowly jacks him off.  Normally, Cas’ emotions are displayed in small ways. Tiny twitches of his fingers and crinkling around his eyes and quirk of his lips. Subtle. But here, giving himself over to the pleasure Dean is happily giving, the older man’s face is a blatant display of desire, of pleasure. Cas squeezes his eyes shut and flings them wide open again to stare into Dean’s with naked want. Cas grips Dean’s shoulders hard enough to leave bruises and then ghosts a single finger down the bridge of Dean’s nose. Cas’ body tenses on each upstroke and melts on the descent.
“ Thanks, Jack. These are my favorite.” Dean is beaming at the little boy, and a glance up at Cas’ soft expression causes a blush to crawl across his face. Better get that under control real quick. He tweaks the red felt rooster’s comb on Jack’s head and stands back up, stretching out the kink in his back. The homemade pack isn’t heavy, but it is awkward if he’s not standing up straight. He gives Cas a wide grin because he has the most awful pick up line about bees and honey screaming in his head but he’s not gonna be an ass like that. So instead, Dean says, “ Staying sane?”
He slams on his brakes and throws his emergencies the moment he gets around the bend. A tanker truck is jack knifed across both lanes, tail end still propped on the raised median. It is, luckily, not the source of the flames. No, that would be the vehicle flipped upside down and partially pinned beneath the tanker.
He’s halfway home when his phone signals him again, several times in a row, Dean flinching at the sudden motion in his pocket. Slight vibration between the muffled booms of holiday fireworks. He won’t text and drive, especially on a drinking holiday on dark rural roads. But he’s missing Cas’ texts. Dean hasn’t texted back in over an hour and there’s no telling what negative conclusions Cas is jumping to right now. So Dean presses his foot a little harder against the gas pedal and steers Baby home under the colorful explosions lighting the night sky in honor of the new year.
“ Cool.” Dean plops down onto the rolling stool and opens the laptop on the low counter. He takes the long moments of passwords and page loading to get a more solid grip on himself. Yes, Castiel is stupidly attractive. Yes, Castiel’s blue eyes make him squirmy. But Jack is obviously miserable and needs Dean’s full attention. The boy’s file appears onscreen and Dean matches the information to what's in the hardcopy in his hand. He has his notes, but Dean’s found it’s always best to hear the details straight from the source. “ Okay, Castiel. Tell me what’s going on with Jack-Jack here.”
“ On what grounds?” Ruby laughs outright. She gives Castiel a smug look. “ We both know you don’t want to out your little geek friend back there. And you need something more substantial than he said/she said to even suspend my library privileges, much less any legal action. Again, unless you want the authorities to know about Red’s extracurricular activities?”
Alex mewls softly. Dean accepts it as a yes. “ Awesome. I’m gonna be the coolest uncle you’ve ever had, big man.”
Castiel takes a moment to let that sink in. In Castiel’s experience, Cain is not the most trusting of people. There’s a reason the entire property is fenced and lighted and under constant surveillance.  It was one of the deciding factors in moving here. And Castiel honestly believes in Cain’s determination to protect him and his family. The older man had taken to Claire and Jack as quickly as the children had become enamored of him. As for this possible tenant, well, the only other person Castiel has ever heard Cain speak so highly of is his deceased wife, Colette.
Charlie is leaning against a tall filing cabinet just inside the room, dejectedly banging her forehead against the upper drawer. Castiel gently pulls her away, turning her to face him. She lifts her begging puppy eyes to him and asks in a pleading voice, “ Was it really bad? Did I, like, totally blow it?”
“ Hold on!” Jess’ voice calls from inside. A moment later, the door swings open and Dean is surprised by Jess, not Sam, standing on the other side. The woman instantly spots the DD and relieves Dean of the drink carrier. “ Knew I married the wrong brother.”
Castiel grins, idly poking through the tote he sets on the edge of Charlie’s very clean and organized desk, the eye of the pop culture memorabilia storm of her office. This bag is mostly tunics of various sizes and colors. LARPing isn’t something Castiel is particularly into, but he certainly understands its appeal, especially with the teens Charlie works with. It’s simply a more active escapism than his own preferred method of reading.“ I’m glad for that. I know Kevin and Krissy have been very excited to get started. And Becky has nearly exhausted our catalogue of medieval romances for her
“ Fuck. One thing at a time Dean.” Cas practically growls, his hips also bucking under Dean’s weight. “ There’s not enough blood flow to properly process the fantasies that just wiped out all my higher brain functions at that new piece of information.”
Dean plays over it gently, feeling out its width and length and texture. It’s about the thickness of his thumb, thicker than the lines further down, quite possibly the origin point. Tiny imperfections, indentations in the flesh, speak of ragged wounds and stitches. Crossing the back of Cas’ shoulder, there are numerous lines branching off down his back, down the length of his arm.
Garth’s side is an explosion of color and textures. It reminds Castiel a bit of a toy shop’s backroom. Stacks of papers and folders in no perceivable order, sheets of stickers poking out, various office supplies scattered everywhere but the carpet. In the spaces in between, games and toys for children’s programming, games and toys that are personal to Garth. And occupying the place of honor next to his laptop, slipped over a latex hand-shaped sex toy given as a gag gift last Christmas, is Garth’s beloved sock puppet, Mr. Fizzles.
“ ‘Cause you love each other,” Claire concludes, slurping up her chocolate milk through a wildly colored crazy straw.
Dean makes quick work in the bathroom; take a leak, wash his face, brush his teeth, lotion his dry hands. Quick whore’s bath with baby wipes because he wants to be clean and smell good even if they aren’t going to bump-n-grind tonight. And he’s pretty sure there’s not going to be any real hanky panky because they’re both exhausted, physically and emotionally, and this is, like, not even a first date. Is it? Dean supposes all the other times they’ve had together could be considered first dates. They’ve spent a lot of time together since Dean moved into the apartment.
Cain hands the stuffed animal over to Dean who takes it by the middle, squeezing, and the cold air is suddenly filled with a loud roar. Dean nearly drops the thing and Cain is startled enough to grip the box so hard the handle rips.
They both stand and clear their places of trash before leaving the store. Dean holds the door open for Cain, he has no idea why except that Cain always used to hold the door for him when they were together. The sun is higher, hence the temperature has risen into the high eighties and the humidity is practically visible in the air. Dean’s t-shirt is already damp under his arms. They walk towards the edge of the parking lot, Cain making a broad gesture toward an old brown Jeep parked a few spots away from Baby.  Dean automatically leans left toward the Jeep and they continue in companionable silence until they reach the Jeep’s driver’s side door. Cain pulls his keys free from his pocket and turns to Dean.
“ I’m not matchmaking here,” Sam begins, feeling only mildly reprimanded by his wife. “ I just think they’d be good for each other. In a completely platonic way.”
To be honest, he greatly enjoys assisting the youngest patrons. They are straightforward in their requests and very often much more polite than their accompanying adults. The children have insightful questions and genuine enthusiasm when sharing their daily adventures with Castiel and even the infants seem to find something worthy in him if their wide eyed stares and toothless grins are anything to judge by.
Pamela points her spoon at him with eerily accurate aim, milky white eyes flickering over his face in a very convincing mimicry of sight. “ You’ve got that glow about ya and you ain’t even said his name yet.”
The desk phone rings, shaking Castiel from his thoughts and nearly causing him to knock his waterbottle over. He rights the bottle and takes a breath before answering the phone, scribbling out a reminder on a nearby post-it note to seek out Charlie on Monday.
Jess is only a stall ahead, Dean can see her curly blonde hair and rainbow printed tank top. Dean sidles up behind her, clutching his paper bag because it’s too crowded for him to maneuver it into his duffle. His head is filled with a mild buzzing, thoughts and emotions tumbling along unchecked.
An hour later and most of the pizza is gone, Jess going slice for slice with Dean. She’s sprawled happily on the couch watching her husband and brother-in-law hookup Dean’s multiple entertainment electronics.
“ You can text us whenever you’d like while we’re at Gabriel’s, Dean,” Castiel assures him. “ It’s a bit of a free-for-all with no set schedule. Other than no one’s allowed to get out of bed before seven am.”
Castiel nods to Dorothy and Benjamina ( who are both grinning madly) and ducks back into the workroom, shutting the door quietly behind him. Aaron has his headphones in, one of their many mandatory training videos playing on his computer, his actual attention focused on the phone in his hand where he’s scrolling through Instagram.
Dean releases a shaky laugh and rubs the heels of his hands against his eyes, smearing the unfallen tears. Hiding. “ So stupid, sorry.”
The boy isn’t having an easy time of it, grabbing the blanket to pull himself up only to have it slide down with him. Dean rolls over from his stomach to his back, throwing the blanket back over the couch cushions, exposing his borrowed-pajama clad body to the cold air. Jack is quick to accept the invitation and Dean just manages to get his hand over his groin to protect it from pointy elbows and jabby knees as Jack grabs fistfuls of Dean’s t-shirt ( and the flesh underneath) and hauls himself up. It takes a long moment for Jack to settle and Dean wonders if he’ll be able to fall back to sleep when the little body finally slumps bonelessly atop him. Dean drops the blanket over them both, tucking it under his side to cocoon them together. Jack rubs his face against Dean’s chest, then stills with a small sleepy sigh. Dean curves his arm over the boy, holding him securely in place. Several peaceful minutes pass and Dean can feel himself slowly sliding back into sleep, eased by the comfort Jack’s warm presence.
now live within spitting distance.” Jess sips on her water and burps loudly under hand. “ Especially with everything Castiel’s been through…”
Jack puts on his frowny face because Daddy’s door is closed. That’s not okay. Daddy’s door is always open. So Jack opens it and sneaks in
“ You’re, you’re, uhm, welcome.” Dean is fucking blushing. He scrubs a hand through the short hair at the back of his neck and turns away to hide his flushed face, certain not even the short beard can hide it. Not that it matters much, since he can feel his ears burning bright red and there’s no covering those. “ So, uh, good news. Jack does not have the flu.”
It’s Saturday morning and he’s already had to deal with a reporter loitering around the library staff door before opening hours, and two phone calls from tabloids once the library opened to the public. He supposes it could be worse, has been worse in those first few months after it happened, but he still hates the little reminders that his life is not what it should be, not what it was before… And he won’t think about it now, because he has two beautiful children depending on him, needing him as father and mother and protector and by God he’s going to see this through.
Dean turns a questioning look to Cas, who one-shoulder-shrugs in the opposite direction of his lopsided smile. “ Rowena made protective talismans on Halloween. Claire asked to give one to the baby.”
and Dean closes his mouth with a snap and turns his attention back to the road. He finally manages to bite off a quiet, “ No’sir,” before falling silent again. A tension headache has already formed behind his temples, only growing worse with the way he’s constantly clenching his jaw shut.
Dean also takes this in. It’s completely valid. Due to a variety of circumstances, Dean had kept his relationship with Cain on the down low. Everyone knew Dean was seeing someone, but were very scarce on the details. And they did not part on good terms, despite how hard Cain had tried to keep it civil. Dean had been in way too deep, had been too hurt to salvage anything from the ashes. That’s on him. “ I doubt any time before this would’ve been a good time, so yeah… I understand.”  Definitely too heavy for Starbucks on a Sunday morning. If they manage to rekindle a friendship then they can deal with the details of the past at some later date. For now,  Dean thinks it’s probably best to stick to the present. He clears his throat and blatantly changes topics. “ So, your website is awesome. I can’t believe you actually pulled off the whole beekeeper thing.”
“ You never said anything.” Dean is flabbergasted. Because he does remember that kiss, but it’s warped by copious amounts of fireball whiskey and wishful thinking brought on by a rough semester of nursing school and a lonely Thanksgiving holiday after. And in the light of a horrible hangover the following morning, Dean had convinced himself that he’d dreamed it up out of desperation.
Dean can so fucking relate to that. He pulls both hands up to frame Cas’ face, tilting it up to meet his own in a deep, brain halting kiss. When they break for air, Dean sucks gently on Cas’ lower lip between exhales. The heat is building again in his gut, between his legs. Dean can feel his chubby turning into a full fledged hard-on, rubbing against the soft satiny--
“ Same here. Flirty, not threatening. But not exactly friendly, either.” Castiel quirks a tiny grin. “ Also, not my type.”
The next morning is just as hot and humid as the one before. Dean briefly wonders if he’ll ever get used to the humidity here. Heat, he can handle, but this oppressive moistness is just shitty. And according to Sam it starts as early as March and sometimes lingers well into September. Sometimes even October.
Then it’s bottle time again and Dean is honestly a bit bored. Chill, but bored. All this baby stuff seemed so much more exciting when he was a kid watching out for Sammy. So he pulls his phone out with the hand not cradling Alex in his lap and begins scrolling through his social media sites. Nothing interesting. Dean could text someone. Like… Cas’ number is pulled up in messenger before Dean even finishes the thought.
“ You were funny looking,” Claire says in a decisive tone, breaking Dean from his nostalgic reverie.
Castiel eases back into his spot on the floor, leaning an elbow on the coffee table and propping his chin in his palm. He watches Gabriel struggle with a row of twist ties. “ I can’t deny that it’s… easier with Dean around.”  Since the man moved next door Castiel has noticed a marked decline in his stress related aches and pains. He’s been working on the same roll of
Sam is currently working his way through the last of the nachos when he shoves the plate in the halfway spot between his elbow and Dean’s. Instead of offering to share, the younger man begins with, “ So how are things with Cas?”
The NP turns back toward the computer on the small desk, but not before Castiel catches the tinge of red in his cheeks. Too surprised to look away, he continues to stare as Dean’s ears begin glowing bright red. Castiel truly doesn’t know what to make of the flustered behavior. Dean has shown none of the usual signs of the Nosey Neds who recognize his name from the papers or his image from the news so it can't be his infamous status. But Castiel can't imagine a man as attractive and outgoing as Dean being shy.
“ Honestly, you seemed so embarrassed about what you did remember of that night. I didn’t want to make it worse.” Cain raises a brow and quirks his lips.
Honestly, Dean doesn’t think he can stomach anything at the moment, the nerves from yesterday morphing into a tight little ball of worry in his gut. He shakes his head and waves a hand at the skillet. “ Going out, but thanks anyway.”
The flames are thick on the undercarriage of the black car, licking high into the air. Over the roar, Castiel can make out someone yelling.
Gabriel himself seems more settled since he and Kali have decided to give it another go. He’s the one who brought out the top shelf whiskey when the children were securely in their beds, but Gabriel has remained uncharacteristically sober; still sipping on his first pour as Castiel slurped up his third. Gabriel looks warm and loose limbed, like Castiel feels, but his laughter isn’t as braying, his jokes not as off color. Castiel realizes this is one of his favorite sides of Gabriel’s. Responsible-thoughtful-adult Gabriel who goes overboard on decorating for someone else’s kids and then stays up late into the night on Christmas Eve helping his younger brother set up the presents and assemble an entire Playskool kitchen set.
Castiel stares down at the text message from Meg on his phone and curses Fate. What a bitch, as Dean would say.
There’s another moment of silence, then they both bust out laughing. Closing the distance between them, Castiel gives a wave. “ Hello, Dean.”
. “ Here we go!” Again, he eases off the brake, but this time just lets gravity take over to get Baby to roll back down the drive towards his garage door.
“ Yeah.” Dean nods and takes the toys, admiring them distantly before carefully wrapping them in a canvas tote and placing them on the cart. Jess’ attention is already taken by a table full of layered granola in mason jars. “ Hungry again.”
Everything is crazy. Everything. I needed some worry free smut. We all need some worry free smut. Here is some worry free smut.
“ Oh, sh-shit.” Dean gasps above him, a hand flying to bury itself in Castiel’s hair. “ Please, Cas,
Actually seeing Dean here, Castiel can breathe even easier. The tightness in his gut is still twisted in a heavy knot, but that’s not going away any time tonight, unfortunately. At least, not unmedicated.
It takes a second for Dean’s brain to catch up, screeching to a halt at the realization of what he’s actually witnessing. The frustration instantly morphs into a panic rivaling his brother’s. “ Oh shit.”
“ Oh really?” Castiel is surprised by this new information. It had never occurred to him that Dean’s beard had any reason to exist other than the man looked stunning with it.
Castiel frowns, finger pausing over his mouse. He should delete the message, without opening it. He really should. He has been for a few months now, the same email address popping up in his inbox every week or so, randomly. Despite blocking it after the first four or five just out of irritation. The messages themselves weren’t anything special nor gave any hint to their sender; other than someone who has mistaken Castiel’s cryptic email address (he’d made sure his work email did not follow the typical government format in order to stem the flow of press inquiries and trolls) for someone they’re acquainted with.
It’s a fairly quick drive, the Sunday traffic sparse this time of morning. The Starbucks in question is part of a strip mall next to a hotel, so tends to be busy, but not too crowded, though the drive thru is currently wrapped around the building. Dean feels sorry for the window attendant. He parks Baby in a far corner of the small lot, taking a moment to check his phone before exiting the car. There’s one missed text - because Dean absolutely does not text and drive- from Cain, letting Dean know that he’s already in the store and at a table.
“ Sounds good.” Dean swallows and nods, then looks forlornly at his full plate of cookies. “ Guess I should give these a rest until after dinner.”
Castiel grins and digs around in the hair basket for a moment. He finds a small soft tie- bright purple to match the whale on Jack’s hooded t-shirt- carefully gathers up the short golden locks on top of the boy’s head and secures them together in a tiny twig of a ponytail. “ How’s that?”
“ And there were two bottom drawers so I just checked them both and then Aunt Meg came running in and when I asked about the collars she said they were thinking about getting a puppy and I was just wondering if maybe you were going to give them a puppy for Christmas.”
“ Clarence what’s got your panties in a twist this time?” Meg’s dark voice is oddly soothing over the line.
More shuffling and shifting until Castiel insinuates himself between Dean’s bowed thighs, face nuzzling contentedly over the satiny fabric. He mouths along the stiff ridge of flesh under the lace, moving slowly toward the tip that’s leaking profusely on Dean’s hip, the wet spot spreading with every twitch.   Once he reaches his destination, Castiel sucks gently, pulling the lace and spongy head between his covered teeth, teasing the slit through the thin material with his tongue.
“ Yeah, I’m getting a few more things.” Dean gives his sister-in-law his most charming smile and waves her on. Leaving him alone with his last long term relationship. Well, somewhat alone. There’s still a line of people behind him and they’re situated in a jam packed tent alley. He grabs something small from the top of a stack and adds it to his pile without looking at it, his eyes forced up to meet the other man’s. “ Hi.” Yep, smooth.
Once bedtime has come and gone, Castiel drops heavily onto the couch and mutes the television, leaving the nature documentary playing silently. Jack had gone down easily enough, tired out from the day’s excitement. Even Claire hadn’t begged for another story or attempted to engage him in an interesting tangent. It’s been an exhausting day for everyone involved.
Cas’ lips are dry, but soft, and he uses them like he’s trying to remember how this whole kissing thing works. Or maybe overeager, Dean can relate to overeager. He has to tilt his own chin a couple times to keep up with Cas until Dean decides to lift his hand and slide his palm along Cas’ jaw to gently keep him place. That gesture seems to be exactly what Cas needs, the older man relaxing into the position, stepping down to Dean’s level, and, oh Christ, Dean feels a hand at his waist, just resting lightly on his side steadying them both. There's no tongue, though lips are parted and Dean can taste the popcorn on Cas’ breath.
Cain’s smile is back, full of affection and enthusiasm. “ Yes, well. It keeps me busy and I enjoy the work.”
It’s different from that first time, in September. Dean had been trying to be gentle then, taking it slow and feeling his way through the tentative interaction. Now he just wants to devour Cas, to touch every inch of skin, to press every pent up emotion into the curves and angles hidden under the baggy clothes.
A few steps away, holding a jug of lemonade and a stack of multicolored plastic tumblers, are two familiar faces; Castiel Novak and Jack. Holy crap, this is Twilight Zone levels of coincidence.
“ I’ll read it.” Dean quickly agrees. He scrambles backwards until he’s once again on the couch. He meets Cas’ uncertain expression with a smile. “ Gotta be pretty good if it makes grown men cry.” He winks at the older man.
A candle, honey-cinnamon-bourbon, in a lidless half pint jar with a single star etched onto one side now sits in his hand. The label reads
Aaron finds her profile page and finds the photos from last year and swipes through a few months prior until he stutters and swipes backward to the previous photo. “ Shit.”
On his right, Pamela elbows his elbow and Dean looks up with the full spoon still in his mouth, brows raised in question. “ Wha?”
Castiel still feels too overwhelmed by tonight’s emotional rollercoaster for an intelligent response. So he leans forward and pulls Dean back into a hug, less desperate than the previous one, and repeats,  “ Thank you, Dean. For everything you’ve--”
“ No, she just likes to dress like that. And some people don’t like that she’s different.” Dean explains.
It’s nice and easy again. Just kissing slow and deep. Gentle touches to Dean’s neck, curving a hand behind his shoulder and Castiel doesn’t think about the fact that he’s touching his own inked handprint there. He focuses on Dean’s body relaxing under him and instead thinks about things that may have been said to Dean in the past when this particular kink was discovered.  Dean has always been so confident during their brief sexual encounters, had been just as bold and unafraid tonight, before remembering the panties. Of course, people can be thoughtless, sometimes deliberately cruel. Castiel quickly decides it’s up to him to make Dean forget all about those imbeciles who had no idea how to treat a walking miracle like Dean Winchester.
“ You can lead, if you’re more comfortable with it.” Castiel offers, not wanting Dean to injure himself just because Castiel is accustomed to leading on the dance floor.
With the primary cause of Castiel’s anxiety being taken care of, he can now deal with the unexpected secondary cause now that Dean is out of the room. Dean is attractive, yes. Dean is very friendly, yes. But that’s no reason for the weird hit of familiarity Castiel has whenever he thinks about that split second look of… He wants to call it blank loss but honestly, there had been the tiniest flash of unpleasant shock in those pretty green eyes. Which is completely insane and Castiel didn’t come here to flirt with his children’s healthcare providers or question any odd feelings either might have about the other.
For this year’s Halloween, Dean is dressed as a genderswapped Ghostbuster, Jillian Holtzman, handing out candy at the Hunter Hollow Public Library.
The next half hour is spent eating and drinking with sporadic conversation scattered between mouthfuls. This is what Dean looks forward to the most; this easy companionship that doesn’t know what an awkward silence looks like much less ever experienced one.
Cas nods against Dean’s cheek and slips his hands over the back of his shoulders, participating in the hug. There’s a breath, then Cas pulls back to look up into Dean’s face. “ Why do you think you screwed up?” His expression is so open, so painfully concerned.
Castiel takes his own glass and sits opposite, one ear listening closely to the goings on in the bathroom. “ Not at all. Jack went down easier than usual and Claire technically has another half hour.” He sips his tea and pauses at the toilet flush. The sound of running water begins and Castiel gives his attention back to Cain. “ So, in your text this morning, you wanted to ask me about someone moving into the apartment.”  It’s been at the back of his mind all day, mulling it over. “ I have to admit that I’m hesitant.”
With his folders in hand, Castiel strides through the staff door to the adult side and Aaron sitting at the adult desk. The younger librarian is silently playing solitaire on his computer. “ I’m here, Aaron.”
“ Well, that sounds like a done deal, so what else was there to talk about?” Claire pushes her novelty glasses back up, the huge things wanting to slip down with every movement of her head.
Dean groans, turning his face into Castiel’s shoulder. “ They can wait a bit.” He pulls Castiel closer, snuggling tightly against his chest. “ Still sl
It's crazy. Be kind to each other and yourselves.  Also, LikeAPeach is basically the whole reason this chapter exists, so thank you LikeAPeach!
Dean kicks his brother’s foot as he passes by on his way to the little countertop in the corner. “ I didn’t even have it that long,” he protests as he drops the donut boxes onto the counter and settles next to Jess on the edge of the hospital bed. He offers her the smaller box filled with cinnamon Munchkins.
“ Yes, well, regardless, we've heard nothing but great things about you and I just wanted you to know that we’ve noticed your hard work.” Zachariah pats Castiel's shoulder.
It’s another mile and a half before they come upon the house sitting pretty among the trees. He spots a champagne gold monstrosity parked under the carport on the right and hopes that’s not his neighbor’s main source of transportation. He also notices a little face pressed against his neighbor’s front window, young and blonde and blatantly curious about the new arrivals. Dean pulls toward the left, toward his side, and pauses to let Jess and Sam out so they can help him back the trailer up to the garage.
He leads his daughter back into the living room and happily squeezes between the two children on the couch. While their attention is latched onto the scene of a whale shark meandering through the fathomless blue ocean, Castiel shoots a text to Meg, asking her to call him on her break. He needs to talk to someone about this whole Dean mess and get a mostly unbiased opinion.
Dean groans, making sure it’s audible enough for the blind woman to hear. “ Nothing. I just played with the kids for a few minutes before I left the house.” He stirs his thick stew, watching the vegetables and hunks of andouille surface and sink. Definitely not thinking about Cas’ bright smile or the way it made him feel all light and bubbly inside. “ They’re good kids.”
“ Gabriel’s been helping him out where he can and their cousin, Michael, the DA, helped him get the job at the library. But still,” Sam shakes his head in wonderment. “ I can't even imagine going through what he has in the past eighteen months. The kids, too.”
“ Who’s coming on Saturday?” Claire practically apparates at Castiel’s side. She blows minty breath into his face as she waits for his answer.
Claire is middle seat driving, ordering Jack to watch out for the hill and the bigger rocks in the gravel and their toys lying far into the grassy yard and nowhere near the drive.
“ Yes, you did. Which was embarrassing for your mother and me, but also highly amusing.” Castiel gets up from the chair, intent on parenting and enjoying it for another couple hours before bedtime. “ Let’s learn about sharks and maybe penguins before Jack’s bedtime.”
And not that way, Jack.” He opens the door and ducks down to plop Jack’s bottom onto the seat. “ Slide over so Claire has room. Okay, Claire, now you. Careful of the seats.”
“ No! C-can’t!” The man growls, one hand pushing against the console, voice cutting in and out. “ Fuckin’ crushed in--but De--’s loose!” He grabs a fistful of Castiel’s shirt and glares through the smoke and blood. “ Get h-- out, please!”
It’s a split second decision. Castiel has no idea how long he has before a gas tank blows or he’s overcome by the fumes. If he can get the other victim out quickly, then he can return to help this man. Castiel gets to his feet and sprints around to the other side of the car that is pinned beneath the tanker. The analytical part of his brain runs through a scenario to account for the strange position: initial strike on passenger side, momentum flipped car upside down, tanker balanced on driver’s side just barely.
His birthday is on a Thursday, but he agrees with Sam to have a nice dinner with him and Jess and Alex on the preceding Saturday. Because they’re family and Dean doesn’t want a big fuss.
Growing up, Dean had always tried to make Halloween as fun as possible for Sammy. Most motels would have a bowl of cheap candy at the check-in desk and Dean was very creative with motel room supplies and bedding to make costumes for his little brother. Once they’d moved to Bobby’s, Dean would escort Sam and Jo (Bobby’s “lady friend’s” daughter) around the neighborhood or take them to the trunk-or-treat at the local church. Then Sam and Jo were old enough to be going to parties and Dean took the opportunity to accept his own invites or just relax at the house with his uncle and new aunt, Ellen.
More laughter, more kisses. Castiel unashamedly snuggles closer, pushing his face into Dean’s ruffled hair, enjoying the younger man nosing against his throat.
He hefts himself up from the couch, again re-adjusting his hold on Jack who has completely given up the ghost, so to speak, his head lolling bonelessly on Castiel’s shoulder. The toddler is still recovering, so Castiel doesn’t let the easy bedtime bother him too much. “ Claire?” He waits until the girl looks up from her next story selection before continuing. “ I’m going to put Jack to bed. Go ahead and get ready for your bath.”
Castiel watches some of the fear dissipate from Dean’s expression before Sam’s shout sparks a bit back into his eyes. A playful swat at his antennae and Dean disappears through the staff door. Castiel would swear his hand where Dean grabbed it is still tingly and he gently closes his fist around the warmth. Well, enough of that. He gathers himself and turns to the children. “ Let’s get good seats in the storyroom and then we’ll trick-or-treat afterwards, okay?”
For his part, Jack barely acknowledges Dean’s presence, blue eyes that Dean is certain would normally give his daddy’s a run for their money, currently dulled by illness. And Jack is bone dry, which explains the wet coat and adult; Castiel obviously used the coat to protect Jack from the rain instead of himself. Dean turns his attention back to the father for a moment, wanting to clear up any misunderstandings. “ Actually, I’m a nurse practitioner, so you can just call me Dean.” It matters to some people, the initials at the end of his name. Dean’s perfectly happy with his credentials, but he knows that some parents don’t want anything less than the highest level of alphabet soup diagnosing their child. Best to discover that particular prejudice in the beginning, especially if he’s going to have to reschedule poor Jack with Jess or Missouri.
By the end, there’s a hint of uncertainty in Dean’s voice, the shrug of his shoulders. Castiel wants to hug it out of the younger man which is all sorts of inappropriate and overly dramatic and just not like him at all. He takes a step back,  heel sliding on the gravel, just to remind himself that he needs to go. “ Oh, I don’t want to impose on--”
It’s moments like this, in the quiet dark, staring down at Jack’s long lashes shadowing over chubby cheeks and the dark golden wave flopped back from his forehead, the gentle rise and fall of his little chest as he breathes evenly… Sometimes the horrors of his past and the great weight of his new responsibilities come crashing down on Castiel and he has to swallow back the tears before Claire catches him out.
Gift Basket, he gets the most amazing things. Sometimes Cain even gives him off menu items, like the juniper berry and brown sugar syrup last month. So, Dean is more than happy to dig through the heavy duty paper bag, pulling out each thing to inspect, which mostly means opening everything and smelling it. But first, he needs to be a good guest and gathers two bottles of beer from the fridge, popping the caps and handing off one to Cain before taking a swig from his own.
“ Kinda like stepping back in time, right?” Jess gratefully accepts the box and slurps her drink, head tilted toward Dean in thoughtful study. “ I swear it takes ten years off your age. Laugh lines notwithstanding.”
onto the crease of Dean’s thigh. Dean is still panting heavily, groaning and jerking with the aftershocks when Castiel climbs up his loose limbed body  and noses against his bare neck. Dean’s hands immediately slide into Castiel’s messy hair and he licks into his mouth with surprising enthusiasm. Warm and firm. Sweet and filthy.  It’s easy for Castiel to relax into the hold, letting Dean take what he needs from him in his hazy afterglow. He hums roughly in the back of his throat and rests his cheek on the pillow next to Dean’s, gazing happily into the intense green eyes watching him. “ You really are beautiful.”
“ Dad’s hair is nice, too,” Claire points out very helpfully. “ I like how it sticks up without any fancy stuff.”
Both children respond with excited whoops and race toward the door. Jack turns at the last second to toddle back to Dean and shove a paper bag against the man’s leg, letting go the second Dean’s fingers touch the handle, and running back to Claire’s side.
“ Thank you, Mr. Cain.”  Claire bobs her head, then turns to her father. “ I’m going to wait on the couch for you, Dad.” She slips from the chair and tosses a,  “Goodnight, Mr. Cain,” over her shoulder before leaving the room.
because he’s a big drama queen. And really, apt nickname. He's been charged with a slew of felonies, along with the double homicide--”
Cain had said it belonged to Colette’s parents, that his late wife had inherited it upon their death and he upon hers. Dean is certain they must’ve had some money back in the day because the surrounding hundred or so acres of lakefront property also came through Colette’s family and he’s been told this is only one of several of the buildings on the property.
“ But those people are all being jerks to her.” Claire frowns, watching the scene unfold. “ She’s sad now.”
Castiel goes further inside and sets the pan of brownies onto the cleared table, not wanting to take up precious counter space in the small kitchen. Inside, he can now hear the soft strains of classic rock floating from the living room speakers and smell the spicy sweet scent of something bubbling away on the stovetop. He chuckles at Dean’s observation. “ I believe so. He likes to scratch my stubble when he’s sleepy, but he’s not quite as fascinated with mine as he is yours.”
Dean has Friday off and takes his time that morning removing his pregnancy beard. Part of him is sad to see it go, but he can’t deny the happy sensations when the cool November air hits his naked cheeks. Afterward, he gets things ready at Sam and Jess’ place, before heading to the hospital at the appointed time. Jess texts him to let him know that her mom has run to the airport to pick up her stepdad, Jim, (unhappily out of the country during the birth and just now able to get stateside) and will meet them back at the Winchester-Moore homestead. Dean makes adjustments to his errands, then arrives at the hospital bearing gifts; an enormous basket of snacks and some of Cain’s products that he drops off at the nurses’ station, donuts and overly sweetened coffee from Dunkin Donuts for the new parents, and a special baby blanket for Alex to come home in.
While Claire and Jack compare driving notes, Cas looks down at Dean through the open door, his smile turning apologetic again as he shifts his weight to his near foot, Jack leaning too far out for his father’s liking. “ I’ll help the next time you wash her, or pay for--”
A wide band of blush pink lace. Shiny matching pink fabric below. Both incredibly soft to the touch and Castiel guesses microfiber because Meg had similar ones years ago and Dean hasn’t cautioned him to be careful with them as he surely would if they were authentic- and expensive- silk.  It’s a modest cut, though Castiel isn’t familiar with its official designation. Briefs? Hipsters? The waistband sits a couple inches below Dean’s navel, thin dark hair diving under the lace. The leg openings are not too high or tight, easily following the joinings of the pale thighs. Castiel runs his thumb up along the edge of one, then pushes the tip under the seam on the way back down.  The skin beneath is sinfully silky. He glances up at Dean, wanting to check on the younger man who has been uncharacteristically quiet.
The absolute seriousness of Cas’ delivery gets a snort from Dean, breaking his sexy facade completely apart. Chuckling quietly, he pets both hands across the nicely toned chest in front of him, thumb tracing a beautifully sculpted collarbone. “ Good. Because I definitely like what I see. “ And he does.  The line of a faded farmer’s tan lingers on Cas’s upper arms and neck, sunkissed contrasting with pale. Strong well defined shoulders that Dean wants to see braced above him sometime very soon. Tiniest hint of softness at his middle that makes Dean feel less self conscious about his own. Thin dark hairs trailing below a cute little navel into the waistband of the worn jeans where there’s a strip of even paler milky white exposed by the low riding denim.
Alex pops in this time, long braid swinging over her shoulder. “ Hey, Dean. Dr Jess said you promised to cover her lunch this morning.”
Castiel rubs soothing circles over the boy’s back and clears his throat. “ Well, uh, he’s had a runny nose and some coughing since Friday, but his temperature never rose above ninety-nine point four and his appetite was still normal so I thought it must be seasonal allergies, like Claire, my daughter, has. I called Dr. Moseley and she recommended a half dose of over-the-counter antihistamine that Claire takes, since Jack is in the upper percentile for his age.”
Stepping backwards, Castiel turns and leads them to his bedroom, stopping to check in on the children once more. All is well, Claire asleep once again and Jack now wedged between a small plush duck and a stuffed cow. An oversized peanut shaped car sponge, a gift from Gabriel and Jack’s favorite lovey, is wrapped tightly in both his little arms. Castiel catches Dean’s gentle smile at the sight and that’s enough to get his blood racing again. This man, who loves these children like his own in such a short amount of time…  Since meeting Dean, Castiel has better understood the appeal of the single-mother-meets-cowboy-with-a-heart-of-gold paperbacks Becky mainlines between her bodice rippers. There is something incredibly sexy about parental attributes.
Chuck passes by the desk, smiling thinly at Castiel. Castiel does his best to return it and creates a folder in his work email, labeled BDL. He carefully drags each of the suspicious emails into the folder until all one hundred and seven are safely housed there. There’s another minute of contemplation, whether or not he should ask for Charlie’s assistance in tracing the sender back to its location. If anyone can do it, the redhead can, and with scary efficiency.
Rowena has the good graces to look- falsely- offended. “ Of course not! That’s against policy.” She points him down the hall toward the next station at the adult reference desk, where Aaron is handing out candy- dressed as a random Hufflepuff- as Benjamina - in head to toe Slytherin garb- helps an older patron with their Kindle. “ However, I
Zachariah is not interested in Castiel’s opinion of his work and Castiel answers accordingly. “ It was fine.” No more, no less. Either his boss will get to the point or lose interest in the obligatory conversation. Castiel is willing to hold out.
Dean watches as she pulls an honest-to-god photo album from the top shelf and brings it back to the couch. She sits on the other side of Dean, laying the heavy bound book into his lap.  “ It’s too heavy for Jack to hold, so a grown-up’s gotta hold it,” she explains.
Dean checks his own phone, the time surprising him. “ Didn’t even realize we’d been talking so long.” He did actually have some errands to run before heading back to the house. “ Time flies, and all that jazz.”
It’s been two hours since the children were abed, and seventy-five minutes since Castiel checked to make certain they were both fully asleep in his brother’s guest room. Castiel had given Gabriel an extra tight hug after seeing the decorations the man had put up just for the children. Gabriel had turned his guest room into a winter candyland complete with gingerbread house bed canopy, cookie printed sleeping bags,  six foot tall plastic candy canes flanking the doorway, and dozens of smaller atmospheric pieces that completely transformed the normally gaudy room. He’d even replaced the semi-nude paintings with white tinsel wreaths covered in frosted plastic candy (normally they were just shoved into the utility closet, the walls left blank when the children visited.) Claire and Jack had to be dragged away for dinner and everyone had ended up piled together on the queen sized bed afterward to watch
Dean turns his head to the side, leaning forward to get a better look at the faded damage beneath his fingers.
“ No problem.” Dean squeezes him again, then loosens his embrace to pull back just enough for them to make proper eye contact. Still close enough to feel warmth breath washing over his chin.  “ I’ve got the morning off. I can crash on the couch tonight.”
They take Cain’s truck down to the gate, a short drive in the dark. The heat doesn’t even kick in fully by the time they pull up to the metal fencing, parking a bit away from the pillar that contains the interior control box. They remain in the truck, staring out the windshield at the shape hanging on the other side of the gate.
“ Dating like Patience and Alfie? Kaia says they kiss all the freakin’ time. And they spend all their money on the movies and won’t take Kaia with them.”
He’s sprinting down the hall, running the well memorized route to Jess’ chosen hospital in his head, and totally not thinking about how he basically just held hands with Cas.
Castiel merely nods in response and follows Cain into the cabin. He’s always liked the small home, its rustic charm and one or two modern conveniences perfectly balanced and in tune with their eccentric owner. Tonight, he doesn’t pay any attention to the handmade quilt over the couch or the row of photographs beneath the large flat screen TV. Castiel’s eyes are instantly drawn to the bag on the dining table, limp and wrinkled around the shape inside.
