To say that Steve is unimpressed by this would be an understatement.
‘Tony! You know I don’t understand that reference.’
‘I don’t have to—’
‘Tony!’ Steve splutters, a blush forming from the crown of his head to the tips of his toes.
‘Sure beats the hell out of sponge baths.’ Steve agrees.
‘I’m sorry, Miss Potts, I don’t see any— oh!’
Steve isn’t vain, he’s had years before the serum to get used to being the least interesting guy in the room.
Horrifically, Steve can feel himself blushing. An embarrassing tell that he’s had since long before the serum and has never been able to shake whenever
sad unless it was about that time some crazy lady broke Mjölnir or when Jane totally ‘‘didn’t’’ dump him.)
bad, even emotional-intelligence-of-a-celery Tony Stark had taken pity on him and moved Steve in to a suite at the Tower under orders that he try to move on and get a fresh start in a new place. Which was lucky timing really, because then Steve got front row seats to the nuclear fallout of Pepper and Tony’s final epic break-up —
‘Shut up, Cap. Cut all camera feeds and block all calls until further notice.’
When he catches sight of Steve, also freshly showered and stepping out the apartment elevator, he greets him with a soft, slightly apprehensive smile.
In a farce of the game ‘telephone’, that Steve used to play as a child, Fury tells Coulson, Coulson tells Clint, Clint tells Natasha, Natasha tells Bruce and Bruce tells Pepper, who then tells Steve, that Tony is neglecting his consultancy work for S.H.I.E.L.D.
Pepper Potts, who despite their epic breakup, still loves Tony in a way no other woman will ever come close to, frequently threatens to pay Coulson to have him assassinated and then shipped back to her so she can feed his corpse to piranhas.
‘Water pressure that good, huh?’
ex-boyfriend but I don’t get to hate on yours? That it, Cap?’
There’s a pause for a second.
Tony was brave enough, clever enough and vibrant enough to make a jaded, nonagenarian supersoldier from the past - who was pretty much emotionally dead inside -  get hot under the collar (with anger, mind you) when they first met.
‘I-I’m sorry?’ Steve stammers, not quite sure he understands what’s going on.
‘Turns out melanomas aren’t my thing.’ Tony grins back, ‘I mostly lived in the
You’re not supposed to be out here, Captain.’ Daredevil says firmly, stepping out from behind the shadow of an air-conditioning unit.
Leaning against the railings, the golden sun shining on his face, Tony watches Steve contemplatively, seemingly a little thrown by the uncharacteristic display of blatant flirting from the supersoldier.
He turns on his heel and goes to flee towards the door, just as Tony seems to snap out of whatever trance he’d been shocked in to and yells:
‘Right, so you punched my building. That still doesn’t explain what in the name of all that is good and holy you are actually talking about.’ He shouts, pacing the room again, his arms waving wildly, ‘Are you taking how-to-be-cryptic classes from Yoda? You saw what exactly, Cap? You gotta refresh my memory, because the last time I saw
Natasha thinks they’re all idiots and Bruce seems to just be happy that no one has asked him to do anything that might mean he’d have to leave the polymer work in his lab.
from eating or drinking near his machines on pain of a death by Hulk-smash.
If he’s honest with himself and he usually tries to be, Steve knows that to some extent Tony finds him appealing. He might be inexperienced with relationships, but he’s certainly not blind and Tony doesn’t hide his attraction to people he thinks are pretty very well.
going to be a gentleman and wait for you to finish your little bitch-fit,
‘It is.’ Tony agrees, eyes sharp with curiosity, ‘Now, I’ve shown you mine, so you show me yours. What’s up with you and Mr Frosty?’
In the communal kitchen, in the gym, in the workshop, in the elevator, in front of Pepper, in front of the press and right in the middle of an Avengers meal that he was invited to - Johnny would touch Tony, his movements heavy with bantering flirtation.
‘Indeed.’ Agrees Natasha, allowing him a moment of reprieve to pick himself up  before she smacks him across the shoulders with the pole again, ‘When you and Tony fight, you tend to take the rest of us down with you. So, answer my question: why are you avoiding him?’
“Fuck,” Tony cursed quietly.
“No one, he won’t be a problem anymore, Happy. Thanks.”
Tony doesn’t speak, just listens, watching Steve pace as he speaks. He hates this, doesn’t understand why he can’t just get up and tell this guy to go fuck himself already. He sits obediently and listens as Steve drawls on.
Steve gives Tony a disappointed look before he turns and leaves the lobby.
“Out of line?” Tony’s repeats, raising his voice considerably. There's a soft voice in the back of his head telling him that maybe he's being a little irrational, maybe he is out of line, but he can’t hear it over the sudden blind rage taking over every other part of him.
“Where are we going?” Tony asked.
“Well,” Steve starts, following Tony out. He frowns, but says nothing as Tony circles behind the bar and begins pouring himself a drink. “Maybe if you hadn’t spent the last month vigorously avoiding me I wouldn’t have to cram all of this information into you in less than one day.”
“I know just what you need, baby, don’t you worry.”
There's a rapid thumping sound coming from the center of Steve’s chest, and Tony doesn’t particularly like the sound of it. It's quite a suspicious sound, like Steve knows something Tony doesn’t, like he's nervous as all hell.
Steve hummed in curious amusement, “You seem to be enjoying yourself. Is this how you planned for the night to end?” Steve hiked up Tony’s undershirt to splay his hand across the lower expanse of Tony’s torso.
With that, she's in the elevator, jamming the button back down to the lobby. She’d think of something to tell the board, she's clever like that.
Steve says nothing, and sinks further down into the couch, his face dark red as he avoids Tony’s gaze.
What he isn’t expecting when he steps into the lobby of Stark Industries, shrugging off his coat, is the familiar face of one park ranger, Steve Rogers. He’d been doing a pretty good job avoiding him, so he’s a little disappointed in himself.
“Alright, enough talk.” Tony says with a determined look, “tell me everything I need to know.”
“Okay?” Steve asks, unsure.
Tony reached down to touch himself, a transgression that Steve would allow for now. He could tell Tony was getting into this now, and he didn’t want to discourage that mindset.
Steve’s talking, through gritted teeth, like he too is struggling with the loss. “I have been trying to get a hold of you for over two weeks. The full moon is next week, Tony.”
To Steve’s credit, he didn’t have to do much like this. If he kept his hand perfectly still the bumps on the road did all the work for him, and there were plenty of bumps. Tony groaned as they hit a particularly bad pothole forcing Steve’s fingers deeper into him. The driver called back a muffled apology, but they were both a little too preoccupied to acknowledge it.
Steve groaned low and thrusted his hips forward, twisting his fingers into Tony's hair, urging him to take more. Tony suppressed a gag and supported himself against Steve’s thighs, causing an imprint of small crescent moons to appear against pale flesh.
"See? It's not so hard to do as you're told." Steve teased, his hand slipped down Tony’s pants pulling Tony's cock out with one hand, adding even strokes to his shaft.
“Tony!” Steve roars, an inhuman sound resonating throughout the tower, shaking its the very foundations. It works, and Tony comes back to himself, eyes fading back to brown, his fangs and claws retracting.
With the image now burned into Steve’s brain, he looked down at Tony, swiped his thumb at a bit of come leftover and pressed it between Tony’s lips. “Now, what have you learned, Director Stark?”
Steve watched as Tony took it a step further. He walked over to the windows overlooking the city and pressed himself against it. The cool glass felt great against his warm skin and he stood there a moment. On Monday morning this whole office would be stained with memories of this night, Steve couldn’t wait to hear about them.
After collecting his things, Tony stands from his seat and leaves the room without another word. Pepper follows behind him, the click of her heels echoing through the empty halls as she trails behind him, noting his odd behavior. His shoulders are tense, his back slightly hunched as he jams his fingers at the delicate screen of his phone.
“Help?” Tony laughs out in disbelief. “You know what would’ve really helped?” He takes a step forward, Steve takes one back. “You not turning me into a God damned werewolf!”
As they pulled into the parking garage, Steve knew he had to pull out for now. He wiped his fingers on Tony’s thigh and waited for the driver to come around to open the door. Tony, flushed and erect, began rebuttoning his pants, but Steve reached over and stilled his hands.
“Get out of my lobby before I call security,” Tony says, pushing Steve’s hand off of his chest, and immediately regretting it. He shows no signs of regret though, he stands his ground.
“You a detective in your spare time?”
The most frustrating thing of all is Tony'd thought this was over with. After the pizza incident – nearly two weeks ago - Tony hadn’t shown any strange symptoms at all. But now he's eavesdropping on a conversation eight stories below him, and he doesn’t understand how that's even possible.
“Tony…what happened?” Pepper asks, stopping just shy of the elevator entrance way.
There was a moment of hesitation, Tony knew exactly what Steve wanted, and doing as he said meant so much more than a simple nickname during sex. But desperate times led to Tony laying desperately across a table in a conference room he’d never been in before at the mercy of one Steve Rogers who had a grip on his dick like the jaws of life and, well, Tony was only human.
Tony leans in, examining his cheeks. Right where he’d just shaved, not even an hour ago, Tony’s facial hair had grown back thick, as if he hadn’t shaved in days.
Tony resisted the urge to whimper at the sudden rough treatment, and kissed back with as much force, or at least tried to. However, at the moment, Steve was bursting with dominance and anger, accompanied with a white hot lust that seemingly consumed him.
With wide eyes, Tony watches the animal take cautious steps toward him, the wolf’s lips raised, showing Tony his teeth. If he wasn’t so terrified he’d take a moment to notice the glowing blue eyes, but instead, he starts awkwardly shuffling backwards along the dirt of the trail. Tony’s eyes don’t leave the wolf, not even once.
Tony growls viciously as he lunges forward. Steve’s expecting the attack, and he catches Tony by the wrists, both of them tumbling backward onto the plush bedroom carpet. Tony snarls, snapping newly formed fangs at Steve’s throat.
Steve holds his hands up in surrender, showing Tony he’s not a threat, calmly requesting he stand down. “Tony, I’m here to help.”
“Tony, listen to me,” Steve’s fists are clenched at his sides. “I know. I know it sounds crazy, I know you think I’m completely insane, but even you have to admit there are things happening to you that you can’t explain. Tell me right now, tell me you don’t feel anything at all. Tell me this,” Steve presses his hand to Tony’s chest, just a soft assuring pressure, Steve's there, it's okay, relax, “tell me this doesn’t make it better, that it doesn’t soothe all those unexplained feelings, anxieties. Tell me you feel nothing at all and I’ll never bother you again.”
The blond leans down, pressing his nose against the inside of Tony’s thigh and breathing him in. It takes only a moment before Steve is pressing his tongue flat against Tony’s entrance, the genius whimpering and whining above him. Steve doesn’t take his time, rushes to get inside Tony. His tongue darting in and out in a quick and effective way.
Tony didn’t take too kindly to the sudden condescending challenge, with his hands on Steve’s chest, Tony shoved him back placing a few feet between them. The look on Steve’s face was priceless, all scrunched up, confused, and if Tony had a camera, he would put that picture on every Christmas card he’d ever send. As it were all he had was Steve, surging forward to shove Tony back against the door of the conference room.
A typical evening before a gala or charity ball involved Steve getting dressed in the same suit he wore to all of the events. He’d brush his hair exactly the same, tie his well worn shoes and sit himself on the couch while he waited for Tony to get ready.
“No,” Steve said. “Leave them open, let him see what a mess you are for me.”
Steve was right, he was right all along, and Tony, wow Tony owes that man the biggest apology. There is no other explanation. There is absolutely no logic to any of this. Unless he's just going absolutely insane, but Tony refuses to think that, he has too much to lose to plead insanity.
Tony definitely doesn’t like the sound of that, nothing good ever came from the phrase ‘we need to talk’. It's what Obie had said before telling him his parents died, it was what Obi had said before he tried to kill Tony and take over his company. It was what Pepper had said just before she broke his heart. And even though Steve doesn’t know him well enough to hurt him on those levels, ‘we need to talk’ is never a good thing to hear.
“Yeah, I think I can go another round.” Tony grins, fangs extending, “or four.”
"Uh-huh," Tony nods, his mind elsewhere, racing even faster than usual.
Tony stepped into Steve’s space and looked up at him. “How long have we been playing?”
According to his meticulously kept calendar, all of Tony's meetings ended at 3:30 pm sharp on this Friday afternoon. This allowed the genius time to sneak down to his workshop to get started on some of his more personal projects.
When the doors open he's immediately hit with the scent of distress.
“A…run?” Pepper asks in disbelief. Tony Stark wasn’t exactly the workout type. “Like at the gym?”
Tony had been given very specific instructions not to get greasy. Steve had plans to take him out tonight. He wasn't sure what that entailed, but Steve had suggested comfortable, casual wear. Nothing they ever did required anything fancier than a nice pair of jeans and a clean shirt. Just another reason they worked so well together, Tony thought.
When he finally returns to his desk, LeAnne pages over the phone that he’d missed a phone call from Steve Rogers again while he was on lunch, and that he'd requested Tony call him back as soon as possible. He doesn’t, of course, and sits back in his chair, reveling in the fullness of his stomach, Little Angela’s never disappoints.
“This is my bedroom…” A voice says from outside the room, then the knob turns and the door opens slowly.
“Yeah, that’s me. Tony Stark, CEO of Stark Enterprises.” It's all so casual for him, as he sips at his coffee. The food is all very good, but it's the coffee that's keeping Tony awake at the moment.
Eventually, Steve did have to pull out. He did so very slowly, knowing Tony’s ass would be sore from the spanking and the rough sex. Tony groaned in response and curled up a little when the pillow was removed from under him.
Steve pressed a kiss to the back of his neck. “Yeah,” he agreed. “But it was so worth it.”
‘Chill, Picasso. Mi casa su casa.’ Tony soothes, placing an icy glass of tonic water, frothy with a thick wedge of lime, down next to the easel and gesturing for Steve to take a sip, ‘I don’t mind you guys being up here. At least someone other than the pigeons finally gets to enjoy this place. Sun worship isn’t really my style.’
“ETA?” Tony said, heading into the bathroom for finishing touches.
Tony cursed as he slicked a bit of product into his hair. “Coulda warned me sooner, ya know.”
And since Steve wasn’t a cruel man, he doubled over Tony pressed his lips to the shell of his ear and gave him permission.
“Steve…” Tony whimpers.
In the morning, after five hours of restless tossing and turning, Tony pulls himself out of bed and heads into his morning routine. There’s something in the back of his mind trying to remind him of something, today is important for some reason or another, but Tony can’t possibly be bothered with scheduling when he hasn’t had sleep, and he’s had even less coffee.
Tony's soothed by the touch, like all along that’s all he'd needed, a hand against his chest. Steve’s hand.
By now, Steve knew Tony’s body better than anyone. He knew exactly which angle, and how deep he needed to go to brush against his prostate, that little bundle of nerves that would light up Tony’s vision and make a mess of their bed.
“This floor should look pretty familiar to you,” Steve said stepping out of the way so Tony could see.
There was his defiant boy, Steve loved when Tony challenged him. He loved most things about Tony actually, but tonight wasn’t about love. Tonight was about humiliation and control. It was about getting Tony to that quiet place deep inside his mind where he was nothing more than a feeling. And Steve knew exactly how to do it.
"Not so smug now, huh Stark?" The words were whispered mockingly against Tony's lips.
"Nah.” He reached up to stretch out his arms and back. His shoulders popped with relief and he cracked his neck slowly. "I made the date; I might as well actually show up for it. Hold my calls, J, set my status as 'out of office'. I'll be back in about an hour."
“That’s enough,” Steve said.
“Where are you going!?” Steve asks as Tony storms out of the living room back toward Steve’s bedroom. He begins collecting his things, his clothes, his cellphone which is mostly dead by now.
“I can help you. Please call me.” Tony recalls the note he’d thrown as he searches his contacts and punches Steve’s name.
Steve leaned up when he heard Tony’s resolve, and growled into his ear, “that’s more like it.”
It was certainly in Tony's nature to ignore JARVIS' announcement. It was in his nature to reschedule, claim he got too busy and forgot. It wasn't a lie, Tony was very busy. Lunch dates were usually best left for the weekend.
“There’s no one here,” Tony said from four feet into the office.
River Valley Nature Preserve is only about half an hour out of the city, but Tony makes a stop at the tower to get a change of clothes. In hindsight, it’s a bad idea, he’s wasting precious daylight, but something about jogging in the woods in a business suit makes Tony’s skin crawl, so he chooses sweats and an undershirt instead.
Outside the bullet proof glass of the workshop, Steve stepped off the elevator.
“Yeah, whatever…” Tony mutters, the glass already to his lips.
When Rhodey stepped into the penthouse, Tony greeted him with a bright smile and a tight hug. JARVIS could detect stress in Rhodey, elevated blood pressure, and body temperature. Tony noticed too, so he offered him a drink, and a friendly ear. Apparently there were problems within the Colonel's division of the military, that's all the details JARVIS' managed to gather before Tony muted his recording equipment. This was a confidential conversation.
“You’ve been reading my diary, huh?” Tony snarks, but the truth is, he doesn’t like Steve knowing all of this without his consent.
You’ve already earned yourself one punishment for the night. Are you trying to go for two? Get over here. Now. -S
Dutifully, JARVIS replied “7:35 pm, Sir. And might I add, that shirt looks fine with those slacks.”
Steve leans forward, pretzeling Tony in half to catch the other man’s mouth with his own. It’s the most important kiss of either man’s life, but it’s also the most simple.
The speakers in the workshop decreased to 14% to accommodate for JARVIS' announcement. He could already feel the tension as Tony's head popped out from under the hood of the car, eyebrow raised.
It was his own floor. His office door was at the far end of the hall, with a few intern and assistant desks lining the windows on either side.
“Fuck!” Tony cries out, immediately bending in half to cradle his ankle to his chest. It throbs in a way Tony’s never felt before and he’s absolutely sure it’s at least sprained, if not totally broken.
“N-No, Sir” Tony stuttered, voice raspy and desperate.
“I’m Steve Rogers, I’m a ranger in the preserve. You’re in my bedroom, which is in a cabin, in the middle of the woods.”
The order clicked in Tony’s mind a moment later and he slowly stretched himself out, face down on the floor. He then started rutting like a dog against the floor. It was humiliating as all hell, but Tony didn’t care enough to stop, the rough fabric against his dick felt amazing. He just wanted to go and go until he--
As it were, Steve was born a werewolf, and that was thanks to his mother. His father was a human who fell in love with her despite her flaws. However, on his fourteenth birthday Steve got a lot more than a cake, and when his teeth extended to fangs, his father couldn’t take it and left.
When they arrived on their floor, Steve pulled away from Tony and stepped off the elevator. “Crawl with me,” Steve said, hands in his pockets.
“There’s…” Tony growls softly, and heads toward the stairway, pushing open the door and leaving without another word.
“Okay.” Steve nods as well, “and I’m sorry.”
“Steve…” Tony’s tony was desperate, a little panicked, and worst of all broken. Steve’s entire façade drops to the floor at that sound
“What did we learn today, Stark?” Steve asked as he climbed off the table, wiping his hand on Tony’s undershirt.
Tony’s eyes shoot open when he realizes this isn’t where he fell asleep, or lost consciousness  anyway. Whose room is this? Whose bed is this? Where the hell is he?
Tony gave Camera 27 D a deadpan expression, “yeah thanks, J. Since when did you become such a fashionista?”
“Don’t say anything, okay? Your time to speak is over.” Steve hates being this harsh, but he has no other choice, Tony has given him nothing but grief. “You’re so frustrating, you don’t even realize what’s to come.
“Help!”
Steve watched him walk off, a small part of him hoping Tony would defy him again.
Once he's alone again, Tony looks back to the un-marred skin of his leg, running his fingers over it curiously. It's like nothing had ever happened, but if his memories of jaws piercing skin weren’t enough, he has bloodied up gauze to prove that there was once an injury there.
Tony jumps at the sound, turning to face Steve. He can feel the broken counter pressing into his back, but he has more important issues to deal with at the moment.
“Hello?” He calls softly, “is there someone there?”
Steve's expression fell, and JARVIS noted a sudden uptick in his heart rate. "Oh uh," he glanced around the workshop again. "Could you let him know I'm here? I'd like to speak with him if I could."
The elevator door opens, and Tony is more than happy to step out of the small confined space and into his wide open office. The sun is going down just beyond the tops of the tallest buildings in the city, he can see it just outside his window. Tony doesn’t want to go to a gym, he wants to be outside, and it’s the strangest feeling.
With that, he pulled out his cock and rested it against Tony's lips. It took a second for Tony to register the thick flesh, and when he did, he took as much as he could into his mouth.
“What do you mean?”
He doesn’t like what Steve is saying, but he knows deep down the man is right. All this time Tony had spent ignoring the beast inside him, trying to push Steve away and deny that anything was happening, but it's not going away. It's time to accept that.
Time to walk away from the conversation, Tony -S
“Count,” Steve said.
Pepper gives Tony an unconvinced glance before shrugging it off. Tony hadn't had a vacation in months. He's allowed a small breakdown, especially if it means Tony's doing something productive and good for himself for a change. Going for a run would work to improve his health, rather than the alternative of binge drinking, the route he normally takes.
Heading out of the door, the woman stops and turns back to Tony, "hey, whatever you decide to do, be careful."
“Tony, you don’t understand!” Steve follows him out, but doesn’t go farther than his doorstep.
“Maybe you should go and get some rest?”
“He’s in the elevator now, Sir.”
Steve could sense Tony’s discomfort, and pulled his finger from him. Instead, Steve leaned over Tony, his arm up by the other man’s head for support and his hand completely covering his erection.
“Ready for another round?” Steve asks, because what else is there to say?
“Enough” Steve barked.
“Hands on those cheeks,” Steve said as he knelt on the bed behind Tony. “I wanna see that hole.”
With that, Tony reluctantly snapped his mouth shut. He gripped at Steve's uniform shirt, attempting to pry it off, but was only getting as far as a sharp tug before his arms were pinned above his head.
“You’re putting the entire city in danger, you need to learn to control yourself before the moon. Tame the wolf inside of you, work together as one, and everything else will click into place.”
The wolf tilts his head back and lets out a fierce, helpless howl, one that breaks Steve’s heart and he grips Tony tightly and buries his face into the fur on Tony’s back. The anxiety Steve is feeling for Tony is a hundred times worse for the wolf himself, he’s practically vibrating under Steve’s hold, desperate for escape.
Tony’s hand moved quick to release himself, hand moving back to his side. “S-Sorry, Sir,” he stuttered distantly.
“Don’t,” Steve frowns, his shoulders tensing immediately. “Don’t laugh like this is some joke, I’m not playing around. I’m a werewolf, and I bit you last night. Do you realize what that means?”
Steve relaxes when he finds no danger threatening his…Tony, threatening Tony.
“Stark…as in…”
They explore each other’s mouths for a while, hands roaming over every scar and mark on the other’s skin. And when they’re satisfied with that, Steve rolls onto his side, Tony never letting him get too far, and they just stare. It would be strange for anyone else, the amount of time spent just looking at one another, no words exchanged, but for Steve and Tony, it's all they need in the world.
Steve doesn’t show his face at the office anymore, and that’s probably for the best considering Tony had been two seconds away from calling the police the last time he came. He wouldn’t have actually called them, but the threat was still there.
Steve reached up and messed Tony’s slicked back, well kept hair. He wanted the other man to look as unkempt and sloppy as possible for this next floor. This would be the big one. Steve drove it home by leaning in and sucking a quick dark bruise into Tony’s throat just as the doors opened again.
Without any more warning, Steve slapped Tony’s ass. He gave an even amount to each cheek, loved the way all that pale skin turned pink and swollen with every smack. It cut through the silence of the room with a sharp sound followed by a soft groan from Tony and a whimpered number.
Good riddance.
As soon as the words left Tony's lips, Steve had their mouths smashed together, one hand tugged the brunet’s locks, and his other hand pulled at the collar of his shirt.
Call Failed.
The meeting is called early, but it’s not as if anyone’s terribly broken up about it. Most board members would prefer to be at home having dinner with their families than here discussing stock options for way too long.
Tony tensed when he felt Steve’s finger. It wouldn’t work, not without lubrication of some sort. He bit his bottom lip and focused instead on the large hand wrapped tight around his cock.
Tony's breath hitched at that statement, his hips involuntarily bucked up into the motion. Still refusing to speak until Steve's hand tightened around his cock, the billionaire yelped, then clenched his jaw.
Steve knows it's Tony before the phone even starts ringing. Still he lets it go once or twice before he answers. This is the man who had spent the last month blowing Steve off, after all.
Steve had explained how most newly turned werewolves don’t make it past their first full moon without an alpha’s guidance. Either the pain of the transformation would be too much for their fragile human state, or the hunters would get them. But some, some would turn on their first full moon taking their wolf’s shape, and never shift back, they’d take off into the wild, never to be heard of again.
“Stand down, Stark, I mean it…” Steve warned.
Pepper clutches her planner tight to her chest, Tony can see the knuckles going white. Her jaw is set in that way it only gets when Tony's done something really wrong, like missed the meeting she'd rescheduled for this morning after Tony'd ruined it the previous evening.
"Mute," Tony replied, effectively silencing the AI. If he only had a limited amount of time, he wanted to focus.
Steve physically flinches at the mention of that film. “Oh God, no.” he shakes his head quickly. “No, no, an actual werewolf movie, American Werewolf In London? The Wolfman?”
Steve’s the one who finally breaks the silence, after almost two hours of exploration.
“While you were out you had a visitor," she mentions as Tony takes the items from her. “Said his name was Steve Rogers and it was very important that he spoke to you right away. There’s a few messages from him as well,” she nods to the folder, “but I told him you were out sick.”
Tony’s cheerful mood diminishes quickly, narrowing his eyes. Steve has a point, but not one good enough for Tony to believe in mythological creatures. “Maybe it wasn’t as bad as I thought it was. Maybe it was just twisted, or bruised and now I’m fine.”
Tony didn’t say a thing, his eyes closed as he reveled in the afterglow of a good release.
“Tony,” The werewolf says, standing up from his place on the couch, and any hint of patience Steve might have had is gone as he stands in front of Tony and shouts “sit!”
Steve pulled his phone out, tapped out a quick message and hit sent. From across the room he watched as Tony pulled his phone out to read the message.
Steve huffs, he’s losing his patience with this man, and he’s running out of time.
As Steve scrubs at a dish, warm water washing the suds away, Tony stands to his right to dry. It's not the greatest assembly line, but it gets the job done.
With just a few more tugs, Steve had Tony coming apart beneath him, coating Steve’s hand as well as his own torso with his release. He buried his face in Steve’s arm to muffle his moans of pleasure.
“Looks like you could use a little friction,” Steve said to Tony. “Do you wanna rub your cock a little?”
Tony frowns and tries again.
Tony raises an eyebrow.
“I found you on the hiking trail last night,” Steve says, “you know you shouldn’t be in the preserve after dark…”
Tony replied by unbuttoning his pants, which left a gap in the back perfect for Steve’s hand to slip down. Steve knew Tony wasn’t wearing underwear tonight, because Steve made sure of it. All part of the plan.
He pressed a hand on Tony’s shoulder and gave it a squeeze, “it’s okay, baby. I’m going to make you feel so good. I promise.”
Wait a minute.
Two more thrusts and Tony was cumming hard, untouched. He moaned, and arched, and clenched sweet satisfaction right around Steve’s cock. And, well, that was all Steve needed to finish too. He talked up a pretty good act, but at the end of the day, it was Tony’s pleasure that brought him his own pleasure.
Suddenly it hit Tony, but he couldn’t stop his legs from moving him forward. This wasn’t about checking to see if anyone was here, it was about humiliation. It was about putting Tony in a place where he was used to being in a position of power, and removing that power from him. His dick gave a twitch of pleasure as he stepped out onto the floor.
“Did you really have to--”
“Good boy,” Steve praised. “Crawl yourself into the bedroom,” he went on. “Get undressed and onto the bed, lay on your stomach with a pillow under those slutty hips of yours.”
This time he didn’t stop Steve at the door or ask Tony’s permission to allow him in. This time Steve stopped outside the workshop door, but he did not peer in expectantly. Instead he tapped the glass, until a number pad appeared. Steve typed in '1776' and his personal access code opened the door.
With his free hand, Steve reached up to unzip Tony’s shirt, pulling it down at a teasing pace. All through this, he pressed their hips together.
“I never said you wanted to kill me,” Tony says, eyebrow raised.
Steve’s heart stutters with every insult Tony gives himself, and shakes his head even though Tony can’t see the gesture.
“Okay no, stop. We’re getting away from the point here, and we need to talk. So maybe we should take this into the living room. I can finish the dishes later, you should be sitting when you hear this.”
The lube was never far away from them. They kept a bottle in most rooms of the penthouse, just in case, but the one at their bedside was the biggest. It was the one that was used the most, and it was the one Steve grabbed tonight.
"What the hell is wrong with you?” Steve asked, through gritted teeth. “I mean really, how many times do we have to go through this, Stark?!"
Tony opens his mouth to object to the hand around his arm, to call for security, to make a scene, but he doesn’t make a sound. Instead he follows after Steve, and for the short moment that his arm is gripped, Tony’s aches are relieved and the throbbing in his head eases. But it’s over just as quick, and Tony leans toward Steve, swallowing down a whimper at the loss of contact.
“I’m still pissed at you,” Tony says, picking himself up off the floor.
Steve didn’t wait, he seated himself fully, then pulled out to do it again. He started his pace hard and fast and didn’t let up. Now that he was finally inside Tony there would be no holding back. He wanted that friction, he wanted to feel Tony tighten around him with every thrust he gave. Every time Tony lost control it was such a beautiful sound, a perfect sensation of tightening around him. He wanted that, and he wasn’t going to make the other wait any longer for it.
The man lets out a bark of a laugh and shakes his head.
Tony growls and it takes absolutely everything in his power to not get out of bed and chuck something really heavy down the eight floors toward the two people. He grips another pillow to his head, practically smothering himself in the process. He hears fabric rip in his frustration, a tingling sensation at the tips of his fingers.
“What?”
When Charlie, the mail girl, comes up with a stack of letters and a cup of coffee for Tony on Monday morning, Tony snaps at her. There's not enough sugar in the coffee, and why did LeAnne have to take her vacation this week? Why didn’t she properly train this mail-deliverer how to make a good cup of coffee?
Tony shakes his head, “no, that’s alright, thanks. Wait, you don’t smell that?”
“Up,” he ordered.
“I’m a werewolf…”
“Okay, listen. I’m your alpha, Tony, I’m the one who turned you…” Steve gives Tony a look, as if waiting for Tony to put two and two together.
The man has really no defense, he just keeps calling the woman terms of endearment. Baby, sweetheart, babe, darling, please just listen to me, please, those other women don’t mean anything to me. Clearly drunk. Rookie.
“You want to take the lead, Director?” Because Steve wasn’t the only one with a fancy title now, and he had no problem using it against Tony. “By all means, show me the ropes…”
“So, hey,” Steve starts, casually. He passes Tony the dish he was just washing, picking up a mug. “How much of last night do you actually remember?”
“Yeah,” Tony scoffs, “I’ll call you when I grow a tail, how’s that sound?” Because sarcasm and humor are Tony’s only defenses when it comes to things like this.
Tony slapped Steve’s hand away from his chest, this wasn’t how he imagined this debriefing would go, but Tony would take Steve on even without his suit of armor. Steve stepped closer, their chests bumping together.
“Next floor, JARVIS.”
He’s well aware of his temper growing worse by the day. His hands shake, and his legs bounce and he can’t sit still for longer than twenty minutes without having to get up and jog around his office. It’s bothersome, but no one dares mention anything.
Despite the thirty minute distance between the tower and the preserve, Tony makes it home in ten minutes, even in the midst of rush hour traffic. He's lucky to not get pulled over by the cops, because his story's not likely to make much sense to anyone who didn’t experience it first-hand. Which also means that when he gets home to find Pepper waiting for him in the lobby of the tower, he's going to have a very difficult time explaining things to her. And boy does she look like she needs an explanation.
“Made quite a spread, huh?” Tony asks, mixing in cream and sugar, leaving his own coffee bitter and black.
“Please! Someone help!” Tony shouts again.
Before Tony could even think about wiping his mouth, Steve spoke down to him. "I want to see you take it all. Eat up, Director."
Once Steve heard the movement settle, he made his way into the bedroom. He set the water bottles down on the side table and rounded the bed where Tony could see him.
And she’s loaded… -T
“Yes, you heard me. Last night, that wolf that attacked you, that was me.”
For a moment, Steve remained pressed into Tony, kept his thick load right where it belonged. He leaned over the other man, trying to catch his breath with his forehead pressed against the middle of Tony’s back.
Although the blond was beyond the point of pissed off, he didn’t know what to do anymore, reprimanding Tony held no weight; it was as if he was talking to himself. That didn’t mean Steve wouldn’t try.
Despite the pain rushing through him from his ankle, Tony picks himself up and grabs onto tree after tree as he half-hops as fast as he can. There’s a whimper from the animal behind him, but it doesn’t stay down for long.
Tony exhaled sharply, moved closer to Steve, cheeks flushed. God forbid anyone hear Steve talk to him like that, especially at an event like this.
Tony frowns at that, “please don’t tell me you’re still on that.”
Pepper tenses, her look of concern icing over into the cold, professional glare she used to turn stomachs in a board meeting.
“No.” Tony presses his hands to the beard on his face and shakes his head looking over himself in horror. “No no no, this is…this is too much. This is absolutely…this is impossible!” Tony shouts, his hands slamming down against the countertop in front of him. He can feel the marble crack under the weight of his palms, fingers gripping, knuckles white.
"It's a full moon tonight, all sorts of crazies out there." She gives a teasing smile and half a wave before exiting the office. She has much more on her plate than taking care of Tony this time.
“What the hell is happening to me?!” He cries, to no one in particular, head hung low, eyes shut as he concentrates on his breathing.
Steve aligned the papers with a light tap against the table, the glare still presenting itself at Tony. Steve then got up from his seat, his footsteps clicked loudly in the silent room, making his way to the other end of the table where Tony was still avoiding eye contact.
“Out of line,” she warns, watching him carefully.
“Crazy guy who—Tony, really? I’m a park ranger, it’s more convenient for me to live in the woods, first of all. Secondly, owning a wolf is illegal in this state, and finally why would I save your life if I just wanted to kill you?”
“Mmm--” Tony began.
The howl cuts through the woods again, this time it sounds much closer and Tony’s heart is racing. There’s no way he’s going to be prey to any shitty woodland creatures, not tonight, not any night, he’s Tony fucking Stark.
“Dammit!” Tony shouts, nearly throwing the phone against a tree before thinking better of it and sliding it into his pocket. What good is a phone with no service, anyway?
“Please--” Tony gasped.
Still, he thinks, it was rather strange how sharp the smell of the pizza had been from five floors away. He reaches into his trash bin and pulls the paper previously tossed away, unravels it and adds Steve’s number to his contacts.
Without any warning, Steve reached a hand down to his opening and pressed a finger in. Probing around and trying to loosen Tony up, only to mentally kick himself for not having lube handy. Tony was so damn tight.
“…And that’s when I found you, laying on the ground…”
“Tony, sweetheart, could you do me a huge favor?” Steve’s tone was sweet, but Tony knew better. This wasn’t a favor, nor was it a suggestion. This was an order and he knew if he didn’t comply there would be more punishment to follow. “Could you go on out there and see if anyone’s here?”
“Oh just fit as a fiddle,” Tony rolls his eyes, “especially with the super senses.”
With his eyes squeezed shut, Steve found himself completely lost in the pleasure, letting himself be consumed by it. He didn't get a chance to warn Tony he was going come. The orgasm was enough to almost make his knees buckle. Luckily, Tony's choking brought him back.
‘I’m not on the clock, buddy, beat it.’
‘Oh yeah?’ Tony taunts, biting at the plush skin of the supersoldier’s bottom lip, ‘What you exactly going to do about it, honey?’
It’s something Steve has now learned to cope with over the years and while he doesn’t feel the same crawling anxiety he used to when the heat of battle has cooled, he still keeps his washing routine and the other Avengers know better than to disturb it.
‘No thanks,’ Steve replies, cracking his neck and heading for the door, ‘I’ll take the stairs.’
‘Whose got a lover?’ A voice calls out from above, as another shadowy figure swings down towards them from a large radio aerial, ‘Hey, guys. This some kind of secret hero club going on up here?’
‘Oh I have every faith in you, Captain.’ Pepper coos sweetly, her tone going surprisingly playful, ‘If anyone can get through to Tony, it’ll be you.’
To make matters worse, Johnny Storm and Reed Richards have also been asked to fill in with the other Avengers while the pair of them are gone. Meaning that, for the first time since Thanos, a set of superhero units are joining together officially and neither Tony nor Steve are there to witness it (read: mastermind it like the pair of obsessive control-freaks they are).
‘Tony’s gone canoeing? Which river?’ Steve asks, concerned.
‘No way!’ Tony crows, jumping back and whipping out his phone, ‘Did Elon kill him? That South African bastard!’
‘Shit, I’m out, dude.’ Sam says instantly, abandoning his untouched coffee and jumping up to grab his coat from the back of a beanbag.
for any of this do you?’ Bruce asks tentatively.
, Tony’s big brown eyes and his unique charm unknowingly made the very same supersoldier question everything he ever thought he knew about himself and his heart after coming
‘What did I do? What did I do?’ Tony  protests between giggles.
Tony’s laugh, crisp and pleased, echoes pleasantly through the room as he slides in to place on the sofa opposite Steve, drink in hand.
‘Yes, Captain?’
While his personal suite at the Tower has its own fully-functional kitchen, Steve likes the view from the communal one better and prefers to take his breakfast there whenever he can.
He skilfully hovers the Iron Man suit just meters above the park’s footpath as he goes, using the repulsors to push some of the worst of the smouldering metal detritus back on to the grass. When Tony reaches a little patio clearing with a lamppost, he swings happily around it Gene Kelly style, turning briefly back to give Steve a little salute, before he’s off again in a flash of red and gold.
Tony seems to love to come down to Bruce’s lab. He’s not a scientist by trade, but he often says he finds the disciplined process of Bruce’s work fascinating. Plus, he likes nothing more than to annoy the doctor by moving things around on his desk.
‘No thanks.’ Steve answers, shaking his head, ‘It’s a little early for me.’
Up in the penthouse, it’s soothingly quiet.
‘And if I refuse?’ Steve groans, voice muffled by the sweaty faux-leather in his mouth.
, Steve also has an important counter proposal: Though they might not be obvious, Tony Stark
‘I just wanted to make sure that . . . you don’t blame
might do.
‘Sure.’ Steve replies, ignoring the way his pulse gives a little skip at the mention of Tony’s name.
.’ Tony complains dramatically, starting up his repulsors with a flash of blue and orange, calling out to the others, ‘Come on kids, little league practice is over, daddy wants to get Chinese food!’
running semi-naked in to heavy ordnance, Brucie-bear. Which really, is how you get yourself in to these situations in the first place.’ Tony chuckles, tossing a salted peanut in to his mouth, ‘No french kissing robot bombs equals no burnt undies.’
Apparently, the mass spectrometer incident was just one in a long line of destruction Tony has caused to Richards’ lab equipment and in retaliation Mr Fantastic is having his revenge by flexing his superior knowledge of carbon-based material development in Iron Man’s face.
Outside the window, the twinkling lights of the city illuminate the streets below and across the inky black heavens, a pale half-moon fills the sky with a luminous glow.
Steve’s eyes burnt and exhaustion ached deep in his bones by the time he finally arrived home. All he had the energy for was to fall directly in to his shower and begin his post-fight ritual of scrubbing himself thoroughly.
some second-hand confirmation that they’ve tried to resolve their issues like grown-ups, instead of throwing things around like ‘stupid, useless, two year-old motherfuckers’ as he so eloquently puts it.
‘I think,’ moans a satisfied Tony from next to him, his head resting on Steve’s shoulder, ‘That you broke my ass, Cap.’
Silence falls between them for a few moments and the hum of machinery and the computer mouse clicking starts almost to lull Steve to sleep.
‘I still don’t get that about you. Didn’t you live in a beach house in Malibu for years?’ Steve laughs, shaking his head in confusion.
Which, okay, Steve definitely
‘Bye, cheater.’ Tony calls after them, as Bruce and Richards put their cups in the dishwasher and head towards the elevator, ‘Call me when you need my help.’
‘Oh, good morning.’ Bruce says, turning to grin at him, ‘I thought you might be up. Steve, this is Dr Reed Richards, aka Mr Fantastic. Reed, this is Steve Rogers, aka—’
‘Ooh, wait for me!’ Peter calls, swinging away after him, ‘I have a legal question for my sociology homework. Uhh, Mr Devil? Hey! Wait! Gotta dash, bye other superhero co-workers.’
‘Tony, what are you—?’
‘Goddamn, it’s hot as balls out here!’ Tony grumbles, walking over to Steve and Natasha with a little silver tray he is balancing their drinks on, ‘You guys are crazy.’
Steve is blind-sided by this information and for a moment doesn’t know how to reply. Somehow, through the ether, Pepper must know this too, because she continues softly:
It’s far worse than how it used to feel, seeing Howard flirt with Peggy back in the day and doubly worse than how it used to feel watching Bucky with any of his dates.
‘You crack me up sometimes, Cap.’ He chuckles, pausing for a moment and then turning serious, ‘We have got to talk though.’
‘Turning workshop glass to full opacity, sir.’
This time though, he doesn’t even need to. Tony’s grip is still branding a mark on his shoulder, when across the terrace, Natasha takes off her sunglasses and sits up suddenly.
‘The NYC Pavement River.’ Pepper snaps, ‘In fact, why don’t you just take a look out the window actually; look down towards the set of traffic lights directly in front of the tower.’
‘You aren’t gonna ask me anythin’ more?’ Steve asks.
‘Pull the other one, Captain Idiot, I’ve known you were hot for cats as well as dames since you were in short trousers. Hell,
‘Why?’ Steve demands, completely forgetting his manners.
Clint had been reluctant to agree to this at first,
‘I already have a previous profile for Jonathan Lowell Spencer Storm saved to my data banks by Mr Stark, Captain.’ JARVIS says calmly, ‘Shall I read it to you?’
He often replays the messages Tony leaves him; the man’s voice always sounds so casual and easy, like the old radio stars on the wireless. The masculine tones bouncing off the walls of Steve’s quiet apartment and filling the stillness with that little bit of Tony’s trademark Stark liveliness.
‘Oh, and I suppose
Tony stops dead, voice dropping away and his whole face going bright pink. Steve looks down at the floor, his heart beating a mile a minute and his own cheeks turning a flush of red.
‘JARVIS?’ Tony calls out delightedly as Steve walks him across the granite floor towards his bedroom, ‘Take a picture of this will you? Nice angles and everything.’
‘I’m not sure he’ll listen to me, Miss Potts, Tony seems rather .  .  . involved these days.’
from all the galaxy travelling and thus stopped him from going back through a time portal.
The doors open, and Tony doesn’t wait for Pepper’s response as he walks into his penthouse, shedding clothes on the way.
“Take me,” Tony moans, his eyes are wide as saucers as he looks up at Steve.
“...Ten” Tony said once the punishment was over. By now he was sweating all over, doing his best not to rut right into the pillow below him lest he receive more spankings.
The scene had started long before they left the house for the night. Whether or not Tony knew that, was of little concern to Steve. He was too far focused on dressing Tony up just the way he liked, something he didn’t typically do for events.
"You come when I say so, Stark." Another command that made Tony's glare piercing enough to shoot daggers. Nevertheless, Steve found it amusing, knowing that Tony would comply.
“Am I dead? Is this heaven?” Tony asks, his hands running over the sheets beneath him.
“I’m going to go now,” She says, taking a breath to calm herself before she'd lose that cool composure she's worked so long to perfect. “And when you decide you want to have a civilized conversation that doesn’t involve slinging unnecessary, and downright hurtful insults? Go ahead and give me a call.”
Immediately Tony’s hips stilled and lifted off the carpet. Steve almost regretted the order, it was an odd turn on to watch Tony fuck himself against the carpet. But Steve didn’t want to make a mess, and he didn’t want this to end so soon.
So he went for it, and he didn’t stop going for it. Over and over and over Steve pounded hard right into Tony’s spot. The man beneath him was a writhing mess. He gasped and babbled and pleaded, he needed to cum, he couldn’t hold back anymore.
“Shh” Steve shushed as the elevator stopped at their first floor.
“Well it wouldn’t be the first time,” Tony shrugs.
The air kicked on immediately, cooling the two tipsy men. Rhodey was on the couch now too, feet propped onto the table next to Tony.
“Hmm,” Steve hums, setting his coffee mug down as he flips a page to continue reading.
That was an odd request. Tony furrowed his brow in confusion. Steve knew there was no one here past ten, what was the point of checking? Is that why they’d be visiting so many floors? He could do a security camera sweep of the building in ten seconds if Steve was worried.
Steve absolutely loved the way Tony looked when he took orders from him. He loved most things about Tony actually, but tonight wasn’t about love. Tonight was about humiliation and control. It was about getting Tony to that quiet place deep inside his mind where he was nothing more than a feeling. And Steve knew exactly how to do it.
Steve chuckled as he approached Tony's desk. He bused a kiss to the top of his head before flopping into the chair beside him. "So I am." He checked the watch on his wrist "go ahead and finish up. You got nine minutes."
So when Tony looks up from where his fingers have been tapping his pen against the conference table to everyone staring at him with disgruntled looks, he’s at a loss. He didn’t even realize he’d been doing it.
Steve pulled back and turned his cheek. “I’ll get the car. You get the coats,” he said in a tone that still sounded like a suggestion.
The adrenaline from the change exhausted Tony, so one firm tug from Steve has him spilling all over himself with a cry of Steve’s name. Clenching around the other has Steve coming at the same time, filling Tony and officiating their bond.
The way Tony had tucked the pillow up under himself put his ass on a perfect display. First he’d get spanked, then he’d get fucked, and Steve wouldn’t even need to move him much.
“It means I don’t have time to keep up with Hollywood’s latest and greatest…” Tony takes another pull from his glass and sighs.
And Steve gets it. Tony’s sudden rush of lust, it’s a mutual affection. Tony feels the bond, and his every instinct is to make it official, and Steve’s is the same. The full moon means more to them than just a force transformation, it’s the time their kind feels the most alive.
The wolf whimpers, but the more Steve speaks, the calmer Tony seems to become.
“Well you’re right on that front, I was born a werewolf, however I know a lot more than you’d think. I can feel what you’re feeling,” Steve explains calmly.
Blinking rapidly to clear the sleep from his eyes, he looks around the room, taking in the surroundings as quickly as he can.
Steve stands by helplessly as Tony’s body jolts and twitches, bones shifting beneath his skin, realigning into the shape of the animal he’s to become. Tony cries out again as fur sprouts up in all directions, his clothing ripping under his contorting body, the shape changing entirely. Hands become paws, hair becomes fur, his mouth and nose extending until he takes the shape of one seriously pissed off wolf.
They didn’t speak, at least not until Tony inhaled, then let out a long, dramatic sigh.
From what it sounds like, the woman below is upset because, yet again, her boyfriend ditched her in the middle of a crowded nightclub in favor of hanging out with his friends, and buying drinks for other women. And don’t think she hasn’t noticed the way he grinds on some of those ladies on the dance floor. It’s disgusting.
“Do you know how many times I called you?” Pepper asks tightly, trailing behind Tony as he bypasses her and heads straight for the elevator.
Tony fell back onto the bed, and Steve tumbled down on top of him, they were kissing. JARVIS could tell that much. He heard a laugh from Tony, then a laugh from Steve, then a few more pleasant sounds.
“That’s not what I meant,” the blond sighs softly and sets the paper down. “How was your meal?” He asks, eyebrows raised.
“Psycho” he mutters to himself, ignoring the strange fluttering in his chest, before flipping to a few of the more important documents.
“And you might as well give that up now, alcohol isn’t going to do much for you anymore.”
Bacon is all Tony can think about when he finally wakes up. And that’s probably thanks to the smell of freshly cooked bacon that’s filling the room. No, it’s not just filling the room, it’s completely taking over Tony’s entire sense of smell.
Back on the elevator, Tony pressed his face against the bulge in the front of Steve’s pants. He was panting and flushed a seemingly permanent red as he nuzzled into Steve’s groin. To Steve’s credit he didn’t cum right then and there. Instead he called out to skip the next few floors and instead the elevator took them straight up to the penthouse.
“Breathe,” Steve said as he lined himself and pushed himself in.
With the sun gone, Tony can see even less than before. His phone is on its last life, not that it matters all that much, out in the woods he's not getting service anyway.
“Right, okay, except” Tony takes a few calming breaths, “I can’t be turned into a werewolf because I’m already a vampire!” Tony starts laughing again.
Tony’s gaze snapped to Steve. "As many times as it takes for you to realize that you're doing practically nothing out there. You're so worried about keeping everyone alive that nothing's getting done!"
Sharp nails rip the expensive leather to shreds, and Steve’s on top of Tony in an instant holding him down against the couch. He can’t let Tony free. If he gets out, any civilian within a ten mile radius will be in danger. Tony would put himself in danger, Steve can’t let anything happen to Tony. He's not sure he could live without Tony, now that he’s met him. His mate.
"Yes, Sir."
"Just get me off okay, do it." It was as if Tony laid his pride out on the table, only to have it crushed by the wide smirk painted on the blond's face.
Steve’s eyes drifted down to watch his seed dribble down Tony's chin, and some splattered in his goatee.
“Baby,” Steve began after a few minutes of touching. Next, Steve needed to coax Tony back to himself. “Hey,” he said, lips close to Tony’s ear. “You did such a good job tonight, you were so good for me, sweetheart. I love you so much. Tony, you were so beautiful tonight, you were so wonderful, I love you. You make me so proud, Tony.”
Through Tony’s lovely black slacks, Steve could see how hard the other man was already. He was probably leaking all over the inside of his very expensive pants, and that turned Steve on very much. They hit another bump and Tony grabbed the handle on the door for purchase.
“Should we take this somewhere more private?”
When Steve slips out from inside Tony, it’s a disappointing feeling for both of them. Tony wraps his arms around Steve, pulling him close as he relaxes his legs on either side of the other man’s hips. The kiss is deeper now, more sensual with the rush of lust at bay.
“Rest? I can’t even sit still. I need to…I feel like I should, I don’t know, go for a run, maybe?”
Before Tony could ask, Steve stepped in front of him, he reached down the front of his pants and pulled his cock right out on display. The way his pants were unzipped in front framed his heavy balls perfectly and Steve gave him a gentle squeeze before stepping away.
Steve had just about had it with Tony’s constant insolence. His inability to work with others surpassed absolutely anything Steve could ever imagine in a headstrong fool.
topics are mentioned around him.
‘It’s not that.’ Steve cuts him off sharply, ‘It’s definitely not that.’
‘Is everything alright, Bruce?’ Steve asks, voice laced with concern.
‘Are you allowed to tell me what sort of relationship they might of had, JARVIS?’ He asks quietly.
At first he’d seemed frustrated, ignoring the kid’s innuendos and shepherding him into the lab like an unruly puppy. Then, after a while, when others were around and they’d gotten used to Johnny, Tony seemed almost flattered. His face smugly fixed in an ‘I-told-you-I-was-irresistible-isn’t-my-life-a-burden’ smirk whenever Storm got flirty in front of any Avenger.
actually have many good qualities.
So, like any coward, instead of facing it head on, avoidance had seemed like the best strategy.
‘Tony doesn’t hate me. We’re past that. At least, I hope we are. Do you have a reason to believe otherwise, Buck? Cos if you do, you should tell me.’
guys.
‘Black out the joint too, JARVIS. I don’t want anyone seeing in here.’
No one sets out to fall in love with Tony Stark.
‘Tony,’ Steve says gently gathering the man up in to his arms and kissing the top of his dark curls, ‘you know I don’t expect anything from you.’
‘Watch your damn mouth, Stark.’ Steve warns, ‘You don’t know a thing about me and him.’
Forget being Captain America!
They all have their own personal little post-fight rituals anyway. Clint likes to repair any damage to his bow, Natasha likes to sit alone in silence, Bruce hides in his lab, Tony eats himself silly and Thor downs buckets of fresh beer like he’s preparing for a shortage.
‘You seriously askin’, or this your new way of ragging on me?’ Steve grunts from his armchair, glaring moodily out the window.
interest in moving on seriously with anyone.
‘Uhh, no. Is that a . . . a tricorn hat?’
(Even after all this time, talking to Pepper still feels like he is talking to one of the razor-sharp administration girls, from the MI5 office in London, during the war - like she can somehow smell his secrets down the phone line.)
explains why I’ve been hearing that you’ve been having super-secret slumber parties with Snow Patrol again.’ Tony rambles on, ‘Nice way to lick your supposed wounds, Rogers. Barnes is very attractive after all. Wish I’d thought of that with Johnny actually, instead of just sitting here on my hands, trying to figure out what exactly I’ve done to piss you off
‘Oh, Jesus.’ Tony mumbles, letting go of Steve’s shoulder and standing up abruptly, ‘Doesn’t he ever do as he’s fucking told?’
‘Slander.’ Tony retorts, holding on to the doorframe as Bruce tries to push him out.
There is a moment of pause.
‘I’m afraid I don’t quite follow you now, ma’am.’ Steve replies, wrapping the phone cord absentmindedly around his fingers.
‘It would appear as though The Pentagon is under attack from hostile alien creatures that experts are calling ‘space witches’. Currently, the Avengers are on the scene, but it is unclear how long this skeleton team can hold out against—’
‘Not a pretty sight, is it?’
‘And what will you have me do with the image, sir?’ JARVIS replies in a long-suffering tone.
‘I’m honestly fine, Bruce.’ Steve says gently, handing the flask back politely and looking out over the city, ‘In fact, I’m actually enjoying the time off.’
For once, the memories don’t even hurt. Steve simply lets them amalgamate with the current taste of traffic fumes in the breeze, the smell of sun cream on Natasha’s skin as she lounges on a bench nearby and the sound of Tony noisily preparing cocktails at his bar inside the apartment, swearing at himself that there isn’t enough lemon.
‘I’m not complaining! I’m just warning you not to expect round two anytime soon.’
of illicit substances. Mum and Dad had been gone for a while and Obie had the company in a stranglehold. I guess I was bored and just filling in the void by trying as many new things as I could. Johnny Storm was just one in a long line of things.’
, as it seems like that won’t happen anytime this century, I thought it best to confront the problem head on. You know, before we have to work together on a superhero squad or something like that.’
‘Oh no, no problem at all.’ Pepper says airily, ‘Just that the face of the biggest corporation on the planet is currently drunk canoeing live on national television.’
to simply put up the new fabric on a titanium hanger in his workshop and throw pipe bombs at it.
know that none of what’s honest and decent about you came out of any damn bottle and if someone can’t see that, well, then they ain’t worth a red cent anyway. Now look, quit moping around, I’m here on vacation and you’re making me really depressed.’
Which,
So, Thor has taken interim control of the remaining Avengers.
want?’ Steve grunts in reply.
So, shut up in their respective lab spaces at Stark Tower - Reed aided by Bruce and Tony aided by JARVIS - both inventors have been working all month on a heat-resistant polymer composition for the Hulk’s new costume.
Which, okay, Steve doesn’t like it, but he can still sort of handle.
‘My, my, Dr Banner,’ he says lowly, pulling a thin yellow wire out of the gauntlet, ‘what big arms you have.’
‘Aaaaand there it is.’ Tony sighs, pushing himself up on to his elbow and looking down at Steve with affectionate exasperation.
‘Firstly, one of these days I
But this time, to play that sort of game with
‘I saw what I saw!’ Steve shouts, turning and slamming his fist in to the concrete wall beside him with a sickening crunch, ‘Even
Bucky just wasn’t
‘Me.’ Natasha says, voice unruffled as she dodges the pole and dives for cover across the gym, ‘Plus, practically everyone else who knows the pair of you. Even Thor knows something is up.’
‘Communication lockdown complete, sir. May I ask what you are intending to do with Captain Rogers?’
, talk about adding insult to injury.
The streak of light moves closer, so close that Steve can actually hear the roaring crackle of flames. On closer inspection, it
After a long pause, Jarvis says, almost apprehensively, ‘Shall I continue with the report, Captain Rogers?’
Holy hell!
‘I’m assuming you mean Bucky.’ Steve states, not wanting to catch his eye, ‘Sorry to disappoint you but we’re not . . . not doing . . .
‘Apologies.’ Steve Replies, dusting off his  uniform and picking up his shield, ‘Guess I got a little carried away.’
In fact, almost everyone he met, Steve included, seemed to interest Johnny in some sort of way and he was an outrageous flirt with both men and women alike.
‘JARVIS?’ He snaps without meaning to, coming to a halt by the refrigerator.
‘What does?’
‘Oh, I’m sorry. Are you ignoring Black Widow and Hawkeye too?’ Tony gasps, spanner clutched to his chest dramatically, ‘Answer: no, you’re not. It’s just me and though you may think I’m chronically antisocial, Cap, I can gather a hint from that.’
know, is that Reed Richards has taken a special interest in the process for some reason and become a permanent fixture in Bruce’s lab over the past few weeks.
Times like
Maybe it was some kind of spooky universe magic, or maybe it was just the natural progression of life. Yet somehow, some way, the months carried on going by. The tattered remains of people’s lives slowly stitched back together. Friendships were restored. Cities were rebuilt. Homes were filled with laughter again. Pepper and Tony stopped throwing things at each other in board meetings. Bruises began to fade and wounds slowly began to heal.
‘You dare throw my fucking shit at me, Rogers.’ He screams, face twisted in rage.
‘Sir, I really must protest—’ JARVIS’ voice echoes through the sitting room as Tony, in a burst of furious movement, sprints to the wall by the elevator doors, picks up a large glass vase off a shelf and hurls it violently back at Steve.
‘Everything went to hell in a handcart.’ Tony supplies, eyes going dark, ‘Yeah, I remember.’
‘Truth and justice will do that to a guy.’ Tony smirks, landing gracefully on the grass and picking stray robot-debris out of the joints of his suit, ‘It’s been a while since we were in the friendly, neighbourhood hero-ing business, I think we’ve all gotten a little heavy handed.’
Both Steve and Natasha stare blankly at the sight, their bodies taught with the thrum of adrenaline.
, as far as Steve is aware, Tony has a long romantic history with exclusively women
‘Never a dull moment around here.’ Bruce says to Steve with an amused sigh, rubbing at his neck and striding over to his computer.
was all me.’ Tony laughs humourlessly, ‘You wanna take the blame for anything, take blame for Johnny. Somehow, I don’t think I’ll be high on his list to get back together with anytime soon.’
to take it further with Tony.’ he says eventually, head dropping in to his hands, ‘After everything that happened . . . I got hints maybe that we could, but, it just never felt  like the right time. So, I made peace with it. Figured it’d just always stay a maybe. But then, this guy,
There’s only so long you can try to be secretly angry - for petty, ridiculous reasons - at Tony Stark before Tony
He is also fully aware that he has no claim to Tony
Steve thinks, shame and panic suddenly extinguishing his remaining anger and burning sickly inside his chest,
get to hate on
There’s a long pause for a while, as Bucky sits statue-still on the arm of Steve’s chair and seems to think deeply. The rhythmic ticking of the clock above the bookshelf the only sound in the room.
Tony’s workshop is a mess. It’s scattered with tools, half-finished projects, wires, schematics, blobs of soldering metal, coffee cups growing fluffy mould and piles of dirty clothes. Sometimes, when Tony’s been in there a long time, especially if he’s angry, the place starts to smell too - a pungent mixture of grease, oil, sweat and whiskey.
‘You’re unbelievable.’ Bruce scolds, sending Steve a sympathetic glance over Tony’s head, ‘We’re going now. Go be insane somewhere else, Stark.’
Which, okay, that’s the man he loves and Steve can handle it a little less, but what really makes it hard is . . .
‘Sure thing, old-timer. I’ll sign yours too.’ Tony suddenly stops dead, ‘Fair warning though: if you piss me off or try to boss me around up there, I’m ditching your red-white-and-blue ass straight in to the nearest sewage facility.’
Tony gets up quickly from his seat and crosses the room to another desk, where a large half-empty bottle of scotch sits and pours two generous measures in to a pair of glass beakers.
would lend someone an exploding piece of kit, Dr Frankenstein.’
‘Wish upon a star for an ass kicking?’ Steve laughs, rubbing at his eyes with the heel of his hand, ‘Look, much as I appreciate it, Buck, this one really
From his desk, Bruce looks up and regards Steve for a few long moments, his stare almost like a physical touch, before he laughs kindly and shakes his head.
“Well,” Tony says, setting the dry dish off to the side in the pile he’d created. He recounts the events leading up to the evening, the restless feeling, the business meeting cut short, his decision to go for a run. Then he cuts to the chase, “there must’ve been an uprooted tree of some sort, 'cause I tripped, sprained my ankle though it felt bad enough to be broken. Standing hurt too much, but my phone had no reception so that’s when I started calling for help. Probably wasn’t a very good idea, since that’s about the time the wolf showed up, it must’ve heard me yelling.”
“Ms. Potts—“
Tony’s apology and his request for a week off work to recover from whatever it is he needs to deal with.
“It’s not exactly something you forget, you know? It hurt quite a bit. Anyway, I fell over, must’ve knocked my head on a rock or something because I got knocked right out after that. I guess that’s about the time you came along?”
As Steve goes on to list the threats of an untrained person in a wildlife preserve at night, Tony completely zones him out. Instead, the memories of the previous night hit him like a bag of bricks and he's tossing the sheets off of himself to examine his injuries.
Call Failed.
Steve is no longer scrubbing, simply letting the water stream over his hands as he listens. Tony watches the water as he continues to speak.
“Pepper brought me to see one of those Twilight movies one time…”
“Dinner and dancing,” Steve replied with a laugh, the doors closed a moment later.
“Just my luck then,” Steve laughs and shakes his head. “Glad I found you alive…”
A small smile appears on Steve’s face, the taller man shaking his head.
“Tell me, Pepper” Tony says, keeping his distance as he paces. “You came over to yell at me, didn’t you? All you care about, is that I missed your meeting and made you look bad. I recall a time when you actually gave a shit about me. What happened to that Pepper?” He challenges her, tilting his head, and he knows right then that he went too far.
LeAnne looks up from where she's been typing away at her laptop and gives Tony a curious smile.
“Uh, I don’t know if you’ve realized this, but I’m the CEO of a multi-billion dollar technology, I don’t exactly have the time for science fiction movies.”
“Ready?” Steve asks, resisting the urge to reach out and still Tony’s leg, even if he knows the contact would soothe Tony enough to calm him down.
Tony picks his head up, glances at the clock on the nightstand beyond Steve’s head. It’s still early, barely even midnight. Eyes darting back to Steve’s, they glow a bright yellow, and he’s on top of Steve, straddling the other’s hips and growling.
“What is that smell?” Pepper's face scrunches up a little as she steps into the lift.
bite.
After a long moment, the two men staring each other down, Tony finally speaks.
Finally, the genius looks over at the redhead standing before him with a concerned look on her face. For a moment Tony is reminded of late nights in bed, Pepper rolling over to run tension from his shoulders as she tried to get him to open up. Those days were long gone now, replaced with sleepless nights and endless intoxicated tinkering.
There's a howl, a loud and legitimate howl, and Tony doesn’t realize it’s coming from himself until he opens his eyes and sees the look of love on Steve’s face. The man thrusts into him rhythmically, his hands leaving fast fading bruises on Tony’s hips as he howls along with him.
"I said on your knees."
“You’re…it’s going to sound absolutely crazy,” Steve prefaces it. “But I need you to keep an open mind. I need you to let me explain, and just don’t freak out okay?”
Tony dissolved into giggles then, still loopy from the night’s activities.
Where are you? -T
“Okay, this is officially the weirdest thing that’s ever happened to me.”
“You’re a new wolf, you need an alpha to show you the ropes. That’s me, I’m your alpha.”
“Help!” He shouts again, there’s a ranger station somewhere nearby, he’s sure of it. If he had any idea where he was, he would at least attempt to get up and hobble toward it.
I won’t ask again -S
Steve doesn’t need much more encouragement than that, and he pulls Tony’s legs up and over his shoulders, lips pressing to the ankle that received the bite that started it all, before sliding in.
Tony pressed himself against cold glass windows to peer into darkened offices that he knew were empty. Every little thing he did just brought him deeper and deeper into that place of eager submission. Steve loved how easy Tony was to manipulate.
“I’m fine, Pep” Tony shrugs her hands away, “too much caffeine, I think.”
From the bedroom Steve could hear Tony moving around, undressing and climbing onto the bed. He strolled casually into the kitchen to grab a couple water bottles for later, he kicked off his shoes and slid off his own jacket. His movements were slow and deliberate, not wanting to move too eagerly, Tony needed complete control from him right now.
“If you just concentrate it won’t be nearly as painful as that was, don’t fight it and it won’t hurt.”
“Sun’s going down,” he mentions, his leg bouncing up and down, restlessly.
“Hmm?”
A shaking hand reaches toward his razor, his other hand still gripping the shattered countertop, he’s sure his hand should be bleeding but he doesn’t feel anything.
For a moment, Tony hesitated. He glanced around the room, it was still early but...well, he had done a lot of crowd work already. If he slipped away now he could claim a stomach bug or an early morning meeting if anyone asked. To hell with it, Tony decided. Whatever Steve had in store would be a hell of a lot more excited than hanging around these stiffs any longer.
Tony nods.
“Light and sweet,” Steve says with a small smirk, placing the last of the bacon strips onto a plate and shutting off the stove.
Tony replied, something muffled and immediately dismissed by Steve. He was sure Tony had something extremely insightful to say right now, but he was more interested in getting his fingers wet enough to slide into him before the car ride ended.
"Well," Pepper starts, pulling her tablet from her purse. "I'm going to look into rescheduling the meeting you just cut short. How about you just let me know if you need something?"
Carefully, Tony reached back and with a hand on each cheek spread until his hole was on display for Steve. His cheeks were burning - both face and bottom - with the effort, and he was deliriously hard.
“You think you’re hot shit,” he said as he pulled Tony’s tie loose. “You walk around the office all day barking orders at everyone. But look at you now…” The buttons on Tony’s shirt were all undone leaving him truly disheveled as the door opened again, this time in HR.
“Apparently there was a murder last night,” Steve says quickly turning the page to the comics.
“So what does that mean?”
“So you’re telling me this is my fault?”
“I saw you talking to that guy. Who was he?”
It takes Steve a moment, but he nods just the same and licks his lips. But the dreams had not been just sex dreams, they were so much more than that. Tony’s about to ask what it means. Why would two people who had barely spent any time together before today, why would they be having similar, sexual dreams about one another. He’s about to, but it’s dark outside now, and in the east, Tony can see the full moon creeping up from beyond the bay.
"That's cute Commander, keep thinking that way and I'm sure eventually we'll kill something other than time." The brunet was up now, facing Steve's enraged glare.
Tony holds his hand up, stopping the blond as he approaches quickly, and shakes his head.
“There’s more where that came from,” Steve mouths against his hole before nipping at his thigh and pulling back.
Tony’s fur is jet black, a light dusting of grey coats the tips of his ears, and paws. His teeth are barred, fur standing on edge as he crouches, growling at Steve, ready to strike. Tony isn’t in his right mind, he knows the wolf has full control, the moon forcing Tony into this mindless animal. Steve had known it would happen, he'd just hoped Tony would be strong enough to hold on to that humanity.
Nick Fury had once apparently, while unusually drunk on spiked punch at a S.H.I.E.L.D Christmas party, told an amused Clint that ‘If it came down to ‘fuck, marry, kill’ for Stark, Romanov and Danvers. I’d marry Danvers, ditch the fuck and kill that Stark motherfucker twice.’
has just got out of a long-term relationship with one a little over six months ago.
As far as anyone could tell, when it came to Tony Stark, Johnny Storm and his wandering hands didn’t seem to ever take a break!!
the worst of the blood and dirt away from his face and hands.
‘Damn it, how does he even keep getting in here? Johnny, don’t you dare catch fire! And Rogers, put that damn chair down, you’ve just earned yourself an extra week on the bench.’
‘Captain Rogers?’ JARVIS asks politely, when he is out of the shower and drying himself off with one of the big, fluffy towels Tony’s housekeeping always provides for him.
‘I’ve got time.’
Only Bruce gets up as early as him when they aren’t working and he’s usually holed-up in his lab by the time Steve finishes his morning workout. Usually, that means that Steve has the kitchen to himself for a few peaceful hours to enjoy a hot cup of coffee, read the daily newspaper and watch the sun start peeking up over the tops of the city’s skyscrapers.
‘I’m terrible at this.’ Steve moans, head in his hands, ‘Tony, I’ve been meaning to tell you for years that I’m as sweet on you as they come. Will you put me out of my misery by being my . . . god, I don’t even know what you call it in this time.’
‘I dunno why you worry.’ Scoffs Bucky, ‘You’re Captain America, what’s this guy got that you don’t have, an extra John Thomas or something?’
‘Are we discussing Bruce’s new costume and the bet?’ Steve asks in polite confusion.
throws in an overpowered deadly weapon that he wears as a suit, fighting bad guys with a determination that’d shame a kamikaze pilot and enough daddy issues to make even Sigmund Freud start crying in to his porn stash.
‘You gonna court-martial me if I say yes?’ Steve quietly retorts without looking at him.
Take Bucky for example, as much as Steve had wanted him back in the day, it was never going to go further than the single drunken fumble they’d had behind a bar once before Steve had changed or a quick, relieved kiss or two on the cheek after battle.
So, Steve is capitalising on the rare gift of peace in order to practice his watercolour skills, something he hasn’t been able to spend as much time on as he wanted to since leaving art school.
‘Too casual.’ Steve shakes his head.
, after an argument and a bunch of nasty shit, he persuaded said supersoldier
actually notices it too.
‘I was . . . jealous.’ Steve sighs, shaking his head in shame, ‘After Thanos, after everything, I kind of thought that maybe we might of . . . had something. But, I got afraid and then you and Pepper got back together and then—’
people are incapable of going anywhere without making a grand entrance.’
‘You think this is about me being an Avenger? You are very much mistaken, kid. Currently, all I want is to figure out is how to—’
Steve feels his own breath hitch without meaning to and he tries desperately to prevent a delighted shiver from running across his skin, his mind both fully aware that Natasha is still somewhere nearby
‘What on earth does Bucky have to do with this?’ Steve hisses, taking a menacing step forward, ‘Leave him out of it.’
now that he’s moved in to the tower, it’s the noise and maybe also the mess too.
‘Please, fix this.’
‘I’m just taking a walk.’ Steve assures, tucking his shield behind his back.
‘Fine, have it your way, soldier. I’ll be the good wife and round up the babies,
He had put on his best Captain America face for the impromptu press-briefing in Central Park, then obediently followed Coulson back to S.H.I.E.L.D HQ to deposit Dr Doom’s metallic ass in a suitably uncomfortable holding cell. Nick Fury then accosted him on his way to sign out and dragged Steve in to a conference room where he had rambled maniacally for nearly half an hour on the destructive capacities of the Avengers, before disappearing in an angry swirl of disapproving leather coat.
As he keys in the code and opens the door to the lab, Bruce and Tony are involved in a heated debate. Between them the holographic table is showing what looks like a jumble of sticks and balls floating in the air and Bruce is gesturing to a small highlighted portion of it seriously.
‘You really are too much sometimes, Rogers! I feel like I’m talking to the Pope.’ He guffaws, almost falling off his chair as he spins it back in delight, ‘You should loosen up a bit, doll. It’s just a bit of cock after all. What’s a bit of cock between co-workers?’
‘Uhh, no thanks.’ Sighs Steve, ‘I think I’ve heard enough.’
Steve doesn’t have to watch Tony blush when Johnny calls him a genius or strokes his cheek and Coulson doesn’t have to explain to Fury why the leader of the Avengers punched the Human Torch out the 78th storey window of Stark Tower during team brunch.
disaster of a personage is somehow present in my kitchen.’
‘Get your own supersoldier.’ He snaps at Richards, leaning back in to Steve’s chest, ‘This one is the property of Stark Industries.’
‘There’s a flying robot outside.’ Steve warns him.
‘You didn’t see them together.’ Steve says, ignoring Bucky’s vulgar reply, ‘Plus, Tony hasn’t had the best relationship with Captain America over the years, jury’s still out whether or not he still thinks I came out of a bottle.’
‘Tony!’ Steve interjects in alarm, before following it up swiftly with, ‘I see how that could be an . . . issue.’
‘Jesus!’ Tony groans, taking a long gulp of his drink and looking over at Steve with an unimpressed huff, ‘It means that at that time in my life, I had been doing
‘Yes.’ Steve nods as Tony waves him to take a seat on the sofa, ‘I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of bathing in this time.’
‘Of course not.’ Steve smiles warmly, taking a big sip of the flask of chamomile tea offered to him and then instantly regretting it, ‘Me and Tony were headed for a showdown for a while.’
not true, but I’m scared of heights, so okay.’
So, all things considered, Steve doesn’t have any right to feel slighted.
Sounds crazy, right? But it’s true.
The robot ricochets through the air across the park in a shower of sparks and lightning before tangling in the thick branches of an oak tree and loudly bursting in to flames.
Still, Fury is a man who can’t be moved.
He was mischievous, funny, confident, brash and arrogantly-charming. He made friends everywhere he went, could hold his own in a fight and he was rakishly inappropriate most of the time.
Without even registering it, Steve picks up another mug from the sideboard and throws it full pelt at the wall by Tony’s head.
According to Natasha, he and Clint were going to draw straws for the honour, but Thor refused on account that he was over 1000 years older, already a king, apparently more handsome and actually worthy of Mjölnir, thus a better ruler than Hawkeye could ever hope to be, even if it was just for a month.
‘I’m in love with Tony Stark.’ Steve gives in, words coming out in a quick jumble.
sue you for sexual harassment.’ Daredevil glares, ‘Secondly, your so-called leaders are clearly having a lover’s tiff again. All night I’ve had to deal with lovesick Avengers clogging up the good rooftops,
Further still, Steve was in the army, he went travelling across the USA with the USO and he was also briefly in art school. He
The last few years have been rough for Steve Rogers.
Tony stares blankly at him, crumbled chunks of grey rock falling noisily on the floor by his feet.
‘Truce?’ Tony pants from beside Steve as the pair run through the lobby of the tower together.
‘Oh gosh.’ Steve wheezes from the mat, winded.
‘Seems not.’ Steve agrees quietly, trying to hide his breathless tone and the fact that his chest is pounding again.
is fit for service.
handle.
‘Well damn, did they suck all the Brooklyn as well as the asthma out of you with that serum?’ Bucky teases, getting up from the sofa and punching him lightly on the shoulder before turning it in to a long, friendly squeeze, ‘We’re New-Yorkers, pal,
being a pest though, the pair do seem to work well together too.  They’re self-proclaimed science-bros and  can natter away for hours sometimes, like two excitable, labcoat-wearing seagulls.
‘Are you dying?’ Loki asks, peering over him as he lies on the floor of the training room, listlessly throwing a ratty baseball up at the ceiling, ‘You certainly
‘Someone’s gotta keep you in check. I gotta say though, I’ll make sure to say a sermon of Hail Marys for you in church next time, Steven Rogers - you’re either going to die of carnal misadventure if you go there with Tony or chronic heartache if you don’t.’
‘He’s my guest, Tony.’ Bruce interjects exasperatedly, though there’s a slightly evil, teasing glint in his eyes, ‘I’m in desperate need of solving this polymer problem and Reed has kindly offered to help me.’
‘Hey.’ Steve says awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck, ‘Bruce sent me.’
‘Brunel would be ashamed.’ Bruce scolds him, grabbing the bag out of Tony’s hands and tossing it in the bin. He catches sight of Steve in the process and smiles warmly, ‘Oh, hello, you’re back. How was the press?’
‘Are Tony and Bruce still down in the Doctor’s lab?’
Tony is too much and not enough, too clever and too stupid, a really good guy and a potential world-dominating super-villain all neatly wrapped up in a 5’8 package of brown eyes, charisma, insomnia and caffeine addiction.
‘Stop apologizing. It wasn’t anything you did.
‘Tony Stark.’
‘Probably all the same things Johnny used to do for me.’ Tony roars, ripping another vase off the shelf and sending it sailing the same way, ‘I thought we were past all this, Steve. But you, you’re still always so fucking wrong when you should be right. I can’t believe that I even thought for one second it might of worked out between us.’
The wind gently rustles the paper on his easel and something unexplainably summery seems to float along with it.
‘I’m just sending a friendly request for help from Tony’s best buddy in the whole wide world: Reed Richards.’
just assume the worst and act like a raving lunatic because of it.’
The afternoon that he bites the bullet and goes down to see Tony, the workshop is in its usual state of chaotic disarray and unruly clutter. The lights are dimmed low, apart from a bright cluster of LED spotlights illuminating the plinth in the centre of the room and a new, pungent smell of burning rubber hangs heavy in the air.
‘You don’t get to tell me that in my own fucking house, Rogers.’ Tony sneers, ‘I don’t care how in love with Bucky fucking Barnes you are.’
Steve made peace long ago with his decision to stay in this time. Yet, if there’s one thing that he still really misses about his old life,
‘You sure know how to make a guy feel special.’ Steve scoffs.
‘Coming from you.’ The guys grins, his fiery blue eyes full of mischief, ‘Nice to meet you both, I’m Johnny Storm.’
Oh, there was nothing majorly wrong. Johnny was just every bit the daredevil he was rumoured to be and more.
‘I’m sorry, Tony. I should of told you how I felt back then, but I was a coward.’
The serum heightened all of his senses, which has saved him in battle more times than Steve can care to count, but it also used to leave him jittery after an adrenaline rush. Calming down from almost any kind of high took just that little bit longer and required a little more focus than it did for the average soldier. Cleaning up physically seemed to help that.
Still, not one to look a gift-horse in the mouth and actually feeling in need of a bit of company, Steve isn't willing to turn them down today.
‘Yes, JARVIS?’
‘Meanin’ what?’ Steve sits forward, defensiveness brewing in his gut.
‘Trust me, I won’t.’ Tony mocks, ‘Cos honestly, I’m starting to think that you don’t think
‘I’ve got it!’ Bruce suddenly gasps, tapping lightening quick on his keyboard again, ‘Our old pal Iron Man will be laughing on the other side of his face when I call in a real scientist.’
When Coulson had informed the director that Captain America and Iron Man had been fighting with each other, to the point that Coulson himself believed both of them to be temporarily emotionally compromised, Fury had benched Tony and Steve so hard that the aftershocks could be felt all over Manhattan.
‘Meaning that I was still sobering up from the 90s.’
to admire beautiful . . .
Usually loudly, brashly and with a scandalous charm that’s likely to either get him in to the nearest bed or punched squarely in the face.
After their less than perfect introduction, Steve had quickly gathered that Tony and Johnny were old friends of some description, though Tony had apparently never felt it prudent to mention Storm to any of the Avengers before
‘It’s about love, isn’t it?’ He murmurs eventually, voice decidedly neutral, ‘You’re all twisted up over some guy, aren’t you?’
time.’
In practice, what this actually seems to mean is that Tony spends all day in his workshop with Johnny Storm, watching and taking notes while the guy incinerates test fabric off his perfectly-sculpted body in large flaming strips.
Tony’s so busy being monopolised by Storm and his research these days, that he doesn’t even send Steve the heated looks and playful voice messages that he used to do all the time much either.
Bruce’s lab, on the other hand, smells like recycled air, aftershave and chemicals. Bruce keeps all his tools in neatly-marked drawers, his papers in folders, his floor free of shrapnel and he absolutely point-blank bans
All he
‘Mr Stark has left you a voice message. Shall I take the liberty of playing it to you, Captain?’
‘Do you know where Tony is right now, Captain?’ the unimpressed voice of Pepper Potts demands through Steve’s phone.
‘Not a lot.’ Tony answers, smirking slightly, ‘Mostly, that I definitely liked cock just as much as I liked tits and that flame-retardant bed sheets are a must for any relationship.’
‘Captain America.’ Reed Richards finishes, smiling and holding out his hand for Steve to shake, ‘It’s a pleasure to meet you, I’ve been meaning to introduce myself for a while, but circumstances haven’t quite worked out that way.’
In fact, Steve has been in enough stolen kisses in dark alleys, accosted backstage by lighting guys and pulled in to the sleeping bags of his fellow soldiers to know just how it all works with
On closer acquaintance personally however, Steve found that though he usually could look past the character flaws in most people (he did love
In a spill of limbs and scuffling, Bruce finally shunts Tony out of the lab and slams the door in his face.
‘Sorry about the birthday suit, Cap!’ Johnny shouts over his shoulder, ‘We’ve been in here for hours and it looks like I’m just too hot for Tony to handle.’
‘Damn it, I’m sorry, Buck’ Steve sighs, catching the fruit in mid air, ‘I don’t mean to be a jerk, I just gotta lot on my mind these last few days is all.’
Unfortunately for Steve too, his supersoldier senses are rarely ever wrong.
Steve thinks about other Julys he’d spent in the Big Apple, before all this glass and air conditioning was born. Of the smell of hot tarmac outside his fire escape, the screams of kids in the park and the taste of crushed ice with cherry that Bucky used to insist on buying.
Coulson even called Johnny Storm ‘Captain Rogers’ Replacement’, which
‘That’s it! Out my lab!’ Bruce says grumpily, skirting round the table and starting to shoo Tony out the door.
‘Ah.’ Bucky nods, getting up and heading to the refrigerator.
‘I told you about the counter-system in order to help you. But, I think that when you’ve lost track of the amount of times that you’ve reset your crush-counter to zero this month, it’s time to start looking at alternatives.’ Bruce states sensibly, typing something briskly on his keyboard and aiming for nonchalance when he continues, ‘Nat says that UST between you two these days is like . . . almost a whole physical entity. Ever thought about just maybe letting it happen instead of fighting it?’
‘No, I don’t, ma’am. Is there a problem?’ Steve says worriedly, fear quickly clenching in his gut.
‘Don’t talk about things you don’t understand then.’ Steve bellows back, tossing another cup at him, ‘You don’t know anything about Bucky, Tony, you’ll never know how much he’s done for me.’
, let’s just skip that bit too.
‘We didn’t break in, JARVIS buzzed us up and we can leave if we’re bothering you, Tony.’ Steve says seriously, a ball of worry forming in his stomach.
‘. . . You goddamn asshole—’
though, when Tony looks at Steve like he’s a problem that he desperately wants to solve, yet doesn’t quite know how. When he’s as close to dropping the bravado act and seeming genuinely interested as Tony can get.
Bruce can use machines Tony doesn’t have the patience or skills for and he’s the only one who can usually put Tony right if a project he’s working on is going off the rails. Steve enjoys seeing them collaborate, but he usually feels out of place and a bit envious of their easy intelligence when they do so. Plus, it’s not often they invite him to the lab to join them, so the invitation tonight is a bit of a surprise.
To now see Tony leaning casually against a desk, his intelligent brown eyes trained expectantly on Steve and his expression worryingly blank, is more than a little off-putting.
The communal kitchen, on what they all refer to as ‘The Avengers Floor’ of Stark Tower, is usually deserted when Steve gets in from his morning run.
would manage to explode a piece of lab equipment that isn’t even
‘Maybe not everything is about you.’ Steve glares.
So yeah, to sum it up: Steve Rogers, national icon and chaotic, time-travelling, bi-sexual is head over heels for the son of the man he used to think was a total slimeball for hitting on the ex-love-of-his-life. Who he really respects as a team-mate, but also has a sinking feeling might be the most unattainable choice for a sweetheart ever. That is, until maybe they can somehow work out how to make the supersoldier serum grow Steve some cracking breasts.
Steve stands rooted to his spot on the floor by the door. Honestly, he was sort of expecting more of an argument with the billionaire before they got round to any of the important stuff.
‘Noble friend Steven, do you and the Man of Iron still persist in your quarrel?’ Thor booms, his cloak flaming in places as he shatters through a large window of Stark Tower’s swimming pool area.
to return from being a fugitive, to go traipsing throughout the galaxy with him and save half of the life in the universe.
