“You have a bar and grill on speed dial, Samalam? How often do you guys order from there?” Gabe teased, but he was curious.
“See something you like, Alpha?” Dean teased, and purred when the expected smack landed against his overheated skin. “Mmmm… feels so good Alpha. You got my ass all red, Cas? Practically burning to the touch? Want your knot, Alpha, want you to fuck me til I’m screaming, til I spend the day limping, dripping with your come. Want everyone to know I’m yours, want anyone who gets near me to know I’m claimed, mated, bred. Wanna ride that knot of yours until I’m screaming your name, angel.” Dean paused, listening to the harsh breathing of his mate, and goaded him. “Is that what I need to do Alpha? Slip outta these cuffs, knock you on that delicious ass of yours, and ride you the way I rode that bull last night? Or are you gonna
he pleaded, and Cas responded without thinking, striking his bare palm over the globe of Dean’s ass, pulling a cry and a shudder from the Omega.
Dean couldn't even remember when he'd fallen in love with the angel. Had it been so gradual that he hadn't noticed? Had it been so immediate that he didn't know any other way to feel? Cas was everything, but Dean knew he didn't have a chance. Even with the man now human, Cas was just more than he deserved.
Dean was shouting his pleasure as Cas thrust into him, a ball of white-hot pleasure coalescing in his gut, winding tighter until finally it burst and he came screaming Cas' name. Cas slowed his thrusts with a whimper, and Dean pulled at him, demanding and desperate, wanting that raw pleasure-pain mix.
“Whew!” Charlie exclaimed, wrinkling her nose at the sudden scent of arousal clouding the table. “Okay, I'm outta here, but my handmaiden owes me ice cream and a Mario-Kart marathon to earn my forgiveness!”
“You know,” Cas mused softly, “I was going to tell you to go home and get some sleep, but maybe you should come back in and have a drink at the bar, just so no one thinks I murdered you and dumped your body somewhere.”
“Hey Charles, who is minding the store if you're here?” he demanded, trying to distract her, which she waved away dismissively.
When Cas' hands slid down Dean's spine and settled against the curve at the small of his back, Dean let out a soft sound that could only be called a whimper. He dropped his hands from Cas' hair to his hips, their kisses growing more urgent, more ardent as the moments passed.  Cas pinned him to Baby's side, and their hips lined up with a slow, aching roll that snapped Cas' head back on a gasp.
“Green, Cas. More, please, angel,” he pleaded, and Cas had to take a deep breath to settle himself. Much good it did him, with the scent of his mate’s slick filling his senses until he was nearly drunk with it.
“I was hoping to see you there, but I had to leave early because of Eileen’s fitting the following morning,” Cas replied, kissing his way along Dean’s cheek and jaw, stubble catching and scraping lightly. Dean shivered.
“He most definitely is not twelve,” Cas commented, slowly glancing up and down Dean's body that set his blood humming.
A few minutes later, he could hear Sam on the phone, talking to Dean. Sam sounded irritated, then there was a shocked exclamation from the hall that had Gabe staggering out of their makeshift nest to investigate.
Dean's arm fell away to the side and he stared wide-eyed at Cas, his green eyes nearly swallowed by black pupil and a gold Omega rim. Cas growled against his hip, then stalked his way up Dean's body, his heavy cock brushing against Dean's thigh, his hip, then settling hot against Dean's. He claimed his mate's lips and Dean wrapped his arms and legs desperately around his Alpha, moaning into the kiss. His fingers were tugging at Cas’ hair, and he was rutting against Cas frantically, dripping precome steadily, creating a slick glide, the head of his cock catching against Cas’.
“Ooh, tell me later! Meanwhile, put the lovebirds on my tab, would ya hon? Congrats you two! Later, bitches!” Charlie waved a Vulcan salute and gave a kiss to Jo, then wandered out the door.
We're approaching the end of the line people, thank you so much for sticking with me over the last two years, it's been an amazing ride! Just a few chapters to go!
Cas growled, and the sharp sting of his palm striking Dean’s ass made him jump, even as he felt himself leaking another trickle of slick. Cas growled again, but the sound was completely different, and Dean chuckled, deliberately tightened his hole before relaxing it, and this time Cas moaned.
"I was in the middle of 'angel business'," he began, complete with air quotes that made Dean grin and Cas' eyes flared dangerously. "You need to learn your place, Dean."
He took a deep breath, feeling his pulse accelerate as a whine caught in his throat. He wanted his mate, but Cas wouldn’t be home for two hours. He eyed the drawer again, trying to decide, when his glance fell on the thick cuffs and the blindfold. He grabbed them and tossed them on the bed, then quickly reached in and scooped up the nipple clamps, connected by a delicate, silvery chain. He closed the drawer, then pulled it open again, and grabbed a black silk scarf. He ran it through his fingers, then, blushing slightly, down over his chest. He gasped at the sensation, feeling his skin pebble and his nipples tighten. He glanced at the nipple clamps, and was sorely tempted to try them out. His nipples were incredibly sensitive, and he knew he’d love them. Instead he carefully wrapped his selections in the silk scarf, tying a bow with a grin, and setting it all on Cas’ pillow.
“You do,” Dean murmured, tapping lightly at his own mating bite, his green eyes flashing golden as Cas felt his Alpha surging to the surface.
Cas rolled his eyes and pulled Dean back into his arms, resting their foreheads together. "I always have been. Don't ask stupid questions."
Clearing his throat, Dean grabbed his notepad and started making a list of plants that would do well for Cas with little attention, since he knew what it was like to try to get a new business off the ground.
"Dean…" Cas moaned his name softly, and the sound when straight to his cock. Never had he imagined so sweet a sound, and he'd pictured worshipping Cas' body often enough.
Sam's arms clamped around him suddenly, his knot locking him into place as Gabe came with a cry, and Sam pulled him closer to plunder his mouth as his cock pumped his seed deep into his Omega.
It was approaching ten in the morning, and he knew he needed to tell his brothers. He typed out a long text to Jimmy and Balth, knowing Cassie was either still busy or running through his woods after a disappointing encounter.
Dean dropped his last fry and pointed a finger at him. "Sammy is a lying little bitch, that abomination has no place in the trilogy!"
Dean shrank in on himself for a moment, then nodded. Cas pulled his distressed Omega into his lap, and tucked him against his chest, so Dean’s face was curled in against his throat.
“Whoa, didn't mean to interrupt, baby bro!” Gabe teased, a shit-eating grin on his face. His wolf yipped, its tongue lolling out in a wolfish grin at the prospect of playing with his den sib.
“You hear that? You're gonna be a grampa,” she teased, kissing his cheek. Beaming, she turned and picked up a couple menus, looking over her shoulder at Cas and Dean. “Park it, grab one of the booths if you like. We got one free in Ash's section, if you don't want this one hovering every two seconds.”
“Hey, I help you, you have success, I get to keep buying chocolates from you,” he offered as an excuse with a playful wink. Cas gave him a shy smile, and Dean blurted out the first thing that came to mind. “Castiel, that’s an unusual name…”
Cas moaned softly against his rim, teasing and sucking at his skin. Dean found his hands were suddenly free again and buried his fingers in Cas' hair, bucking against his lover's face as Cas ate him out.
“Except… well, not when we met. Then you just looked, sounded, tasted, and felt like sex.” Dean laughed as Cas let out a guttural growl, his fangs descending slightly. Cas could hear Dean's pulse pounding, heard the slow click as he swallowed. His wolf paced, ready to pounce on his mate, and Cas wrestled it back.
He must have winced because Cas suddenly looked worried and reached out to brush a gentle touch across the back of his hand.
“Dean. Backseat, and you better hope no one calls the sheriff on us, because I’m going to take you hard, and fast, and everyone is going to hear you screaming my name, begging for my knot.”
“Sam, wait,” Gabe spoke softly. “I want to see your face. I want to ride you, but I want to face you, and to kiss you.”
He blinked slowly, then gave the stranger a wry, cheeky grin of his own. "Thanks for the rescue, that guy was creeping me out." Dean checked out the stranger unabashedly, nearly drooling at the man's strong arms bare under a black and brown corset vest, his thick thighs encased in leather pants and heavy black boots on his feet.
Cas stilled over his Omega, his fangs fully descended, and he struggled with himself and with his wolf.
“Boy, don't make me get the hose. You know I'll do it!” he threatened gruffly, but his eyes twinkling with repressed laughter.
He woke an hour later to the soft murmur of voices coming from the living room. He got up and stretched before wandering out barefoot. Cas patted the couch next to him, then stood and disappeared into the kitchen, returning with a glass of lemonade with berries floating in it. Dean grinned and raised his glass to his mate, then clinked glasses with Charlie and Jo.
Bending to kiss Cas tenderly, he moved carefully, their lips meeting in a slow dance as he thrust. The heat in his core had waned a little, but before long, it was built back up to a fever-pitch, and he was groaning Cas' name against his lover's throat.
Cas listened intently, his eyes never leaving Dean’s face, and Dean found himself blushing a little as he spoke. Taking a chance, he dropped his voice to a husky murmur as Charlie left to help a customer. “After all, it’d be a shame to spoil something so sweet…”
“Mmm. Particularly busy when we've got the bull running, but yeah, we do alright. Opened three months ago. I know it's a country bar, but so you know, Thursdays are a classic rock night. We get a mixed crowd for that.”
“Close, Sam,” he whispered, his voice catching as he rode his lover in a slow, sensual wave of his body, whimpering with each pass. “Need you, Alpha, need…”
Dean whimpered and thrashed on the bed above him, his cock twitching and dripping precome as Cas ramped him higher and higher. When Dean reached for his own cock, though, Cas captured his hand, pressing it to the mattress.
“Cas,” Dean sighed happily, pulling him down to lay with him, stroking his hands over the broad shoulders and strong back. Cas kissed him again, slowly this time, gentle and sweet. “I went back to the club you know, looking for you. I think I saw your Continental leaving, though I didn’t know it was your car at the time…”
“Quit your moaning, you had it coming. Now, since you were here for dinner last night, and boasting about how you'd be lasting the eight seconds on that mechanical bull over at Milton's, and since you said his name
“Alpha…” he sighed quietly, purring when Sam licked over the mating bite in a broad stroke of his tongue.
“Yeah…” Castiel said softly, nodding his head. He cleared his throat once. “I take it the Roadhouse is a favourite?” Cas asked with a smile, changing the subject. “And about the beer…”
"Mmm, oh fuck, Cas!" Dean gasped, canting his hips and chasing the press of that finger against his hole. "Need you, sweetheart!"
, he bolted upright in bed, grumbling as he searched for his phone. He finally found it under the bed, where it must have ended up when Dean changed the sheets.
For the first time in his life, he deliberately reached for his wolf, and the Alpha responded. This was their mate, Omega, mother to their pups. They would never allow harm to come to them.
The music was still throbbing in his ears as he opened his eyes again, unaware when they slipped shut, and Dean stared at the smirking face of the most gorgeous man he'd ever seen. Dark, sex-mussed hair, cheekbones that could cut glass and a straight, aristocratic nose. But all that paled under the intense blue eyes, the sexy, crooked grin the man gave him. Blue-Eyes glanced over Dean's shoulder and leaned in to shout over the music.
"And you'll get to meet Gilda!" Charlie gushed before launching into a detailed rant, extolling the many virtues of her new girlfriend.
“When we walked in the door, she asked what made me think I deserved you,” Cas explained softly, then chuckled as Dean's blush deepened. “Anyway, I take it the burgers here are good?”
“I don’t know if I want the next six months to drag, so I can have you to myself as long as possible, or if I want them to fly by so our pups are here,” Cas whispered. Dean met his gaze with luminous eyes, and their lips met in a slow, tender kiss.
fair,” he complained, dipping some fries in ketchup and gesturing with them. “How could you possibly be so good at that?”
Cas knelt over him and worked his boxers down over his thick runner's thighs, and Dean couldn't resist the urge to reach down and stroke Cas' cock. Cas shuddered at his touch and Dean smirked, proud that he could make the angel shake.
Dean met his gaze for a moment, then pulled back a bit further, giving himself room. A moment later the large tawny wolf sat before Cas, and he greeted him with a kiss, licking over his muzzle. Dean whined, exposing his throat again, and Cas nosed at him, nudging him until he laid down. Once Dean was settled to Cas’ satisfaction, he curled up around him, licking at his ears and the nape of his neck, giving the gentlest of love bites to his throat. Dean finally settled at that, and Cas nosed at him again, this time licking a stripe over his belly, then meeting his mate’s gaze.
“Alpha… please!” Dean whimpered, the scent of his arousal heavy in the air, the honeyed scent of his slick tempting him to bury himself between his mate’s thighs and drink it straight from the source. His low growl filled the room, and Dean bared his throat to him, submissive and yielding. Cas crawled back, keeping his eyes on him, and Dean moaned when Cas’s body dragged against his cock, smearing precome over his stomach.
Gabe swiftly bent and captured his mate's lips, and rocked his hips faster, burying his face against Sam's throat with a growl, the scent of mate and home driving him as he slid over him, Sam's cock filling him deliciously, a constant pressure against his prostate. Gabe was leaking precome steadily, and his cock slid against Sam's abs in a wet glide with each movement of his hips. Already Gabe could feel his body tightening, the electric buzz of his impending orgasm sending little sparks down his limbs as the pooling heat in his gut wound tighter and tighter.
“Speaking of…” Dean said, suddenly distracted, “we'll have to figure out where to put the cribs. Our bedroom is big enough, but do we want that? We could convert the office in the next room and get baby monitors.”
"You like that?" he teased in a whisper, grinding his hips in a slow, aching circle. Cas' eyes were wild, desperate as he thrust back onto Dean and whined, his cock throbbing against Dean's stomach.
he growled under his breath, prompting a low, throaty chuckle from his lover. "You can wait a few more hours. And so can I," he reminded himself, despite the way his blood was singing through his veins. Dean hauled Cas back out to the dance floor to the relative safety of the public eye, though as they passed the photographer, Balthazar, he smirked and snapped a photo of them.
While Dean goes for a run to blow off steam, Chuck tells Cas a bit of his mother, Becky Rosen, and of the abuse he faced at Naomi's hands. Their conversation is cut short however when Chuck mentions a frightening prospect, and Cas runs out into the night to find his lover.
Dean's cock jumped a little at the husky order, the predatory look in Cas' eyes sending a shiver down his spine. He was fumbling for the doorknob behind him when it opened with no warning.
Dean wakes back at home in their nest, and discovers his mate, Charlie and Jo in the living room, chatting. Cas shows Dean his newfound control over changing his hands. Jo and Charlie leave, and things heat up between the Mates.
Charlie was nodding furiously. “Totally true. Like this table? Absolutely full to the brim with male gorgeousness. Completely wasted on me, the giant lesbian, but there it is.”
Bending to kiss Cas again, because he never could resist those chapped, perfect, pink lips, Dean steadied himself with one hand and sank into Cas' body with a groan. Drawing out slowly until the head of his cock caught on Cas' rim, pausing and teasing there with slow, shallow thrusts. Cas writhed underneath him, making soft mewling sounds and Dean chuckled. He sank a little deeper and Cas tensed, gasping. Dean did it again and watched his lover throw his head back on a long, low moan.
For the first time in several minutes, a sound escaped Dean that wasn't one of pleasure, and he winced as his head encountered the hard shape of a bottle…
busy around Cas’ cock. Cas moved to sink his hands into Dean’s hair, only to discover he’d been cuffed to the headboard. His gasp as Dean gave a hard suck on the head of his cock must have drawn Dean’s attention, because the next thing he knew, he was looking down at his Omega who was smirking up at him, but with his eyes blindfolded, and his arms were behind his back. Dean flicked his tongue out to tease the sensitive spot below the head, and Cas jerked at the cuffs again.
A few minutes later a tall, bearded man with strange blue eyes and a nasal voice approached him, but Dean got serious creeper vibes and brushed him off. The guy refused to budge though, telling him how much he could teach Dean, that he could be his star pupil. He was starting to get antsy about the guy, searching for a way to ditch a stage five clinger, when a strong set of arms wrapped around his waist from behind.
Dean didn't get a chance to sing the next lines, as Cas lifted him into his arms. He wrapped his legs around Cas’ waist in response, their lips locked together as Cas carried him to their bedroom, setting him on the bed and crawling over him.
Eventually, he heard the door chime again, and glancing over his shoulder, saw the shop empty of everyone but Charlie. Sighing, he decided he might as well face the music.
Dean turned and rummaged in the drawer for the lube and paused, his hands finding the condoms as a matter of course. He held one up, then grinned as Cas shook his head.
“Smartass. You know you'll be showing by then, right? Especially with twins. That's basically the halfway mark.”
Posting early because I'm dead on my feet and won't make it til midnight, and with all the lovely comments I've gotten, I decided to thank you, my readers, with an early post. Enjoy!
He nipped at Cas' throat for a moment, leaving a faint mark that started to fade even as he watched. That wouldn't work. Dropping his mouth to Cas' throat, he mouthed over his skin to his pulse; then Dean set to leaving a big, dark bruise, sucking and biting until Cas was squirming against him, the press of his arousal obvious against Dean's.
Cas’ eyes narrowed and he could feel his inner Alpha wanting out to tear the drunk limb from limb. The guy was a real problem customer, but he was connected. Cas and his brothers didn't want to create a disaster by kicking him out, but they were all fed up with him, too. He took a steadying breath, but let Dean speak first.
Dean writhed on the bed, bound by his wrists and with Cas' hands pinning his body, fighting to keep from whimpering as Cas eased him back from the edge and wound him up again. Time after time, Dean felt himself approach the precipice, and each time Cas eased off his torment until the blurred, white-hot pleasure faded and Dean was left panting, pleading for release.
"You have an unhealthy obsession with Harrison Ford," he accused, and Dean couldn't quite stop his cheeks from heating. "That said, Raiders. We still haven't watched all the way through the series, and we've watched all of Star Wars."
Even as Dean cried out softly, his heart was thumping oddly as his mind replayed Cas' words. He started to reach for his lover when the click of a plastic cap distracted him, then the cool slide of a lubed finger against his hole drove all other thoughts from his head.
"Dean, that was the most incredible experience of my life," he murmured, his voice soft and tender. "I love you." There was a moment of hesitation, and Dean tensed. "Do me a favour?
Cas had set out cheese and crackers, and the four sat and munched while they talked, keeping the conversation light. Once Dean started to mention his bruise, not really remembering if it had been fully explained yet thanks to his impromptu nap, Charlie cut him off and patted his hand, exuding protective Omega from every pore.
Cas helped him out of his pants and panties, the silk a lost cause, and kissed his way gently up Dean’s thighs. Well used to his lover’s gentle touch as well as his passion by now, Dean let his legs fall apart and Cas gave an approving noise as he wiped over Dean’s skin gently with the cloth. When he was as clean as he could be without a shower, Cas hauled him upright and peeled him out of his shirt. He let Dean fall back onto the pillows and helped him squirm under the blanket, which Cas balled up and chucked aside to deal with later. Tangling together under the sheet, Cas turned off the light before Dean managed to muster up his next words.
Dean and Cas settled in on the giant bean bag cushion in the corner, curling up together as though they'd always done it. Dean nuzzled at Cas' cheek, and Cas grinned, turning to whisper in his ear.
The lights in the room were hazy in Dean's sight when Cas finally stopped. The angel's body was firm against his own as Cas prowled over him to capture his lips in a gentle, soothing kiss. Dean whined softly against his lips, wrapping his arms around Cas and pulling him close. He tucked his foot behind Cas' knee and ground up against his lover, breaking the kiss with a gasp as pleasure sped through him. Cas groaned against his mouth, and pulled back to remove his dress pants.
"Must be my firm grip," Dean retorted, watching as the other man took a drink of his own beer. "And a passion for riding..."
Dean let out a sound that was definitely not a whine, kicking off his dress shoes and making for the stairs while Cas followed on his heels, nipping at his neck, then catching his hips and bending to bite at his ass as he climbed.
“Has he?” Dean eyeballed the bartender and shrugged. No accounting for tastes. Dean strolled over, clapping his brother on the shoulder. “Sammy! I'm heading out.”
“You obviously didn't open the cupboards down there.” Cas grinned with a wink. “I am the Rainbow Road champion.”
“You passed me on the way to your place. Or is it Sam's place now?” he asked shrewdly, his blunt manner catching Cas off guard for a moment. He quickly gave himself mental shrug and spoke up.
Dean pointedly dropped his eyes back to the large bulge in Cas’ jeans, and looked up to smirk at him through his lashes.
Cas begged. Dean chuckled quietly, then they both gasped as he rolled his hips forward. Cas canted his hips up, and Dean reached down to tease at his hole again with lube-slicked fingers. Cas mewled under his touch, his cock nearly purple with arousal and leaking profusely. "Dean, I swear to you, if you don't get in me, I'm going to--
Dean tucked his hands under Cas' thick runner's thighs and pulled him closer, sinking further into his body with a groan as the angle changed. Cas moaned against his throat, kissing his way down to his collarbone and bit him gently, setting Dean's nerves alight. Dean reached between them and grasped Cas' thick, weeping cock, the head blushing a deep red with arousal. Stroking his lover slowly, Dean thrust into him again, groaning at the tight heat engulfing him.
Dean grinned. Now, this he could get into. They debated back and forth for a while. Dean eventually went with the classic, cherry, and Cas ordered a slice of key lime pie.
“Green, Cas,” he replied, licking his lips and nibbling on the lower one for a moment. Cas’ gaze locked on those full, pouting lips, and he found himself crossing the room again. He bent and claimed Dean’s mouth, pulling a gasp from him at the sudden onslaught. Dean's lips parted for him instantly, and Cas took full advantage, exploring his mate’s mouth with his tongue, thrusting into the wet heat in a lazy imitation of more intimate things. Dean whined underneath him, his arms locked around Cas as he pulled him closer, and Cas chuckled roughly against his throat as he moved to nibble just behind his ear.
“You're hungry. Shit, we need to get food. Do you like bacon cheeseburgers? I know the best place for them.”
Sam licked over the mating mark suddenly, and Gabe cried out, his cock throbbing, his sac tightening against his body. His Alpha groaned as Gabe's walls tightened about him, but he never increased the pace, just kept to the slow, gentle movements Gabe had requested.
“You wouldn't neglect your other customers while you hover over your big brother, who is a perfectly capable adult, and his new mate, driving them both to distraction? Because that doesn't sound like something you'd do, at all…”
"Dean," Cas said his name, almost as he always did, but his voice was somehow lower, huskier than ever, and Dean fought back a shiver that wanted to crawl down his spine.
They pulled up to the Roadhouse and Dean threw the car into park. He was across the bench and into Cas’ lap before the engine stopped turning over.
Cas burst out laughing as Dean grumbled that he'd be there. “What kind of car is it anyway?” he asked, his green eyes glinting as they headed for the restaurant.
Dean leaned in and found Cas mouth again, Cas letting him in easily, a slow, sensuous kiss that made Dean's heart feel three times its usual size. He could smell the remains of Cas' cologne from the day before, their sweat and the growing scent of sex, musky and intoxicating. Under it all was fresh-brewed coffee and Dean smiled softly at the reminder of how sweet Cas was.
"What about us, Dean? Have you got condoms?" Cas murmured against his ear, and Dean shivered. "Because if not…"
“Thought you said you were gonna get me outta this thing,” he murmured, his voice low and breathy with more than simply the constriction around his torso.
Ellen was wiping her eyes next to him, her light Omega scent growing sweeter with her amusement, and he gave her a dirty look.
"Oh, fuck, your mouth. You were made for sucking cock, weren't you, Baby?" the man growled. "That's it, take it all!"
They rutted against each other slowly, enjoying the silky glide of skin against skin. Soon Cas was whimpering, his free hand clutching at Dean's back, his hand around Dean's cock moving faster.
“Yes, of course. It's in the fridge. I'll get it.” Cas stood gracefully and strode into the kitchen, where Dean watched in appreciation as he bent to remove the second foil-wrapped pan from the refrigerator.
"Dean!" Cas cried out and tugged his head up to kiss him repeatedly. Dean succumbed to the onslaught and melted against his boyfriend, and Cas spun them, his fingers sliding up Dean's sides under his shirt and pushing it up his body. Dean reached down and pulled it over his head, then they stumbled down the hall to Cas' room. They fell onto the bed together, a tangle of limbs as they fought over the last few buttons on Cas' shirt, breathless with laughter.
“Sure thing, hon.” She scooped up their menus and turned to Dean for a second before leaving their table. “He's alright.”
“I actually came by with a request and a suggestion. With Halloween around the corner, we’re selling chocolate spiders and pumpkins and such. It’d be simple to put them on a lollipop stick so they could be inserted into a bouquet,” Cas explained, his face becoming more animated as he spoke, and Dean had trouble looking away.
Dean started to shake underneath him, the scent of amusement filling Cas’ nostrils as his mate laughed. Cas glanced up, and discovered they’d managed to fog the windows, and he snorted with laughter. He fumbled around in the dark and found the remains of Dean’s t-shirt, and carefully lifting his mate’s hips, he shoved the rags underneath his ass.
Gilda met his eyes over Lisa's head and she winked. Dean grinned back at her, relieved. Gilda would keep an eye on her, on everyone, and make sure everyone stayed safe.
"Oh fuck, Cas, fuck… fuck! Fuck me, fuck me harder!" Cas's hips slammed against his ass in one powerful thrust and Dean cried out, trembling as his cheeks reminded him of the spanking he'd gotten earlier. "Cas, Cas,
“Do you carry these plants?” Cas asked eventually, perusing the list, a frown of concentration creasing his brow.
Sam was out for a supply run. This included rarer items that couldn't be found near the bunker and Dean had grudgingly given him the keys to Baby. Admonishing Sam to be careful with his car had taken nearly half an hour, until Sam had thrown him bitch-face number seven and asked if Dean didn't trust him.
He tossed them to Sam with a wink, then admonished, "No sex in my car. Charlie, love ya, we're outta here."
Cas snorted with laughter against the nape of his neck. "The holiest." Dean rolled his eyes and grimaced as Cas' cock slipped out of his body. Cas rolled them to their sides and tucked Dean against him, a snap of his fingers cleaning away the sweat and come. Wrapping his wings around Dean, he pulled Dean close.
Still sporting a huge, gummy grin that did strange things to Dean's heart, Cas thanked their waitress and speared a forkful of his pie. He brought it to his lips and wrapped them delicately around the tines, groaning obscenely even as he licked a bit of meringue from the corner of his mouth.
“Joanna Beth, you mind your manners. Dean chose him, that is good enough for me and your dad, and it oughta be good enough for you.”
“I was hoping we could go another round in the shower, but now I really need to be clean. Thanks, angel.”
Cas dropped to tease at his hole again, lapping over his balls on the way down, circling his hole and then spearing his tongue into it. He tongue-fucked him mercilessly, until Dean was wailing, then withdrew to suck at his hole, flicking his tongue over the overstimulated rim in feather-light passes. He glanced up at Dean and smirked when he saw his lover watching him, absolutely wrecked. Cas cocked an eyebrow at him imperiously and Dean shuddered hard enough that Cas clamped a hand around the base of his cock, just to be on the safe side. The wild-eyed stare Dean gave him, his throat working as he struggled for words, hinted that his timing was impeccable. He waited a minute, then slowly released Dean's cock, and gave gentle licks to his rim before turning his head to suck at his inner thigh.
"C-Cas," Dean stuttered, his hands fisting in the sheets as Cas' big hands roamed over his thighs. "C'mon, angel, don't tease me…"
“Zachariah, we have had numerous complaints about your wandering hands, but because you bend over for Roman, we couldn't ban you without you crying defamation of character. We’ve never had ‘proof’ of what the Omegas you've assaulted were saying. Well, guess what? We've had cameras installed, and I saw your attack happen. Get the fuck out of my bar and never come back. You're banned.”
"I thought about using flavoured lube, but ya know, molecules," Dean told him with a breathless chuckle, then groaned as Cas took the hint, trailing his tongue down his crevice and circling the end of the plug.
"Them's fighting words, Cas," Dean threatened, which only served to goad Cas into a full, rumbling belly laugh. His head went back, and Dean found his gaze pulled to the long line of Cas' throat, the tan skin enticing. Luckily, before he had to remember how to form words, their waitress returned with their desserts.
“That what you want, Dean?” Cas grunted as he pounded into him, hopefully not expecting a verbal response because it was taking everything Dean had just to hang on and not be driven into the headboard by the force of Cas’ thrusts. “That feel good?
“You said it. She's my Baby. Had her since I was sixteen, restored her myself. I detailed her this afternoon, while waiting for a part for another car, so you're seeing her at her best.”
“Listen asshole, I'm betting you couldn't knot a pinhole, much less satisfy me. Why don't you go fuck yourself instead.”
“Not usually, but we can find out.” Sam nuzzled at his scent gland and Gabe found himself purring softly, then whimpering as Sam’s knot finally released him. “What's wrong, baby?”
good-looking, not sexually-appealing good-looking. You know when someone is attractive, whether you want to have sex with them or not.”
His hands suddenly full of demanding Omega, Cas growled deep in his throat, attempting to thrust up against his mate, but the seatbelt prevented the motion he wanted. “Dean, Dean…” he groaned, his hands roaming under Dean's t-shirt before sliding down to cup his ass. Dean's lips were everywhere, kissing him passionately one moment, moving gently over his mating mark, then sucking on an earlobe.
He sucked a dark bruise onto Dean’s throat, then reached over the side of the bed for the leather cuffs. He looped them through the rails of the headboard, and locked the first one around Dean’s wrist.
Cas sat down across from Dean, giving him a wry smile. “He's interesting, but the work he did for us is amazing.”
"Pie?" Cas asked. Dean met Cas' blue eyes, sparkling with mischief, and Dean was caught in his stare. "You're willing to share?"
he wondered for the hundredth time. He took another drink of his beer, watching absently as everyone was herded to sit in a loose circle on the floor and the coffee table was removed to leave an open space on the floor. Sam headed to the kitchen for more snacks and Cas dropped to sit cross-legged, then folded his legs in a lotus position easily. Watching him move so gracefully brought a lump to Dean's throat, and he washed it away with another mouthful of beer. It also made his knees ache in sympathy. Bodies were not supposed to bend that way! Cas met his eyes with a curious head tilt and Dean tossed him a wink, making his best friend grin widely and laugh.
Dean's hips bucked of their own volition at Cas' words, closer by far than he thought he'd be. Pushing at Cas' wrist, Dean shoved his hand away from his body, though he still couldn't contain the whine at the empty feeling.
This is s rough chapter, in that it details some of the abuse Cas suffered growing up, both mental and physical. As always, please take care of yourselves.
Dean's eyes dropped to the other man's mouth, which might not have been the best idea, because seeing those pink, slightly cracked lips wrapped around the neck of his beer bottle, watching as his throat moved as he emptied it, was doing graphic things to Dean's imagination, far too quickly. He bit back a whine and shifted slightly, falling back to sit on his stool. He swallowed hard, willing himself not to start leaking slick, trying to remain looking casual.
he screamed, wrapping his legs around Cas’ hips and clinging as best he could with sweat dripping from both their bodies. Finally Cas’ hips stuttered and Dean whined, pleading.
Cas groaned at his impassioned plea, and finally, there was the hot press of Cas' cock into his hole, and his eyes rolled back at the indescribable pleasure. The stretch, the burn, so good, so hot, oh
"So what movie are we watching tonight? Raiders or Empire?" Dean asked, finishing his beer and picking at the label.
"Cas, Cas, angel… oh God, I'm so close, I'm gonna--" He broke off, his head snapping back with a silent cry as he came, pumping his seed into Cas' body. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean tightly and pulled him in for another round of kisses.
mate didn’t stop by? And I thought I raised him right. Hope he’s at least messaging you a bit of excitement!” Dean teased, though he regretted it a moment later when a grin full of mischief crossed Gabe's impish features.
"Alright people, spin the bottle!" Charlie announced and Dean nearly choked. Glancing around he saw Aaron eyeing him shyly and bit back a groan as Benny elbowed him in the ribs from his left, while Lisa giggled and leaned into his side from the right. He could smell the tequila on her breath and wondered just how many shots she'd done.
“You'll do, son. You'll do,” the gruff old man told Cas, and Dean watched as a flush crossed his Alpha's features again.
“Dude, why are you blushing?!” Gabe heard Dean asking, then the Omega at the door burst out laughing. “Right. Don't want to talk about it. Call if you need anything else. See ya!”
“One more thing, my Omega. And I want you to tell me if you have any doubts. I want to put the blindfold back on you.”
“See you in half an hour, Gabriel. Goodbye.” Cas hung up and wrapped his arms around Dean to scent him for a minute.
Sam must have noticed the tiniest hint of self-consciousness on Gabe's face at that, and he scooped the other man into his arms, Gabe's legs wrapping instinctively around his waist.
The next day Dean limped down to the shop, glaring at Charlie and daring her to say a word. She wisely zipped her lips and ducked her head down to work. As the day progressed, Dean loosened up, mostly because Charlie went out of her way to be his feet, so he could sit and avoid moving too much. Dean manned the phone and the counter, wrapping flowers and chatting with the customers, making recommendations for weddings, Thanksgiving, and telling more clients than he could count that no, they weren’t taking orders for Christmas wreaths just yet.
Cas groaned deep in his chest and his hips began to lose their rhythm. "Going to come on my wings, Dean?" he asked, and Dean whimpered at the thought, pressing into the hand at his throat. Those clever wings stroked over his cock again and again, even as Cas pounded into him from behind. "Dean, close your eyes!"
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "I dunno how long I'll last, I've never topped without a condom…"
“Upstairs, Baby,” Cas whispered. “I’ll get you out of your vest, and then I’m gonna fuck you into the mattress, how’s that sound?”
They slammed into the bathroom stall, hands clutching as they made out, Dean's hands fumbling for Blue-Eyes' zipper and pulling out his half-hard cock. Spitting into his palm, he started to stroke the other man, then paused when his wrist was caught in an iron grip. A sly, sexy smirk crossed the stranger's face, and Dean bit back a moan.
When the burgers arrived, Dean munched on a few fries, waiting for Cas's reaction. The nearly pornographic moan he let out upon taking his first bite was worth the wait, and Dean chuckled at his mate's slightly sheepish smile.
"Because if not, I'm fine with it. I know we're both clean, and neither of us can get pregnant. I really want to feel you inside me…" Cas continued, his husky voice sparking all sorts of ideas in Dean's brain. He'd only ever bottomed for a quick buck to get Sammy food when they were younger, but this was different. The idea of being inside
Dean smirked. "What're you talking about? Raiders, Temple of Doom, and The Last Crusade! You've seen them all!"
“Dean, what you do to me. Wearing my shirt like that, knowing you're in the panties I bought for you that match your eyes... you've been driving me crazy all evening. You think I couldn't feel your eyes on me when I was in the kitchen?” He thrust lightly against Dean's palm, and then was pulling back to slide down the bed, undoing his Omega's jeans and pulling them down his legs. The emerald boyshorts were straining over Dean's cock, the lace panels hinting at his hip bones and the satin cupping him perfectly, showing the thick vein up the underside of his cock, the ridge of the head. Cas licked his lips and his eyes met Dean's.
Toys. Butt plugs and anal beads. Flavoured lube. Well, that told him who might use the plugs, as Dean’s body provided its own slick. Two pairs of fur-lined leather cuffs, or would those be manacles? A blindfold, a set of nipple clamps, silk scarves. And near the bottom, a leather paddle. Dean stared at it, his body tightening and flushing with heat. Cas had promised to punish him for misbehaving. He glanced into the drawer again and spotted the receipt, dated that afternoon. A different warmth swept through him, that Cas would leave that for him to see with everything he’d bought, and know that they were just for the two of them.
Dean teased and turned his focus inward. He greeted his wolf, who was tired and ecstatic, and saw the bite in his mind's eye that hadn't marred the wolf's throat previously. His inner Omega nodded, content to rest.
Dean shuddered, going limp, only his white-knuckled grip on the headboard belying his tension. “Alpha,” Dean’s voice was slightly muffled, buried as his face was against a pillow, but the husky timbre came through loud and clear. “We’re green.”
“I told them you weren't with me.” Dean gave a little smile, but he was clearly rethinking the cleverness of that decision. “Anyway, I told them I was picking up Sammy's food and that we'd be back in ten, so we'd better go.”
Dean slung an arm about Cas’ shoulders as they hit the parking lot, leading the way to Baby. Cas' eyes widened at the sight of her, gleaming black and chrome, and he ran his fingers slowly up the hood as he approached the passenger door.
Dean moaned. “Jesus, Baby, you tryin’ to kill me?” Stumbling up the stairs he made for the bedroom as quickly as he could, then crawled up onto the bed, laying on his stomach. Cas paused as he entered the bedroom, dropping his vest and stripping out of his slacks and socks, then tossing his tie and shirt across the room. Gloriously nude, Cas stalked closer, his cock standing out proudly from his hips. Dean groaned against the pillow as he watched his lover approach and rutted lightly against the mattress, seeking friction for his aching cock.
won’t want another Alpha around, it won't matter that I'm your brother. I'll call ahead to place an order, what does Sam want? You know what,” Cas shook his head, scratching at the back of his neck as he bit back a yawn, “get Sam to call and place the order, and add two bacon cheeseburgers and fries to that. That'll take care of lunch for Dean and I. I don't know why you couldn't call Anna, though. Our sister is perfectly capable of fetching burgers for you.”
Dean tilted his head back and his new boyfriend took the hint, kissing over his throat and down to his collarbone. He felt Cas' hands slip under the edge of his jacket, then Cas was shoving it down his arms, letting it fall to the floor. Catching on quickly, Dean squirmed free to bend and unlace his boots, then kicked them off toward the mat. Cas was stripping his trench and tossing it over the back of the couch facing into the living area, then toed off his boots as well.
"I'm heading to Kali's, no sex in my room! See ya later, boys!" Gabriel gave them a jaunty salute and wandered out of the house. Cas shut the door behind him with a sigh of wry resignation. He locked it, then turned to Dean.
"Want me to ask nicely? Or did you want me to beg?" Dean deliberately licked his lips, smirking in triumph as Cas' eyes followed the wet slide. Cas was on him in an instant, grabbing his wrists and pinning them to the bed, his hold like shackles. Dean merely smirked up at him and hooked a leg around Cas' waist, rolling his body lithely up against the angel's.
Jo burst out laughing, even as she sprayed a bit of neutralizing air freshener from a mini aerosol she pulled from her apron.
Dean groaned and kissed Cas soundly, delving past his lips to tangle their tongues, but Cas gripped his hair and pulled him back.
“Nah, Bobby. It's okay,” Dean soothed. “I used that trick of popping the joint in my thumb to make him think I broke his wrist, then Cas picked him up by the collar and banned his pasty, bald ass. Ash's cameras helped, too!”
Dean's eyes fluttered shut as he swayed, only Cas' quick shift around the table to catch him keeping him on his feet. Cas let him sink back to his seat, still following with his lips. Only then did Dean realise that maybe it wasn't quite Cas following, but Dean's hands fisted in Cas' hair or the way he was kissing him back like a man drowning.
“Cheeseburgers! Bacon cheeseburgers from some place called the Roadhouse! My heat tripped, Sam can't leave me, Balth and Jimmy are covering at work for us. Please, Cassie?”
“I can easily carry you there. But really, you're going to call your sister while I'm knotted inside you?”
“We haven't discussed that yet, in so many words. But since my house is where our bed is, and has far more room, it would make sense that we make our home there. If we decide it isn't what suits our needs, we'll address it at that time.” He glanced at Dean, who was smiling shyly down at him, as though pleased with his Alpha's plans. “Though if you hate the house, let me know before I spend an exorbitant amount on the gardens, won't you?”
Dean felt his face flame as she spoke, having had no intention of letting Cas know he'd made changes to the appointment details. He glanced up at his Alpha through his lashes and was met with a look of such tenderness that he nearly melted on the spot.
“Dean, shhh, Omega-mine, it’s okay, come here,” Cas coaxed, willing himself to calm, his voice soft and gentle. “Come here, baby, it’s alright. It was a misunderstanding. Now come here so we can talk this through. By the way, did you pay attention to how to get these off before you decided to cuff both of us?”
"Cas…" he breathed, twisting his head to bite at Cas' throat, sucking a mark into his skin. Cas groaned against his throat and pressed against him, bearing Dean down to the floor and grinding against him.
“Sorry, I got a little… overzealous,” he apologized, kissing the tender spot gently, at odds with the rough passion they’d shared.
you." He winced even as he changed what he was going to say, and his shoulders drooped. He was such a fucking coward.
"You didn't finish, don't stop," Cas murmured, stretching lazily beneath him and wrapping his legs around Dean's waist.
Dean watched as his best friend dug into a greasy bacon cheeseburger, moaning as though it were the most incredible thing he'd ever tasted. Maybe it was? Molecules and all that, when he was an angel, so maybe this burger really was a transcendent experience. It wasn't making life easier for Dean though, who squirmed in the booth opposite Cas and tried to think of anything but the quiet moans and sighs coming from across the table.
Gabe sighed and took another bite of his burger, and was rewarded with another slow rock of Sam's hips. He moaned softly, and clenched around Sam's cock deliberately, pulling a moan from his mate. But then Sam's hips stilled.
Sam grabbed a handful of underwear blindly and shoved them into the bottom of the bag with the note. He tossed as many pairs of jeans as he could into the bag, a stack of t-shirts, socks, and a few flannels and Henleys. He strode into the en suite bathroom and scooped up Dean's toiletry bag, tossed his toothbrush and blockers in, along with a stick of deodorant. Gabe left him to it.
, digging into the loam, a liquid pain running down his spine like a lightning bolt, there and gone again. When he turned his head, panting for breath, he saw. He'd shifted, Cas had shifted.
"Cas, home," Dean gasped, pushing him back with effort, then spinning him to pin him against the passenger door in turn.
"Baby, you're killin' me. I can't leave yet, but--" Cas cut him off with another deep, claiming kiss and he bit back a moan as Cas ground against him. He could feel his dick responding and clamped his hands on Cas' waist.
Jo handed them a large to-go box. “Here, it'll hold both, and it's not like you're not going to the same place. Welcome to the family, Cas.” Jo patted him on the shoulder and he smiled up at her shyly.
Dean woke up slowly, rolling sleepily to face his lover, only to find the space beside him empty. He froze, thinking back uncertainly to their first night together, when Cas walked through the door. He was wearing a pair of cotton sleep pants slung low on his hips and carried two mugs of coffee, his hair, a disaster. Dean rolled onto his back and sat up, stretching slowly and wiggling back to lean against the pillows. Handing Dean one of the coffees, Cas crawled back onto the bed, setting his own mug onto the bedside table. Dean took a slow, careful sip and sighed with pleasure.
Dean dropped one hand to his own zipper, pulling out his own throbbing cock and stroking it fast as he deep-throated the stranger over and over. The wet, gagging sound filled the stall for anyone to hear and Dean moaned at the thrill of having his face fucked so publicly. His cock jumped in his hand and he came all over the floor, slumping slightly for a moment then straightening as Blue-Eyes stroked his cheek.
"I won't share it, but you're far too pretty like this to not have something to remember you by," Blue-Eyes growled, pulling him to his feet and kissing him soundly. Dean moaned again as the stranger licked his way into his mouth, groaning at the taste of himself on Dean's tongue.
Dean jerked under his touch, whining desperately for more as Cas reached for his own belt, quickly pulling it loose and dropping it to the floor. He popped open his fly and lowered the zipper, and reached in to stroke his cock through his underwear. Dean’s eyes followed his movements, and his Omega licked his lips in anticipation. Cas pulled Dean to him in a desperate kiss, claiming, wordlessly commanding his Omega to obey. Dean melted against him, submitting to him fully and going pliant, and Cas’ wolf howled in victory.
One of Cas' long, graceful fingers breached him then, and Dean tensed at the feeling. He'd fooled around, playing with himself, and sure, there had been that time when Rhonda Hurley fingered him that was forever ingrained in the top five, but Cas' fingers were long, and thick, and distinctly not his own. Seeming unerringly, Cas found his prostate and stroked over it, teasing him with gentle touches until Dean was writhing on the bed, his cock leaking onto his stomach.
Without hesitation, Dean reached back and twisted the man's wrist sharply, the cry of pain from the drunken Alpha was a balm to Cas’ wolf, but a low growl escaped him nonetheless.
Cas climbed onto the bed and straddled Dean’s legs, bending and pulling his pants down to expose his pale pink panties. Cas growled at the sight and nipped at Dean’s cheek through the silk, then reached over to grab the lube from the bedside drawer. Cas tugged the fabric to one side and rubbed over Dean’s hole with dry fingers, making him shiver and gasp at the sensation.
“I always knew who my mother was and I don't miss her. I wish Dad would’ve left her sooner, but that wasn't my call to make. It wasn’t any of ours. He didn't know she was hitting me, her brothers helped hide it from him, and they'd hit me too. We can't change the past, so we look forward. Now. Shall we go home?”
“I did. She's in rut. So that's no bueno.” There was a pause, and when Cassie spoke again, Gabe could hear the smile in his voice.
"Can I?" he asked, his voice impossibly deep and Dean nodded, swallowing with nervous excitement. Cas's long, clever fingers quickly undid Dean's jeans and tugged them down his bowed legs, exposing pale pink, satin panties. Cas let out a choked gasp and dropped to nestle between Dean's thighs. His breath was warm against the satin and the skin beneath, then he mouthed along the base of Dean's cock and up the shaft. Dean moaned under Cas' expert touch.
Dean snorted at him, but settled down with his head on his paws, and Cas flicked his thick tail around them to offer the warmth. Dean slowly drifted off to sleep, and finally, finally, a low rumbling purr started. Cas gave a huff of relief, and resolved to talk to him again when they woke. He wanted his mate to be certain that they were okay.
Sunday night for Gabriel and Sam, Gabriel's heat makes one last appearance. This is the night before the last chapter, sorry for the confused timeline.
Monday morning for Sam and Gabe, then they head to Cas and Dean's to pull their prank, with unexpected consequences.
His Alpha was adorable when he was so earnest, and Dean spun around and knocked into him. He sent the Alpha tumbling, instigating a wrestling match that turned into another chase, this one full of nips and playful dodges as they made their way back toward the house. They stopped at the edge of the woods and Dean quirked an ear at Cas.
"C'mon, angel, show me what you got, wanna feel it!" Dean demanded, then howled out a cry as Cas' palm struck again on the other cheek. Over and over, Cas spanked his ass until it burned and everything was hazy and he felt like he was floating. There was a long pause, and Dean squirmed. "Cas?" The angel's name had barely passed his lips when Cas spanked him again, directly over the end of the plug. Cas' broad hand froze, then his fingers nudged, just a little. Dean whimpered as pleasure sang through his nerves, firing white-hot at the pressure against his prostate.
"Get your clothes off, angel." Cas tensed at the endearment, and Dean shook his head. "You're always gonna be my angel, Cas."
“So,” Dean asked breathlessly, “who else do I need to meet? Your brother, Jimmy, your sister, Anna… you haven't mentioned your parents much…”
Cas rolled his eyes and poked and pushed Dean until he was curled up against Cas' side, his head on Cas' chest.
“Hey, Cas. Just back today, needed to get everything back up and running after this one nearly bankrupted me.” He threw a thumb towards Charlie as he dropped his voice to a stage whisper, grinning at her indignant squawk. Then he saw Cas’ frown of concern and laughed. “I’m kidding about that, but we have been busy today. I appreciate you coming by. The chocolates have been selling well.”
And loving him as he did, he did as his Omega asked, and picked up the paddle. He didn’t strike him yet though, first he brushed the smooth, cool leather over his mate’s pert ass, watching as he shivered in anticipation.
And Cas shifted. Dean stared for a moment, then slunk down onto the floor, and knelt before his Alpha.
"Fuck, that feels so good, sweetheart!" Dean murmured, trying not to buck his hips, trembling with the effort of keeping still.
Cas leaned back and fisted his hands in Dean's t-shirt, followed by a great ripping sound as he tore it in two. Dean's body jerked with the pull, and he felt his cock harden further with the demonstration of strength. Cas manhandled him onto his stomach and his jeans followed the way of his shirt, sparking a protest this time.
"What I need is for you to get inside me," he ordered, and Dean groaned as he felt himself harden even further.
"Not God, just an angel," Cas teased, and Dean huffed a laugh at the familiar joke about Cas' name. His breathless laughter turned into an unrestrained moan as Cas tugged the panties down his thighs and flicked his tongue over the head again, the heat of his mouth intoxicating. Fire ran through his veins, Cas moaning around the head of his cock, hollowing his cheeks and sinking down on him.
Dissolving into helpless laughter, Cas climbed to his feet and pulled Dean up with him, and they wandered through the house to the basement, where Charlie was kicking ass at Mario Kart, as usual. As they appeared in the doorway, silly smiles still in place and their hands linked, Dean met Sam's glance from across the room, where he was nuzzling at Ruby's hair.
Dean babbled, his body quickly overloaded with stimulation as Cas thrust his tongue into his hole over and over. The Alpha shifted and pressed a finger in alongside his tongue, unerringly finding his mate’s prostate. Dean cried out above him and ground down against his hand. Cas quickly slid a second finger into him, moving up to lick gently at his sac. He buried his face against the base of Dean's cock, mouthing at the thick shaft, the wiry hair brushing his nose. His fingers were sliding easily now, and he added a third, crooking them and teasing over that bundle of nerves that would drive his Omega crazy.
Much appreciation to Dani, my amazing beta, and to my wonderful friends on Destiel Writers Discord. Hopefully I'm forgiven. 😘
Dean slid one hand down and around to fumble with the belt of Cas' trench coat, then under his button-down and over his hip. Dean moaned softly at the feel of Cas' skin pebbling under his hands, and he felt Cas shiver at his touch. Fisting both hands in the front of Dean's shirt, pulling the fabric taut over Dean's chest, Cas growled softly, "Inside, now."
"Let me see those eyes, angel. Want to see all of you." He pulled back a little, and suddenly Cas’ large, warm hands were cupping his ass, caressing him over the satin, pulling him closer,
Cas had bent to pick up the blindfold, but at the endearment he let out a groan, and sank down on the bed next to his mate. Dean rolled to face him, as much as the cuffs would allow. Cas cupped his fingers gently over Dean’s jaw, and leaned in. At first just their noses bumped against each other, the lightest of nuzzling touches. Then Cas tilted Dean’s face gently, and their lips met slowly, tenderly, barely moving. Cas could feel his perpetually chapped lips catching slightly against Dean’s, and suddenly Dean’s tongue was brushing over the seam of his lips. He smiled into the kiss, parting his lips for his Omega, who groaned against him for a split second before his tongue was delving past and tangling with his own. He moaned, and nearly lost himself in the kiss, but slowly, so slowly, pulled himself back. He rested his forehead against Dean’s, breathing in the scent of his mate and their pups, and a low rumble of contentment rose in his chest.
” he breathed softly and took Cas’ hand in his. “How did you do that? So far, It’s only happened when I’ve been threatened, or when--” He broke off, blushing slightly as he remembered when both their hands shifted. He glanced at his mate and Cas simply winked at him.
Dean's back stiffened as he watched his best friend scoop the saucy brunette into his arms and kiss her deeply. His large hands tangled in her dark curls, and she seemed to melt against him.
"Feel good, babe?" he asked softly, wetting his lips and stroking a thumb over the red, dripping head of Cas' cock. "See how nice it is having a body, not just a wavelength of celestial intent?"
Dean wove his way through the bar towards the door when a moist, clammy hand closed about his wrist. He twisted his wrist free, and snarled at the overweight, balding man.
“Nah, too much paperwork. But I may start wandering other bars, and if I see him pull that shit on another Omega, it won't just be his wrist.”
“I have no shame. Yes!” Dean winced as his name was shouted from the doorway behind him. Jo walked off with her parents, all three laughing.
A tall, slender blond man appeared from the back, and rolled his eyes. “Now Gabby, that's no way to speak of me. Cassie is apparently leaving early, so if you want my help closing, you'd do well not to insult me.”
Dean's eyes dropped automatically and he wet his lips unconsciously at the sight that greeted him. His underwear was starting to feel uncomfortably damp, and there was no way Cas couldn't scent his slick. His eyes flew back to Cas’, who was watching him with a dark look.
Dean's eyes widened at the order, then he slammed them shut, just in time. Cas pistoned his hips into him twice more, then his body tensed, locking against Dean as he spilled over. The lightbulb burst as a brilliant blue flare of grace filled the room, Cas' cries pulling Dean over the precipice. He shuddered with a silent scream as he came over the feathers teasing his cock, then collapsed to the bed, only able to moan softly as Cas continued to rock into him slowly.
Dean felt his cheeks heat at the way Cas spoke his name, like a caress, and he pulled Cas in for another kiss. Step by step they moved through the house, careening off walls and tripping up the stairs as they continued to make out. Dean's plaid decorated the banister on the way to the second floor, and by the time they hit the upper hallway, Cas' button-down was three-quarters undone. Dean pinned Cas to a wall suddenly and his mouth found his boyfriend's collarbone, then trailed down his chest to tongue at a pebbled nipple.
When next they woke, their wolves had let them shift back, and they were wrapped around each other in a tangle of limbs. Blue eyes stared into green for a moment, then Cas slowly, tentatively bent to kiss Dean, each movement careful and gentle. Dean’s lips opened for him without hesitation, and Cas scented him carefully, seeking any negative emotions. All he could smell was warmth, home, mate, and he knew they were okay. He disentangled himself from Dean slowly, and stood, pulling Dean upright with him. He slowly walked Dean backwards to the bed, and urged him up onto the mattress. Dean crawled backwards until he was nestled on the pillows, and Cas followed, trailing gentle kisses up his mate’s body until their lips met again. By the time he reached Dean’s mouth his mate was squirming underneath him, whimpering and panting.
Dean mused. Well, he'd have to see what he could do to arrange that for his little brother, the moose.
With a quick kiss, Sam went to Dean's room to pack a bag. Gabe lay sprawled on the bed in a drowsy haze until he heard an exclamation from his Alpha, and he dragged himself to the door to Dean's room to investigate. After the claws, he wasn't leaving anything to chance.
Dean took full advantage of the exposed throat and mouthed his way down to the hollow below the clavicle, tugging Cas' shirt to one side to reach. Those long, clever fingers roamed up his back again and tangled in his hair, pulling him closer even as his hips rolled against Dean's in demand.
“That's because you refuse to admit I have one,” she retorted, and turned on her heel to help the next table.
“Please, Cas, oh please fuck me, oh God, I’ve gotta come, please!” Cas chuckled darkly above him, then untied his legs, and threw them about his hips. With one hard thrust he sank home. Dean cried out in relief as his lover for the night started thrusting desperately, knowing it wouldn’t take long to come, the way Cas was pounding into his prostate with every second or third pistoning of his sharp hips. The man’s broad frame caged him in and Dean writhed against the ropes securing his arms, desperate to move, to touch, but after the second round Cas had suggested spicing it up and Dean agreed, drunk on lust and lazy with his last orgasm.
man, I could just…" He broke off with an absolutely unangelic moan as Dean rolled his hips under him; then their mouths met, tongues tangling as Cas captured Dean's lips.
The door closed, and Gabe sauntered down the stairs. Sam's eyes flashed red, his nostrils flaring. Within half a second Gabe was in his arms, and Sam was scenting at his throat, running his hands over his bare chest, then picked him up and rubbed his stubbled jaw against Gabe's.
"I'm ready. Please, Dean, take me," Cas begged and Dean dropped his head against his lover's shoulder, mouthing at the skin and trailing soft kisses up to his jaw.
“Back to work. I ain't leavin’ Garth and Rufus alone in my shop, Rufus'll kill him for bein’ too happy, even with Victor there. What, you need a bodyguard?”
“I'm sorry, I tried instilling manners into him, but that boy never picked ‘em up. Least not how to behave around civilized folk.”
Cas rolled his eyes in turn and leaned in for a kiss. "Was that what you had in mind, Dean? A bit of nostalgia for when I didn't know what lube was?"
“Ours. Until Dean moves out, then we'll take that room. It's bigger so we can get a proper nesting bed, and the en suite is there.”
I'm alive! I've got the next couple chapters already written, so we'll have a few semi-regular updates. Thank you to all my readers for bearing with me as I try to manage my shit. Love you all!
Cas lifted a hand casually and focused on it, a small frown of concentration creasing his forehead. Dean's eyes widened as Cas’ fingertips shifted slowly to claws.
“How am I supposed to keep my mind on the road?” Dean gasped, letting go of Cas’ hair and white-knuckling Baby’s steering wheel until his knuckles cracked. He fought to keep his hips still, focused on his driving, though he definitely drove faster than usual through town. Cas eased off as he whimpered, then picked up the pace again, teasing him ceaselessly until they pulled into the driveway and Dean hit the button for the garage opener. Cas pulled off with a smirk, wiping drool and precome from his chin as Dean pulled into the garage. Dean hauled him across the bench the moment he had Baby’s engine turned off, Cas moulding himself to him and kissing him with desperate passion, dominant and thorough, claiming his mouth and leaving Dean panting.
Dean cut him off, practically bolting for the door as Gabe cackled behind him. Cas’ low rumbling laughter nearly enticed him into staying, but he made it out to the parking lot.
Cas kissed his forehead gently then pressed his own to Dean’s. He seemed to take a deep breath, then his eyes found Dean’s in the darkness, the only light from a streetlamp dimmed by the curtains.
Cas stepped back abruptly and shook his head roughly. “This drive is going to suck,” Cas declared in a low growl, and when Dean turned to face him, he saw pure Alpha in the red eyes watching his every move.
“Way to go Cassie!” Gabe burst out laughing, quickly firing off a text to his favourite brother. He snorted at the reply, rolling his eyes, but a huge smile was on his face. He tapped out a quick question, drumming his fingers on the counter as he waited for the reply. Sam offered him a glass of orange juice, and he took it with a grin.
He quickly tied the blindfold over Dean’s eyes, but despite his words, he moved gently, and trailed his fingers down his spine as he moved back.
Dean pulled Cas back into his arms by his belt and felt a rush of power as those deep blue eyes went dark with lust. "You want me in your bed, sweetheart?"
Sam stared at the man in shock, but heard Cassie lean over and whisper to Dean, “Another reason I moved out.”
“Depends on when I can get my part-time employee in to work on it. Most of my boys can't be trusted with an older car, but the idjit went and got himself mated when he was supposed to work on it tomorrow morning, so who knows if he'll show up!”
Cw:  please note Alex's story is condensed and retold here, so brief mention of rape, underage pregnancy, and domestic violence leading to miscarriage.
Cas eyed him for a moment and held out his hands for the keys. Dean carefully handed them over, making no move to step away from the driver's door. Cas walked backward to the end of the car, keeping Dean in sight until opening the trunk blocked his line of vision.
A high-pitched, stuttering whine filled Dean’s ears, a breathy exhalation that climbed higher and faster with the tempo of Cas’ hips until it seemed like a continuous cry, only pausing when Dean gulped for air. Which was when he realized the sound was coming from him. He’d long since collapsed to his chest, his hands shoved up under the pillow and hanging onto the headboard for dear life, searching for something to ground him to himself as his lover took him apart thrust after thrust. The push and pull dragged Cas’ cock over his prostate and it lit him up like a rocket, and suddenly he was screaming Cas’ name, babbling incoherently as his lover angled his hips and did it again and again. Cas was like a machine, pistoning his hips and driving Dean up the bed, one hand on Dean’s hip and the other twisting in the laces of the vest he still wore.
Dean spoke without thinking. “Giving how delicious your shop smells, I can see why.” Charlie elbowed him sharply, and Dean shrugged. “It’s a chocolate shop; that’s a compliment!” He turned back to Cas, only to find the Beta strangely silent, his cheeks flushed. “I’d recommend bamboo or ferns, or other green plants that don’t flower indoors. Jade, English ivy, peace lilies, philodendron, any kind of succulent… even spider plants would give you plenty of greenery without adding distracting scents, so your customers would be able to smell the chocolate.”
“Nope!” Cas replied, popping the P with a lazy smirk. He lowered the drunk to allow him to stand on his own, and waved at a large server going past. “Benny, please assist Mr. Adler in settling his tab, I know he has one running. Then call him a cab, and pass the word to my brothers. This is his last visit to our establishment.”
He reached the bar and looked about for an available bartender when movement to his left caught his eye. The dark haired man on the next stool slid a beer over to him with a grin.
“Yup. He bought me a beer when I beat the timer,” Dean grinned across the table at Cas, and his mate flushed slightly.
The Alpha growled at his mate, his eyes tinged red when his hands supporting Gabe's body were suddenly soaked.
Dean pushed back on Cas’ shoulder until Cas rolled onto his back, then he proceeded to kiss his way lightly down Cas’ chest. Slipping the sleep pants down over his lover’s hips, he spent a few minutes worshipping at the altar of his body, namely the hip bones sharp enough to cut glass. When Cas was moaning beneath him Dean moved to the other, marking it with his teeth and lips, leaving a dark bruise in the hollow above it. He glanced down and saw Cas was half-hard already, and he crawled up his lover’s body to kiss him softly.
Dean decided silently, his dick jumping to instant attention as Cas continued to torture him, all unknowing. Small moans of rapture continued to escape the former angel, his eyes fluttering closed in pure bliss as he ate. When he was halfway through the pie, he seemed to notice Dean's transfixed staring, and a blush swept over those perfectly stubbled cheeks.
Cas rolled them to pin Dean to the mattress, rolling his hips against Dean’s lightly. “You’ve got me.”
He crawled into bed, sighing happily at the feel of his memory foam mattress, then wrinkling his nose slightly. He grabbed Cas’ pillow, but it had a new pillowcase. Muttering under his breath, he climbed out of bed and stumbled into the bathroom. Digging through the hamper he found Cas’ t-shirt from the day before, and took a deep breath. His Alpha’s scent surrounded him, and he found himself relaxing, his shoulders loosening. He wondered how Cas was faring at work, where at least he’d have distractions for the next couple hours.
Alpha,” Dean whimpered as he opened the driver’s door to reach back to unlock the back door. The moment it was unlocked, Cas was wrenching the door open and tugging him around to pull him into the backseat. A moment later he was grateful the t-shirt Dean had put on that morning had been just a plain black one, because in one pull he ripped the shirt down the front and was pushing the shreds down over his Omega’s arms, along with the loose flannel he wore over it. Dean’s body jerked with the strength of his Alpha’s pull, and Cas knew that even Dean's new lined panties weren’t going to save his jeans from the gush of slick that he could scent strongly in the confined air. Dean’s hands shook as he reached for Cas’ buttons, trying to be careful not to pop any since his Alpha would be going back inside.
Thank you so much to malmuses for her suggestions and help as my beta, and to my readers new and old! See you next week!
“Home away from home. Ellen and Bobby more or less raised Sam and I after Mom died. Like I told you, Dad tried, but he’d pretty much checked out. I reminded him too much of Mom, I guess.” Dean shrugged, but Cas could see the wound was still there.
Balth glanced over the bar at Sam and his eyebrows nearly hit his hairline. “I see. Well, Victor and Benny are still here, and I suppose it will make up for that time I had that ménage à -- What's the word for twelve? -- back at the house.”
"That so?" Dean gave a cocky smile, eyeing the man in return. He was about Dean’s own height, with sexed-up dark hair, gorgeous blue eyes, and was dressed in cowboy boots, dark jeans, and an AC/DC t-shirt. Dean loved the shirt, even if it seemed slightly out of place in the country bar. He also had several rings piercing each ear and one in his eyebrow. Dean wondered idly what else he might have pierced. In other words, everything about him had Dean's inner wolf sitting up with its tail wagging.
Cas flew into his arms, kissing him deeply, both of them tasting of stale breath and coffee, and neither seeming to mind.
He struck again with the paddle, left and then right, then dropped it onto the bed, and struck with his hand, right and then left. Dean wailed at the sudden change in the pattern he’d come to expect, his body jumping. Cas could see the slick soaking his thighs, and quickly dropped between his legs, burying his face against his Omega’s hole, lapping at him and moaning at the taste. Distantly, beyond the roaring of his pulse in his ears, he could hear Dean’s cries, begging for more, for his knot, pleading with him. Finally, unable to wait any longer, he lunged to blanket his mate’s prone body with his own, and biting down on the nape of his neck, he slid into Dean’s slick, waiting heat.
” The line went muffled, but he could still make out the conversation between his brother and Dean. “
“Sure, rub it in. What time are you gonna be home, angel?” Dean asked as he headed for the bathroom.
"Mine," he muttered, leaning in to kiss Cas again. Cas startled against him at his words, and Dean froze, second-guessing himself. "You are mine, right, Cas?" he asked, pulling back.
"Cas?" he breathed shakily, only to moan as Cas' hands slipped down to cup his ass and pull him close. Cas' mouth was hot on his throat, and he found his fingers frantically undoing the buttons on Cas' habitual suit. "Bedroom."
"Ah. Thanks for explaining. Now where was I?" Dean watched in amused arousal as Cas went from curious kitten to smitey angel of the Lord, his eyes flashing. His amusement only lasted a moment though, because in the next breath, Cas had thrown his legs over his shoulders and was nuzzling at the plug, all while staring up at Dean with those intense blue eyes.
And for my sprinting buddies in Writers of Destiel Discord, who were waiting so desperately for the next chapter. 😉
Cas begged, before falling into a babble of Enochian that Dean had no hope of following. Even humanity couldn't erase the instinct to fall back to his native language, and Dean hummed his pleasure at seeing his angel falling apart.
“I can't figure out how to fuck you while you’re still wearing these, but damn I want to...” He growled and the scent of slick strengthened.
Dean was tipsy. Not drunk by any means, but with a warm, golden glow that made him giggly and cozy while sitting on the floor of Charlie's living room. Lisa passed him the bowl of popcorn, and Benny reached over his shoulder with a fresh beer. He grabbed a handful of popcorn then passed the bowl to Benny, who'd settled on the couch with Andrea. Cas was across the room by the iPod, shuffling through tunes with Sam and Meg, ignoring the pleas of his on-again, off-again girlfriend Daphne to play "their" song. Dean knew they were currently off, and he hoped this time it stuck.
Gabriel gave a proud little grin as Cas' delivery of that shot, then stepped past them, out the still-open door.
“Don't look now Dean, but your wolf is showing.” Charlie's tone was teasing, but when Dean glanced at his hands, he found she was right. His fingers had shifted and he could feel his fangs had descended. He breathed deeply, deliberately seeking out the scent of his pups, and watched as his fingers returned to normal.
“You’re going to be good for me, aren’t you my little Omega? You’re going to take your punishment, and you’re going to thank me for it, aren’t you?”
Cas clutched at his hips hard enough to bruise and his mouth dropped open in a silent scream as he filled the condom, the heat scorching Dean from the inside out. His teeth clamped down on Dean’s shoulder painfully, but Dean was so far gone he simply shuddered under the sharp bite.
"And we can airbrush them gold or bronze easily enough for a fall feel…" Cas mused, tapping a finger against pursed lips. "I gotta get back. Gabriel’s manning the shop and…"
Dean goes to his second job and has a long talking with Ellen and Bobby, revealing some truths that Dean had suspected. He then heads to Milton's to torment his Alpha.
“Charlie, hey, how's it go-- Roadhouse for lunch, why? Yes… but... can I just --” Dean stared at his phone. “She hung up.”
Dean ran up to the house and unlocked the door, only to be met by a glaring, protective Alpha. Cas watched Dean pause, his posture stiffening for a moment, and he fought his wolf’s instincts to protect his mate, knowing it was likely just Dean's changed scent that was riling Sam's Alpha. A minute later, Dean was jogging back to the Impala with a duffel over his shoulder, which he chucked into the back seat.
Dean popped off, his cheeks flushed with heat, and his eyes watering from the times Cas had accidentally bucked and choked him a little. Still, he smirked as he moved back a bit even as Cas whined in distress. "Oh, no, you don't, angel. Not yet." Shifting Cas' legs up over his shoulders, he bent and pressed a kiss directly over his tightly furled pucker. Cas jumped.
” he sang, bopping to the music. Cas grinned and pulled him close for a kiss, slotting one muscular thigh between Dean's legs, grinding against him in time to the music.
Dean cast his eyes around the bar, looking for a likely pickup. Two months earlier he'd broken up with his latest boyfriend, if he could even be called that, and needed an outlet. Cole had been bad news, constantly picking fights and unfaithful to boot. After an embarrassing but necessary conversation with his doctor, a round of antibiotics, and an admonishment to use condoms going forward, Dean was back in the field.
pulling a deep, rumbling purr from Cas. He ran his nose gently along his Omega’s jawline again, and Dean tilted his head, exposing his throat in a gesture of submission and trust. Cas inhaled his mate’s scent once more and trailed a gentle hand down Dean’s stomach to rest low on his pelvis, heedless of the mess of Dean’s spend. He trailed his fingers in tiny circles over Dean’s pelvic bone, and smiled as Dean’s smile turned dreamy.
Dean palmed the growing bulge in his jeans and smirked.  "You gonna teach me a lesson, Cas?" He let out a low moan, twisting on his sheets as Cas stalked closer, watching as the angel slowly stripped off his familiar trench coat. Cas tossed it aside without even glancing at the chair, his suit jacket following. Dean watched in amusement as both landed perfectly, piling on the chair without daring to slither to the floor by so much as an inch, lest the wrath of the angel of the Lord turn on them.
Charlie spun next and the bottle stopped pointing at Benny's girlfriend, Andrea, and Benny gave a teasing growl as the two women locked lips for a moment. Charlie broke the kiss after a second and waggled her eyebrows, then it was Meg's turn.
Dean grinned as he sang the next lines, his eyes twinkling with mischief as his hands roved over his lover. “
“Cas covered it all,” she soothed, giving him a wink. Beside her, Jo nodded, her face giving away just what she thought about the situation. Charlie threw an arm around Jo’s shoulders and looked up. “Hey Cas, gonna show off your parlour trick?” she asked, her eyes full of delighted mischief.
Cas glanced down at Dean's plate, and his eyes followed his fork back to his lips. Dean couldn't resist a flirtatious flick of his tongue over the tines of his fork and moaned maybe a little louder than necessary.
Picking Gabe up by the waist, he lined him up and slid into the Omega, both men groaning at the feeling of being joined again. Rather than immediately beginning to thrust, Sam reached for another of Gabe's fries and held it to his lips, and when he opened for the food, Sam started to rock in the chair, the tiniest movement, a bare reminder of what was to come.
All too soon, not soon enough, the Alpha barked another command and the Omega shifted slightly. His Alpha climbed over him, licking at his ear, nuzzling at his scent gland. The Omega shivered in anticipation, wanting, waiting to be claimed by his mate. His Alpha didn't keep him waiting long.
“Notice how assholes like that are the first ones to grope and try to pick up another man for a quick fuck in an alley, but as soon as they're turned down, out come the homophobic slurs? Seriously, this is the wrong fucking bar. Between the rainbow flag decal in the window, and the Omega Safe Zone sticker on the door, I don't know what the hell he was doing here.”
Dean drove the few blocks to Cas' place, and they piled out of the car as soon as he was parked next to Cas' Continental. Dean half-jogged a couple steps to catch up with Cas as he rounded the front of Baby and tangled their fingers together. Cas paused and glanced at him, a silly smile curving his lips.
By the time Dean left, he knew more than he cared to about Gilda, right down to her shoe size. He teased Charlie ruthlessly, until she cast a glance out the front window and across the street to the chocolate shop, then he felt himself flush and clammed up. Rubbing a hand over his jaw, he realised he hadn't shaved since before his rut. He shrugged, deciding to keep the beard for now.
Dean slowly moved backwards towards the door, tugging Cas along. His hands slid down Cas' back and settled at his waist, grabbing the belt of his trench coat. He pulled Cas flush against him, then the door was at his back and Cas was pressing kisses down his throat. Cas fumbled with his keys as he nipped and sucked a mark onto Dean's throat, the warmth of arousal curling in Dean's gut, shivers flying down his spine. He pulled Cas' hips firmly against his own, moaning as the half-chub he was sporting ground against a similar bulge in Cas' pants.
"C'mon Cas, need you. You can rip me a new asshole later, I'm a lot more interested in what you can do with the one I already got."
Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s short hair, scratching lightly at his scalp as he dragged his hand down toward the nape of his neck. Dean shivered lightly, and his purr slid through their bedroom, the scent of his arousal and contentment both increasing.
They sent the happy couple off with a wave, then Cas pulled Dean into his arms and kissed him with enough passion to draw catcalls and whistles from those around them. Eileen's father, Cain, rolled his eyes indulgently and promised to get the presents back to Sam and Eileen's house. Throwing them a wink, he waved them out the door, and Dean pulled Cas out to Baby.
Cas nuzzled gently at the nape of his neck and reached around to his chest to undo the clasps on the vest. “Mmmm?”
Dean lunged forward and captured Cas' lips, swallowing the low moan that threatened to bubble up from his chest. Cas' pink, chapped lips were softer than they looked, and Dean parted his lips on a small gasp when he felt the feather-light touch of Cas' tongue. Dean pulled back for a moment and met Cas' eyes, the ocean blue gone dark and deep as his pupils blew wide.
“S’okay, m’not complaining,” he slurred. He felt his arms being freed and rubbed gently, then Cas was running a warm cloth over his chest and stomach, cleaning up from the spunk and sweat. Dean blinked, wondering when Cas had left to get that. A minute later he was being tucked under a warm blanket, Cas’ arms wrapping around him.
Gabe's head fell back in a moan, each movement Sam made an exquisite torment, the buzzing heat at his core coiling into a molten ball, every thrust threatening to tip him over the edge. Wordless pleas fell from his lips, and Sam nuzzled at his throat, one hand tangling in Gabe's sweat-darkened blond hair.
This was written long enough ago that Anna and Anael were still the same person in canon. Just go with it, picture as Anna. 😉
“Not me, and I have no trouble admitting it. I labelled him as bossy the first night!” Dean smirked over at his lover who was giving him a look, one eyebrow raised that sent shivers down his spine. “See what I mean?”
Settling in comfortably, Dean flicked his tongue out and tasted Cas, moaning against his skin. Cas gasped at his touch and squirmed, biting his lip as he stared down the length of his body.
Heat, scalding him even as it stretched him open again in a heartbeat, left Dean open-mouthed and gasping. Cas thrust into him as though he were trying to come out the other side, punching the breath out of his lungs with every meaty smack of his hips against Dean’s ass.
“Looking for an escape?” Cas teased, but Dean could tell that it would be no harm, no foul if he were.
That was, until a car pulled into the parking lot and slowed to honk, cat-calls and whistles drawing Dean's attention away from Cas for a moment.
Cas tugged on the plug lightly, a dark, satisfied look crossing his face as Dean moaned. Dean squirmed as much as he was able, tugging on Cas' hair as the angel bit at his thighs, his neglected cock dripping onto his stomach. He tried to steer Cas where he wanted him, but the angel was immovable. Another twist of the plug against his prostate and Dean felt arousal coursing through him, his toes curling as he approached the finish line. He didn't want to get there without his angel, and swore as Cas tormented him.
"What have we here?" Cas murmured, his already voice husky gone deep even for him. Dean knew that voice, the velvet over gravel whisper that sent shivers down his spine and made his cock drip with precome. The heat of Cas' body blanketed him then, and Dean nudged back against his lover, whining at the hard length suddenly nestled between his cheeks.
"D-Dean," he stuttered, his head thrown back on the pillows, his lip caught again between his teeth. Dean groaned at the sight, revelling in the touch, the scent, and sounds of his lover.
“Alpha, if you don’t get back there and spank me, I’m going to show up and ride that damn bull every night, and then I’m going to dance in clear sight of the bar. I’m going to make a deal with Gabe to let me into the office so I can rub my slick all over your locker if I have to—”
Dean stared at Cas in confusion. “Ellen has been a surrogate mom to me ever since mine died, so I’ve known Jo since she was in diapers. I have never in my life seen her warm up to someone that quickly, especially if she was feeling all Alpha-y because it was me or Sam involved. And what question? I missed that.”
Here we are at the end of our journey! I want to thnk everyone who has helped me, betas listened to me rant and bitch and Tumblr, and to all of my readers. A thousand times, thank you. 💖
Dean's hips bucked at the small pain as he heard the lock click under Cas' other hand. He moaned as Cas slipped a warm hand into his back pocket, pulling him closer and slotting his thigh between Dean's legs. Grinding against the thick runner's thigh, he pulled Cas' head around to find his mouth, kissing him passionately. Cas groaned softly, his hands pulling at Dean and setting his blood boiling.
Dean’s chest was heaving in his distress, drawing Cas’ eyes to the nipple clamps shining in the morning light. Still his hands were behind his back, and he realized Dean had used the second pair of cuffs on himself. Dean rubbed his face against his shoulder to knock the blindfold askew, and his green eyes were wide and distressed, his scent sour with panic.
“Um, that was Dean. Obviously. Your brother is apparently his True Mate. And they think Dean is pregnant.”
“To be fair, we were discussing my desire to keep you and the pups safe when I realised I could change them at will.”
When Cas woke the following morning in a wave of arousal, sun was streaming through the blinds, lighting Dean from behind. All he could see of his Omega was the top of his head as he crouched over Cas, his mouth
“I know this is quick, but… I’m crazy about you. Like, you’re awesome, and I just..” He trailed off, uncertain how to continue.
Whoever it was could hardly be worse, and Dean whirled, wrapping his arms around broad shoulders. He got a vague impression of dark hair and a strong jaw, then he was being kissed senseless, dominated completely. Caught off-guard, Dean melted against the mystery man, his lips parting as a strong hand cupped his jaw just so, tilting his head and plundering his mouth. His breath left him in a surprised moan as strong hands controlled his every move, and by the time Dean's lips were released by the stranger, his knees were weak.
"Technically a quadrilogy," Cas murmured into his coffee, shooting Dean a teasing look from over his mug.
Again and again Cas teased him, never letting it bump his prostate, until that blinding pleasure receded and Dean could breathe again. Then again, and again. Dean squirmed, trying for more contact as Cas went on with his torment.
Cas stared at him for a moment, his cerulean eyes bright with unshed tears, a tremulous smile on his lips. He bent and kissed Dean passionately for a heartbeat, then moved back to toe off his boots. Dean quickly unlaced his own and kicked them loose, then pulled Cas back into his arms where he belonged.
"So sweet for me," he breathed, driving into him just a little harder, a little faster. Cas cried out softly, his cheeks flushing as his eyes rolled back, and Dean did it again, and again, and again, pistoning his hips hard and deep. He blinked the sweat from his eyes, Cas splayed out beneath him like a vision, his blue eyes wide and filled with love and lust. Cas tangled one of his hands in his own hair, the long column of his throat exposed as he cried out in pleasure.
Dean shot him a heated, coy glance from under his lashes, and stretched his arms above his head. Grasping the rails of the headboard, he lifted his hips and pivoted, turning gracefully onto his stomach. Cas growled softly, and watched as a shiver travelled down Dean’s spine, pebbling his freckled skin in a wave. Cas stared down at him for a moment, until Dean started to squirm.
"Dean, I'm sorry. We said we'd share, and I'm sitting here stuffing my face. Have some," Cas offered, pushing the plate a little closer. Dean shook his head, glancing down to his own, a perfect slice of cherry pie. Lyrics floated through his mind, and he ducked his head, hoping to disguise his flushed cheeks with culinary delight.
Gabe scooped his phone from the counter as Sam set him down, keeping their bodies close together. He called his sister, and after four rings, got her voicemail.
“Green, Alpha. So very green,” he breathed, casting a scorching glance over his shoulder. Cas secured his other wrist, and had Dean tug on them. This time Dean responded without prompting, a shuddering breath followed by a whispered, “
Gabe moaned softly, leaking more slick at the orders from his Alpha, and he felt Sam twitch within him. He scooped up the burger again, taking a large bite, and purred as Sam rocked his hips lightly again. They fell into a pattern. Gabe would take a bite, and Sam would rock them together until Gabe was done that mouthful, then he would stop. Sam ate his own food in methodical bites, finishing long before Gabe, but showed no sign of impatience as his Omega slowly worked through the burger and pile of fries. When he finished the last bite, Sam move his palm to Gabe's stomach, and he gave a low, pleased rumble.
“A nosy neighbour assumed Sam and I were together and went on a rant. The lawn had to be done.” He opened the door and slid out of the seat. Before shutting the door, he said, “Be right back. We'll get together with Sammy and Gabe when no one is in heat or rut, so no one goes all Alpha.”
“Ah, ah, ah, keep your mind on the road, Dean. Let’s get home--” he teased his tongue around the head again and bobbed down for a moment, sucking quickly and firmly, “--and I fuck you senseless.”
“Nah, Bobby won't be here at this hour on a Saturday. He owns Singer Salvage about five miles down the road. Tell you what, since we're only grabbing food and leaving, stay here. I’ll run in and get lunch for our brothers, that way we don't get stuck for hours while they interrogate you. They can quiz us both when we get back in ten minutes, after we drop of the grub for Sammy and Gabe.”
Dean dragged his palm down Cas’ side, from his ribs to his hip, then reached past him and opened the door. A waft of leather and polish hit them, along with a touch of lemon from the cleaning products. He met Cas’ lust-blown eyes, and smirked.
“Guess you’re gonna have to make me, Alpha,” Dean challenged, and a low growl escaped Cas, even as his cock throbbed. Gods, but he loved his daring, audacious, pushy Omega.
“Sure do, Samalam. You're taking such good care of me, Alpha,” he purred against Sam’s throat, “so good for me, so strong, my mate!”
“I'm fine,” Dean muttered with a shake of his head. “So is he. I popped my thumb when I twisted his wrist. He's got a minor sprain, but the handsy drunk fucker will probably spend the night waiting to get it x-rayed, thinking it's busted.”
Gabe had his face buried against Sam’s throat, and purred at their combined scent. Sam had gotten his caramel, and he had Sam's cinnamon. He thought they were delicious together.
Dean wailed, his cock throbbing as he came, his hole tightening around his mate’s cock. Still Cas pounded into him. He stroked Dean through the last pulses of his release, groaning against his throat as he thrust, and Dean hit the release on the cuffs, bracing himself with one hand as he reached back with the other to tangle his fingers in Cas’ hair, holding him against his throat.
Dean hesitated, not wanting his family involved. But apparently, Cas had no such compunction, though at least he lowered his voice.
The dark haired man hooked a thumb through Dean's belt loop, pulling him back slightly against his chest.
"Here you go, Mildred, six red roses," Charlie said cheerfully, and Dean scooted back from the counter so she could ring up the customer. Wincing as he stood, he walked around the counter and to Cas' side, where he stood sheepishly, running his fingers through his hair. Cas watched him searchingly, but the moment was gone, and Dean didn't know how, or if he should try to reclaim it.
Dean moaned against the pillow, his body tightening as more slick escaped him. Cas waited another beat, then slapped his hand down on the opposite cheek, gripping it tightly, his own cock throbbing as Dean cried out again.
Jo grumbled, then smiled when they took a booth in her section anyway. Cas dropped a kiss on Dean's forehead as he sat, then excused himself to the washroom.
Cas grinned underneath him, then rolled his hips up and cried out a quiet curse. Dean slowed down, moving his hips in a dirty grind, deliberately seeking out his prostate. Clearly, if Cas could speak, he wasn't doing something right.
Jo considered him for a moment, then gave him a cheeky grin. “Good answer. Now what can I get you lovebirds? I know Dean's having a bacon cheeseburger and fries, but for you?”
Dean gave a cocky grin, exuding confidence he wasn't feeling just then. "We each order a piece, and you can try two flavours. Burgers are amazing but don't write off everything you haven't tasted yet. You may find something you like better."
"You showed me The Princess Bride last week, I know that was a quote," he accused, but his lips were twitching with suppressed laughter.
Within bare minutes, Gabe could feel the low buzz building in his gut. Sam pulled his hand away from his cock and Gabe whimpered, even as his lover reared back to grab his hips and thrust desperately, his knot already swelling, catching and slipping past his rim with every thrust. Suddenly they locked together, and Sam started a filthy grind of his hips, his enormous knot pulsing, rubbing against Gabe's prostate in a continuous way that quickly pushed him over the edge in a shockwave of pleasure that had him coming untouched.
was playing as Sam and Eileen spun and turned in each other's arms, their eyes only for each other. Dean watched proudly as Sam mouthed
Dean jerked his chin at Cas, an order to follow, and fuck if that wasn't hotter than hell. They started to move past when a broad palm landed on Dean's ass, fingers pressing right against his hole through his jeans.
“You aren’t getting a sale out of this, but you’re still helping me?” Cas asked, a small smile playing about his lips, and Dean ducked his head, running a hand over his face in embarrassment.
“Ahh, you’re using me for my in-house laundry and spacious kitchen,” Cas teased him and Dean took a slurp of his coffee to think for a moment, then set it aside.
“No.” He turned to face Cas completely and reached over to run his fingers through his lover’s dark hair. “I said yes because I… I’m in love with you, and I want to wake up with you every morning.”
He decided to have that shower he'd teased Sam about, figuring it might be his only chance before they ate and then his heat would strike again. He didn't particularly want to wash Sam's scent off his skin though, so it was a cursory wash of the essentials, then he was toweling himself dry. He could feel his blood starting a low hum, and knew he had maybe half an hour before his next heat struck. The pleasant ache of being knotted was still sending twinges of pleasure through him. Teasing Sam into two knots in a row when his heat wasn't demanding them might not have been the best idea, but his wolf had been howling for it. And the claiming. He shivered, half in pleasure, and half in fear.
"Nevermind," Dean shook his head and they made their way to the front hall, fumbling with their boots and jackets, then heading out into the cold night. Dean slipped into the driver's seat and reached across to unlock the passenger door, then started up his Baby. Cas shivered across the distance, his breath steaming in the frigid air, and Dean lifted his arm in invitation. A moment later Cas was snuggled against his side.
"Behave, Dean, you can wait til we're at my place." Then he nipped at Dean's earlobe and slid his hand over Dean's thigh. Dean bit back a soft moan and grabbed Cas' hand, twining their fingers to keep them both out of trouble.
Dean's hands tangled in Cas' hair, turning his head slightly to slot their lips together seamlessly. The hand under this shirt skimmed over his hip and up his side, letting the shirts and jacket fall as he cupped Dean's cheek. The tenderness in Cas' touch made Dean's heart ache. As they broke the kiss, both panting for breath, Cas whispered his name again.
"We can talk later," Cas murmured against his ear. "For now be a good boyfriend and grab me a beer?"
“Cassie, he's what, ten hours pregnant at most? He's fine,” Gabe soothed, but allowed himself an eyeroll.
“I'm a younger brother, remember?” Cas smirked, as Ellen and Bobby burst out laughing. “I'm guessing Sam can still pull it on you.”
Dean sobbed a hard-won breath, desperate and aching as Cas massaged his prostate again before withdrawing his fingers, then let out a groan of pure, unadulterated relief as he felt Cas tugging on the laces of his vest. He’d been in it now for something like fourteen hours, and the first deep breath was euphoric. A second later the breath was knocked out of him as Cas pressed into him with a well-lubed cock, the stretch and burn of it, so so sweet. Cas let out a guttural groan, stilling as he bottomed out, then drew back slowly, the click of the lube’s cap sounding as he drizzled more over his cock and pressed in again. Dean whined at the cold touch, at the fullness, feeling as though he was being split deliciously in two by Cas’ scorching hot girth. Finally able to move, he rolled his hips back and took Cas deeper, moaning as Cas twitched deeply inside him, the feeling so immediate and erotic that it took him a moment to understand.
“Dean, that’s cheating,” Cas admonished with a growl, his hand leaving Dean’s hair to slap his ass again—then both hands were on his hips again, and Dean whined, bracing himself with both hands, feeling sweat dripping down his chest and spine, Cas sliding against his back as he wrapped an arm around him, his knot starting to catch again Dean’s rim. He grunted as he thrust, and Dean cried out, clutching at his Alpha’s arm where it pinned him against his chest. Dean grabbed onto Cas’ hand, dragging it to his lips, swirling his tongue over his fingertips, licking away the last of his own come and sucking his Alpha’s fingers into his mouth. Cas gave a choked cry, and Dean felt him shove his knot into him, then Dean was coming again at the thrust against his prostate. Cas followed him a few seconds later, breathing his name against the nape of his neck, then grabbing his chin and turning his head to bring their lips together in a messy, desperate kiss, made of sliding tongues and gasped breaths.
Dean smirked at him from inches away, his verdant eyes lit with smug mischief. “Who do you think booked me on the bull? Crazy coincidence that he interrupted just before things got too hot and heavy in the office, and yet with time to let me ride on schedule, huh?”
Sam caught him just as he crossed the doorway. He scooped Gabe up around the waist and deposited him in the middle of the bed on his hands and knees, and without warning, drove into him hard. Gabe was reduced to desperate mewls, and instinctively dropped down onto his forearms, until his face was pressed to the mattress, their combined scents filling his senses as Sam pounded into him. When one large hand wrapped around his cock, Gabe nearly collapsed.
"Can't wait to get home with you, Dean," he murmured in a low, husky voice. Dean tensed a little, glancing around to see if anyone was paying attention. If anything, they were being studiously ignored… "Because I really want to suck your--"
Cas stared at him a moment, then gave him a slow, sad smile. Shaking his head, his smile turned more natural, and he cocked his head to one side.
Please, note the new tags. We have shifting, we do NOT have bestiality, nor will we. Both partners as human, or both as wolves, never one of each.
Cas breathed reverently. He trailed a gentle finger over the lace carefully, then lifted his face to stare up at Dean. Dean's breath caught in his throat at the pure lust on Cas' face, then suddenly he found himself on his back, barely having seen Cas move. His jeans were stripped down his legs and shoved aside in a heartbeat, and Cas stooped to settle between Dean's legs, his blue eyes blazing hungrily, as he stared up Dean's body.
Dean glanced up at him and found those blue eyes trained on him, wild and desperate. A slow, cocky smile pulled at Dean's lips, and without a word, he wrapped his lips around the head of Cas' cock, staring up at him through his lashes.
Sam bent to whisper in his mate's ear, an endless litany of praise and demands. “Come for me, my Omega, my mate. Want to feel you milking me, take what you need, baby, take my knot, that's it, you feel so incredible, take me so well, Gabe. Like I was made just for you, to bring you pleasure, to fill you. All for you. Oh gods, Gabe!”
"Damnit Cas, I need to come, fuck me harder, you feathery bastard!" Dean growled, only to have Cas shove two fingers into his mouth, nearly gagging him. Dean sucked on his fingers, tonguing them enthusiastically until Cas withdrew them, panting hard against his ear as his hand wrapped around the front Dean's throat.
“He didn't tell you? He knew we were coming back and he left it to me to tell? Sonofabitch… Um, he called this morning. He met his True Mate last night, too.” He held up his hands against the onslaught of questions, the shouting bringing Jo over to see what the commotion was about. “Cas’ older brother Gabriel is Sam's True Mate. Tripped a heat for Gabe, but apparently he's on a better brand of birth control that I am.”
“Lose a boot,” he ordered, and Dean quickly undid the laces of one and kicked it free. With that done, Cas hauled his jeans down and off that leg, then bodily dragged his wayward Omega down onto his back on the bench. He hooked one leg over his hip and pulled the panties just far enough to expose his hole and his balls, leaving his cock in it’s lovely pink wrapping. Freeing his own cock, he lined up and thrust forward, breaching Dean’s rim and sinking deep into him, and Dean screamed his name, clutching at his shoulders as he canted his hips and took Cas deeper. Cas felt the sting of Dean’s blunt nails raking down his back, and snarled, tightening his grip on Dean’s thigh and hip, driving into him with all his Alpha strength. He could feel Baby rocking underneath them, and was suddenly glad she was a classic, and didn’t have a security system. He pounded into his mate, the sounds leaving his lips barely more than growls and grunts, his knot already swelling as it had been in the office---it had nearly popped while watching his Omega flaunt himself on the mechanical bull. He rammed his hips forward, and his knot locked into place. He came so hard his vision went black for a moment, and he rocked into his mate’s willing body, his fangs sinking into his scent gland.
For all his speed in pinning Dean, Cas bent slowly to lay a tender kiss against his straining length, the stubble around his lips catching as he deliberately brushed them back and forth. Dean groaned.
"C'mon, Vic, you know I don't wreck my toys." What followed was a learning experience for Dean and he was only on the sidelines. He felt his eyebrows fly up and watched as Kevin stumbled over Sam's outstretched legs and back to his spot.
Dean threw his head back in laughter, and arm in arm, they walked back to the kitchen. Cas broke away from him for only a moment as they passed the living room, stopping to put a record on before returning to Dean’s side. Dean grinned as an AC/DC guitar riff poured out of the speakers, and when the vocals started, he was singing along, using a serving spoon as a mic.
He rolled his hips slowly, feeling Cas shudder beneath him and gave a soft laugh. "Feel good, Baby?"
“Going to what? Tell Roman he was caught on camera sexually harassing an Omega who had made it clear his attentions were unwelcome? In front of an owner of the bar? That he started spouting homophobic language in front of said flamingly gay owner?
Cas groaned, fighting the instinct to mark his lover. If he tasted him that way now, he would lose control and pop his knot. And that wasn't happening until he was inside his mate again. Instead, he licked a stripe from Dean's collarbone, up his neck, to the sensitive spot just behind his ear. Dean whined again, but stayed still underneath him, pliant and submissive. Cas’ inner Alpha was urging him to take his mate, but Cas wanted his answer.
“Her name is Anael, but she goes by Anna. And James, you're right there. Our mother liked to say he was named for an apostle, as well as the king who commissioned her favoured bible, the King James edition. I had the best day when I told her he did that to placate the church so they'd ignore his incredibly public gay love affair.”
“Come on, don't be like that, little ‘Mega. I can smell your slick, but no way he's going to satisfy you. How about you come out back with me so you can see what a real Alpha's knot looks like?”
“Jo?” he said softly, his voice rough. He cleared his throat and tried again. “Can we get the bill and a coupla to-go boxes?”
Stumbling back, he tripped over the threshold and fell to the floor, wincing as Cas' hold on him brought him down as well. They lay there in a tangle, staring up at the smirking face of Cas' older brother, Gabriel.
“I, ah…” Cas scrubbed at his hair, making it stand on end adorably, then continued. “I emptied half my closet.”
“Thanks Gabe…” came the resigned call from behind him, and he chuckled as he glanced back to see his Alpha scrubbing his hand over his face. “Yeah, Ellen, I'm here. No, we can't visit today. Yeah, sure. Oh, he wants a slice of your pecan pie, please. Dean'll be by in thirty or so, you should ask him about his news. And he can fill you in about mine.”
Reaching between them, he grasped Cas' cock and began stroking it in time with his thrusts, twisting his hand and palming over the head before slicking the dripping precome back down the shaft. Only a few more strokes, and suddenly Cas seized, his nails digging into Dean's back and leaving stinging marks, his voice breaking on a sob as he came, thick stripes of come painting Dean's chest as well as his own. As he went limp, Dean slowed, knowing his lover would be sensitive.
"Like what you see, angel?" Dean asked, watching as Cas' cock dripped more precome onto his stomach. He smirked.
As he was contemplating, Pam took the first spin, which landed on Kevin. The kid blushed furiously, and Victor, Pam's boyfriend, scowled, then broke into a large grin.
he demanded, fumbling for the lube and slicking Cas' cock with far more than they needed. Pushing Cas onto his back, Dean crawled over his lover to straddle him. Cas grinned up at him, that wide, gummy smile of happiness. His hand still wet, Dean drove two fingers into himself with a cry and twisted them around. Slipping them free, he grabbed Cas' cock and held it steady, then lined up. The first touch of Cas' cock against his hole made his eyes roll back in blissful anticipation. Then the stretch, the slow aching burn as Cas slowly, agonizingly pulled him down. Finally, his ass rested on Cas' thighs, his cock filling him to bursting, and he panted for breath.
Cas released her with a sly wink as she murmured something to him, and Dean watched with a sour feeling in his stomach as Cas threw his head back and laughed. The joyful, gummy smile on Cas' lips was a familiar look, but one he usually saw directed at himself. Shaking his head, he tried to swallow the uneasy knot in his throat.
Trembling with arousal, Dean pulled Cas over him and thrust up against him, pulling a groan from their lips. Cas pulled back to kneel over him and undid his belt, pulling it from the loops slowly. He dropped it to the floor with a clatter, then reached for Dean's.
Thanks muchly to Banshee for beta-ing for me and her encouragement as I poke this chapter into some semblance of cohesion!
. Cas removed his fingers and Dean whined, his hole clenching on nothing as he leaked slick in a flood.
Charlie gave him a measuring look, then changed the subject to LARP that weekend. It was the last of the season, and Charlie was determined to uphold her rule as Queen of Moondoor. As her handmaiden, Royal guard, and confidant, Dean would be by her side.
“I’m sorry if you were disappointed I didn’t wake you, Omega-mine. You were exhausted when you left the bar, Dean, and you were so soundly asleep when I got home, I felt it was better off letting you sleep.” A faint recollection of their conversation in the middle of the night came to him, like a dream of a memory, and he sighed. “I think I do remember us talking, but I must have seemed more coherent than I was. Baby, I’m sorry to have given you a scare like that.”
“Cas,” he whispered. “I’m s-so sorry. Forgive me, Alpha?” Dean bared his throat to his mate, shivering slightly. Cas eyed him for a moment, sniffing at his throat, then sneezed. He tried to tell Dean there was nothing to forgive, but Dean wouldn’t look at him. Fine, different measures. He licked a wet stripe from Dean’s collarbone to the corner of his jaw, then rolled onto his back like a dog demanding belly rubs. When Dean’s eyes flew to his in shock, Cas deliberately lolled out his tongue in a wolfish grin, an invitation to play.
Dean started to admonish Sam to be careful but Cas dragged him from the room and up the stairs. Dean stumbled up the stairs behind his boyfriend, his heart beginning to pound with what was coming. He giggled at the phrasing his mind produced, and Cas looked over his shoulder curiously.
“No more than twenty minutes. You do still have to go to work today,” Cas pointed out, somewhat heartlessly, Dean thought.
“Always happy to help, duderino,” Ash told him with a quick two-fingered salute at his temple. “And douchebags always deserve what's coming to them.” Ash glanced at his watch, and gave a sniff, then a nod. “Break time's over, back to the grind. See ya later, compadres.”
Cas needed no further encouragement. He pulled the satin and lace panties down Dean's legs, nearly overwhelmed by the scent of his Omega's slick. Cas didn't hesitate; he dove between Dean's legs, lapping and sucking at his hole, drinking in the slick the poured from him as he cried out at the feeling of his Alpha's tongue against him, inside him.
Sam laughed and shook his head, his floppy hair falling into his eyes. "Pass, I've seen my brother's game, and it's not my thing."
"Dean, you feel incredible," Cas murmured, linking their fingers and pulling him down for a slow, gentle kiss. They spent several long minutes exploring each other's mouths, tasting, teasing, enticing, and inviting. Cas' hands slid up Dean's spine and tangled in the short hair at the nape of his neck. He tugged softly and Dean moaned, his hips bucking a little faster, a little harder. He slid one hand down Cas' side to his hip, squeezing gently, then Cas was hooking his leg up and around Dean's waist.
"Love them. Leave them on?" Cas murmured, then rolled them again, pulling Dean over him and hooking an ankle behind Dean's knee. His hand swept down Dean's chest and over his stomach, then stopped to tease at the waist of those pink panties. Dean gave a nod, his voice strangled by discovering this side of Cas, and then Cas' clever fingers pushed the satin down to catch under his balls.
He stood carefully and leaned over the bar, pulling Cas in for a thorough kiss. “See you at home, Alpha,” he murmured, tossing a grin at the group of women glaring at him from down the length of the bar. They were the same ones who had been trying to flirt with Cas when Dean had come out of the office. Dean glanced over his shoulder and found Cas watching him with hungry eyes, his fresh mating bite on full display. Dean reached up and traced his own, and watched as Cas’ eyes darkened.
Dean's eyes fluttered closed and he sighed in contentment, until a shout from another part of the house shattered the moment.
"Cas, easy… you wanna go like this? We can take our time later. You need it, don't you, angel?" he murmured, nuzzling at Cas' jaw and kissing his way down to his lips.
“When we decide it's time, if we decide to, you are gonna fill me with so many pups, aren't you Samsquatch?” Gabe purred. “But for now, I wanna be filled with burgers. What's the name of this place?”
"Game time!" Charlie shouted, making Dean jump and nearly fumble his beer, and he took another swig, glancing over and seeing Cassie had joined the group of girls. That addition made him nervous; he and Cassie had been hot and heavy for over a year, but eventually she'd broken up with him with a sad smile, telling him he needed to follow his heart.
"Mmm, fuck, yeah, let's go home," Dean murmured with a sigh, his eyes closing as his head rolled back. The sudden stillness in the car caught his attention and he opened his eyes to find Cas staring at him, his blue eyes wide and his jaw dropped open in a surprised expression.
"Can we pick this back up later?" Cas asked. Dean felt the happiness bubbling up in his chest and let out a soft chuckle.
"Oh, I am going to break you," he growled, cupping Dean's jaw in one large, strong hand and forcing his mouth open. Dean all but purred as he was man-handled, then the stranger was fucking his mouth, his heavy cock hitting the back of Dean's throat with every thrust, until Dean was drooling and gagging and loving every moment. His eyes were watering, he knew, and he stared up at his rescuer through a sheen of tears as Blue-Eyes ravaged his mouth. The man’s chest was heaving under the hold of the corset vest, his free hand holding onto the top of the stall door for support. Dean's hands slid back to his ass and pulled him deeper, until the head of his cock was pushing down his throat.
Castiel snarled at the man, his eyes blazing red, and had him up on his toes by his shirt collar in a split second. The rancid stench of fear mixed unpleasantly with the burnt tar of anger oozing from the pasty-faced Alpha.
Gabe melted against his lover, kissing him sweetly, the fire of his heat no longer a burning pain, but the warmth of a fireplace, welcoming and bringing the scent of home. Gabe shifted over Sam, and slowly, achingly slowly, took Sam into himself. They breathed into each other a moment, each kiss an affirmation, their bodies barely moving. Gabe drew back slightly, staring at Sam with whiskey eyes blown nearly black with lust, but with adoration shining through clearly. He rolled his hips slightly, letting that slow rocking motion move them both, before twisting in a slow figure eight with each pass, feeling Sam's cock filling him completely, brushing against every inch in exquisite friction. Sam watched him intently, his powerful hands resting lightly on Gabe's hips, both of them knowing he could take over at any moment, overpowering the Omega riding him to take control. He kept his hands relaxed, but the flash of Alpha red in his eyes made Gabe smirk.
Cas’ gaze flew to his, his blue eyes wide and startled, and his mouth dropped open briefly in a moue of surprise. His cheeks flushed adorably pink, and he licked his chapped lips nervously. A sudden waft of chocolate reached Dean, and he swallowed harshly, reminded fiercely of the scent that might have triggered his rut. It was missing only the honey, and he shook his head distractedly.
Dean turned and captured his lips urgently, thrusting his tongue past parted lips and devouring Cas' words.
Finally, after the bouquet was tossed and the garter flung, resulting in a highly provocative tease by Pam and Victor as he removed the garter from her thigh with his teeth, Gabriel announced it was time for the happy couple to get their asses in gear if they wanted to make their flight. Dean shuddered, knowing there was no way he'd ever see Hawaii, a flight that long might give him a heart attack.
“So, Sam sounded almost panicked when he ordered food earlier, but he said everything was okay. He said to ask you. What is up with that brother of yours?” Ellen asked and Dean choked.
That seemed to be the reaction Cas wanted, because he growled approvingly and did it again, and again, until he was tonguing at Dean’s hole enthusiastically, drilling it into his body and sucking at his tender skin. Dean mewled, barely able to squirm in the tightly bound vest, but giving it his all as Cas tormented him. Finally, at some unknown signal, Cas straightened from his body, licking his lips and then swallowing down his own fingers, tonguing between them lewdly as Dean looked over his shoulder, leaving two of them dripping. Drawing those fingertips over Dean’s exposed cheek and down his cleft, he soaked them again and traced feather-light over Dean’s hole, making him squirm and sigh and then moan as first one fingertip then a second breached him. Cas curved his fingers expertly, finding his sweet spot in no time and rubbing over it with the pads of his fingers until Dean was crying out, shaking and fisting his hands in the pillow under his head.
Dean froze, his body going tense and his eyes popping open. "Um, Cas?" Dean glanced around the room, finding it empty save for the two of them. He reached behind his head and grabbed the bottle and moved it away.
Dean lined up as Cas was threatening him and, without a word, slowly pressed into his lover's body. He paused, breathing heavily. Nothing had felt like this before.
"Must you be so crass?" Castiel demanded, his face stern and unyielding. Dean figured it was time to up his game. Undoing his belt with one hand, he stroked over the bulge of his cock with the other, moaning wantonly.
"Cas, Cas…" he panted. "So tight, so hot…" As he sank deeper into Cas' trembling body, he checked in with his lover. "Is this okay?"
Cas opened Dean’s door and all but shoved him through, climbing out of Baby behind him and walking him back to the door to the house. Pinning him there, Cas swiftly unlocked the door and pushed Dean through.
"Come inside with me?" Cas leaned in and kissed him slowly, and Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' shoulders, his lips parting on a soft groan.
Please mind the tags, revisiting Alex's trauma slightly here, so mention of rape of a minor. As always, take care of yourselves.
A low whine escaped Cas and his hands clutched Dean closer, edging under his t-shirt and grasping at his hips. Dean heard the unspoken plea for more and sealed his lips around the taut bud, then sucked softly.
“Yeah, yeah. I'm just an idiot for thinking I could get in and out without Ellen or Jo noticing the bite, or that my scent has changed.”
Despite Dean's comment about drawing it out, he found he couldn't wait. He crawled up to kiss Cas desperately, and Cas returned his fervour with a passion that matched his own. Even as they kissed, Cas was squirming against him and gasped as he rolled his hips to meet Dean's. The drag against Dean's jeans was driving Dean crazy, and he pulled back to kneel over Cas.
"Oh really?" he asked, his tone amused. He swiveled towards Dean, planting one foot on the rung of the stool behind Dean, through the middle of his legs. The position gave Dean a delectable view of his strong, muscular legs, straining the denim over his thighs and allowed him to feel the heat of his body. The man leaned forward, dropping his voice, and Dean unconsciously leaned closer to listen. "It'd take me a lot more than eight seconds, but I bet I could get you off."
“You were just shitting with Charlie about Monopoly, right? Tell me you've played console games,” Dean asked as  they stepped back and shut the front door.
Heading to his room, Dean kicked off his boots and slipped out of his flannel, leaving him in worn, faded jeans with a hole in one knee and a black t-shirt that hugged his chest and arms. He set the two beers on his bedside table and collapsed on his bed, his eyes sliding shut as a pleasant shudder wracked his frame. Dean squirmed again, just to feel the nudge of the plug he'd slipped into his hole an hour earlier, his hands already wandering as he sent out a focused prayer. "Hey, angel-face, Sam's gone. Get that fine, feathery ass down here so I can--"
Cas called out, his hands clutching at Dean desperately, slipping from his shoulders and down his back, his nails biting. Dean felt that tingling growing in his core and knew he didn't have long before he came. He wanted his angel to get there first.
Thank you so much to my patient readers, I'm so sorry this was late, it won't happen again barring an emergency.
Sam looked up then, and Gabe gave him a teasing wink, then deliberately tossed his head and ran for the stairs. A terrifying
“Just a black coffee for me, please Jo?” he asked, meeting her gaze steadily. She nodded and he gave her a smile. “Thanks!”
“Please, Alpha,” Dean replied instantly. “Please paddle my ass, make it red and aching, then please, fuck me, Alpha
At first he thought they were headed to the lake again, but instead, Cas chased him to a creek leading away. They followed it, teasing each other with puppyish energy, until they reached an ancient willow, its boughs heavy over the water. It had shaded the ground underneath enough that little grew below it, just grass and moss.
Cas raised a superior eyebrow, and Dean found himself shifting in his seat. Hopefully, Cas would take his squirming for discomfort at the lie, rather than the reality of a burgeoning issue in his jeans. "According to Sam, there's a fourth movie, the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull."
“Holy shit… keep talking like that, you're gonna make me cream my panties, Cas.” Dean sent the other man a flirtatious grin, seeing how his eyes widened, a tiny sliver of red appearing for a moment at the nickname. Or maybe it was the comment about panties. “Shit, sorry. Castiel is a bit of a mouthful.”
Daphne wasn't right for Cas, Dean knew. Not that there was anything wrong with her, he mused as he took a swig from his beer. Distracted, he missed the whispers from Charlie and Lisa. If he'd been paying attention, he might have noticed the hungry look in Lisa's eyes, or the mischievous, assessing one in Charlie's.
” he cried out. He would have collapsed if Sam hadn't wrapped his arms around him, pulling him upright to rest back against his chest, even as Sam throbbed and continued to fill him. “Claim me! Want your mark!”
"Fuck patience," Dean grumbled, his body trembling. He reached for his cock, only to find his hands suddenly shackled to the headboard by Cas' grace. "Damnit, Cas!"
“Want you inside me all the time. Feels so good, so full.” Gabe whispered against his neck, before pulling back with a teasing grin. “Might make going to work difficult though.”
A warmth spread in his chest as he met Cas' blue eyes. Cas understood. He got it. Cas loved him too! Pulling him in, Dean kissed him slowly, putting everything he felt for his angel into that kiss, and Cas whimpered softly. Chasing the low sound, Dean's arms tugged Cas closer, moulding their bodies together.
Under Dean's gentle prompting and care, the story of Cas' childhood comes out. The mates fall asleep in each other's arms.
Dean slowly thrust into Cas again, watching for any sign of discomfort in his expression. They'd hurt each so many times over the years, with fists and words, actions and lies.
The drive back to the bunker was interminable, the heat between them boiling at a fever-pitch, Cas' hand tracing figures on the back of Dean's neck that raised goosebumps as he drove.
Cas' lips meanwhile, were trailing along Dean's jaw and working their way to his earlobe. "Mmmm?" he replied with a soft, distracted noise.
“Challenge me, will you, Omega-mine? This is your idea of being good?” Cas’ voice was lightly mocking, even as his fingers slid into Dean’s panties and down the cleft of his ass, soaked instantly by his mate’s arousal. He crooked his fingers and pressed two against Dean’s hole, sliding them into his Omega’s tightly clenching body even as Dean whimpered and tried to thrust back onto his hand. He pulled his hand away and hauled down his jeans, exposing the delicate pink panties with the tiny bows and lace decorating the front. Dean’s cock was twitching and leaking against the fabric, and Cas smirked as he ran a single finger down the length.
Dean gives into his instincts and leads Cas on a chase, resulting in a surprising turn of events. Returning to the house they find Balthazar and Jimmy are visiting.
They settled carefully onto the bed, and Dean purred softly under his Alpha’s weight. “We should stay here, take a vacation day,” he mumbled softly, pulling a low chuckle from Cas.
“Patience, Omega-mine. Now, I want you on you on your stomach, arms above your head. Make sure you’re comfortable, Dean, because once I’ve punished you—” As Cas spoke Dean whined, low in his throat, trembling “—yes, I know, that’s what you want—for teasing me at work, riling me up, taunting me, flaunting yourself, once I’ve got your beautiful ass red and aching, I’m going to use my tongue to open you up, and then I’m going to make sure you know how very much I want you.”
anything comes down from Roman about Adler, I'll point out the laws protecting True Mates from being charged if they injure someone while protecting their mate, within twenty-four hours of finding their mate.”
Despite the prep earlier and his mate's tongue lapping over him since they shifted, the Omega felt impossibly tight as his Alpha slid into him. The Alpha's knot swelled almost instantly, locking them together, and his Alpha thrust into him in quick, hard movements. Soon the Omega was whining as his release approached, his claws flexing and digging at the earth as he fought to keep from being pushed forward. His mate curled further over him, and suddenly the Omega was howling, his release spilling onto the ground. There was a flash of pain as his mate bit down on his scent gland, but it was quickly swept away in a euphoric wave. His Alpha stretched his neck forward, and gave him access to his scent gland in return. The Omega waited as his Alpha continued to thrust, until he felt that hesitation, followed by a rumbling growl and the snap of his hips flying forward. His Alpha came with a glorious howl, his cock swelling and spurting into him, and the Omega --
When he returned a few minutes later, a slender man with a dirty blond mullet was leaning against their booth, chatting with Dean. Cas could smell that the man was a Beta and he stood far enough from Dean not to trip his protective instincts. Jo hadn't been a problem, both as a woman and as his sister, even though her Alpha scent had wafted over them angrily at first. Cas knew all about protective Alpha instincts.
"Spit's alright for a little while, but I'm planning on taking my time with you." And he pressed two fingers slowly into Cas' body again. Twisting them and thrusting them in and out, he made sure to reapply lube often, and soon, his fingers were gliding in and out of Cas' hole with ease. Cas was panting and moaning above him, pleading for more,
Dean's moan was loud and sudden as he fisted his hand in Cas' hair. "Oh, Jesus, fuck! Cas!" he growled, his hips bucking slightly as Cas’ lips sealed around the head of his cock, Baby swerving underneath them as Dean fought to keep control. Cas popped off his dick with an admonishing chuckle.
It felt like hours that Cas tortured him, taking him to the edge and leaving him hanging there as he kissed over his thighs and caressed his skin. Eventually Cas crawled up his body, kissing his way up Dean's torso even as he whimpered at having the pleasure of Cas' mouth and tongue taken away.
Cas was grateful for the loan of a truck from Bobby as he drove home that night, saving him time and the expense of an Uber. When he got home, Dean’s car wasn’t in the driveway, and he frowned for a moment, then eyed the garage. He hadn’t remembered to give Dean the code, but that wouldn’t have stopped him from going in through the house to open it. The moment he entered their home, he could scent Dean. Not just that it was their home, but his presence. The light in their bedroom had been off when he pulled into the driveway though, and rather than disturb his mate, he ran down to the basement to have a shower in the second ensuite bathroom. He did love his job, loved the banter and energy of the bar. He didn’t love getting home reeking of spilled beer and liquor. Especially with Dean pregnant, he wanted to wash away the stink, and the blockers they’d used after their fierce lovemaking in the Impala. Just thinking about it threatened to draw his fangs down, and he shook his head. He’d teased, or rather, promised his Omega that he’d be punished, but whether Dean knew it or not, he’d seen the exhaustion in his eyes by the time he left the bar. Especially given their intense encounter in the back of the Impala, maybe the best punishment for tonight would be seeing all the toys, but not being woken. If Dean had remembered to look.
Cas drew back a little. He searched his Omega’s eyes, but simply found a certain shy eagerness, and a heat that had Cas’ blood heading south in a rush.
“Don't want you to leave, Alpha. Not my space, it's yours. Need you here. I'll call my sister Anna, she can deliver. I just need my phone...” He glanced about, and of course their phones were on the counter in the kitchen. He met Sam's eyes, and smirked, cocking his head in challenge.
"Only hurt my pride." Stepping into Cas' space, he grabbed the lapels of his trench and pulled him close. "Wanna kiss it better for me?"
Sam groaned against his throat, finding his scent gland with his eyes closed, and clamped his fangs into his mate with a snarl. Gabe moaned, his body wracked by another orgasm, pinpricks of pain on his torso and hip where Sam held him. As Sam drew back and lapped over the bite, Gabe grabbed his forearm and turned to his mate's neck, claiming him in return. Their bond snapped into place, and Gabe’s wolf howled within him. His fingers tingled oddly, and he sagged back against Sam's chest. Sam cradled him for several minutes as they caught their breath.
Tempting that wrath, Dean let out a low, provocative moan as he tweaked a nipple with one hand, his back arching and a shiver travelling down his spine. His body clenched around the plug and he whined, low in his throat.
"Woah, wait a sec," Dean muttered as Sam dropped to sit in the circle across from him. "I'm not kissing my brother."
He locked up the garage and double checked the front door, which was just as well, as he’d left it open. They were pretty secluded, with the closest neighbour more than a mile down the highway, plus the long driveway adding to it further, but still. He knew his Alpha would not be happy if he left the door unlocked and himself and their pups at risk, no matter how slight.
“It's gonna be like this around you two idjits all the time, isn't it? Well, welcome to the family, Cas. ‘Bout time someone put a leash on this one.”
Cas didn't respond with words, but he grasped Dean's hips and lined up, teasing his hole with the blunt head of his cock until Dean was whining and pressing back hungrily.
Cas nuzzled at Dean's cock slowly, gently, pulling a soft whine from his throat. Dean stared down at his boyfriend in heady anticipation, then felt his eyes flutter shut as Cas captured the head of his already aching cock with his lips, the satin sliding over his sensitive skin.
Dean burst out laughing, but caressed a callused hand down Cas' cheek. “She's the old wounds you mentioned, isn't she? Your mom, I mean, not your sister.”
"Oh, God, Cas!" Dean breathed. One of his hands was fisted in his own hair, tugging slightly to counter the pleasure with a faint edge of pain. His other hand trailed down his chest to tangle in Cas' hair, petting him as he worshipped Dean's cock with his mouth.
Cas snickered at the indignation on Dean's face and stood to shake Bobby's hand. “Good to see you again, Bobby. How're the repairs coming?” Cas asked with a grin.
"Sometimes. When I'm here and I’m feeling generous." He winked one blue eye at Dean, who smirked as he leaned against the bar. The man ran his hand over his day old scruff, glancing up and down Dean's body. It ignited a different warmth than the alcohol.
"A little slap and tickle is one thing, babe, but going in dry just hurts. Lube, as in lubrication."
A sudden cough caught their attention and the pair froze. They glanced out Cas’ window to see a grizzled older Alpha in a stained ball cap, standing with his arms crossed, his weary eyes showing clear amusement.
He crawled back into bed, and with his mate’s scent surrounding him, he fell asleep, dreaming of Cas holding him, stroking a gentle hand over his swollen stomach. The quiet rumble of his purr filled the room.
"Dean, harder, I won't break," he murmured, and Dean shuddered to hear those words, his mind supplying another, more intimate, scenario in graphic detail.
“I’m a little tied up, Alpha-mine. Wait… do you remember talking about this when you came home? I woke up and you were here, and— Oh gods, Cas…” Dean was suddenly scrambling to the side, and barely caught himself before he fell off the bed. “I’m so sorry, you don’t remember, that means I…”
"Fuck, I want you to fuck me," Dean groaned as they parted, and Blue-Eyes growled, kissing his way down Dean's throat and nipping at the skin over his pulse.
“Problem, Alpha? Don't like me on top, controlling the pace? Want to flip me onto my back and show me who's in charge?”
A lazy Monday morning, and the wolves try to make an appearance at an inopportune time. Gabriel and Sam stop by, shenanigans ensue.
"You want to go haggle with a witch over prices? Rowena would eat you alive," Sam scoffed, and Dean couldn't swallow his amused laughter this time.
“Why are you calling, Gabriel?” Cas sighed, moving away from the bed slightly, hoping to let Dean sleep.
They had racked their brains, but the only useful suggestion either had, was Gabe's thought to talk to his dad after his heat was over. His books were full of old legends. Sam nearly had a fit when he realised Gabe's dad was Chuck Shurley, to Gabe's great amusement.
Dean felt that zing of pain again, but it happened so quickly it barely registered. As he stood, he unconsciously stroked his hand over his stomach, and then he froze.
Dean rolled his eyes and squirmed around onto his back to meet his lover's eyes. Cas was watching him with his head tilted like the world's most adorable kitten, and Dean grinned.
"Oh, I want to," Cas muttered hoarsely, nipping at the cheek of Dean's ass with a sharp bite. Dean jumped, letting out a muffled cry, and Cas crawled up over him, pressing against Dean's ass with one leg, the rough denim teasing and tormenting him. Dean ground down against Cas' knee even as Cas reached into the drawer with one hand and pulled out the lube in a moment. "How're we doing this?"
“Gabriel. Eat, Omega,” Sam growled, and Gabe's wolf rolled onto its back and whined, presenting its stomach.
He parked Baby and headed for the front door, unlocking it with his key, which made him grin again. He jogged across the living area and through the door in the kitchen that led to the garage from inside. He pulled Baby in carefully and hit the button, grateful for the double garage so both he and Cas would be able to park, if Cas’ pimpmobile ever made it out of the garage. Seemed to be just one thing after another with that car.
“What an ass. Know what an Alpha can do that an Omega can’t? Have their eyes flash red. Meanwhile, Omegas can carry children. That right there is about the hardest fucking thing a person can do. That line about Alphas being tougher is just outdated bullshit.”
He kicked off his boots into the closet and headed for the bedroom, dropping his duffel on the floor on his side of the bed and stripping out of his clothes.
Gabe blinked carefully, everything still tinged with heat-lust as he looked over his Alpha. Sam's chiseled torso was gleaming with sweat, and with Gabe's come from more orgasms than he could count. His wolf was sated for the moment, but he knew it would be after him soon. Sam had knotted him four times through the night, and they'd slept in between, after Sam had fetched them water and snacks, keeping their energy up.
Cas and Jimmy have a revealing conversation, Balthazar is out of contact, and then Cas heads to the Roadhouse for dinner with Dean. While waiting for his Omega, an ex-boyfriend shows up and tries to rekindle things, only to be firmly rejected by Cas, and then mocked and dismissed by Dean.
to his new bride, tears welling unbidden. Feeling the weight of someone's eyes on him, he glanced around and found Cas watching him with luminous blue eyes.
“So, is this place always this busy?” Dean asked hoarsely, carefully avoiding the tired come-here-often line. “Do you know how long it's been open?”
Dean curled towards Cas, nuzzling against his throat and down to his clavicle, kissing and nipping gently, running his hands up and down Cas’ chest. “Cas…”
Dean cuddled against his side a little awkwardly, but he fidgeted for a minute and then was reaching up to release Cas’ hands as well. He snapped them back on himself in front of Cas, and showed him the release mechanism, then dropped the leather cuffs off the bed with a thunk. He cuddled against Cas’ side again, then winced, drawing back as he glanced down. Flushing slightly, he removed the nipple clamps and tossed them aside as well.
Gilda joined them, then Pam, and Dean eyed them curiously for a minute before shrugging to himself. His eyes drifted back to Cas as a matter of course, and he saw that Kevin had joined the group. April hovered near Daphne, and Dean watched her with narrowed eyes. He didn't trust her, though Cas had no complaints.
Many thanks to my beta, Dani, as always. 😁  I don't know what she'd do if I stopped with the extraneous commas. Probably wonder what was wrong with me. 😘
Cas’ throaty chuckle went straight down his spine as he nibbled on Dean's earlobe, and murmured for him to continue, though he was somewhat more breathless than before.
Gabe ground against him, watching in smug satisfaction as Sam’s eyes rolled back and he moaned, his cock pulsing again.
"Use your tongue," the guy said with a dirty wink and Dean groaned, falling to his knees and worshipping the man's cock with his mouth until it was fully hard. He stared up at the stranger, then deliberately took one of his hands and put it on the back of his head. Popping off for a moment, he gave a husky laugh.
Gabe hung up with a grumble. “Damnit. She's in rut. Balth and Jimmy are manning the bar for Castiel and I. Wait. They said their rut and heat ended. So, they might be available. Cassie'll do it for me.”
They stumbled into Dean's bedroom, their hands still roaming, when Cas' long fingers started on Dean's belt. Dean froze, and Cas stopped immediately.
He cocked his hips higher, and sinking down on his chest to present for his mate, he turned his head so Cas could see his face if he was looking. He clenched around emptiness again, even as he let out a moan and bit his lip.
“I can go get the burgers in a little bit, just as soon as my knot goes down,” Sam told him, nuzzling at his neck, then pulling back as Gabe let out a small whine.
“Cas,” Dean said cautiously, not really trusting Charlie when she was like this, “what is she talking about?”
"Fuck, Cas." He drew out the plug gently, his cock twitching at the deep moan Cas let out as it slipped from his body. Dean shifted to kneel between his legs and stroked his cock once or twice, coating it with lube then wiping his hand on the sheets. Laundry was definitely happening later.
Not this time. It swept forward like a tsunami, wiping away his humanity, leaving only instinct. He flung his Alpha away and bolted for the door, running through the house and then out into the woods for the second night in a row. This time, his Alpha was hot on his heels, herding him, chasing and leading him where he wanted him to go with snarled commands. Dean knew Cas was as far gone as he was, but he felt no fear, only exultation. This is how they were meant to be, Alpha and Omega, and this was their time.
"Dean Winchester, you're clueless. Fast or slow, I'm gonna make love to you, because I'm in love with you, you ass."
Dean shuddered, his wolf whining and presenting to his Alpha. Dean was pinned, he couldn't follow suit, but he bared his throat and stilled under the dominant Alpha.
Cas obliged. With a low curse, he bucked his hips into Dean again, pistoning harder and faster until Dean shouted in incredulous disbelief, his cock hardening again under the onslaught to his prostate. Cas moaned out his name, sweat dripping from his hair and the tip of his nose as he fucked Dean higher on the bed.
Rather than trying to escape the next blow, he rolled his hips back to meet it, his back arching. He knew exactly what Cas was seeing, the black mesh of his panties letting the red bloom of each slap to his skin show clearly. Cas let out another low groan, Dean's name escaping his lips like a benediction. Or a curse.
“Half an hour, if we leave now. Tell Sammy to forget about ordering ours, we gotta go in and sit. You have to try Ellen's pie and we can get a couple of beers.”
“Trying to keep my strength up, Samalam?” he teased, taking a sip. Seconds later his phone pinged, and he choked on a laugh. He cleared his throat and reread the message, a grin on his face as he turned to his Alpha. “Your brother has certainly pulled mine out of his shell! Not that he was all that closed off, but I would
"Absolutely, sweetheart." He brushed his fingers through Cas' hair in an attempt to smooth it back into place, but it was a lost cause. He did it again anyway, simply enjoying the feel of Cas' thick, soft hair under his hands. Cas gave him a slow, happy smile, as though he knew what Dean was up to, and bent to capture his lips one more time.
Cas blew out a shuddering breath, and nodded, heading for the drawer. He pulled out the paddle, and Dean whimpered quietly. Cas checked his mate’s scent, and found anticipation, a frisson of fearful energy, but overriding it all, want.
Sam spun and walked them into the dining room and laid Gabe down on the table, and taking his hands, stretched them up over his head to catch the edge of the table.
“These make me very happy,” Cas told him, and Dean felt a bubbling warmth in his chest at providing food for his Alpha. Genetics could be a pain in the ass, but a happy feeling was a happy feeling, and he figured he'd just roll with it.
He tossed everything into the hamper and headed for a quick shower. He wanted to wash away the blockers before his mate came home, and hoped Cas remembered to get rid of his before he came to bed. A few minutes later he walked through the bedroom with a towel around his waist, his hair still sending trickles of water down his back, and crouched in front of the drawer Cas had instructed him to look into.
There was a low grumble from his right as Lisa seemed to protest the call, but Dean was already moving, crawling across the floor to meet his best friend who had moved forward to greet him. Dean set one hand on Cas' shoulder as he wobbled, then Cas shifted and Dean was falling. Cas caught him easily, his blue eyes wide and full of laughter from mere inches away.
"I said, don't stop!" Cas all but growled, and Dean let out a breathless laugh. He pulled back suddenly and drove forward, snapping his hips sharply. Cas cried out in pleasure, and Dean gave a cocky grin.
“Dean,” Jo had re-appeared with a slice of apple pie, and said his name like he was an idiot, which he didn't think was exactly fair, “Charlie and I have been together since my senior year of high school. That was six years ago. What are you, twelve?”
Dean turned back to Cas, looking for sympathy, and grumbled to find the crystal blue eyes filled with tears of mirth as his mate laughed behind his palm. Dean chucked a fry at him with a pout. Cas simply caught it and popped it into his mouth with a grin.
Without waiting, Dean swivelled his hips, grinding down onto Cas, pulling a chorus of moans from each of them. Cas' strong hands gripped his waist and cupped the top of his ass, then began a slow push and pull, rocking Dean on his thick cock. Dean groaned low in his throat, lifting himself to slide back down, over and over. It started slowly, but within a couple minutes Dean was riding Cas feverishly, crying out every time that Cas' cock hit his prostate and quaking as he fought to keep his balance.
