Neither of them ever liked giving in to each other.
They say he needs to make a decision.
Far from reassuring him, however, Tony begins shaking badly. The heart monitor beeps dangerously. “I lost him,” he says, and then again and again. “I lost him, Steve. I
Steve leans back, quietly pumping a single finger in and out and watching Tony’s face carefully. His jaw tightens around the gag when a second finger is added.
He pauses when the dip of his tongue makes Tony whimper piteously like a wounded animal. Then, he presses in deeper, licking his insides as much as he can reach.
They stare at each other for a long moment.
“Steve…”
“Let me go.”
. His heart thunders in his ears, blood rushing, and he can’t control himself as his voice turns into something sharp and ugly. “That’s ridiculous. You belong
He doesn’t speak to Steve.
He leans down and takes Tony into his mouth. Tony spasms at the contact, likely still oversensitive from his previous orgasm, and Steve is gentle as he suckles on his still limp cock.
Tony swallows. “Steve.”
He wants this to last. He wants Tony to remember this forever. He wants to be the Steve Tony thinks of, whether it be in hatred or love, and the Steve his body craves.
“Steve,” Bucky had breathed.
The entire room is dedicated to Tony. It’s a separate place where Steve proves how much he needs him. They make love in Tony’s bedroom, but this room that Steve has put together is where he can
One day, he thinks as he strokes Tony’s erection – one day, he’ll fuck Tony’s mouth through that gag. One day, Tony will let him.
He finds Tony fallen near one of the back exits, and lets out a breath of relief.
Patience is always important in the battlefield, but Steve doesn’t like thinking about it that way. Lovemaking isn’t a battle and Tony isn’t his enemy.  He kisses Tony’s inner thigh and wonders if this is what it would be like to worship something. Slow and careful, mindful of every sound and move Tony makes. His sobs, his pleas, his gasps that Steve thought had been lost forever.
, his mind sneers. He’s never thought meanly of Tony’s old PA before, but he’s glad she was part of the population dusted by the decimation. He thinks of her touching Tony, loving Tony, being the one walking down the aisle and making him smile for the rest of his life.
Then, he reminds himself of what the doctors said. He reminds himself that there might be no real recovery, no coming back from whatever traumas Thanos brought on Tony’s mind.
“Oh, shh, sweetheart, shh. No, no, don’t cry again… No…”
Tony’s scream melts into a long, equally muffled wail as he comes inside Steve’s mouth. He swallows dutifully, licking the droplets off his lips.
Tony’s wrists and ankles are bound to the bedframe to keep him from hurting himself. He’d struggled so wildly earlier, scratching at the medical staff, screaming obscenities and accusations at Steve.
It’s a strange thought, that Tony might not be able to piece himself back together. In Steve’s mind, he has always been so … capable. Strong. Not always right, but he tried. Always.
Bringing Tony home is strange in a way that it wasn’t the first time. Steve watches him carefully and doesn’t let him out of his sight. He’s attached restraints to the wheelchair and he straps Tony in so he isn’t stuck in the bed all day like he was before.
Steve mouths at the underside of Tony’s jaw, acutely aware of the body trembling beneath him. The medicine makes him soft and sweet to the touch even when he pushes Steve away.
Forever.
He remembers his shield coming down on Tony’s head. Armored hands reaching up to shield his face – too slow, too slow…
He smiles softly, stroking his greasy hair away from his face. “You’re doing so well, Tony.”
Tony is stubborn and smart, brilliant and handsome, and Steve is afraidafraid
“I love you,” he murmurs, trying so hard not to be hurt. “And I know you love me. Even if you won’t admit it right now.”
He sits down on the grass with Tony in his arms and settles him in between his legs. Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s waist and buries his face in the juncture between his neck and his shoulder.
Tony’s sad, broken wail has Steve kissing the edge of his open mouth gently. He shushes him, heart aching at the sound.
Tony tugs on the restraints halfheartedly. “At least … at least take the restraints away. Please? Steve?”
Soft music filters through the air, some piano rendition of a song Steve remembers vaguely from his childhood. It gives him a tempo to work with as he feels Tony’s body press against his, something less frantic than what he’d done before with the chair.
In a world where everything and everyone has left him, Tony has returned. Not the same as before, maybe, but he is here now despite the chaos in the universe.
Once Steve has secured Tony back onto the bed, noting the different locks he’ll need now while carrying him, he kisses his forehead tenderly.
He lifts off the cock with a muted smack. Kisses Tony’s balls, sucking them into his mouth like he’d done when Tony was bound to the chair. With his hands, he lifts Tony’s ass, just a little, for a better angle at his hole.
Steve doesn’t pull away, he might
“Oh, Tony,” he murmurs softly. His hand rises up almost unbidden to stroke his pale cheek. “What did they do to you?”
“They’re gone, aren’t they?” he asks, sounding so small and vulnerable that Steve can’t help but press a tender kiss to his forehead.
This can be a first for both of them.
“This will hurt a little, Tony,” he says quietly. “But only at first. I promise you it’ll be good. Do you trust me?”
But Tony scoffs. “Of course, I fucking know. Who else did I fight on Titan with that Strange guy and the Guardians of the Universe – or something.”
As he bends over Tony, nose to nose, brown eyes trapped in his, he listens to every grunt and whimper, watches the tears that well up when he twists his wrist just so and the drool that starts sliding out the edge of his mouth.
It's slow, and the changes are small, but Tony’s skin loses some of its pallor as he’s exposed to more sunlight. The vitamins help him gain a little weight. He’s still a far cry from the man Steve first met, but he’s starting to accept that he’ll never be the same way he was before and all it implies, and takes what he gets.
Their kiss is nothing like the first time on the bed. It’s wild and angry, biting, but there is nowhere Tony can go or turn to as Steve holds him still. When he finally pulls away, Tony’s cheeks are flushed, lips plump and bitten red. His eyes are shining with emotion, and just once, Steve wants to love him less.
. Tony’s wail is vindication and absolution, setting fire to Steve’s blood. He bobs his head up and down a few times before drawing back again. The choked off moan Tony gives him encourages him to return to the lighter touches, the gentler ones until Tony is crying out with each brush and breath.
There’s a path by the lakeside Steve pushes Tony's wheelchair along during the early mornings. It used to be that the steady rhythm of his feet hitting the pavement would clear his mind, but there’s something equally soothing about walking with Tony. The sunlight is bright and warm – good for Tony, who somehow looks more fragile than ever these days.
Harsh panting meets his ears, and when he glances up, Tony’s eyes are closed tight. Sensations are heightened when sight is taken away, so Steve lets himself believe it’s a good sign. It needs to be a good sign. Tony needs to want this as much as he does.
The God of Thunder, with the help of Natasha, unwrapped the gifts and Tony saw that Thor got Peter a train set.
“But is that the only reason you like her? Because she’s pretty?”
before placing it on the pillow he was previously resting his head over.
“Do they need more snacks?” Tony asked the second he walked through the door to their home.
Steve stepped over Sam’s sleeping body to shake Hawkeyes hand. “Thanks for tonight.”
An involuntary shiver left Tony’s body. His body was telling him that it wants food. That it needs water. He wishes he had a way to make his mind understand that he didn’t have any. “Food and water ran out four days ago… Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning.” He knew this was happening. He knew that he couldn’t escape his death. Years ago, Tony imaged that his death would occur when he was eighty. He thought that he would fall asleep next to Steve, and never wake up. He didn’t think that he would die in a drifting spaceship, about to run out of oxygen. But he knew his death was unavoidable. He’d come to peace with that years ago when he carried the nuclear bomb on his back and shot up through a wormhole in New York City. “And that’ll be it.”
“You stayed the night.” He said simply. “Isn’t it like ‘gang-leader code’ to never stay the night with someone. Especially with a supposed one-night stand.”
The Captain looked disbelieving.
“Where do they keep the diapers?”
He imagined that it was Steve holding his hand as he walked through the park, that it was Steve who held onto his arm when he went ice skating, that Steve was the one who he spent all day texting back and forth with him.
Tony spent the past three hours running up and down 5th avenue with Pepper, trying to find the perfect gift for Peter. They’ve already gone in and out of six different stores, each time coming out empty handed.
Tony’s nightmares were plagued by Steve. His sweet dreams turned sour as his brain replayed his last moments with him, over and over again.
Tony tried to move on. He did. Truly.
“No- what you did was for revenge. You probably would have thrown that book into the dumpster outside. I take things for excitement. For the thrill. Everything I’ve ever taken-”
As the years passed, it became a tradition between the two of them to give each other nicely wrapped, empty boxes for the holidays.
Tony’s throat burned as the fiery liquid from the glass bottle in hands darted down his throat. He knew he shouldn’t be drinking. He’d been sober for almost a year now. But today was different.
“Are you okay?”
“Well I'm going to have to talk to Daddy about this first, and then we'll have to talk to Ned’s parents. Okay?”
“But Ned’s parents wanted him to come home. They want to spend time with him too.” Steve reasoned. “If you go over his house, you would have to come back home too. Daddy and I would go crazy if we didn’t get to see you all day.”
So Tony really had no other option except to call him ‘Clyde’. Because, really, he couldn’t bring himself to call him ‘Captain’ every time. And while Tony does admit that he has a thing for a man in uniform, he does not have a thing for higher authority figures than himself, so constant ‘Captain-calling’ just won’t work. But the more Tony continued to call him ‘Clyde’, he could see now that nickname gets under the man's skin. The Captain's eye will twitch, or his jaw will clench. Tony finds it kind of adorable that he can get under the man's skin just by calling him the name that he gave him in the first place.
“Maybe if the only two people in the running were him and Freddie Krueger.” Tony scoffed in disbelief.
So he forced himself to quietly tiptoe around Caps bedroom for a piece of paper and I pen. In a scribbled, hardly legible note, Tony wrote,
Tony tried to hide his smirk behind his glass but failed miserably. “Well it’s more of a gift for myself, but I’m sure he’ll enjoy it.”
Steve’s, two-year-old, black wingtip shoes clapped against the pavement while he and Tony walked in the direction of the tower.
“Oh, ‘Clyde’, I don’t think you understand. This suit costs more than you do.” They’ve both officially established that ‘Clyde’ is not the Captain's real name, but no matter how much Tony begged him, he absolutely refuses to share his real name.
“Of course he does,” Clint muttered as he grabbed the Cheetos and headed for the sofa.
And the day after that, and so on and so forth.
As Tony walked back, Cap saw him and excused himself from Hammers side; but Tony didn't pretend to ignore the way his dark pupils flashed as they saw Tony.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Ned.” Tony smiled, shaking Ned’s hand. “So what have you two been up to?”
“Of course I miss you. But Peter just… I don’t know. I never imagined I would be able to have this type of attachment to someone.”
"You're brilliant, Barbie." His voice sounded so hoarse and all of Tony's blood traveled to his dick. "I could barely stay in my seat all night. Seeing you flirting with him, with that cockroach, all I wanted to do was take you right there, on the table."
“Tony, stop checking your phone,” Steve said as he twirled the spaghetti on his fork against the curve of his spoon. “Peter’s fine.”
Bruce waited until Peter was done with his bottle, and then he lightly tapped Peter four times on his back before he threw up the bottle he just drank. Sam rushed to get paper towels and Bucky went into Peter’s room to grab a clean pair of pajama’s. When he came back, he held a Hulk themed onesie in his hands. The bottom half was purple and the top half was green, with the word ‘SMASH’ boldly printed.
“He sorta just said his first word!”
Tony took to Instagram and posted a series of photos including Steve’s hand adorning his engagement ring, another was of the two of them feeding each other wedding cake. The third picture was of the two of them on a boat in Greece, the one after that was the two of them eating gelato in Rome. The last picture was a selfie Tony took months ago. Steve, not knowing that the picture was being taken, was standing with his back facing the camera. The only thing he was wearing was a pair of white boxers with the words ‘Property of Tony Stark’ printed over his ass, in red. Tony’s pointer finger rested against his lips in a ‘shhh’ fashion.
miss ripping your clothes off in the elevator, after we did those other things.”
………..
“But I wanted him to stay!” Peter said with a large sob leaving his throat.
He slowly opened the door, careful to avoid any creak the hinges could create. He slowly shut the door and sauntered over towards the crib in front of him. He bent down on both knees so he was eye level with his sleeping son. Peter looked so peaceful while slept. His little brown curls stuck to his forehead. Tony watched the peaceful rhythm of Peter’s chest rise and fall. After a few minutes, Tony heard the door behind him slowly open and close and soon felt Steve’s huge arms wrap around him.
“Where’s the fun in that?”
“That ‘little book’,” he seethed, “is two years of fucking research. I’ve spent hundreds and hundreds of hours working and investigating for it. Now if you think that having your guard dogs train their guns on me is gonna make me back off then you got another thing coming.”
While people hoped he was, they knew that even with there incessant asking, they weren’t going to get answers any time soon. Or at least... not for another two months.
Tony pulled out the gun he kept in his waistband and locked it, raising it in front of his face as he slowly took a few steps forward. Peeping inside the door, he surveyed the complete disarray coming from the inside of the warehouse. Countless of boxes and crates and tables were turned on their sides as various people hid behind them, leaning over the side to fire their weapons across the crowded space.
“Sorry, doll, but we need that little book.”
“To who? Rumlow? I met him a few months back. And yeah, he was fun. He did this thing with his tongue that drove me
“I think you’re being a little dramatic.”
“Yes, sir.” His A.I. said as he walked towards his own room.
“Hey, Mr. Rogers, if you find this recording, don’t feel bad about this.” The dismantled faceplate stared back at him. Tony had to hope that Steve survived the decimation. He had to. Tony knew that the chances of Steve ever receiving this message were slim to none. But one day the ship might pass by Earth and the message left in his suit would be transmitted to the compound. Or maybe the ship will float into earth’s atmosphere and someone will come across the broken vessel. From there they will find his helmet, along with his decayed body. “Part of the journey is the end.”
“What happened?”
A little while later Nat, Bruce, and Thor worked their way up to the penthouse and were taking turns playing with Peter.
Steve knew something was wrong.
situation I may have been wrong and acted badly.”
“Oh, you want to hear the answer? Well, here you go!” ‘Clyde got off the bed and stalked towards Tony, waiting for him to begin. “Well for starters you don’t fucking trust me! It took months for you to show me where you live! Ninety-nine percent of your life is completely unknown to me. I don’t know who the hell you are or what you think, all I know is that you don’t want me. You… you only want me when I can go on jobs for you and get you your precious info or your ‘priceless’ objects! And when I’m not doing your dirty work, your fucking me! It’s like you don’t even fucking want me for me! You want me for what I can give you!”
Steve bent down and wrapped his large arms around Tony’s front. Pressing x amount of kisses all over the sides of his head, wishing he could take away his husband's sadness. “Tony,” he said, turning his face so he could kiss the falling tear, running down the brunettes cheek. “He’ll do it again.”
“I’ll buy you a new one,” he huffed, voice going deeper.
Now Tony never had to deal with another reporter asking, “Mr, Stark, are you single?”
Tony took the few clothes that he bought yesterday, a new set of Avenger plushies, along with some of the child development books Rhodey had gotten him and gave those to Peter who immediately reached for the hulk plushy and sneezed on it before holding it hostage in his little arms.
“Thanos raised me. He always talked about a planet which has the most beautiful sunset he’d ever seen. I’m going to start there.”
“Don’t worry about the ‘what if’s’, because Peter will crawl again. And so what if you miss it the next time? There still is the time after that, and the time after that, and the time after that.”
Nebula’s blue face looked happier than he’d ever seen. “Some Ravagers found us. For the right price, they can take you back to Earth and me to Thanos.”
Slowly opening the door, he saw Tony on the ground, with his arms securely wrapped around his bent legs which were tucked against his chest.
Tony stared at the paperwork in front of him, no longer sure what he originally had planned for all of it. When his lunch hour started, Tony dashed out of his office and rushed into his car, frantically telling Happy to ‘step-on-it’.
When Nat placed the box in front of Peter, she tore off the wrapping paper but kept the bright blue bow. Tony watched as she slowly tore back the lid and peeked in and frowned.
This person has a light and airy laugh, Steve has a powerful, gruff laugh.
The two contently watch their baby in front of them.
“Promise?”
“You were happy a minute ago.”
He envisions the way he used to hold Tony. The way Steve used to wrap both his arms around his waist and pull their bodies close together when they were alone. The way he used to lock his arms around Tony in the tightest hug, whenever he returned from a mission. The way his fingers and hands used to run up and down and support Tony’s body, in their most intimate moments.
“Nothing! I just… I need you to leave me alone… I can't be around you anymore”
“Steve,” Tony said once his husband walked into the kitchen, “Your son is laughing at me and I don’t like it.”
When Tony turned around, he caught the Captain's eye and just barely nodded before heading to the bathroom, carrying a sleek, newly released to the market, StarkPhone that had been previously resting in Hammers jacket pocket.
“Nevermind,” Pepper said, her nose crinkling in disgust, “I don’t want to know.”
Steve didn't remember that name. “Who's Ned?”
“I’m fine,” Tony waved his hand dismissively.
The smug smile that spread across the Captain's lips pissed him off. It reminded him of a kid on a basketball team, prematurely gloating about how his team won the game right before the other team made the winning shot. The blonde turned around to look at his crew, all of them, except the red-haired women, were shooting Tony smug grins. The red-haired woman’s eyes were hard as steel and trained on Tony. She openly kept her guard up, while the others appeared slightly more loose, however, Tony was under no impression that all of them still couldn’t kill him within half a second's notice. "Well sorry, hate to break it to you Barbie, but it ain't here."
Once he got to his penthouse in Stark tower, Tony collapsed in his bed, tucked under several blankets, and finally allowed him to shed tears over his lost love.
Once that article was published on that grey, gloomy morning in May, more and more people began to wonder about Tony Stark's love life.
When Tony sat down on his bed, he looked at the photo closely and knew that if he had the opportunity to go back in time and tell his past self all that has happened, to tell himself about all the pain that Steve caused him, he would still do everything the same exact way. Tony realized, that even though he lost Steve, he hasn’t lost his memories of him. And Tony has much more good, loving memories about Steve than bad ones.
After a few hours, the pair were heartbroken that they couldn’t take Peter home immediately. But first they needed to have there home checked out by the state and they needed to have their lawyers present while they signed the adoption papers. But in about a week, Steve and Tony were sitting the backseat of their car with Peter strapped in a car seat between them. They watched as Peter played with the stuffed animal in his lap while the car drove extremely slowly down the busy streets of Manhattan.
“There is blood inside this.” He called out, choking against the fabric. It smelled like death.
“How?” Tony shot back, raising his head just barley, “How? I love you and I don’t even know your real name! You don’t trust me with anything in your life and I don’t want to only know part of you. I don’t want to be treated this way! Maybe I deserve it, after all the shit I’ve pulled, maybe this is exactly what I deserve. But I just can’t! If you can’t trust me, then this can’t work! I’m not going to just sit around and-”
The Captain pulled away, a challenging look in his eye, “Oh Barbie,” the man insisted on constantly calling him ‘Barbie’ half the time so Tony never knew which name he was going to hear. But he had to admit, hearing ‘Clyde’ call him ‘Barbie’ really did something to him. “If I want to buy you a suit, I’ll buy you a suit. No matter how overpriced.”
When they arrived at the Tower, Happy pulled into the private car garage under the building, which was only allowed to be used by the Avengers, Pepper, and Happy. Once they got Peter out of the car and into the elevator, they let the fact that they were taking Peter home really sink into their minds. They were parents now. They had a kid. That thought both terrified and excited them. But they knew that they could do it. Tony believed in his soul that Steve would be an amazing parent. And Steve has no doubt in his mind that Tony would do anything for Peter. And even if they need help, they have some of the greatest friends in the whole world who would be lining up to help them.
has never seemed more tragic. The suit was broken. It had barely any remaining power left inside of it. It was dying. To Tony, the suits representation of him had never been so clear. Tony was breaking. He had barely any energy left inside of him. He was dying too.
The past week Steve, Tony, and the rest of Avengers have been busy working on Project: Baby. Bruce and Bucky were in charge with Baby Proofing the tower. Sam and Thor were in charge of buying Peter clothes. Rhodey and Natasha were in charge of buying little games toys and decorating Peter’s room, even if he wouldn’t be using it for a while. Clint and Pepper were in charge of helping Tony and Steve with the most important things that they needed such as a crib, changing table, bottle station, etc. They were also in charge with helping calm down the nervous husbands. Clint already had children and understood what physiological worries the pair was going through. Pepper was also helping with overseeing everyone else. She made sure that Bruce and Bucky baby proofed everything, she made sure that the outfits purchased by Sam and Thor were varied for different types of weather, and she made sure that the toys, stuffed animals, and decorations Rhodey and Nat picked out were appropriate for a two-month-old. And since Happy is head of security, Tony and Steve had him increase the amount of security in and around Stark Tower.
do you do it? As you said, you could buy anything you want. Why take from others?”
Tony didn’t say anything, but he raised himself on his toes and placed a kiss on the end of Steve's nose. The pair broke apart and turned their heads when they heard the faint ping of the elevator doors opening.
Within the next hour, dozens of papers and online journals had published articles about Tony having a nervous breakdown and destroying someone's personal property. This wasn’t the first time that the press had written about Tony Stark freaking out in public, or destroying someone’s property. But it didn’t matter. Tony couldn’t keep his feelings to himself anymore. What he said, had to be said.
“You killed someone two hours ago, in case you forgot!”
“Tony, if we don’t slow down then our baby won’t have anyone to adopt him!!” Steve yelled as the car, he and his husband were in, continued to weave in and out of traffic.
“Wow,” Peter said, feeling the ghost of Gwen’s lips on his cheek. He sauntered over towards Ned and plopped down on the blacktop. “I’m a man now.” He said before telling Ned everything that just happened.
Tony couldn’t open his eyes. He couldn’t. He didn’t want to find out that this was all in his head. After a few minutes, he felt Steve pull back slightly.
And now mini tears were running down Peter’s chubby little face and the air was filled with his crisp wails, and no one, aside from him, knew what to do.
The Captain absentmindedly nodded his head as he listened to Tony’s words. Once it was clear that Tony was done speaking, he turned to his brown-haired friend who Tony dubbed ‘Guard Dog #1’ in his head. The two seemed to be having a silent conversation that Guard Dog #1 wasn’t happy with. When the Captain turned to the rest of his team, GD#1 turned to Tony.
Everything was fine. The galaxy seemed to pass by them as they traveled, but then the engine started making some strange sounds. Nebula tried to fix it, but there was no place nearby that they could land, so they couldn’t get a proper look. Nebula sent our a distress signal, but it has been almost a week, and no one responded.
He held the book out and Tony snatched it right away. Tony flipped through the pages, making sure everything was still there, no pages ripped out, no names erased, nothing scribbled in the margins. But it was perfect. Nothing out of place, everything was how he left it. “Thank you,” he said earnestly, raising his head to meet the Captain's eye.
“Okay.”
…………..
He thinks about Steve's laugh. The light airy chuckle he made when he was embarrassed. The way he tries to hide behind the rosy blush that forms on his cheeks. Or the way he grabbed at his chest when he produced a lively and vivacious laugh that seemed to echo around him.
Walking into the living room both men were wearing the ridiculous matching pajamas that Tony had gotten them last year. Both pajama bottoms were designed to look like cartoon reindeer legs, while the shirts had the remainder of the reindeer bodies. The tip of the reindeer's nose on Bucky’s shirt was bright red, while the reindeer on Sam’s shirt had a caption on it, depicting the reindeer saying
“Like mementos,”
Tony had surprised Steve with a weekend getaway to Iceland. When they checked into there hotel and opened the door to there room, they found two life-size cardboard cutouts of themselves. One was of the Iron man suit with its palm up, pointed towards you and the other was of Captain America. The Captain was covered head-to-toe in his 1940s uniform, and Cap looked as though he was about to throw his shield at the enemy. Steve and Tony thought it was hilarious so they asked the bellhop to take a picture for them. The two decided to pose in the same position as their own avenger and give the camera a stern look, although that didn’t stop Tony on throwing up a peace sign right as the camera went off.
After that, the Avengers were so busy fighting missions that they were rarely ever seen in New York City. If any of them were seen, it was a rare occasion. Tony Stark hasn’t been seen in NYC in over five months.
“How was Peter?”
“Okay. You’re right.”
“Baby,” Tony said wiping away a few stray tears that were rolling down the sides of Peter’s nose. “What happened? It looked you were having so much fun. Why are you crying?”
“Yeah, she’s really pretty.” Peter took another bite of his sandwich.
“Well, at least it’s not my day job!”
A few more months passed by and the media began to slow down there antics, becoming slightly less obsessed with wanting to know if Tony Stark was still single. Well, that was until Tony stark was photographed in Paris. When he returned to the United States, reporters seemed to follow him everywhere, calling after him, wanting to know if he was in the city of love with anyone special. He declined to comment.
At one point Tony joked, “I knew your name wasn’t fucking
“Here,” Tony said behind him. “Peter look.” He placed a banana against Steve’s lips. “See? He’s happy. He’s smiling.” Peter stopped crying, but he still had tears running down his face. “Now Peter, you saw that the banana was smiling. The banana represents happiness.” Tony started peeling the banana and put a little of it in the plastic bowl and began to mash it. “And you are going to eat that happiness. Now open up.” He said placing a spoon with a small piece of mashed banana in front of Peter’s face.
“The things I steal? They’re useless to me. But to other people, they have value. And besides, who would think that Tony Stark stole there watch? After all, I could afford any watch I want. Why would I need theirs?”
he thought. After Peter continued to badger his parents for a playdate with his new friend, Steve's husband called the boy's parents and they arranged a playdate within the next week.
“Who is he?” The Captain barked.
One of the Captain's men, a younger man with sandy hair, dragged the dead man Tony shot across the floor, leaving a trail of dark red blood.
While the world now knew that Iron Man and Captain America were married, that didn’t stop the couple from hiding things from the public. After all, two years later when they adopted a little baby boy named Peter, the public didn’t find out about it for another fourteen years.
“Of course I’m right, I’m me.”
Because one night, as Tony was going to bed, he found himself wandering around the Compound. He walked around until he stopped in front of Steve’s room. The brown wooden door seemed to stare back at Tony, daring him to open it. After a few moments, Tony gave in, and slowly began to twist the doorknob.
“Daddy told him that he doesn’t like his bowl throwing game,” Tony said as he walked over towards the counter to grab a banana.
“Do you even know how to calm him down?” Falcon challenged.
Tony hummed, resting his back against his husbands chest, relishing in the warmth radiating off his body.
“Sam,” Clint said as he got off the couch, “hand him over.”
Steve halted his movements of smearing peanut butter on two slices of bread for Peter’s sandwich before quickly resuming. “What?”
…………..
“Ya know, I never understood that phrase. Do you find buttons cute? Because I find them-” Peter started fidgeting in Tony’s arms, upset that he wasn’t the focus of their attention.
“Noted.” Tony carefully avoided stepping on Rhodney and began walking down the hall. “Steve, can you wake them up?” He waved his hand in Steve’s direction, signaling to their sleeping friends. “I’m gonna check on Peter.” Steve gave Tony a thumbs up, and he began walking towards Peter’s room.
Some mornings he would wake up early and find a warm body up against his. His first thought would always be
‘Peter,” the agent said softly, “Peter Parker.”
So Tony tip-toed through the house, surprised that he didn’t run into anyone. Usually, Hawkeye could be found in the kitchen and the Winter Soldier and Black Widow sitting together on the couch. But tonight everything was quiet in the seemingly empty house.
His feet scraped against the floor as he headed back to living room. “I don’t know how Steve and Tony do it,” he said before he laid down, face first, on the floor.
But the other thing that bothered Tony was how Steve would have died protecting Barnes from him. Tony knew that Steve grew up alongside Bucky. The two were best friends, they helped pick each other up when the other was down, they were always there for one another. The pair spent all there free time together. Just the two of them. Tony knows that Steve first started developing some not-so platonic thoughts about Bucky when he was growing up. He also knows that Steve was freaking out and didn’t know what to do when he started questioning his sexuality in the 30s.
“Good night, small Midgardian,” Thor whispered as Peter’s small eyes closed, and he drifted off into unconsciousness.
Tentatively, both leaned forward, meeting in the middle. It started slow, just the gentle brush of their lips, a chill racing through their body as Steve’s hands-on Tony’s waist tightened slightly. Soon they applied more pressure, traded playful kisses.
"What is it?" Steve asked next to him.
Squinting his eyes, he zeroed in on his target. Pressing down on the trigger, a single bullet fired from the revolver lodged comfortably in his hands. The familiar BANG! reached his ears as a smile spread across his face.
“Hey, take it or leave it Spangles. Ow!”
"Am I free to go?" He asked, not liking the thought of his body being thrown in the river.
…………..
“Thank you.” He said flippantly.
Tony froze for a moment, temporarily blindsided by Peter's question. He quickly came up with a story, deciding that making up a nice story would sound better to his six-year-old's ears than the truth. After all, how do you tell your kid that you and his father danced around each other for years, finding ways to be around each other as much as possible before giving up and trying to move on but then waking up naked in bed together after a night of drinking?
"Neither," Tony said, standing up and pulling on his suit jacket.
"There's nothing in it."
Steve ducked down and rubbed their noses together. “Of course I mean it.” he chuckled lightly, “You’re my everything, Tony.”
Steve had gone last and unwrapped the clothes, new bottles, pacifiers and teething toys he had bought. Steve had already sanitized the pacifiers before wrapping them and placed one in Peters' mouth.
“Well, they put him to sleep, that alone is worth the fifteen dollars an hour I’m paying them,” Tony whispered, leaning back into Steve’s arms.
right. When the Captain said they were going somewhere nice, Tony pulled out all the stops. A William Westmancott three-piece fitted suit, Armani wingtips, and a stunning Cartier with a black wristband. And Tony had to admit, he looked damn good. So if he has to do this for the Captain, then the Captain better fuck his brains out later tonight.
“Maybe later. I still have to talk to Daddy about dinner.”
“Oh my God! We need his book of firsts. We have to write this down.” Tony ran down the hallway into Peter’s room and grabbed the book sitting on the top shelf of his closet. “Got it!” He yelled, running back to the kitchen. When he got there, he saw Steve taking a bunch of different angled photos of Peter, to capture the moment. Steve eventually sat down and continued spoon-feeding Peter.
And Tony had to admit, he was surprised with himself for not falling asleep. For a few minutes there, he seriously considered just going to bed, wrapped up in ‘Clydes’ arms instead of robbing him. And forty minutes later, when he got home, he slept like a baby for the rest of the night.
“But what if I’m not there to see it?”
Tony watched as ‘Clyde’s’ smile slowly slipped off his face while his expression morphed into one of curiosity. “Why do you do it? If you don’t do anything with robbed items, why do you keep doing it? And, if you always use the same tactics, how do you never get caught?”
“Tony, there are literally seven people here to babysit Peter tonight. Everything will be fine. Now leave, I want to spend time with my nephew.” Nat had to physically shove Tony and Steve away from their son, and into the elevator. The couple kept calling out different instructions to the group while Peter bounced happily, up and down on Thor’s leg, with a pacifier in his mouth.
The couple had spent the past year trying to adopt a child. They’ve met with several expecting mothers before, but each time ended with rejection. Apparently, no one believed that the Avengers can raise children. Steve and Tony began to wonder if they would ever find a baby to add to their family. But that all changed when the pair got the call at 2:37 in the morning that a boy, no older than two months, was in need of a family. Tony called Happy to have him bring the car around and Steve called the other Avengers and informed them that they were going to the adoption agency. The two then ran out of the tower and into the car as fast as possible. When they arrived, they sat in the waiting room for what felt like forever before an adoption agent appeared and took them to meet their soon-to-be son.
Tony only sniffled in response, and rubbed himself even further into Steve’s neck.
Tony felt Steve’s presence before he saw him. Steve appeared at his side and wrapped one of his arm’s around Tony’s shoulder and placed the other one underneath Peter. “Because that’s our job, Peter, to protect you,” Steve said, his own eyes filled with tears.
“And which friend is this? Harry? Eugene? Jessica?”
“How the hell did you manage to put a tracker in a book?”
Peter turned and looked up at the woman standing next to him. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Jackson.”
The people began wondering if Tony was even still engaged.
The next morning Steve spoonfed Peter some mashed banana at breakfast.
When Christine Everheart posted a picture on Twitter, of Tony Stark standing outside of a Starbucks, holding a large coffee, people’s first thought was ‘He’s back’. But in the second picture, when she zoomed in on his left hand, even though it was very blurry, everyone saw what was resting around his finger.
Peter smiled at him and started giggling.
Some people might find it pathetic that Tony still wants Steve. Hell, if it wasn’t Steve he was in love with, then Tony would find himself pathetic. But after all the blood and tears that this relationship cost him, he wouldn’t undo any of it for a second.
Clint Barton, after he was hounded outside a bagel shop, once turned towards a reporter, looked straight into her camera and said, “They won’t shut up about all the planning, and they both suck at making decisions. One wants hydrangeas, another wants red, white, and pink, roses. I tried to tell them that they should use gladiolus, and now they are also, somehow, debating calla lilies!” He sounded exasperated as his arms slashed through the air around him. “I’m happy for them both, truly I am, but they are driving me crazy.” He then stormed away before the reporter could ask him another question.
At the sound of Steve’s voice, Peter started wiggling in their arms. The blanket he was wrapped in, loosened and soon one of his arm’s broke free. Peter’s hand reached forward as his little body stiffened in his stretch. His little hand stopped moving once it found something to wrap its fingers around. That thing was Tony’s finger. After a moment Peter’s little tiny eyes slowly began to open. Soon two little brown orbs stared up at Tony and Steve. The two smiled down at Peter as a few more tears ran down there faces.
before he remembered that Steve wasn’t here anymore. That Steve had left him, and he wasn’t coming back.
Tony jotted down a few phone numbers, found a message that just said
“What did Steve get him?” Pepper wondered as she walked down the endless aisles of baby clothes.
“I don’t think he wants to show you.”
“Sure,” She turned to her friends, “Be right back.”
In his mind, he can still picture the video were he saw Barnes murder his parents. He can still hear his mother calling out for his father. When he closes his eyes, he can still see Steve and Bucky limping away from him in Siberia. Leaving him injured and alone, in the cold.
“Is this what you wanted?” He asked as he picked up both plushies in one hand, and held them in front of Peter. “Do you miss your dads?” Peter clutched the closest plushie, Captain America, against his chest, “They’ll be back in a few hours. I promise.” Clint waited ten more minutes before bringing Peter back to the other Avengers.
Astonishment slipped into the Captain’s voice, as did a little skepticism. “So you don’t feel any remorse for what you just did to him?”
“Okay, hun, we’ll see you soon. Say goodbye to Daddy,” Steve said to Peter. Peter just continued laughing as Steve hung up the phone.
Leaning forward on the desk, Tony stood up. Keeping eye contact with the Captain, he moved from his spot and sauntered behind the desk. The Captain turned in his chair, a light, playful smile on his lips. “If I see something I want,” Tony murmured before hiking up his legs onto the chair and pressing a knee on either side of the Captain's thighs, “Then I take it for myself.” He whispered in his ear, before connecting their lips.
Peter shook his head as he swallowed his food. “No, she's really nice too. I told her a joke yesterday and she laughed! Oh! And she’s smart too! Last week we had a class spelling bee and she won! Wanna know the winning word? DONKEY! I got the word ‘couches’ wrong cause I forgot the ‘e’. Can I have a grilled cheese, Papa?”
“Well, I definitely didn’t expect you to ask me to go on a date with another man.”
“Oh God, oh God, oh God,” he muttered, lifting the comforter to cover his face. “Just please get out ‘Clyde’.” He could already feel the tears start to form while he sniffled.
Tony had ignored Steve for over a week, unknowingly breaking the blonde's heart. Steve had tried to confront Tony, tried to tell him how he felt but the stubborn man wouldn’t listen. It took Natasha’s intervention to lock both Steve and Tony in a room together so they could talk through their feelings. Even though Tony could have easily left the room, telling Jarvis to override the system, however, the threat of Black Widows rath was enough to keep him in place long enough for Steve to admit that he’s been in love with Tony for years and asked him out for coffee.
“It’s alright, Peter. But next time to remember to wait inside.” His teacher told him before bidding them a good day and going back inside the building.
and the last…
Tony felt his phone buzz and saw that Pepper sent him a picture. When he clicked on the attachment, he felt his heart squeeze in his chest. The photo showed the picture of Peter with his birth parents and the picture of Peter with Tony and Steve in separate frames, hanging up side-by-side in Peter’s room. Tony showed the photo to Steve and the smile already resting on his face, grew twice as large.
"Did you find anything." ‘Clyde’ asked, momentarily pulling his lips away before attaching them to Tony's neck. Biting and sucking on the taut flesh.
Tony heard the shouts and gunshots from over three streets away. Honestly, don’t these mob bosses know that they will
“-stolen,”
Tony placed a hand on top of Steve’s, which was resting on Peter’s back. “We would.” He said with a mini smile. “And besides, you get to see Ned at school tomorrow, and you can invite him over again next week.”
They’ve been together for five months now, and Tony swears he’s been in love with the man for the past three.
As they descended across the familiar terrain of upstate New York, Tony could see small figures run out from the Compound and towards the ship. He felt so overwhelmed that he couldn’t tell who everyone was. When the Ravager ship landed, it was on the lawn of the compound, about two acres away from the actual building. The moment the ship landed and the door opened, Tony ran. He ran past Nebula, he ran past the ship Captain. He ran until he felt something, or rather someone, grab him. He felt large, strong arms wrap around his sides and soon he was breathing in a familiar scent.
“Thank you,” He said to Nebula as Tony saw his first glance of Earth. From space, everything looked peaceful. “I never thought I’d see it again.” When they first entered Earth’s atmosphere, Tony turned on his Iron Man helmet. Soon it started blinking red, indicating that the voice recording he made for Steve, sent to the Avengers Compound.
long night and just want to relax in silence.” Not three minutes after he finished that sentence, they heard Peter crying through the baby monitor. “Not it!” He shouted.
“Of course, you can!” Tony said, ruffling his son’s brown curls.
It first started gaining media attention when Karen Page wrote an article under the New York Bulletin’s gossip column, claiming that it has been months since Tony Stark was last seen drunk out of his mind, partying all hours of the night, and parading around with some equally as drunk, beautiful girl, wearing barely any clothing.
“What?” Clint asked once Peter started making a bunch of different little-annoyed voices. He held the four-month-old against his hip and started walking towards the changing table. He wondered if Peter needed a diaper change, but he didn’t smell anything and assumed he was saved from diaper duty. “What do you wan- oh,”
Looking down, Peter remained transfixed on his bottle, leaving Steve alone with his thoughts.
Ned and Peter began to talk loud and fast about some game they were playing while Tony and Steve looked at each other, and couldn’t help but smile.
“Are you saying that you don’t miss me whenever we go a few hours without seeing each other? Because that’s rude.” Steve smiled at the snark in Tony's voice.
The Captain scratched the back of his head, “To be completely honest, I didn’t read it.”
Even after months and months have passed, Tony hasn’t gone more than three nights in a row without reliving those events in his sleep. No matter how hard he tries, Steve Rogers won’t leave him alone.
Bruce had bought a carousel for the overhead of his crib, with miniature Avengers in the center of it.
Before Tony could retort back, the pair heard footsteps running down the hall towards them.
Tony struggled against the ties, trying to loosen them but to no avail.
“I… I…” Peter’s face crashed into Tony’s shoulder and he wrapped his little arms around his neck. “I didn’t want him to leave!”
“Oh please!” He called out, basically snarling at the man, “My only use for you is to be your doll to use to con people and then fuck! You don’t want me for me Cap! I just can’t do this anymore.” He collapsed to the ground in his heap of blankets, sobbing as his body crumpled, folding in on itself.
“Really?” Tony rolled his eyes, holding up his phone, “Because my tracker says otherwise.”
Clint’s rant about flowers was the most information the public received. Then a year went by without any news.
“Daddy,” Peter yelled as he jumped into Tony’s arms, “this is Ned!”
One morning when Steve was feeding Peter, Tony walked into the kitchen carrying a Babies R Us bag in his hands. “I got Peter a little present.” He said as he pulled a onesie out of the bag. It had a white background and had a bunch of tiny banana’s decorated all over it.
" he muttered. "Don't you have a blindfold or something?"
As Peter began telling the joke, which made no sense to Steve, he couldn't help but smile as his son talked about his new friend. Peter has always been super friendly, and it warms his heart to see how excited he is about new people.
As fast as lightning, a quick flash went off and the couple looked up to find the adoption agent pointing a camera towards them. “I figured you wouldn’t want to forget the first moment your son looked at you.” She said as she walked forward to show them the picture she had just taken.
“Steve?” Tony’s voice sounded so small, it was barely above a whisper. “Are you really here?”
“Thank you,” Tony said before placing the photo on top of the folder and walking over towards the baby in his husband's arms.
“Just get a room.” Tony and Steve both jumped in their seats as they turned their attention over towards Clint, who was hunched over the table with a mouthful of cereal, rolling his eyes in Natasha’s direction. “It is too early in the morning to see you two making bedroom eyes at each other. I’m trying to eat here.” He groaned as he shoved another spoonful of Foot Loops into his mouth.
“How long has he been here?” Tony asked the adoption agent.
As he headed down the hall, ‘Clyde’ was going to approach Justin and distract him from reaching for his phone in his jacket pocket by pretending to be a huge fan.
Tony was about to protest, but a heavy object smashed into the back of his head and his vision went dark.
Tony could distinctively hear Steve turning and talking to Peter in the background. “That’s umm,” he coughed, trying to clear his throat. “that’s amazing.”
Eight months to be exact.
Tony kept his eyes trained on the sleeping baby in his arms as Steve started looking through the legal papers. “Hi, Peter,” Tony whispered, “It’s nice to meet you.” Tony already felt the tears begin to form in his eyes. “I’m going to be taking you home soon. Does that sound okay?” He could hear himself chuckle as a tear began to roll down his cheek. “In your new home, you’re going to be so loved. You’ll have a dozen aunts and uncles who’ll spoil you rotten. And remember that gorgeous man with the blond hair who was just holding you? Well, he and I are going to love you unconditionally. The world may seem like a scary place, but we’ll shield you from it for as long as we can.”
"So, uh, your place or mine?" Justin asked, a play-boyish smirk adorning his face.
Steve eats his pasta like
“That sounds perfect,” Pepper said straight-faced, “If you order one on Amazon you should get it on time.”
The blonde turned to face his crew, jutting his head toward the body Tony shot down, signaling one of his men went to go fetch it. Turning back to Tony he said, “I have to admit, I wasn’t expecting to see you here.”
Clint began walking down the hall until he reached Peter’s room, When he opened the door he saw that the spacious room was filled with blankets and stuffed animals. The walls were painted baby blue, and the opened closet door revealed a varied assortment of little, tiny outfits. After closing the door behind him, he sat on the wooden rocking chair on the far side of the room and placed Peter in his lap.
Clint watched as Peter’s outstretched hand reached towards the Captain America and Iron Man plushies sitting by the baby powder.
“Is this him?” Steve’s voice came out breathy as he stared at the beautiful boy with a surprising amount of chocolate brown curls on top of his head.
Walking around the edges of the building, he looked for any entrance points. The graffiti coated warehouse gleamed in the moonlight. Various lines, squiggles, and streams of profanity covered the surface. Tony would have found some of the artwork to be more amusing if he didn’t have something he needed to do. As he headed towards the back of the building, he walked passed the windows, without even attempting to gain entrance that way. The pieces of boarded-up wood that were supposed to be nailed against the window frame had been ripped off. He looked down at the splintered wood which littered the ground next to an abandoned crowbar.
but the thought of kissing Tony was more appealing than any other person.
Clint was, as usual, complaining about Natasha stealing his leftovers this morning while Sam and Bucky were making fun of how he’d never complain to Natasha’s face while Clint vehemently protested.
“I-I, Tony” he stumbled over the words swirling around messily in his head.
Spending time with Tony had always been the highlight of his day and the thought of not being able to be there for one of Tony’s mad spiel rant on some AI he was working on, and not having the constant chatter and energy with him while he ate his lunch or was working on one of his art assignments sat heavily on his heart.
Steve turned towards the intruder with an annoyed wince, it was Clint. He was speechlessly gesturing at them on the floor, mouth opening and closing silently and then back at Natasha who was standing calmly behind him.
And Tony smiled at him, soft and fond, it was the private little smile that Tony always gave him when he thought Steve was being stupidly kind or selfless, it never fail to light Steve up from the inside with happiness at having that kind of private expression from Tony who was all smoke and mirrors with other people.
He perched his head on Bucky’s knee, feeling very affectionate, “Buck, you are my bestest friend. I won’t even tell Nat about that brunette from your History class” he told him conspiratorially.
He still had two more classes to attend but he didn’t feel like going, his professors would understand, he never miss classes unless he absolutely had to.
“This is great” Steve said, louder than he had intended. He had two more shots before Loki declared it was enough for his ‘observation’, whatever the hell that meant and gave him a bottle of beer.
“How much did you have?” Tony asked, curiously looking at him.
“You’re such an idiot” Tony said, sounding fond and exasperated as he struggled out of his grip that had went lax in shock, just to wind his hands around Steve’s shoulder and cling. “Steve?”
, it was, at the same time, overwhelming but not enough.
He had then decided to let off a little steam along with his frustrations by jerking off. Why not, he was a perfectly healthy man in his twenties and his dick was very on board with the idea.
Steve repeated incredulously in his head and he wanted to scoff loudly.
Tony beamed at him and nodded clearly trusting his answer and Steve’s breath caught at the sheer luminescent force of his smile.
“Good morning to you too,” he deadpanned, lifting the note Tony wrote him last night in his hand. “Why are you sorry?” ‘Clyde’ asked normally, as if this were a regular conversation, not one that was about to get him killed. But this might be his thing. Like leading a lamb to the slaughter; luring him into a false sense of security before he went in for the kill.
Tony felt two more streams of tears raced down his face.
Since then, a year and a half had passed when Tony accidentally let something slip during a press conference. When asked why Avengers tower was no longer going to be used as the Avengers headquarters, and why a facility in upstate New York was, Tony responded with: “Well, my love still considers it to be some ‘big, ugly building’ in the middle of the city.” He said with a joking voice, “And upstate New York has much prettier scenery for drawing.” After those words left his lips, Tony's eyes widened as he looked at the sea of reporters, all who had just heard what Tony had just said.
“Hey Tony,” Natasha said one morning from across the breakfast table, “look at page six.” She then proceeded to throw a folded up newspaper, across the table, towards his face. Tony closed his eyes, expecting to feel the newly printed paper slap against his skin, but instead of the impact, he felt nothing. He opened his eyes to see Steve’s arm stretched out in front of his face, holding the newspaper in his hand. “You ruin all my fun, Rogers,” Natasha muttered into her freshly buttered toast.
Peter looked at it curiously before tentatively sticking his tongue out to touch it. Once his tongue made contact with the squished fruit, it quickly recoiled back into his mouth. “Peter, you like bananas.” Tony insisted. Peter, stubborn as always, pushed his face away from the spoon. “Care for a try?” Tony asked Steve who took the spoon from him and sat on Tony’s lap and faced Peter.
“What. A. Flirt.” he joked, smiling at the man.
“I think I’ve been in love with you since you shot down Rumlow to save me.” He admitted, letting his hands rest on Tony’s waist. “The way you carried yourself that night, confident, unafraid of anything. And the fact that you outsmarted all of us by placing a tracker in your book… it completely blew my mind. At first, everyone was telling me not to pursue this. It was too dangerous. You were a civilian, you were in the public eye, and you would distract me. Part of the reason why I kept putting you on missions was to prove your usefulness to the team. If they thought that you were resourceful instead of just distracting, then they would have a better time warming up to you. And it seemed to work. The Hulk seems to like talking to you more than most of us, and Hawkeye asked me what he should get you for your birthday, even though it’s not for another month… So far Winter Soldier needed to most convincing, but Tony, love, you are part of the family. You earned you spot one hundred times over. And every day I thank whoever's listening that I ignored my stupid friends and we pursued this… It’s just that since that night in the warehouse... I knew that I needed you in my life. I wanted to know more.
Tony huffed, rolling his eyes, “Everything I’ve
“Damn,” ‘Clyde’ muttered, rubbing his forehead against Tony’s, “The things you do to me, Barbie.”
“Are you just going to tell her or are you going to give her something. If you want, we could make her cookies? Or you could make her a homemade card? I bet Gwen would really like that.”
“So now he’s ‘my son’?” Steve joked as he walked over to Peter and bent down so they were at the same level. “Did Daddy do something funny?” He asked a very giggly Peter. “Huh? Did Daddy do something funny?” He asked again as he reached his hands under the plastic tray in the height chair and started tickling his son’s belly. “What did Daddy do?”
Closing the front door behind him, he left the grand home for the last time, practically running to his car parked down the street.
“Aw, I’m sorry, Pete. How about you show Daddy what you learned today? Hm?” Tony bent down and placed Peter on the carpet. The babe only looked at the ground before raising his hands, wanting to be picked up once more.
“YAY!” Peter yelled, letting go of Tony and began jumping up and down. “I have to tell you this joke Ned told me! It’s really funny! So a gorilla and a panda…”
thing.”
“No,” Tony whispers, adorable brown doe eyes wide. “No, that’s not–”
His eyes squeeze shut, tears leaking out and sliding off his face messily. He doesn’t notice when one of Steve’s hands pulls away. He doesn’t notice it when he reaches up, not until it’s too late.
Thanos?
“No.”
It was a moment suspended in time. Frozen, like he had been. A moment when emotion and reason felt so far away, and there was only the harsh sound of Steve’s heavy breaths as he stared down at his shield buried in the face of Howard’s son.
There was a pardon for all the rogue Avengers who survived, but … really, that just meant Steve.
The sight of him in the chair, sweaty and blissed out, utterly spent, makes him ache sweetly. But he can take care of himself later.
. He’s not sure Tony knows, either.
It looks like they’ll need the restraints again.
In the next few hours, Steve braces himself for anything. Any state of mind that might greet him when the sedatives wear off and Tony wakes up again. The nurses try talking him into going home once, after visiting hours were over, telling him he needs to at least eat something, but he doesn’t go. He can’t. What if Tony isn’t there when he gets back? What if a complication occurs while he’s out? What if he wakes up screaming again?
sounds, as if Tony’s trying to say something, but Steve just smiles and kisses him on the nose.
Quill squinted at him. “Excuse me? Yeah, it’s the Captains job. And I’m the Captain. So
to make sure all drones were cleared and destroyed in efforts to help Sokovia. He hated it when shit fell through the cracks. It was always messy. That’s why he liked to do things himself.
“Aw, Rogers, you’re so sweet, I bet you remember everyone’s birthday without Facebook reminders, huh?” Even though Tony joked about it he knew it was true. Cap didn’t even answer, just held onto him and stared down with a mild look of fascination. As much flack as Steve gave him for their impromptu flying escapades, he seemed to enjoy seeing the city from so far up. Finally, Tony approached the landing pad of Avengers Tower. He gently put Steve down as his own feet clanked loudly against the landing platform. The protocol was initiated to begin taking off his suit, and so as he walked beside Rogers, JARVIS took the Iron Man armor off of him piece by piece via mechanisms that came from the platform and rotated around him. As the pieces disappeared and he was his normal—much shorter—self again. He stretched his arms up over his head and then scratched his beard, happy to be out of the suit. It was nice and had air conditioning and all that, but he was still glad to be free of the confines.
Cap blinked once, still looking tense. “No, I don’t think so.”
“Believe it or not this wasn’t really intentional. I didn’t know what to expect until I suddenly realized what I wanted.”
Quill came over, “Hey, hey, hey, who’s Sif?”
A few hours later, they’d watched two strange short films and one completely bizarre cartoon. Happy got up to go to the bathroom as Peter flipped through the choices.
“Mmm…that’s right…” Stark hummed, reaching a hand down to lightly grasp and play with his own member. “Did that fight turn you on? Or do you just get all hot when I carry you?” He could feel Steve had already worked in a second finger, and thank god, because he didn’t want to wait. One of Steve’s hands was occupied with stretching his ass while the other was squeezing and kneading Tony’s plush ass cheeks. He moaned at the sensation, breath coming heavier because he knew what was coming.
Steve shook his head sadly, “Poor guy.”
Peter wiped tears from his eyes and nodded rapidly, sniffling and trying to keep it under control. “I can’t believe this is actually happening. I’m going to make you so proud.”
Peter snorted and laughed, “Please don’t?”
“I am beyond glad for you Steve, I think it’s sweet. Even if it’s weird,” Nat came and patted his arm. He smiled at her until she left to go work on actual Avengers business.
“Mr. Stark, incoming message from Nebula. She says they’re coming in for a landing.”
“I know you better than anyone else left on this planet, you can’t lie to me.”
There was a polite-but-loud knock echoing from the front door.
Cap reached for his door but Tony quickly said, “Ah! Hey, I have to open that for you.”
Steve blushed giving Iron Man such a chastising and cute look it should have been illegal, “Tony.”
“Awh, is this your way of coming out to me?” Peter could tell Tony was enjoying this way too much, he felt like jumping out of the window. He already knew Tony didn’t care if he was gay or not by him casually dropping it into a conversation one day when discussing Tony’s exes…He thought it was to avoid an actual coming out talk.
“There’s not.”
“Okay, I’ll give you that,” Tony just shook his head. “What do we need to clear up for you so that we can go back to bed?”
She waved her hands, “I’ll tell you all about that later.” She grabbed a huge bag and threw it over her shoulder. “Let’s go home! I heard about New Asgard. Tell me everything.”
“Been putting Peter through school. Making new tech. Constantly being 100% cooler than the other parents. Right, Pete?”
“This has been one of the best nights of my life. Thank you, I mean it,” Cap smiled at him in this way that made him wonder if Cap was happy or sad. It was a melancholy smile that made Tony flush from the sheer sincerity.
Meanwhile, he heard Friday reiterate that no one was home to their unwanted guest. Peter heard Captain Rogers calling, “Hello? Is Tony there?”
Much to his surprise, Steve did spank him again, pulling a loud noise from Stark’s throat. Once Steve had worked in three fingers, he began to rapidly stroke Tony’s prostate, just because he knew it felt good to him. Tony’s legs were weak and he keened into the countertop, hand on his own member stalling. “You’re so good with your hands...”
Steve laughed, his eyebrows going up. “Not likely. Unless I can’t do my job anymore.”
“Yeah?” Steve threw his arm over the back of the couch and looked up at Tony, still smirking.
Steve had his hands on his hips, looked down at the door and then at Tony over the hood of the car.
With a new Asgardian in their roster, they all hopped back in the ship and left the beautiful vistas of Aedi behind.
Although it was hard for him to be too sad with that image of Cap’s wet, parted lips still burned into his brain. And that fucking expression of
Tony rolled his eyes. “God, you are so old. Next I’ll be seeing minions on your Facebook.”
They all walked into the snazzy country club and had a fantastic dinner, small-talking like nothing had changed. It was surreal for all of them, Steve was certain. Every now and then there’d be a small shift in their conversation that bordered on uncomfortable, but that was to be expected. As Steve ate his steak and watched Peter and Tony laugh together, he was more assured than ever that even though the Avengers had failed, the world could continue.
Quill thought she looked like a badass. She was pretty hot actually. Oh no…He felt it suddenly…
“Friday…er…what time is it?” He groaned, head pounding, body weighing a million pounds. That was the last time he was
“Steve.”
“Which was…”
Steve smirked with one side of his mouth. It was a lovely thing, and suddenly Tony felt exceptionally proud of him. “Why don’t you go tell Nat or Sam? It’ll make you feel better, I promise.”
Tony took a deep breath and turned to glance at Steve before staring at the road intensely. “I did think about it.”
“If he, ever hurts you—” Quill nodded is head in tune with the beat. “True love won’t desert you…You know, I still love you!” Star-Lord drew his hands into fists and started more forcefully nodding his head. “Now we touched and went our separate ways. Dun dun dun dun…dun..” High at the top of his voice he began singing the medley of the guitar. The guy was clearly off in his own world fist-pumping and playing the music so loudly Nebula could barely hear herself think.
“I’m Nebula.”
“Yeah,” he breathed, swallowing thickly and absentmindedly playing with a part of Steve’s shirt.
Steve nodded, eyes smile-crinkling, “Sounds fair. It’s pretty big.”
“Yeah,” Quill said, head following Thor when he strode away to the wall the music-player was plugged into. “Also it’s not about Bohemians man.”
Steve smiled easily, hopping off of his board and splashing in the shallow water once he was close enough. It didn’t matter how sunny it was though, people flocked to the beach anyway. He saw them all swimming, sun bathing, or sitting on the pier.
“Well I did go to HQ and ask him to give me your stealth suit. Couldn’t find the damn thing by myself. I’m making some improvements.”
“And the drones?”
“I get it,” Steve said.
Tony had always liked Steve. He knew for a fact that if he’d found out Cap was gay earlier than 2016, he might have tried to get in his pants.
Finally, when they made it to the car, Tony leaned on the hood and asked, “Ready to head home?”
“I’ve got to leave soon, I’d really love to stay, but duty calls,” Tony said, licking his fingers and trying hard to pretend Cap’s gaze didn’t have a physical weight to it.
“Yeah, really. Now.”
The pair had just entered the living room when Friday spoke to them.
“Hey kids,” he greeted, sipping his drink and offering them all a friendly expression (well mostly Nat and Cap). It was the first time he’d seen Nat since Christmas.
The moment he was out of the room Tony’s mind went straight back to what had happened. He was gonna fry the fucker that tried to blow up his baby himself if he had too. He felt a squeeze on his arm and looked to see Cap’s kind expression directed his way. He crossed his arms and leaned back into his chair. As he boiled in his chair, Nat stood and cleared their plates and bowls.
“Uh, hi,” Quill said stupidly.
"Sir, you said it was quote, unquote, 'Alright, because it's just a lame-ass quick Skype call.'"
Steve nodded, “I can do that.”
Once they had their hugs, all the Avengers hopped in their respective vehicles and they all drove to Avengers HQ to meet back up (the Guardians were carpooling with Bucky in his nice four-doored truck). When they arrived back at HQ, a party set up by Tony was in full-swing. There was music playing, food everywhere, and a big cake. All of the Avengers and Guardians were just so proud of the kid, and it was rare they ever got to celebrate something like this these days. It was really nice.
“Ohhh. Papa doesn’t like that game either,” Steve said to Peter. Suddenly, Peter stopped laughing and soon his eyes began to fill with tears and the air was pierced with a high pitched cry. “Aw, no sweetie, don’t cry. Papa isn’t mad. I’m not.”
The world seemed to be in an uproar when they found out that the one-and-only Tony Stark was officially married. Many people were happy for him, but many were also upset that they hadn’t known. The people wanted to see a superhero wedding, after all. Tony hasn’t been seen in New York since, however, sources claim that he has been traveling back-and-forth from the Avenger’s Compound to Stark Industries for meetings, conferences, and testings.
Little did Tony know, Steve was hiding out in a small hostel, five states away, staring at the same exact picture. Even though the photo was bent and scraped up, and the crisp edges turned round from being constantly removed from its place in Steve’s wallet, he always carried it with him. This photo was too valuable. Too important. Steve knew that it was dangerous to carry personal items with him, but it didn’t matter. He stared at that picture every night, thinking about how he broke the heart of the man he loves most in the world, and how he would do anything to fix it.
didn’t make Tony want to desperately bend over the table in front of him. Nope. Not at all.
“Well overall,” Sam said as he crashed onto the couch, “I think I did a good job. I’d be a pretty great babysitter, ya know if I needed to change careers.”
“And what? You’re saying that you’ve never killed anyone?” The brunette scoffed, “Yeah, I thought so.” Tony didn’t understand what all the fuss is about. These gang members are responsible for countless deaths, the dozen dead bodies surrounding him only prove his point.
The two smiled into their kisses, giggling as they went, whispering sappy thoughts to make the other smile even wider.
“I can’t wait for you to be ‘the cool parent’ when Peter starts dating.”
“Hey bud, there’s no reason to cry,” he said as he wiped the tears off of Peter’s cheek. “We left all the scary Avengers in the other room.” After a few minutes, Peter’s tears began to subside. “Are you feeling better? I know they didn’t mean to overwhelm you back there, everyone was just excited to see you.”
He hoped that day would come soon, but didn’t expect it to happen.
“Stark, wake up!”
After hiding in Avengers Compound for over a week, the pair finally agreed to verify their relationship for the world.
………….
“I love you too,” Tony said, pressing his lips against Steves.
“Oh my God! This is ridiculous.” He huffed, letting his head fall against the back of his chair.
And that’s what makes all this so much harder.
“Remind me again why you waited two days until Christmas to find Peter a gift?” Pepper asked as she and Tony looked at the selection of baby clothes in Macy’s.
“I missed it?” Steve must have been too excited to hear the sudden melancholy that had seeped into his voice.
“Hate to break it to you Cap, but you need to fire your welcoming committee.” Tony rubbed his sore wrists, the red marks left indentations in his skin. “Now I believe that belongs to me.” He nodded his head towards the Captain's hands.
“Again, rude,” Tony muttered. “But I get what you mean.” They walked another few blocks in silence before stumbling upon Stark Tower. When they walked in, they were greeted by the security guards before getting in the elevator and heading up to the penthouse. “Do you think Peter remembers us?” Tony wondered while they listened to elevator music from the 40s, which Steve insisted was always played.
“Yeah well I wasn’t really planning to spend my Saturday night watching scum get shot and killed in an abandoned warehouse, but here I am. And by the way- abandoned warehouse? Can you get any more typical? Cause I’m getting serious 1930s mobster vibes.”
Peter smiled and erupted in a small fit of laughter.
Tony closed his eyes and took deep breaths. He stayed like that for a while, hoping that eventually his mind would shut down and he would drift off into a peaceful sleep. But sleep didn’t come.
“When Daddy first told you that he liked you, did you tell him that you liked him back?”
“Mr. Rogers, I am so sorry, but your son and Mr. Leeds just ran out of the building.” His teacher said, out of breath, once Steve reached the three of them.
“Peter, don’t you want the banana? It tastes really good.” He put the bit of banana that was on the spoon in his mouth and made very dramatic noises. “That was delicious!” He scooped a little bit from the bowl and put it on the spoon. “Do you want some?” He held the spoon in front of Peter who pushed his face in the other direction. “Okay,” He put the spoon in his mouth again. “Yum.” He smiled at Peter. “This is really good.”
“Peter, don’t cry.”
“Can my friend come over tomorrow?” Peter's chocolate brown eyes widened as he looked towards his dad.
“I said I’m fine, Steve,” The brunette voice had an underlining edge to it that he wasn’t expecting. Tony looked at Peter before walking out of the room and Steve heard the faint click of their bedroom doors closing.
Steve crouched down so he was eye level with his son. “Peter, do you remember what we talked about?” Peter’s brown curls shook as he nodded his head. “And what was that?”
“He sorta just said his first word!”
Tony cast one last look toward ‘Clyde’, willing himself not to let any of those tears that were traveling to the surface of his eyes, escape. He knew this was going to happen, he knew it. And ‘Clyde’ would get over him soon enough. He’d have to find a new man who excels in thievery and a new fuck-buddy, but he would adapt. He’d do well for himself.
“You know,” Steve paused, swallowing his food, “For years you raved about the Italian food in this restaurant, and you bought pizza. You know that you can get that anywhere else in the city for a fraction of the price, right?”
And the day after that.
“I love you,” Tony whispered, the words barely making any sound as they passed his lips.
“Since that wasn’t a clear answer on the blindfold and I really don’t want to wear that sack of death any time soon, I think I’ll just wait  here a little while longer.” He leaned back against his chair and smiled slightly to the Captain who, oddly enough, blushed in response.
“Steve,” Steve brought his hands down and very gently picked Tony off of the floor. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist as they moved, tucking his forehead into his neck. When Steve reached the foot of the bed, he turned so he could sit, his body sinking down into the mattress as Tony remained clinging to him like a koala. “You know I love you too, right?” He asked after a few minutes of silence.
“Tony-”
Once Tony came back from Siberia, he wasn’t seen leaving the Compound for almost a month. The press and the public didn’t know many details, but they did know that Steve Rogers was a fugitive of the law. So from the very moment that Tony Stark returned to the public eye, he was bombarded with questions surrounding Steve. The press wanted to know every single juicy detail concerning the A-list couple’s breakup. The world wanted to know as much as they could surrounding the destruction of the world mightiest heroes.
“Well last night, I took something from you and you got it back. Now the last time I saw you, something of mine went missing,” He held out his hand, palm up, “I want my property."
Tony may have had his heart broken by Steve, but if he had the choice, he would go back to him every. single. damn. time.
Tony smiled as he looked at the picture. It amazed him that, after only meeting Peter twenty minutes earlier, his heart was already filled with so much love. He looked at Steve’s smile in the photo and he felt like he was falling in love with him all over again.
Tony smirked at the surprised look on his handsome face. “Hey there Clyde,” He ignored the sudden influx of loaded guns facing him, “now we’re even.”
“This thing on?” He asked his helmet, as though expecting FRIDAYS modulated voice to emanate from the speakers. Instead, the broken remains of his red and gold helmet stared back at him. He tapped the cracking metal carefully and a light cast itself from inside. With trembling fingers, he pressed record.
“Anytime, Captain.”
He put some on the spoon again and didn’t offer any to Peter. As the spoon was about to pass Steve’s lips again, Peter opened his mouth. Steve chuckled before putting the end of the spoon in Peter’s mouth. It took a few minutes, but Peter finally swallowed the little bit of banana and opened his mouth for more.
“So how do you want to tell Gwen that you like her?”
By the time Tony opened his crusted eyes, the light poured in from the windows and cast itself into his view. He sighed, snuggling further into his blankets when suddenly the gears in his brain started turning and his memories from last night/early this morning can back to him.
When they walked into a private room their eyes were immediately drawn to the sleeping boy, wrapped in several blankets, being held by a middle-aged woman on the other side of the room.
Bending down, Tony wiped some dust off Rumlows face. “Yeah, he’s the head of Pierce’s personal Strike Team... Sorry about your assessment dude but he’s pretty high up in the ranks and you’re about five years off.” Brushing his hands together, Tony stood up, his knees cracking as he did. “Sorry to break it to you Captain, but if he was here, then Pierce really wants you off his ass.”
Regretfully he said, “Yes,” angry at how his quivering voice betrayed him.
The Captain and his team looked like they wanted to speak, but didn’t know what to say. They kept shooting looks back and forth between Tony and Rumlow.
“Thank you, Peter.”
Banana’s then became Peter’s favorite food.
“How did you first tell Papa that you liked him?”
As Steve tucked into bed, he thought about Peter proudly tucking his homemade card, full of glitter and stickers, into the folder in his backpack. Once the cookies came out of the oven and cooled down, Steve set aside half, and put those in a small Tupperware container and placed it next to Peter’s lunchbox so he will remember to take them to school.
“Sorry about this Stark, but you don’t get to complain.”
“-act like,” he faltered, “...what?”
“That I had to wait for you to come into the school to pick me up before I left the building.” He muttered.
Then another.
Steve looked up from his newspaper and over toward his son whose mouth was filled with a spoonful of Cheerios. “Peter I told you,” he said as he wiped the milk off his son's chin, “don’t talk with your mouthful.” Steve watched as his son carefully chewed and swallowed his food before continuing
But Tony had an idea. A stupid, most likely pointless idea. With shaking fingers, he reached out and grabbed the mask and placed it in front of him.
"Don't insult me," He scoffed, "Of course I did."
Tony couldn’t answer. He just couldn’t.
“When I drift off, I will think about you.” He hasn’t spoken to Steve in two years. After everything that went down in Siberia, he knew that if he reached out to Steve, then he would fall back into his arms without a second thought. He knew that he would do anything for Steve, and Steve would do anything for him. But wasn’t that the problem? Steve broke his heart. But every time his heart gets pieced back together, it seems to beat for Steve. For years he tried his best to not think about him. But now, floating in space until he dies in a matter of hours, he doesn’t want to think about anything else.
While he had a point, it’s just something that Tony has been doing since he was younger. It started as a kid, stealing from his mother's jewelry box or snatching his father's newest tie clip. Then he got ballsier after being sent away to boarding school and would rifle through students backpacks in the locker room. And once he got to college, that’s when the real fun started. To most people there, he was just some spoiled rich kid who got accepted because of his name, not his mind. Even though he was only fifteen when he went to school, it didn’t matter to them. They didn’t think he had any real skill so he worked on perfecting his skills. Just not the skills they thought. And when one of their bracelets went missing or their shoes… well, who would expect him to be behind the thievery? “There is something so exhilarating about it. I just can't stop.” Tony reached out towards the Captain's wrist, which was lying face down on the mahogany surface, and glided his fingers over the surface of his watch. “I don’t want to.”
“I am. Always am. Now, with Peter finishing up his degrees the kid’s never home. Pretty sure Tony needs me.”
Tony suddenly barked at hearing his very English assistant curse. "Really? Was that the night I drank those whiskey gummy bear shooters?"
Steve furrowed his eyebrows and then shook his head, huffing an amused noise as he sat. “I’m good, Tony,” Cap had the ghost of a smile on his face even as he ate his chili. The snow was really coming down outside. The house was nice and toasty, and the fireplace was still going strong. Tony looked up to watch the other man quietly eat his chili, those beautiful blues focused on the bowl of fruit in the middle of the table. Shit if Cap didn’t look gorgeous, even stuffing his face.
Tony’s heart was slowing a little and he finally felt like he had control of his breathing again. “Don’t be an asshole Rogers,” Stark chuckled, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck and just exhaling all the air he’d been keeping. His body felt heavy and he felt lazy, like a big satisfied cat.
“Nothing’s going on. How are you, blondie?”
“He seemed to think you were making something for me.”
Tony was startled but pleased as hell that he didn’t have to walk him through this or do it all himself—hopefully—and so he took a deep breath, letting Cap get a feel for it. Tony pushed up Cap’s shirt, leaning down and kissing one of his pecks, then a nipple. Cap’s index finger slowly rubbed down Tony’s ass until he felt the small give of his rim. He circled his finger experimentally, switching between his middle and index. Tony could tell he was figuring it out, and he’d allow the slower pace for now. He was preoccupied with kissing and sucking at Cap’s marvelously plush chest. God, he could die here.
“I want this. You’d know if I didn’t,” Tony said, gaze steady. He knew Cap was old-fashioned, but the other man clearly wanted it too, if his grip and not-so-small hard-on were anything to go by.
“Mmh,” she gasped harshly against his mouth, kissing his him gently now that she wasn’t so desperate for him. He kissed her back, putting her leg down, and just standing there kissing her for a moment. He parted their kiss to bite her neck, his metal hand slapping her right thigh. She giggled hoarsely, playing with his bun.
“Drugs. Jesus,” she sighed, looking around their mess. There was still some settling white powder where Nat had kicked a guy who was sorting baggies into a table. “I’ll call this in, see what the government wants to do about it.”
“I got it!" he called, smiling wide at the brunette. Nodding at him in greeting, he walked up the boardwalk and stood in front of him. The blonde noticed the other man was shorter by quite a few inches but his height wasn’t what he was focusing on. This man was stocky, fit, a little hairy, and his face was handsome, even if it seemed more aged than his own. The brunette looked kind of like he didn't belong there. Steve was actually having a bit of trouble not smirking at how out-of-place it was to see someone so short with so much anger in a calm little beach town.
Jammers are my own creation.
Stark moaned quietly when Steve kissed him back, his tongue immediately slipping in to play. Steve kissed him sweetly at first, lips moving warmly over his. He met his sweet kiss with one of hunger, tilting his head and kissing Steve more deeply. Rolling their hips together and taking a large breath through his nose, Tony quietly let himself groan into Steve’s mouth. Even with all of that tactical gear on he could feel how hard Steve was. When even slightly turned on, Steve went from 0 to 100 real quick. It was the best, at least in Tony’s opinion.
Tony’s lips parted a little, “Excuse me?” When the actual fuck did Steve get this smooth? In his own dojo? “You smooth fucker,” Tony said exasperatedly.
“That’s when I said, why don’t we just scrap the carbide, and substitute the alien stuff? Like, that Starguy said we’d get a few I.O.U.s! And that’s how I helped make—ta-daa!”
A humongous
“I thought this was someone else’s, oh my god!” Peter hopped on it and squeaked whenever Steve threw him the keys. “Thank you!”
“It’s a formal date. I want a suit you haven’t worn to ten funerals. You need a modern, tasteful suit anyway. Get with the times, already,” Tony could tell for some reason he was winning this battle. Cap seemed less and less startled. In fact, he looked relaxed. This was good, very good.
He could tell by way Steve was kissing him that he was more relaxed and sated, either with this whole situation or just in the moment. Tony didn’t know, and he didn’t care, all he cared about was that Steve Roger’s was straddling him and kissing him like no one else existed, and he couldn’t get enough of it.
Rubbing a hand up and down his face, Tony got up so fast his head lurched. “What?”
“Yeah?”
Nebula looked at Quill and just sighed, “Thank you, Tony. Send us that date. We will be available if you need anything.” She slapped Thor aggressively in his man boob and he stood up.
Tony bit his lip for a second before sitting with half of his butt on a stool and watching Cap.
“Hmph, I’m excited you two are trying something new.”
It was a Monday, but that didn’t really matter. Every day was blending together after the Battle of Wakanda—the Snap or the Blip as some of the younger people called it. He sipped his coffee, letting the steam moisten his noise, the taste reminding him of better times. Occasionally, he’d just eat or drink or do something that reminded him of what it was like before. A simple cup of coffee was a great way of boosting his mood. It reminded him of his mother—who somehow managed to keep the stuff in the house even during The Great Depression.
“No, Tony.”
“Well, uh, Tony is taking me on a date.”
“Yeah?”
“You’re coming in?”
“I usually am,” Tony said, getting a huge ego boost—that he didn’t need—from being able to make Captain Freaking America come like a champ. His Captain. He was his best friend and they were extremely attracted to each other no doubt, but whatever was happening between them…it was really nice, it was really exciting, and he actually felt honored that Steve trusted him enough to be with him like this. They didn’t have a word for what they were yet, but that was okay. It was new, it was comforting, and maybe they were just two lonely dudes trying to make it work. He set his chin on Cap’s peck, just looking up at his cute closed eyes, wondering how he felt about all this.
Tony responded ‘Language’ in the comment section and the internet wouldn’t stop freaking out.
The door behind him creaked open and Tony turned his head to the side to see The Captain walk into the room, holding the book in his large, calloused hands. “Sorry about that.” He said, pulling a knife out of thin air and bending down to cut the zip ties. “Everyone was just being extra cautious.”
When they got off the elevator, they noticed that all the lights were off and it was dark except for the faint glow which was cast from the television.
This was definitely one of the reasons Tony was excited for the Avengers to move into the compound upstate. He yearned for the privacy it would provide. But in the meantime, he had to continue to go outside wearing a baseball hat and sunglasses, and avoid the people poking and prodding at his life. Oh well, he could wait another two weeks.
Tony watched as the man across the room, hidden within the shadows, nearly invisible to the naked eye, went down like a dead weight. The blonde man before him, whose back faced the hidden man from the shadows, wiped his head towards Tony.
Tony scoffed. “Do you know who I am? Do you really need to ask?”
“I miss him.” Steve said, “We saw him only a few hours ago. How is it possible to miss someone so much?”
“That’s Brock Rumlow,” Tony said.
“Hammer is all talk with no real bite.” The blonde guaranteed. “Besides,” he leaned in close, placing a feather-light kiss on his ear, lightly nibbling on his earlobe, “How could he say no to you, especially in that suit.”
By the time Tony had finished the article, he was about to hand it back to Natasha when he noticed that Steve was reading it over his shoulder. When Steve finished, he slumped against the back of his chair and bit into a bright red apple. The crisp sound it made as Steve bit into it pierced the air. Tony stared at the way his jaw moved back and forth as he chewed the fruit, the bob of his Adam's apple as he swallowed. When he bit into it again, a small amount of juice trickled down, towards his bottom lip, only to be stopped as the tip of Steve’s wet, pink tongue reached out the stop it.
If the man can’t even trust him with something as simple as where he lives, then they would never get to a place where he would trust Tony fully. Let alone even tell him his name.
Peter rocked his head back and forth and he chewed and swallowed. Once he was done he quickly said, “I wanna tell Gwen I like her.”
“Not that I’m not thrilled about this outing, because I am, but this isn’t really how I pictured our date going.”
