. And you were
“Cas," said Dean, hoping he was reading the situation right. "Can you bamf us someplace private until the coast is clear and I can go pick up my car? Someplace we can get you cleaned up? Don't know if your angel mojo needs to recharge or what. But…” If he was going to do something about that future, he needed to know
When Cas was finally done, he ran a thumb over Dean's bottom lip. "Ambrosia."
, both of you, and I love you so much."
Jimmy looked up. Dean had thought he'd seen Jimmy smile before. He'd been wrong.
Jimmy looped his arms around Dean’s neck, leaning against his chest and curling up tighter into his lap. He closed his eyes. Looked about ready to fall asleep right there, in Dean's arms.
I was meaning to tell you. Castiel and I did this experiment earlier, around the time he - well, around the time he was sucking your cock. Turns out, he can absolutely manually relax discrete muscle groups!"
good." Dean tried to catch his breath, "How are you so good at that?"
"Yeah. And, uh - when he's not driving, how much is Jimmy..." Dean angled his head, trying to catch a glimpse behind Cas' eyes. "Around? I'm just kind of, you know... asking."
Castiel smiled. "We would like you to continue."
Cas' hand was on his hip, body following all his movements. "Is it good, Dean?"
Someone was saying something. Dean needed to figure out which way was up before he risked swimming even further down.
He carefully placed his hands in Dean's.
had to know he was angry now.
should be kissing you."
Dean was so in love. He'd never been this in love before. He rose up to pull Jimmy to him. They kissed softly, in each other's arms. Not going further. Not needing too.
or worse. Look at him with pity.
"We take this as slow as we need to. And that’s not a stupid question. It’s a good question. I’ve been with Cas in this body. I haven’t been with you. So I get to learn what you like all over again.”
Dean turned back to Jack, “Alright, you.” Dean scooped Jack into his arms and headed for the door. “Can you say thank you to Jody?”
Later, when they were curled together in Dean’s bed, Dean spoke quietly into the darkness, “I read in my dad’s journal that for the year after Mom died I didn’t speak. I guess I’ve never been good with words, but especially after something tragic, you know? I’m sorry I didn’t say anything sooner. I was just scared. I didn’t want to lose you or Jack. Not when I was so close to having everything I’d ever wanted. I tried, though, to show you.”
“We could just never tell him,” Castiel echoed Dean’s own words teasingly.
“Oh, he decided to use his grace to help a spirit cross over, even though I told him it would be embarrassing if I had to carry him out of his coworkers house,” Dean’s words had a playful tone of annoyance that Castiel suspected was covering up his lingering concern.
“Thank you,” Abby said, “she’s so stubborn she’s been trying to figure it out herself through youtube videos. I’m afraid she’s actually going to hurt herself.” She rolled her eyes but the smile on her face was fond even as she complained about her girlfriend’s stubbornness.
Castiel laughed too, “Dean did make sure to get a photo before we tackled cleaning him up.”
Sam had sputtered for a second as he’d seemed to struggle to keep up with that was happening. “Can’t someone else handle it? I thought we were taking a break,” he’d finally said, looking pointedly at Jack.
Abby reached her arm around Leah’s shoulder comfortingly as Castiel exchanged a significant look with Dean.
Castiel was surprised by how quickly Dean let him take the lead, as one kiss turned to more, and more, and more, allowing Castiel to set the pace instead of Dean showing his usual need for control as Castiel climbed into his lap.
“I wish I could be a fly on the wall of this lunch,” Claire had said as they were getting ready to leave. “I’d love to see you two trying to act like normal people.”
“Do you have a card or something for his shop?” Abby asked. “Leah’s been complaining about this rattling noise in her car for weeks but she refuses to bring it anywhere because she’s convinced that every mechanic she’s ever been to is a scam artist. You didn’t marry a scam artist, right?”
“I think I’d like more explanation,” Leah said, her face pale. “How did you… do that?”
Cas squeezed his hand, “I can do most of the talking if you’d like.”
“There is no other human on earth who I would rather be with,” Castiel said, wishing that Dean would believe him. “I choose you in whatever capacity you’ll have me, every time.”
They were meeting the girls at a gastropub near the campus where Cas worked. It was a bit hipster for Dean’s taste, but they had agreed that having this conversation at a neutral location where it wouldn’t be easy to overhear was the best choice. Plus, the reviews online claimed the place had great burgers and Dean was hoping they were right as he browsed the menu while he and Cas waited for Abby and Leah to arrive.
“There is definitely a spirit here,” Castiel muttered in Dean’s ear as Abby led them back toward the kitchen. “It doesn’t feel outwardly malevolent, however.”
“I wonder where he possibly could’ve learned that from,” Castiel said with a smirk.
“Thank you Dean, however I don’t believe you can make a mocha cookie frappucino.”
“Sweet dreams, Dean. I love you,” Castiel felt a sense of giddiness in being able to finally say those words as freely as he wanted.
They hadn’t talked about it yet. Dean hadn’t said anything close to the words that echoed in his heart, but he’d tried to show it. Make Cas feel it, feel at home.
“M’ going on a milk run, need anything?” Dean said, regretting having asked already. Sam loved to give him a long list of crap.
“I wanted the keys Cas, but this works too,” Dean said, smirking.
“Cas...” he said breathlessly.
“Okay, you can read it now,” Cas said pressing his mouth to Dean’s forehead before rolling himself unto the ground next to him.
A blur from the passenger window
“So yeah Cas... I think I can let my husband drive my baby.” He grinned.
“Morning sunshine.”
Today Dean was in the garage giving baby a wash like he usually did after longer trips like the one they had just come back from so Cas knew exactly where Dean would be, he’d be laser-focused on getting all the grime off the rims and fender.
They lost themselves in the moment , letting themselves get completely absorbed into the rhythm of their thrust of their breathing of the sweat dripping from their skin.
Kissing Cas.
Sam was safe, happy and grossly in love with Eileen. Dean was so proud of him….and Cas, Cas looked peaceful and at home with the stars in his eyes and for the most part, Dean didn’t constantly feel the crushing weight of all his past mistakes. He’d really been making an effort since Cas had come back, he’d cut back on drinking and did a lot more soul searching on what he truly wanted to do with his freedom, with his life.
Jimmy looked
"You have meaningful conversations in your car.”
Now there was a thought. Maybe the guy was still around haunting people. Maybe Dean could fill him full of rock salt. But he was distracted, by the feeling of Jimmy's body pressing up, and then back down against him.
"Yeah. And I'm staying for as long as you'll have me. Sorry I scared you."
"Yes. Absolutely.” No hesitation. “I know it's not a punishment, or a bribe. I know who I'm with. I know you're going to stay."
"I just want you to hold me." It was too much to ask, Dean knew. "Please. That's all. Just... don't leave me. I don't want to wake up alone." His chest was tight with fear, and he looked at Jimmy. Trying to say with eyes what he couldn’t say with his words.
“I will never drop you,” he said. “Do you agree?”
And so what if it was in a dimension Dean couldn't perceive?
"My... vessel thinks that's funny. He says he is too much of a..." Cas paused. "Too much of a 'chicken' for drugs."
"I promise not to make fun of you if you put me on speakerphone."
“When we have more experience and lube, I know I'm going to want that gorgeous dick of yours inside me. I'm not ready yet, but it’s been a fantasy.”
," he said again.
Dean let go and stood back up, to hold Jimmy. "Good. I want to do this right. Anything you definitely don't want me to do? Other than anything painful, obviously. Because I was talking to Cas and well... you're right. He
Jimmy softly kissed Dean's throat.
Dean tried to think of a way to explain this to someone who hadn’t been through Hell. He didn’t
Cas glanced down. Scooted himself backwards. And then sucked the head of Dean's semi-hard cock into his mouth. Just like he had done with the thumb.
"Is it the kind of thing where if she or Ben were in trouble, she'd be okay with calling you?"
"I was so afraid I wouldn't be able to do any of this for you. Knowing you have Cas..." Dean didn't really want to talk about that right now, and that wasn’t what this was about anyway. It was about Jimmy, and what he needed. "It makes sense that you'd want her to be happy. You're a good man, Jimmy."
"Part your lips, but do not move."
. I just meant the night. I'm not crazy. I know no one wants this."
Jimmy’s fingers curled down to Dean's groin one more time. He shifted position, mostly as an excuse to illustrate how hard he was. "You didn't exactly give us a straight answer," he whispered, kissing Dean’s neck. He gave the inside of the thigh he was holding a quick squeeze. Dean gasped, had to bite his lip to keep from accidentally saying "Daddy" again, like a good boy.
"Holy fuck, Cas!"
"Hey, no. No thesaurus in the bedroom. That's how romance novels happen."
"That thing’s probably gross." Dean threw it on the countertop.
"What if I never totally feel like a person again?" He still couldn't look at him.
It was like someone had poured a bunch of liquid nitrogen into Dean’s veins. Maybe - that didn't have to mean what he thought it meant. There was the kind of fear that kept you from being stupid and the kind that
Dean pulled away. "I’m not done. I think I need to say this. If we're going to do this ever again, I really think I need to say this."
"Maybe the demon blood was good for that."
"We really need to start taking better care of this man. He's barely slept. I don't know when the last time he ate was. And he still hasn't had that shower we promised him. We need to do better, Cas. He never asked for this. He had a life before us..." Dean wasn't sure where he was going with this. It just seemed wrong somehow.
the question?”
Cas says firmly.  “Have coffee instead.”
“Isn’t …?” Castiel prodded when Dean just alternated between gazing at his hands and gazing at the trees.
Dean’s eyebrows practically hit his hairline.  “So for the next few hours, I could just keep going and going and going—”
~ Canto XVI, lines 1-7
barrel at it and kick it in the ass.
The vampire watched from his peripheral vision as shock, hope, fear, and disbelief all chased each other around the lines of the hunter’s dirty, bloody face.  Eventually, his human friend managed to cobble together some sort of counter-statement.
The angel
Dean lays back down and scoots up the bed so he can lay against the pillows.  They’re scratchy, but they’ll do.  He yanks on Cas’s wrist until Cas joins him, pulling the angel into his side until he feels Cas’s head rest on the pocket of his shoulder.
Castiel glanced up at the hunter’s face.  “Yes, Dean?”
Without waiting to see Dean's nod, Sam strides to the front door of the club, throws it open, glares out into the parking lot, and then stalks back to Dean.
“No?” Cas answers, his voice hard and pointed.
Dean wrenches his mouth away from a truly amazing kiss to scold the angel.
“Well, it’s kind of a waste, don’t you think?” Dean asked.  “I mean, you save it up all that angelic repression for how many thousands of years—”
to go after Cas.  Even now, the idea of jumping ship and going home without the angel made his stomach turn and his chest seize up in dread and sadness.  He’d spent most of his time in Purgatory telling himself that it was because Cas was his friend, damn it, his
The angel nodded silently.  When Cas made no further overtures to mention his reason for the impromptu late-night visit, simply leaning against the front of the Impala and starring off into the trees beyond the parking lot, Dean went back to allowing his fingers to glide over the metal strings in a few familiar patterns.  The silence was comfortable for several long moments before Dean got curious.
*****
“—and even with all the – as Claire puts it – ‘rampant eye sex’,” Sam can’t quite manage to keep from pulling a face, “even money was on Cas being the one to actually man up and say something.”
“Hey, I’m not out, but I’m not
“That’s why I couldn’t fuck that kid, Cas.  I would want it to be you.  Your hands on my skin, your mouth, your cock in my hands.  Your voice in my ear, telling me I’m sexy, telling me how much you want me, how good I feel against you.  Did you hear what that kid said about you, Cas?  Did you hear him say that you should beg to hop onto my cock?
The instant Cas finishes speaking, he’s back burying his face between Dean’s cheeks.  This time, it isn’t licks or kisses; the point of Cas’s tongue begins to press inside, slow jabs that eat away at Dean’s resolve as Cas’s stubble scrapes against his skin.  He can’t help it, he whimpers.  He can’t seem to make himself stop the path of his hand either.
Cas tried to look defiant and fell well short of the mark.  “It’s the least I can do, all things considered.”
“So you
Sam leans one elbow on the table, raises an eyebrow at Dean, but Dean doesn't miss the tiny flash of panic in his eyes before he caps it behind a confident smirk.  "Sure, honey," Sam encourages him, clearly believing that Dean has no chance at accuracy, "give me your best shot."
“Something unsettling is moving out in the trees tonight,” Cas said, never taking his sharp, darting eyes off of the shadow-laden trees being swallowed by darkness.  “Something more than just your blood-sucking friend.”
“—the hell you know about the value of life?” he heard the hunter grumble.  “You’re a
“God damn it, Cas,” he growls, slamming his hand against the steering wheel.  “I could have gotten laid tonight.  I could have gotten blown and laid by somebody probably half my age.  And why didn’t I?  Not because it was a guy, which I admit I got comfortable with amazingly fast.  Because of you, you awkward, nerdy, personal-space-disrespecting, I’m Completely Indifferent to Sexual Orientation-spouting
“Or placating a jealous girlfriend, maybe?” Benny put in, simply because he couldn’t resist.
Dean clears his throat.  “Where the hell did you learn that stuff?”
of a tease, as the cliffy is evil and they haven't actually
The first time it happens, it’s a genuine accident.  Dean takes the opportunity of Sam’s extended trip to the library due to shitty Wi-Fi at their hole-in-the-wall motel as an excuse for a little personal “hand-to-hand combat”.  His mind wanders in a completely random, not-at-all-planned direction by sheer happenstance; he’d swear to it on a stack of bibles.  He doesn’t
A/N - I had been kicking around the idea of doing this as a series, with another 5+1 to touch on some of the issues that didn’t have a place in this fic – you’ll see, in upcoming chapters – and possibly an off-shoot story with SB Sam, but I was so afraid that nobody would like him or that people wouldn’t like him enough to want more of him.  The responses to last chapter have given me a lot of encouragement that maybe this would be a thing people would like to see?  If you would like to see this turn into a series, please feel free to say so in the comments.
“What has happened between us has changed everything,” Cas answered evasively.
“It just kills you that he actually enjoys my company, doesn’t it?”
“I believe the wording that my sister Saffiya used was that I had sided with humans, and you in particular, for so long because I was ‘itching to
And please, keep the reviews coming.  I LIVE for your reactions.  Love you all!
Castiel couldn’t stop his brows from pulling together as he frowned.
“I know,” Dean said soothingly, “I know.  But you don’t have to chase after it, okay?  Just relax and let it come to you.  I’ll take care of you.”
Dean’s eyes practically spit flames of wrath and Castiel just stood there, letting the hunter rage at him.
“Oh, dear,” the vampire said slowly and with relish, “hasn’t your babysitter given you a lesson in the birds and the bees yet?”
“Well, he said it in a manner of speaking.”
Yeah, maybe Dean had always known that their ‘bond’ was about seventeen shades of screwed up, but Cas was his best friend.  Whatever meat suit Cas was in, Dean knew that their relationship would probably be just as awkward-slash-powerful as it was now.  Though, thank God that Cas wasn’t still riding around in Jimmy’s daughter, Claire; that would make his current crisis about 1000% more confusing and uncomfortable.
“No more singing?” Dean blurted without thought.
yet.  But I promise, next chapter will be all the Bottom!Dean your smutty little hearts could want.  Bottom!Dean is my favorite Dean, so I hope you enjoy.
He should have seen it coming, really.  Dean Winchester couldn’t have people he cared about.  The world wouldn’t allow him.  Fuck, the only reason why he and Sammy were still together was that God was too much of a fucking sadist to just take pity on them and either leave them the fuck alone or just let them both die.  Sammy was pretty much the only person he had now, and although his brother was
Dean’s joints move stiffly despite Cas’s healing; he wonders if it’s to do with nervousness.  As soon as Dean’s facing the wall, Cas uses his knee to nudge Dean’s legs further apart and now Dean knows it’s nervousness.  Cas smooths his slender body against Dean’s back, and the fact that Dean is only an inch or so taller means that the undeniable hard rise of Cas’s erection slides into the now-open space at the top of his thighs and nudges at the back of his testicles.  Dean’s heart races and his arms twitch at his sides.  He doesn’t want to admit that he’s scared now, but damn it he’s
If he doesn’t, don’t let that stop you.  Find another guy who will.  Or, hell, come back to Atlanta and find me.”
Because I don't want to bias your reactions, the next three chapters will be presented largely without comment.  Except to remind you that this has now been established as a series, so don't forget to subscribe.
*****
Cas is talking to him.  Should probably focus on that.  Can’t seem to.  Maybe Dean had something right when he thought that having sex with Cas might actually do him some harm.  Shit, Cas is starting to look worried.  Better do
“I do want you, if that’s what you mean.”
The hunter’s fingers slipped a bit in their steady rhythm suddenly, and Dean ducked his face and stared determinedly at Castiel’s shoes just before raising his voice in the last verse.
He’s petrified to say it but he leans his forehead against Cas’s cheek where he’s propped his chin on Dean’s shoulder; tries to tell himself that Cas won’t judge him, won’t hurt him.  That this is why Cas is here.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean is speechless.  Honest-to-Chuck, struck dumb.
Castiel’s blood surged at the hunter’s quiet declaration, but it had just as much to do with his heart as his body.  Blunt fingers started their slow slide up and down Castiel’s length again and the angel leaned back against the hunter’s chest, trying to simply let the sensations caress him without straining towards them.  The puff of Dean’s breath against the side of his throat; the scratch of calluses on Dean’s thumb that sent tingles shooting along beneath his skin whenever Dean curled it around the head of his penis; the scrape of cloth against his backside when Dean began to thrust with increasing feverishness into the space between his cheeks; Castiel let it all drag him under, the instincts of his vessel pulling him to an urgency that had Dean babbling in his ear.
“No, Cas, you’re about as overt as a fucking Pride Parade.  Overt is not the problem.”
If he’s really honest with himself, Dean would say that this feels a whole lot less like fucking and a whole lot more like … God, he doesn’t even want to
The fact that a little bit of their normal banter sneaks in squeezes at Dean’s heart and he just has to keep it going.  “So you
“Seriously though, let me get you a drink.  I know the first time at a place like this can be a bit overwhelming.”
A startled bark of laughter tore itself from Dean’s throat.
Something tugged at the edges of Castiel’s lips.  “I know.”
“I’m one of them, Cas,” he moaned into the leaves and leather beneath his head.  “I’ve become one of them.  A mindless monster.”
It didn’t occur to the vampire just how much the angel was giving up until nightfall, three days after the fight that had caused Dean to lose his head in anger.  Benny had set out on his usual rounds guarding wherever they made camp that night, not just for Dean’s safety but to remove himself from the presence of that insufferable angel.  Something about the night just smelled wrong, felt wrong, though, so the vampire had elected not to widen his parole as usual, circling just out of sight in the scrub near the place Dean laid sleeping, looking for the monsters that might sniff out the tasty human bait.   The longer he prowled, the more he expected to see Dean tussling with some creature that had managed to give him the slip and dash into the clearing.  What he most certainly had not expected to see, however, was the angel on his knees next to the sleeping hunter, rocking back and forth and … well, he just plain looked to be sobbing.  Benny moved in closer for a better look.
The angel squinted at him, turning his head to the side to study Dean which, considering the fact that they were laying down, looked just ridiculous enough to tease a grin from Dean’s lips.
“You know, Cas,” Dean said eventually, “if I didn’t know better, I’d think you had a crush on me.”
Instead, he watched the angel saying prayers and laying whatever protection he could upon the space where Dean would eventually return to sleep and Dean thought about what Cas had said.  Waste, he had said, and it seemed to sum up so many sins in their relationship.  Misreading and ignoring all those tugs and pulls between them over all the years they had known each other.  Rationalizing away the swoops in his stomach and heat in his chest when Cas had fixed him with that penetrating stare that seemed to know every inch of his heart.  Laughing off the comments about Cas being in love with Dean, made by pretty much every person or creature that had ever seen the two of them interact.  Working against each other out of fear and insecurity simply to fight the fear of being a burden or being abandoned by the other.  Holding on to those feelings of betrayal and bitter anger because they had been working at cross purposes and neither had possessed the courage to simply open his freaking mouth and ask for help.  Or forgiveness.  Fighting what he had felt since the instant he saw Cas next to that stream, dirty and battered but alive, feeling the fear and desperation that seemed sewed into his muscles melt away and leave nothing but watery relief and sharp, clear joy.  Dean couldn’t help but think that maybe Cas was right: maybe all of this, ever since the first time they locked eyes on each other outside of Hell, was just wasting time until one of them got the nerve to admit what was really going on.  But … could he really do it?  Could he really let all that shit go and just … step over the line?  Dean didn’t know.  He wasn’t sure he had the courage.
“Don’t look at me like that; I didn’t say I agreed with Dad.  In fact, I think I've made it pretty damn clear that I don't.”  Now it’s Sam’s turn to smirk. “And based on the bet I made with Alex, I’m actually coming out on top.”
Dean indulges in another series of surprised blinks before he deletes the message he’d typed in previously and starts a new one.  He hesitates with his thumb over the send button but then figures what the hell, he doesn’t know this chick so no reason not to give his usual amount of sass.
But the more you attempt to goad me into a response, the more determined I will become to make you wait and suffer as I have waited and suffered.  Maybe that’s how I should teach you patience, Dean.  Perhaps instead of using my hands, I should satisfy another curiosity.”
Castiel cast his eyes toward the man sleeping on the hard ground a few feet away from him.  Dean had given him one steely glare a few hours ago when they’d first made camp, then resolutely turned his back to the angel and settled himself at the base of a neighboring tree, bone machete in one hand, demon knife in the other, propped up in a sitting position as if readying himself for an attack.  As soon as the hunter’s head had dropped forward in sleep, chin to chest, Castiel had roused himself and moved on soundless feet, gently removing the weapons from Dean’s hands and laying them on the ground within easy reach; he’d used his gentlest grip to ease the man down flat on the ground, pillowing his trench coat beneath Dean’s head.  Castiel had been tempted to seat himself beside his friend but feared angry retribution or stubborn refusal to return to sleep should the hunter wake in the middle of the night and see him there, so Castiel forced himself to be content to watch over Dean from the tree a few yards away as the man’s muscles spasmed and his face twitched in sleep.
A glance at the clock told Dean that he really should be sleeping, if for no other reason than to give his body a few hours to burn off the booze before he had to be alert enough to drive.  But he couldn’t.  Three weeks out of Monster Land and he still couldn’t sleep more than an hour or two a night; even then, he kept waking up expecting to feel Cas’s warm palm on his chest, his slim body pressed tight against Dean’s back.  And once that illusion shattered around him, there was no sense trying to get to sleep again.  He’d never been able to get back to sleep when he had nightmares of Hell, either.  Except that these weren’t really nightmares, and that was half of what was fucking with his head.  Part of him tried to stay awake as long as possible so he wouldn’t have to live in that half-awake place where Cas was still with him, but the other half ached to sleep for days just to have the chance to feel the angel’s breath against his skin again.
He thinks he can almost hear the huff of indignation and flat stare the angel would give him in response.  Dean chuckles.
The angel had been knocked to the ground in his kerfuffle with the female leviathan, but she’d been arrogant enough to discount Benny as a potential threat.  Hefting his weapon, the vampire figured that he owed it to the bastard – and maybe to Dean as well – to save his angelic hide.  A swift stroke of his arm and the female’s head toppled to the ground.  Benny nearly chuckled at the look of surprise that graced the angel’s face as he lowered his weapon and offered him a hand up off the ground.  A moment passed between the two of them as Dean bent to wipe his blade on the male leviathan’s suit.  The angel didn’t speak and neither did Benny, but the angel’s steady blue-eyed gaze seemed to impart something to him, and Benny just nodded.  It wasn’t an apology, exactly, not from either of them.  But it was good enough.
It took a few seconds for Dean to understand the words, and a few more to try to make sense of them.
Dean's tongue darted out to lick the pad of his thumb. Cas smiled, pleased. And then, because it was there, Dean sucked Cas’ thumb into his mouth.
his poor, aching and abused cock and started to kiss Dean's chest clean instead - which was very hot, and would have been
Cas' hands moved to Dean's hips. "You will try and fail to fight me, and thrust up into my mouth."
"I'm going to
"Wait, I thought you said you were cool with me being bi?"
idea." He kissed, every inch of skin he could get. "That’s
Cas nuzzled helplessly against Dean's neck as he curled the pads of his fingers against Dean's prostate - once, twice - before he backed off. He couldn't push back into the hands on his back and thrust up at the same time, so he trembled in Dean's arms, and just let himself be touched.
He captured Castiel's lips once more, but the kiss was softer now, an apology. If he was being honest he was still sort of spooked from earlier, and the strength he could feel in those arms wasn't nearly as sexy as it had been a minute ago. Dean hadn't realized this would be a problem, but apparently it was.
Jimmy brought Cas into their huddle with his other arm. "He's exhausted," Jimmy said into Cas' hair. "He's pretending like he's not. But he is."
“Forgive him,” said Cas. “My vessel needs a moment.”
do not fear me. I only wanted - ” Cas completely detached himself from Dean.
Hands pulled Dean forward, just a little jolt to give him friction from Jimmy's body, and allow Cas to move his fingers down, off the swell of his ass around the curves of his inner thighs. His touch there was so light that there was almost nothing to feel. But then his hands got heavier, bringing Dean's legs just a little bit farther apart.
"He is. And you are."
. I get why that’s hard to believe, but it's true. That made it probably the best sex I've ever had." Dean kissed him, "And I've had a lot of really good sex."
Dean ducked his head slightly and smiled. This was what he needed.
This was humiliating. Dean wanted it. "I'm so screwed up."
A second or two later, he pulled his knees into his chest and wrapped his arms around them.
"... I am not totally sure why I said that."
Cas rolled onto his back, next to Dean. His thighs spread, and a hand went between them as he leisurely began to finger himself open. Cas closed his eyes and hummed, and his breathing became relaxed and even. This new activity was clearly working for him. The other hand, the unoccupied hand, reached out to find Dean's wrist.
There was a sound of wind, or wings.
Dean gave a warm rumbling sigh of contentment and smiled against the warmth of Castiel's skin.
Cas was on his knees, hand still in Dean’s hair. A half-hard erection brushed over Dean’s cheek. Cas stroked his hair, but didn't move forward.
"Who, me?" He tried to look innocent, but the effect was spoiled by the ear-to-ear grin. He'd just disobeyed a direct order and nothing bad had happened. He wasn't even afraid. "I'm still not over the fact I can do this." He didn't feel the need to clarify.
"I'm proud of you," murmured Jimmy, as he pulled Dean's right thigh just a tiny bit wider, and laid his palm flat against it.
"Yeah."
"Hey Cas. Try some barbecue?"
"I did not want to say anything."
"After what you did to the shoelaces, he's got a point." Dean dropped to his knees to try and sort out the mess there. Cas actually stroked his hair, as he worked.
"Like this...?" Cas' voice was breathy, almost a whisper.
"Hey Dean?” said Sam. “I meant what I said about not letting you mess this up. I know the situation is complicated, but I've got most of a law degree and I'm decent at credit card fraud. I'm going to get you a wedding, and I'm going to be your best man. We'll figure it out from there."
take it, I think," said Jimmy. "So close. Until I can fill you up, and feel your tight, beautiful body."
at each other. “Sometimes humans do this thing where we sit down before big conversations." he said.
hot if he hadn't been so close,
"You'll teach us."
"Yeah."
Didn't make it any less sexy.
Cas rolled on top. "Am I given intelligence of the area? Or am I the advance scout?"
Cas still looked confused. "My vessel is more content and whole than I have ever seen him."
Cas’ lube. He did steal it. The hands were warm but the viscous liquid was cool, and it felt good on his hot, swollen dick.
"Love to."
Dean had to remain silent for a moment.
Jimmy stopped breathing for a second, and as he gulped in air his voice was much softer. "
Jimmy wrapped a hand around the back of Dean’s neck. "Fair warning. I'm pretty sure I could come just from this."
So he held the trench coat, and counted the seconds.
Dean finally did as Jimmy had asked, and ran hands along the contours of his shoulder blades, and his spine, and the tendons that connected them. Jimmy curved into him, flexing the muscles in his back around his hands.
"Sure. Cas can be Daddy. He's who I thought you meant anyway."
"Edging," said Castiel, matter-of-factly. He appeared to have regained speech at some point while kissing Dean's chest.
“Will you stay?”
"Good. So good." The hand in Castiel's hair let go of its death grip, to softly caress instead. “Little
Castiel's body started rubbing a pillow into his face. "
Shit. Not good.
"Castiel would like to check on you," he said. "He's being really good about staying at arm's length. But he'd like to know you're okay."
“That's the thing. Most of the time, my dick is dead to the world while I'm awake. That I can live with. But this? It’s so much worse. I thought I could - I was making some new memories to block out the old ones. Had that
Dean adjusted the angle of his hips and kept up a steady rhythm, taking over for him.
Cas was falling apart under Dean's hands. There was no tension left in his body and he sagged against Dean, arms around his neck as Cas’ mouth kissed everything it could reach - his collarbone and neck and shoulders. He wasn't even fucking Dean anymore. There was no resistance as Dean pushed into him, at the same time as he took care of Jimmy's cock and whatever was going on with Cas' back.
Dean closed his eyes, focused on the touch of Castiel's hands and the closeness of his body. "Can you help me stop thinking? I don't know how, but you did it before and it was amazing. I want that back again."
Cas shifted his body, and this time his kiss was just above Dean's knee."You will have to tell me what that means, Dean. Keep your eyes closed, and only talk." An arm was curled around him, touching the planes of muscle on his chest.
"I know, it's just... " Dean suddenly felt like an awkward teen all over again.
without him even knowing he existed. He had to pull over on the side of the road. Couldn’t drive like this.
Dean."
And it
Dean took his hand. And he let himself have a few moments more, his breathing unsteady. It wouldn't have been so upsetting, if Jimmy didn’t so obviously have
"It says that you do wrong and try to do better. That you are weak, and work to be stronger. That is what it is to be human. Compared with you, angels are nothing. Stagnant. I –" Cas turned away from Dean, and instead looked up. “I am allowing myself to think that what has happened to me could be a gift. A way to be more."
"You already have Jimmy's. Since you'll have the same fake ID. "
“I can be there in under three hours. If I gave you the address, could Cas come and get me or is Cas the problem?”
He was being lifted. Then the sound of wind, or wings.
He was trying to stay calm, but it was hard. This wasn't a one night stand where they'd go their separate ways and never see each other again. If things went bad, they'd still wake up together tomorrow, and the next day, and the day after that.
. You’re like one of those sexy calendars. You don’t have to thank me for wanting to take it all in."
"I know you can't really describe what Jimmy does in a way I can understand, but... can you tell me how it feels?"
"Sorry. That's stupid. It's not chairs. Sorry. Sorry Dean. Forget I said - anything. "
Dean wasn't sure how much longer he could last like this. "Come on, babe. It's okay. I got you." He increased the pace, and brought hands to support Cas as he tried to find the angle he was looking for. Dean had only ever had a few partners do this for him, but if he could just find the right angle...
Sam was showing great restraint by not reading over his shoulder."Is there anything I can do to help?" he said, still cautious.
"Cas, even if you're fine like this, could you maybe take some pity on Jimmy and wear the towel. Please?" Dean knew he was being paranoid, but now he was worrying that the flames would somehow close around them. Kissing was nice, but they had more important things to focus on. Like whatever the hell was going on between Cas and Sam.
Jimmy took his hands. Looked down at them. Dean could only see his eyelashes, but he suddenly seemed very shy. "For better, for worse," he murmured.
"My vessel is aware  you are asking him. I am arranging our thoughts. This is... new to me.”
Cas' voice. Not what a storm would sound like if it could talk.
And Jimmy -
He reveled in it, rolling his head inside them like he was under a hot shower spray.
"Food can get cold. Think you said something about staying in bed forever?"
Cas knelt beside them. He reached over Dean too, and took Jimmy's outstretched hand. And it took Dean a second to realize it, because he was doing it completely silently. But Cas had started crying.
To illustrate his point, he covered Cas’ hand - the one resting on the back of Dean’s head - with his own. And
He figured that was enough explanation. His mouth could be put to better use elsewhere. Now with two fingers in, Dean brought his free hand up to grab the base of Jimmy's cock for stability. He paused to come up for air, and add more lube as he searched for Jimmy's prostate. He'd found it before, but life wasn't porn. Sometimes things took a while. Sometimes they didn't go as planned. That was okay. Jimmy really was doing a great job staying all relaxed and open. He gave his fingers another experimental wiggle.
if you focused on it too much. I don't know if I'm making sense?"
"Sweetheart… that’s not it this time. I think we're better, but..." Dean took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I still hurt you. It was an accident, but - "
Dean couldn't put this off any longer.
"You don't have to answer any questions.” Dean said that more for Sam than Cas. He didn’t think it would make too much of a difference to Cas. After the fourth set of failed search terms, he set the laptop aside. Took Cas’ hands.
Jimmy was smiling a little coyly. “I mean, is that a gun in your pocket, or are you happy to see me?”
Cas looked at him. Dean took his hand without saying anything, and looked away.
And then Cas turned to him.
dick, when you're by yourself, getting yourself off."
, dear sweet fuck, you said that one time... thought it was cute..."
" he was saying. "
"Wait, stop."
"Yeah. I'd still try to talk with you through the door though."
something was different..." His marksmanship had gotten better since coming back from the dead. Trust Dean Winchester to focus on the important things.
"You think I'm going to explain this to Bobby when I don't have to?"
"Shut up Dean. Cas. You're with us now. You can fail, and say no, and want things."
too much. And somehow you'd magically know what almost too much was, and I'd only be able to think of your cock."
"It's just your finger, Mr. Winchester. You know what I want."
left part of himself in the Pit. Sure mostly he was able to manage, but it wasn't like he was a complete person. Alastair had found a way to break him, and leave Dean with those cracking edges. He'd started all this by breaking. Alastair had made an offer, and he had said yes.
Dean nodded, vigorously. He'd be okay. This just sucked. That was all.
"... not with Cas, anyway."
His lips were parted, and there was disbelief in every line of his face. "
Cas seemed to be repeating something, as undone and broken as the rest of him. It took Dean a few repetitions to make out "... thank you... thank you..."
glad I killed."
Dean wished he'd known that when Cas gave him a glimpse of his true form. "Happy to help." A bit smug.
Cas twisted onto his side, supporting himself on one elbow. Looking down at Dean's face, his expression was sharper and closer to the avenging angel than it had been a few minutes ago.
"It is good to feel him within again."
“... after you died."
"I was thinking more like sexy cop! Or French maid."
Cas looked satisfied. He pet over Dean, no longer holding him down.
"The whole time I'd know that none of it was real, and that the second I wanted it to stop, we'd stop. We can stop
dressed like that. Like a model in Vogue. No, what you need to do to sit in front of a mirror while we give you a blowjob.”
Jimmy relaxed against Dean's chest. His breathing started to slow.
I was torturing again and... he started a
how it would feel if they did this while they were inside of him. Cas... was fascinated by his nipples, paying attention to them as he moved down his body - kissing one, teasing the other between thumb and forefinger. Then placing kisses from his belly button… down.
Dean wanted to watch, but he also wanted to keep kissing Cas and he couldn't do both. That was the only problem.
"If you never touched me again, I'd be sad but I would still love you. If you never had sex with me, I would love you. If you
"I will never let you do that. I'm serious. And I have Cas as backup."
The lightning bugs all around them were acting strangely.
Dean smiled and kissed Jimmy's hand simply because he could. "Sure thing, gorgeous."
"If you hadn't pulled me out of there when you did? You've seen the inside of my head. It's not prime real estate.” And if Dean was honest with himself he was still tempted, even after all this. "Get out of Hell free. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. You know. Taking crap deals is kind of a family tradition."
"I know this wasn't the plan, but I want your fingers inside me. I feel good this time." Dean turned to kiss what seemed like thin air, but he could have sworn was warmth radiating from his shoulder. He was pretty sure he felt something around that handprint - which shouldn't have been possible, since whatever Cas did had fried those nerve endings. "Was that Cas or do I look stupid?"
"It's not like sex. But it’s more like sex than anything? When you do that it... yeah, it's like you're touching skin stretched around a big cock. That’s the most solid Cas gets, has to be.
"Let's maybe get you some pants." Dean took him by the hand, and Cas followed Dean’s gentle tug, out of the circle of fire. Sam tracked the two of them with his eyes.
"Dean? Is it too much?"
Cas laid another kiss higher up his thigh. “Do you like the idea of me inside you? Are you considering it now. In the privacy of your mind."
"Hate to break it to you, but you're not the first guy I've dreamed about doing this to. There've been a few. Dr. Sexy. This real hot hacker guy with a mullet I knew. Other guys too, those are just the ones whose names I know."
"Do you want me to kiss you?"
“You are relieved that I might be a demon?”
"Thanks, babe." This was Dean's life now.
"You make me feel like I could be okay again." Dean was feeling uncharacteristically honest.
"I asked him to stay. He said
"Your fingers... oh dear sweet... something... not sure if I'm supposed to say God. Dear sweet" - a gasp - "
“Thanks for remembering the shower.”
Dean had been through a lot in a very short time. Putting two and two together took longer than it should have. And he had
"Sorry I'm kind of..." Jimmy made a sort of wavy hand motion. Dean had no idea what it meant.
Jimmy's eyes got even wider.
Dean fake-struggled where Jimmy had his wrists pinned. He actually giggled. It wasn't even a proper snort laugh. Not very manly, but he couldn't help it. He was just so damn giddy.
Glanced up at Dean for a reaction.
"Passed out in a warehouse, remember?” Dean grinned. “No, wait. An angel came to me in a dream and told me where to find him.
Dean hummed as he pet Cas' hair. "You want to mark me up babe? Aren’t you a little old for hickeys?"
"I do."
A heavy chill spread through the room, frost climbed along the windows, and their surroundings snapped back into focus. But it didn’t matter. They'd already heard too much.
“Do you know what rimming is?" No, of course Jimmy didn’t know what rimming was. How to put this delicately. "It's like eating a girl out, but... further back. Which is why I'm mentioning it... in the shower."
"Come over here, and lay down over these pillows for me."
want?"
let me take you to Vegas so I can do the thing where I wear an ugly fancy bathrobe and you hang off my arm and look sexy.”
got through the haze. Dean let Cas' thumb slip from his mouth for a second. "What... what'd'ya mean?" That didn't sound good. "Ketch, what's he talking about?"
"I have wet dreams about Hell. How are you not disgusted by that? After all the shit you've seen, and whatever Cas showed you? Why do you still want me?"
Cas slowly climbed into the middle of the giant bed and knelt down, putting a knee on either side of Dean's thighs. He was still wearing the trenchcoat.
"Cas, if Jimmy were hurt or sick or something, you'd want to know how to help. You’d want to know if it was going to keep getting worse? Even if there wasn’t anything you could do?”
Jimmy reached up to kiss his mouth again. "If I come in like five seconds, don't make fun of me..."
Even though Sam was sitting just across the room, that line of oil and fire made it seem like he was on the other side of the world. Dean took the towel off of his hair and brought it behind Cas. Used it to pull the angel close. Without really thinking, he gave in to temptation and stole a kiss. "Let’s get you out of here."
Cas briefly laid his hand on Dean's shoulder. And then turned to look at Jimmy.
Cas smiled as he licked up the last bit of come, and kissed a convenient nipple.
vessels."
"And?"
"Permission to speak freely,” Jimmy said, between a kiss to Dean's neck and another to his ear.
Dean weighed his options. "If I said no, would you stay out?"
"I want you to read it out loud."
this. I do." And he
What was he even doing here?
Your kid was replaced with a changeling larva. The only reason Ben and those other kids are even alive is because they were being kept in cages as snacks for later. That's just
"I do understand that I intrude," he whispered, soft against Dean’s ear. "Say the word. I will be happy to show myself out."
Cas let him. Cupped a hand around his cheek. With Cas so completely inside his body, Dean's mind went blissfully silent. No room for anything. Nothing beyond the intense wordless connection with Cas. Fingers kept stroking his face, as Cas' other hand dropped lower, to stroke along his inner thighs, his cock, that tender place where they were still joined tight.
Cas nodded. Sighed. Kissed his lips."Of course you’re right. You should have some water.”
"Do you still want an angel inside you?" Jimmy whispered.
. I screwed it up, and it didn’t even work. I
“Now I want you," he said. "Actual you. The part I can't see or feel. Add that, and a second finger at the same time so I know. It's the same as the last one, but slower and without the teasing at the start.
more.
Jimmy pushed a little deeper in. "Please, Dean.
Dean ducked his head under Castiel's chin. "You'd think Hell would be warm, but it wasn't."
talking about?"
exhaled Jimmy. "Just like that. Give him the rhythm he needs. He trusts you."
Jimmy couldn't reach Dean's face, not with three fingers slowly fucking him, but he unclicked a few of the fasters on the corset one-handed. His thumb stroked the new inch of skin.
"I uh, can't speak for Claire, but I wanted to ask. Dean mentioned the possibility of maybe taking his name. Is that the kind of thing - would that be a problem? You are already the Winchesters."
Dean hadn't really thought about it like that before. Ben could have
"Dean, I - " Cas closed his eyes. "If it helps you. You are
Was panicking.
"You are supposed to kiss me. And... you're supposed to do a whole lot more than that."
"Now if you don't mind," said Jimmy. "I'd really like my husband to make love to me." He deflated a tiny bit. "You know. If he's up for it."
"What did you think of, when we left you alone?"
Dean wasn't sure why this felt like such a big deal. He wasn't sure of a lot of things right now. "Yeah."
"Lilith. That was the safeword, right?"
He had said he would be back. He had said so.
Tell me how he likes it, Cas."
Jimmy added even more lube to his hands, and drew a finger along that circle of muscle, pressing inward. Dean was careful to keep breathing. "Slower. I just... need a minute."
But Dean still couldn’t talk.
“Yes.”
"Penny for your thoughts?” Dean pressed a kiss to Castiel's shoulder and waited.
"I don't really know this stuff,” Dean admitted. “Don't go to many weddings. But I do know I'm supposed to kiss you."
"If any other angel asks, I turn 'em down. You got here first."
It didn’t help. The hyperventilating didn’t stop.
Every single kiss he laid along the soft skin dragged a new cry out of him, and every one sounded surprised. Dean brought a hand up to caress the area just behind Jimmy's balls. Just getting a feel for things, figuring out the lay of the land. The shower was not the place for this to go much further.
Jimmy snuck a hand into Dean’s jeans, cupping his balls. Even through jeans and slacks, Dean could feel just how hard he was. "What do you say?" Jimmy whispered into his ear. "Dealer's choice, or have you got any requests?"
He had been feeding Jack his morning bottle when Sam had come into the kitchen after his morning run. As soon as he’d joined Castiel at the table with a protein drink, Dean had stormed in. His eyes had been ringed with dark circles as though he hadn’t slept at all and a scowl was etched deeply onto his face.
(Also, Dean's opinions on Starbucks drinks are entirely his own. I really just wrote an entire intro roasting my personal taste in coffee treats because I myself am tragically addicted to them and my past-self who wanted to be a black coffee only cool girls would be so embarrassed.)
“Of course, I wanna hear that dinner story,” Jody said as she opened the door for them.
“Am not,” Dean said, glaring when Castiel barely stifled a laugh at the exchange.
At that, Dean just sputtered, seemingly unable to pull together a retort.
“That tracks,” Abby scoffed. "Considering the state of the world these days."
The kiss was brief, just a quick press of lips to lips but it seemed to steady something in Dean. When he pulled away, he met Castiel’s eyes and said, “Me too, Cas. I- me too.”
,” Sam said. Dean hung up on him again.
“Cas, you know you don’t have to be useful to me, right?” Dean turned to look at him, “I don’t give a rat’s ass about how much grace you have left as long as you’re safe and healthy. I just worry about you trying so hard to prove yourself that you end up getting hurt.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said. “It’s been a lot of work, but I think we’re both very happy with how it’s turned out.”
“He actually told me that I should invite the two of you to dinner,” Castiel said casually, hoping she wouldn’t find the invitation odd. He hadn’t closely considered her not wanting to be friends outside of work until he’d given that excuse to Dean, but now it was something he’d made himself concerned about. “We’ve been so busy that we haven’t made many new friends in town yet, even after a year here.”
“I could make some coffee while you get ready,” Dean offered.
“So,” Abby said once they’d ordered their food, “wanna start from the beginning? You mentioned that both of you were kind of born into knowing about the… paranormal? But like, what does that actually mean?”
“I’m an angel of the lord,” Cas said, with less gravity than he used to. “Or I was, I’ve lost most of my powers these days.”
Jack didn't seem to notice any discomfort as he was busy pulling his socks off to shove his feet in Cas' face.
Dean smiled and reached over to squeeze his hand, causing Castiel to freeze until he remembered that Abby and Leah thought they were an actual couple. Dean was just playing his role in that.
“Cas,” Dean said, grabbing his shoulder. “Fuck, I thought you said you’d be fine.”
“Shit,” Sam had said, casting his gaze toward the ceiling.
It had been four days before Sam and Dean had returned to the bunker from their first hunt since Castiel had returned from the dead. Four long days with one incredibly fussy baby who had sensed both Castiel’s own morose mood and the absence of the man who’d been his primary caregiver for the first several months of his life.
“Is there a reason you keep hanging up on Sam?” Castiel asked calmly, trying to not let onto how curious he actually was since he was certain that Dean wouldn’t tell him.
“Thank you so much for having us over, it’s a beautiful home,” Castiel said as Abby invited them inside. It really was beautiful, aside from the clear ghostly presence that the remnants of his grace could sense the moment he stepped through the doorway.
“I’ve tried to get their attention,” she continued sadly, “but never to any avail. How did you know that I was here?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, please,” she said desperately. “I’m so tired.”
“Cool,” Abby had clearly been relieved that he wasn’t offended by the assumption.  “You don’t have to worry about anyone here, you know. I’m pretty sure half the staff isn’t straight, myself included.”
“I can’t believe you’re officially homeowners… kind of,” Sam had said over dinner once they’d finally gotten everything settled.
“Are you okay?” Sam had asked, startling Castiel from his pensiveness.
“Well,” Dean said, slumping onto the other end of the couch. “Now that we have one less thing to worry about, does anyone feel like pizza? I’m starving.”
“And… your partner?” She’d asked hesitantly, as though he may be angry if she’d assumed incorrectly.
“I was wondering where you’d wandered off to,” Dean said when he found Castiel there a few minutes later. He pulled Castiel into a hug from behind, planting a kiss on his cheek. “I was worried you were getting some belated cold feet,” Dean said jokingly. His voice so close to Castiel’s ear made Castiel shiver.
They kept the ceremony itself simple. Jody had become ordained at some point in her career and she’d agreed to officiate for them. After some discussion, they’d decided to stick with standard vows since Dean felt uncomfortable getting too emotional in front of other people and Castiel didn’t need to declare his love for anyone other than Dean.
“It wasn’t an exorcism so much as helping her move on,” Castiel explained, still leaning heavily against Dean. “I don’t believe she ever meant you any harm, she was just stuck here and now her soul is at peace in heaven.”
“You should invite her and her girlfriend around to dinner sometime. All the knives and guns are hidden away now, this house is straight up stepford. Perfectly acceptable for hosting your coworkers.”
When Dean couldn’t take it anymore he said, “If you have any questions, you can ask them. Everything in those books happened years ago, I’m okay with talking about it.”
“Jack?” Castiel had replied, confused. “How?”
Castiel smiled, “Good. This is the happiest I’ve been as well.”
“What?” Castiel said, quickly looking up at Dean, feeling shocked.
“What?” Castiel choked on the sip of coffee he’d just taken, feeling a creeping sense of dread. Jack laughed happily at Castiel’s coughing fit while he smashed blueberries into the table, clearly unsympathetic to the situation.
Castiel rushed to reassure him, “Dean, that’s not at all why I’m hesitant. You’re one of the most charismatic and engaging people I’ve ever met. I’m worried that I’d make things awkward, you know I’m still not great around people. I’m not even sure if she’d want to be friends outside of work.” It wasn’t a lie, just another thing that Castiel worried about.
Dean scoffed at that, “Sure he is.” But he let the subject drop, choosing to leave Castiel and the coffee behind on the porch while he chased Jack around the yard instead. Castiel wasn’t happy with Dean’s conflict avoidance, but it was hard to stay upset while he watched Jack happily laughing as Dean caught him and lifted him in the air.
“Of course,” Castiel had reassured him softly, “you will be welcome any time.”
Also, I've had a couple comments asking about where Abby and Leah's names came from and it's just my Stardew Valley addiction showing itself. I was having trouble figuring out names for these two OC's and just went with my top two SDV marriage candidates.
“Right. Practical,” Dean said, frowning slightly and not meeting Castiel’s eyes.
“I’m very sorry,” Castiel said. “That must have been hard.”
“I don’t know,” Castiel answered honestly. “Sometimes I think my love for you has always been there, burning quietly in the background. It took me a while to figure out exactly what the feeling was, though. That was a more recent revelation over the past few years.”
“He’s not going to lose us,” Castiel had said with certainty. Imagining his life without Dean was something he had never been able to do, he hadn’t even wanted to try to imagine it. “And I’m sure that he’s been wanting to get back to hunting after several months of taking care of a baby full time.”
“Sorry? What for?”
“Thanks again Jody,” Dean said. “See you guys for dinner sometime soon?”
“Hey,” Jody called up to them when she caught them watching from the deck, “you guys are missing your own party.” That was enough to break their contemplative spell and they allowed the heckling that spread through the rest of the guests to draw them back into the fold.
It was true, but Castiel still felt a deep sense of regret when he thought about how much time they’d wasted.
Dean rested his temple against Castiel’s, “Married to an angel and raising a half-angel kid with a bunch of friends who know who I really am and accept me anyhow. I didn’t think it was possible without always hiding a part of myself. Hell, several parts of myself. I never thought I’d be able to be with a man, my dad would die all over again if he was around to see this,” Dean laughed, but it was a dry, pained thing.
“Mostly human day today?” Dean asked as he moved to the coffee maker.
“Buddy, this isn’t even a bad one,” Dean had said once he’d composed himself. “When he was a newborn he got shit up to his neck a couple times. Still don’t know how that even happened, but my mom and Jody said it was normal when I asked them about it. Apparently babies are just gross.”
“He missed you,” Castiel had said, trying to break the tension.
Dean had led Castiel over to where Sam was standing outside the Impala, holding a blanket-wrapped bundle in his arms. “Hey Cas,” he’d said, extending the blanket toward Castiel,  “meet Jack.”
“Okay,” Abby said with a tight nod. “We can talk in the living room,” she let Leah the stairs first before following. Dean and Castiel were close behind.
Thank you so much for reading this fic! I really enjoyed writing it and I hope you enjoyed reading it!
“Doesn't count when you’ve got a baby drooling on you,” Dean said, grinning. “How could I not get a picture of that? ‘S’cute.”
Hello! I just want to start by saying a giant THANK YOU to everyone who's given comments or kudos to this fic or recommended it, it means so much!!! This is such a huge fandom, I honestly never expected this story to get this much attention and I appreciate it more than I can say.
“It’s true,” Dean said, feeling mildly defensive. “I didn’t believe him at first either, tried to kill him the first time we met on earth because I was so sure anything that powerful had to be evil. And I wasn’t totally wrong, most angels are dicks. But Cas is a good one.”
“You really should wear more casual clothes around him,” Dean had said. “Trust me, you don’t wanna be trying to clean spit up off your favorite coat.”
It was Dean’s turn to nearly choke. He coughed for several seconds before taking a large sip of orange juice.
Abby nodded consideringly. After a moment of thought she asked, “So if all of that is real does that mean the racist ghost truck-”
“Welcome home, buddy,” Dean had clapped Castiel on the back as he’d pulled away. “Now, there’s someone you should meet.”
“I know,” Dean said with a slight cringe, “but there’s a whole process to apply for the license. It’s not like the movies where you can just roll up and get married.”
The next morning Castiel had been the first one up. Usually Dean would get up with Jack since Castiel often enjoyed sleeping in, but Castiel had been restless all night and had taken the first sounds of waking from Jack’s room as an excuse to get out of bed.
This is the second and final bonus scene! It... got away from me a bit. I asked my brain for a fun. fluffy scene about Cas' coworker knowing about the Supernatural books and my brain gave me 2.5k words of mostly Dean's inner thoughts. The promised bonus scene is in there, I swear! It just has more additions than I originally planned!
“What happened to him?” Claire asked in alarm as Dean helped Castiel into the house.
“Sure thing,” Dean said. “It seemed like it was gonna be a nice time up until the ghost shit.”
“I’ve been stuck here for over a century,” she said softly. “People have come and people have gone, but never once has anyone noticed that I’m trapped here.”
For a second Dean’s expression had softened and Castiel had thought he’d change his mind, but then he’d made eye contact with Castiel and his shoulders had straightened, “Break’s over. People are dying and we have a job to do. I’m leaving in twenty minutes, with or without you.” He’d turned to leave, but had stopped when Jack had frantically raised his arms toward him and whined.
On the night of their dinner/interrogation about the supernatural with Abby and Leah, Dean and Cas had dropped Jack off for a sleepover at Jody’s house. It was going to be their first night without Jack in the house since they’d officially become a couple and Dean was equal parts nervous and excited. Sure he and Cas had slept together, but it was always with the knowledge that they had to be quiet and keep things quick in case they were interrupted. But having a full childfree night spread luxuriously before him made Dean want to skip dinner all together. He had ideas. He had plans.
“Thank you Jack,” he said softly, stroking Jack’s soft curls.
When she stopped and looked at the expressions on Dean and Cas’ faces she said, “Wait. Are those books, like, based off of real things?”
“Have a good day at work,” Castiel replied before the door swung shut.
“Dean,” Castiel began, but before he could continue Dean’s phone started ringing.
“He deserves a normal childhood, Dean,” Castiel felt himself growing defensive. “Growing up somewhere that he feels stable.”
“Yeah, makes more sense to just wear things you can toss in the washer and not worry about. I can talk you shopping at some point if you want,” Dean had offered.
“Ghosts aren’t real, babe,” Abby said softly. “We’ll get everything sorted out soon. I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable in your own home.”
“Dean,” Castiel had said, overwhelmed by emotion, “thank you.”
Castiel had felt a near constant sense of warmth since then knowing that this was his home, his family. That he’d managed to find something for himself in spite of what had felt like the entire universe working against him. Instead of living a life constantly moving, constantly at risk, he’d found a place where he could stay, where he was safe.
Dean had looked hesitant, almost scared, as he’d said, “Yeah, sure buddy. What’s up?”
As Castiel had moved to leave the room, he was stopped by Dean grabbing his wrist. When he’d turned back, Dean had pulled him into a tight hug. It was more desperate than the hug Dean had given him earlier as Dean’s hands clutched at Castiel’s jacket and he buried his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck.
Cas closed his mouth as though he had had something to say, and Dean made a mental note to follow up on that sometime.
Jody raised her eyebrows, “Oh yeah? I’m looking forward to that story then.”
At first Castiel had been too shocked to respond, but then he’d raised his own arms and returned the hug, holding Dean just as tightly. He’d lost himself in it, imagining what it could be like if this was something he was allowed to have, if he could always keep Dean this close.
“Yes. Shit, yes, it’s so okay.” Dean gasped as Castiel kissed the spot where his jaw met his neck. “I just- should we maybe take this upstairs?”
Dean cleared his throat awkwardly, “We can leave if you want. I’ve gotten a decent list of non-ghost issues that I found that you should get fixed and I can leave that for you.”
“We can watch Nemo,” Dean agreed. “Cas, you wanna get that queued up while I make some popcorn?”
“I can empathise,” Castiel said, with his own smile. “When we first moved, Dean was convinced that he could install a garbage disposal by himself. We ended up with a half flooded kitchen and no disposal at all.” They’d also decided that a garbage disposal was not only more trouble than it was worth, but probably a bad idea to have in a house with a baby who seemed to be able to control electronics with his grace. That part wasn’t something he added when telling the story to Abby.
“You sure you’re feeling up to that?” Dean’s tone was skeptical. “It’s gonna be real awkward if I have to drag you out of here.”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel could feel frustration coiling in his stomach, “why does that upset you?”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean had finally moved to brush by Castiel, his expression stone cold as he’d marched back to his own room. Castiel had felt defeated as he checked in on Jack before heading to bed.
They’d spent the first two months tip-toeing around each other. Despite having known each other for over a decade, they hadn’t ever spent so much time alone together. And adding a baby to the mix had just thrown things off further. It had led to them being overly formal, unable to completely relax around each other.
“I want to find a house,” Castiel had said carefully. “Jack should grow up someplace with windows and a yard to play in. Somewhere safe, where he has the space to live like a normal child.”
Hello everyone!!!
“I’m fairly sure. I think she’s ready to move on and my grace feels fairly strong today,” Castiel replied.
“So Jack,” Castiel turned to the toddler, “what would you like to do today.”
“That is an excellent idea,” Castiel said, climbing off of Dean before extending a hand to pull Dean up after him.
“I’ll be down in a minute,” Cas said and Dean winked at him.
“You’re telling me this house was actually haunted and you exorcised the ghost?” Abby asked, sounding stressed.
“Dean, your brother will kill us both if we get married without him,” Castiel pointed out.
“You’re welcome.” Castiel took a deep breath and concentrated on pulling his latent grace to the surface. Once he could feel the power thrumming beneath his skin, he reached his hand out to cover the top of her head. It took only a moment and a brief flash of light for her to disappear. Castiel stumbled backward as his grace flared and faded and Dean reached out to steady him, wrapping an arm around Castiel’s waist.
that Dean had been
Sam clapped a hand to his shoulder for a moment of solidarity – all Dean could really stand – before shuffling off towards the bathroom.   Dean just nodded, balled his fists at his side, and tried not to let too much of his last moments of Purgatory spool before his eyes.
“What’s going on back there?” Sam repeats.  “You were shaking the whole car.”
“Hell no,” Dean retorted.  He glared at Castiel as he growled an explanation.  “We were both fourteen-and-a-half, her name was Rhiannon Lattimer, and she was plain and shy and the sweetest person I’d ever met.  She said I had eyes like spring grass and she was the only one in that whole school that didn’t treat me like I was a moron just because I wasn’t smart like Sammy.”
Sam goggles at him.  “Uh, listen Pretty Eyes, I know you’re a bit drunk and all, so I feel the need to point out that you just gave me like a $30 tip.”
Now that Benny had shined a spotlight on the whole issue of potential attraction and/or sex, Dean had spent most days just trying to push aside any hint of personal crisis to focus on getting all of their asses the heck out of Monster Land.  His lips quirked up a tiny bit as he watched the angel push through the brush ahead of them.  Contrary to what Dean had expected, things with Cas had actually gotten better, less awkward even, since Dean had worked up the guts to ask Cas to sleep next to him.  Cas seemed less irritable and Benny seemed to pick fewer fights with the angel.  Dean was even sleeping better now that he wasn’t having nightmares about losing Cas or finding him dead.  The beauty part of it was that Dean didn’t have to worry about what people who knew him would think or say if he looked at the angel a little too long or touched him a little too often.  Benny had only ever known Dean as he is now, so he didn’t feel compelled to butch up and bury all his shit or cover everything with a smirk and a joke every time either one of them did something that insinuated there was a deeper connection between them.  As much as Dean hated to admit it, as much as he wanted to get out of here and go home … there was something freeing about being able to feel however the fuck he wanted to about Cas and not worry about how it would play to an audience.  Something about Purgatory allowed him to just be
“Fit?” he queried, puzzled.
Cas leaned even closer; so near that Dean could feel the angel's breath on his cheek.
“In retrospect,” he began, “there was one part of the sexual experience that could have gone more smoothly.”
Samael, the angel that I chose as the leader of Castiel’s garrison, is an actual seraph referenced in Jewish lore and was chosen for a very specific reason.  In the Talmud, Samael is referred to as “the angel of death”.  He is less of a grim reaper – in the sense of an angel sent to ferry the soul from the living world to Hell – as he is the
Castiel levered himself up on his forearms to glare at Dean.  Narrowing his eyes to a squint, he said flatly, “I wasn’t aware that giving a lover vocal encouragement was frowned upon.”
Not able to bring himself to look in his brother’s eyes and see sympathy and pity, Dean strode across the room, clenching his eyes shut so he didn’t have to see the empty space beyond the window.  “You know, I could have pulled him out.  I just don’t understand why he didn’t try harder.”
that he’s bare-assed naked with a very clothed, very determined angel squatting behind him, out of sight.  Dean’s about to crane his neck to see what Cas is doing but the clasp of hands on his ass cheeks make him jerk.  Before he can even think to ask the question, Dean yelps in surprise and jolts forward into the wall because the sensation of spongy wetness suddenly registers
He had raised the man from Hell with his own hands, rebuilt him piece by piece from a shard of his Grace.  Knew him, body and soul, because he’d been the one to give both things back to the man.  He, Castiel, had recreated Dean Winchester from the tiniest pieces of his tortured, broken spirit, had seen that beneath that fractured soul lay a pure heart and the greatest strengths and weaknesses of humanity, all wrapped into one seemingly insignificant human.  The angel felt incensed that beings existed in that world that could not, would not, ever truly understand the marvel of the man they flung themselves at so casually.
excessive candor lets my reins relax,
There.  See what he does with that.
Hauling his body out of bed, Sam padded over to where Dean stood still gazing out the window, searching for some sign that what he’d seen hadn’t been a mirage of his mind, twisted in grief.
about Cas.
“Dean, how often must I tell you, the preparation is unnecessary.”
“Dean,” he began, but the other man just pushed at one shoulder until Castiel lay on his back, then pulled up on the other, coaxing the stiff angel to turn away from him.  “Dean—” he tried again, but stopped when Dean’s arm slithered underneath his own and the wide, calloused palm flattened against his chest.
“The desires and longings inside your head were one thing – torturous enough, but at least they remained between the two of us because they stayed inside your head!”
been worthy of Dean’s devotion all this time.
“ ‘M good now,” he says and leans his forehead in towards Cas.  The angel presses a kiss to it before leaning his own against Dean’s.
When Cas finally does wrap his lips around the head and take as much of Dean into his mouth as he can, it does become clear that Cas wasn’t lying; he hasn’t done this before.  He sets a steady pace of forward-back sucking that is too slow by half and maybe a bit wetter than it should be – but hey, Dean’s never had a dick in his mouth, so who is he to judge saliva production?  That being said, it is by far the best that any kind of sex has felt to him in ages.  Years.  Maybe since Lisa, and six years is a fuck of a long time to be having what is apparently sub-standard sex with women when he could have been doing this with Cas.  Whatever he lacks in style and technique, he’s making up for in enthusiasm because the humming increases (which,
"Why did you run away, Cas? Why did you run away
“Dean, what’s wrong?” he asks, and this time, his voice is softer.
your deal with Crowley; I spend seven months thinking you’re dead; then you’re back and you don’t know who you are; then you do and you’re crazy; then you’re crazy but you’re not fighting; then you’re crazy but you
Obeying Dean’s low mumbles of encouragement, Castiel’s pulse raced at each moan of “tighter”, “faster”, “twist at the top,
“I prayed to you, Cas.  I never prayed to anyone or anything before I met you, but damn it, I prayed every moment I could get my head together, and you just … ignored me.”
Alex."
a place for avarice, when you possessed
“What?” Cas asks, scooting back to look him in the eye.
“Jesus, Cas!  Warn a guy,” he hiccupped, and then cried, “fuck!” when the angel let it drop from his lips, shiny with spit.
if one who loves us earns our condemnation?"
The vampire turned to face his human friend, hooking one tine of his weapon around the man’s forearm, just strongly enough to pull him close and force him to look Benny in the eye.
Dean chortled again and reached out to Castiel.  The hunter’s hands shook as he grasped the angel’s in his, but he held on.
The laughter that left Dean was a little uneasy – this would still be new to him for a long while, he suspected – but he smiled anyway.
Castiel monitored the night sounds around them, listening intently to the shuffling noises of creatures moving in the dark as the rise and fall of Dean’s chest beneath his hand became slow and rhythmic.  After what was at least a half hour of undisturbed quiet, Castiel was surprised to hear the rasp of Dean’s voice again.
he whispers, feeling a jump of excitement as his blood surged.  He palms his blossoming erection.
Not long after that, it became far more than just an arm.  Dean’s long limbs twined around Castiel’s, his hands always clutching parts of Castiel’s clothing, as if to anchor the angel to his side to prevent him from leaving.  One leg would be thrown across Castiel’s calves, a hot, heavy weight he could not escape, Dean’s hands grasping his clothes and his face pressed into the lean muscle at his shoulder.  While his friend seemed to derive some comfort from the touch, the posture still suggested to Castiel that even his unconscious mind was distressed that Castiel would be lost.  It took him nearly two weeks to figure out a way to alleviate that distress.  When he finally realized that Dean seemed to be instinctively seeking reassurance through this physical connection, it only made sense to affirm the bond through reciprocation.  The next time Castiel felt pulled from his meditation when Dean curled his limbs around Castiel’s body, the angel tentatively shifted a bit, wrapping his arm around Dean’s back and cradling Dean’s head in the inner pocket of his shoulder.  The effect was immediate.  Dean wriggled in his sleep, his right arm slithering across Castiel’s belly to disappear under his trench coat on the opposite side and splay an open palm up Castiel’s ribcage, Dean’s top leg curling around Castiel’s to insinuate his knee between both of the angel’s.  Castiel hissed out a breath without really meaning to, his cheeks coloring as he felt the warm weight of Dean’s thigh pressing against his groin.  When Castiel raised his other hand from the ground and hesitantly placed it on top of the arm that Dean had wound around him, the hunter nuzzled his face deeper into the folds of material covering Castiel’s chest and let loose a thick sigh before slipping deeper into sleep.
“Kinky bastard,” he says to the stars.
~Canto XXVI, lines 31–36
Dean hesitates for a minute before turning and thrusting the beer back in the fridge.  “Fine,” he grumbles and then heads to the coffee pot.  “Bossy bastard.”
Benny didn’t exactly regret telling his friend to think about knobbing the angel but the change in dynamic wasn’t exactly what the vampire had intended.  Lord knows it was a much calmer atmosphere since Dean had started giving it to the angel nightly, but Benny now felt like an unwanted houseguest crashing on newlyweds.  Every time the three of them had a break in combat long enough for some rest, Benny had a guaranteed thinly-veiled exile unless he wanted an eyeful.  The first time it happened had been enough; he didn’t need a second helping.
*****
It had all been so uncomplicated, back when Castiel’s garrison had first been charged with raising Dean Winchester from Hell.  Not that he had thought that the act itself would be
Cas just tilts his head sideways in question and waits silently.
To Dean’s surprise, the creature gave him a tiny smile, his eyes lighting with mischief and recognition.  “You’re him,” he said smoothly, hungrily.  “The
Startlingly fast, an image pops up behind his eyes.  He sees the backseat of the Impala; not surprising, since his baby happened to be pretty much his favorite place on Earth, and it wouldn’t be the first time he’s had sex in the backseat.  Hell, it wouldn’t even be the first time it happened
“Freakin’ witches,” he mumbles into his mug, but smiles.  He’s starting to sound like Dean.  Although, given that these particular witches had decided to attempt to resurrect the spirit of a known axe murderer, he feels it’s warranted.
Dean couldn’t help but smile.  “ ‘A more prudent source of lubrication’.  Man, you know I love it when you talk nerdy to me.”
our tired bodies
“Mmm not intentionally….at first.” Cas smirked up at Sam from where he sat at the map table.
Dean’s mind arrived at how Cas’s eyes flickering to his lips and back to his eyes in a dance Dean had surely taught him while he was unaware. Eyes mouth, deadlock smouldering glare. Dean placed the pages as he found them too afraid he’d find more than he already had.
Cas surely needed space, after everything. Especially now only a few short months of humanity, and of Jack's new promotion. Dean had been dancing around the topic. Dying to ask.
“Over here.” Came his younger brother’s voice from behind a shelf.
“These are for our adopt-a-bee project, it’s fifteen dollars and you get a pen and a few stickers to raise awareness.” She beamed.
“Go on ‘n open it,” Dean smirked.
From the hollow dawn I had once hid
He laughs in my face.
Castiel grumbled who was sending him a message at this hour?
“Have fun, you and Cas I mean.”
Cas drew his wings close to his body carefully tucking them in.
Dean turned to meet Cas’ gaze and let out a small audible breath.
Cas turned and gazed into Dean’s eyes ten times more enthralled by them than the stars.
It’s driving me farther than city limits
Castiel grinned.
we bask in all
They climbed inside and off they went , it was clear and cold in the little mountain town.
my mind had rippled with
He fiddled with the small silver band in his right hand and clutched his napkin speech in his left.
On his way out the sliding doors, Dean spotted a small table he swore hadn’t been there before. The table cloth was yellow and draped in bees that had caught his attention from the corner of his eye. A young woman sat behind her small sign that read “Save the Bees.” Dean wandered closer, his hands full but not strained. Her eyes lit up as she noticed Dean. She gave him a warm smile.
“What’s a ghost?”
“Yeah, bee puns are right up his alley, thank you.”
Dean placed the bag in his pocket and decided to figure the rest out later. He ignored the warm feeling on his cheeks and drove home.
They fell back into a routine. A little over a week had passed and Dean didn’t find any more loose poems. He’d only caught a glimpse when Cas would leave his honey-colored notebook open and behind, but that early morning kitchen conversation now kept Dean from reaching for it. He couldn’t read it before it was done. He’d wait like he told Cas he would. The tension built around the small bound notebook.
“Thanks, ‘s almost done just gotta let it simmer now.” Dean said wiping his hands on his ‘what’s cookin’ good lookin’ “ apron.
Dean shot him a flirtatious look before connecting them in a kiss briefly. Cas sat himself up and got onto Dean's lap, licking Dean’s mouth softly before going in and deeply kissing him again.
They went up to Castiel and Dean favorite not so secret spot that was surrounded by beautiful mountains.
On our lips.
“I’ve noticed the small extra things you’ve been doing lately to show how much you care for your family, for Jack and for me…” Cas said with his voice drifting quietly. “Please correct me if I’ve misread this as more…” His voice was hushed and rolling like thunder in the distance.
“Yeah.. yeah I just forgot something last night.”
“But seriously Cas , you know I’ve driven worse ” He smirked softly resting his check against the sleek feathers.
“I’ve got a whole plan, called Max and let her and Beth know we’ were coming”
Cas moaned out letting himself get lost in his thrusts , his wings fluttering out with a small flash of light.
“They’re so amazing Cas.” Dean’s hand reached out and praised them with his hands.
He would never get over it , this heavenly warrior ... His lover ... His Angel.
“Okay, you’re right I’m the one acting weird,” Sam said mockingly as he turned his gaze back to the stack of books he had been hard at work organizing. Dean really wasn’t as sneaky as he thought he was but Sam wouldn’t tease him too much. Cas had already confirmed it without actually saying it outright and then Sam had caught him shuffling out of Dean’s room around four am a few days ago. Not that Sam didn’t know before that, but it was just further confirmation. They shared a knowing nod and Sam swore he heard Cas giggle. Honestly, he didn’t know if he was ready for what awaited him once the cat was out of the bag.
I close my eyes
And by nightfall Vermont was finally in view next exit on the right , and straight into the small mountain town.
“This is so impressive.” Castiel breathed out.
“Some’ bacon?” He muttered.
“Are you purposely torturing him or something?” He asked once Dean had left the room.
The night was crisp and clear just as the chipper weather person had predicted but Dean knew even if it had been a cloudy evening Castiel would eventually wander out, sometimes before dinner other times it would be before the crack of dawn.. occasionally on quiet nights Dean would hear the soft shuffle of Cas’s feet leaving his room and he’d have the urge to follow but always decided against it.
You gave a throaty rumbling laugh
Cas blinked at the page and grinned,  he then basked in the smell of coffee in the air and the sight of his already packed bags by the bedroom door.
Cas shook it softly.
The smile Cas gave him made his cheeks burn.
“Ready to go Cas?” He called out.
“Yeah …” Dean agreed. “Not going to lie, it’s been...a lot to adjust to.” He settled on.
Max skipped behind her mother and next to Cas.
“Thank you love ...” Castiel said eyeing Dean’s pink lips.
Cas smiled softly as he left the kitchen, and headed towards the outdoors.
Dean turned his attention falsely to his coffee and hummed in response. His throat was growing tight.
on the steering wheel
Dean nodded as he listened.
Sent it rolling through me.
“Hmmm.” Dean said, pretending to think about it. “Nah, just enjoy the ride,” Dean said clearly teasing Cas.
Dean would opt to take a more scenic route for His husband who adored stopping to take photos of the landscape and sky.
Just breathing each other in , the whole world melted around them.. all they could see was  each other.
& in my open palm.
Cas’ smile was genuine and soft. Dean’s mind was drowning. He didn’t deserve that smile. He broke their eye contact and looked to his feet.
When before
“If , you promise to actually let me take over driving when you get tried.” Cas said expecting Dean to resist.
“Mmm?” Cas hummed looking up from his papers.
Than dimly lit motel rooms
Cas wasn’t pushing him but he felt Dean’s eyes on him more so than they had been previously and he considered that a feat of its own.
Dean chuckled.
Cas was busy pouring and preparing Mr.Coffee for another pot. Dean tore his eyes from the notebook that lay open on what might be less than a quarter way through its lined pages. He caught one word before he decided it was unsafe to linger.
Dean’s senses were filled with a buzzing warmth.
“Sammy!” Dean called rounding the corner into the library.
We are , we are
This was the dawn of their last day and they intended to make the most of it.
Even after these three years together and one full year of retirement he still felt the pang in his chest at the thought of all the times he’d lost Castiel all the times he swallowed his feelings or hid from himself.
“Yes,” Cas said breathing in the sweet scent in the air.
With each time Dean would catch a glimpse of Castiel writing, early morning or late at night. The pages falling heavily into the right side, less and less pages left to fill.
Cas silently pulled Dean into a tight embrace and they wordlessly clutched each other until Dean’s breathing had stopped catching in his throat and tumbling into hearty sobs.
“Hello Dean, I’m just about finished with my poetry, although it’s mostly filled with half-finished sketches....”
I’m starting to believe
“You looked like you could use some fresh air,” Cas told him.
Dean watched as the wheels kept turning in that once all-knowing head.
Cas turned his whole body to face the green eyed man his eyes searching.
“Stay?” Was all Dean could utter his forehead resting against the crook of Cas’ neck.
Dean’s devilish grin widened. “Or what?”
“Stay right there.” Dean said quickly getting himself out of the car.
Your hands sit comfortable
“What’s that suppose to mean?” Dean propped himself up against the couch.
———————————————————-
“Dean.” Castiel weakly protested.
You’ll later have to remind me
Dean nodded. “She talked about Bees only half as much as you do.” Dean teased.
“It’s a days drive if conditions permit...”
Dean nodded.
Cas collapsed next to his husband feeling like he was flying.
It wasn’t anything special and maybe it was too fast but Dean couldn’t bring himself to waste another second.
“Yeah, ‘vanquished countless scores of minions of Hell in order to liberate me’,” Dean says gruffly.  “So I heard.”
Before Dean gets there, the puzzle pieces of what just happened shuffle together and Sam guffaws.
“Are you sure you’re all right?  I did try healing you already, just in case there was something actually wrong, but you seemed fine.  Just … unresponsive.”
“You should keep that thing to yourself, kid, or it could get you into a lot of trouble.”
The angel’s brow furrowed, unsure of how to answer that question, but he needn’t have bothered, as the elder Winchester steamed on, his hands gesturing sharply under Castiel’s nose with his Purgatory-made weapon.
Benny just ignored the protestations and pushed the hunter on down their path.
The hunter laughed, a harsh exhalation that sounded like sandpaper on his deep voice.  “Keep me from being hurt?  Are you shitting me?”
Every inch of his body took it in turns to ache and tingle with excitement.  Castiel couldn’t even be certain of his ability to process all of the sensations tumbling across his nerves, but Dean’s response encouraged him so much that he tried again, this time with much more confidence, sliding the entire flat of his hand along the denim-covered bulge.  Dean’s hips jerked against Castiel’s forearm, and the hunter released the angel’s hand to dart back and clasp a firm grip on the round of Castiel’s buttock.  A languid roll of Dean’s hips, bringing him alternately forward against the hand at Dean’s front and then back to grind against Castiel’s erection pressed into Dean’s rear, had the angel letting loose a noise he wouldn’t have recognized as his own had he not felt it scrape its way out of his throat.
Of course, Dean’s not a proper gauge of good sex manners apparently.  I mean, he just had pushy, slightly angry sex with his favorite person in the world – aside from Sam, obviously – and judging from the state of the room around him, it may have been a bit earth-shattering.  Also, Dean has at one point banged what was essentially Cas’s sister.  So yeah, maybe Dean’s not an authority on the Emily Post of sex.
look stiff – Dean eventually dropped his head off his bent elbow and laid down on his back, staring up into the canopy of leaves overhead.  He snuck a small glance back at Castiel, who had allowed his eyes to close and his face to fall slack.
.”  This time, when Dean looks up at Sam his gaze fixes and holds with an unreadable expression.  “No, I haven’t yet but I was just going to with my brother.  Ugh, you’re such a nag.”  Dean laughs.  “No,
Hope you enjoy this chapter, lovies.  The next few will be a very different tonal shift, but this one sets up where I go next.
*****
Dean chafed his hand against the back of his neck before grabbing at the angel’s sleeve and tugging him back behind a large tree.
Cas’s face is fierce again.  “I thought we talked about your impatience, Dean.  And my lack of mercy.”
“Then what
That particular part of this crap storm actually made his lips quirk up just a bit in self-depreciating humor as he broke his litany of prayer to shake out the tremors in his hands. During the day, constant combat, fear, and adrenaline kept his body running but when the endless nights descended with no warning, darkness slamming down on them like a curtain of nothingness, his limbs started to shake, his stomach heaved, and his head screamed. It seemed a weirdly appropriate demise for someone like Dean: he was just fine with the infinite hack-and-slash killing sprees that were the make-up of Purgatory, but when that was wiped away his whole body buckled for lack of a good stiff drink. If it wasn't him dealing with this shit-heap of a situation, he definitely would have found it funny.
"Damn right.  Maybe someday, if you're a very good boy, I'll tell you the story," he says, satisfied.  He makes a little grunt of pleasure.  "Sexiest car I've ever seen."
Dean thunks his head against the back of the chair just for good measure.
“You don’t always have to—” Dean started again but decided to try a different tack.  “Things are different now, Cas.  Things are going to be different between us even when we get home.  You can see that, right?  How things are going to change?”
Dean opens his mouth to give some wise ass crack, tries to give another cocky smirk, but it’s an obvious mistake.  Cas’s voice sharpens as he spits out another question.
The kid laughs.  “Don’t worry, sugar, it’s only because I know what I’m looking for.”
The simple bluntness with which his friend delivered the words made Dean's heart stutter in his chest. The blue-eyed gaze fixed on him again, simple and naïve and open this time, and Dean found that whatever words he had thought about saying stuck somewhere in the back of his throat. The motel backdrop flickered around them and, without really meaning to command it to do so, Dean changed the scenery.
“Maybe … maybe a bit,” he said slowly.  “I guess I always just pictured you as this pure thing that wouldn’t have sex unless it ... it was ….”
“I thought I made it clear, Dean,” he growls.  “You will get what I decide you will get,
don’t want to have to come in after you.”
Dean shoots up next to Cas and does a quick self-evaluation.  Cas trails a light skim of fingers from Dean’s thigh, around the curve of his ass, over his hip bone and heading towards his cock which, wonder of wonders, gives an interested twitch.  Cas leans forward and takes Dean’s bottom lip between his teeth momentarily and now Little Dean is way more than interested.
“I told you once, Dean, back in Bobby Singer’s kitchen: you should show me some respect.  I’m not just ‘a baby in a trench coat’, I’m not ‘that nerdy dude with wings’.  I am the only seraph left of the scores that once roamed Heaven; I witnessed the creation of your entire world; I vanquished countless scores of minions of Hell in order to liberate you from the Pit.  And that was before I even began to think about altering the entire course of history
“Not indefinitely, but for the next few hours or so.”
He stalked over to the monster coughing and sputtering at the base of the maple tree.  Another burst of hot sparks zinged through his shoulder.  He bent down and closed in on the creature’s face.
Somewhere during Dean’s internal monologue, Cas’s other hand slides between their bellies and under Dean’s leg.  The ‘sneaky hand’, as Dean now thinks of it, tugs gently at his testicles – earning a groan – but then presses two fingers to the rim of Dean’s entrance.  Then a cold tingle.  Weird.  Almost as if Cas is—
Benny chuckled.  “Please.  You may be the first member of the Upstairs Team that I’ve met in the flesh, but don’t think we don’t hear things down here, Doe Eyes.  I know exactly who you are and what you’ve done.  Don’t forget: I was one of the souls you swallowed when you popped the top off the box.”
*mwuah!*
Of course, Dean’s not a proper gauge of good sex manners apparently.  I mean, he just had pushy, slightly angry sex with his favorite person in the world – aside from Sam, obviously – and judging from the state of the room around him, it may have been a bit earth-shattering.  Also, Dean has at one point banged what was essentially Cas’s sister.  So yeah, maybe Dean’s not an authority on the Emily Post of sex.
“Dean?” Sam’s voice, heavy with sleep, came to him from the bed behind him.  “What’s going on?  You all right?”
my sexual preference and leave it at that for now.”  Dean glances over his shoulder at Sam.  “So are we done with this?  Because I need a drink after that kind of talk.”
Sam shrugged and heaved a small sigh.  “Survivor’s guilt?”
“I’m telling you, brother, that he may not be full-blood human like you are, but those are the eyes of a man who’s just about made his mind up to ‘go native’; he just needs a door to walk through.  I suggest that you give a good long think towards whether or not you want to be the one to open the door for him.”
Without even looking up from where he draws his hands together on Dean’s breastbone, Cas corrects, “Seven and three-eighths, Dean.  Don’t be smug.”
Dean strips and redresses himself quickly and efficiently, running over the whole escapade in his head.  Okay, another mind-blowing orgasm; always a plus.  Discovered a completely unexpected kink for giving a rim job; a plus?  Maybe?  Potential plus, anyway.  Probably warrants further investigation.  On the down side, since this little foray once again veered heavily towards visions of Cas, Dean finds it hard to nail down whether he was aroused because of what he saw or because he tied it back to Cas.  He had definitely seen some things that sparked his interest before the “angel” peaked it, but things hadn’t escalated until he saw somebody that reminded him of Cas.  Which wasn’t exactly a bad thing, really, but Dean is starting to get the feeling that this may be more about more than just Dean’s ‘bond’ to Cas.
A/N - Obviously they never actually acknowledge that Dean gets an erection when Cas comes out of the bathroom after he gets back from Purgatory but ... come ON.  I defy anyone to watch that sequence and tell me it's anything other than Dean rearranging a boner.  I mean, Jensen Ackles could have chosen literally ANY other gesture if all he was trying to convey was nervousness/anxiety/discomfort/etc, but Cas walks out of a bathroom after an ugly duckling transformation and Dean just HAPPENS to adjust his CROTCH?!  Nope.  Inappropriate boner.  End of freaking list.
The angel watched at least twenty emotions chase themselves across Dean’s blunt features before he settled on insecurity and fear.  Dean took a faltering step backward.
“Uh … you saw what?” Sam mumbled.
Whatever the hunter saw in Castiel’s expression caused him to pant out a few shaky breaths before finishing his sentence.  “I don’t really know what that means.”
The angel took a few steps, bringing him close within Dean's realm of "personal space", but the hunter didn't complain. Castiel tilted his head to the side.
“I don’t remember anymore,” he rumbled in his low voice.  Cas nodded towards the battered piece of paper Dean scribbled on. “What is this song?”
“You know what, mutt?” Dean said.  “I believe you.”
When the blur of battle settled, a macabre detritus of severed body parts and moaning creatures ringed the angel who stood at the center of the clearing, his face devoid of expression but his chest heaving with rapid breaths.  His time here in Purgatory – a month? two?  Even with his abilities, it was hard to gauge -  had been spent in an inexorable whirl of bloodshed and steeply climbing body count.  Castiel couldn’t be certain that killing any of these things even did any good other than to keep himself alive, if he could even be said to be living in this place.  Would slaying the never-ending horde of beasts that came for him keep Dean any safer?  He couldn’t possibly know, though he tried to tell himself that every monster he had slain lessened the number out there to attack the hunter.  But did it really?  Did they simply respawn endlessly in perpetuity, forever doomed to snarl and hunt and die and regenerate the next day to repeat the pattern ad infinitum?  Was this their Hell?  Or, because it was an angel’s Hell, was it a monster’s heaven, this cycle of death and life and terror and warfare?
Nope.  No.  No burying, not anymore.  Dean Winchester is not a fucking coward.  Much. Not about sex anyway, God damn it.
“Cas, man, come on,” Dean mumbles into the stupid sex hair, where patches are starting to
Not Dean, though, it seemed.  Castiel dazedly became aware of the hunter chuckling softly beneath him, so he turned a curious expression to the merry green eyes that regarded him.
The angel nearly screamed in fury as he continued pacing an endless ring around their temporary campsite.  Livid with envy, the angel howled a challenge to the creatures in the night, aching for the release that would come from combat against a monster just as mad as he.
Dean knew his voice betrayed a bit of embarrassment, a little nervous twitch of fear that Cas would judge him somehow, as if it would undermine Dean’s image to do something so … creative.
Dean propped himself up on an elbow and shook his head, ignoring the flush rising on his cheeks.  “No, I … I mean, I wondered if you might lay down.  Here.  With me.  I know you don’t need to sleep,” Dean said hurriedly when the angel raised an eyebrow in mute surprise, “but I thought, I don’t know, can’t you guys meditate or something?”
“I never left,” Castiel answered with a frown.
bring himself to say the words, he just lifts his hands over his head, clasps his wrists together against the wall, and gives Cas a little eyebrow quirk that says,
The angel proved curious in his exploration of Dean’s mouth, his tongue sliding against his teeth, the roof of his mouth, the inside of his cheeks; everywhere that he could reach with the probing tip of his tongue, Castiel devoured the sensation with a low hum of pleasure that set Dean’s nerves humming.  Soon, the hunter’s hand was clamped against Castiel’s backside tightly, pushing against him to try to relieve some of the aching tension in their bodies.  Electrified, Dean wrenched the two of them up into a sitting position, pulling the angel up to straddle his lap.  A small smile picked at Dean’s lips as he used his new leverage to grapple with the folds of the trench coat, forcing it from Cas’s shoulders with a grunt and rushing to ensure that his shirt followed suit.
"Mmm," Castiel remarked. "I felt when her hand touched the mark on your shoulder, yes."
“If you let it, this is going to keep messing with you; you’ve got to walk past it.”
And his stomach drops again but Dean doesn’t look panicked or upset, just nervous, so Sam tries not to jump to a worst case scenario.  Dean looks down at the table, takes a deep breath, and when he squares his shoulders and addresses Sam again, it’s with the air of someone who knows they have to pull off a Band-Aid and wants to do it as quickly as possible.
(See the end of the chapter for
Okay, on the one hand, sending a picture to a stranger who now has his phone number is probably a bad idea.  On the other hand … well, flirting with this dude has been more fun than any of the girls he’s had a crack at lately.  So he plays it a bit safe.
“No mojo,” Dean said, trying to sound stern but it just ended up coming out sluggish.  The cool touch on his hot forehead helped chase away some of his headache; his eyelids began to droop.
