This answer was confirmed two days into their journey when group accidentally chose a site to camp in near three rather large mountain trolls. Bert, Bill, and Tom had the hobbit strung up by his arms and legs before the dwarves could cause any damage in their impromptu defense of their burglar.
It takes him a minute to decide to accept the help, taking hold of the hand before him, and accepting the help up.
If it was possible to get away or on the same watch shift, the two took advantage of it. They were always careful to not let the others in on their little secret. Though neither thought they had met their One, or soulmate, they truly didn’t believe they were each other’s purely because they were both male as well as one being a dwarf and one a hobbit.
Gasping aloud as his tongue closes over the blonde’s nipple, James’ hands pause for the briefest moment before he returns to removing his clothes, or trying to anyways. He is having fun making it difficult on the agent as he takes the older man’s own lust and desire doubles it and channels it back. This is what it can be like between a sentinel and guide when the connection is good. Though this connection is far stronger than the one he felt the first time he ever connected to a sentinel.
is injured, nearly dead. Someone needs to pay. Damn it, instincts are a real bitch sometimes. It’s probably a good thing he’s the only alpha in this active case.
“Damn it Rory, how could you let me walk away with her when it was you that I kept connecting with?” there is something he doesn’t dare put a name to in the sentinel’s voice.
Kaylee jumped in next, “Wait a tick! Inara, what was she saying? What names to what colors?”
How could he not realize that Jacob was his Antonio?
Chapter 13 written by JaimiStoryTeller
Max’s POV
Pale dawn light filters through the colorful and vibrant trees of the park she is walking in. The air is naturally calm, a light misting fog settling over everything, not because she is making it that way, but because there is only the softest of breezes to move the air. It is surprisingly warm for late fall, allowing her to wear only a light jacket outside and making the air hazy.
Tumblr version for those who might wish to rebog/like it
Jayne used his foot to open her door, placing the sleeping woman on her thankfully still unmade bed and tucking her in. One he tucked River in, he smoothed her hair as it created a halo around her head on the pillow. He knew he had to get himself out of her room before anyone found him there and accused him of any wrongdoing. Kissing her dark curls, the merc pulled himself from her bedside, having to pry her small hands from his sweat stained t-shirt, he closed her door and made his way to his own bunk. Suddenly he felt exhausted, like she had drawn the anxiety right out of him just from holding him close for a few short minutes until she fell asleep. He fell into his bunk halfway through the sleep cycle, sleeping better than he had in years.
I wasn’t sure how I ended up on the beach in that tent, our tent. I guess subconsciously it seemed like a fitting place to end up. It all began here on this beach. I sat there, watched the first colors of the sunrise crest over the horizon, and could feel myself being watched. I knew it was him, there was always something about him. We had promised to keep a piece of each other with ourselves.
'Aukai - seafarer.
. That would be enough for him at this point. He’s not sure when his drive for justice became a drive for answers. Probably at the same time as he started needing answers. Lots of answers. Sooner than later.
Chapter 7 written by JaimiStoryTeller
Harry Hart was 38 when he his timer ran down. He’d lived so long with such a high number on his wrist, he learned to ignore the decreasing time. Thirteen years as an agent had taught him to not think about such trivial things. He honestly believed he’d be dead before his clock ran out and he wouldn’t need to worry about it. As Merlin always told him, “Expect the unexpected and prepare for surprise.”
Though, his eyes sweep over the younger man again, he doesn’t really have to. His instincts are screaming at him, every part of them wanting to defend and protect.
“Maria DiNozzo,” her hostess replies, a warm smile curving her lips, “I’ll answer anything I can, but I do not know how much that will be.”
Taking the silence as his turn, Peeta stepped forward, blue-eyes searching her own gray ones for an answer, “Please, just put us out of our misery. We both think we’re your soulmate.” He attempted to reach for her hand, only to have hers jerk back. A hurt look flashed over his face quickly before he stepped back and asked, “Which one of us is it?”
“Kaylee, dear, that means Jayne and River are soulmates as well.”
It was mind boggling and wonderful.
Tumblr:
Forcing himself to return his hand to where it was, he watches as the taller man gently cups it between both of his hands. Colors explode before his eyes, the world changes from tones of silver and gray to vibrant and bright, shadowy and dull, but all so much more than the grays he has spent his life seeing in. Startled, he studies the tall man, assigning colors, or what he thinks are the names of colors, to what he sees before him. Dark gray-blue eyes, creamy skin with freckles of pink scattered across his face, and dark brown hair with auburn highlights.
In her room, she settles on the edge of the bed, carefully breaking the seal and unfolding the letter to read.
I could feel he had jumped when I started to laugh, tears still in my eyes. I twisted myself and sat up on my knees in hopes of being taller than him, gaining some higher ground. I must’ve looked like an insane woman, still laughing as I threw my hands in the air and repeated his ridiculous question, “What’s wrong? What’s wrong?” I knew my voice was steadily raising, but he had such a guilty look on his face, I don’t think I could have ever stayed mad at him. I loved him too much.
No. Not just a memory, their daughter. A beautiful child with both of their bloods in her. She would ask her mum to make sure that she carried it, that their daughter lived no matter what the cost to her, she would pay it, and pay it willingly.
What.
It becomes a bit of a blur after that, James finally gets his shirt off and the two of them tumble onto his bed where they take their time touching and tasting each other. Learning about each other’s bodies, likes, dislikes, and everything in between. By the time James starts to prepare him, readying to complete the link.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
Changing gears, he smirks, answering the earlier question, “Yes.”
his sentinel mentally gasps as his tongue laps at the spider-web hole from where he was shot by Moneypenny.
I took his hands in mine and placed them on either side of my belly as I spoke with determination, “Though it may not seem like much, this womb is carrying your child. Doctor Aaron estimated six months before I left Miami.”
Kaile'a - joyful sea, sea of joy.
“Mr. Lewinsky, I’ll alert you to the dates you need to arrive at court.” Gareth announces, drawing his attention.
Her life might not be what she was expecting, but it would be a good one. She would live as healthily and joyously as she could, and if she sometimes mourned what she never had a chance to have, who had to know besides her.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
Peeta kissed her temple as he murmured, “Oh Katniss…” into her ear.
Then came the female scientist, and his perfect match driving off with her, because apparently he loves her.
“You knew,” the agent nearly snarls at him.
the lack of mark told him otherwise.
“My room would probably be better for this,” he mutters, not answering the question.
No one could have known what would happen.
He was beginning to think it was just that, a dream. He worked out more, trying to release his frustrations. No matter how long he stayed at his weight bench, River never stopped dancing or singing. She stayed as long as he, kept him company. He bet crazy girl could feel the tension radiating through his body. He'd been working out in the cargo bay, going on three hours. Jaune couldn't sleep, coming here in hopes of wearing out his body and active mind.
Tumblr:
At first, no one spoke until, “Catnip, –”
he replies absently, his hands coming up to clutch at the front of James’s shirt. This has to be a dream, he has finally lost himself inside a swoon from pushing too hard to try and forget.
Forcing himself to move away from the bed, he heads into the hall. Glancing at the guards, he frowns absently. Both are betas. The fact there are so many betas is definitely to his favor. This is not a situation he wants to involve others in.
Actually, he should call Juka and have his friend come confirm what his senses are telling him.
I saw Mockingjay part 2 when it premiered and it’s been stuck in my head: Peeta Mellark/Katniss Everdeen/Gale Hawthorne. (small excerpt from the book provided with the story following.)
“Mates,” he whispers under his breath, tasting the word and everything it means. It feels right. Like coming home after a long shift and being comforted by someone who cares.
Steve’s POV
This is continued in
He stilled in shock still holding the medal out until those green eyes looked up at him innocently. Thankfully Michelle was still in tears behind him and hadn’t heard the beep, though she wouldn’t notice until months later that it was no longer ticking. The boy, Eggsy, wouldn’t know what it meant, but his wrist beeped once as well. Hastening along his spiel about the medal, the veteran agent would leave the family in relative peace for the next seventeen years.
It wasn’t until three years into their five year mission when he and Uhura decided to end things. Logically, the decision was sound. Seeing the other crew return to their families sparked a renewed interest in seeking out his possibly still aboard soulmate. Especially Lt. Sulu with his husband, Ben, and their daughter, Demora.
Chapter 6 written by NoOrdinarySouthernGirl
It’s not often two soulmates are chosen for one person, but when it
It was quiet and dark except for the light coming from the direction of the kitchen. Buttercup, laying on the windowsill, hissed at them as they entered before jumping out the window and into the later afternoon. They walked slowly through the house until they joined the other two in the kitchen.
She was always muttering, the crew knew, but lately it had started evolving. Colors. Always colors. River would stare at them and under her breath she would repeat their names and colors.
Tumblr:
How would you feel if you had a countdown on your wrist that told you exactly when you would meet your soulmate? Would the time be short or long? Would you get nervous when the time was near or excited?
The academy cafeteria was popular for serving real peanut butter, and something called Nutella, at breakfast. Just the names alone told Spock that it was best to avoid them. Instead, a vegetarian meal among nature.
Is this why he was shot in the knee rather than the head? Is this why Jacob looked at him as if they knew each other? Is this why his instincts fought against him when they fought three years prior?
Slowly the major studies first him, then John before a warm smile lights up his face. “I would.”
The slamming of the butcher knife onto the wooden counter made both men jump as she stopped chopping and leaned against the counter with both hands bracing her body, head down. The only time she could hide her emotions was when her hair was down and in her face, as it was now.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
He felt it stronger than ever. Only thing… now there was a smaller flame burning between them. The medical chart confirmed it.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
got a son.
He chuckled and I could feel him press a kiss to my hair. Laying his head against mine, he began to explain in detail his conversation with Yolanda just outside of the gate. He kissed my head again, “I’m sorry, we would have used English if we had known you were listening, out of respect.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Max?” Sarah’s voice breaks through his thoughts and emotions.
So how is it the girl, no, woman he had a crush on for years end up being his best friend? One closer than any other friendship in his life.
“Why did Gareth Jones end up having the fees paid to take my case?” he queries, watching the tallers man’s expression.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
“It’s a pattern. Captain, I think Jayne may actually be right about something this time.”
His parents had since returned to Vulcan, and with no desire to truly seek out his soulmate, he sought the advice of his mother. The final decision was to accept the commission on the Enterprise.
“But ‘soulmates’, honey? Isn’t that a myth?”
Katniss lifter her head, fire in her eyes as she pointed at the chest of both men, “You can either stay or go. I won’t choose between
He hears echoing through his mind, without a word of it being said aloud, “
Again his hand hovers over the young man’s foot. This boy is just a few months older than he was when he first met Antonio. Jacob. Damn it. Which is the real name?
She tilts her head, studying him for a moment before head butting him, hopping out of his arms, and leaving with her tail high in the air.
Haymitch finally pulled the two apart before shouting at them in frustration, “Stop fighting, you two. She’s right here.” He pointed behind the boys.
Tumblr:
Since the first moment he touched James he knew the sentinel was his perfect match. Not that very many people realized he was a guide. He was pretty good at making people think he was only a low level empath. So when his sentinel was repeatedly injured, he kept helping the other man out. Showing up at unexpected times to deliver something that the agent ‘needed’ in person, just lightly making sure they touched, just enough that he could restore balance to him.
A little over two weeks of avoiding the hobbit and the constant bowls of green provided by their hosts, the dwarves made their escape as the elves and wizards held council across the house. They would meet up with their gray companion later. If the group thought their journey would be calm for the time being, they were sorely wrong. Who could have predicted the mountains would be in all out war with each other?
There was that hint of smile again, “Si, Cuban. Then you turned and for a brief second I was so happy when I was your belly so full of life. Carlo said you were too small for the child to be mine. That you had been gone too long and would try to pin another man’s baby on me like what happened to him.” His voice sounded like he was beating himself up about it, “And I, of course, listened to him.”
When a firm hand grabs his wrist, pulling him away from his project he is not sure if he is furious or pleased. Instinctively he lashes out with his anger and pain, only unlike the other sentinels who he always stops short of breeching their shields he doesn’t with James and connects to his mind, sharing everything he never intended to share.
The agent responds to his thoughts, deepening the kiss and maneuvering them to his sofa.
When he first met John Watson, invalided army doctor, he knew that John was going to be his soulmate. Only when they finally touched after the case was done, there was no burning, no mark, nothing. Despite the fact every part of him was telling him that John was
Amusement fills both soldiers faces as they look at him.
” he replies in the same method, even clearer now that the link was being completed, “
Flashing a smile, the tall man introduces himself as, “Gareth Jones, from the Jones & Clearwater, LLP.”
Peeta ducked his head and stood back from the taller man. He’d let Gale make his case first.
kind of soulmates - platonic. How could this man, who felt little for even his own brother, be the other half of his being?
As he pins the not-Jacob to the wall, his senses catch Jacob’s scent passing by, quietly, quickly, without fanfare. If he hadn’t been searching for that particular combination of omega and beta-blocker scent that blends so well together, he never would have caught it because it is so light. Despite that, he ignores it as he terrifies the beta in front of him, making sure the patsy’s scent is the dominate one in the area. That way if an alpha from one of the other units shows up, well they’re definitely not going to catch the scent.
They would sit like this until his mind had calmed and she wound her way into his arms only to fall asleep.
“Remarkable,” the posh git murmurs, releasing his hand and straightening as he asks, “Would you like to go to dinner with me?”
The sentinel’s mouth opens and shuts before sighing. “Your points made.”
Glancing way, the doctor swallows hard before looking back at him steadily and answering, “After the marks appeared she admitted that the baby was David’s and she was only marrying me because I would be able to protect the child from people trying to harm her.” He shrugs, continuing, “I asked Mycroft to push an annulment through. He did so with surprisingly little fuss. So here I am, with my two favorite people in the world, one I thought I lost years ago, and the other I almost lost today.”
John had always known he and Sherlock were soulmates. The moment he set eyes on those dark curls, his body filled with a shock of electricity unlike any he’d ever felt before.
Looking between the two young men, Haymitch crossed between them and up onto the porch. He turned to look at the boys questioningly, “You two comin’ in or not?”
Angrily he had thrown himself into his work, more so than normal, putting the staff and agents through their paces far more than anyone expected. So much so that the sentinels that often worked in the field started avoiding him, only mutes came near him.
So he had gone with the major to the hospital, not stopping to talk to John because wasn’t he already lost to him? He was married after all. While he waited for the older man to wake up, he got lost in his thoughts.
His hands started to road upwards from my shoulder and into my hair. It felt too divine to shake off so I let him continue as he spoke, “What I was saying is that you didn’t understand what we were saying, translation out of context.” Javier’s right hand reached into my lap for my own hands resting there, rubbing his thumb along the knuckles.
The company of dwarves quickly found themselves in the presence of The Great Goblin of the Misty Mountains. Surrounded by thousands of goblins, stripped of their weapons and possessions. The only silver lining to this situation was that the hobbit wasn’t among the group. He’d disappeared. Hopefully not dead.
The following morning she spends the day wandering the city, remembering those days spent fondly. She knows logically that they would have had their arguments and disagreements, that there would have been bad days, but the good days would have outweighed them. They would have found a way to make it work, because that’s what bondmates do. instead, all she will ever have is the memory of what could have been.
Max’s POV
This is chapter is part of my Pack Verse, and is a look at what Madeline dreams her mate will be like
“Do you know where my home is?” Rory asks, tilting his head and smiling slightly since he is quite sure that the sentinel does know.
“Rory,” the older man groans when they separate, “Damn it, why didn’t you say?”
“Well then, I’ll be in touch, a pleasure to meet you Mr. Lewinsky,” the barrister announces, offering him a hand to shake before standing and leaving.
“Why are you here Jacob?” he inquires as he moves closer to the taller man. Actually taking the time to study the thief as more than just a target to arrest. Dark chocolate eyes watch him, full of amusement, curiosity, and just a touch of hope. The exposed rich cream skin at his neck where Jacob’s shirt is open makes him want to press his lips against the hollow of the thief’s throat and shows the beginning of his muscular chest.
Nipping his collarbone through his shirt, the sentinel asks age, “Why didn’t you say?”
Her first sense that something big is about to happen comes from the instinct to look around, to search for the presence that she can feel deep within her empathy.
Nodding, he took off in the direction of clicking heels as they rounded a corner. Katey hadn’t lived in Havana long before she was forced to leave so there were only a few places she thought she would go - places they had spent time in secret together.
Chapter 20 written by NoOrdinarySouthernGirl
“How’d I know you’d come here,” the thief remarks.
Tumblr:
As soon as the taller man reaches for his hand, he automatically jerks backwards, perhaps instinctively knowing his life is about to change forever.
It is amazing and beautiful and just a bit awkward, but it is everything it should between them.
He thinks about it as he moves closer, still studying the taller man.
Only, Antonio doesn’t care, never has. Or did he? Is that why the boy he’s staring at with the type of soft curls he’d have if he didn’t keep his hair short and back, has a Scottish name and his name for a middle name? Is that why the scent filling this room makes his instincts rise to the surface, wanting to protect this boy and find his father.
The first time was near the med buildings, then later in the trial of his future friend, James T. Kirk. Spock had no way to really narrow down the culprit due to the sheer population of San Francisco and Starfleet Academy.
During the time they had lived together, John began to believe that maybe they were the
Being half human always had its downfalls in Spock’s mind. While he had a Vulcan’s biology for the most part, he had unfortunately inherited his mother’s allergy to nuts, all kinds.
He’s surprised when two days later he is released from the holding cell. A lawyer he could never afford waiting for him as he exits the building.
The two of them make their way through the house to the back garden where there is already a tea service for two set up. “I thought you might be back.”
He smiles, “Good, now follow me,” straightening, he brushes against the taller man as they leave the front entry and head to his bedroom.
When they reach his home, the older man parks, getting out and moving to open his door, they head inside after he undoes the security. As soon as they are inside the door and it is shut, the sentinel turns on him, pushing him against the door and kissing him soundly.
Everyone sees in black, white, and shades of gray until they meet their soulmate
He doesn’t respond, keeping his focus on his project and continuing to work. James left, quit, walked out. He needs to make these tools for those who are still around, agents he can actually help, even though most won’t come near him anymore. He really needs to get his empathy back under control and stop projecting his anger.
“Would you have listened?” he retorts, already knowing the answer.
Harry hadn’t been paying close attention to his clock when he met his soulmate, only the single beep that he almost caught too late.
With his body still wrapped securely around me, I could feel the tension in every muscle, the pace of his heartbeat speed up in time with his breathing. He spoke slow at first, “You know Carlo has a son.” I nodded, “Yes, Rafael.”
As his eyes snap open, he takes in one more look at the injured omega before turning away to talk to Sarah. Since they know where Ruan was staying, he will head there. After all, he might run into Jacob and maybe get the answers he is needing. Something, anything, everything.
He might not believe in perfect matches logically but his body is definitely saying they’re real.
“Can I help you?” she inquires looking down from the sky.
Kaiea - ringing sea.
After discovering her pregnancy, she had gathered the money together in order to return to Athens. It was only right that she tell Andrew what happened, that she had become pregnant from their shared time together. Only when she gets there, there is someone else living in his home, a young woman who has never heard of an Andrew, and cannot help her. Frustrated, because she had never thought to get more information from him, she had paused on the walkway and just stared up at the sky, contemplating what she was going to do next. Perhaps she should see about finding a seer to search for him.
How’s it even possible?
Chapter 8 written by NoOrdinarySouthernGirl
Javier crawled into the tent beside me, a small space left between us. He was leaving the rest up to me. I didn’t want to touch him, especially after I had heard the words “love” and “Javier” in the same heated conversation between him and Yolanda, who I thought was my friend.
The boys had shared looks of astonishment as they glanced at a nodding, and smiling, Haymitch.
“John?” He questions, trying not to show his confusion, “Why aren’t you on your sex holiday?” It’s hard to keep the bitterness out of his voice but he manages it somehow.
Like with John, he immediately felt that the major was supposed to be his, but nothing appeared when he touched his hand.
“I’m happy you approve,” he murmurs, half sarcastic, half not before turning to the large cat on his bed and stating, “Jinx there is no attacking James,” before leaning in to pick him up and hug him.“This is that cat I wanted to protect.”
With a ghost of a smile, “My apologies, Doctor.”
It didn't happen again until a week later, Jayne started to feel as if he had hallucinated River coming to him. Just as he was giving up the notion, she came to him as she had before, crawling onto the workout bend and wrapping her limbs around him like an octopus from Earth that was.
“She is indeed, a very handsome and beautiful girl,” the young man replies with a playful smile, “Go lay on the divan Jinx.”
When was the last time he had an one-night stand? His first year of uni, maybe his second.
Still fighting his arms, I spat out, “No what, Javier?” Oh God, those pregnancy hormones were going to be the death of me.
Standing there at the door of the hospital bed, going over the chart and X-rays with the attending doctor, he knew. He just knew.
It was almost dawn when Javier found Katey on the abandoned beach in a tattered tent near Hotel Oceana. He fully expected anger when he confronted her, but after all of this time Javier should have known she would defy his expectations.
Dinner should be interesting, he thinks, wondering where everything is going to go in the long  run.
Chapter 9 written by JaimiStoryTeller
When the Moriarty situation occurred, he found himself happy for the first time that he was not John’s soulmate, John would be able to easily get over his loss. Only he discovered when he got back that he really hadn’t and the woman that John was dating was more trouble than she was worth, but John decided to marry her even though they were not soulmates.
“Who are you?” he asks, voice full of suspicion as he eyes the tall man.
Tumblr:
The discussion with Michelle Unwin went about as well as could be expected when delivering news to a new widow who had no clue about her husband’s career choice. The young boy he’d noticed early was sitting in the middle of the living room floor playing with a snow globe. Harry had been too focused on his duties that he had taken no notice of his timer… until the very second he knelt down in front of the boy and it beeped.
Kainani - beautiful sea.
Tumblr:
Tumblr:
a son.
What is he going to do? This, this isn’t good. Why has any of this happened?
Gale spoke up, “You need to choose, Katniss. Me,” pointing to himself, ‘or him.” Waving a hand between the two, gray eyes pleading with her.
He’s got a son.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
Sleep was hard for her that night. She was too hyped up after attending her elder sister's formal public bonding to Aidan. She had been shocked when he took their family's last name, at least until his father and her teacher had explained the cobra custom behind it. The only reason they held a formal public bonding was so all branches of the family could attended and Aidan requested it under tradition. He is surprisingly traditional at times, though he is a cobra, and one thing she has learned is cobras are traditional so she's not sure why it’s surprising.
“You a’right?” Bucky asks, keeping him upright when his legs try to give out.
He’s relieved when he discovers that the bill has already paid, so he can just leave, catching a cab to his flat.
The other boy uses the hand not helping him stay upright to help in the search, reaching in his pocket and pulling it out. Carefully Bucky helps him use it, helping him even though they don’t know each other. Afterwards, they find a comfortable spot on the stoop of an apartment building.Hours are spent just talking and getting to know each other.
Unfortunately 8 year olds don't seem to remember anything after a long sleep. He knew he was forgetting something, but didn't remember until six weeks later when the crew was having family dinner and Jayne mentioned retreating to the cargo bay for a workout. Kai, forgetting to wait his turn to speak, interrupted Mal's dismissal of Jayne from the dinner table, blurted out he really liked Uncle Jayne had fallen in love with his Aunt River. If that didn't stop all conversation at the table and Jayne in his tracks with half of a dinner rolls sticking out of his mouth, Kai asking when he'd get a baby cousin sure was enough to send the captain and doctor into choking fits and a wide-eyed Jayne running for cover. Mal had already tried to space him once and the doc was a might handy with a scalpel.
He smiles as he replies, “Nice to meet you Mycroft, dinner?”
“’That girl’ has a name if you remember, Mal.”
Chapter 17 written by JaimiStoryTeller
Bilbo would almost wish he had been dead when he came upon the creature named Gollum. The precious ring within his sight might have made a good courting present to the king at first, if pull of the ring hadn’t been so strong. Strong enough that he could never let anyone know of it’s existence, much less let the creature know he’d lost the gold ring with beautiful script along the edges. Quick thinking helped him escape Gollum and the cave before he was eaten like the fish he’d seen the creature beating when he first woke up behind the rocks.
Confused by the abuse and emotion, he hadn’t noticed Katey had passed him, “Estupido, go after her! She’s an American alone in Havana at night.” As if being accosted by an elder wasn’t enough, he had been on the verge of tears and didn’t see the streak of blonde fly past as he should have.
That miracle came in the form of the eagles. Gandalf had called for their assistance. The drop site at Carrock was as far as they could be taken. The rest of the journey was up to them. Both hobbit and dwarf knew that this near miss was the kick they both needed to make their feelings known to the other, hoping they would each choose the correct option. Two unlikely souls from different paths in life, through much misunderstanding and struggle for power… their future would be set if they could achieve this journey and restore the kingdom of Erebor. The dwarf king would be happy with his hobbit consort.
Tumblr:
Lying on the ground, tied in a sack, watching a portion of his crew, his family, spinning on a fire pit Thorin had a moment to take in the sight of the hobbit. He was standing up attempting to distract the trolls from eating them right away. He’d seen the glimpse of Gandalf in the shadows as well. Bilbo had an idea that would most likely have worked if his imbecile cousins had kept their mouths shut. Seriously? Parasites?
The first time they touch, skin on skin contact is during the situation where Sarah dies and they end up revealing the corruption. It’s brief but oh does it have an effect on him. A tinge of recognition shoots through his body, setting his nerves ablaze.
Still looking down at our intertwined hands, “Then translate for me.”
“And us.”
With his eyes still locked onto the placement of our hands, he repeated, “Six months.” Brown eyes met my blue, “Mine?” I couldn’t help but copy his goofy smile of joy, “Yours.”
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
“He left these for me, but I think they would be better suited for you,” the older woman tells her fondly. “I kept my favorite, but the rest, the rest you take.”
“Well, that was -”
When he met Mary, he felt a tiny spark and ran with it. Believed he could make it work and have the family he’d always dreamed of.
Warmth runs through her body, a tingling sensation making her glance at her wrist as a small dot appears and slowly starts to morph into something more.
In his mind he can feel the link, and understands that is already forming, though incomplete. Will the finish it or will James wish to keep it as is?
Doctor McCoy had come back to the small shelter with a very small variety of possibly edible vegetation. Generally when the Vulcan was of sound mind and body, he would have been paying closer attention to the offerings. It wasn’t until he attempted to reach for a pile farthest away, did the doctor panic on him.
A small huff of laughter escapes the taller man, as he nods.
“I’ll be fine,” he manages to gasp between spasms, “Just need my inhaler.” His hands pat his shirt, trying to find and grab it.
River, on the other hand, he rarely spoke to in front of the rest of the crew. They would sit in silence in the cargo bay, he working out and she dancing to some invisible tune. If he stopped and stared, they were none the wiser, believing him to be giving her a look that said she was still crazy. Since they were no longer violent towards each other, and hadn't been for sometime, Mal decided they no longer needed constant supervision during this time.
Grabbing one of his kitchen knives, he slowly and quietly makes his way to the bedroom, lightly pressing the door open and keeping his back to it as he clears it. Confused, he glances around the flat now that all the doors are open only to stop in place as he spots Jacob lounging against his counter, a glass of water in his hands.
I remembered when Javier first told me that story, but I could feel there was more he needed to get out so I stayed quiet. “Last night when I saw you out there dancing, so free, so… so…”
This is a continuation of
“Inara, since when is Jayne right about something like that?”
Moana - ocean.
Alohilani - heavenly brightness.
Two weeks past without anyone connecting her words to a set pattern. When she didn’t show up to dinner, they took the opportunity to discuss their thoughts.
How is it possible the thief that shot out his knee is his soulmate? That just seems completely and utterly wrong. How could the man who nearly ruined his life be his perfect match?
When she finally does drift off, it is to memories of a vision once shown her. Slowly it builds up, ever the same and always different.
“Awe, come on, Simon, but so are we!”
What was he going to do?
“The link, the bond, you knew, you didn’t say but you knew.” The older man replies, striding closer.
“Something wrong?” his partner asks him, brows furrowed in concern.
I swatted his chest again for good measure as the silence resettled around us, this time comfortably.
How was he going to deal with this?
Then Krall.
The crew began to notice Jayne was less irritable during the day, but that chalked it up to long workouts and extra sleep.
I hesitated at first, I wasn’t sure how he would take the question because it involved his brother. I took his hand again, holding it between mine, admiring the differences in size and color. With a deep breath, I asked what had been weighing on my mind, “Javier, last night at La Rosa Negra when we were on the dance floor, what was it that Carlo whispered to you that made you leave so quickly?”
Instead, she keeps walking, waiting and anticipating whatever is to come. There is a very small chance of it being a threat, and if it is, her teacher has taught her several effective and dangerous ways to protect herself using the talents she has.
Unknown to Bilbo, and to the shock of the company, after the hobbit fainted from Bofur’s words and the contract, it was Thorin who leant down and picked up the small, prone form and carried him carefully into his bedroom with the direction of Gandalf. Having smoothed down the hobbit’s errant curls, the dwarf king cracked the bedroom door and joined the others in the main room where someone had rekindled the roaring fire. He was almost sure that Bilbo would choose to stay as far away from him and their company as possible. This would require thought.
Chuckling instead of answering, the two of them are off, weaving through the city at a high speeds.
“If you’ll excuse me?” she politely questions.
Chapter 16 written by NoOrdinarySouthernGirl
Only…
The devastation.
She is sure he says his name, but she doesn’t catch it, too busy staring at the one who’s supposed to be hers.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
The two of them retreat to a small cafe to discuss his case. As he listens, he is barely able to keep his attention on the barrister. Instead, he thinks about who could have done this. The only person he keeps coming up with is Jacob. Why would the professional thief do that? Did Jacob realize they were soulmates? Did the thief feel guilty over what happened?
Chapter 11 written by JaimiStoryTeller
As his eyes sweep over the younger man, he gives a small shake of his head. He can see it, now that he is looking, in the similar hair and features that are a combination of his and Antonio.
“Fine,” he mutters, motioning to the barrister.
His half-brother probably won’t be happy with him crashing on the sofa, but it’s better than nothing.Of course, he will stop by his flat first, get a few changes of clothes, maybe a few of his more personal items.
“Rory,” the sentinel breaths out, hand releasing his wrist to cup his face before kissing him so softly he thinks it must be a dream. James picked her, not him. “
“Soulmates.” That’s it. One word. Gathering a couple rolls, he pushed back his chair and left the dining area.
The brunette stood still in shock while still holding her bow and pheasant staring at them. Shaking herself free, Katniss breathed out, “Peeta? Gale? What are you both doing here?”
This time was different though. Previous times had only been physical. Something about now changed. At the moment of release, a heat spread through them both. Both could feel in their hearts that they were it. The One.
Across the ship, Jayne sat with his soulmate. If he had to be purple, he was glad it was with his crazy girl.
The first time they slept together was after the goblin tunnels and Bilbo saved him from the wargs. Thorin hugged him and a spark was ignited. All that was needed was a simple touch to realize they were soulmates though if they had realized it at the time, it’s not exactly something they would be telling the rest of the Company. The group already had enough to handle without this new addition so no one noticed.
Forcing himself to relax, he sets the knife down, “Because you know how hard headed I am,” he responds calmly.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
They quickly leave the boffins domain, heading outside to the waiting car. As they climb in the younger man is happy that it has been cleaned and does not smell of the doctor’s perfume.
When he is within touching range, he offers his hand, accepting hers and bowing over it to kiss it politely.
Ruan Maxim Sternwood, son of Jacob A. Sternwood. Born June 5th, 1993. No information provided for the second parent. Male omega, present at fourteen and six months.
Tumblr:
Chapter 10 written by NoOrdinarySouthernGirl
In a low, emotionally charged voice she spoke, “Stop it. Stop trying to make me choose.” Lifting her head, she looked them both in eye for a long second before continuing, “I can’t live without either of you,” she took a shaky breath, “and now with Prim gone, I won’t.” Her voice nearly broke as she spoke her sister’s name. It was still hard to speak about, much less think about.
Dread fills her, something is wrong and this letter explains it. Her instincts tell her it is not something she should read around others.
Several more ideas were thrown around the table by Wash, Kaylee, even Zoe tossed in her own ideas.
It’s all in a sound.
Reviews and comments are always welcome by both us!
This follows after
“Careful, having one of you in here is enough, lets not make it both.” His soulmate remarks jokingly.
We lay back in the sand, with a our hands protectively over my still growing belly, Javier whispered in my ear something I actually understood, “La Rosa de La Habana.” The Rose of Havana.
A small, knowing smile plays at the edge of Jacob’s lips, as if agreeing with that statement.
“Wash, every myth comes from somewhere.”
“Do y’all have any idea what’s going through that girl’s head?”
So after meeting Sean Maher this past weekend, I’m feeling some Firefly
“Will you need housing arrangements?” the barrister inquires, “I am aware that your flat has become a crime scene and that you were set up to take the fall for your partner’s death.”
Tumblr:
No, Jacob. Antonio, the handsome and unique omega he still remembers fondly, is Jacob Sternwood, the man who shot out his knee three years prior after a rather adrenaline filled chase and fight. How’s it even possible that the last omega he slept with, could be the same person as the thief he’s been hunting? It seems almost impossible.
Gùyōng bīng méiyǒu shé me húndàn - Chinese simplified - mercenary good for nothing bastard
“Excuse me?” a plump, dark-haired woman with only the vaguest scent of wolf comments, hand lightly hovering over her elbow without actually touching it.
“Max?” the beta sounds confused, even a bit concerned as she watches him.
Apparently Jacob is not answering that question, which he finds both curious and frustrating. He really prefers to know people’s motives, it’s part of why he became a cop. Why is Jacob here? Just to ask him to dinner? What for? He can’t think of a single reason why the thief would be here. Or why the thief made sure he got a good lawyer, because he sure as hell knows it wasn’t his half-brother and he doesn’t have any friends with that sort of money. Yes, they could be great together, that was acknowledged when he felt the soulmate bond take hold, but he doubts that Jacob would care about that.
John POV
Moana of Motunui felt the pull of the ocean from the time she was a baby, listening to the stories her grandmother would tell the other little ones. Her dream was to sail past the reef at least once in her short life. The ocean chose her as a toddler, waiting until she matured enough to understand the meaning behind the stone now in her possession and the curse on their island thanks to Maui's actions plunging the surrounding world into darkness. Grandma told her a secret: from the day she was born, she was destined to track down the marooned Maui and force him to restore the heart of Tawhiti.
“No, I should be with my guide, you are my guide. I never realized exactly how important that was until I tried connecting with her, she’s a low level empath and guide herself, but it felt wrong on too many levels. We parted ways,” the blonde explains, seeming to answer his thoughts again.
Because I recently saw Spectre and am back on a 00Q trip
“You’re married,” he replies, as if it explains everything.
He looks away, ignoring the twinge of pain in his knee. Who did this and why is one of the best criminal barristers here?
At the wedding the photographer tried to killed John’s previous commander, James Sholto and he had managed to talk the older man into letting him save him on the condition he solved the crime so that’s what he did.
The moment their skin touched, they each felt something, but both too proud to make it obvious. They held their masks well. The simplicity of Thorin stalking past the small hobbit was all it took for Bilbo to feel the spark emitted from the dwarf king. Gandalf had his suspicions something was amiss when Thorin, though usually taciturn, immediately began digging into the hobbit, their host. This would not bode well for their mission and hope of obtaining his services as a burglar of sorts. The tension between the two was felt throughout the smial, the wide-eyed company chose to keep their opinions to themselves.
Before John has a chance to answer, he replies, “He’s our soulmate, apparently the three of us are the fifth British triad in recorded history, John and Mary separated just hours after the wedding and he came back to us.”
“I haven’t the faintest clue what you are talking about,” he answers, still maintaining his cool tone.
Often the child in his dreams would be holding the hand of a petite woman at least a foot shorter than him, same pale, smooth skin and long, dark curls cascading down her back. Always facing away from him, never seeing her. There was something familiar about her, as if a force connected them. Shepherd Book once told him that love would come at an unexpected time - always when least realizing it. Weeks passed, but the dream would never reveal who the mystery woman was.
By the time it gets dark out, he feels like he has known Bucky his entire life, as if they have always been friends.
He gave me that guilty face again, the same one he used that day in the garage when he said he wasn’t trying to win a contest by dancing with me. He was trying to placate me, “You still haven’t picked up Spanish.” A well placed slap to the chest changed his course of explanation. “Look, I know how that probably sounded-”
For the longest time, James hold still eyes boring into his as if to find every piece of him and merge them together. Eventually he starts to move, slowly at first, taking his time with an easy pace that teases both of them.
“Yolanda loves you and you love her?” Isn’t that what the argument was about?
When they finally break apart he stares at the older man, not sure what to say or how this happened. Why is James here? What happened with the doctor? Shouldn’t he be there?
My life would be a poorer place without you three; you make me rich.
It didn’t take long for John to realize that in some respects Sherlock was a genius.  He would get long emails about cases Sherlock was working on, great care taken in recording all the details.  Once in a while he would even be asked his opinion, only to be told summarily his answer was incorrect, but he wasn’t offended.  He didn’t think Sherlock was being unkind, he was getting it that Sherlock might not be as socially advanced as most people he knew.  He found Sherlock fascinating and that was enough for him.
Done wallowing, Andi sat up a little straighter and squared her shoulders. Nope. That wasn’t how she was built, quitting because something was difficult. She needed to see this through as far as she could, if for no other reason than to uphold her own integrity. But more importantly, because she wouldn’t be able to live with herself if Simon caused more deaths that she could have prevented, especially if one of them were Sherlock or John; it would break her heart were one of them to lose the other right now.
Sherlock set about cleaning and dressing John’s wound, careful not to wake him.  He studied John’s face as he worked.  John looked younger when asleep, though not as much as when he laughed.  The corners of his pert mouth tipped up as if he smiled, and pale lashes feathered against the heavy swells of flesh just beneath his eyes.  Sherlock fought to keep his fingers from touching strands of silver hair which peeked out amongst the blond, and a wave of possessiveness surged through him.
“John!  John!  A pirate! A real pirate.”  I come to an abrupt halt and John bumps into the back of me, nearly knocking me off my unstable legs.  “Look!  He must have gotten separated from his mates on the ship!  I used to want to be a pirate,” I add sadly as I look at the pirate slumped against a palm tree trunk.
I need to be on the other side of the door.  I need to be near John, to sit on the bed that, with him beside me, has brought me some of the greatest happiness I have known (the tie for greatest is too close to call between the happiness he brought me and the time I solved the case of the locked room murder.  The murder weapon was a lethal spider that promptly died and rolled into a little ball.  It stuck to Anderson’s shoe sole when he stepped on it and it stayed there all the way to Scotland Yard.  They should have charged him with harboring a fugitive.)
It was one o’clock in the afternoon and a certain consulting detective had not yet managed to get himself properly dressed.  Clothed in his favourite blue silk pyjamas and a red and blue tartan robe, his long body made the most of the sofa.  A magazine perched on his chest and his hands clasped together on his stomach, his face was softened in a way that was never evident when he was awake.
His hand still on my waist, John utters the one request I can never deny him.  “Please, love?  For me?”
“But I miss you, John.”  I try to stifle the whine creeping into my voice, but I feel true physical pain from being apart from him for so long.  From not being able to feel his warm, solid body against mine.  From not feeling his fingers wrapped around mine, making my heart flutter.  From not being able to press my lips to the soft, smooth skin of his back.
A retort on the tip of his tongue, Sherlock retracted it; John’s remark was not rhetorical. “I’ll be right back,” Sherlock said, returning in a flash with a sugar muffin. He pulled a straight-backed chair next to the bed and sat looking at John as if an audience. Taking the time to first cross his legs and pull back the muffin’s wrapper, he took the plunge.
The cab swerved suddenly, and John’s hand landed on Sherlock’s thigh, distracting him. Sherlocked stared at the hand, perplexed at what to do.
“And yet, you’re particularly skilled at it.” Sherlock moved to the hallway, where he had more room to pace. “Don’t distract me. Simon knows we’re here; the theft was too precise. Whoever came in knew exactly what to look for and seemed to have thought my laptop too much trouble to drag along with them, which means they must have been on foot. I’m not fond of your henchmen, but the house has to be secured, Mycroft. No more of your games. You know the stakes.”
His strength ebbing, John held Sherlock until they were both completely spent.  He moved his arms up Sherlock’s back to fold him in his arms, kiss his neck, his curls. Salt his lips with fresh sweat.  Murmur words of love.
Sounding on the verge of sleep, John,
Groaning, John surrendered to his need.
Sherlock hit Resend, hoping it had been a glitch and that his text would go through this time. Hoping that Simon didn’t text John.
I watch him get into the car, send me a little wave and a smile, and drive off.  Standing in the doorway I watch and wave until long after he can see me, just as he did when Katie left.
We arrive back at Mycroft’s happy, but tired; it has been a long day.   Mycroft and Greg have gone out, but left directions to heat the prepared food they left in the refrigerator.  Along with a note telling us we have moved rooms…to one on the ground floor.
Todd stood towering over him, smiling, his pale flesh visible everywhere John could see.
He closed his eyes, resting them for a few moments as he warmed beside the fire.
But as soon as I remember where his penis is, I start hyperventilating.
Dear fucking Christ, it was Sherlock.
“Can a woman not be happy for no reason a’tall?  Sometimes tis good just to be alive.”  Laila’s eyes crinkled, matching the smile that had lit her face ever since she had welcomed her visitors.
“Yes, but it will be easier to get you out of my mind, put something else there, if I cannot see you all the time.”  I truly believe this will solve my problem.
At 9:10 p.m. John’s mobile dinged, signaling that he must be off to the final  Narcotics Anonymous meeting he was to lead before he headed for Afghanistan the next day.   Unhooking the mobile from his belt, he turned off the alarm and left the house.  He was grateful for a reason to leave his guests, he really hated goodbyes.  Especially manufactured goodbyes with people who, except for his mum and sister, meant little to him.
“Shhhhh. Tis me, Sherlock.”
Making the long walk from The Slaughtered Lamb to the room they had rented when they had arrived in London, John had stopped for a leisurely bath, soaking tired muscles and washing away the stench.  Clearing his mind.  He could not go to Sherlock smelling so foul, as if he had steeped himself in ale, though, in truth, he had.  The bath had done him good; not only did he smell better, he felt human again.
“Yesterday. I think,” Sherlock said. From their own volition, the sides of his mouth tipped up.
John nodded.  “The chances of it being anyone else does seem slim.  How unlucky our fortunes be if there be more than one evil doer crossing our path.”
telling him.”
“Simple, John.  He will come to us when I compete in the jousting tournament.  In thy stead.”
he had quickly learned privacy was an unheard of commodity in prison life.
“I love you, too.”
Contemplating the gold wedding band he rolled between his forefinger and thumb, John blew out a shaky breath, and decided. It wasn’t the first time he’d decided, but this time it would be the last. It had to be, before he made himself crazy from the uncertainty. He set his ring on the mantel, a muffled clink of soft metal meeting wood. But he didn’t release the ring. He couldn’t. Not yet.
And though he knew what was coming, his unease grew as James walked robotically across the room. As she opened a window, allowing the vibrant sounds of the city to pour in. As she climbed to the sill and stood tall.
“Yes, I think tis all right.  Safe you be with Sherlock.  And a very good idea it is to teach him how to use a sword.  A great asset he will be.”  John turned to smile at Sherlock, but he was gone.  John’s smile faded as he stared out the empty doorway.  He had hoped Sherlock had heard his testamony of faith in him, perhaps in some small way repairing the damage he had done.
“With whom am I in love?”
A few minutes pass before the next text comes through and I think I have lost him.  No John, do not go. Not yet.
“But Sherlock, we’re already engaged.”
“’Cause that’s what Janice calls her daddy.”
Crawling toward the end of the bed, Sherlock dotted a trail of kisses on John’s chest and belly, but he failed to stop where John had expected. Nudging John onto his back, Sherlock splayed his fingers, palming the inside of John’s thighs and spreading them.
“Oh.”  Good.  I try not to let him see the sigh of relief I heave.
John stirs.  I watch as he takes a deep breath, as he exhales the last of his slumber.  His eyes open; his first desire is to look at me.  To find
“SHERLOCK HOLMES!  Open the GODDAMN door or I will break it down!”
"Me? Jealous? What a ridiculous...I would never..." Aldus spluttered. "God strike me dead if I have ever put a hand on a man." With a quick look at the sky, he crossed himself, fearful he had tread into blasphemous territory. "I am set to be married when we return home, to a maiden from a fine family."
Sherlock searched Colin’s face for disgust or judgment, seeing neither.  Colin’s face be open and sincere, as if, for some reason, he cared about Sherlock’s predicament.
Gareth bit back a giggle though twas no one to hear him on the sparsely traveled road.  Nearly a week it has been, and he still be giddy.
Even so, I try again.  I am an eternal optimist.
“Yes.”
,” as he left.
The thought that he, himself, had one of the chips in him was an exciting twist to a case that he barely had a toehold on; to personally experience a chip in his brain could provide him just the clue he needed to move forward.
human you know; your biology is the same as everyone else’s. You have wrinkles… ” I trace the laugh lines around his eyes, marveling at how beautiful he is, “…and you’re slower and less nimble than you used to be…  Yes, yes are,” I have to add when he frowns at my observation of his declining agility.  “So sorry, love.  It happens to the best of us.”
“And remember- bored, lazy, and-”
And just before she headed out the door, her mobile pinged.
“I do not know ; I do not pay attention to such trivia.”
“Meet me at the Diogenes club; we will leave Mycroft’s car and take the Land Rover from there.”
Half annoyed that John pesters me even when he is not here, I nonetheless heed his gentle command.
They had sniped at each other for another long, very long, five minutes until John had huffed a final “Christ, you’re an idiot. You deserve to spend Christmas alone,” and had dragged the tree—now woebegone from having been tussled between the flatmates—out of the flat. When John returned, he charged up the stairs to pack. How it could have taken John the rest of the evening until the next morning to pack a carry on, Sherlock hadn’t a clue. All he knew was that instead of feeling triumphant at getting his way, fighting with John had left him with a niggling pain in the pit of his stomach.
I shrug.  “Oh, I don’t know. Sometimes I just want to look inside a book before I buy one, feel it.  You know, smell it.  Besides, I like bookshops.”
right.  So what I want to ask you is if it’s okay if I ask Uncle Sherlock if I can call him something else.  ‘Uncle’ seems silly when he’s going to be your husband.  I just don’t know what.  ‘Dad’ is already taken…”
“I let him sleep,” Aldus said.  “We decided to take turns; twas no need for both of us to stay awake and it does not seem we be in much danger.  Whoever it be likely will not come back, at least not for a while.  He will know we be watching for him.”
And that’s when he saw it.  Hanging from the doorway to the kitchen.
“Ok, co’mon.  Back to mum and dad’s.”  I pick up John John and his bag and head downstairs to drop him off before we leave the city.
“There may have been another one; I cannot be sure.  It all happened so fast,” Cedric hedged.
Bending forward to bring their heads even closer together, Cedric shared his secret.  “Sir John is going to ask Sherlock to be a squire.”
And something in me snaps. It is not rational, I know. But I envision them continuing their charade, this dance of theirs that keeps them going ‘round and ‘round in circles and never brings them closer. I must do something about it. Now.
But he did not.  He had had all the information he needed all along.  He had seen, but not observed.
Mentally searching the kitchen, he tried to remember if behind the closed cupboard doors there was still a bottle that held a finger or two of liquid fire. Enough to get him through the next few minutes. Enough to get him out the door.
“I wasn’t in love; I merely was intrigued by his theories on the possible genetic transference of criminal tendencies.  He hypothesized that in an individual with a criminal past, the X chromosome mutates at conception causing…”
I almost don’t see it, but his left eye twitches.  Just once.  And the stony façade is back in place.
“Sherlock. What happened? You need to go to hospital to get checked out.” John leaned in Sherlock’s direction, frustrated in his inability to get closer. “Damn leg.”
Twelve minutes and 38 seconds.   No John.
About an hour in, Sherlock and I head back to the bedroom.  Between giggles and kisses and private declarations of love, we change into our wedding attire.
you anything more than what I just said; my private life is not your concern.   Now if you would like to continue discussing the book, I will be happy to.”
“That I didn’t come tell you had
“John, love.”
God help him, but making sure that he still heard a soft snore, John brushed his thumb along the plump bottom lip.  A warmth ran through him, the eroticism and moistness of that lip so inviting.
John could hear the sounds coming from the street below.  Baker Street was generally quiet, but this warm mid-summer eve people were still out and about… music blared from their cars, middle-aged mums chatted energetically as they walked their dogs or pushed their prams, children’s cries carried through the air as they played ball, reluctantly moving out of the way for the occasional car to pass.
“The wood is moist and will take time to build a good fire,” John said. “Let us find the woman of whom you speak, the one with the balm. Know you where she lives? Are you strong enough to walk?” Concern stole the smile from his face.
His eyes are bulging.  This cannot be good.
As entranced with John as John be with him, Sherlock had yet to move from the doorway.
When he was sure he had Sherlock’s full attention, John blew out a breath and rolled onto his back.  Throwing an arm over his head he stared at the ceiling.  Though Sherlock hadn’t expressed as much in words, he knew from Sherlock’s strong reaction to finding out he was alive that it had been quite painful for him when he had ‘died’; he deserved an explanation.  John felt Sherlock’s arm rest lightly on him under the covers, giving him the courage to speak.
Sherlock’s fathomless blue eyes bored into John, and the tick, tick, ticking faded to a whisper. John stopped moving and let himself be hypnotized. Let himself breathe. Just for a moment. Until the blood in his veins warmed his limbs and loosened the tension in his muscles.
I hear the bedding rustle as he moves into position.  His hands grasp my hips and then….
I put some balm on my fingers and feel for bullet holes.  Thankfully there are none; the one he has in his shoulder is one too many.
His head cocks to the side.  He sees something in my face.  What, I do not know.  He studies me, settling on my eyes.  His lips part and his chest gently heaves.
I go to the drying rack and pick out his favorite tea mug.  I take it with me and set it on the table, right by the microscope.  It is light and portable so it will be easy to carry it around the house with me when I leave the kitchen.
As lovely as John’s arse is, a startling sound in the air above us distracts me.  The sound of bells.  Sleigh bells.
I will ask him another time when he is not so agitated.  Perhaps after I send him to anger management class.
My eyes grow wide in innocence.  “Who?  Me?”
Despite what John saw on the internet, he seemed to remember only that Sherlock was a friend of a friend. Sherlock hadn’t much experience with having a friend, but he was fairly certain that a person didn’t spill all of one’s secrets the moment one met them. He and John were friends—or at least they had been before the accident—and even they withheld information from each other. It hadn’t been necessary to do more.
Nika huffed and turned on her heel; this country could be just as oppressive as Russia.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock.”  (He does not
A mirthful chuckle bounced through the room.
“It is? It cannot be!” I mentally scanned through all 276 items on the list; I did not recall a single reference to such frivolity. Perhaps John snuck it in whilst I was not looking.  It would be like him to commit such an underhanded act; he is known for his stealth and unassuming cunning. I must keep a better eye on him.  (Speaking of sacrifices, ‘keeping a better eye on him’ is a promise I will keep for a lifetime.  Come, now, there is no need to pity me.)
Why hadn’t he seen it?
“Rubbed a chicken or turkey with butter?”
Sherlock drew a blank.
Mycroft’s relief was plainly evident, and Nika would have felt empathy for him were it not for the government’s involvement. In Russia, she had had more than her fill of the government’s intrusion into peoples’ personal lives.
I am sitting at the table when I hear a car coming up the drive.  I wearily lift my head and look out the window.
hands, so don’t you worry. The people who do the real work here are saints. Your husband couldn’t be in better care.”
I freeze mid-prune on my prized Queen Victoria heirloom rose.  I have not heard John use such profanity in so long that whatever grievance I have caused him must be of a very grave nature.  Maybe if I stand still enough, when he comes out to the garden to find me, he will not notice in his blind rage that my head is not an abnormally large bloom.
“She has come a long way.  Hear what she has to say, Sherlock,” John entreated.  Putting his hand on Sherlock’s arm, twas thrown off with a terse shrug.
Her thumbs paused over the text to Mycroft. Should she go ahead and resign now, leaving the whole mess to him? She was no doubt going to be sacked soon, anyway. He had forbidden her to reveal the depth to which they were floundering in their search for Simon, but it appeared that now the gig was up. And it wouldn’t be Mycroft who would take the fall.
clothes.” Sherlock pushed away from the wall against which he leaned.  “I was certain Cedric would return.  I have not the patience to sit here for weeks waiting for him, and the city be too large to search for him.  Let us go.”
“Sherlock.”
Stamford pointed across a park to a two-story stucco mansion painted a revolting shade of tangerine, the requisite holiday fairy lights hanging from its eaves. The other homes surrounding the lushly green park looked to have been dispensed from a candy machine—peppermint pink, lemon yellow, lime green—but as nausea-inducing as the colors might be, the houses looked clean and well-maintained. And safe. But Sherlock was not so naïve as to think that because they looked safe meant that they were. Some of the most heinous individuals on Earth housed them themselves in finery. As John would so succinctly put it, lipstick on a pig.
“What are you doing?! Leave him be, you have no right to touch him!” Aldus lunged at Sherlock, his flight blocked by John’s out-slung arm that wrapped around his torso.
“Knight, you say?”  Cedric threw his leg back over the horse from where he had started to alight, his pulse racing.  Would he soon meet Sherlock?  “And what be his name, your knight?”
“I hope to god not,” Nika said, finding her voice. “I know of some early research using microchips to stimulate paralyzed muscles, but Dr. Watson’s files showed no history of paralysis, and it isn’t the Ministry of Defence doing the research. This wasn’t even in the motor sensory region. There’s something not right about this, Jax.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Mmm hmm.  So, the squires say Gareth be a nobleman. Perhaps he be someone my Lord sent looking for me, but I think not.  His cause would be to return me to the manor; I be worth more alive than dead.  I cannot but think twas my father who sent him to find me, nothing else holds logic.  I be of no value to anyone else.”
I cry out the only word I know that has the ability to help me.
Talking to the window closest to him, John says, “I know it isn’t my fault Mary died, but I’ve always felt guilty for not providing Katie with a mother figure after she did.  Someone who could nurture her in the way only a woman can.  I feel like she’s missed out on so much because of it.”
The vehicle was in central London, and it was morning, given the amount of both vehicle and foot traffic, the slant and hue of the sun. Riveted, Sherlock watched closely.
Checking his watch, Sherlock nodded. Suki and Rose had arrived with plenty of time to spare. But it also meant that that kiss,
“Molly?  Why would she have gone with Molly?”  John was genuinely confused now.  Molly stood right there whilst they talked about Mary not going to Brighton and didn’t say a word about it.
“Just--just find me if someone stops who does not belong here.”
“Sir John, your match be next; ready yourself.”  The official who had walked up to them directed his words to Sherlock.
“How do you know?” Sherlock asked, uncomfortable engaging in such an intimate conversation with a stranger.  John and Sherlock be none of Colin’s concern.
On the journey, Colin kept up a constant stream of conversation with himself.  In part twas because he be lonely; the few people with whom he had crossed paths had not been enough to fill the void of companionship.  But too, he wished to create a perfect greeting for when he met Sherlock.  Something pithy, to not look foolish in his eagerness.   Something that would catch Sherlock’s attention and make him interested in knowing his brother.
No, this time Moriarty might win.
“I chose her, huh?”
“Mine.”
John has hypnotised me!  That is it!  He has brainwashed me into thinking only of him.
After the interview we will head north from New York; it is the prime season for viewing the fall foliage change, a short side trip we will take whilst in America.  A trip to which I reluctantly agreed.
“Better, Sir,” Aldus said.  “The physician has been here again today and said I should keep improving.  I will be up and about in no time, he said.  I be sorry I have not been able to attend to you, Sir John.  I know I have been remiss, but surely Sherlock has attended to you well.”
Sherlock tamped down the uneasy thought that this was why John lay in hospital—
John finally looked at me, waiting for me as I try to solve the rest of the puzzle.
The first time I see John after creating my plan, he is emerging from the loo fresh from his shower, dressed in a robe.  Sitting on the bed where I have been plotting, I mentally chastise myself for coming so late to my mission; it would have been ridiculously easy to walk in on him as he showered.  Oh, I realise, I would have seen much, much more than his back.  My cheeks flush hotly at the vision that flashes through my mind.  Maybe it would not have been a good idea after all.
Almost immediately, another text alert sounded, this one from Sherlock’s pocket.
“Anything for you, John.”
John snorted. Sherlock was anything but whimsical. And the MOD’s history of covert “research” harming unwitting people was well documented.
Looking through the eye hole, he saw no one. And opening the door to investigate, he was puzzled to see not a person but a dog. A big yellow dog with a smile on its face and a tail wagging in greeting.
“Well, it’s all gone to shite again, hasn’t it.”
A mental picture of John, Sarah, and their two-point-three children flashed through Sherlock’s head. John, flush with pride that—
“A date. We made arrangements days ago. So, how long have you and Sherlock been flatmates?” I ask conversationally, as if trying to fill an awkward void between strangers. You have likely guessed that I am prying, attempting to glean the nature of the relationship between Sherlock and this man that Sherlock didn’t mention. Something tells me there’s a significance there—both in the fact of Dr. Watson himself and in Sherlock not mentioning him.
“She’s, uh, Ekaterina is…here.  Really, John.  Ekaterina?”
Yes, there was the lone ‘Sherlock’ scrawled across the front, scrawled in the hurried hand of doctor used to scribbling out copious prescriptions and medical notes.  The hurried hand of John.
Arriving back at the camp, twas no one to greet him but several pairs of mildly curious eyes.  Only the horses turned their heads his way; Aldus be nowhere in sight.  Alighting from his mount, Colin deftly tied the reins to a sturdy tree trunk at the edge of the clearing and, grabbing a half-full bucket of water, set it within his horse’s reach.
The door squeaked open, and Sherlock took an uncertain step into the room. “John?”
“What is it, John?!  What are you allergic to?”
“I know, pretty ridiculous of me to think so, huh?  Here I am, not exactly in my prime, thinking you might be in love with me.  How could you be in love with a grey-haired old man, with a physique light years beyond sexy, grumpy as all get out, always calling you names, and 15cm shorter than you to boot.  Forget I said anything.  Night.”
“Yes, you are very loveable, sweetheart.”  Before the second glove goes on, John sticks his hand into my pocket, taking my hand in his.  “And yes, it would take an awfully long time to list all the ways in which you are…  Our car, thank Christ.  Let’s get the hell out of here,” he says, removing his hand from mine and walking toward the black limo double parked at the kerb, the driver stepping out to open the door for us.
It had been weeks since Sherlock had been asked to work on a case for Scotland Yard.  Not that it was much of a hardship to not have been, after all, it took far more energy than should be necessary to suffer the likes of Anderson and Donovan.  Besides, the cases were all starting to look the same~ Dead body.  Foolhardy criminal.  Even more idiotic public officials.  As much as he had always been intrigued by the parade of stupidity the world had to offer, there just wasn’t...
Sherlock hadn’t the bite in him to tell Rhoedes how wrong he was. There was nothing great about Sherlock Holmes.
family, for Christmas.”
The assault by the chemicals in the morgue on his already precarious senses, and the faint odor of decaying flesh, nearly sent him back out to the fresh air. But he couldn’t leave. He had such a small window within which to exam James himself.
Meeting John had been a surprise.  Not that actually meeting him was a surprise, for most days he was around people he didn’t know.  No, it was that Sherlock had taken an immediate liking to someone.  That rarely happened.  Wrong.  That
“We need to drop my brother’s car by the Diogenes Club on our way.  It seems with an entire government’s resources at his disposal they cannot find him transportation.”
“But why?  Why would Cedric do such a thing?  Eduard caused no one trouble.  Odd, he sometimes be, but twas his sense of humour, and Cedric would harm no one except to defend himself.  Tis it!  Cedric thought he be in danger.  Eduard was jesting, as he would, and Cedric did not understand.  I can think of no other reason.”  Aldus’s eyes pled for Sir John to tell him twas an awful joke Sherlock played, or that he be mistaken.
