“No inconvenience, sir. My friends and I celebrated last night.” Steve cringes because he must realize how that sounds. “Not with alcohol. Just with cake.”
“I bet. Well, keep me posted,” Tony said and didn’t wait for Rhodey to respond. He shot up into the air and said, “Let’s look for the shield.”
It’s the most gorgeous thing that Steve’s ever seen in his life and he can’t help but mouth a silent ‘wow’. The colors look like someone, some higher being, took a paintbrush dabbed it in cadmium red and orange paint with a splash of cobalt blue and stroked through the heavens. Brilliant white dots speckle the ribbons of color.
The next day, Tony and Steve are scheduled to work on the codes again and test the upgrades. Yet, Tony hates the idea of being hidden away in the ground floor of the house for another long irritating day. When Steve meets him for breakfast, Tony smiles and says, “Do you want to play hooky today?”
Battles and wars are hard won things. Sacrifices are made, and losses incurred. The moment that T’Challa took the floor at the Council meeting, Tony watched as the world unfolded like a flower blossom, petals opening to a new day. It wouldn’t be all beautiful and joyous. He spotted the opposition easily enough. Everyone did. Evolution of thought took more than a declaration. It required sacrifice. It took time to weed out the opposition as well as the indifference. Even indifference rotted the best of intentions. Steve re-assured Tony. After the meeting, after all the questions and the fearmongering and the media hype,  it was a declaration, a proclamation to the rest of the world that their middle-aged ideas were past and a new age had begun. It was only a start, a beginning. The rest would be hard fought if won at all.
He wants to say he survived a simple excision of his gland before. This isn’t a big deal. Why does it feel like one? Yet, he cannot remember feeling this weak. His hands are too heavy to move but he likes the feel of Tony holding him. All he can say is simple and complete. “Tony.”
“Good so far. Only one night. The prince has meetings all day today. So I won’t see him until tonight.”
“Is it now?” Steve says and with a determined eyes examines Stark. He looks to be about Steve’s twenty seven years, give or take some years. As a man of the law, Steve knows how to see the differences five to six years make even on a younger man. Stark has the air of someone who knows what he wants, but also the hint of a man running from something as well.
“I thought I went to like-.” Steve stops and cannot think of any better words. “Like an auction. I go to the blocks and alphas bid.”
Clint searched Steve’s face, looked at the dripping wound on this side. “God damn it, Steve, don’t you get it? I lost everything, everything. I did what I had to do. I did what was necessary. You don’t know. You didn’t grow up in the shadows of the vamp wars!”
“Can you, Steve?” Bucky called from behind him. “You know I did it. Why do you care so much? Why do you want to change things? This is who I am.”
“Hmm, that’s nice.” It feels a little intoxicating, as if he’s floating in a quiet pool. “Where’d you learn to do this.” His voice feels very far away.
“How come he gets cof-.” Jarvis’ stare stops Tony’s protests. “Fine, where is the good doctor, out foraging for more roots and bark to treat me with?”
“I thought we might like some wine, too.” Tony crashes into Steve, holding onto him and burying his face in his shoulder. “Hey, hey. What’s this?”
The gravity of Tony’s stare pulls Steve’s focus to him. He cannot deny the prince the words spilling out of his mouth. “For the right partner.”
“Together,” Steven states simply. “That is what I am here at your side for. We do this together.” He puts the bottle down and then unsnaps his uniform. “If you need liquid courage, you have it but not from a bottle. From me.”
Tony turned back to the book but cuddled Blu closer as he read about Steve Rogers’ early life. He never found biographies especially intriguing especially if they weren’t of people named Coulomb, Newton, or Einstein. Yet, the story of Steve Rogers captured him, pinned him down to his bed for hours at a time. Jarvis had to drag him to the dinner table and force him to hand over the thick tome when it was bedtime. Finally, after school, the next day Tony finished it.
Steve shakes himself out of the memory and his stupor of self-pity. “It’s fine. I’m fine.” He smiles as Clint stares at him. Steve blanks out his mind by saying the Rosary as his mother taught him. He might not always believe what the Church preached, but at least the chanting helped when he needed to protect himself in this situation.
“Mer Stane has an important meeting on your calendar regarding the Conclave leadership group. Also, Doctor Erskine would like to speak with you about the vita-ray part of the project that you are working on?”
“But how could Richards know anything about a medical problem?” Bruce asks. The furrow around his eyes, the concerned worry in his features mirrors the ache in Tony’s chest.
Hopping up, Blu plays around though it’s resentful with offended looks tossed Tony’s way. Somehow, he feels like the lion is humoring him. As he decides this is a losing cause, Blu steps over to the dissembled suit, picks up the back plate in his mouth and lifts his chin to Tony as if daring him to shoot the light again.
“Yeah I would think so. You walk into a meeting with Ross, just by the smell of you he’d know what you’ve been up to,” Tony said and didn’t move off the bed to follow Steve into the small bathroom across the hallway. He yelled to Steve, “How do you think it works?”
“Med-bay?” Steve turned around and looked over his shoulder at the windows. They were hazed to dark and he couldn’t see outside of them. “Where are we?”
He’d fallen asleep in Tony’s arms -after.  After having Tony touch him, intimately, intensely. He cannot describe how he feels about it because it is primal and raw and no given to words. How can something so physical be transform into the mundane idea of words.  He’d slept in Tony’s arms, quietly. The first peaceful slumber he’d had in weeks. Though he denies it, Steve’s fairly certain that Tony stayed awake, brushing his hand through Steve’s hair, holding him close to his damaged heart. When he awoke in the middle of the afternoon, there had been a fresh pitcher and bowl of clean and warm water waiting for them on the sideboard in the room. Tony only shushed his protests and Steve had found himself allowing it, not questioning it. He should be embarrassed and ashamed that someone – most probably Jarvis walked in on them to deliver the pitcher and bowl. He isn’t – this is a haven, a world apart.
“Did he say why? I mean why would he leave.” The last Tony really talked to Steve, he’d been upset, but not at Steve. It had been about the failure of the implant and how he would have to do exactly what he’s doing now.
There are other marks that are more difficult to discern in the dim light. They remind Bucky of hand prints as if Steve’s been slapped and grabbed and hit multiple times. Hesitating to touch him but knowing that time is of the essence, Bucky reaches out and lightly places a hand on to a too hot shoulder. The heat radiating off of Steve is in contrast to the frigid temperature of the filthy cell. Fever. Bucky doesn't inspect the cell too closely. He's already seen the bucket in the corner for human waste; he already glimpsed the thread bare blanket on the floor that Steve lies on; he's already seen the dented metal bowl with the gruel and maggots in the corner. He clearly understands the hell Steve has gone through in these many months. Even as he blinks away the tears, he cannot comprehend why he doesn't see everything tinted in the red of his fury rather than the cold blue of the light.
“I have called the ambulance, sir. They will be here in less than one minute. They are only around the corner as I track them.”
Tony’s about to crack a smart remark but it escapes him as Steve swallows down his cock in one thrilling move. Tony moans as Steve works his tongue along his shaft. He takes in a big breath and holds it before releasing it, just to slow down his reaction to Steve’s ministrations.
The cave freezes at night. That's the funny thing about the desert. It reflects all the heat away from it during the scorching days and settles in to a paralysis of cold at night. He never thought much about it before, was never a geology or meteorology freak. His expertise had always been weapons, weapons of destruction. What did they call him? The merchant of death. He laughs and it catches the phlegm in his throat. The battery connected to his chest warms him to a degree and he clings to it at night time like its some kind of security blanket. But it's not. It's his albatross.
“I don’t – Do you want to come?” Tony frowns. He cannot imagine bringing someone into the full din of a press conference after they have spent most of their life as a wild animal will go well. Yet Blu presented a calming influence throughout the time they spent together. Perhaps, Steve would be the same?
In seconds, the golden energy spread and opened into– Steve didn’t understand it. He heard Tony say something along the lines of
The strands of their souls led Tony, and he willingly followed. Steve opened to him, pulled him close and Tony pounded against him, searching, seeking, needing more. He wondered, worried it might be too much for Steve to give. Yet, Steve begged him to take him, cried out in frustration as he worked with Tony, matching his rhythm; he came again and again. That’s when Tony realized it – Steve came but didn’t climax. He hadn’t reached that peak. It seemed incongruent but true. It almost dissolved the moment, but then out of instinct Tony turned to their bond, their interlocked souls. He worked the strands that linked them together, strumming them. They pulsed and sang, vibrating as Tony slammed into Steve’s body. The need, the open, craving ache from Steve, drove Tony forward, pushed him into a punishing pace even as their souls burst into a bright light all around them.
“Never,” Nat said and shook her head. “I wouldn’t think of it.” She must have recognized the consternation on his face because she had leaned in close over their luncheon table and explained, “It’s not about punishment. It’s about trust. Trust is earned, not given.”
She rubbed at her wrist where the scar from her bonding with Steve was. “It’s not important,” Natasha answered but bowed her head and didn’t look up at him. A tremulous memory hinted at the surface but she washed it away. “What’s important now is our pack, this one. Not the past.”
“How the hell are you going to see?” Tony strains to look over his shoulder. He’s fairly certain that Steve’s sight line is obscured.
She half smiled at his attempt at humor. “Don’t be so hard on yourself. Steve, other than your love story with Peggy, were there any others? If not, why not? And don’t blame it on being skinny and small. Just consider what the universe and your astral projection are trying to tell you.”
Tony offered his hand. “Come on.” Steve took his hand and Tony dragged him away from the kitchen. Truth be told, Tony didn’t have a clue what he should do. Instead, he let the feeling of his soul’s energy lead him as if he had jumped into a car and just let the road take him where it would. Eventually they ended up at his workshop. Steve hesitated at the entrance, but Tony hauled him inside the main lab.
Coulson strides right up to Steve as he leads the party to the Commando’s docking bay.  Tony and Tiberius are surrounded by the Honor Guard with Pepper, Rhodes and Happy trailing behind them. Transferring the party to a new ship and then flying to the Lemurian Star might seem a bit more complicated but Steve hopes to decrease strikes against the delegates to the Peace Conference by keeping the pieces on the chess board moving and changing the shapes of the pieces as well.
Tony sidles down onto the blanket and takes pity on Steve. He opens the container of Strawberry Mango Mesclun Salad. He pops the lid open and smells the balsamic vinaigrette. “This looks good. I’m sure it took you all morning to put this together.” He notes as Steve pours the glasses of pink lemonade.
They get up and go to the kitchen. The fries are done to perfection and the roasting chicken looks good. While Tony dishes out the fries and gets both ketchup and vinegar out for a selection of condiments, Steve bastes the chicken.
“So you’re here to do a little bit of training with your soul pack?” Laura asked as she tore a chunk of bread from the baguette. Bowls of spaghetti, meatballs, and sauce clustered in the center of the table. Several baguettes were piled up as well. Clint placed a few large serving bowls of mixed greens on the table before he took his seat by his wife.
Tony yawns again. He probably didn’t get enough sleep last night. He pushes himself up to sit and Steve leans over and fluffs his pillows. “What time is it?”
“Well, you were busy being sick,” Sam said as he ticked them off on his fingers. “Being a soldier, being dead. So, we can give you a pass that you didn’t exactly figure out that you are bi.”
That’s when it hits Tony, when he recalls the visit they had in the cave of the red headed woman – Natasha.
He disconnects before she can respond and stares straight ahead at his bedroom wall where the third happy little painting has been hung by the mysterious interior decorator who JARVIS feels compelled to protect. “I could rip apart your code and figure it out, JARVIS.”
“Stark was there. He picked you up from the river, brought you to the hospital. His friend or AI or whatever called Nat.”
They took turns driving, never stopping for more than fuel and a quick bite to eat. Keeping to the back roads added a good six hours to their drive. Steve steered clear of asking Clint about his situation again. He didn’t want to accidentally bring up the idea that Natasha had ensnared him. Maybe Clint realized it and didn’t want to face it. It wasn’t Steve’s business. But then again, he circled back to his own situation with Tony.
“Ana is a genius. I don’t ask questions. She had my head when I tried to make the duchess an omelet once and nearly burned down the kitchen.”
“Maybe you’re getting some of my nerves in a feedback loop?” Steve suggested. He really hoped no one in the house could feel them.
JARVIS has minded his business throughout the flight. Probably, the AI went through all the data, Tony’s vital signs and reactions then decided it wasn’t worth trying to tear him away from his destination and his single minded pursuit.
“The Lakehouse,” Clint says with a crocked smile as if he’s trying to flirt with the good Captain and get him to soften up. That’s just over the top to Tony.
“Take off the gag. I’m sure the Captain won’t bite his own agent,” Ross said. Pierce stepped to the side of the Secretary. His eyes narrowed as he silently observed.
When the door cranked open again, Tony found himself numb and ready for them to slice away at his throat and take out his glands. A group of V-Corps agents walked into the room, Rumlow at their head. His eyes were shuttered and blank – like any dull-witted minion. Several of the agents brought out their shock batons and held them toward Tony as Rumlow bent down to unlock the chains. Tony jerked away, trying to kick at the man but one of the agents swung hard and true, hitting Tony in his chest with the shock baton. It ached through him.
Sharon stays to herself and only half heartedly interacts with anyone. Once in while she talks to Steve but it’s more businesslike than anything else. She’s kind to her clients because she always walks them out and kisses their cheeks as they leave.
Clint screeched as Steve opened his eyes as the threads of his soul wove into the pack and that – thing- that dark presence dissipated into the turbid background of the abyss outside all souls.
Rogers shifted toward Rumlow as if he knew he had to, as if some invisible chain linked him to the guard. “No,” Tony said, and Rogers startled. He hunched his shoulders like he expected to be hit. “Captain Rogers, you don’t have to-.”
“We’ll get to that,” Tony says. He’s not going to forget anytime soon that the omega was embroiled in the Uprising. But it will go a long way for Tony when he walks into the Council with a threatening omega warrior. Through it all the omega’s scent still allures. “A name would be nice.” It is in the documentation, Tony’s sure of that. But it would be great if the omega gave him this much.
Steve nods and bends over Tony, his wings arching upward to the ceiling. He kisses his way down Tony’s chest, to his navel and brushes his face against the tangle of hair at the pubis. The tip of Tony’s erection smears pre-come along his cheek and he shivers in anticipation.
“It’s a million degrees outside and you want to make hot chocolate?” Tony hops off the stool. “Since you think we’re having Christmas in July, I’ll go start a fire in the lounge.” He laughs as he pulls out Dummy and taps his way to the living room. Normally he wouldn’t use Dummy in the house, but he knows that Jarvis had the cleaning service in today and sometimes they mess with the furniture placement.
The attacker holding Tony pushes him to the floor, to his knees. “I’m surprised you let him sleep in your bed. I thought I taught you better than that.”
Pushing off the tree trunk, Tony concentrates on trying to locate his armor. Blu hauled him a short distance, so the armor should still be in sight. It would be easier if he hadn’t fallen asleep, but he hopes to pick up on the glint of the dying rays against the shine of the armor. Standing hurts his head a little but he’s surprisingly in decent shape – all things considered. Even so, he can’t spot the armor. He’s going to need to find shelter tonight and then go search for it tomorrow. He doesn’t know what kind of wild animals inhabit the rural areas of Northern Afghanistan, nor does he want to find out. He already knows a hungry lion is around.
“No. I don’t think he would approve of my use of his image for a subject.” Steve stands back. He’d forgotten to clean out the portfolio before he stuffed in the proofs. Too many things on his mind, too many things cluttering up his usually straightforward and concise thinking patterns.
He laughed but it held no humor. “It isn’t hard, not with a few tricks to get people to talk and tell you stories.”
They head down the stairs and Steve nods. Clint’s behind him and speaking will do no good, the man can’t hear him very well. He reads lips fine as if he was born to do it.  Steve heads toward the back of the jailhouse, passes the cells. Clint calls to him, “See you over there.”
Steve makes a low grunt then his eyes roll up in his head and he pitches forward into Tony. It’s all Tony can do to keep him up, but then he loses that struggle and they are both on the floor of the diner. Patrons are jumping to their feet. Tony hears the telltale sounds of photos being taken, yet all he can focus on is Steve as he seizes. It doesn’t end. Not like Tony thinks it should. Seizures shouldn’t last as long as it does. Someone is calling an ambulance and someone is helping Tony to get Steve on his side, away from table legs and chairs so he doesn’t hurt himself. The fit goes on and on. By the time the paramedics arrive, Tony is shaking himself as drool puddles under Steve’s cheek as his body betrays him.
“Maybe it’s the headache or the hangover from your night on the town,” Tony remarks as Jarvis begins to serve.
His mother. He felt her die in his own hands. The soul bond picked out the link between Barnes and Tony and amplified it, shared it.
Then there are some hanger ons like Hammer. Who knows why that idiot is even invited? Steve scrolls around trying to figure out how he even got an invitation but can’t find any information. By the time he’s exhausted the list of attendees, Pepper returns with his uniform.
“It’s a protocol Pepper had put in place. All you have to do is initiate the code. Is this your mobile?” Rhodes asks.
“I know you come from a time before the Vampire Uprising in the 60s. With the move for rights for all Vamps and the breakdown of negotiations then the war, things changed. Mutual existence isn’t really a possibility anymore,” Pierce said. He reached for a folder on the coffee table next to the couch. “It was a great dream, but the fact of the matter is that mating is a sin against the natural order of things.”
He found his voice. “Don’t. It’s my fault. I screwed up.” He thought of waking up only to find out that Steve wasn’t next to him, wasn’t in the penthouse, wasn’t even in the damned Tower. As his anxiety ratcheted up, even JARVIS failed to calm him. The AI suggested time in the workshop, recommended against leaving the Tower. If he’d ever heard JARVIS beg, it had been that morning. But then he recalled the betrayal and the hurt that encompassed him when he’d heard that Steve had gone off after Bucky. Sam tried to break it to him and soften the blow. He failed. It still stung. It hurt like shit.
Too tired to face the rest of the crimes that Hydra brainwashed Bucky into performing for them, Steve cleaned up the files and tucked them away in one of the packing boxes. Sam said his goodbyes and told Steve to think about the move as an imperative. If Steve moved to New York, he’d have to leave Sam and that didn’t sit right either. Sam gave him clear signs that the pack took priority. The logical conclusion then would be that Sam was open to the idea of moving as well. Thinking about having the pack together warmed Steve, while at the same time heaping on more anxiety. Yet the more he thought about utilizing the pack, truly accepting it, his feelings began to turn around and his fears settled. They flaked away as if he brushed off the old paint to reveal a beautiful masterpiece underneath. Linking was one thing, but bringing people into your heart like his mother said was another thing entirely. It changed everything.
“I had a professor I know, Bruce Banner, have his class run the analyses. He teaches biomedical shit but also has to teach a biostat class once a year. All the analyses came out the same.”
“Oh, I don’t think that, at all Sheriff,” Stark says with a smile far removed from innocent. “You came here for something else.”
“Come.” It is all Tony says as he opens the door and leads the omega out into the corridor. He doesn’t look back, doesn’t wait to see if his omega is following him. Shortly, after only a pause, he hears the pad of his feet against the smooth floor. He tries not to smile, but he fails. Going to the lift, he signals for it and the lift swiftly answers his call.  Tony steps onto the lift and waits for the omega. Steven eyes him but does join him on the lift. As it ascends, Tony signals for Steven to go to his knees. He does without complaint.
What new hell is this? He seizes on an idea. “You didn’t bring your shield. We weren’t allowed to bring our stuff, our Avengers’ stuff.” His armor sits idle, many many miles away.
It isn’t that Steve wants Tony to depend on him – nothing is farther from the truth. He wants Tony to succeed. The progress he’s made on all his inventions and projects has been nothing short of brilliant and awe inspiring. In the short time they’ve been on the island, Tony will be able to bring back several new innovations for his company that may very well change the course of the world from smart streets to real clean energy. His one stumble has been the implant and its software upgrade to stop the headaches. Steve half blames himself. During Tony’s search for an assistant one of the requirements had been knowledge of biomedicine and, while Steve’s a quick study, he is by no means an expert. If he had more background information on the physiology of the brain, he might be able to help Tony. Right now, all he is – is a monkey to type out the code and read it. Well, a little more than a monkey. A tired exhausted little more than a monkey getting frustrated kind of person that isn’t what Tony needs.
When he tries to wiggle free again, Blu stops him and then softly nudges him as if to tell him to stay still. It’s weird and oddly comforting. The lion’s too strong, too brutally huge to wrestle. Tony succumbs to his ministrations. He finds himself drifting and he fights the urge to sleep. It’s even ridiculous to consider that his body’s so relaxed in the arms of a big game predator.
“Oh no. I had it for my birthday.” Steve sinks further into the chair. Tony doesn’t think he could possibly curl up further. “Just a quiet get together. No big deal or anything.” He waves his hands like he’s trying to erase everything he’s just said.
When Sam returned with Clint and the Maximoffs, Tony’s anxiety went into a fever pitch. First, he was too hot, then too cold and all the while he needed to pace, to move. Natasha asked him to settle and sit several times, but he needed to move. They all met in the conference room again. This time the room filled with people, the table and chairs occupied. A certain unease roiled the room. Everyone felt it. They had strangers amongst them but at the same time, these new people were the pack of their pack. Tony murmured the Soul Mantra just to try and calm himself. It didn’t work. He knew nothing would, not at the brink of what they were trying to do.
Tony nearly tackles him when he returns to the main living room. He grabs onto Steve’s arm and drags him the rest of the way into the room, whispering how he could hear Steve’s footsteps from a mile away. “Not very stealthy, are you?”
Tony frowned, but the pain in his eyes spoke not of disappointment, but fear and confusion. “Why shouldn’t I?” Was it a challenge or an offer?
“As an Army Captain I was required to carry up to 120 pounds. I could probably do about 180 or so. I could carry you, Mister Stark.” Tony doesn’t fail to notice that Steve scanned him with a quizzical eye before responding.
“Because we think you may be the first human Divini.” Natasha’s words hit him with a force reminiscent of his plane crashing all those years ago. They cracked through his reserve, his normal stoicism. They rammed right into his gut until he struggled to take the next breath. Someone’s hand was on him, on his back. Someone was telling him to breathe.
“Nat spent some time talking to someone in New York named Wong,” Sam said. His arms were crossed over his chest. “He told us.”
“JARVIS,” Tony said about two hours into the mundane. “Go to blogs, message boards, anything like that and get what they say about Beloved and soul packs.”
“Bruce?” She crinkled her nose and then frowned. “I think he’s down on the research floor you assigned him. I don’t really know. Am I supposed to keep tabs on him? I can have JARVIS assigned to it.”
Tony strokes as he speaks, “I understand I’m a stranger to you. That this is akin to non-consensual, but according to the law you are mine-.”
“Well, now you’re mocking me.” At that moment, Tony reminds Steve of a grammar schoolteacher he once had that kept commanding that he sit in the corner to think about what he’d done. It never worked then; it’s not working now.
“The ship, why is it called the Avengers. I mean I think I could understand the Avenger, but why the plural?” They’ve made it to the busier section of the ringed station. A turn to the right and through the adjacent arm, Steve would enter the brothel district and go home. It’s strange that he thinks of a brothel as home, but that’s what it is – he tells himself. The Avengers – well that’s not his home.
Steve nods and then rolls his eyes – when is he going to learn. “Okay, sorry. I understand. I’ll go back to my room and work on my studies.”
“I don’t think that’s a surprise that he’s pissed,” Steve says as Tony pulls out the other thermos. Steve nods and the magic thermos fills with fresh stew. They take turns eating out of the cup Steve drained of coffee. “So old missile silo?”
Tony feels the heat come to his face at the endearment. “Do you want to do more than fool around? I mean are you interested-.” His words fail him – he’s never been shy about sex in his life but now he’s like a blushing violet.
His servants await him in the room to help him dress in his Head of the Family uniform. It’s similar to Steven’s Master of Security uniform, only Tony’s has more gold embellishments, and the jacket opens in the front to his dark red silk shirt. He wears the crest of the Stark family on his chest. Once he’s finished with his toilet and dismissed his valet, he crosses through the presentation suite to Steven’s room.
“If we take this concept and merge it with the idea of virtual reality, we could in theory enter Ultron’s virtual world and hunt it down.” Tony hopped around the open concept lounge and kitchen area of the Avengers compound. He’d probably been high on too many days with too much caffeine and too little sleep.
What happened today was a damned miracle. That man picked himself up off the ground, bloodied and beaten, composed himself and ended up at the meeting – literally directing and showing himself to be the omega warrior Tony needs and wants. Why? Like any puzzle, Tony can’t let it alone. He drops the tools and rushes out of the library and goes up the stairs, ignoring the servants and wait staff as he hurries to the presentation suite.
“Allah does not answer to you.” He raises his hand and snaps his fingers. The back hatch of the SUV slams open and a shrill yell scrapes the air. An electric discharge fires and then the beast charges out of the vehicles and straight for them. Hunter flicks something out of his sleeve and presses a button. The lion cowers as the collar around its neck crackles. He goes down and groans in pain.
It looks like they used some kind of nightmare bone growth hormone with an underlying wire mesh to forge the bottom part of the cage directly into Steve's joint. He barely gets himself back together when he hears Sam in his ear.
“Nope. No. Not at all,” Steve says. He’s not even sure how he’s going to look Vision in the eye after what he saw. “I’m just going to get my clothes and be right there. See you in a minute.”
The leader slaps his hands away and then, for good measure, punches Steve in the face, hard enough to cause him to stagger backwards, but not rough enough to force him to crumple. He holds his nose and indicates Tony.
“Not sure if that’s a good idea,” Steve said. She’d been poking around ever since Steve came back from his dinner with Tony. She hadn’t outright asked, because Steve always kept his distance when it came to Bruce and Natasha’s little dinners. Even though they were all soul bonded, caring for one another and within a circle of protection, they all respected boundaries. Wong taught them that much (and Strange had taken to having late lunches with Bruce to check on his progress).
He hoists the heavy duffle onto his thin shoulder. The jostle of the crowd as people disembark from the ship knocks him around, but Steve’s used to dealing with people ignoring him, and he forces his way down the ramp of the Class B cruiser. It’s the only star ship he’s ever been on and hopefully will be his last. It took him all his savings to get to one of the Prime Stations. Starting a new life on the station in the midst of the war means Steve has a chance to make some real cash for once and maybe, just maybe pay for the augmentation that will finally solve his health problems.
Steve placed on hand on his own chest as he sympathized with the ache that Sam must feel. “You were mated?”
“Rivals, but now betrothed?” Steve says and tries to plaster a smile on his face. He thinks he fails, miserably.
“How much do you want it?” Steve said, and he had to admit, he enjoyed the knowledge that he could do this to Tony, that Tony would beg him would want him. He pulled out and hung on the edge and then rammed back inside of Tony. He repeated it until Tony admitted his need.
“Why is he gone? He gave me no indication that he wasn’t happy with the job, in fact it was the complete opposite. He was invaluable to me.” Tony waits. He hates to put Pepper on the spot. She’s been by his side for years, always taking care of everything he needs, cleaning up his messes, being there when he needed someone.
“Well, that’s a long story,” Tony said, but glanced up at Steve as he listed to the side. “But I think we have to attend to our leader first.”
Steve snickers and grabs at his shoulder at the same time. “Young’uns? Bucky, we’re from New York City, we don’t say young’uns.”
He marches forward; the heat of the flames causing the sweat to drip down his face, run rivers down his chest and back. It’s hot, there’s no ventilation system in the armor. He blinks away the sweat. The heat of the torches burns bright, but he stays the course, yelling for Steve as he tramps through the twists and turns of the tunnel. He meets resistance, but easily and, without mercy, blows it away. Briefly he worries about the woman, Natasha, but quickly casts the concern aside. He only has one purpose – get Steve and get out.
“Your beard is getting me all worked up especially with the longer hair. I want you to go all beast master on me,” Tony says and wiggles on the bed.
“Now wait,” Sam cut his thoughts off. “I understand leaving me here as your outside man, but don’t you dare try and protect me. Riley went down but he wanted to do the right thing. He wanted vampire and human relationships to be accepted.”
“Huh,” Tony says and finishes getting out his clothes. He dresses without thought. It isn’t like he’s going anywhere special. They will go up to the bridge level in the forward section of the ship and meet with Jamison and Pep to discuss the Council of Worlds. They should be to the Council planet soon . While he likes space travel and his Court ship is the height of luxury, he truly wants to be at home again.
“They didn’t ID you as a mate? They said they had scanners – biometric – installed in the building.” The helicopter danced through the clouds and Steve was suddenly very happy he’d not had lunch.
"I've never seen anything like it before," Natasha agrees as she pours more alcohol along the bloody gash. Bucky jerks in response.
“I’m a man who likes what I see, who always gets what I see, but for some reason – so inexplicable reason, I want you to see me. Really see me.”
“Okay. Part of the mission,” Steve says, and his voice barely sounds like his own. Tony jumps up with a certain amount of glee in his expression that Steve inwardly curses. This will not end well. He takes the box from Steve intent on putting the collar on him. Steve’s cheeks heat. They’ve done this ritual before but not like this, never like this. The collar used to mean something between them, something private and personal. Now it is a tool to be used to save Steve and his team. This is his fault. All of it is his fault. He rubs at his eyes as Tony clasps the collar around Steve’s neck.
“Come here,” Tony said and gathered Steve close to him. At first, Steve stayed frozen, not moving, not accepting Tony’s sympathy. Tony relaxed and relented, opened his soul and allowed the bond to brighten and shine. He had no words to speak but with the bond, through his soul, he communicated so much. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and buried his face in Tony’s shoulder just as the doors to the elevator opened again and Natasha along with Bruce appeared.
Steve clears his throat and nods. “I know what you mean, Colonel. When I was deployed, I had to learn to trust my team. I had to know that I couldn’t micromanage every situation. If I did get caught in the weeds, someone would get hurt because I was too busy worried about an infinitely small detail instead of the bigger picture.”
“Yeah, I’m outside the Tower and I need the location of the safe house.” The predawn hours warmed the city in colors of reds and oranges. It would rain today.
He turned to find a woman with a lab coat approaching him. She extended her hand and smiled. “Doctor Helen Cho. It’s nice to meet you.”
After, Tony had to unlock the bindings and help him to clean up. Steven had shuddered in his bed later and curled in on himself so much so that the pang of guilt grew in Tony’s chest like a poisoned seed. He sat there on Steven’s bed as the omega drifted off to sleep. They were in Steven’s room, attached to the presentation suite. Tony edged closer to Steven as he slumbered and laid down, spooning around him. He wrapped an arm around Steven, and kissed his neck. Only then he heard a sigh and sweet words that weren’t meant for him at all.
Steve frowned but he couldn’t blame Tony for directing Happy to save his own hide in whatever means possible. “Let me go first.”
“Kind of. I could test it out. Like tonight if you want me to,” Steve states. Maybe he shouldn’t break the prince’s confidence. But it’s just nanites.
Disbelief, whole and encompassing, overwhelms him. “He’s done. How can he be done?” He expected Steven to fight, to struggle. “Didn’t he resist? Didn’t Steven resist?”
Steve gathers what strength he has and answers, “Heat.” He licks his lips and starts again. “I went into heat, I had to go to -.”
“I apologize for the blunder. It won’t happen again,” Steven says but keeps his focus straight ahead.
Tony loves the arch of Steve into his touches, how he judders as Tony takes a nipple into his mouth and suckles and then nips. Against his leg he feels Steve’s erection dripping with every nip, with every lick. His own cock aches with hardness and he pauses, panting because he might blow it and spill early if he doesn’t stop. Plus, he does need to confess something to Steve.
Alpha plays him well, whipping him, especially abusing his hole, until he’s crying out. Adjusting the rack so it works both as a structure and a swing that the alpha can manipulate and shift. At times Steve feels more like a puppet on strings than a human. But then again, as he sinks into the waves of his heat – he knows certain truths. As the alpha takes him, knots him, he feels his body become the thing nature made him to be – an omega willing to submit. He wants the knot, aches for it. Hanging from the chains of the rack without any ability to come, he slowly and inevitably descends into a new state of mind. Where his body’s needs rules and he no longer needs to rationalize, strategize, or think. He follows the alpha as if he is the master, and Steve is meek servant.
Tony doesn’t need the portfolio. He already knows everything about the man in front of him. College graduate – small upstate art college. Recruited to the army at the rank of Captain. Four tours abroad, two in a war zone. His fiancé died in that same war zone. Hadn’t dated since. His best friend permanently injured in the war zone. Said best friend moved on and married Adonis’ other best friend last year. They moved to Washington D.C. to run a Veteran’s Advocacy and Rehabilitation Center. Adonis lives on the third story of a walk up in Brooklyn. He doesn’t have many friends, hangs out at the local gym. Used to have a job at a major comic book company before it went out of business. Currently he’s working as a freelance comic book artist and he’s barely scraping by. The last is one of the reasons Pepper flagged his file.
“Natasha.” Steve sounds like a wounded animal, begging for relief, begging for help and only encountering the end of a hunter’s gun. “Please.”
That perks up Steve. He jerks his attention to Tony from the large window next to his bed. There are machines hooked up to him as if he’s on death’s door and several doctors and nurses crowd around his bed.
He rolls his eyes; they are not getting into the argument about his misspent youth again. Pep has always been at his side, except for those years. He wanted her to adventure as he’d put it but she turned up her nose at him. Now as she stands there with an interface clutched in her hand and her long silky red-blonde hair bobbing from its ponytail as she swings her head from side to side in some mimicry of disappointment, he sighs and says, “It’ll happen. I’ll find someone here.”
Her lips thin as she considers him and then turns back to the man shivering against the wall. What little clothing he wears is torn and stained with blood. His hair hangs in sharp cuts around his face only emphasizes his haggard appearance. Tony must be crazy to think that this specimen would ever be a strong warrior, a symbol of his Family and his claim to the High Alpha Chair. But he knows this omega will strike terror in their hearts. If he’s right about who this omega is – then this omega will be his key to the chair.
Rushing back to his quarters, Steve enters the rooms and tosses the bag to the side. He checks the time and figures that Wanda will be free since she mostly works at night. He requests a holographic interface with her. It takes a few minutes before she appears. She’s in her lounge wear, fuzzy slippers and a thick robe, her hair is tied up in a messy bun.
Tiberius laughs again, too loud and too awkward but Tony joins in and knocks Steve on the arm. Steve smiles and it cracks his face. He pushes past the uncomfortable stretch of time. “Sir, please relax while I get your assignment for transport.”
The pummeling storm dies away and Steve’s on an operating table. The sterile room around him is glossy and white. He’s locked, bound to the table unable to move. Ultron’s above him, a hovering presence. His mechanical arms work, shaving away Steve’s hair, sawing into his skull. Ultron dissects his brain. Steve hears the plop of his brain matter falling to the floor.
“I’m going to electrify your arm; you won’t be able to open your hand. It’ll help us stay together.”
With no time to think about it, Steve pulls off his shield, aims, and flings it at the construct. The horror of Clint’s head flying, decapitated by the sharp edge of the shield will haunt Steve for years to come. He scrambles the rest of the way down the hill, grasps Tony, and leaps for the pulsating blue light. His shield is lost to him and the blue light is cold and frozen.
“Yeah you got a real deal,” Tony says to which Steve only frowns.  Steve leaves then, just mopes back to his one room while Tony waits for the supplies.
Tony sits with a cane, one leg notched over the other, appraising him. His eyes are critical, assessing, and slightly mocking. Steve steps into the room, not to be dissuaded or intimidated. Standing to the side and out of the view of the hallway, Jarvis waits and closes the door and escorts Steve to the chair opposite Tony. Jarvis unburdens him of the wine and bag of food.
With renewed energy, Steve zeroes in on Tony and swims across the rapids. The water pulls and tugs, yanks and shoves. He nearly goes under twice and a downed tree branch bashes him in the side of the head, knocking him off course. It takes a moment for him to come back to himself, to blink away the pain. He clings to offending log as he tries to right himself, as his vision solidifies again, and he remembers that Tony is in dire straits.
After he drops the bags in the cabin, he goes back outside and gathers up some wood. There are a lot of fallen branches that are dry enough to burn. He’ll have to come out later and split some logs. Right now, what he can scavenge from the ground is well enough for them. There are a few split logs piled next to the porch that he finds and scoops up as well. Going back into the cabin, he sees that Tony has moved. He’s sitting by the fireplace, trying to clean it out.
I want to thank everyone for their outpouring of support for this story. I truly thought it was on its last legs and it should probably be put out of its misery, but you proved me wrong! So I want to thank you and tell you that I so appreciate the words of support not only for this story, but for my participation as a Stony fanfic writer. I still think it is best that I will stop doing WIPs (after FoN and Code of Silence) and only post full stories to AO3. It's just easier for me mentally and decreases the anxiety. I hope you are ready for some great angst, great hurt/comfort and even some fluff pieces - because I am!
“You have to do that slow,” Tony says, examining the damage. It’s not severe; they weren’t outside for more than 45 minutes Steve estimates. “Here, let me.” He reaches for Steve’s hand, but he pre-empts him.
“I know, I get that,” Steve replies and doesn’t know if his heart will settle ever again. It robs him of breath at times, the way it beats with such rapidity. It isn’t all about his oncoming heat either; it’s more about the fear and the trauma. The shield coming down, Tony’s hands raised against him as if he truly believed that Steve would ever want to hurt him. He swallows down but the pounding of his heart still chokes him. “I do. But now, I think this is for the best.”
Steve whips around and snaps, “None of that on this trip. We’re not out here for your fancy. We’re trying to save my friend, my-.”
She scoffs. “I don’t think you should walk down this path, but I know you. I know you like to test society. When you were a teenager you spent time running the Lanes and out at the edge of the Purge. You literally ignored your urgency birthday gift – the man who was supposed to be your omega. Your father would have disowned you had he been an alpha and able to hold onto the fortunes of the family.”
“Your greeting leaves much to be desired,” Steve said and touched the welt forming on his temple. It would be gone in a day, but still it hurt like a son of a bitch. “You could kill someone with that thing.”
“What?” She takes the new arc reactor from the workbench and begins to mount it into the hole. “You said it was safe, you said it was safe.”
“Miss Darcy, you say?” Tony swings a leg over his horse and drops down. It surprises Steve how fluid his movements are. He does steady himself against the flank of the horse once he's on solid ground, but Steve thinks it might be due to his heart weakness, and it concerns him.
After he placed the comm in his ear, Steve went to the surface. Clint and Natasha rode the elevator with him. Clint didn’t have his bow and Natasha looked a little more than pissed that she was disarmed. He addressed it. “This is Tony. I don’t want an altercation.”
“Yeah. Ty is a dick. Luckily at about that time I happened to have the first version of the glasses. There wasn’t an implant and they worked like shit, but I was able to show the world I could still see.” He hands a plate in Steve’s generally direction. “It worked.”
Another voice chimes in. “Apparently, the serum actually uses that bundle to regulate itself. Without it, the serum is useless. We didn’t know before now. No one knew.”
“Is your bond broken?” Tony adds. Of course it is broken. The Lord of the Carbonelli clan has been dead all these many decades. Some sync bonds last even after death causing the warrior to fall into insanity with little hope for recovery. In those instances, it is better to put the warrior out of his or her misery. If this is the Lord’s Omega warrior, he might be better off dead.
"Get your boots out of my surgical site," Banner hisses and slaps Steve's feet down, but at least now, Steve can hold Bucky in his embrace as his friend bites down on Steve's shoulder. Thor and Happy grasp onto his legs again, holding him steady.
“Yep. I should have guessed. A lot of games will do that. Window dressing without any real substance.”
Steve swallows down the pain. His brain circles not around the demeaning words Stane uses but the fact that Tony told him, confessed that Steve’s only a prostitute, a hooker. It’s hard to even formulate an answer, but automatically like the good little whore he is, Steve says, “Yeah that would be great.”
“Even after we bonded officially, the dreamscape was a safe place. There, Steve accepted me as his Beloved before he had in real life,” Tony said. They were seated in the small medical conference room. The large screens dotting the walls were dark and the windows to the city below them shaded. The long highly polished table was empty as were most of the chairs. Only Wong, Bruce, and Strange attended Tony.
The dizziness returns and he sinks against the pillows, forgetting the worries and concerns as his ill health takes him again. He tries to call out, to find his way through the Boundaries, but what he receives is garbled and echoed – so much that he cannot make sense of it. He ventures further into the seams between the worlds, and there’s a darkness, a cloud heavy and thick surrounding him. It isn’t like fog, but more like acid against him. He screams out and it jolts him enough to free him from the Boundaries.
Bounding up the side of the hill Hulk in all his rage-filled glory targets them. Steve grapples for his shield and then remembers the nanobot one on his wrist. He activates it, yanks it off and flings it in one smooth motion. It hits Hulk squarely in the chest and knocks him over. The shield zooms right back to him, not naturally like his real shield, but as if the nanobots are programmed to zero in on him. He puts his wrist up and catches the shield easily.
“No, darling, don’t.” Steve says but this time his words are fierce, determined, and firm. “We’re not playing a game. You didn’t come to my rescue, you signed our execution orders. I am not your damsel in distress.”
Remembering New York, remembering another time when he sat on a train alone racing through the city does him no good. But it feels strangely similar and haunts him as he thinks about those days early on after the Attack on New York. He’d gone to SHIELD, eventually, or back to it. Because he needed an alpha and he knew he couldn’t go to the blocks. At the time when he walked through the doors and asked to see Fury, he wasn’t even sure there still were blocks.
Glancing over his shoulder, Steve frowns but before he can ask any questions Happy closes the doors. Steve hears a muffled voice and knows it’s coming from the double doors across from the entry. In the center of the round vestibule is a console table with a map of the Stark Systems glittering above it. He’d heard tales of the Stark Systems – how advanced the systems are, how all the planets are energy efficient, well conserved as far as ecology is concerned, how people pursue their dreams and don’t suffer in poverty. He’s sure some of the tales are overblown, but they can’t all be just myths. Sighing, Steve tells himself – this isn’t a fairy tale. His prince is not through those doors, he’s not going to win over anyone. He needs to realize who he is and what his place is. With a pragmatic view of the situation, he decides to do the best job he can and get the best tip possible. Think of it as an opportunity.
“No,” Bucky said and shook his head. His arm transformed to the metal one – the one that packed enough of a punch to level Captain America. “No! My best friend isn’t a god damned fairy and I will fucking kill him for doing this to you!”
“Fine, fine.” He muffles the reply and Tony tries to hurry along – there’s really nothing in the tiny bathroom to help Steve.
Tony likes that little tidbit. He knows not to pressure his potential boss. So, Tony puts everything on its head. “Stand up.”
Satisfied Sam moved aside to allow them to pass. Tony smiled. Even though the pack might be filled with a bunch of chaotic elements, they all cared, they all wanted to do the right thing. Even Barnes.
“Let me see that,” Tony says and lightly fingers the side of Steve’s cheek. “I have some nanobots I’m going to spray on it. Close your eyes.”
It scorches the back of Steve’s throat and he’s barely able to intake any breath at all. After a few seconds, Tony forces the inhaler in between his teeth again and a second puff. The world starts to sizzle away, black mixing with gray and then suddenly the clamp around his rib cage subsides. He gasps for breath and another but Tony cradles him, telling him to follow his breathing.
Steve clicks off the playback and stays put on the bed, staring up at the ceiling of his quarters on the ship. He’s going to have to tell Bucky. There’s no two ways around it. Sitting up he asks JARVIS to display the starfield to calm his nerves as he records his message.
The realization dawns on Tony. It’s true. He’d wanted to protect Steve from the awful truth of what Barnes had done. Knowing that someone you trusted and loved as a family member would do such hideous things struck close to Tony’s heart. He’d automatically wanted to save the pain from hurting Steve as well. The stark revelation heals a small part of him inside, that part that suffered so much when he learned that his mother had not died from an accidental auto accident but had been murdered. A small bit of his pain recedes.
“Unless we go to a very specific shop, they don’t really like waiting on the likes of me.” Steve jumps as Tony reaches down and plays with his balls. He falls easily forward, placing his head on the prince’s shoulder, shifting his stance to allow Tony access.
“Probably the steroid or something,” Steve says and finishes the bread. He only eats some of the pasta before it’s too much, too fast. “Oh, that’s enough.” He sips the tea instead. He looks at Tony’s tray – he’s barely eaten anything. “Oh shit, I forgot to tell you where everything is.”
“It does not,” Tony retorts, though he’s not 100% sure whether Pepper might have added that little sentence somewhere, stuck it in when he wasn’t looking. That’s taking advantage of a blind man.
“And you were worried about letting the cat out of the bag.” Tony strolls away and Steve bites into his frozen treat if only to shock himself into some form of sanity.
Tony squeezes Steve’s hand and never wants to let go. He never wants to leave this moment because it feels like he’s saying goodbye. He knows it’s ridiculous to think that way. It isn’t goodbye. They’ve only just started, but now there’s a whole lifetime between them.
“You know we can do this,” Steve says and a pain shoots through his chest. They both have to believe in order for this to work. “Do you trust me?” Tony had said that once upon a time.
The audience chuckles in response. Steve surveys the crowd, all high hitters, movers and shakers of industry and government. He notices that most of the invited attendees are the people reportedly known for their generosity and their philanthropic motivations. There aren’t many of the superficial showy ones here, the rich who donate to get accolades. These are the wealthy who care – most of them. Steve suspects that Pepper only includes some of the rest including Von Doom simply to milk them for their money. It is thousands per plate.
“Well, you know how it is. Laws, some of them, kind of get forgotten, left on the books for ages.” Ross grins. “So I could make you, Stark, responsible for your omega’s actions. Unless, of course, he’s not your omega.”
On the other hand, Steve simply makes do with his stealth uniform. Winds sting his face and burn his eyes. They need shelter as quickly as possible while they look for the Passage to the next rim. He scans the horizon line to see only jagged hills of snow and ice.
“Don’t worry, I knew what not to leak,” she said and then Natasha took off before Tony could ask what she meant. Clint seemed satisfied but not willing to share.
Plaintive and singular the word struck Tony right in the middle of his chest. The rest of the ward disappeared into the shadows.
Steve crosses the room and folds Tony’s hands in his own. “I would never ask you to do a nude without your express permission Tony. Your t-shirt and jeans are good, but I would love you to have bare feet. I’m working on drawing feet, so that might help me.” He presents the chaise lounge again. “There’s a fire in the fireplace here so you won’t be cold.”
“Since you haven’t rung him, I can do it. It’s just hanging up a jacket. Back in the day, you’d be surprised. We did it all on our own,” Steven says as he goes to the closet and pulls out a hanger.
Instead of supplying those answers, the Red Knight grasps his hand. “I’m Tony Stark. We were- we were close in the other world. We were a team. Family.”
“I have the whole alcohol thing under control. This isn’t that.” God, he’s so wrong and so horrible. He needs another drink now. He’s shaking and splitting apart all at once. “Fuck, I fucked up. I really fucked up.”
Tony spits back, “Somehow I find that very hard to believe.” Steve sees it dawn on Tony that he’s leaving. “Where are you going?”
Pepper chimes in. She clacks across the tiled floor. “First thing is you need to wear shoes that make sounds. Those will never do.” Tony stands to the side as Pepper goes through the basics. “Tony will never use the walking stick out in public. He will use the glasses, but as he said the glasses aren’t a permanent solution. You will be walking with him. He will tune to you.”
“Let’s get something warm in you.” Tony steers him away from the beauty of the waterfall, toward a small stone bridge. They climb it, but Steve never really sees it. His vision blurs from the pain and tears. Tony gestures to one of the vendors set up in the park and the man hurries to the prince’s side. Steve forgets to listen in, his mind still circling the loss of Bucky.
“Well, you won’t be flattered when they start following you around everywhere.”  Tony thanks Steve as he guides him to a stool at the counter island in the kitchen.
Steve slides over the plate to Tony. It has a double decker club sandwich with potato chips on the side – another thing Pepper would grumble about him eating. She always replaced them with some weird granola chips or something.
“Tony, I think you need to rest, now,” Steve whispered. He needed to get down to the bottom of these visions. He needed to contact Hawkeye to find out where the safe house was and to go and question the young woman himself.  If he could get Tony to settle down and sleep for a while, Steve might be able to track down some of the answers to his questions.
He remembers Tony explaining it to him. First Tony asked him if he’d like to sit down and watch a movie called
He never picks up pencil or stylists anymore. He doesn’t even know where his art supplies are. He thinks a psychologist would have a field day with him. Throwing himself down on the mattress, he lies with eyes open for hours. Sleep doesn’t come. She’s become a difficult mistress these days.
It worked as a defense mechanism – to worry about what had happened to Steve and not to concern himself about his own circumstances. His whole body felt like a live wire. The shooting of some kind of energy from the center of his chest out to his limbs crackled and hissed in his brain. From the crucifixion to the transformation, he couldn’t wrap his head around it all. Too much. It was all too much.
“Oh, don’t you dare, don’t you even dare.” Tony manhandles Steve and flips him over, getting him up on his knees, but also pushing him down with a firm hand on his upper back.
“Thanks, Natasha,” Steve says but before he leaves, she loads him with a bottle of wine, glasses, and cheesecloth with food. He smiles and climbs the stairs. There are a few hoots from the floor of the saloon. Rarely, if ever does he part take in Natasha’s roster of girls – in fact he’s never actually done so.
“Jesus,” Tony muttered. Maybe it was a good thing that he wasn’t bonded to Steve. Who the hell wanted that as entertainment throughout the day? “Was it a nightmare or something?”
Tony clasps Steve’s hands in his own. At he touches him, he can feel the softness of the fur that once welcomed him like an echo. “I know who you are. I don’t want you to be anyone else, but you.”
Tony presses his mouth tight, not knowing how to handle the situation, but at the same time he’s played the game in front of the paparazzi so many times but Pepper is always a different story. He walks over to Steve and wraps his arm around his shoulders. “Pepper, my husband Steve. Steve, this is Pepper Potts. Former Personal Assistant, but now CEO of Stark Industries. She’s that good.” Throwing out some compliments might buy him some good will.
“No other choice. We get to the Hub and we get to the exit Door. There’s only one way out. And we have to get out before my worm does it’s job because otherwise, we’ll be stuck in here forever or we’re all dead.”
Steve doesn’t know what to say, how to handle it. “It’s my fault. I’m sorry. I was a little taken aback. That’s all. This is the first time I’ve done this with someone I didn’t know.” He’s panting and shivering. The swing of emotion nearly overcomes him.
Steve sets down the shield and gestures like it’s the crown jewels – and to him it probably is. “I’ll hold her, and you climb on.”
“In the dream?” Tony said. Half of him asked as a man fully aware that the state he was in was just a fantasy. The other half was a man that wished he could speak so clearly and frankly to Steve.
Bruce helps Tony go through the final checks and calculations, though he’s more subdued than usual. He knows Tony’s been having more visions, more images are crowding his brain. It means big time seizures are just a petit mal one away. The doctors want to run tests, Tony refuses. All through the wait, Tony steers clear of Steve. He can’t say why exactly, but it might be that he wants Steve to come to him – though he already did once. Steve broke off his relationship with Logan and came back to Tony. He specifically sought out Tony. It might be greedy, but Tony wants him to do it one last time.
“Maybe, but we can’t go tiptoeing around the truth. He’s a former slave and Pierce has got him up there in the Governor’s mansion with him so that it looks good to Washington, we all know that, Sam.”
Tony laughs and gets to work right away. Steve leaves the whole chicken in the sink and washes it. Then he finds a roasting pan and brings out a bag of herbs and spices. With some olive oil and butter brushed on the skin, he rubs the herbs on the breast and legs.
Over the hysteria roaring in his ears, Tony heard Rumlow directing his agents, “Get his ankles anchored to the roof.” He kicked at something on the ground. “The damned shackles are right there. Get him locked in.”
“Kind of – it’s really a Fury safe house.” They stepped out into the clearing and Steve noticed the rundown appearance of the cabin. It actually looked as if part of the roof caved in. The rain grew more intense as they walked out of the forest. “It’s more than you think. Come on.”
“I’m not going to dignify that with a response,” Tony replies but there’s a grin twisting the edge of his mouth. Instead, he turns to Frigga and asks, “You’re sure about this.”
Tony’s never known Strange to be tender. He’s one of those brilliant doctors that has the worst bedside manners but at the same time he trusts implicitly. Now, Strange shows his softer side and Tony doesn’t know if he should rail against it, or accept the kindness at face value. “I’ve been fighting this for a long time, Strange. It’s in my nature.”
Steve practically glares the reporter back into her chair. “Ma’am, that’s my husband you’re talking about. I’d appreciate it if you remembered your manners.”  The crowd gawks and then the reporter withers back into her chair.
Blu bends down so that Tony can reach the surface of the water. He cups his one hand and manages some water. He’s going to have to figure out a better way to ladle and save it. As he drinks, Blu joins him.
“Calm, Captain, calm,” Tony says and jerks his fist up on Steve’s erection. He gasps in response and arches a little. “There you go, rock into it.”
Natasha and Tony don’t believe him. During his time in Korea he’s always under watch. Steve could easily overpower the nurses and doctors who sit with him. Even in his weakened state, he never doubts it is as an option. Steve remains under guard though. Hurting the doctors and nurses trying their best to ‘save’ him treads into the nebulous arena being wrong. He’s done wrong things before for a greater cause, but the medical staff aren’t trying to detain him, but – in their minds – save him.
“It didn’t feel bad,” Steve said. “It didn’t feel like hell raining down on my head. It didn’t feel like anything at all.”
He can’t deny the reality of the unreal situation they’re in. Being part of a robot super villain’s brain sent him for a loop when they first arrived, coming to the realization that they are fighting Tony’s super intelligence might be a little too much to handle today. He settles on the thought that maybe, just for now, they should take care of the essentials.
Wow how long has it been since I updated this fic - over 2 years. I suppose the never say never quote is in order here. I'm sorry it took so long and I am sorry that this chapter is short. Officially, this story is back in the WIP rotation for updates. So that's a good thing! I hope you all like the new chapter. The next chapter will be very dark so be prepared!! For those of you that don't remember what happened last - this is contemporary Steve and Tony. Remember Steve cut out his own gland, almost died in the process, Tony came to the rescue. Read chapter 6 for a refresh!
“Not all the time, but yes.” She finishes. “There. Now if you please, take it off and try not to mess with my markings. When you get it back there won’t be active nanites. It will be fitted just for you.”
Scowling, Pep waves for Steven to follow her and they go to the ladder, descending it quickly. Tony joins Jamison near the command center and mutters, “What do you think of him?”
“And who do we have here?” Natalie says and steps forward as does her omega, Clyn. The omega behind her is a crack shot and she often calls him Hawkeye. Tony does not ask. The man is partially deaf and Tony would have had that repaired long ago, but Natalie never even thought about it.
“Come on then,” Tony says and starts up the stairs. Steve doesn’t say anything but the gratitude he feels softens more of the doubts and worries he has regarding Tony. By the time they climb up the flight of stairs, Tony grabs onto the wall and pants a few times, as if trying to catch his breath.
“How is he?” No hello, no how are you doing.  They’ve never been friends; they tolerate one another at best.
Maybe going with Thor had been a bad idea. He wakes up the next morning in his small attic apartment with Thor resting his head on Steve’s belly and a throbbing headache. Steve rubs at his face. His tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth and tastes like he licked New York sidewalks. He gags a little. Pushing Thor off his stomach (who only grumbles), Steve tries to get up, fails, and then stumbles to his feet. The room crashes at him like he’s in the trash compactor scene in Star Wars. He tastes bile which makes his tongue even more disgusting.
Yet Steve came through the comm-link as his soul snapped back at Tony. “Stay in your position – get to the pack members.”
“You’ll never find him,” Bucky says. “He doesn’t want you to find him. He hates you. He collects information on you because he wants to assassinate you. I might give him the clue to get to you. I might do it myself and serve him your head on a platter.”
“Stark?” It fell into place then, the horrible truth. Steve shuffled in the bed and Sam groused at him to stay still. “Tony Stark?” Steve hitched in a breath and his lungs tightened on him. The monitor beeped in protest. It couldn’t be right. The first time he’d tried with Tony, the soul bond fell apart. It unraveled. No. No. No. Maybe his anxiety came from the two new members, or the pain spreading out from his wounds, not the deeply seeded fear he’d managed to hold at bay all of these years.
Tony looked up at Strange. He’d taken to talking about the dreamscape as he hunched over and stared at his folded hands. “He said he wanted to break the bond between us, set me free.”
Hacking SHIELD, the pre-eminent spy organization in the world, takes half a day for JARVIS. Tony is impressed with JARVIS and a little disillusioned with the rest of the world. Fury is an idiot for not bringing him onto his team, but then again Tony once told the US Senate to eat his ass.
Steve threw his arms over his head, closed his eyes, and sighed. "We're not dating, darling. Don't go there."
“Well, first I want you to breathe. Catch your breath,” Tony said and knelt at the edge of the bed. He stroked his hands over Steve’s chest, remembering how he had just tasted Tony’s nipples. Steve was hard, his cock dripping onto his belly as he laid back. “Okay, I’m going to open you up.”
“Well, we’re not your average soul pack,” Tony said. That had to be his lamest comeback ever. “Listen, I need help to work this out. I came here to get some words to help Steve. He’s shut down and feeling more and more alienated every day.”
“No, it’s not,” Natasha says and she crosses the small distance between them. Stories high, the bridge feels like the heavens with the clouds touching close to it. “You don’t have to do this alone.”
Tony stared down at the cell. It was plain. Nothing much. A bench in one corner and a blanket folded next to the bench. What looked like a shower head was tucked into the opposite corner. Tony frowned. Next to the shower head was a toilet with a sink. He stared at it for several seconds. Why would an animal need a toilet? Had they trained it to use a toilet? What the fuck had his father and Stane been doing?
There’s a cushioned bench behind him, so he settles down and lets Steven do the work. He leans back, his hands gripping the back of the bench, his legs wide. “Work it.” It is a command and it is followed. Having an omega at his beck and call sets him on fire. It’s so much better than buying the time of a drone from a mating block. Once every urgency cycle is nothing compared to this – to have all the time. He throws his head back as Steve licks and sucks, paying particular attention to the head of his cock and then further along where it swells to knot. He’s coaxing the knot, bringing it on. Tony mutters incoherent sounds and shoves his cock into Steven’s mouth.
Steve eases onto the edge of the cot and helps Bucky drink the water. His skin is hot to the touch and he looks like someone beat him in a back alley. Bucky accepts the water, but only sips and then refuses the rest.
“Well what do you know,” Tony says and finishes up. He steps out of the shower and towels dry. “So Xi died. How long did Carbonelli go without an omega?”
Natasha settles in her chair, the desk between them immaculate without a speck of dust or article of work. The clear interface reads transparent. She stares at him for a good minute before she steeples her hands and leans her chin into her thumbs. “So, you fell.”
He does, zipping it along the dusty ground and then finally toward the big cat. Blu leaps over and uses the armor back plate like a shield, catching the light and throwing it back at Tony. He barely gets out of the way – avoiding the blinding light.
Steve runs his fingers through Tony’s hair. The curls, the soft waves delight him. He loves the feel of it. Like silk. “Like I said, Tony, not all people think of escorts as well -equals.” Tony shoves the chair back and stands up, jostling him off his lap. Steve sighs. He supposes he’s going to have to calm down his erection and frowns. “It’s the way of the station, the way of the worlds. There’s really not much you can do about it.”
Once home, Steve pretended not to worry about it, not to feel the constant twitch on his arm. The nurses and doctors might have confirmed that he was metaphysically connected to Bruce, but that told him nothing. They had tests – that’s what Fury had said. But it made no sense. If they had scientific tests to show that the soul linkage was there, didn’t that make it a part of nature and not magic. And the idea of SHIELD with all of their power knowing how to identify packs and mates brought with it an undercurrent of deceit. It hurt his head even to think about it. He made himself some coffee and sat in the darkening room with the files of his friends still on the side table. He should put everything away. Pack it all away and forget about the past. Because he’d been damned to the future.
The door to his quarters swishes open and the clack of the duchess’ shoes echoes in the quarters. He turns to see her and knows instantly he’s in trouble. “What the hell is going on? I received an alert that Tony’s schedule has been changed, significantly. Then I found out it’s the damned whor-the escort. What do you think you’re doing?”
Sharon escorts him to the back living room as she explains, "Her daughter wants to move her back to London. She doesn't want to go, but there's not much I can do to stop it. Considering my work schedule, I can’t really stop it any longer."
“Okay, well, it’s not a problem. Neither do I,” Steve says and then pulls the paper back to finish reading it. He reads the entire document. It takes a while because there are other questions along the way. When he’s finished, he nods and says, “I’m good with it. Do you want me to have an attorney to check it out or anything?”
“I asked for him to be here in…” She pauses and checks her watch. “In two minutes If you need anything just touch the keypad on the doorframe.”
All along, Clint screamed. “What the fuck? What the hell did you do? What? Blood? Fucking blood? He’s a human being, you god damned bastards.” Through his tears, Steve witnessed as Clint shoved the silver bottle in the face of Pierce. “Give him something. Give him some damned water!”
“Maybe you are as smart as they say,” Steven says and he smiles a little – a tiny curve of the lips.
“You’re going to go straight to Steve and ask him?” Bruce looks hopeful, as if Tony might actually take it as a hint.
“You might be right, I might be afraid,” Steve says and knows it is the truth. Even Tony’s touch, so light against his back, reminds Steve of what he needs to do, how this little haven will not last. “But I’m not stupid. You’re in no shape to travel; you forget, I saw you. I don’t even know why they let you travel from San Francisco out to here. I mean how did you get from the East, from New York City?”
“Okay,” Tony said and lowered his gaze to their linked hands. Part of Steve recognized a wisp of sadness as if Tony hoped this was special.
It sounds more desperate than Tony thinks it should, but it’s possible Steve’s never had to fire anyone in his life. Of course, Tony’s never been fired either. Learn something new every day! Yippee. He sighs heavily. He doesn’t give Steve the satisfaction of being able to do this without looking into his eyes.
“You’re not allowed in the laboratory unless I specifically request your presence. Do you get it?” Tony says. He shudders as he speaks as if Steve’s trespassed into his most personal space.
Eggman says, “This is ridiculous. You can’t take him. He’s under the delusion that he’s Captain America.”
“An alpha – male is good. I want the knot,” Steve says and cannot stand how his voice seems to tremble. He clears his throat and tries again. “I require the knot.”
“Okay, I’m going to pick you up. I can do it in the armor,” he says and the gauntlet and faceplate are back in place. He stoops and then scoops Steve into his arms. When he does he watches as the HUD displays Steve’s vitals, the seemingly endless list of injuries, and the obvious issue – how the hell is he going to get him back to Malibu and not have anyone notice.
They work together on a plan to save the universe. It doesn’t take a decade, or five years, or even a year. It takes only weeks. Yet something goes wrong and it doesn’t matter what’s happened or how well they plan. Thanos attacks again. But they have a secret weapon, they have their very own gauntlet with minted infinity stones from the past. It should work. It will work. They are together in even this.
Tony glanced around and blinked a few times. “If you don’t mind some room service again? I’m a little - off?”
“Not really,” Steve says. “We’ll just watch. From here.” He stays put near the house and grabs Tony to keep him planted in place.
“The synchronicity of astral energies through the various dimensions of the multi-verse. Captain Rogers and Doctor Banner were synchronized and thus bonded.”
“No.”  Tony placed an arm around Steve’s waist and guided him back to the bed. “Natasha called Peggy. She’s working hard as the head mistress of the European coven. She is trying her best to find a safe harbor for us. I thought you might like to know. They’re working on a solution.”
“Watching out!” Sam replied, and he hung farther up in the sky taking out the enemy targets like ducks in a pond.
“We oppose this new policy that the United States is trying to impose on the whole of the world. Wakanda has a peaceful understanding and laws protecting all vampires from this mutilation.” He held up his hand, index finger extended punctuating the words. “We will not stand for this prejudice. Our vampires are free to mate. And we have no violence against humans. Those vampires without mates are permitted to access our blood banks specifically designed for vampires!” The scene changed to a street in Wakanda’s capital city. It was night and vampires and humans walked arm in arm amongst the rest of the couples and human families. “The world has got it wrong. These vampires are our brothers and sisters. Our family. We cannot abandon them. We cannot in good conscience condone this new policy.”
Steve wiped his hands and leaned against the counter, fully facing Tony. “I might have. Still could. It’s hard. It’s not -.” Steve screwed up his features and then flared his nostrils and he breathed out again. “I was going to say not natural, but that’s the wrong word. It’s just not easy to drop decades of understanding for a new one.”
He places a kiss on Steve’s forehead. “I know we’re not- well- we’re not anything right now. But you were my omega once. Remember that.”
“Sometimes he just pisses me the fuck off,” the prince says and spins on his heel, jerking in surprise at Steve standing in the corner. “Who the fuck are you?”
He taps on the screen and it’s locked. It doesn’t take much to override the security and he breaks through to get the data on the omega in Delta-3.
Steve gestures to the chaise lounge that’s situated in a sunbeam next to the sliding glass doors. “The light is fantastic in the late afternoon like this. I thought it would be great for you to be partially facing away from me with your elbow propped on the back of the chaise, looking at the scene outside.”
Where Steve tries to learn a little more about the soul pack and the future. Oh and he bonds, again.
“I’m happy about that. I just feel really out of my element here. I don’t know if this is a good idea, Mister Stark-.”
Steven nearly growls at him. “I know my place. I’ve known it for a very long time. It is by my alpha’s side. I am your warrior.”
“Once – a long time ago,” Steve admits. “Not anymore.” There’s no harm in telling the truth, but there must be because he witnesses how deflated Tony becomes at his words.
“I can call in a lawyer, Steve. As Steve’s Alpha I grant him the pleasure of spending his presentations with anyone I pick or someone we agreed upon. This man is obviously that.” Tony’s strung tight, ready to snap.
“It hasn’t worked with the other vampires,” Pierce noted and gave both of the researchers a hard, determined look.
“I left the other Blu, the real one – well you’re the real one but he’s actually a living one. I left him behind. He’s over there. I don’t know if he even got out. If he’s even safe.” He pets the little toy. “I want to be good.” His words sound so small, inconsequential, but life changing. “I’m going to be good.”
Tony lumbers on toward the cave opening, readying his flamethrowers. He bursts out into the heat of the desert day with flames scorching a clean path for him. It’s powerful, beautiful, and all too familiar. The pain of loneliness etches a hole in his chest deeper and wider than the arc reactor planted there. Then as he’s trying to take flight, Blu surges forward nearly knocking Tony on his ass. The lion gives a wicked roar and leaps into the air, shielding Tony from the oncoming terrorists. In the armor, Tony launches into the air – a free and wild thing. The arc of his flight may be perfectly symmetric and easily calculated from a physics point of view but from his – it’s only a terrible, wonderful thing. He screams as he flies. Knowing he’s free is all he really needs right now; the hell of his captivity is over. It doesn’t matter if he dies when he impacts the sandy earth below – it only matters that he freed himself.
“Make it a priority,” Sam directs, and Steve only smiles. Sam always had the makings of a fine Captain in the Army. They say their farewells and then Steve mulls over the events of the day. But what he really can’t stop thinking about is Tony, cradling him, taking care of him when he had the asthma attack.
“It’s the one thing he failed at, Anthony. You don’t understand,” his mother responded, but he glimpsed a sadness in her eyes as if she knew that she would never take first place in her husband’s heart. And Tony hated Steve Rogers all the more.
“Well, Dad says that now that you know about us, we can expect you to pop in at any time.” Her expression goes blank for a good thirty seconds and it’s freakishly unsettling, but then she smiles at them and hops off toward the fields.
He glances at Bucky and then Sam, hoping to get some clue as to why it’s taking so long. Bruce had said it would take less than 10 seconds. Steve would be back. He’s not. The time platform is barren. The truth scoops out what’s left of Tony’s heart. He stumbles to the side of the platform, his arm aches. His face is raw and numb. Asking the obvious question isn’t worth it. He knows. Steve escaped the truth. Steve left him here to wonder and to hope. Steve left him with the remains of his reckoning, his epiphany that he loved someone from a far for too long. Time steals chances.
As they wind their way into the waiting lounge suites for the delegates, Steve ushers them into the rooms. The party enters and mingles in the main living room of the rooms. It will take a few hours before they are moved to their next part of the journey.
“I have to get my armor. I can’t work on getting out of here without it.” For a crazy minute, Tony thinks Blu is deliberately trying to keep him here – in the middle of nowhere. “I’m not staying. This isn’t some fairy tale and you’re not the secret prince.” Tony marches toward the hill. Blu confronts him; he dwarfs Tony. “Get out of the way!”
When they arrive at the luncheon several of the attendees are already milling around the high tables set with finger foods and appetizers. These tables line the semi-circular room and toward the middle of the room are several tables ready for the lunch. Notched in the side of the room, a man plays a grand piano, the music filtering softly around the reception room. Steve watches as Tony observes before he entertains anyone. He assesses and nods, then taking Steve by the elbow, guides him to a group near the farthest appetizer table.
“Hey, he was sleeping,” Tony protests, but one of the soldiers does not take kindly to his statement and butts Steve in the head with his rifle.
Strange lounged backward in the chair. His index finger went to his lips. “Will it now, Captain? Are you so sure that the serum wasn’t fundamentally changed as well?”
“It’s usually evidence, but you can go and look. I think we have a pretty good idea of what happened here now,” the officer said.
“And we do have a method to handle this, you know,” Fury said as he stood up. “Natasha – well, now she’s officially your partner. I do not want this spread all over SHIELD. Keep your arm covered Agent.”
“That’s not – you’re not even supposed to know I have that. Natasha doesn’t even know I brought it. It’s just for me. For when I want to lay around and do nothing. I can’t be seen in public with the prince in this!” Steve grabs for it but Tony narrows his eyes at him.
“With the assassination attempts he’s staying aboard his ship. He doesn’t trust the station security and I don’t blame him.” She goes through the packages of clothes he still hasn’t packed. “The robes will do good tonight. It’s more casual and inviting than a suit or uniform.”  Steve grabs for the white one but she yanks it back. “Try the red and gold. Those are his family crest colors. He’ll like that.”
He flips open his faceplate, making the one play that he hopes will help him. “Come on, you know me.” The lion pauses. He lifts his head momentarily and sniffs the air. “That’s right Blu, you know me.”
Tony suppresses a smile. “I feel that I may have met my match. What other surprises do you have up your sleeve?”
Tony finds himself sitting on the edge of the couch. “I don’t know if I have the right to ask this, but can I?” He motions to the couch. It’s wide, not exactly wide enough for both of them, but he could sneak onto it easily enough.
“That’s their role,” Bruce said and put his hands in his back pockets. “It’s okay. I’m here to mend broken souls not give advice. I’m not that kind of doctor.”
The wrangler/goon snaps the whip and it strikes the lion. It jolts with pain and scurries away, not like the king of beasts at all. It’s in pain. It growls at its tormentor and the Lion Hunter waves his hand. The wrangler flicks the whip, herding the lion toward Tony. With a short peer over his shoulder, Blu turns back to Tony. His eyes narrow and his head drops, he’s hunting. The animal has no other choice. Neither does Tony. This whole situation’s gone to hell.
“What do you want me to say?” Tony said. “London, well, we made a connection. He needed my help. I did what I could.” He threw down the Kevlar he had been fiddling with for the last hour. “I’m not going to kiss and tell.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony asks, his hands open and empty. “You’re here to treat the wounded. You said you were a doctor, a doctor from one of the best medical schools in the world.”
“Yes, Of course it is.” He feels relief that he shouldn’t since he knows just by Steve’s demeanor that he’s lying to protect Tony’s feelings.
Steve knows those fears. A fear of being rejected, a fear of being left behind, a fear of being the ugly one never included. He understands the fears because it grows in his bones, it runs in his blood, it heats his nerves.
“Great,” Clint grunted. “That will go over well.” He huffed. With a heave of his breath, he said, “I’ll go back.” He touched Natasha’s shoulder. “Keep me up to date, okay?”
Steve makes a small startled click with his throat; he must have tried to muffle his shock. “Okay. Sorry.” He offers his hand and leads Tony from the dock to the shore. He doesn’t remark on his sudden about face. He helps him with the helmet and then climbs onto the motorcycle.
With both of them helping Steve, they support him through the broken factory.  As they work their way through the aisle of rusted old equipment and silent machinery, they keep low in case there may be others waiting for them. Tony wants to interrogate Nat and find out how many others she encountered, but as he begins to ask, Steve grips his hand and stops them.
“Everyone knows that, Buck,” Steve says and stands up. He heads over to the small table they have set up in the corner and when he gets there without falling over he counts it as an accomplishment.
Bucky whistles to Redwing and the bird leans over and taps the ear bud. “We’re coming, but I’m not sure we’ll get out.” He can’t explain the situation adequately for Sam to understand.
“I don’t. I don’t even know you,” Bucky said. His voice sounded strangled as if every word fought to get out, to push past his training. “Look at you. You’re -you’re with him. You let him fuck you.”
The hulking presence of a nefarious being surrounds them, searching for a way to destroy them, to cripple and torture Tony. Steve shields Tony at every pass. The darkness broods, shadows them and expands and encompasses them. It tries to thwart them as they prod forward looking for the escape. Automatically, Steve throws defending thoughts out beyond where he feels Tony’s presence resides. His own aura spreads further like his shield and it’s familiar and easy to do. He knows how to defend, how to protect. He was made for this.
Steve barely pants as he crests the hill. His cheeks are blush red and his eyes dazzling blue. He grins at Tony. “Now you can try.”
Steve’s jittery the rest of the flight as he observes Tony. A shell, that all Steve can think. Tony’s a shell of himself. There’s no light in his eyes, he’s practically comatose but still moving around. He drinks when Steve offers him some orange juice. He chews methodically when Steve offers him some crackers, but he stays completely emotionless, flat, uncaring with no energy. It terrifies Steve. This isn’t Tony. This isn’t how he would want to live.
“Well, there’s nothing for it.” Steve pulls on the skintight leggings and that clearly show the bulge of his cock. Over the black leggings he pulls on the red satin tunic and then the long sleeveless vest that reaches to his knees. It’s black and ribbed with red. The yellow embroidering on the back displays a complicated abstract symbol that reminds Steve of the Iron Man face mask. It’s not that at all, but it sure looks like it. He has to admit, the outfit is perfect.
The words startle Steve, surprise him enough that he’s across the small confined area in seconds and has Bucky’s shirt twisted in his hands and his back shoved up against the wet stone wall. It never flickers with electricity. He pushes his arm into the doppelganger’s throat. “Tell me what you know.”
The words wash over him not like a tide but like a chilled breeze. He treads carefully. “I should, I mean, thank you. For what you did back there. The meeting really worked because of you.”
“The dinner was uncomfortable. I wanted to – you know – talk to him get his ideas and insights on the Avengers. The team not the pack. But he couldn’t look me in the eye at all,” Steve said with a shiver. Stark’s eyes bored into him when he did focus on Steve. It unnerved him. “He was taciturn and reticent.”
“Steve Rogers made Captain America who he is, I don’t think anyone else could do that,” Tony said as the doors to the elevator slid open. “It’s amazing.”
Tony runs his hands through his hair. “No. No you won’t pull him out. That’s not the intention of any of this. If we don’t isolate and destroy Ultron now, we’ll never get it done.”
While the river is wide it’s nothing like the mighty Mississippi or the angry Niagara, this is a river that reminds him more of a snake. Its dangers are hidden along the winding of its coils.
The omega manages to slowly shuffle over to the bed. He hunches forward as if in pain. He still looks like a ghost of a human – though some say that omegas are not human since they cannot procreate. When the omega gets to the bed, Tony helps him and situates him so that he’s sitting as comfortably as possible.
Tony goes to the sink and mutters something as Steve enters the living room, kitchen space. It’s large and expansive, a little too modern for his tastes and totally nothing like how Tony decorated. Ultron got it right that the place would be modern in it’s stainless steel, chrome, glass, and leather, but nothing else speaks of Tony. So, while Ultron knows Tony’s surface he doesn’t know what’s underneath.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve replies and his hands are on Tony’s face and then glides down his neck to his open shirt. The shirt comes off along with his vest. Tony only has his pants on now.
Sleek as a cat, the omega begins to disrobe. His actions shouldn’t arouse Tony as much as they do. But the way he pulls off his clothes, the way he keeps eye contact as he does. He unsnaps the leathers and lets them drop. Unties the trousers and they fall. He steps out of the puddled clothes with the collar on.
“I promised,” he whispers. He rocks against the pillows and the tears come. He made promises. “I promised to be better.” He tried. He really did. Instead his mentor is dead, and Tony feels chilled and alone. More alone than he’s ever felt.
A direct attack is off the table. As they sit around the small cottage and hammer out different strategies – all ending in disappointment, Steve bites at his nail and then drops his hand.
Clint stepped into the light and Tony knew- knew at that moment that Clint had been the one to deliver the virus to his AI. That Clint – of all people – took down his sophisticated computer system and hacked into JARVIS. He recalled seeing Clint in the Security Center. Tony had thought he was just helping Happy out. Shit, what happened to Happy? What if they trace it back to Pepper? How will she get to safety?
He walks through the overpass, the glass enclosed walkway. It stretches across the divide between buildings without touching the pristine jungle. He needs to get away – from everything – from himself. But he doesn’t know how to do that. He never did. Even before he acknowledges it, he hears the soft shuffle of her boots behind him.
“Very.” Coulson flicks his attention to the monitor. “You’re launching soon. Good luck, Commander. See you on the Lemurian Star.”
He moves to leave Bruce in peace with his weird root tea and his meditation, but his friend catches his arm. “He feels deeply for you, Tony. Everyone can see it.”
Tony’s shoulders slump and he looks at him with regret. Steve reaches out and places hands on each of his shoulders. “I’ll be here when you return.”
Contrary to what the media believes, Tony hasn’t had many partners. As a young man he played the field, but then the accident happened, and he severely cut off his sexual antics. He’s no blushing virgin to be sure, but his partners of late have been few. His last partner had been Pepper. It worked until it didn’t with her. They were on two different trajectories, and Pepper did have a tendency to mother hen Tony.
This is no dream come true. This is reality, a reality marred by pain and angst, a reality supplemented with joy and bliss. He’s seen more of his own agony over the years, but little of the happiness so many others have been able to capture. The idea that this might be only momentary has been wiped away by Steve’s assurances. Something perfect and heartfelt supports him for the first time in his life. He can be himself and not worry about rebuke, rejection, or reprimand. It’s been a constant in his life. He’s come to live with it as a yoke around his neck, like an albatross he carries with little hope of freedom.  Yet, now in Steve’s hands he becomes something more, something peaceful, something hopeful. He becomes someone.
“Understandable. I get three days off a week, but I don’t take them.” He holds his finger to his lips. “Don’t tell the boss. He doesn’t know. I like my job. I want to make sure the prince is safe.”
“As simple, my lord?” Steven asks as he opens the door from his bedroom for Tony. They continue down the long curved hallway. His estate mansion or some would call it a palace, has modern design mixed with a touch of old Earth. Art scavenged from the old world decorates the walls. The floor is a high polished white marble with blue veins. The large windows welcome the manicured gardens of the estate.
“Nat scares everyone,” Clint says from the doorway. He’s got his arms folded and a pissed off look plastered to his face. He’s angry at Steve for dispatching him to take care of a minor issue with the ranchers outside of town, while he went covertly to tackle the Schmidt problem. “By the way, Nat might want to get back to the saloon, Thor and that chucklehead of a brother of his are causing a ruckus.”
Tony stays stunned and frozen on the ground by the tree as Blu turns away and leaps up onto the rocky outcropping of the hill. He stops, faces Tony, and roars once again as if to make his point, then he’s gone. Tony sits there, shivers and curls his arms around himself. The momentary thoughts of serenity and peace dissipate. He wants to go back to normalcy. He wants nothing of this place anymore where he can’t have a nice bed and all the luxuries around him. He wants to leave the stink of a wild animal behind him.
Well, there’s one reason not to give away the CEO position of his company. “There’s an extra special meeting at SHIELD I have to go to.”
Usually, Tony found this type of intimacy disturbing and frightening. Part of him attempted to pull away but the sound of the words transformed and melded not only into sounds but something more. The words reached into him, defining him and turning him from solitary to bonded.  It terrified him. He wanted to tug away, but the bond drew him, lured him within its weavings. It mesmerized and hypnotized. It felt as if it became part of his blood, his bones, his breath. It grew out of him.
“Whoa!” Nat grabs for the cup. “What the hell? Stop it. It’s going to be fine. He’s going to need you.”
Something pounds between them like the waves against the shore during storms. It feels worse than a storm battering him though. He swallows down his fear and he asks, “Have I earned that?”
Also, for everyone who wished me well for my surgery, thank you! I'm feeling a lot better now - just wish I had been able to write more during my recovery. Who knew I'm be out of it for so long??? But all is well now! :) Hope you like this chapter!
Strange leaves them for a few minutes as the surgical staff gathers to prepare. Steve turns to Tony. “Are you ready?”
Tony gambled then. He took a chance. He stood up and Steve went back only a footstep to allow him room. Seeking, Tony said, “Then how about this?” He reached up and gently brought Steve into his arms. He didn’t try kissing, he wasn’t going to go that far – at least that wasn’t his intention. He felt the stiffness of Steve in his arms, but slowly Steve brought his arms up to encompass Tony. They stood there like that for a few minutes as Tony counted the muscles in Steve’s back giving way, as he relaxed and laid his cheek against Tony’s temple. Even Tony eased his weariness, his tension. Their souls resonated through the bond and it was right. Tony felt the tangle of souls that had knotted and now relaxed.
“The Core is the Soul. The Core is in me. I am the Soul,” Steve said as Natasha, Sam, and Hill fell into step. He heard each of them chanting it along with him, even Hill who must find a simple comfort in it. When it was time to leave Natasha, he gripped her hand and said, “Keep lines open.”
“No, you can’t,” Steve says. “You can’t give me anything. Except for what you pay me. That’s it. You shouldn’t even be here. Please leave.”
"Hold him still," Doctor Banner snaps, his anger evident in the flush of his cheeks, the harsh furrow of his brows.
"What's not fit?" He can't believe he is asking her this. It doesn't seem possible. Does he ask if Steve Rogers was a known sex worker back in the day? Would she even know something like that? Maybe he’s a clone?
Tony grits his teeth. He wants to gnash them but that seems too melodramatic for the moment. “Kind of dating? I mean maybe he doesn’t like guys and he’s experimenting with me because he thinks it is the in thing to do these days?”
He can still remember his father telling him about the Uprising. It was an ugly thing. The Uprising ended any equality for the castes. Omega would always be the lowest rank. After the Uprising omegas were further segmented into the warrior class and the drone class. The warriors would bond with alphas while the drones would be selected for work in the Mating blocks. Under the tutelage of his father, Tony understood the necessity. As an alpha and a prime, he had been afforded the best of everything. His father both reveled in it and secretly hated it. While his father ended up with more power due to Tony’s birth and the ability to keep the Council seat of the Stark Family, he also deeply and consistently envied Tony’s biology and status. Having the finances to be part of the government was one thing. Having the biology to demand a right to the chair – that was something that eluded his father. Going to the Council of Worlds and making a good show of it and terrifying the other alphas with claims to the chair means that he needs the best omega warrior there is.
Natasha holds up her hands. “I know. I know. I’ll pick something out and then we’ll get you over to his ship.”
“I protected you from the truth,” Steve says. His heart ramps up a beat and he wonders at it. He feels as if he’s balancing on the precipice, as if they are circling one another coming closer to collision. Or something better, something hopeful.
“Jarvis has been around forever and continually pranks me with Sir or Master all the time.” Tony slips onto one of the stools at the island. “What’s for lunch?”
“Steven. You must meet my mother Frigga and my father, Odin. All the way from Norway. They came in to see our set up. Decided to finance a whole line, after all. We have enough to work with you on your comic now. You can do this full time. With us!”  Thor’s joy overwhelms Steve. The idea of focusing on his comic, the one he wrote and drew tempts him. This is the break he’s been waiting for during his entire artistic career.
As a child he learned about an unblemished nation, but of course, those were fairy tales. Every nation on Earth carried its burden of the past – its sins and transgression. America just seemed to carry more because every single advance forward was marked with steps backward and the blood of the innocent. As a symbol of that country, Steve recognized years ago his duty to be more, to stand taller, to be the kind of person that a desperate, blemished country needed. Yet he was as stained and as tarnished as the rest.  Maybe once he could have done it, but now?
It had been good to talk to Sam. The adoration Sam had for him diminished and their friendship grounded in reality. If anything, the universe had gotten it right when Sam had been designated as Companion. While Steve could confide in both Natasha and Sam, there was an ease with Sam that brought about a good feeling, a sense of camaraderie. When Steve went to bed that night, he felt as if tomorrow and the meeting with Wong would prove fruitful, if only Tony would open his ears to listen.
Tony jerked, startled at the voice. “Clint?” He squinted as Clint walked to the side of the cell. The pitiful recessed lights barely illuminated anything in the small cell. “What the hell? Get me out of here. They have Steve.”
“They broke ‘em, pretty good. It looks like you been through a lot. Did they let them grow out or did they break them right off when they were growing out, when you were transforming?”
“Jesus, you will be the death of me.” And suddenly Steve’s pulled onto the prince’s lap, their mouths locked together.
“Before we set off for that, just let me tell you – at my brothel you make 70% of your take. That’s better than all the brothels at this station. You keep any tips. That means that if the client choses to leave some credits on your side table afterwards – that’s the tip. All clients pay before they enter the brothel. So don’t screw it up. I hate it when they want a refund. Causes all kinds of paperwork.”
Putting those thoughts away for another day, Steve noted a police car not far from Sam’s apartment but it didn’t seem to have anyone in it. He scouted the area and then decided to park about six blocks from Sam’s place. Steve found an old duffle bag in the back and shoved his shield inside of it and finagled the bow and quiver in as well. He shouldered the bag and they started down the block to see Sam. Before he did, he took his cell phone out, smashed it, took out the sim card, and then threw it in the cab of the truck.
“I sleep, just not as much as everyone else,” Steve says and tries to throw her off – which is stupid because Natasha can always read people as if she has an inside line to their brains.
With one hand pressed down on his chest, forcing him to still, Tony angles his hips and thrust. Steve slams his fist down on the table. The dishes left there jump in response. Tony snickers and slowly withdraws until he’s nearly only teasing Steve’s entrance.
“There’s no way we can’t assume a rogue nation hasn’t already downloaded Ultron to use for whatever nefarious plans it has,” Steve had pointed out.
Tony snaps his fingers and Thanos, his forces, all of it disappears in ashes. The power of the gauntlet with the infinity stones suffuses through him, burns and scorches him. His lungs turn into sacs of death, his skin curdles, his muscles shrivel. His brain blisters. He’s dying.
“You know what, I did what I knew was the right thing, and I’ll continue to do it. But I don’t have to stay here,” Tony says, his eyes grow colder, distant, almost tinted with a frigidness that reminds Steve of his time in purgatory.  He moves away from Steve, after a brief hesitation as if he’s unwilling to simply leave him if he’s truly disabled.
“You can no more promise me that than the doctor can grow Bucky a new arm.” Steve says but his attention drifts away to the darkening clouds toward the ridge of the mountains. Most of the time the clouds would dump their snowy load over the peaks, but it's gathering strength and the wind chills to the bone.
“Still waiting for her Captain to come back,” Natasha replies and gives him a quick peck on the cheek before stepping back to assess him. She raises an eyebrow. “I thought Buck was watching out for you? When’s the last time you slept?”
“How do you home it to the optical nerve?” Steve asks and he notices how Tony beams at him. He’s proud, happy that Steve picked up on that specific issue.
In seconds he enters Tony’s open doorway to find Wanda, Vision, and Pietro waiting in the lounge area of the master suite. Both Vision and Wanda avoid looking at him. He’s thankful for that, lord only knows Steve thinks the flush to his cheeks will spread to the tips of his ears especially since – like a teenager – he just showered to jerk off because of what he saw. He curses inwardly but frames his expression to be neutral. Mercifully, Tony’s not in the lounge area at all.
Tony recalled Steve defending the Maximoffs. saying how when the bond snapped into place and they connected, Steve felt an estrangement from the young woman of desolation and loss. It came down to the fact that Stark’s weapons led to their parents’ death. He might not be directly responsible for the deaths, but somehow, he still felt the pain. He excused himself and slipped out before Steve could call him back. He walked down the steps of the back porch and wandered toward the fields.
“Everything isn’t what you want it to be, Steve,” Natasha said. “He’s not the person that you knew. Not anymore. He hasn’t been in seventy years.”
Steve filtered through his answers. But there really wasn’t one that suited Tony or this whole situation. “I have to be honest. I don’t want this soul pack thing at all. When I grew up it was just a fantasy, but now I find out that those memories are fake, put in my head by a new timeline? I don’t want a soul bond because it’s part of this fake future to me. I don’t have any interest in being soul bonded to Bruce.”
Steve only laughs at the name and sits up, takes Tony’s cock and as he hunches over him, swipes it against his own entrance. Tears streak Tony’s cheeks and he’s edged toward the cliff and then with another grasp at the base of his cock, brought back again. Once Tony’s breathing through unexpected pain of stopping his orgasm, Steve pets him softly on the chest.
“Which Star Wars?” Tony flips through the laminated pages of the binder to find the television instructions. He doesn’t need them, but it gives him something to do other than think of Steve’s pecs.
Tony pulls away a little and pushes Steve’s hair out of his eyes. “Listen to me, don’t cry for the fools that will hate you, they don’t understand love. Don’t cry for the fools who will condemn you, they’re already condemned in their narrow view of the world. Don’t cry for them – they will never approve of you, regardless.”
“I don’t understand why Ms. Potts requested that I come. She’s the one who had me fired in the first place.”
“This isn’t happening,” Steve said. He wanted to believe it was just a dream. It must be. He had been emotionally exhausted and hadn’t rested since he found out about Peggy, and then having Thor named as one of the pack – as the Guide – threw him.
Steve eats but checks out Jarvis. The man literally hates him. He points to the creamer. “May I have some cream for my coffee?”
“Tony, stop,” Steve says from the bed as he tries to force himself to get up. It doesn’t work the pain overcomes him and he falls into the cushions, miserable and stifling the moans.
Too many words. Tony scratched at his scalp, messing his hair. “Bruce, just settle down.” He rubbed at his eyes. His head pounded and swam with competing priorities.
He spells out the whole story. After he finishes, Steve says, “He was fine. We were taking a break from all the work. I thought it was a good idea for him to relax a little.”
Tony holds on, and then cups his other hand over Steve's. Almost to comfort, he says, "There you go, Captain, relax." His words soothe and quiet.
Tony bolts upright. “A recording? What? Play it again.” He fights the sleeping bag to free himself and stumbles over to the controls.
“His ship? Not the station quarters?” He’s not sure about the ship; they could take off at anytime and he’s stuck onboard with no way to escape.
Steve indicates the schedule hanging in a holograph above them. “You’re welcome to approve it. I was going to run it by you anyway.”
“Yeah, all of us. We should give it a try,” Steve said. “I talked with Wong and he thinks it would be best if we started with some of our physical training exercises because we know how to do that and then we could add the soul pack dimensions to it.”
Sam looks at him with a wary eye, but Steve only tips his hat, thanks Sam for the cover, and leaves. Their two horses trot along with a pack horse to bring extra
As Steve leads him out of the workshop and toward the elevator, Tony confesses, “Looks like someone got a few photos of our picnic. They’re making the wrong assumptions, just so you know.”
“Go, tomorrow I’ll regale you with my witty banter,” Tony says and turns, leaving the presentation suite and his omega. He doesn’t look back, but he quietly closes the door. He walks directly to the bar in his room, but then abruptly stops. Steven has the bottle of bourbon. He could call up another, but instead he goes to the shower and gets in once he undresses and the water’s steaming hot. It shocks when it hits his skin and he doesn’t waste any time, but takes himself in hand and stroke with a mad fury. Nothing comes of it, he’s impotent in his confusion but he only wants release.
“Well, I think you’re out of luck, or that would be me out of luck,” Tony says and places a hand over his eyes. “Can’t believe it, Tony Stark is going to fucking die in this cave.”
He guides Steven to the bath and tells the AI to warm the water. It is the perfunctory AI of the Avenger, not one of his personal creations. In seconds the water steams and Tony slips off the rest of his clothes to follow the omega into the water. He gets Steven to sit on a molded bench in the water. It laps up to his chest and Tony reaches for the soaps and shampoo. Slowly he works a lather into Steven’s hair, washing it thoroughly before he notices the man is crying silent tears.
Whisper quiet, Tony came to stand next to him. His hands gently pulled Steve around, revealing Steve’s shame. “Tell me.”
“She’s a rescue,” Tony’s saying. And his eyes go all dreamy as he stares at the little bitty kitten sitting in the middle of the monster rug in the penthouse living room.
when Bruce jumps in and keeps them on track. “Reed, Bruce Banner here, we need to know a little about what Steve talked to you about when he was in Japan.”
Tony grimaced and curled further in on himself. Of course, Steve and his blood – the serum – held so many keys, and Steve’s had always been the only genetic make-up that had ever worked with the serum – ever. So they needed him to stay alive. But how alive and what kind of life?
Within Steve the agony grew, toying with both a reconciliation and a deep yearning. His eyes watered and blurred out the vision of the rest of the team crouching over them. Steve realized he’d fallen to the floor. Bruce tumbled further, rocking as he did while Natasha screamed out a warning.
“Captain America is an omega,” Fury had repeated, paused, and then shook his head. “Of course that makes perfect sense. Doesn’t it? The best soldier ever known would have to be an omega, wouldn’t he?”
“I’m not sure I like that,” Steve said but as she strode out of the laboratory, he followed her. He had to jog a bit to catch up because she was on a mission. “This doesn’t upset you? At all?”
“Well it’s that or Ultron can read our minds in here.” Tony turns and looks back to the dark clouds in the entrance area. “And if that’s true then we are royally screwed.”
It gets colder, and stiller in the West when October settles in, but Steve hangs on to the window frame staring out into the hills with their leaves coloring like fire, and farther still to the mountains surrounding the town and thinks of nothing but the deathly pallor of his friend. He should be free of the poison, but he’s not. It’s done something to his brain.
Lightly his fingers trace lines down Steve’s abdomen and he speaks in low tones. “I want this to be special Steve. If you only want to touch and explore then that’s fine with me. I don’t want you to feel pressured.”
Tony shifts to aim and Steve loses his balances, the rope swings wildly. He catches the wall, the sharp rocks slices into his gloves. More of the ragged wall crumbles away. Tony’s shot goes wide. He swears but Steve extends upward and grasps the rope. He drags them a few more feet.
Tony looks up; there’s a huge bruise from the right side of his forehead, down his temple, to his cheek. The cheek is especially swollen and ugly.
“Sorry.” She wipes at her eyes. “It’s been a long time since Tony’s had someone outside Happy, James, and myself.”
Clint eyes the gauntlet on Tony’s right hand. “Not sure you can shoot with that thing on. Not sure you can have a hot dog, either.” He smirks.
He’d asked the team to allow him to speak to Tony privately before the mission to infiltrate Ultron’s brain. The team slowly left with Natasha lingering with a concerned look on her face. Steve nodded to her and she agreed silently. After all, she knew what he was about to confess.
After a quick knock on the door, Natasha walked straight into Fury’s office without awaiting an invitation. Fury sat at his desk in that infernal black leather coat, eye patch gleaming in the afternoon sun. “Did you speak to him?”
“It wasn’t,” Steve repeated. He had to because if he didn’t he might not believe it. “So, can someone give me an update?” Steve glanced around at everyone but never settled on Bucky. He should greet his old friend, but something intangible prickled between them. He needed a moment to settle his own troubled emotions.
“Wouldn’t I, though?” Loki says and his tone is wistful and light. His eyes drift faraway and for a moment, Steve swears he sees Ultron’s red eyes in shadow, flickering as if muddied with pain.
Another slam against his palms and the spikes drove home. Tony cried out, knowing the blood tears streaked his face. He gulped and gasped unneeded air. The whirl of the air in his lungs expanded and hurt from the inside out like a firestorm in his chest. The arm around his neck tightened and he gurgled and choked.
Before Tony could respond, JARVIS chimed in, “Sir, Agent Barton has informed me that the Quin Jet is ready for take-off. All are aboard and are awaiting your and Captain Rogers’ arrival.”
Howard Stark never stopped studying the virus. It swept the Earth in a year and changed everything, but it soon died out and was no longer contagious, but Howard did find it infected the germline. While the virus dissipated in the environment, it became part of his DNA and part of his germline DNA. He passed it on to his progeny.
“I appreciate that. I do,” Tony says and it’s true. He does not want this to disappear, to be a joke that Steve laughs about years from now.
Tony kisses his temple and promises. He promises things he has no control over but to Steve it means the world to him. After they unwrap themselves, they move forward through the day at a dizzying speed. When they arrive at the clinic, a crowd gathers outside its doors. Some have signs protesting Tony’s procedure others have signs supporting him. Multiple vans with dishes on their roofs line the avenue. It’s a festival of the media. Steve sighs and Tony only pats his knee.
He strokes a hand down Steve’s face, being careful not to touch the injuries to his eyes. Steve jerks and wakes. He realizes it’s Tony almost immediately and relaxes. He’s still curved in on himself to stay warm against the shock.
“I can’t believe any of this is so real. All the virtual reality rooms I’ve been in are nothing compared to this,” Steve comments. Granted, the few times he was in a VR room it was on the station with his friends relaxing. Nothing can beat the highly advanced technological wonder that is part of the Avengers Ship.
Later that evening after a quiet dinner where he did his best to sharpen his façade, he brought her to bed and followed her lead. He kissed her and caressed her. She touched him and licked him. Yet, nothing worked. He found himself impotent and dead in her arms. When she whispered it was okay, that it happens to everyone, a crackled laugh spat out of his mouth. He wanted to quote one in five, but instead he left her in the bed, cold and alone. He found his way, tripping over his own clothes, to the bathroom locking the door behind him. He ignored the long mirrors by the double vanity. The cozy Tuscan-inspired tile and light fixtures. He went directly to the shower, turned on the double heads, and closed the glass door behind him as he stood in the water fall.
“I never said he has cancer!” Bruce spits back. He shakes as he fists his hands. “Don’t test me. I said we need to check his head. That’s all. I’m checking the serum every hour to see if there’s any change in the activity.” He blows air out of his nostrils. “I gotta go.” He marches off, not looking back at Tony.
Steve stands up and wraps an arm around Bucky’s shoulder. “You know Sam has it over me ten times over when it comes to flying. He’ll do you good, and he’ll bust your chomps if you dump him for me anyhow.”
“Maybe. Winning is never guaranteed. I have to find a way to figure out how the Supreme Intelligence knows our moves before we do. Is it so strategically advanced that it’s out maneuvering us or-.”
“Just minor, but since Bruce was named the Healer of the pack, we always have to go to him to get check out. Otherwise, well, you know what happens when Bruce gets angry,” Steve said and a lingering little joke hung in the air. Since when did tight pants laugh about Bruce and his problem?
Steve stares away from Tony, out into the growing night. “I didn’t have a choice. I wanted to stay here.” He mutters something under his breath.
Steve only shakes his head, but there’s terror in his eyes like a rabbit seeing the fox about to pounce.
“Not sure entirely.” Bruce gives a halfhearted shrug again as he toys with the wires. He doesn’t focus on Tony. “He talked a little about your drinking problem and Pepper, I do remember that.”
“That’s where Iron Man comes in,” Steve said and looked up at Tony from the battle hologram before him. “We’ll need you to get a lay of the land, find out the defenses.”
“Are you so sure?” Natasha asked but her gaze focused on Pepper, who seemed more fidgety than usual. In fact Pepper was never a nervous nelly (whatever the hell that meant) but she was acting that way now. She kept playing with her hair, and throwing side glances to Tony. The subject of heroing and Iron Man truly bothered her.
“A little of that Brooklyn settlement accent comin’ out there, huh?” Clint teases. Steve nearly growls back at him. “I know this whole day feels like shit in a handbag but give Luke a chance. He’s a good guy.”
“What do you say, Blu? What were you doing? Who were you looking for?” Tony whispered to the little toy. Maybe the lion wanted someone to help him. Maybe Tony could be that person. Maybe he could be someone’s hero.
“Yeah, well things change. Apparently, they want to ally with the Conclave because of the Supreme Intelligence has been infiltrating their ranks, causing all kinds of problems. Don’t you keep up with the news, Steve? I’m disappointed that you don’t know.” Wanda frowns at him. “To be a good escort you need to update yourself at all times.”
He snaps open his eyes and looks up. His reflection disappears and in its place is Tony. In the mirror. Now he’s really going crazy.
He shoved them in Steve’s hand and went to get water from the ensuite bathroom. He checked the water as it flowed from the tap for the temperature. Steve never liked very cold water. As Tony looked up and checked his own reflection – because vampires did reflect in mirrors regardless of what popular culture said– he noted the full blush of his skin tones. He seemed to glow as if there was an everlasting light embedded in his chest. It bowed his head. He’d gone too far. Drank too much again.
Tony turned on a small lamp on the table and blinked a few times. It occurred to Steve that he probably hadn’t seen the lay of the land without the illumination. Steve dropped the blankets and pillows on the couch. He sure as hell hoped it was a pullout because there was no way they were going to fit on the couch together.
Tony had to admits, his heart hammered in his chest a little more like a hummingbird when he first sees Steve on any given day.
His failure transforms to glittering gems, stones of different colors with different powers. They hold the secret and the promise of a peaceful world, a world where he doesn’t have to fight anymore. Where the Silver Knight can be put to rest. He dreams of being old, of seeing the day he can lay down his arms and just go home. But he knows there is no real home for him. He’s substituting a dream for a home because his home died.
But the prison fades into memories to scorch his dreams and hold him prison in the dew of the night. He tries not to visit there, but the fact remains that he is trapped, an angel on the mortal realm. He’s not sure if it’s ever happened before, and as he wakes again, he comes to a more conscious state than he’s experienced in his previous wakings.
Tony understood a bit of this. One of the reasons they started looking for the laboratory in the first place was the accountants found an anomaly. A lab in the Rockies was drawing funds from a secret off shore account that Howard had established decades ago. It was an investment account that had millions in it and funneled money to the specific laboratory. For three decades it operated. Of course, Howard and Stane apparently knew about it since their signatures was all over the archival data. It meant that for the last few years the facility ran without Tony’s knowledge or any supervision.
Tony nods. “Thank you.” He crosses the library and goes to his bar. The bar is elaborate with wood and metal twisted together to form a more modern art piece with touches of the Stark emblem on it. Mixing a drink, he says, “Think I need a little liquid courage.”
He won’t knot for a long time. Instead, he eases out of Steven’s mouth, watching the dribble of come on his lips. Tony wipes a hand down Steven’s face. He’s distraught with desire, the need to come. He’s beautiful in his misery. Tony is not a cruel man, but he understands the need to control power. Yet, the thought of causing this man pain hurts him for unknown reasons. Tony’s a master of weapon design; his life is about selling death. A little pain to a man who is to be his protection and his servant for the rest of his days shouldn’t bother Tony. But it does.
“Remember the twins?” Hill asked. “Well, it looks like they were part of an experiment in Sokovia. It’s a small eastern European country that’s always been in the crosshairs of history. In other words, more powerful countries use it as their dumping grounds.”
Steve stops before he leaves. “Brucie Bear?” Does Tony have a boyfriend that Steve never heard about? Steve swallows down the thickness in his throat and blames it on being exhausted.
Rogers straightened as if he’d heard a ghost. He climbed to his feet. It was obvious from how his bones stuck out and his pelvic bones were so obvious that he had been underfed for a long time. His abdomen looked caved in and his skin shined with a translucence that only flesh not seeing the sun for ages would. His legs bowed and he shivered as he stood up. Without sight, he still managed to stay well away from Rumlow. Tony approached him, carefully, tentatively.
“See,” Tony says to no one. “That’s why sledding sucks. You spend most of your time climbing up the hill to get three seconds of thrill time. Give me the armor any day of the week.”
“Hmm, who is this?” Only one person calls him darling and that’s Steve. The person on the line does not sound at all like Steve and it’s not Steve’s number.
As he sits on the edge of the chair, Tony cards his hands through Steve’s hair, his head thrown back and his moans set Steve on fire. He strokes his own cock as he works his mouth along Tony’s erection, licking and tasting. Tony is splayed out before him. His silk pants puddled on the floor, he has his smoking jacket open, and his chest heaves.  Tony shudders as Steve slips a finger back and edges along his cleft.
Tony only growls in reply and crosses with two steps to the other apartment on the floor. He knocks and waits. He knocks again and waits. “Shit,” he says when he realizes maybe only the deaf guy is home. He gets to his knees and tries to peer under the door. It doesn’t work.
“Listen, man, you can’t go hiding it that way,” Sam said. “Take it from me, this stuff isn’t even twenty-four hours old for me and you cannot do it alone.”  He seemed like a reasonable guy to Tony, but at the same time, trust never came easily.
“Divorced," Tony says quickly and then adds to his daughter, "You’re too old for your age, you know that don’t you?” She only nods and smiles, not sparing a glance at her father.
“I don’t get it. You two seem pretty close,” Steve said. He squeezed the steering wheel. They tensed in response to the flash of headlights from an approaching car. It continued on its way down the country road.
“If it’s some crazy ass idea that I give up on my sight you can forget it. You might think I’m not accepting of my situation-.”
Steve offers him a hand up and then gently tugs on his trousers. Tony protests, but Steve licks at his nose and says, “Don’t want to trip and ruin the evening, do you?”
“It’s a spy organization. What did you think?” Tony said. “They are probably jumping up and down with glee that you bonded to Bruce – the Hulk – already. Now you can control him and bring him on ops and cause all kinds of issues.”
Until she refused to let T’Challa take him down. He had realized how she might be in danger. Bucky had asked about his friends, what would happen to them – but Steve had placed it on the back burner. He knew he would have to face it, and he did – he’d gotten his team out of the Raft with T’Challa’s help. After, though, that’s when he found out that Natasha was on the run. He reached out, much like she’s doing now. He brought her to safety in Wakanda with the rest of them. She’s not to be caged, but then again, neither is he.
“No,” Steve said. He sat on the couch in the same place he’d sat the night before when they ate burgers and drank shakes. Elbows on knees, he clasped his hands together. “I think I need to focus on the Mantra.”
“Hey, here you go.” Steve announces as he enters the room. “I have hot chocolate with cookies that I’m pretty sure Ana baked this morning.”
“Then do it. You said it yourself, he’s Ultron – not Bruce! Shit!” Hulk jolts the rope enough that Steve bangs against the side of the mountain again, only this time it’s face first. He blinks away the pain and feels the wet of blood drip down into his eyes. “Shoot him!”
Steve swipes a hand down the side of his face reminiscent of how Blu would paw at his jaw. “It’s hard. Old habits.”
The envelope of darkness falls over him and he stands in the center, alone, but then the pitch black shifts and the robes of the Soul Keeper come into focus. Still his hood obscures his face.
He must have fallen asleep at some point, because when he opened his eyes, light shone in from the windows and in the corner chair Tony sat waiting for him to awake. Steve sat up, not surprised somehow to see this mysterious, ambiguous version of Tony watching him.
When they’re finally escorted to an examining room, Steve breathes a sigh of relief. It’s a normal doctor’s office with normal equipment and examining table. All the right stuff. Steve lets out a sigh and Tony snickers as the nurse takes his vitals. When she leaves, Tony glances at Steve through his special glasses. “So, the place freaks you out?”
“Thor. The hammer. Move it. Now.” She sounded strong, confident but when Tony really concentrated on her, he recognized the dark circles, the bleary look to her. He should tell her this wasn’t her fault. It was, but it wasn’t. It was his fault. It was Bucky’s fault. It was fucking someone’s fault.
“That’s it? That’s all I get.” He picks his head up and everything hurts. His brain pounds. He hears the screech of the storm and shivers.
While it is odd for the system to not update about a certain person due to distance and time, it’s especially off for the notification system to actually send an alert about it. He frowns and taps his implant a second time.
Tony joins Steve in his art room. The place is an orderly catastrophe. Even though there’s a mess in the room, Tony identifies the management of the chaos. In some ways, Steve’s military training supersedes his artistic leanings, in other ways it does not. Across the drafting table, where Steve’s sitting are panels of sketches. Hand drawn of a superhero in a tin can.
If discretion is the better part of valor, Steve wonders what an omission of truth would turn out to be. He’s not lying when he reports to Bucky that he’s engaged the services of their new blacksmith to check his horse. Bucky grumbles a bit. He spends the next few days sulking and then drags Steve into the empty jailhouse.
Tony bites at his lips. If anyone would know it would be Barnes. “The rebar punctured his lower abdomen.” He hopes that sets off some clues to Barnes.
“Get out of my face,” Tony hissed. Rumlow nodded and left. Tony went back to Pepper, but listened all the same for the sound of the elevator to ensure that he followed orders. He did. After a little searching, Tony found an outdated rotary phone on a corner desk in the observation room. He picked up the handset and listened for a dial tone. On the center of the dial instructions stated to dial a 9 for an outside line. He did. It took a while to get through to Rhodey on an unfamiliar line, but he did.
The guy rolls his eyes and shakes his head. “At least one of you is sane.” He waves for Tony to follow him.
That begged the question why hadn’t anyone actually reached out to Tony since Stane’s death and then he recalled the underground society that still lurked, still lived amongst them. “Well, I’m here now. We’d like a tour of the place and we brought a van to transport the one specimen on site?” That’s all they’d heard. There as a specimen on site – whatever that was. The description was vague in the archival data.
“Right here. I wanted you to be close in case I need you, plus we will have to work together on the technical drafts.” Tony places his whole hand on a reader plate that’s embedded on the center of the door. He nods to Steve. “Go ahead.”
The omega shudders, the quaking of his body brings a physical revulsion to Tony. It seems like he is focusing on Tony for the first time. A pain shifts over his face along with something that Tony can only mark as shock.  Tony can nearly feel the agony the man suffers even through the glass partition.  Purposefully, the man nods again to answer Tony’s question.
Steve sighed. “It’s been -.” He stopped and then slowly pulled his hand away to fold them together. “It’s been difficult for a while.”
Only a few hours before he needed to board the flight, he found himself at Strange’s conclave. He sat in Strange’s office as the sorcerer eyed him with what amounted to either disgust or challenge in his expression.
“Not often enough, that’s for sure,” Clint said. He closed off, his arms crossed over his chest, his shoulders hunched. “He doesn’t think he’s got a pack. We’re all his family. He’s got no one else.”
“It is from my point of view.” He turns his attention to Steve. “Now, Mister Rogers, can you tell me a little about your last heat?”
“Tony.” The worry in his voice rankles Tony. While Tony’s been able to hide his disability from most people, the few who know always have an adjustment period to get through before they settle down and deal with it. A new PA, though, is something of a new game for Tony as well. “If it makes you feel any better, Pepper’s been my PA for years. This is hard for me too.”
She grinned to show her golden teeth. “Really? I think you need to understand something, Captain. Those destined to be are the ones we need the most. Time and space might fold and bend, but one constant remains. When the one who comes, when he comes, you will need to be at your strongest. You cannot be that if you are not paired with your true alpha.”
“And you found out you weren’t,” Tony says, and Steve cannot meet his gaze. He turns to the waters, the beckoning waters that may heal or drown him.
“What? You’ve been holding out on me!” The idea of sleeping hits Steve like a brick. His shoulders sag and he blinks the sting out of his eyes. He’s desperate for sleep.
Steve closed his eyes and steadied himself before looking at Tony again. “It doesn’t feel like it. I feel-.” He shut his mouth. From his time, men didn’t share, men kept quiet.
“I saw you die,” Tony whispered and then he leaned forward and placed his head on Steve’s so that their foreheads touched. “You know what’s worse?”
He puts up his hands. “Okay, okay. But I need to be there. He’s counting on me.” For the first time, Tony realizes it’s true. He does need to be there, but it’s not because of Steve – not at all. He needs to be there to protect him. Who knows what mind tricks Ultron’s using? Hell, they thought Vision had shut Ultron out of the internet – Ultron even said it had happened, but then again, Ultron’s intentions and his actions rarely meshed.  The thought of Steve braving Ultron’s madness alone terrifies Tony – and that itself hurts deep in his chest where it surprises him.
“Don’t worry,” Tony said. “I got an idea to help this along.” When Cooper and Lila returned with a handful of robot heads, Tony grinned. “Give her here.” They dropped their loot on the dining room table much to Laura’s chagrin, but she didn’t protest. Instead she marched the children back upstairs. He watched them go and then said, “I guess I’m going to owe them an apology.”
The Red Skull throws back his head and howls with laughter. “You are still the boy from Brooklyn, all bravado and righteous goodness. I truly loved watching you lap at my feet for so many years. How do you even know what the right thing to do anymore is?”
“We don’t have much time,” Steve says. “I want you to know, that I will do everything in my power to protect you from what’s coming.”
Over the course of the next days, Steve successfully avoids Bucky. The business of full delegations of officials from all of the major Corporations, Guilds, and Territories keeps him overwhelmed, as well as gives him a good excuse to use when Bucky beats down his door looking for him.
Tony stopped dead. His breath came in heavy pants; any air he brought into his lungs seared him. The bond between them felt like a living thing. It throbbed and pulsed with crackling energy. It spoke out and everything else faded away. He heard it, the truth of it through the bond. Steve’s sorrow. His horror. His absolute faith that it was
Once Clint and his daughter are out of sight, Steve turns to Tony and yanks him around the corner of the house. “Can he hear us?”
He didn’t look at her. Steve was gone; the elevator had closed but he felt the strings of his soul vibrate with a new yearning.
Tony decides that honesty is the best policy. “Yes, I did. And I would do it again. Jarvis and Ana are like surrogate parents to me. Without them, I don’t know where I would be, what I would have become.” Tony takes a mouthful of the wrap. Jarvis surely does make the best falafel around. He chews as he considers and then once he swallows adds, “I was a loser without them. I drank myself to nearly death. Stane, the guy who used to run the company for me, tried to get me killed. Jarvis and another man, Yinsen, saved me in more ways than I want to count. Obie would have succeeded if they hadn’t stepped in when they did. Neither of them knew the other, but they both helped. So did Happy, Pepper, and Rhodey.
Tony had to pause to let the enormity of that sink in. No higher brain function? He might have killed his soulmate. His hands shook, his heart pulsed in his ears so that it was hard to even hear himself speak. The logical part of his brain took over as he sank further and further away from reality as if the waves that wash over Steve and drown him threatened Tony as well. Yet, he still remained rational. “Shouldn’t the serum have taken care of it all. It shouldn’t have resulted in a coma?”  He looked to Bruce to confirm his assumption.
And so we say goodbye to this verse. I hope you enjoyed it and that it gave you some happiness along the way. I know who each of the future new pack members are. But I am ending it here, so that we can always look at the Beloved universe and know that they are happy and well together.
Tony scratches at his messy beard; he needs to trim it. “That’s right. A person from flat land wouldn’t be able to perceive a 3 dimension person. Only what exists in 2 dimensions.”
The words are said sensually, seductively, but Steve reads them differently – as a plea or a confession. He grips Tony’s shoulders and doesn’t break their shared gaze. “Then show me?” It’s a risk, to play this game, putting his heart on the line in his business only means ache and pain in the end. He might not have a lot of time as a sex worker, but he knows how it goes for a forgotten class – it’s not like he’s ever been on the top of the pile.
That made no sense – why was dream Tony saying he was asleep? “I don’t remember it being like this before.” In the dream, it had almost always been as if they were lovers in a different time and place. They talked quietly, they loved passionately, but they didn’t question the existence or non-existence of this place.
Tony grimaces. “No, you will not. I’m going to leave the locator from the HUD. I’ll have a crew come back and clean up everything.” He picks up what’s left of the innards of the helmet and one of his small pincer tools. Delicately, he fishes it out of its slot. “It’ll work for 24 hours. Then the battery will be depleted. I can have the ‘copter come back and get everything.” He places the small transponder in the hollow of the tree, stacks all the bulky pieces of the armor alongside it. The HUD, the faceplate (for sentimental reasons) and the gauntlet (for more practical reasons) come with him.  “Let’s go.”
“Sometimes,” Steve says. He doesn’t mentioned that if he had been traveling alone, he would have done the trek in one go, not stopping for anything but his bladder and a chew on some jerky. His horse, Shield, is a good one and has a balance that allows Steve to push the animal farther than others would manage. “We should get there by tomorrow evening, if we push it.”
“This is the one and only station I’ve ever been on Tony and no, I don’t get a lot of time off to hang out at the sporting events.” He softens his tone as he adds, “Besides, I don’t much like space travel. I like my feet on solid ground.”
Tony claps his hands together and smiles at Pep. “I better get to the bonding room. Want to be ready.”
Steve got up. “You want some coffee?” Sam agreed to the cup of joe. As Steve made the brew, he answered, “You know I liberated a few concentration camps during World War II. I will never forget them. It still haunts me.”
“Don’t worry. Everything’s okay. We got Clint out of the wreck. He’s stable but not awake. Bruce is with him right now. No casualties which is a fucking miracle.” Iron Man disengaged the helmet to reveal his face. Tony looked genuinely worried about him. “Are you okay? You were out of it by the time we got here.”
Bruce scrunches up his face trying to follow Tony’s reasoning. “What are you saying Tony? You’re not making sense?”
A low rumbling growled in the distance. His eyes stuck closed and he shifted because his arms and shoulders ached. Cold. He was desperately cold, frigid enough to bring memories and images of Arctic waters smashing through glass, the tidal wave punishing in its power. Steve gulped for air and opened his reluctant eyes only to shut them again.
Tony takes a few seconds to answer and that scares Steve more than he wants to admit. “Mostly, yes.”
He’s really fucked things up. Tony’s not the man he lashed out as in the living room tonight. He respects people. He climbs up, feels his way to the bathroom and turns on the faucets. He lets the water run until it’s too hot and splashes the water on his face, hissing as he does. Rhodey once told him it would come back to bite him.
Steve nods. He swallows down the bile, the panic, the tears. “Okay then. Goodbye. Tell Tony I wish him well.”
He put his one hand up to stop her. “I’m sorry, Doctor. But I really need to see him. He needs me. Right now, he needs me.” The train accident hadn’t happened that long ago – only days – but the fact remained that this was the first time that the doctors reported Clint being actively awake. Steve had tried to wake him through the soul bond, but there wasn’t a pathway since the bond hadn’t formed correctly. Whatever had happened to Clint, the guilt lay solely at Steve’s feet.
T’Challa studied Steve with an eye like a scientist investigating a new species of insect. “We all have our labels that say much about who we want to be and who people think we are. With your mate you both are a gift to this world, to your nation. You only have to use it and use it well to find a new peace.” He sat back and studied Steve again. “You know how to do this, Captain. You just have to find your way.”
The crowd laughs, but it is one of those uncomfortable twitters, bubbling out only to release the shared abashed emotion in the room.
Tony snickers because he can’t stop himself. The man is positively a challenge and a smart ass to boot. “Let’s say it’s a good thing.” Tony proceeds across the grand vestibule and up the main staircase to the upper rooms. Steven follows him. “Let’s say we can talk a little more. You know, break free from the formalities of protocols.”
“Oh,” Pep says. “Oh Tony.” And he sees it on her face. She agrees with the omega – she agrees with Steven.
“Tell him you have me, then you set the rules,” Steve says. “There’s no way he’ll give up the chance to get me back. As soon as I came into the realm, he could have put me in the Chambers Below. He didn’t. He wanted to use me, to watch me venerate him all these years. Now-.”
He taps his implant, tosses the tablet to the side, and swings his feet to the floor. Pulling Steve over to him, Tony plays with the drawstrings of his pants. “I want to take you shopping today.”
Tony pads across the large living space to his bedroom alcove. He pulls out white trousers, a deep cranberry tunic. “Steven is not very forthcoming with information.”
Creeping closer he kneels down and flips his canvas bag onto his back. The walls of the back office are solid up to about his chest and then they are a panel of windows. Most of the windows are stained with oil and grease affording them a coating that blocks all of the light. He crawls around the room until he sees a small window pane that's missing and the light floods out of it as does the sound.
Steve glares at the image of Tony before him, the puppet that Ultron controls. “You wanted me all along. One way or another you wanted me because you still want to be human. After all that destruction in Sokovia – all you wanted was to be a human. Forget that you think humans are faulty. You still long to be a human.”
Sam cocked an eyebrow at Steve. “I know it’s not what your 40s mentality says should happen, but it’s what happened. It has to mean something.”
Tony stays her hand. “No, I don’t want my neurologist to interfere with my day to day life. If I need Strange for a medical issue, sure, but not my life. I can’t have him in my life all the time I can always tap Banner if I need to.”
“So how did you see me, when you chased me? How did you-.” He remembers the cliffs. His beast, the ride toward the end of the line. “How?”
“Tony, it’s not necessary,” Steve says and pulls out a roll of aluminum foil. He rolls each potato in the foil.
“He better be,” Bruce said and the itching to be there, to cradle Steve, to offer solace. Yet, those feelings originated from Tony – not from Bruce. The mixture of emotions collided in Tony’s head. He squeezed his eyes closed for a second trying to clear his brain. When he opened them again, Sam grimaced.
Eventually the drug takes him away, and Steve relaxes, not asking Bruce what the dose was, not asking Bruce how dangerous it is to have him in this state. Finally, he’s able to stand up and leave Bucky’s side though Bruce follows him out of the room.
At home he brewed himself some coffee and settled into his living room, which he would have called a  parlor in his day, with the bundle of papers on his lap. He needed to learn what to expect with this soul pack. He put the mug on the table and fished through the papers, organizing them into different topics.
Steve frowns. He’s not about to start stealing his co-workers’ clients. “Listen, buddy, I didn’t come here to steal Jess’ client. So, you can forget that and this. To hell with it.” He turns away ready to stalk out the door, but Clint catches him and forces him to stop.
“I want you to kiss me,” Steve says and he’s more desperate for this simple act than to be knotted.  “Please.” He will beg for it. He will be whipped for it. Anything the alpha wants, Steve will give him for this simple act.
The line goes dead and Steve stays on the bed, staring into the darkness and wondering how he can stop his mind from craving something he can never have.
The worlds in the Purge Rim and the Lanes suffered from over population, lack of clean water, poorly structured cities. The refuse of humanity lived in squalor.
“You’re going to be like Bruce about this, aren’t you?” Tony says and releases his hand; Steve feels the chill of the late afternoon creep in.
“He’s your choice for an omega-.” Obvious, Jamison likes to state the obvious when he doesn’t approve of something or some decision Tony’s made.
“But it won’t be the same,” Bucky says and it borders on whining, something so uncharacteristic it hurts to hear.
Tony shakes his head. “Not like this, not like this at all. Sure, I knew you were an Adonis, but this – you even have some green in the blue of your eyes. It’s enchanting. Absolutely, darling.” Tony giggles. He’s giddy with it, heady with the experience. He dashes over to the blinds and curtains, shifting them open, only to find the darkness of the island. “The moon, where’s the moon?”
Steve no longer held hope for the future he’d suddenly found himself in. Long ago, Steve recognized something different in his soul, his heart. As a child he accepted that he was attracted to boys and not girls. He thought it was a sickness. But maybe his mother’s tolerance for vampires had been a way for her to tell him that she knew and loved him still. But the world around him chose to fabricate laws of God against who Steve was. Therefore, the idea of vampires being a sin, being called the undead, and not being accepted for their transformed beings, irritated Steve. It sent him into a spiral.
“Is it still hard to be here in this century?” Tony starts to put the Keurig back together. He needs his hands busy, maybe it will ensure his mouth doesn’t go overboard.
“It’s okay to put down your guard here, Steve. JARVIS maintains security. Eyes and ears everywhere.”
“They don’t seem to mind it,” Steve said. It was true. He never met a brooding vampire. With the exception of Bruce who seemed more anxious than melancholy, vampires in general were a generous people. They didn’t have to worry about disease. Nor did they worry about work. The covens provided everything except the human mate. The covens throughout the conclaves even tried to make that easier. They made rules against hunting, followed the dictates of the Treaty to feed on animal blood even though it did diminish their power. While they never followed the rules against mating, they still put up a fierce front to support intermingling throughout the human world. It worked. Except humans never were able to accept anything they couldn’t understand.
The meeting ended with Strange offering Tony more books on the subject of Beloved. He left the sorcerer informed but still confused on how to handle emotions . It occurred to him that the team had barely spent time together and that Strange was right on that account. How could they form the correct connections if they were constantly avoiding the pack itself? The fact of the matter was, this funeral would really be the first time, outside of the session with Wong, that they actually spent time together – supporting one another- as a pack. He headed to the airport, books in hand and a lot to weigh on his mind.
Steve stares at the mug, the spirals of steam above the rim are intoxicating. “You never make me hot chocolate.” Tony hates him, especially since the revelation of his omission on the death of Tony’s parents.
“Let’s sit on the pier for a little while. I just want to listen to the waves,” Tony says, and Steve agrees. They sit down on the edge of the pier. Tony closes his eyes and feels the pelt of the cold air on his face. “It’s amazing how much we can lose and how much we can gain.” He knows he’s being oblique. Maybe Steve will see through him. “Sometimes, it’s hard to see the good through the bad.”
Rhodey backed Pepper’s assessment. There’s no question, but then Pepper overcompensates. She’s always afraid for him, always wanting him to take the safe road. He swears if he was a soldier or a superhero she would want him to sit on his hands and let the bad guys win just to protect himself. Yet, the idea that Rhodey went along with her means something. It has to. He has to trust someone. Who does he trust the most? He winces.
“Had him on the ropes,” Steve murmurs, as Bucky tugs the holster off and tosses it aside. He gently guides Steve back onto the cot.
Tony wasn’t sure they succeeded, because Steve stood up and moved away from their touches, their embrace of him. His soul was shut and distant. He walked to the window and stared out. “Okay.” It sounded cold, bereft of feeling.
Considering the fact that they both silently acknowledged the surveillance devices, Tony glares at Steve. “I am not filing for anything. I didn’t come here for that.”
Steve heads to the couch. With his best Captain voice, he explains, “Usually I’m able to open the door – sorry that’s what I’ve been calling it to myself all this time – within a few minutes of thinking about it. It only takes a few minutes, but it’s always easier if I’m drawing a memory.”
He shook his head. “I can’t say anything more than I already did. I can show you more of the proof if you need.” Steve walked away then when Tony failed to respond. He left the workshop.
“More like a bucking bronco.” Steve squeezes his eyes close. He cannot believe he just said that out loud. What is wrong with him?
Ripping the headphones off as well as the earbud he tosses them aside and then gets his aching butt out of the chair. He climbs up the ladder, only wincing once. Sam waits for him. “You need to get that checked, you want me to clean it up?”
“We don’t have time,” Tony mutters and skips down the hill, only to tumble and pitch forward right at the feet of the Clint construct. It yanks out the sword from his back scabbard and prepares to impale Tony as he tries to get control of his descent.
Until one day a doctor in a suit and not a white coat comes by his room as he's about to watch a glut of news programming. He can sit for hours watching and seeing the same nightmares over and again without any resolution. The people in the world around him only talk, they never find a solution. When the man enters his room with a light knock to the door, he doesn't turn his face away from the news reports of an explosion at a government facility in the Southwest.
Steve gritted his teeth against the strain but asked, “Then what changed? Why this? Why did you betray Natasha?” Or was he ever mated? Natasha would know the difference, wouldn’t she? It made no sense to think she wouldn’t.
“I’m not sure; you brought it home,” Steve responds and figures that Tony has an idea about said creature sitting in the middle of the throw rug licking its tiny but delicate paw. “What did you want to do with it?”
Of course, the easiest way out is the one way that Tony can’t bear to handle. It means confrontation and that face off might expose truths that Tony just might not be able to handle at the moment. “Not yet. I need your opinion first.”
“What? Wait? I can’t sleep?” Steve says. “No, that’s not right. Tony I’m exhausted. I’m not the kind of person who stays up all night and doesn’t have an issue with it. I need sleep.” A part of him internally screams. His eyes burn with fatigue.
“God, Steve,” Tony murmured and shifted to give Steve better access to his neck and chest. “I want to- I want to touch you too.” He wanted Steve’s pants off. But suddenly the idea of asking got all tangled up with fears and isolation and – holy shit that was Steve’s thoughts and worries. “Steve.” Tony stopped him, bracing his hands against his arms. “I want more of you. Can we? Can we take off our pants?” Tony felt the blush of embarrassment from Steve just as surely as if he’d been the bashful one.
“I’m sure you have another fifteen in your closet.” Steve moves through the water and tugs at the jacket. “Take it off.”
“Nothing elaborate, my lord.” Steven replies and when Tony looks over to him he sees that Steven is sitting ramrod straight, hands clenched in his lap.
His captor rips at his hair and it brings tears to Tony’s eyes. But the man holds him so that he can watch what happens to his omega. There are too many men, far too many with too many weapons for Steven to overcome. What he sees amazes him. Steven uses his whole body to fight; he doesn’t shy away from anything even in his most vulnerable state.  One of the goons grabs Steven around the chest, but a fist comes up and rams into the attackers nose. A crack and splatter of blood has the man staggering away. Even as Steven’s freed, three more men set upon him. One goes low, but that’s a mistake because Steven smashes his heel into the man’s face and then kicks his head with the side of his other foot. Another tackles Steven, or tries to. But Steven twists out of his grasp and flings the man to the large window. He crashes through it and hurdles with a scream to the gardens below.
A rollercoaster of emotions loops through him. His stomach swoops low with it and he feels as if he’s twisted upside down with no straps on to keep him safe. He might fall, right now. He’s never been one to put his hands in the air on a rollercoaster – just ask Bucky and their many trips to Coney Island. He clenches the bar and holds on tight, but not now. Now he’s in free fall.
“What are you doing here?” Steve says and spits out more blood as Tony takes the wire noose from his neck.
“Got it in one, Cap. You need to snap out of what the Soul Keeper’s done to you, otherwise we won’t be able to stop him from invading the timeline and killing everyone we know and love.”
“The upgrade, you mean,” Tony chimes in. He hates it when they talk about him like he’s not in the room, he exponentially hates it when they make assumptions about his work without consulting him at all. “It’s the upgrade. The previous program only caused migraines. The upgrade probably initiated a catastrophic failure of the implant systems and therefore led to electrical discharge that ended with a seizure. Easy peasy.”
He hears a chair fall and feet scramble as the intruder leaves. It doesn’t matter. His heart tenses in his chest and his breath comes in small, useless pants. Cold sweat shivers over him and Steve gathers him to his chest. Shudders vibrate through him, mimicking the skipping of his heart.
Tony feigns distress. “Me? Get sick of me? Never!” Steve reacts just the way he wants him to by laughing and leaning forward for a little kiss. It’s sweet and right and sets Tony afloat. He doesn’t know what he did to score someone so wonderful, but he’s never going to let him go.  “Now, eat your fries and then we can watch a movie or something.”
Tony looks around and gets it. “I’m safe. You don’t have to worry. There’s nothing but fish in this water.”
“Is that why you call our lion, Blu?” Yinsen asks. His words are soft as if he’s trying to catch Tony before he crashing to the ground, but that’s not possible. Not anymore. The ground rises up and meets Tony, every night.
“Some Guide you are,” Sam scoffed and wrapped an arm around Thor’s shoulder – though it was a stretch. “Let me explain some things to you.”
“Since you’re so sure why don’t you tell me. ,” Tony said and knew he should have kept his mouth shut.
“How was he putting this together?” Tony muttered and flipped through another volume. “It has to be here. Why he thought it.” His father had been a contemporary of Ross. They must have discussed the possibilities of the serum as well as vampirism. How they related or didn’t relate. Why didn’t his father write it down? He fucking wrote everything else down. “Son of a bitch.”
Steve takes the dossier and waves his hand over it to reveal the information and his charge. “Tony Stark, of Stark Industries?”
“Yeah, the letter,” Tony mutters and then grips the side rail. “Listen, I’m going to let you rest now. I know we have a shit ton to go over and figure out. I think the nurse is probably right that you need some time to recover from some pretty major surgery. So-.” He pauses and points behind him. “I’m gonna go. I’ll be back in a bit. Want to clean up. Been sitting around in these clothes for over a day.”
“I wasn’t here anymore. They pulled me out,” Tony says and tugs Steve’s backpack away from him. He digs out the thermoses.
Steve nods again but averts his gaze. Tony isn’t his and this isn’t his life. He’s going to spend his immediate life fucking and then eventually be alone. He might have grandiose plans but in the end, Steve has always been a pragmatist. He has to accept his life as is and not think that there’s more to it.
