Tony was mortified that Steve’s words instead of causing him fear shot another bolt of arousal through him and he could feel his cock twitch and stiffen even more.  His cheeks burned with shame as yet again he begged his Alpha to let him come.
“There we go, you need these on to stop you scratching at your skin and trying to knock the cannula out.  It would not do for you to try pulling out any of the tubing during your detox as you will not be sedated for the final detox treatment.
I can see that there has been a further reduction in muscle mass, an overall softening of his lean frame, you can see this clearly by the loss of sharpness along his jaw line. Good size breeding pouch for 3 months, weight wise I would advise a large increase in fat reserves as omega Stark was underweight to begin with and is only now at a healthy weight for a non-pregnant omega of his size.
Natasha’s deep background check bought to light her dirty secret the pathetic bitch goes to an exclusive club that caters for guests that wish to indulge in orientation play.  Dr Cho spends her free time bound and collared with fake slick leaking from her cunt. Tonight, I am going to give her a taste of the Hulk’s knot, should she survive that encounter I have already made arrangements for her to be transported to my Mental Health Institution for experimental treatment for those with Orientation Dysmorphia.”
Natasha set to work on downloading all the information off the computers, Bruce picked up a thick leather bound book and began to flip thorough it, Steve only took notice when he saw Bruce’s skin  flush green, his eyes ringed with red.
Tony's therapist does not have his best interests at heart, well what do you expect from the staff at
“ David get her on her knees ready for the two old boys, they aren’t going to last long and the car will be here to pick them up in thirty minutes.”
They took the battle to the desert where Thor had first appeared, Thor thought it a fitting place to end his time on Midgard. He assigned Sif and Hogan to the task of shadowing Steve and Winter, for the plan to work they needed to die at exactly the same time and Thor could not be seen to be anywhere near them.
He casually placed his hand on her thigh, rubbing his thumb against the cotton, gradually pushing the material of up to expose more of her smooth skin. She glanced at his hand and then slowly parted her thighs, so that he couldsee the crotch of her white cotton panties.
Now let us leave them to it, I do not think for one moment that Hulk has finished claiming her.  I know that he wants me to force her breasts to produce milk, so I am going to go get the serum and see if now is a good time, since they seem to be settling down for a rest.
Please be aware that this is sexual in nature when Tony is in his little headspace as well as when big, so don't read if it is not your thing.  The next chapter will be explicit, this one is setting up for that.
“That will shut you up bitch, that is only coming off for food and blowjobs until you learn to control your tongue.  If that doesn’t happen then l will just have your vocal cords frozen, or your tongue cut out.
Don’t it make you feel all warm and fuzzy to know you are almost single-handedly responsible for placing all Omegas firmly back under the control and ownership of Alphas.
“Sweet-heart you taste as sweet as you look, our pretty virgin omega, quivering holes and trembling flesh ready to be breached and fucked full of our cum.”
Needless to say Tony had not managed to stay still or silent during the whole process and an exasperated Steve had finally fitted a large ball gag in his omega’s mouth and strapped him down on the chair so he could finish his work in peace.
She wasn’t surprised when she woke in the infirmary her wrists restrained by thick leather cuffs to the sides of the bed, they would be easy to get out of after she had been interviewed. What was a surprise was the fact she was naked with only a thin sheet covering her lower half, attempting to move her legs resulted in the sheet shifting to expose her denuded crotch and the realization that her ankles were similarly cuffed.
The first two days he had been fine, revelling in the freedom to work on any project he felt like and play with his bots. JARVIS had been strict about his feeding and sleeping routine but that had been OK as he was permanently hungry anyway, lugging round a belly full of three pups was tiring.
“Mmmmmm, w….what the hell!  Steve you can’t be serious, this is not the time to act like a complete knot head.”
Tony and Steve are both very angry, but you can guess who comes out on top and who is going to have a very sore backside.
Soaping himself he admired his restraint, the gouges cover Tony’s back were shallow, just enough to draw blood but not scar. The deep bruising on his hips clearly defined fingerprints.   Stepping out of the shower he willed his barbs to retract, his knot having softened sufficiently that it allowed his bitch to slide off his cock and collapse in an untidy heap on the cushioned floor.
Keeping hold of the blunt knife he moved to the cabin door and slowly opened it, there was no one outside on the front porch so he edge out and made his way to rail.  The dirt road didn’t join a main road and the surrounding land was dry and barren, the high unnatural graded ridges told him that it was probably an old abandoned sandstone quarry. There was no escaping without a vehicle, and he needed Steve to get him to the Portal coordinates, he just hoped that he idiot would listen to him and believe him.
“Aww come on Steve, you can’t expect the poor little dumb omega to understand things straight away, especially our spoilt little bitch who was never taught even the basics of correct omega behaviour before you bonded with him.  Well that’s going to change now he has two Alphas to instil the correct behaviour expected of a proper omega!
Steve was to make it known that he was in agreement with all aspects of the new Bill being proposed, gain membership to the Elite Alpha Club and work his way in to the confidence of the leaders so that the names of the extremists could be uncovered and those being blackmailed into supporting the changes in law.
Tony couldn’t believe how Steve was dictating his future, he had just escaped crime one controlling Alpha and now Steve was acting as though he had the right to tell him what to do.  When was anyone going to ask him what he wanted.  The baby had finished feeding and was now asleep so he asked Steve to place her back in her crib.
He lost himself to his rut, uncaring that his omega was cry and begging for release, he chased his own orgasms, knotting and fucking, biting and scratching the soft flesh of his defeated omega’s back and neck.  Using his weight, he forced his bitch’s face into the mattress, ass up and tied to his knot, nothing would satisfy him but the full submission of his  bitch, he needed the stupid cunt to understand that he had won, that for all his supposed genius the omega had been stupidly easy to manipulate.
He dragged BB to the stall, tying her by her nose ring to a hook on the wall, there was a bucket with oats and a tin bowl, he grabbed a hand full then held the bowl under her tit as he milked her.
Grabbing hold of Loki’s hips he forced him down further on to his cock, until he could feel his hard length through the thin skin of the omega’s stomach,  Loki wanton moans of pleasure increased as his knot caught and pushed passed his rim to fully inflate, locking them together.
Meg had always found that with military types it was best to talk to them as though she was briefing them about a mission.
You need not fear Bucky anymore, he is being dealt with as we speak he will not be able to hurt you again.  JARVIS has found a way for the Winter Soldier to be activated so that Bucky is no longer in control.  Dr Stephen Strange and Thor have been alerted to see if there is a way to remove him permanently. Once this is done we will meet with Winter to see if our bonds are still in place.”
Winter snarled and kicked back at the handler, teeth still biting the soft flesh, anther blinding slash of pain had him spitting out blood and nuzzling the fat teat rubbing against his face.  His nostrils twitched when he caught their sweet milky scent, taking the teat into his mouth he sucked hard on the fat nub his mouth flooding with sweet creamy nectar.  With every mouthful his desire grew, when he could no longer get any milk he moved to her other breast, teeth grazing the nipple stripping the skin until it was raw, then he sucked hard to get big mouthfuls of milk, his cock still pulsing cum into her cunt.
Your weight is of great concern, the dietician has worked out a feeding plan that must be adhered to, the feeding tube will stay so that during the night your diet will be supplemented by a formula high in nutrients and calories.
“I think once we have fed our omega it is time to tell him what a traditional omega pregnancy entails, also that we will be initiating War Pack bonding once these pups are born and Thor has returned from Asgard, hopefully with omega Loki under his control.”
I want the straps round his udders to be slowly tightened until we have a circumference of between 10 to 15 inches at the base, depending on how big his udders grow.
It is my belief that if the Starks had managed to conceive more than one child then Howard would not have reacted how he did, but Maria suffered many miscarriages after Tony’s birth and Howard’s age and probable low sperm count meant that all his hopes of an heir to take over the Company lay with Tony.  The law does not allow for omegas to be put under that amount of stress, or to work longer that sixteen hours a week and certainly not in such a highly stressful environment such as the weapons industry.
Steve sat watching as Tony crawled around the room, his covered hands rising up to feel the walls trying to find the hidden door, he watched as his little one slumped in the corner, the squelch of the soaked diaper loud over the speakers.  He saw the moment Tony’s face crumpled, tears rolling down his cheeks as he finally let go and called for his daddy.
If you prove yourself capable then once I am done with you, I will ensure you are married off to a rich husband.”
The utter humiliation of his situation flooded over him, obviously Steve didn’t care that he had fucked him in full view of a camera or any other person watching from to office block opposite. He tried to push away from the glass, his limbs heavy and uncoordinated with fatigue.
Steve had forgotten what it was like to be small and weak, to be skinny and forever cold.  How simple tasks took longer as his body could only cope with small bursts of exertion. He shivered as he huddled naked on the bare mattress, the cabin was water proof and warm enough during the day, but at night it turned cold, with no blankets or clothes (he didn’t consider the scraps of material in the chest, clothes or something that he would ever wear of his own volition.) the chill seeped into his bones and already he could feel the tightness in his chest that would lead to a cough and then pneumonia.
All the guests were present when the doors to the ballroom opened and the Avengers walked through led by the Captain, there was no sight of the Stark Omega with the group as they took their seats.
The training session had gone well, especially when War Machine had turned up unannounced.  Afterwards Steve and Rhodey had had a long talk, and Rhodey had agreed to become a full time Avenger as he has served his twenty years and was eligible to retire from the Air Force.
There was nothing she could do against such a threat, even though she was used by the board and as an enticement for business deals it was all kept private and Sex Doll took over the majority of the time.  Natasha only made her do it as herself as a punishment, but had been quite clear that her home life with Happy and her family were never to become public.  Until now she had been puzzled about her last comment as she never had anything to do with her parents or brother.
The loss of gym privileges hit the hardest, those minutes of freedom to run on the treadmill without any restraint, to be able to bend and stretch her body how she wanted had been the only thing that had saved her sanity and kept her from sinking fully into a omega feral state.  Now though she was caged and force fed constantly, the only time she could move was when she crawled to the breeding room and mounted the breeding bench.  To her mortification and horror she actually craved the attention of the hounds now, her holes wet, loose and eager to take their dicks.  She willingly opened her mouth to take their cum, without the nanotechnology of the suit keeping her lips stretched wide open.
Tony cried out as his body followed his Alpha’s order, his climax ripping through him as Steve’s fingers and cock thrust into his abused holes. Tears filled his eyes as his body betrayed him once again, the smell of piss and sex filling the room.  Shame filled his soul as cum poured out his asshole, making a puddle on the floor, yet his cock stayed hard, his pussy clenching with each rub of his Alpha’s thumb on his over sensitive clit.
Warm cloths cleansed his body, firm but gentle hands turning him to rest on his side a water bottle was held to his lips and he greedily drank down the cold liquid.  Small pieces of cheese and fruit appeared before his lips and he hummed with pleasure at the explosion of taste in his mouth, so long since he had tasted anything but his Alpha’s cum and the shakes Bruce had developed.  This treat alone confirmed that he had greatly pleased his Alpha and was being rewarded accordingly.
“Hello baby doll, don’t you just look the sweetest thing, ready and waiting to become our omega again.   We both thought it would be fitting to renew our bond in the very place that Howard first developed the formula to bind his omega son to us. Howard gifted us his greatest creation, so we are going to once again carry out his wish and this time the bond will be unbreakable.”
The All Father has given his permission for me to fight a long side you and more importantly is offering your omegas and their pups the protection of Asgard.”
I can see physically he is close to your ideal omega, but mentally he is still thinking of himself as an alpha, how are you going to break him?”
“Nope! No moving! No moaning! Naughty disobedient omega’s must remain still and silent until their Alphas say otherwise.
Best if all there was his omega tied up, ready and waiting to play with and no Steve in sight to hold him back.  Wiping his knife on his pant leg he stalked towards his new toy, time to teach his bitch a lesson in submission it was never going to forget. Pressing the disrupter in his pocket he gave himself 20 minutes of uninterrupted play without the nosy A.I interfering.
“There we go Armless, two thick rings in your balls, now hold still while I do your nipples.  There we go, now these chains from your nips will pull your balls up and out of the way whilst you exercise.
“Sir, your omega’s injuries have fully healed apart from his pussy, but that is now just tender. I took the liberty of introducing small round headed barbs to the phallus in his pussy, l am certain with time and enough stimulation that the nodes will form that your barbs can latch onto.
Winter ran his fingers over the exposed crystal beads, pushing the large beads between Tony’s pussy lips up in to the omega’s tight cunt, smirking as Tony whimpered as the beads in his anus were pulled tight against his stuffed hole.
Tony was shocked by how long Loki’s clit was now, it was at least 5 inches, the tip hard and thicker than the length.
I know you are going to be the best omega momma in the world, so let’s get you propped up and then you can meet Sarah Peggy …….. Stark Rogers.  Oh, and you need to think what you want her last middle name to be, so that Bruce can register the birth.”
He had cried a tears of anger also on seeing the reduced state of his aunt, her shorn head and gagged mouth held high by a thick leather collar, he could see her frantically swallowing the thick gunk being pumped into her mouth, tears streaming down her face.  He’d tried desperately not to stare her naked body and rapidly enlarging breasts, but each time he closed is eyes there would be a painful shock to his body,  Bruce had warned him that he was not to be allowed to sleep or close his eyes, that he had to watch his aunt’s transformation  as a punishment for his selfishness and un-omega behaviour.
He was so distracted by the beautiful sight of his omega being thoroughly fucked, the heady smell of blissed out omega making his cock stir as he ran in to the lounge., he didn’t notice Bruce coming up behind him and stabbing his neck with a sonic taser.  He dropped to the floor as his whole body seized, he lay tracking Bruce with his eyes, unable to move so much as a finger.
Whilst he could appreciate what a beautiful  femme omega Tony made, that was not what he personally wanted.
Our unwillingness to bond and drive for independence has meant a lowering of the birth rate amongst omegas and directly caused the decrease in omega 0ffspring being born as only omegas can bear omega babies.
Steve preferred Tony to be naked at all times when they were alone, but he work shop was the one exception clothes were needed for protection and safety.
The metal cock cage held cock and balls tightly, Steve had added a small weighted ball to the end making the already heavy cage pull down even more, punishment for Tony swearing as Steve used his knife to remove the small amount of hair that had grown through again around his cock.
Loki’s and Thor’s bastard pups will blood bond to the heirs and become their fiercest protectors, their loyalty will be absolute.”
“Master Bjorn, this is omega Peter, he wants to see his Aunt May, the Midgardian milker.  I have no use for him at this time, he has recently whelped and has rejected his pups, his breasts are milk laden so the best place for him to be is in the barn with his aunt, a stall directly opposite so he can see her and talk to her would be fitting, you have my permission to do any modifications you see fit, the royal nursery has expanded and I know they will possibly be looking for a young milker capable of producing a large quantity of high quality milk in the next few months.”
Bb was a drooling moaning mess when he got to the barn, he pulled off the hoses from her nipple cups, then took the leading reins and tied them round the base of her tits and then through her nose ring. He unbuckled her from the milking bench, making sure to hobble her ankles so she could only take small steps.
“Beautiful my omega, now you need do nothing but sit and allow yourself to be the centre piece to this gathering.”
Reaching forward he grabbed Tony’s waist pulling him back onto his lap, he hissed in pain when one Tony’s bound hands hit his nose and another blow landed on his cheek.  Quickly wrapping one arm round the smaller man’s waist to hold him securely against his chest he grabbed both wrists holding them tight.  Nurse Mayer who had been watching stepped forward, pulling a soft strap from her pocket she proceeded to bind both hands together.
“Is that so my little wife, well then you are going to pose for Playboy, in all your naked pregnant glory.  I know that you deleted the emails you received from them.
Bruce had spent the last two months going over all Howards notes, and files that had retrieved from the vault in the basement of Stark Mansion.  They made for fascinating reading with regards to Omegas and especially his tampering with Tony’s DNA especially his omega markers, to make him susceptible to only be able to make a complete bond with a certain Super Soldier and his best friend.
“Is true my fellow Avengers, I have decided that my consort will be of a race that is compatible with Asgardian biology, they must be pure blooded and worthy of my attention.  Such omegas are rare but I believe there is a suitable match to be found.
Bucky smirked as Stevie’s body went limp, poor little weak omega, never mind, he would soon train him to keep riding his cock and  milk his knot until his belly was swollen with his cum.  It was an omega’s place to work their alpha’s knot, to suck him clean ensure they didn’t let  a drop of cum escape.
When he protested he was reminded that as an omega he was under the governance of his Alpha and with the new laws just passed omega’s were to be protected and bonded immediately they were of age due to their diminished numbers.  Steve had told him not to stress, the laws were temporary and would be reviewed in 5 years and repealed once the omega birth rate had increased.  But for now he had to play his part and behave as was expected of him, as a high profile bonded omega.
Tony didn’t bother responding he was too busy eating the last of the chocolate chip pancakes Bruce had made him for his breakfast, reaching for the sauce he poured the last of it on his pancake,  looking, up at Clint he gave him a sad smile.
“There we go baby, you deserved a reward for being such a good boy for your Alpha, never be afraid to tell me anything no matter how embarrassing, it wasn’t your fault, you did your best to try and seek help to sort out your problem.  Now let’s get you dry and back in to bed, I am going to ensure that you never have to worry about this happening again.”
Tony was mortified that Steve had just casually announced to Happy that he had wet himself, it was humiliating enough that Steve knew just casually accepted it.
For one brief moment there was stunned silence as the waiting crowds and the worlds media caught their first sight of Tony Stark Bonded Omega submissively walking behind his Alpha, the sound of a camera flash exploding broke the spell and the media feeding frenzy began. Questions were shouted from all sides, the constant click of cameras and flashes of bulbs near blinding without his customary sunglasses.
“Ah, Prince Thor, do not worry yourself, it is true that Loki will transform back to his male self after the birth, but the rings will remain, but his clit may lose some size due to his male genitalia reforming.”
Tony mewled softly as Steve’s hand moved up to lightly lay against his breast, his fingers casually brushing against his nipple.
There was a water hose and a rough sponge, it took him over an hour to clean her up, he shoved the hose up her ass and watched her stomach swell, she must have been starved as hardly any shit came out.  The rough sponge made her cry and flinch as he scrubbed her body, by the end her skin was pink and raw but at least all the cuts and bruises were clean.
Pepper ground down on his fingers as the pressure on her clit mounted, she could feel her juices soaking his fingers as her orgasm simmered just out of reach.  Bracing herself with one hand on the desk she reached up to undo the buttons of her blouse exposing her white lacy bra. Steve’s face nuzzled her breast mouthing her nipple through the thin fabric, the small nub hardening under his questing tongue.
I am toying with the idea of writing alternative endings,  readers who want a happy ending will be satisfied and one for those who want a more realistic and dark ending.  What do you think?
Tony protested the thickly padded nappy and received another five swots on his naked backside. He fought the onesie with the mittens and outright threw his paci across the room, each time he earned another five swots until he settled down and allowed Steve to carry him into the lounge.
You have mouthed off and have been punished, but you have at no time have you used your one ‘Freedom Pass.”
“Take a good look at yourself sweetheart, you are now my perfect baby boy, the height reduction has been incredibly successful at 4ft 11 inches.  Your legs bow, giving you that swaying gait when you walk, and make room for your padded diapers, turning it to such a cute baby waddle.  But you will be crawling most of the time, only big boys get to walk.
The first vault proved his theory, but the second vault revealed all the designs that Tony had felt too dangerous or to advanced to develop further.  It also contained five chips for new A.Is.
He didn’t bother with all the cuffs, he wouldn’t be gone that long, and there was no where for Stark to go even if he did get out of the one wrist cuff.  He decided to wash up and get into his uniform, he missed the familiarity of it and the shield on his back.  Checking himself in the mirror he realized that he still had the distortion veil on and the charm.
“No Tony! I want you to just lay still for me, no trying to move unless I tell you too.  Once your cunt is full you are going to keep my cock nice and warm whilst I massage your tits, you are going to need large full udders in order to  provide enough milk for three hungry super soldier pups.”
Tony could feel the fire running through his veins, hotter and hotter as his body was consumed by lust and the desire to be fucked and bred, his hands scrabbled uselessly on the silk sheet as his body responded to each hard thrust.  Winter’s teeth ripping into his bonding glands caused him to how and writhe beneath the heavy weight of his Alpha, tears streamed down his face as the bond snapped into place, the scent of his mate overpowering his own.
Betty switched on the clippers and forced Darcy’s head forward as she began to run them through the soft fuzz, she could feel her cunt getting wet at Darcy’s bald pate.  She loved that her cousin was under her control, the fat cow didn’t even protest as she waxed, off the new growth of her eyebrows and then plucked a couple of stray eyelashes, the President must have put her through some intense training to have her so subservient to a non-alpha.
“Pepper for your dessert I want you to suck off Thor, Clint, Bruce and myself.  The you will eat out Natasha whilst coffee is served.  You have forty minutes, if you do not complete your full set of desserts then you will face what ever punishment Natasha metes out.”
Tony surged forward swallowing down his Alpha’s cock, sucking on the hard length desperate to get him off so he could drink his cum.  Bobbing up and down he relaxed his throat muscles to take more of his Alpha’s thick cock down in to his throat.  The thick scent of Steve’s arousal urges him on to suck harder his tongue massaging the thick veins, rolling Steve’s balls in his hand he gives them a hard squeeze as he pulls back, gently dragging his teeth along the hard length to just hold the head between his lips.
Thankfully she smelt the change in Natty’s pheromones within seconds and just in time for the second pup to slide out. Over the next hour she fucked and knotted the omega through the birth of the last two pups.  It was a race to get her knot out before the hounds were released, she was shaking with relief when she managed to escape the room just as the hounds were let in.
He fully expected the screaming and begging, it stirred the Hulk who only settled with the promise of being able to play with Milk cow May.
Dark chapter, lots of non con, Darcy has no say in what happens to her, she is completely at the mercy of her Alpha.
Slipping into the waiting limo she made sure to let the Captain catch a glimpse stocking clad thighs and lace covered crotch.
“Noooooo! That’s not right I am supposed to be an omega or an Alpha.  Fuck, you need to get your knot out, you are ripping me apart.  What the fucking hell made you knot me, you dickhead!  You must have smelled the change in my pheromones, there is no way that you didn’t pick up me designation.”
She sits toying with the nipple clamps until she hears Steve enter the cabin, just before he comes into view, she pulls the clamps off all at once, quickly hiding them in her pocket.
“Steve l hope that you know what you are doing, power of attorney is serious, you will be completely responsible for all aspects of Tony’s life, personal and professional.
Tony startled when Steve’s fingers started running over the rings round his cock and balls. He felt the heat emanating from the rings sink into his skin, his little cock standing rigid, his balls tight below. The burning sensation heightening as the rings began to glow.  He gasped and tried to reach down to pull them off, but Steve batted his hands away.
Pepper just wanted the day to end, her nerves were drawn tight and she shuddered to think what further initiation Rogers would put her through, the bastard just wanted to assert his dominance and make her feel insignificant and useless, typical Jock Alpha, she would have the last laugh though, SI would fall apart if she left and she already had her pet scientist working on a way to safely reboot Extremis, Rogers was going to burn in hell once she could access Extremis.
I urge all Omegas to embrace once again the traditional values of omeganess.   I have found fulfilment as a bonded omega with my Alpha,  he has given me purpose and shown me that I can have everything I need if I place myself willingly under his guidance. I was spiralling out of control, on a path of self -destruction and it is only thanks to my CEO Pepper Potts and Captain Rogers that I have been saved.”
“Captain Rogers, I am of the firm opinion that Anthony Stark Rogers should be placed under your Conservatorship for life, he would be a danger to himself if left to his own devices and has shown by his answers that he has no clear understanding of how to live independently.
“Peggy l still miss so much, l love Tony but he is just not you, no matter what l try. We have been bonded for two years and he has only given me one pup other than Sarah.  I named her Peggy after you, she is a tiny omega so will need a strong name, I am going to make sure that l chose a strong Alpha for her and raise her to be a proper omega.
He didn’t even mind when Bruce started to run his fingers through his hair, tugging on his curls as he untangled them.  The fingers stroking his omega neck nerves relaxed him until he was slumped between Bruce’s thighs his face nuzzling his clothed cock.
“Bitch, not one more sound or I will have your vocal cords frozen, this is just the start of your punishment, how dare you show me up in public by disobeying my direct order not to engage in conversation without my express permission.
“Does my omega think he has been a good little bitch tonight, do you believe that you have done everything that I expected of you tonight, shown the world what a perfect submissive little omega bitch you are?
“Never thought I would see the day Stark was bought to his knees or that you would allow an Alpha you did not know claim Stark and Stark Industries without putting up a fight or wanting extensive background checks done on the Captain.”
The phone cut off, he smiled not worried, Natasha could look after herself, soon he would have his Tony soon and they would go back to their own world, taking Stark with them and he would have two mates.
Today, he wasn’t allowed any clothes and had to spend all day hanging from Steve’s knot unless he was being spanked, which would happen numerous times during the day or performing an act of contrition that any of the Avengers could set, since he had cause so much trouble and worry for all of them.
Now it is time for you to be cleaned and fed, Natasha will carry out your treatments whilst I prepare omega Peter for his introduction to his new Alpha.”
“Baby boy you know that big or little you have to behave and follow the rules, daddy cannot let you get away being naughty, you will have to be brave and accept your punishment, afterwards once you have apologised it will be all over and done with. Now let’s get you cleaned up ready for your appointment with your new doctors.”
Winter carried their unconscious omega back to the master bedroom, settling him in the centre of the bed, propped up by a mound of pillows, both Alphas were rock hard from the branding session. Winter expertly fitted the feeding gag, ensuring the tube was correctly place down Tony’s throat, whilst Steve tied silken cords around wrists and ankles, securing him to the bed.
The ultrasound showed clearly the four hybrid pups growing in Natty’s womb, confirming that her rounded stomach was not just because of the loads of cum that the hounds pumped into her every day.
Hawkeye was firing at the Portal, stopping anyone from coming through, although if  Dr Strange’s research was right the stability of the Portal would be severely compromised by too many bodies passing through and could collapse.
Darkness shadows both Alphas faces, they want more, they need the tiny omega’s total submission, his complete capitulation to the will of his Alphas.
Hulk adjusted the stocks so the whole frame tipped forward 10 degrees, so Daisy Cow’s udders angled down towards the milk pail placed under the frame, sitting on the wooden milking stool he rubbed his fingers over the trapped teats.
“Bruce, the Healers have agreed that you can work with them, they will aid you in finding a solution to my problem. I will return once things have been settled on earth.  You will then have to decide whether you want to remain on Asgard or return to Midgard, Hulk has already decided to come back to Asgard if he survives.
“Fucking hell, you bastard! Let me go you, it’s not enough that you have kidnapped and manipulated me into mating you, now you have to proof your alpha ness by raping me in public.
“Baby, I am going to do everything in my power ensure you come to see that being an omega just enhances the incredible and wonderful person that you already are, that your work and being Iron Man is just a small part of what makes you Tony Stark.
“Good May, you have put on 12lbs, still need another 8lbs weight gain before we can safely inseminate you with the embryos. Carrying four pups with not enough body fat is detrimental to the health of yourself and the pups at your age.  You will need the fat reserves as the pups will be taking nearly all the nutritious elements of the food you are ingesting.  Also, your milk production cannot be allowed to suffer, you have hungry pups to feed and Tony’s milk reserves will only feed the new pups for six weeks.
Bruce had wondered whether Steve, would be able to handle his unique cum, he had of course known Tony could, due to the enhancements he had made to the omega on his world. He could see that Steve was still hard, it was a bit much to expect him to come untouched just yet but with a bit of training he would get him there.
“AAAhhhh Fucking hell! Get these things off me now!  Steve so help me god I am going to punch your perfect teeth out if you don’t fucking well undo these straps.  Once we are home you are relegated to the couch for the next six months, Christ I am going to lock myself in the workshop and drink a whole bottle of Whiskey just as a fuck you, you bastard!”
Agent Jameson removed Sam’s cuffs, allowing him to straighten out his clothing.  Once he was sure the stupid omega bitch has gone, he grabbed Sam in a tight hug before quickly releasing him.
Tony began to panic his thoughts whirling round and round in his head, he could not think he knew that there was something he had to say a correct way of asking but it eluded him.
Odin watched as Loki was led into the throne room by Thor the gold chain attached to his nose ring glistening under the lights, a sheer red sash clinging to his hips, hiding his sex.  The babe was in a sling of the same sheer fabric, Odin could clearly see that he was suckling on a fat nipple.
“Shhh, little omega bitch, I am going fuck your mouth and the if you have performed to my satisfaction then Professor Hulk is going to wreck your omega cunt, just the way you have always wanted. Now nod your head if you want to be my bitch and let the Hulk and I claim you, after all we are a package deal and you can’t have one without the other.”
Well, now you will face the consequences, I will no longer be lenient, each rebellious act of disobedience will be punished immediately, and to the fullest extent.
The tug on his cock as the beads swung was arousing, the ache a warm burn.  He could feel slick start to leak from his twitching hole as the weight of the beads pulled his cock down between his legs. As the minutes ticked the by deadweight of the now still beads stretching his ringed cock had him whining as the pain ramped up, he desperately wanted to jerk his hips to start the beads swinging again to get some relieve from the constant painful stretching of his cock.
Strapping him to the spanking bench, she proceeded to paddle his ass until it was cherry red, and he was screaming and begging for her to forgive him.  Paying no heed, she moved on to the flogger, starting on his shoulder and moving down his back to his ass and thighs, only stopping when his sobbing ceased and Happy nodded to her from his kneeling position in front Peter’s head.
Tony cradled his daughter amazed that after a few seconds of rooting around his nipple she latched on and started to suckle, he could feel her pulling the milk from his breast through his nipple.  She was beautiful and he felt an overwhelming surge of love for this small being he had created.  The birth of his second daughter followed quickly and relatively painlessly, she was eager to follow her twin out into the world and like her sister cried in her father’s arms until she latched on to her mother’s breast.
Thor massaged his cum into Loki’s cunt and clit, tugging on the piercing, watching the nub stretch, already he could see that the fleshy lump was fatter, the weight of the ring pulling it down.
Alpha Rogers has requested that her image and dress be updated for her new position and that her clothing for the Avengers Pack be more in keeping with her status within the pack.”
Steve tugged on Tony’s bound tit to get him looking up at him, his stern face showing that he expected an answer quickly.
“Good bitch, now l think you have one more orgasm in you and l want to hear you scream your thanks for being blessed with so many orgasms from your Alpha.”
Long dark curls tumbled down his back, the red dress with tiny white stars, clung to his body emphasising full breasts and a tiny waist, the skirt flared out just below the omega’s hips ending mid thigh, Tony’s legs were encased in sheer striped silk stockings, blue stilettos finishing his outfit.  He had to laugh at Bruce’s theme, his wayward omega gift wrapped in his colours.
It is the difference in his mate’s eyes that is the most noticeable, his irises are ringed with gold, and his pupils flexed with the same, he knows that whenever he knots him from now on his black pupils will turn gold.
Three hours later and he was screaming, screaming at anyone who came even remotely near him, at every contraction that ripped through his body, at his stupid fucking Alpha who had left it to late to stretch his cunt further with the dildo since the suddenly squeamish bastard had refused to fuck him, and who suggested he not keep swearing and throwing things, that it was unbecoming of him to make so much noise.
After Bruce weighed May he led her back to the examination table and strapped her back down, placing her feet in the stirrups, he separated the lower half of the bed until her legs were spread wide and he could sit between them.
“So good Bucky, not going to come just get me good and ready to feed my omega, just wait until you bond with him and he feeds off your cum as well.”
Steve could scent the jealousy and envy rolling off the other Alphas, Tony’s pheromones teasing and beguiling them.  Spinning Tony so was facing the crowd, he stroked his fingers over the omega’s hidden cock until the skin retracted and his tiny perfect cock was fully on display.
Tony had forgotten how stubborn Steve could be and that once he had an question in his head, he never let it go of it, until he had the answer he wanted.
Tony turned his head to the side and looked up with tear filled eyes, the angry frown covering Steve’s face and the painful pressure on his cock kicked his brain into gear, he did not want to be punished again he just needed to remember what his Alpha, yes! That was it! His Alpha!
When the edition of Vanity Fair hit the stands with the photo shoot of Tony stark Rogers, it sold out immediately and the publishers did the unthinkable and ordered a second printing as the outcry for the magazine was so loud.
“Marco, Happy requested a mixture of ice and silver blond hair color, a short and easy style, he doesn’t want her spending an hour fussing with it every morning, he would rather be fucking her or making her suck his cock whilst he eats breakfast.
Darcy help Lady Sophie get undressed, throw away her clothes and shoes, she won’t be needing them anymore.”
Natasha could feel herself getting wet, as she watched the other Widow’s long cock slide into Pepper’s mouth drowning out her screams, as the Captain continued to fist her and then plunge three fingers of his other hand into her pussy.  She could see that although he was pretending not to notice his hard on, that Steve was not immune to what he was seeing, she wondered how he would react when he saw Tony being fucked.
Steve lay on the bed curled round Tony, one hand rubbing his swollen stomach, he could feel his cock through the soft mound, each small thrust distending his boy’s stomach.
Tomorrow l will call an emergency board meeting, Jarvis has informed me that l know own 75% of SI stock so can remove the board and l will be buying up their stock before allowing them to retire gracefully.  Any dissenters will be dealt with discretely by Natasha.
He moaned as he felt fingers probing his pussy, the digits stroking his inner walls, massaging his g spot.   Intent to just lay and accept the slow and easy build of his orgasm he spread his thighs as he lazily rolled his hips to encourage the fingers to push deeper into his pussy.
Tony moaned loudly as Loki’s icy fingers fucked up in to his dripping hole, rubbing against his overly sensitive prostate, massaging the soft nub relentlessly paying no heed to his pleas for him to stop.  His other hand tugged on his nipples, spraying milk over his breasts and stomach, Loki’s cold tongue occasionally lapped up the stream of milk flowing between his breasts to pool on the arc reactor.
The air in the penthouse was thick with Alpha pheromones, Tony’s holes were gushing sweet smelling slick to add to the mix. His erect nipples rock hard and aching under the lustful gaze of all the Alphas.
Bruce wheeled the ultrasound equipment Omer and placed the monitor facing the bed, it was going to be easier just to show Tony and he wanted to see both their reactions.
“Asgard’s thrall brand, will stay on your skin forever.  You run and we will find you, Bucky will be your owner and alpha for the rest of your life, you are bound by fate to find each other in every life time for eternity, Alpha and Omega, your punishment is that Bucky will always have his memories of past lives and will search for you and always find you.  You will never know of your fate until you meet, whatever life you have built will be brutally ripped from you and discarded, once Asgard’s mark appears on your body you will be claimed and owned soon afterwards.”
Tony was loath to let go of his sleeping girls but the pain was building again and the thought of it was making him restless and weepy he had a feeling this baby was not going to be arriving quickly.
Just as he was attempting to pull up the yoga pants the cubicle door swung open with a bang, not bothering to look up he asked daddy to help him only it wasn’t daddy’s voice that answered.
Lydia watched as Tony fell to the floor, sobbing and calling for Steve.  She allowed him a few minutes to wear himself out, taking more of the small damp patch on the front of his tracksuit bottoms.
“Ingenious isn’t it Tony, you are trapped on this stool until you have reached your required hours of work.  There is no need for someone to physically guard you, although JARVIS will monitor your vitals and of course l will have access to the cameras wherever l am.
Finally cleaned and dry he slowly made his way back into the main office where Bruce was talking to Steve, who pointed at the space under his desk.  Falling to knees he crawled under, not surprised that his Alpha’s half hard member was laying against his thigh.  He opened his mouth and carefully took in the length, making sure not to lick or suck.  Once the heavy cock was resting against his tongue, he closed his eyes and allowed himself to drift off into a half sleep.
Now play with your tiny cock, make it plump up, there we go, now see that band, take it and wrap it round the base of your cock and then twist it and put the other half round your little nut sac.
Loki wanted to hate Tony, but it was difficult, Tony was always sweet to him and never questioned why he was always tired or belittled him for the way he was treated at Court.  He would let him sleep in the nursery and adored Brandt, treating him like his own.  Best of all though he would cuddle Loki and talk nonsense to the pup in his belly, he didn’t care that Loki was cold and made him shiver, he just wrapped himself in a blanket and carried on hugging him.
Make sure the other bitch is presentable in case they want to use her, hose out her holes she has already been bred twice today so her cunt will be loose and sloppy with cum.”
The Foster omega is on the fast track for becoming a milk cow, her nipples have already been cloned and will be ready to be grafted on in two weeks.  Her fertility levels are low, but if she should catch with hormone treatment, her genes won’t go to waste.
Black beaded flapper dress, matching silk stockings and satin heels.  Bucky had hot ironed his hair in waves and place a red silk headband with a black feather on it round his head. A matching red feather boa hung from his arms, a fake pearl choker and long strands of pearls completed his outfit. He didn’t even want to think of the makeup, or the silk French knicker hidden under his dress, Bucky had insisted he wear them to complete the outfit, saying it was all the small details that would win them the prize.
“Does my best girl what my big fat knot in her back pussy? Come on doll, if you want my knot you need to beg for it, tell me what my best girl wants.”
Steve felt his knot swell and lock in place cum flooding once again up into his omega’s breeding hole, the ring of flesh clamping around his cock head milking every drop and sealing it within.  Tony’s cock pulsed again and squirted another small load of cum.
Will Tony and Steve escape, and what is going to happen when the baby decides to make an early appearance.
“Fuck! Fuck! The can’t do that Steve, what the hell!  This is ridiculous I am not going to stand for it, Pepper needs to sort this out, get the lawyers on to it, those sharks will eat those stupid judges for breakfast.  Where’s my phone Steve? I need to call Pepper straight away, can’t believe those stupid old coots think they can mess with me.”
The difficult part would be to convince Captain Rogers that the Winter Soldier could be a part of their bond and that his best friend and mate Bucky Barnes was beyond help and needed to be permanently supressed.  JARVIS made the decision to enact his plan and seek out the Captain’s acceptance after the event or if possible at a time when the Alpha’s senses where at their most heightened and the imperative to protect and defend their omega overrode any other thought.
“You are my omega and as such you will do as I say, you will eat now and you will finish it all. You have already earned a punishment for your bad behaviour do not add to it by disobeying me further you will not like the consequences, do you understand?”
Steve looked at the excitement and hope on Bruce’s face, it would good to have another doctor taking care of his omega who was part of the pack and not an outsider like the Omega Obstetrician.  He would watch and see how Bruce interacted with his omega and come to a decision as to whether he would be a suitable candidate for a secondary alpha.
Withdrawing his cock he slapped it against Tony’s cheeks waiting for his answer, pre-cum and saliva coating his omega’s tear stained face.
Covering the omega’s body he gently rocked against the bare mons until he sprayed his seed again, the top of his cock catching on Tony’s rim and slipping an inch inside to paint his inner walls with the rest of his cum.
Tony drifts safe in his Alpha’s embrace, he is aware of Steve touching and marking him, but is too blissed out to worry about how he will look afterwards.  His hole is still gripping tightly onto his Alpha’s knot, determined to milk it of every drop of cum.
Yes, I have initiated a full Traditional Alpha Bond with my Omega.  As to my omega’s health and the issues of breeding, the serum in my blood and cum has had a beneficial effect on his health and there will be an announcement later this evening on the matter.
Studying the formula he realised that there was the potential to combine it with the extremis antidote to combat the aggressiveness it produced, the high levels of omega neurotransmitters serotonin, dopamine and norepinephrine would  lower the dominance and aggressive tendencies of an infected Alpha.  Extremis needed high levels of Alpha neurotransmitters to emerge and react.
The next couple of hours passed with only the noise of tools or lab equipment.  Sira adapted the milking machine to fit Loki’s new body shape and added a few mechanical elements taken from her Jotun Spirit Chair, her eyes flashed gold as she thought of all the new ways to torment Loki, under the guise of training.
The Avengers finally get to see Tony, each of them think about how they are going to help him heal and become a member of their Pack.
“Don’t worry Doll, Stevie would be very unhappy with me if I cut up his little broodmare, he wants you healthy so he can keep fucking you full of pups.  Stevie likes to play hard but unlike me he has limits.  He wants you to be his idea of the perfect omega but unlike me he knows when to stop, he still sees you as human, but I know that omegas are just animals to be fed, fucked and bred.  Worthless pathetic bitches that need to be shown their place.”
Fury unaware of the two pairs of watching his every moved had no time to escape the glittering dust that fell on his head and face, dusting the shoulders of his leather coat. He started to cough and sneeze as he inhaled the glimmering substance, he reached for his gun intending to deal with assassins before he succumbed to whatever deadly pathogen he had ingested.  He could not believe that the security of his Heli-Carrier had been breached so thoroughly. Stark was going to be pissed as hell as he prided himself in stating that is security systems were the best in the world.
“Master Sira how long will it take for this to happen, is there any way to shorten the length of time it will take, she is due to give birth in two moons and will transform back to her male Asir form until impregnated again.”
“You look like an exotic alien Darcy, totally nude and hairless from head to toe, I have wanted to do that since Dad sheared my sister, I think we will keep you like this for a while, it will be fun to see if you set a new trend as you did with your short hair and exposed breasts.
If you let go or spill any of my special cream we will just have to start the timer again.  Is that clear baby boy?”
“I have secretly taken deportment and etiquette classes.  I have been studying the elite of Society and the all important political figures, I can stand in for Darcy at events and functions, since l bet she is a fat cow now, and she looks freaky with no hair.
The weight issue can be addressed through high calorie food supplement shakes and milk formula. A feeding schedule has been developed by the dietician that must be adhered to, this will also aid in the introduction of bottle feeding.  The restraint mittens will stay on so that he will also have to bee spoon fed, as a reward for good behaviour he could be allowed to hold the bottle with the mittens or and even a sippy cup as a special treat on occasion if you are so inclined.
After snapping the diaper closed he dressed Tony in a soft cotton t-shirt with a picture of a blue teddy on the front and long scuba blue underwoolies, a clean pair of fluffy white socks complemented the soft cloth mittens, these ones had thumb holes and less padding. His baby boy would be able to clutch hold of certain items but would still have significant loss of dexterity making him reliant on others to preform most tasks.
Steve bites down hard on his omega’s mating mark drawing blood to emphasise his words, he feels Tony’s body go limp under him surrendering to his Alpha’s domination.  He continues to nip and bite at the mark sucking on the blood until he is satisfied he has his omega has full submitted.  Once his knot slips free he stands up pulling Tony as well, supporting the unsteady omega as he finds his centre of balance.  He is a sight to behold and Steve feels his cock stir once again.
Steve is an absolute dickhead in this chapter, his speech near the end is so ridiculous.  Tony bless him knows it but is not going to be able to do much about it yet if ever.
“Such a beautiful boy, just made to be fucked and bred, going to keep your belly full, you will produce pretty little pups that will hang off your tits as your belly swells with a new litter.”
He had investigated the so called “accident” over the intervening years and eventually found the video hidden deep in Fury’s private files within Shield’s servers. It had taken him years to gather information on the mysterious assassin The Winter Soldier/Asset, his rage and desire for revenge burned out as he pieced together how Hydra had tortured him with the chair, wiped his mind in order to control him.
“Mmm that’s it my little omega whore, you want me to cum? Want to fill your dirty little mouth with my cum? Tell me you want it, come on you know that you love being my cum dump that’s all you omega’s are good for breeding and filling with cum!”
Steve growled under his breath wanting nothing more to go back in and discipline his omega and remind him of his new place in life but he had a meeting to finish and a certain CEO to visit.
Carrying Tony into his bedroom he stood him before the full-length mirror and pulled the towel off his body.  Standing behind him he placed his hands on the smaller man’s shoulders, whilst telling him to look at his reflection in the mirror.
Steve gripped their omega tight as he tried to fight against the limbs holding him away from Loki’s milk.  Deciding a distraction was needed he pulled out his cock and impaled Tony on it, grabbing his waist he moved the mewling omega up and down, his soaked cunt easily accommodating his length.  His knot began to swell as he thrust deeper and deeper, his omega’s pussy lip stretched obscenely wide as he forced his fully formed knot in, uncaring that Tony was now screaming and begging for him to stop.
The President grinned, looked like the bitch was going to be sheared, it never failed to make him hard, women with long hair seemed inordinately attached to this sign of their femininity, just like men who grew thick long beards trying to advertise their masculinity.
Steve was intrigued, he had read up on penial docking and the length recovery time so anything that could reduce this he was all in favour of, the self – lubricating asshole request had been meant as a bit of a joke based on Tony’s weird love of reading A/B/O fanfiction as a way of de-stressing, now he was highly excited at the thought of it being a reality.
Pepper had always known that David had a cruel streak but the hours of torture he put her breasts and nipples through, terrified her and when her father joined in as her mother sat and watched she truly feared she wouldn’t make it until Happy arrived.
“Dum-E bring me some fruit and two more bottles of shake, then set the next meal supplement in the microwave please, oh and try not to drop the bottles or the bowl when you bring them over to me.”
Karl flicked his whip at the stud’s balls the moment he realised the bastard was biting her tit and not latching onto her nipple.
Tony was shocked in to silence by his daddy’s use of his full name, Steve/Daddy only ever used it when he was really upset with him.  Looking at his daddy’s annoyed scowl he knew that he would follow through on the extra punishment.  He had vague memories of another time when was big and had pushed his husband too far and been spanked with a wooden paddle, he hadn’t been able to sit down for days, there was no way he wanted to endure that discomfort again.
Over the following few years, he worked hard to turn Stark Industries in to one of the leading global technology companies, turning away from weapons after Afghanistan, although he didn’t abandon the military completely, designing defensive armour for soldiers and vehicles. He rebuilt the Iron man armour for Rhodey to use, Pepper took over as CEO so that he could concentrate on R&D.
She could feel the heat as her legs were spread and the laser started to pass over her pubic mound, to her labia and back to her taint. Hands moved her limbs whilst another laser denuded her body.
Pinning the omega’s arms, he pinched his nipples, digging his nails into the tender flesh before he slammed him against the massive floor-length window, grabbing his hair to jerk his head back so as not to hit his face.
Sorry for any errors, having to use my old laptop as new one has died on me so spell check and grammar not really working.
Tony is slipping in to his little headspace with greater ease when Steve is making use of the triggering words.
Tears ran down his face as his body submitted fully to his Alpha, Steve brutal handling had him crying and begging, and finally when he felt the touch of his Alpha’s hand on his cock his humiliation was complete, his cock’s few drops of cum was followed by a stream of piss, soaking the mattress beneath him.
Winter took note of Tony’s flushed face and the guilty look when he mentioned lacy panties, hmm it seemed their omega was keeping secrets which was not allowed.  He and Rogers would need to get the truth out of their naughty omega and then find a suitable punishment for him.
Now why don’t you go put the kettle on and make everyone a nice cup of tea whilst I give you omega a quick exam and get the poor thing comfortable.”
Widow didn’t bother waiting for Thor, she just stuck her cock in the stupid cow’s mouth, Pepper was going to need a few more lessons before she finally learnt her place.
Tony worked his way through the list of repairs for the Avengers, it hurt to lock away the updated widow bites in the vault, he hoped that Nat was still alive and that she had managed to evade capture.
“Steve, please don’t do this, I am so sorry and promise to never disobey you again, I don’t want to be smaller, it’s horrible enough as it is, people are going to make fun of me and laugh at me.  Please Sir, I will do any thing you want, I will be a good boy, I promise.”
Tony felt his face heat at his tormentor’s spiteful words, but they did not stop him from pushing his hips back to meet each thrust, his greedy hole wanting to be filled.
Steve undressed his omega, leaving him in just his drawers, noting that they were on the last pearl button.  He was glad that he had thought to bring a pair of the new ones that he recently had made for Tony.
Eyes lowered he watches heavy thick soled boots step closer, circling round his frozen form, eyes raking over him, a predator sizing up his prey waiting for the right moment to leap in for the kill.
Happy watched as Peter crawled between his spread thighs, mouth held open by the spider-ring gag.  Without pausing he lowered his mouth onto his cock taking it down to the root, holding still waiting for Pepper to give him his next order.
Judge Edwards and his assigned court clerk/recorder were escorted to her office within minutes and once settled in the comfortable chairs facing her she drew a breath and began to speak.
You will see a marked difference in the next twenty-four hours, with the correct balance of hormone production Tony will adjust with greater ease and his stress levels will lower as his body becomes increasingly susceptible to your Alpha pheromones.
“Why Steve?  How do you even know about this ancient rule?  I thought that you were satisfied with having the omega and all Tony’s personal wealth.”
Steve hauled Tony to his feet and threw him face down onto the table legs dangling of the end, yanking down his omega’s trousers he proceeded to tan Tony’s arse each smack harder than the last and never in the same place.  When his omega’s arse and thighs were cherry red he took up the leash and bought the strap of leather down in a rapid series of criss cross strips over the fleshy red globes.
As he pulled out his omega’s anal plug, he pushed him towards the mirror, giving him the space to sheath his cock within his cum filled hole.
Steve ignored his omega’s response, pressing the sides of the bottle to squirt the shake in to Tony’s mouth until he had no choice but to swallow or choke on the thick liquid, he continued until the bottle was finished and then picked up another one.
“Welcome Ms Potts, l have been discussing my ideas for your new style with Ms Natasha who has also advised me of Alpha Rogers preferences, which must of course be taken into consideration.  I am excited for this colour and cut, it is going to be stunning, a trendsetter
Now let me fill you in on the details of the physical examination and what we have discovered.  Firstly, he is a younger I would say about twenty, he is smaller in height 5ft 2inches and does not have the arc reactor imbedded in his chest, there is scaring which would be lead me to assume that it has been removed recently as the scaring is soft and pink. His DNA and fingerprints are a complete match.
“Hmmm, black skinny jeans, pink silk shirt and these Louboutin patent leather lace ups.  We will take the Spikaqueen’s for this evening, to wear with the red Valentino chiffon dress that will be delivered later today.
He was going to have to access the vault at the mansion and study his father’s files to see if there was any of the research notes hidden amongst the hundreds of project files stored in the vault.  He was going to have to let Brue know as well as get Steve’s permission to leave the tower, which was going to be practically impossible but hopefully his Alpha would want answers as much as Tony.
Natasha glared at Fury, eyes glinting in anger, Fury nodded his head.  Natasha’s wished she could bring Howard back from the dead, just so she could kill him again, very slowly and with a lot of pain.  Even the Red Room had never denied someone their orientation, they had just exploited and used it to their advantage. Alphas, Betas and even Omegas had all been trained to be assassins and Black Widows.
They had dabbled in age play as a way to relieve his stress but Tony had been resistant, unable to get completely into his little headspace. Unwilling to allow it to become a regular part of their life not comfortable with giving up total control, he was happy to be the submissive partner in the privacy of their bedroom but was aggressively alpha in his behaviour in his everyday life.  His poor baby was torn inside out by the struggle to maintain his public mask, it was no wonder he had turned to alcohol and prescription drugs to help him function in a world that on one hand wanted him to produce all the tech and robotics everyone wanted but at the same time watched and waited for him to finally break under the constant strain of being Tony Stark billionaire, inventor, philanthropist, owner of Stark Industries and director of R&D.
Steve carded his fingers through Tony’s curls, watching the slide of Winter’s cock between their omega’s swollen lips, he could see that Tony was overcome by Winter’s announcement of the pups’ orientations, the news would be revealed to the public in a few days, yet another triumph for the advancement of Omega Registration and breeding.
Steve fitted the ring to his septum, the nanites would hold it in place so there was no need for a full piercing.  This ring was considerably smaller than the last one, sitting above his lip and not as weighty. His panic at being seen by everyone with such an overt display of his status clashed with the throbbing of his clit and there was no mistaking the sweet honey smell of his pheromones as he followed his Alphas through the tower to the quin jet’s landing pad, preening at all attention his outfit caused.  Settling on his cushion on the floor of the limo he smiled to himself, satisfied at all the lustful looks he received.
Steve couldn’t believe how disrespectful this Stark was being, he would have to be punished for such mocking, disrespectful behaviour.  With on hard thrust he pierced the first layer of the omega’s hymen, hitting the small raised nub of flesh hidden behind it, before pulling the wand completely out, throwing it on to the floor.
So, my question to the Avengers Pack, is do you care enough about Tony to welcome him in to your Pack and do all of you have the time, patience and love to invest in healing him and getting him to accept and embrace being an Omega?”
Tony woke up warm and comfortable, he could feel the softness of his favorite blanket against his face and hands. His head felt a bit fuzzy, but the stress and anger he had been feeling since the previous night had receded, and even though he was still unhappy with Steve and the whole adult baby thing it didn’t seem such a big deal, compared to how much he loved Steve and wanted him to be happy.  Snuggling into his blanket he sucked on his paci as he waited for Steve to come get him, he wanted out of his wet diaper and then he wanted lunch.
Captain Rogers, a pleasure to meet you again, I shouldn’t need more than an hour to make my decision, Dr Gottlieb’s medical reports on Tony’s physical and mental state have been very precise and informative, but as you know I have to have a final interview with the conservatee before I confirm Life Long Conservatorship.”
Now strip and present, you will count off 30, and thank me after each one.  We will start from the beginning each time you forget to count or say thank you.”
I would like to start him on a course of injections that will stimulate the growth of good fatty tissue, this along with the feeding programme Dr Banner has designed should see him he attain a healthy weight rapidly, then any gain after that will be a bonus.  These serum enhanced pups are going to need a lot of nutrients to allow then to develop and grow at the accelerated rate I believe is happening.
Steve gently kissed Tony and their new baby girl, before opening the door to go fetch the boys from the waiting room.  It didn’t surprise him at all when he could all four of his sons sitting on the floor opposite while Happy and Pepper stood guarding the door.
Dr Frode took his time with the stud, deep in rut sleep there was little chance of him waking in the next two days.
Down in his workshop he greeted the bots before having Jarvis crank up his music, climbing up onto his stool, legs dangling, feet nowhere near the ground he soon he lost himself in the new coding needed for the upgrade.   Jarvis would shut off all the systems when it was time for him to get ready for his Alphas.
“Too late little omega, you better own up straight away, or you will not be able to sit down for a week!”
You will have in unrestricted view, but there will also been screens on every wall and table for your to view.
I will finalise the details with you after speaking with Miss Potts and the Stark Industry lawyers, until then his sperm will be frozen.
His wife was doing her duty as well, sucking the older men’s cocks, coaxing the to hardness ready for their second turn, even with the little blue pill some of them where having problems getting it up again, ready to plunder his daughter’s cock sucking mouth.
Pepper approached Steve’s suite, she didn’t know what to expect, Natasha had just sent her straight to Steve after work, not even giving her time to change out of her suit.  She knocked on his door and waited for permission to enter.
Loki withdrew his fingers, sliding his cock in to the drenched hole, thrusting slowly he continued to torment and tease the other omega, never quite hitting hits prostate often enough to help him towards that just out of reach orgasm.  The omega’s cock remained soft as he ran his fingers along its small length, his clit though was swollen, the engorged nub peeping out between plump cunt lips.
“Beautiful isn’t she, my perfect omega bitch, there is no need to be shocked by her lack of clothing or undergarments, historically omegas remained naked with only a collar and jewellery adorning their bodies.  One of the Stark Amendments is that ‘Bonded Omegas must be shown in their natural state, decorated only in the jewels of their Alpha to show their subservience and ownership. Omega clothing if allowed by an Alpha must be such that it clearly shows the wearer’s orientation and exposes their omega bonding marks and brands of ownership.’
Winter don’t hold back, use the wooden paddle with studs, Bruce has deemed it within Tony’s limits at this stage of the pregnancy, especially with the serum increasing his pain tolerance and healing factor.”
Omega children will be taken into care if the authorities deem it necessary or the family can give the child up if they cannot afford to support them.”
He had left as quickly as he had arrived without a backward glance at his hysterical daughter.  This one he could not help but fuck straight away after he had stripped and collared her. Cuffed to the cell’s wall he had rammed she thick cock into her virgin cunt with no prep, her screams reverberating round the cell block.  Her tight cunt had milked every drop of cum from his knot, setting off her heat, which had given him a pleasurable three days of knotting her greedy cunt and asshole. She had been distraught when he had informed her that he had impregnated her, but had no intentions of mating her, so much so that he kept her cuffed to her cot day and night, with a feeding tube and catheter in place.  He had turned her every 24 hours and allowed her to use the bathroom to shit.  He had Jarvis do full body scans on her every week to ensure she was putting on weight and the four pups were growing at the correct rate.
Steve, Bucky noticed was looking very thoughtful, Bucky decided to stay silent and let him process all the different comments made by the Avengers.  He was happy that all of them had been pro Bucky bonding with the little bitch.  The appointment with the obstetrician would be the final push to make Steve decide in favour of cementing their triad bond straight away.
“Omegas now have a duty to bond and birth pups, to make up for a generation of imbalance in the birth rate caused by their selfish and unfounded need for independence.”
Both Alphas took delight in fucking and knotting him whenever and wherever they wanted. He cried tears of fear and humiliation when they publicly fucked and punished him openly for the first time.  The video of him being fucked across the restaurant table by both his alphas then having his ass and thighs paddled repeatedly until he was a sobbing, begging mess of apologies, broke the internet.
Tony couldn’t help but giggle at the strange look on Steve’s face, no his soon to be Alpha’s face, and that just made him giggle even more.  Drunk on pheromones that’s what this was, if it felt this good then what would it be like with Steve’s cock filling him.
Feels good, doesn’t it, don’t be afraid to let me here you. There we go, all the way in, now just crook your finger tips and massage your cunt until you find your clit.”
Bruce withdrew his cock once his knot had deflated, keeping a tight grip on her hair he forced her to look up at him as he waited for her answer.  Her pupils were blown, cheeks flushed red as she sucked in deep gulps of air, cum dribbling from her mouth. The air was thick with the sweet scent of omega milk and juices, the vibrating eggs and plug edging her to yet another orgasm.
Darcy trembled as she crawled under the table and knelt between the President’s spread thighs, his hard cock was already out waiting for her to take it into her mouth. Opening her mouth, she swallowed down his thick length, letting it rest against the back of her throat, ensuring to breath through her nose to stave off the panic she still felt when he made her warm his cock for long periods of time.
Tony blushed a furious shade of red as Stella, as she had told him to call her, proceeded to strip back the covers, exposing his naked body for anyone to see if they walked in and proceeded to run a warm cloth over his body.
Steve lay there stunned, thinking back over the past months, looking at his behaviour and reactions to his Watcher.  Somewhere along the way he had stopped playing the part and had gotten used to being pampered and treated as special.  He thought he had had the upper hand, that his Watcher was the one being sucked in to believing that this was all real.
“I am so lucky to be mated to such a wonderful and caring Alpha, who has shown me the true beauty in submitting and how as a bonded omega I am now fulfilling my proper role in our society.
“I already to you to be тихо, stupid cunt!  Guess I am going to have to shut you up, fill that cock sucking hole so I don’t have to listen to your pathetic cries.”
Tony was confused, there were vague memories of his detox treatment and the horrendous therapy sessions, but he could not remember agreeing to the kind of relationship Steve had outlined. He also could not remember insisting on the experimental treatment to increase his height, which had gone so drastically wrong.  He said as much to Steve, worried and confused about the gaps in his memory and his inability to do many of the most basic daily tasks.
Tony stared at his reflection, he tried not to look in mirrors often as he still felt a disconnect between his new appearance and that of his former.  Whilst he had hated his huge breasts and full figure, he had still looked similar facially and height wise to his pre bonded appearance.  Now he struggled to see anything of Tony Stark/Iron Man, independent and unrepentant Omega.
It creeped her out the David way followed her every move, he wouldn’t even leave the bathroom to let her pee.  The shower was hot and soothed her aching limbs, lathering up her hair she closed her eyes not wanting to see her brother staring yet again at her breasts and baby belly.
This world will be in chaos for weeks, when the virus has run its course, the trail will lead back to the Tower and Steve Rogers, who of course will be nowhere to be found.  As the piece de resistance the Tower will implode the minute, they try to gain entry.
Now there is nothing to be ashamed of by using your diaper, big or little you will wear one, your bladder is weak due to all the drugs and alcohol you have used, and your bowels will be sensitive as well, that’s why you need to have daily enemas.  Now don’t be a silly boy and give yourself an even worse tummy ache, let go, and daddy will clean you up when we get back to your nursery, silly daddy forgot to pack your changing bag.”
“Come on slut, you can warm my cock tonight, and in the morning, you can take care of my morning wood and my pee, all without me having to get out of bed.”
“Thank you, Bruce, he is adequate at his job but I want Petey to excel at all the work tasks needed to be my personal assistant and I want them carried out by a completely obedient, submissive sissy omega.
Tony is going to work on his backlog of Stark Industries projects, he is on reduced hours so do not put pressure on him to complete them, come to me and l will judge if they are to be prioritized  above other work.”
In the morning he dressed in all the layers of lingerie that were in the chest, all the stockings and then stepped into the slippers. Taking one of the cotton sheets he wrapped up the silk one, the sewing kit and his cream in it, making a sling to go over his shoulder.  The other cotton sheet he wrapped around himself for protection.
“Sira, Loki fucks our pack omega and enjoys the dominance he has over him, he even partially transforms so that his cock can enlarge and chill the other omega, is this normal behaviour for and omega, or  it because of his duel nature?”
“Sweetheart, all is now forgiven, you have accepted your punishment and apologised to your Pack and your Alpha.”
Drawing in a deep breath he could almost taste the sweet honeyed scent of the omega, but what caused him to rear back away from the unconscious omega was the underlying redwood scent of his Alpha.  It couldn’t be, his mind screamed there was only one person that scent belonged to and he would be long dead by now. He had to be mistaken no two Alpha’s had the same scent, Stevie, that was the name he could now put to the blond and blue eyed face, how could he have forgotten that scrawny, sickly stubborn boy who had change in to a perfect golden god.
He is incredibly patient over the following months, watching as his little alpha begins to seek him out, getting flustered and embarrassed by Steve’s affectionate touches and words.  Their first kiss is after Tony nearly blows himself up in the lab, Tony is slightly singed and incredibly worried about his bots.  Steve just pulls him into his arms as he sits in the medal bay and places tender kisses over all the cuts and bruises on his face before gently kissing him on the lips.  Tony melts into the kiss, no fight for dominance, just needy little mewls as his teeth graze of the soft glands on his neck.  There follows, weeks of kissing and touching each other’s bodies, hands caressing cocks, bringing relief and pleasure. Tony’s skin is soft and smooth under his fingers, he presses a finger into his hole, the lube making it easier to work his finger deeper, as his little alpha squirms and moans, legs spread wide his cock hard and dripping against his stomach.  He adds another finger, pushing them deep inside until he brushes over Tony’s prostrate, smiling as his little alpha gasps and moans for more, which he gives.  Grasping Tony’s cock, he tugs on the smaller member as he works his prostrate until pre cum is dripping over his fingers, his little alpha crying out for release.  He takes a deep searing kiss and using a hint of Alpha voice tells him to come, there is a moment when he doubts himself but then Tony’s body goes ridged as his cock explodes cum coating his hand and chest.
The knife was sharp, so he made quick work of hacking off the long tangled strands, leaving a head of short uneven hair, he was about rinse her off again when he noticed the head lice, immediately his own scalp began too itch and his stomach turned.
Don’t be sad Natty, by the way that is your new name, you better get used to answering to it quickly.  You were a freak before but now you are just a  broken omega, and without your cock you can concentrate on being a good little breeding bitch for the dogs and a well behaved pet for your mistress.”
It was only when he looked in the mirror that he realised how see through the dress was. His nipples were showing, and his satin knickers were clear for all to see along with the garters holding up his stockings.
Tony knew better than to say no, as much as he hated his over sensitive holes being filled again, he willingly welcomed his Alphas cocks, fat tears rolled down his cheeks as his stomach heaved and roiled as he choked on Steve’s thick creamy cum, as he shuddered and squirted through the agonising pain of another orgasm, that very pain causing him to scream and come again one final time before he collapsed exhausted against Winter’s chest.
“Come stand with me Tony, look at yourself in the mirror.  I want you to know that l love you and am so happy that you were not hurt, and l managed to find you.  But l cannot let slide that you have now broken two of our hard rules.
The delighted look on Steve’s face and the murmured words of encouragement, was worth the struggle to eat every last piece of food Steve placed in his mouth.  When Steve then produced a flask of thick protein enriched milk shake his resolve waivered, but the warm hand massaging his swollen belly along with the adoring look on his Alpha’s face had him parting his lips for the straw, when the taste of blueberries exploded in his mouth he needed no encouragement to suck greedily, not even noticing when Steve surreptitiously  changed out empty flask for a second full one.
“Mr President said you could visit with FLO01.  Take a good look, this is what happens to redundant omega’s who can’t just be killed off, due to their Alpha’s status.
The meeting is nearing its end the lust and alpha pheromones are swirling thickly throughout the room Steve knows he needs to finish things now before there is change of one of the other alphas going feral and trying to get at his omega.
Steve smirked knowingly at his omega as he ran his hand up and down his cock smearing pre cum along its length.
He was convinced that everyone knew what was going on, especially whenever a low moan escaped his lips when Steve randomly shifted his hips to push up against his prostrate.  He tried his best not to squirm or moan, he knew he usually had more discipline that this, but coming off his heat must be messing with his control.  He squeezed his inner walls as he pushed down on Steve’s thick length, wanting to feel every inch inside him, hoping no one would notice if he kept his movements small and subtle.
“Omegas have proven that they are incapable of considering the welfare of other orientations.  The rise in Feral Alphas is a direct result of the low birth rate of omegas. Independence for omegas has resulted in them taking jobs and money away from betas and base-line humans.  Time off for heats causes massive disruption in the work place and puts pressure on other workers to cover their positions.”
“Darcy please will you do the honour of becoming my Bonded Omega, I know that it seems sudden, but I have worshiped and adored you from afar for months now.   I have been so sad and lonely since the death of my wife, but you have started to make me believe that I can have a second chance at meaningful bond and maybe a family, please make this lonely man happy and say yes.”
Darling, do you realise that we do not have to worry about that anymore, we can be together as Alpha and Omega, as Steve and Tony, as the loving couple that we both wanted to be.  Yes, I know it will be a difficult adjustment for you due to now being an Omega and the restrictions that entails, but I will be by your side to love you and guide you through the transition to Omega and teach you how to be a wonderful Omega for your Alpha and Pack.
“Sweetheart it’s ok, l was only playing, but you will have to fist Pepper again instead, did you see how much she enjoyed herself, you wouldn’t want to disappoint her would you?”
“Alphas this is what each of you deserve, an obedient bonded omega that knows and accepts its place in our Society.  I will not stop amending and making new Laws to ensure that all omega’s and lesser humans are under the control and ownership of responsible Alphas or placed in Omega Training Facilities.
There, now slide it back into your cunt and stand up, l want you bent over presenting your peachy ass, that’s it one hand on the chair and with the other give us a good show of a omega bitch fucking their boy pussy, with a huge fat plug.”
“Winter, lets get our bitch on all fours so that we can fuck his empty holes full of cum, wait until you get a look at his belly bulging with cum.”
Fuck, Tony looked so wanton and desperate, writhing on the bed legs splayed wide, tits leaking.  He threw off his towel and covered his omega, his cock sliding into her wet pussy.  His lips found her leaking nipple and he bit down hard, his cock jerking as his omega cries out her pussy clamping down on his cock.   He bit and sucked each nipple, toying with her until a she was wailing and sobbing, only when she finally got the message and lay still and pliant beneath him, did he begin to suckle on her abused teats.  He took his time tearing out one orgasm after another as he methodically fucked her whilst sucking her dry.
Thor  saw the confusion on the Avengers faces, did they honestly think a halfbreed omega whore’s get, would be the heir to the Asgardian Throne, no he at first had thought like Odin that their pups would be his heirs but he and decided that he wanted  pure bred heirs and had already set his sights on the omega he desired to become his consort.
It didn’t matter to him that the night was about making Pepper perform all the sexual duties she should have done as the company’s secretary.  He wanted to experience Sex Doll as well, her wanton behaviour at her wedding could still get him hard just thinking about it.
The celebration lunch had consisted of her having to suck off all the Avengers and eat out Natasha whilst they dined. Once the cake had been cut Happy had bent her over and fucked her face down in the remaining layer of cake, afterwards stuffing her cunt full of frosting and allowing Hawkeye to lick her clean. To her utter mortification she had climaxed numerous times and even begged Happy to let her ride his cock as she deepthroated Steve.
Happy led Peter into the penthouse lounge, giving a quick tug on the leash to ensure that his charge kept pace with him, the stupid brat was still sulking at the cute dress that Pepper insisted he wear.  The pink frilly dress fitted tight across his breasts before flowing over his bump to end at his thighs, matching pink knickers with lacy frills and bows stretched tight over his bum and crotch, outlining his caged cock and balls. Happy had pinned two white bows in Peter’s hair which was now skimming his shoulders. Pepper wanted Peter to be a sissy boy omega now that the whiny bitch was pregnant, and Happy took great delight in humiliating the brat with the most girly, frilly dresses and knickers.
Hulk/Brue grinned at the sight of the two Super Soldier Alphas sitting side by side on one of the couches stroking their cocks, lust filled faces staring at his Daisy Cow’s considerable attributes, frustrated that they could not touch, pre cum dripping unnoticed from their cockheads.
His loud arrogant behaviour, cutting remarks and trade mark smirk had become his armour against a world that wanted to see him be put firmly in his place.  If he had been any other omega he would never have gotten away with it but the Stark name kept him safe and Pepper had ensured that any sleazy money grabbing Alphas were firmly shown the door.
Steve entered the elevator and requested Jarvis to take them to the pent house, it was time to clean and settle his Omega before the branding took place.  He also needed to go over his rules with Tony and ensure that he was clear on any punishments he would receive for breaking them.
Steve took hold of her hand and stared down at Pepper. She was an Alpha, but he couldn’t help but think she was a typical woman dominated by her emotions, just like an omega.  That was why he did not always trust a female Alpha’s judgement.  Peggy had been the exception, she had got the job done asked of her, no tears or squeamishness and did not question his abilities as a leader or male. Yet she melted when they came together, didn’t matter if it was a quick fuck, hand job or a long slow night of love making she was completely feminine and knew her place.  He had always regretted that she wasn’t an omega.
Bruce met Steve’s eyes, a slight nod and he left for medical to get the syringe with the higher dose of serum.
Steve stroked his omega’s neck pressing lightly on the bunched nerves, fingers ghosting over his bonding mark and scent glands.  The tightness and tension disappeared from Tony’s body, his eyes closing as his breathing slowed.
"Tony dear I am going to give you an internal exam, your baby’s heart beat is fine but I have a suspicion that this could end up being a breech birth, which is not unusual in multiple births even though your last scan showed them all in the correct position, you pup may have turned.  Steve I want you to gently hold your omega’s knees wide apart so that I can feel what is going on.”
Unfortunately, the process of aging can not be halted or slowed down at this time, the serum that produced you has never been successfully recreated.  Still Tony is only twenty-four so you will have many years to enjoy your boy and new techniques in the field of plastic surgery are being discovered rapidly.”
He waited for his leash to be attached to his collar as normal, only to feel hands grabbing his dangling balls, pulling the up.  He felt two sharp jabs, then searing pain, that dragged a ragged cry from his ruined throat.
Steve ensured that a sleepy Tony’s limbs were carefully cushions by the soft pillows, then covered him with soft warm blankets, a buzz on the call button had Stella appear to administer the booster injection of omega hormones and pheromones that the doctor had ordered.  Tony would sleep for a few hours which would give him time to eat, shower and then catch up on his own sleep.  Once Tony was awake physio would be in to unstrap his arm and begin strengthening exercises, then the battle would begin once his omega realised that both hands would be mitted for the foreseeable future  unless otherwise stated by his Alpha.
Grabbing hold of Bucky’s shoulders, he pulled him in to a tight hug burying his face in the dark strands of hair, inhaling the almost forgotten earthy scent of his best friend and almost mate. There was a faint strange mint scent mingled with the familiar earthy scent, more of a sensation of ice cold wind.
“Don’t worry Steve, by the morning Jarvis will be up and running with new protocols and safety features in place.  He will not have the autonomy he was allowed previously and will answer to you as his Prime Controller and myself as Secondary Controller.  He will continue to run the Compound and provide intel for Avengers missions but will need to be given authorisation for any other activity outside the Avengers or Stark Industries.
Tony placed his thumb print on the bottom of the electronic document, Lydia having scrolled through the pages so fast that he only caught a glimpse of the odd word.
It was a simple matter of a few injections, none of which really hurt, and her body was no longer her own. Her lips stung as Black Widow insisted that she needed filler and wielded the needles herself.
“Captain Rogers, your omega is progressing nicely all indicators are within the ranges set for this time in a multiple birth pregnancy.  My only concern is that his weight is at the lower end of the acceptable scale, you will need to ensure that he gains a good amount of weight to support not only his needs but that of the babies.
Make-up was another part of his new regime, Winter insisted that he at least used eyeliner and lip gloss every day, tonight for the Gala he had been instructed to apply shimmering silver and sparkling pinks, Natasha had painted his nails and frosted the ends of his curls and eye lashes. Once he had applied his make-up he crossed to the bed where his outfit for the evening lay, the intricate bodice made entirely of pearls held together by nano bots, pushed up his small breasts, highlighting his hard nipples, the nano bots ensured that his waist was cinched tight, until he could only take short shallow breaths.  Two strands of pearls formed a v to his crotch, framing his hooded cock, before twining together splitting his labia and ass cheeks as the nano bots locked the final pearl in place against his plugged hole. As he slipped his feet into the glittering pearl and diamond omega sandals, he became aware that he was being watched.
His silk sheet was undamaged, having been wrapped in the two cotton sheets, they both had some tears but he could easily sew them. He wrapped himself in his silk and fell onto the mattress, sneezing at the dust, if a few tears fell there was no one to see.
Pepper fumed as Natasha took control, giving her no freedom to play with her clit, the mound of her sheathed cock hiding it, all she could do was continue to fuck her pussy with her tongue, the solid muscle of Natasha’s thighs not allowing her hands to part them of gain entrance to her sex.
Bucky hid his face in Steve’s shoulder after being pulled in to a tight hug, praying that Steve would mistake his shaking for fear and not the laughter he was trying to hold inside, everyone so far was pushing Steve in the direction he wanted him to go without him having to do anything drastic.  Steve was a stubborn fucker and rarely changed his mind once he had made a decision, but if you threatened what he felt belonged to him he would go to any lengths to protect it or them.
“Steve, l am not saying never, l am just saying not now.  Surely you can understand that?  You saw what l had to suffer through, hell you even were forced to join in and then there is our time at the cabin.  You fucked and disciplined me, thinking l was the other Stark, you were so unlike the Steve l knew before, was that the real you and  the kind, sweet Alpha who l went on dates with just a fake persona to entice me in.”
Steve licked every drop of cum up, his tongue dipping in to the soft creases of Tony’s belly button, fingers pinching and kneading the beginnings of fleshy love handles where once sharp hip bones had jutted out. He was beyond pleased with the physical changes his omega was now clearly showing and eager to show the rest of the Pack how much healthier their omega now look.
Steve escorted Tony to the shoot which had been set up in one of the large conference rooms in the Tower.  He had clear veto on what outfits his omega could be dressed in and had agreed to be in few of the photos.
Sinking to his knees with as much grace as he could muster he cupped his breasts and pushed them upwards, the milk filled mounds ached due to the combination of their weight and the punishment Bucky had doled out.
“Tony, it is time to get rid of the last outward show of rebellion of your life as Tony Stark unbonded omega.  You will conform from now on to what is considered acceptable in appearance and behaviour for a bonded omega.”
Sinking down on to his knees between the omega’s spread legs he placed his head against the fat belly listening, satisfied he leaned forward grabbing the omega’s jaw forcing him to look at his face.
Steve didn’t have to even look at the other members of the team to know what their answers would be, the stubborn, infuriating, argumentative genius had unknowingly wormed his way in to their hearts.  It had been the topic of many a conversation that if only Tony had been of A/B/O orientation he would have been a perfect addition to their Pack. Hidden under that brash exterior was a kind hearted, caring, generous man.
JARVIS ensure that Tony drinks a cum shake every hour and eats a bowl of omega feed every two hours. Bucky and I will take care the rest of his feeding, our little bitch is going to be so fucked out and full that he will not be able to move or even think of drinking or eating anything that he shouldn’t.”
“ That’s it baby, you spread those thick thighs so I can play with your cunt, remember that you can’t move or get hard from now until I have completed the second part of the bonding.
“Anthony Edward Stark Rogers! That is quite enough, march your backside straight back to bed right this moment, I will not tolerate this kind of behaviour.  How dare you treat Nurse Meyer with such disrespect, you will apologise to her immediately, but don’t think for one moment that you are not going to be punished for such behaviour. I am very disappointed in you, especially after you just minutes ago promised that you would listen and do everything needed to get better and make me happy.”
Sir had him either hanging off his knot or sucking his cock, anything to full his belly full of cum.  Now he couldn’t move without his stomach cramping or roiling, Sir didn’t care though he was determined to see how much cum he could take.
Bruce waited until Steve disappeared on to the bathroom, cum dripping from his slack hole. He knew that Steve was due at the Compound for a team training session and movie night. He would not be back at the tower until the morning.
Steve ran his fingers over each star sometimes pressing down or scratching his nail over one enjoying each gasp of pain and bodily shiver his omega gave.  Spreading Tony’s cheeks he admired the last star as it sat on the puffy ring of muscle the edges of two of the points disappearing into his hole.  Slipping two fingers in to the warm heat he stretched wide the puffy ring eliciting a moan of arousal from his gagged and tied down omega.
The slow drive back to the Compound took over 15 minutes as they teased Pepper but increasing their speeds so she had to jog faster in order to keep the rope taut and then they would slow down and watch her stumble as she had to adjust her speed.
Now what is it going to be, you must be uncomfortably full, wouldn’t it be such a relief to let go and relax, kneel in comfort whilst we eat breakfast.  If I have to replace the urethral sound you will not get another chance to pee until tonight.
“Look Tony, you didn’t even manage to last five minutes before you peed and then a couple of drinks and you embarrassed yourself in front of all those guests.  Don’t think for one moment that no one noticed that puddle under your chair and that wet patch on your trousers.
Noticing the looming Alpha with two cups of tea in large hands she motioned him to sit in the arm chair she had pulled near to the bed.
Running calloused fingers over each tit he bit down on each nipple, rolling them between his teeth as he sucked mouthfuls of sweet milk, the taste was addictive and there was no way he was giving it up.  Stupid omega bitch’s weepy doe eyes did not work on him and Bucky was going to make sure that Steve never weakened when they were turned on him.
Withdrawing once he saw his omega was close to losing consciousness he let him draw a few pitiful gasps of air before he thrust his spit slicked cock back in to the wet warmth of his omega’s throat, with his other hand he grabbed at Tony’s throat and rubbed his fingers along the obvious length of his cock under the thin skin.
Now in full alpha mode and wanting the board meeting over and done with as he had an unruly omega to fuck and discipline, it seemed yet again his omega had forgotten the mental link that allowed him an incite into his thoughts and feelings. he clipped the leash on to Tony’s collar bought him to heel and swiftly led him from the room.
You can knot her asshole as much as you want, this will simulate her milk production and prepare her for the birth.  She won’t last another two moons, probably within the next four weeks, if that.”
Pepper’s howls as the clamps were removed as she orgasmed for the third time, made him wish  he could knot her to see what noises he could pull from her.
Steve pressed a gentle kiss to his lost mate’s forehead before whispering in his ear in Russian the trigger words JARVIS gave him;
You will obey me and be the perfect omega, just like that Stark bitch.  If not, your brother will find himself in Guantanamo Bay for the rest of his life, do I make myself clear my omega?”
Sira continued to twist and pull until she had managed to gain another half inch of length. The thin stretched skin easily clipped to the second ring, leaving her free to manipulate the fatter ice crystal flesh forward and activating some of the dormant growth enhancing crystals.
These humans are so stupid and shortsighted, but that was only to be expected of a race that was so short lived.
Pastel coloured walls, plush carpet and custom nursery furniture, lighting that could be adjusted for any time of the day or night, holograms that could light up the ceiling with displays of the stars at night, of floating clouds and cute animals to keep pups amused or lull them to sleep.  Two comfortable rocking chairs with foot rests and small sofa finished off the room.  The dressing room had been converted into a small kitchen and the bathroom altered to include a bathing area suitable for babies and small children.
“Now gentlemen, I will take Betty Bitch back to the residence and order her some new outfits, whilst you take care of Darcy.  Bruce send me a text when you are finished, and we can drive back together.
“Not so high and might now are you bitch?  this is payback for all the times that you sent perfectly good food back to the kitchens, demanding it be cooked again. For when you used your magic to give my daughter warts because Odin smiled at her.”
Now your task for today is to take apart the latest Stark Phone and compare it to your phone that we found inside your suit.  I want a complete analysis and comparison of each phone, with recommendations for improvements.
Any omega that shows exceptional intelligence will be given the chance to continue their education, but will be bonded and mated when they come of age and be expected to birth the requisite amount of babies as well.
Now shall we begin by discussing the Conditioning treatment plan in place for Mr Stark and any amendments that you wish to make due to the outcome of your meeting with Judge Edwards, there are also a range of new experimental treatments that have just been approved for trials by the Medical Board which may be beneficial in Mr Stark’s case.”
“Sex Doll service Captain Rogers, show how grateful you are that your belly is full of his babies.  Come on slut put those lips to good use, it’s a long drive and you are going to provide the entertainment.”
Winter watched from the nursery door and Steve watched on the Stark pad as Tony drifted off to sleep a small contented smile on his face, arms holding his pups close.  Winter’s annoyance with the omega for not being on his knees in the master bedroom as ordered dispersed at the sight before him, he wanted to see his pups suckling on the omega’s tits side by side with Steve’s, he wanted to see Tony’s stomach full and round with pups.  Sniffing the air, he scented the unique smell of each pup, but what made his nose twitch along with his cock was the sweet heady scent of pre heat rolling of the slumbering omega.
Karl waited a few minutes before slipping into the stall, Winter didn’t stir at all as he dragged into the next stall and cuffed to medical table, ready for Vet.
He kept her naked and collared at all times, when he needed to concentrate on his work without any distractions he had her strapped on to a fucking machine in her omega room.  There was no bed or closet of clothes, no personal items of any kind in her room.  The only other item was the whip hang on the wall made from her hair, it was in her constant line of sight as her holes were pummelled, a reminder never to disobey or disappoint her Alpha.
Steve rubbed more cum into Tony’s small puffy tits, the large dusty nipples perking up with each pass of his fingers.  The thought of them growing large and dripping with milk excited him no end.  Grabbing hold of Tony’s legs he pushed them up over his shoulders and thrust back into his omega’s still gaping hole.
“Alphas, your silly bitch is high on the taste of Jotun milk, the enriched vitamins and minerals contained in the colostrum are meant to aid pups in the freezing climate of Jotunheim. Weight gain is important for new-born pups, so the milk has addictive qualities that mean they suckle long and often, causing rapid weight and growth.”
Tony nodded his head, it was bearable, and he wanted to please everyone, especially Daddy, show him that he was a big boy and did not need to be treated like a baby anymore.
Before the breeding ensure that he is thoroughly cleansed inside and out, then rub his body with the Stud dog’s scent  and cum.  I would advise a collar and upper body harness, less damaging to his neck and shoulders when he is pinned down.
Bucky continued to squeeze Tony’s throat, cock pulsing another load of cum as he gloated over the terrified expression on the omega’s face.  As the bitch lost consciousness he ground his knot further up in to the tight heat  just so he could watch the unconscious flickers of pain cross the omega’s face.
“Well then, l had better get back to work, please let me know when Tony is awake and well enough to see me, there is  going to be a lot of paperwork that needs signing before he can step down from the Company.”
Fortunately, the background file on Ms’ Potts arrived earlier today, and has proved very enlightening.   Potts has an older half-brother on her father’s side that was obviously the favorite child whilst she was growing up, her parents especially her father showered all their love and affection on the boy, totally relegating their daughter to an afterthought.  David was a jock on the fast track to becoming a professional football player after college and academically he was majoring in Business and finance.  An injury ended his sports career and he joined the family business, running it a long-side his father.
Pepper perched on the side of the bed and gently embraced Tony, carding her fingers through his hair, scratching his scalp, smiling when he let out soft little hums of contentment.  She hated to break the fragile peace, but she was running out of time as his interim guardian and wanted to ensure Tony’s safety and security within the Pack.  There was no way she was letting the State, or a rival Pack take him or his Company, she had already had to fend off numerous inquiries and offers even though he had only been registered less than twenty-four hours ago, the other Packs not seeming to care that he had already been accepted in to the Avengers Pack.  Until he had fully bonded with the Pack and mated with an Alpha there would be challenges from other Packs to prove they were better suited to provide and care for an Omega such as Tony.
Odin had fallen in the All Sleep, five years ago, he missed the old bastard, not just for the wicked things he could do Tony’s body.  The God had a wealth of knowledge and experience to pass on, tales that showed him in every light, lessons learned and still to learn.   The children adored him, even when he was being strict and instilling Asgardian traditions.  He would never allow any disrespect from them towards their mother, even though they grew up within the rigid structure of Alpha/Beta/Omega society.
“You are such a good boy Tony, for being so honest and open with me, I am very honoured that I am going to be your first and only male partner.  Sweetheart, there is no need to be ashamed or embarrassed, I am going to take such good care of you.
Again, Bruce could not sense any deception in her words or scent, still he would not depart from the sexual training and medical schedule he had devised.  These omega bitches would say anything to get a good fucking so the meg, was going to have to prove herself.
Tony held on to the edge of the desk, knuckles turning white as Steve’s cock pounded into him, his stomach stretched full of cum, so much so that it pressed against the edge of the desk, whenever Steve changed the angle of his thrusts he would feel a sharp pain as the edge dug in, after the third time he’d cried out in pain he knew the bastard was doing it deliberately, he could feel his Alpha’s arousal ramping with every sharp cry, his knot swelling.
But it was the candid photo taken by a young freelance photographer, along with the President’s speech, who had somehow managed to sneak into the Gala that swayed political and public opinion further in favour of the new Omega Registration Laws, giving Alphas complete control of omegas.
You will stay in the presidential suite and do everything I order you to do.  In return you will have clothes and an allowance until you present, then depending on what orientation you are a l will decide what to do with you.”
He laughed as his omega’s eyes widened in dismay, after all, Tony’s tendency to piss himself occasionally when overstimulated had not gone away with the loss of his cock.
‘Stunning’ was the only word that came to mind as Steve watched Hulk lead Tony/Daisy in front of them, her nipples pulled taut by the thin chains attached to them causing in turn her huge milk laden udders to be stretched out in front so that the thick rubber bands constricting them were on full view as she trotted quickly along behind, trying to keep up with Hulk’s large strides.  Below the mound of her pregnant belly the ruffles fluttered giving glimpses of frills and of the gold bell hanging between bowed thighs, each ring sent a jolt to his already throbbing cock.  The sight that had him loosening his pants to take his cock in hand was that of fleshy round globes framed by ruffles and split by the skimpy thong jiggling with each step.
Steve felt sorry for his poor omega who was under the mistaken idea that he had a choice in anything his Alpha wanted him to do. Still this could be used to good advantage at a later date if his troublesome omega really balked against a certain situation.
I must stress how important it is that we as Alphas must embrace the return to a more conservative and traditional approach to bonding and the place of omegas in our society.  I urge you all to vote for the upcoming Amended Omega Rights Bill.  You only have to look at Tony before he was bonded to see that omegas are incapable of functioning on their own for an extended period of time, for all his genius and ability to create and be Iron Man he has shown himself to be weak and foolish with his personal life.
Thirty minutes later Bruce willed his orgasm, he could smell how close the omega was to coming but there was no way he would allow it on Petey’s first attempt, he planned to have the omega so frustrated and upset that he couldn’t obey or perform on demand that he begged him to take away the distraction of his useless cock.
Leaving his omega he took his chair at the head table then proceeded to ignore him for the whole of the meal.  When coffee was served, Steve helped Tony off the dais placing him on a cushion by his chair, giving him small sips of water and hand feeding him a few slivers of melon that he had requested.  Several of the other Alphas followed his example, requesting cushions for their omegas who had previously been sitting beside them at their tables.   Steve nodded his head in approval when he saw what was happening, these modern day  omegas needed to be pulled down a peg or two, sitting at a table next to their Alpha as though they were equals was ridiculous.
“As you can see Tony is physically healthy and is adjusting to his new physique, his mental health is fragile and I must insist that you do not shout or badger him with questions, he will not now or for the foreseeable future be available to speak to or answer question from the press.  Now I will answer a few questions, so that you have time to take some photos of my gorgeous husband, doesn’t he just look adorable.
Suddenly there was a loud crash and an enraged cry, Ty went flying into the far wall, blood smearing the paint as Ty’s unconscious body slid to the floor. As he scrambled for purchase on marble vanity, he could see Steve dragging Ty out through the smashed door, throwing him at Clint and Thor, Natasha on her phone, calling Happy to bring the car round to the back entrance.
There are some days when l fight against my lack of choice and of not being allowed to work or go out.  But Happy shows me the error of my ways and disciplines me accordingly.  Natasha has told me that once the babies are born there is work at Stark Industries for me to do and Happy says my brother wants me to entertain some prospective clients, so I wont just be popping out brats.”
He couldn’t get his mouth to form words, he felt so warm, his nerve endings were tingling throughout his body, wherever his skin touched the Alpha’s. The ache between his legs hurt but in the way you didn’t want it to stop.  He was so confused, this seemed so familiar, his hind brain was shouting for him to slow down but his couldn’t grasp why it was such a bad idea to allow Steve to continue. The Alpha’s cockhead caught his rim, sparks lit as his hole fluttered open, sucking in the head,  the burn of the thick bulbus head stretching his rim to the max, had his pussy clenching and spurting as Steve’s cock rubbed against his swollen clit, the pain and the rush of his orgasm hit.  He clenched down on Steve’s cock once, he needed to think with a clear head, this was to much to soon, unfortunately just as he released, the Alpha’s cock head breached his rim fully, sparks lit and a second orgasm ripped him apart.
He couldn’t help brushing his hands over her full breasts as he pushed her sweater up over her head, the thin material of her t-shirt outlining her pert nipples and clearly showing that she was not wearing a bra, he wouldn’t be surprised if she wasn’t wearing any knickers under that long floaty skirt.  Crowding next to her on the loveseat he made sure to constantly have some part of his body touching her as they drank their coffee and made inane small talk. He smirked every time his arm brushed against her tits as he reached across for his coffee cup, enjoying her soft panicked breaths as she tried to press herself back and away from his touch.
A supposed leak to the news networks and papers had hinted that Omega Winter Stark Rogers and his pups had flown to the Malibu mansion so he could spend time bonding with his pups, regain his fitness and loose weight after their birth.  The leaked rumour seemed to have worked, the reporters and public wanting to catch sight of Tony and the pups had dispersed and now seemed to be congregated at the gates of his Malibu home.  Steve and Winter had hopes that any villains or Hydra agents would also follow making Jarvis’s objective of keeping their omega and pups safe a lot easier until they could return.
Peter screamed as the barn’s brand was stamped on his thigh, gagging on the stench of his burning flesh, he all but passed out when a second brand stamped a row of numbers and letters on his lower back. He felt hands pulling off his collar and cuffs, removing all his jewelled piercings, he startled awake when rough fingers snapped off his gold nose ring, replacing it with a much heavier one that fell against his top lip.
“Tony remember last year when we finally sat down and talked about the attraction between us? and decided that neither of us wanted the other to be hurt or lose the friendship we had worked so hard for due to our inability to mate fully, as you were base-line and I would eventually need an Omega to mate with and Omega and have pups.
Tony whined and squirmed trying to push the bottle away with his hands but his daddy was to strong even when he was being gentle with him.  Giving in he sucked down the last few ounces of milk letting out a relieved sigh when the bottle was finally taken from his mouth.
He sat up hugging his knees, fingers stroking the silk stockings. It bought a long-suppressed memory to the forefront of his mind.
4.	Milk her for two hours four times a day, feed her for twenty minutes then start the process again.
Tony threw back his head and screamed as his orgasm rushed through him, Steve latched on to his bond mark sinking his teeth in as his knot forced its way in to his tight hole locking them together.
Grabbing hold of his arm she all but dragged him over to the corner and pushed his nose against the wall, after yanking down his bottoms and diaper.
You will be allowed workshop time if you behave, in addition to the ten mandatory hours work, you have to do for Stark Industries each week.
“Morning Ms Romanov, morning Pepper.  Alpha Rogers has instigated Traditional Pack Punishment Rules, so Pepper you better show more respect for our Pack Alpha or you could find yourself being caned in public or worse depending on what your transgression you have committed.
Captain/Alpha Rogers in his opinion would only tolerate sharing the omega with him due to the residual bond but he was incapable of allowing the omega to fully service to the rest of the Avengers pack.  Such short sightedness would not have been tolerated by Hydra, widening the gene pool for breeding would have been seen a high priority where there was a pack of exceptionally strong Alphas.
“No, no that’s not going to happen Steve has forgotten about the veil and Doctor Strange’s charm.  He already thinks that Stark is not our one, as he didn’t recognize him when he spoke to him and tried to comfort him, he flinched away from Steve, something Tony would never do.”
Steve would take his time tonight with his Bucky and ensure their bond was fully settled so that in the morning he could decide on what level of bonding he would allow between Bucky and Tony.
Picking up her phone she made the call, the stupid omega needed to be fully broken and she did not have the time to spend on the little sissy.
Steve guided Tony to stand in front of the podium, his hands possessively cradling his omega’s bulging stomach.
Tony quickly pocketed them before any others could take them, he had such a sweet tooth now, but whilst Steve let him indulge most of the time, he also ensured that he balanced it out with healthy meals.  Things had gone a bit awry the last two days as Steve and Thor had been called away on a SHEILD mission, Steve had not been impressed with Fury, and Tony had been unhappy at being without his Alpha.
“Marco, darken the mirror or I can tape her eyes, I want the full look before we reveal it to Pepper and sex doll.”
Shaking herself she looked over to the other fight, both Alphas were bloodied and bruised, she could not tell who was, who, both were bare faced and their uniforms and shields to similar to differentiate. They were trading blows and kicks, almost mirroring each other in a violent dance.  Suddenly one got the upper hand and smashed his fist into the other’s throat. He left him gasping for air as he ran towards her.
Steve paced the room until he got control of his raging libido, he didn’t know how he was going to get through the next few days with the enticing scent of the omega permeating the cabin.
Now Pepper go take a quick shower, then go with Bruce to medical so that he can check you over.  Afterwards I expect you back in your new office to get started on those mergers.  Happy will drive you to the Compound this evening.”
There was no escaping the workshop he was confined until Steve returned. JARVIS was the only one who could override the codes, if the structural integrity of the building was in doubt or there was a direct threat of an enemy gaining access to the workshop, or a medical emergency in which case Pepper would be allowed to retrieve Tony and get him medical care.
6.	You will be physically disciplined twice a day to ensure that you remain subservient and that any unbecoming behaviour due to your unruly omega pregnancy hormones are kept in check.  The spanking will take place morning and evening, any further bad behaviour will be dealt with but other means, Winter and I can be very creative, so I suggest you do not test us.
“Tony have you had any thoughts on Sarah’s other name?  I was thinking maybe you would like it to be Maria after your mother, Sarah Peggy Maria stark Rogers fits perfectly and of course you will be Tony stark Rogers.   No capital letter for your surname is now used as an indicator to show who is the omega, it is one of the old traditions that is returning, now that omegas need to be identified and registered due to the drop in their numbers after the Snap and the fact that so few omegas survived the Reversal.”
Winter picked him up, sitting him on his lap facing him, his flesh hand stroking his back whilst metallic fingers brushed against his mons and dipped between his pussy lips to press up into his wet cunt.
The Captain watched as Bruce tended to the bastard’s injuries, it had been a near thing what with his internal injuries and blood loss.
The photographers jostled and pushed each other determined to get the perfect shot of the diamond incrusted red leather collar with its gold tag, the end of the gold leash held firmly in the Prime Minister’s hand.
“Tony I am so disappointed in you, you have been such a good boy recently why did you have to go and ruin it and make me have to discipline you?  I can only assume that you need to be ingesting even more feed and cum to stop you sneaking other food and drink, I am going to keep you so full from now on.
I had this specially made for your tiny little cock as even for an omega it is a pathetic size!  It’s titanium and gold alloy just like your suit but threaded with vibranium so there will be no way for you to cut it off even if you got the chance, the anal hook and cock ring will pull it back and the ball of the hook will lock into your butt plug so everything will be held securely in place.
The young photographer happily used the money earned from the photograph to ensure his Aunt was able to afford to pay the mortgage arrears so they would not lose their home and he would be able to afford his first year of college tuition fees, little knowing that with a knock on his door two days later his life and that of his aunt’s would change forever.
Fucking Hell! How did Bruce/Hulk find out this,  Pepper must have told him, he had even made sure never to think about them show them to Steve after he had mated him.  Howard had beat the shit out of him as a child when he had caught him dancing in front of his mother’s dressing room mirror whilst bedecked in Maria’s jewellery, dressed in one of her silk negligee.  For years afterward and especially when he had presented as an omega he had supressed any urge to wear omega apparel and had stuck to strictly alpha forms of clothing.
Steve allowed Tony a few minutes to settle down, slapping his plump cheeks occasionally when Tony whined or tried to grasp hold of his legs.  Eventually he stilled head and arms dangling towards the floor, Steve could hear his soft whimpers and gasps as Steve began to move around the room.   Tony’s weight was nothing against the super soldier serum and his huge knot kept him firmly in place, when he felt his knot beginning to soften, he returned to the mirror.
I promise that l will do what is right by Tony.  You know that l, have his best interests at heart, this could be a good thing, he won’t need to stress or worry about anything.  He can concentrate on being a mother and an omega without any distractions.
If you prove to me that you can be a useful bitch, as well as a slut, then I will come to you and bring you home.”
Doctor I hope that you have a new treatment plan ready to put in to action, otherwise I will be forced to seek treatment elsewhere, I do not think that Director Fury will be too impressed if I impose my will and bring in a civilian doctor to consult.”
“Oh ... oh....uh uh ohhh….Alp…ha….Alp..ha  I need oh god I need, come on do it fuck me harder, bite me, own me do anything you want just make me come!”
Steve felt Tony clench his internal walls round his knot, the splash of his cum against his stomach. His omega lay silent and still under him, eyes sparkling, his body glistening as he milked every last drop of cum.
Steve thoroughly enjoyed having Tony hanging from his knot, the complete and utter helplessness of his baby boy had his knot pulsing and cum swelling his little one’s stomach to an obscene level.  Tony sobbed and begged to be let down, but Steve would swiftly smack his bubble butt each time, telling him what a naughty and ungrateful boy he was for not wanting his Daddy to play with him and give him his undivided attention.
Caught on Thor’s knot he could only watch as the small omega screamed as the first pup’s head crowned, a further ten minutes passed before the pup was finally delivered its cries loud in the now silent room.
Tony felt his cheeks burning as Steve fitted the snug band round his balls and the bright red cock cage over his soft penis, as embarrassing as that was, he was beyond mortified when Steve coated with lube a thin flexible sound before slowly pushed it down his urethral opening and capping it off with a small gold ball.
Jarvis in his desire to protect and to nurture Tony’s omega instincts had handed him on a platter to the two most dominant Alphas in existence. Alphas who had come from a time when omegas had virtually no rights at all and were seen as little more that breeders and slaves for Alphas to use as they saw fit. One of those Alpha’s was also only now awakening to his needs and desires for having an omega. The AI would only ever be able to override any of the protocols installed by the omega on his Alpha’s instructions after their bonding if his creator’s life was in imminent danger.
“Captain Rogers, your husband sure is a pretty little thing.  My stepson is at Mountain View for treatment at the moment, the poor boy thought he could just run off an marry some whore, who was only using him for my money.
The club was packed, he didn’t really remember agreeing to go, but Bucky was grinning at him, and his cock felt so good cradled in the satin knickers, the petal pink dress swirling round his ankles. Bucky held him close, twirling them round the dance floor first in a waltz, then a foxtrot. Breathless and feet aching he let Bucky sit him in a booth whilst he went to get them drinks.
“You can get to the trough to drink, and walk about a little bit when your tits start leaking, you go back and put your tits over the milk cans.  If you don’t have full cans when come out later, I will take the crop to your tits and butt.”
“BB, I have meetings until dinner, Jason will take you to Darcy, she is on a rest period at the moment until her next milking and feeding.  You need to inform me if she says anything untoward or causes you to be upset.”
“Good girl Pepper, now you are going to sit on my cock and look pretty for the rest of the evening.  If you are offered cock to suck the you will do so on your knees and with enthusiasm in front of us all, after you will put yourself back my cock until Natasha escorts you back to your suite.”
Bruce pulled back the blanket covering the naked omega, then the thin pad covering his genitalia.  Steve’s breath caught at the sight of the perfect little boy cock nestling in front of plump cunt lips.  The head of the omega’s cock twitched as he rang a finger along its small length, a pearly drop of pre cum glistening on the tip, the sweet tasting nectar sent a bolt of lust straight to his dick.
About time..put in his place…needs a good whipping…. Show respect to Alphas now…. he needed a good fucking and to be shown who is in charge….years younger…….look at those jewels….. plump little titties…..suck on those……look at his belly just how an omega should be, keep them full of pups….less trouble….still able to work hopefully his Alpha will put a stop to this no building weapons nonsense……can still use that brain of his just needs to be controlled ….. won’t be using his cock anymore, wonder if he still has one
I want a life with you, to have a family, to not be a fuck up and scream all night with the nightmares from Afghanistan and my childhood.
The lingerie appeared when Pepper became his Alpha, in a moment of weakness he had shared the story to make her understand why he never dressed in public as an omega. Howard never wanted any outward sign that his only son was an omega even though he had experimented on him to ensure his compatibility with Steve Rogers.
Steve pushed in just a little further, enough to make Tony gasp, his hole clenching tight round the head of his cock.
After Swiping his fingers through the mess on his stomach he fed them in to Tony’s mouth, letting his omega suckle on them until they were clean.
“Loki, I never considered you my son, it was Frigga who wanted to keep you, you are nothing but a mongrel, a half-breed.  Now that she is no longer my queen, I don’t have to make a pretence of caring about you.
Sucking off his Alphas under the hot spray of the shower, leaves him with his belly swollen even more with cum, his reddened backside stinging as the hot water hits his tender flesh.  His knees are sore from the hard tiles, shoulders aching from his arms being bound tightly behind his back but it is his breasts that are suffering the most, Steve has once again made use of the rubber bands, his breasts are pinched tight before ballooning out in to large round globes his nipples are clamped, the rows of tiny teeth biting deep in to each abused nub.
Within moments he was nearly elbow deep thrusting up with his fisted hand, each time he flexed his forearm the puffy ring stretched even wider, eliciting muffled moans from their cock gagged omega. .
Odin sank his cock into the little omega’s sopping hole, fingers pinching and kneading the deep purple and black bruises covering her pert butt cheeks.  It pleased him to hear the little bitch scream, all the while grinding back on his cock, as he fucked her tight pussy. He gripped her waist, pulling her up onto his lap, so he could breathe in her scent and feel her bonding glands.  Her scent was pleasing for an already bonded omega, but his anger surfaced when his magic found the death bond, this was an abomination, and he would not stand for it.
Hulk thrust another finger in, not caring as the meg’s screams echoed around Bruce’s lab.  Licking the sweat off Petey’s back he bit down on his shoulder sucking a huge blood mark.
Now let me explain a few extra modifications I have made to the meg’s body that will give you a plethora of ways to tease and torment him with.”
Tony lost himself to the rhythm of his heat, rocking his hips back to meet each thrust, uncaring that his thighs were covered in slick with streaks of blood, that his swollen rim was stretched thin as his Alpha mate forced his burgeoning knot past to settling in his channel filling every inch.
“Chloe, take Pepper back to hair and makeup, we need to start on the second shoot in thirty minutes.”
“Captain Rogers, firstly let me say that Tony’s treatment has been a huge success, he is physically healed and his mental state is that of a young toddler when under, and when you age him up he will have the emotionally sensibilities of a teenager but his intelligence will be intact.  You should age him up once or twice a week, so that he receives the mental stimulation through work that his brain will need as a genius.  At a future date, if you require, we can condition an age between these two if that would be something you are interested in.
Clint, why don’t you and Natasha take Petey for a couple of hours, see if you can induce his labour with a thorough fucking.  The little sissy needs a spanking as well for being such whiny bitch about wearing pink.”
Steve had seconds before he was desperately trying to swallow the thick cum flooding his mouth.  The burning sensation he felt as he swallowed was not something he had expected, but the taste outweighed the discomfort he felt.
“So pretty now my omega, soft and small, just how a proper omega should be.  Don’t you love how responsive you are now, look at your tiny cock responding to my touch, you have learned so much in such a short time.  You are not the same omega that fell through the portal, that omega was a tragic mess, an omega forced to act as an alpha, to work and make decisions, left unbond and unloved by his pack.
“Aw, Pepper, don’t be too upset, you will still run Stark Industries and all its subsidiaries as CEO, you will have wealth and status, but only if you submit to me before the Pack in the traditional way at midday, renouncing your leadership of SI Pack. it will take place in the Boardroom in the presence of the first circle of pack members.
“Well, who is a naughty boy, looks like someone keeps you all bound up, does your Daddy make you writhe and beg for release, does he suck you little dick until it dribbles out a pathetic few drops of cum?  Your hole is sopping, no need to prep your dirty slut hole, just going to slide right in.”
The stool was in front of the mirror as always, the small nubs had been exchanged for three larger ones, lowering herself slowly on to them, she groaned as her tender pussy and asshole were once again filled, the smallest nub pressing hard against her fat clitoris.  Lifting a hand, she began to pinch and twist her nipples, the already swollen and throbbing teats sending bolts of pain and unwanted pleasure to her clitoris.  Milk leaked from the thick teats, dripping down her breasts on to her large round belly, using her other hand she began to massage it into her skin.  For ten minutes she tortured herself, the hard, unforgiving wood rubbing her clit and abrading her holes as she forced herself to rise and fall.
He smiles as he mouths at his mate’s still healing mark, he now has what he wanted and planned for all those months ago, Tony as his own perfect Little Omega.
After switching on the automated food pump, she gathered up the shorn hair and placed it in a zip lock bag ready to be sent to her wig maker.  Walking over to the other examination table she watched with interest as Bruce began injecting a series of syringes into the ports on the younger omega’s arms.
Tony noticed the change in his Alphas straight away, they disciplined him for the slightest infraction of their rules, he was naked and leashed all the time now, his small diamond nose ring replaced with a large, plain vibranium one.  He was not allowed any lab time unless it was to work on the Avengers equipment.
“That’s it, be a good little patient and take your medicine, make sure you get every drop, if any escapes them we will need to repeat the procedure again until you have had the full dose.”
Remember that his first heat will only occur when his body weight is at healthy level, currently he weighs 56 kgs, the ideal weight for an omega of his height of 5ft 5 inches and age is 85 kgs pre- first heat/pregnancy, of course the omega’s Alpha and pack members have final veto on what they consider the ideal weight for their omega. Omega Stark will need a high level of guidance and supervision, he had no previous knowledge of his omega biology, so it will be a difficult transition for him, you cannot just wipe out 37 years of unhealthy behaviours over- night.
“Go ahead and work on it if you would like Sira, it’s going to be a couple of hours before any results come through.   Jarvis can display the plans for you in 3D, and as you know Loki’s body and its limits you can adapt and add your own ideas.
“Awww baby, don’t cry, so perfect for daddy, look at you filling you diaper for the first time, daddy is so proud of you. Now let’s get you all cleaned up ready for your next conditioning treatment, Dr Gottlieb and Nurse Meyer will be along soon.”
Loki continued his slow measured thrusts, lifting the omega’s leg he reached under to grab hold of Stark’s soft cock tugging on the PA piercing in time with his thrusts.  Eventually he was rewarded with a few dribbles of sweet smelling cum as the omega tried to fuck himself back onto his long cock.
He was Captain America, Prime Alpha, Bonded and soon to be Father to a litter of pups. He would embrace the high standards he was held up to and that had been instilled in him by his mother and Erskine. He would ensure that his omega and pups adhered to them as well.  This would be how he atoned for allowing his emotions to over rule his usual sound judgement and common sense.
If it hadn’t been for the penis gag down his throat, he would have screamed at them to give her some pain relief. By the time the first baby slid out he could see her whole-body trembling and the shock in her eyes.
“Ms Potts, your services are no longer needed, you need to sign the documents that legal are bringing up and then Security will escort you from the building. Any personal belongs left here will be packed and delivered to your apartment this evening.
He rolled the fat, nipples between his fingers, warming them up, letting the blood flow back into them after removing the clamps, he left he clit on in the chain dangling, the solid weight of the chain and nipple clamps would pull on Stark’s clit.
It took Bruce three months to coerce Steve in to letting him take control and fuck him.  The New Avengers had been needed all over the world to help restore order and government.  Captain America and his omega were the epitome of the new strict Alpha/omega Societally structure and were in great demand to attend many functions that promoted the new order.
Tossing the loofah on the floor he picked up a soft wash cloth and started to drag it over his omega’s nipples and around his breasts, smirking as Tony hissed and mewled with each pass over his highly sensitive nipples.  The plumb hard buds stood high, the surrounding areola dark against the pale skin of his breasts, Steve licked his lips at the sight of the milk laden tits bobbing in the water.
“Such a shame that such a wonderful sweet child had to grow up into that nasty young man, it’s a pity that he could not have stayed a child. His poor husband Captain Rogers must wonder why he ever married him, I bet he would like to put him over his knee and spank all that naughty bratty behaviour out of him!  Only child I never had to discipline with my wooden spoon, think I will send it to Captain Rogers perhaps he will make better use of it.”
“Give him ten lashes on his cock and balls, for kicking out at you, then plug on full power until the next cow is ready.”
At all other times only Steve and JARVIS would be able to gain access to the work shop.  Tony’s codes could not be used without permission from his Alpha or under unless JARVIS had been instructed to allow him entry.
By this time the others had joined them to watch the birth, Professor Hulk carried out a quick examination of her cunt and confirmed her waters had broken and she was already seven centimetres dilated. The nano collar and belt would monitor her and the pups, leaving them free to watch the birth.
Now let me dry those tears, then I will feed you a snack to get your sugar levels up and after physio it will be time for a sleep. When you wake up the pack will be here to share dinner, if you are especially good and eat every morsel, I feed you, I am going to give you a proper bath and then a massage as a reward.”
Updates will be sporadic, my laptop died so this is the old one which is very unreliable as the charging port does not always work.
“Alpha, are you going to let a pathetic snivelling omega challenge what you can and cannot do?  Does the little bitch think it can turn on the tears to get you to change your mind?  Spoilt bitch needs to be put in its place, cock slut, cum dump and breeder that is all that an omega is.”
His poor sweetheart tried so hard to stay still and quiet, but Steve was not playing fair, he started with gentle thrusts at random moments, then soft kisses on the back of his neck whilst gently stroking his hip.  He could feel the minute shivers running up his omega’s spine and the soft huffs of his breath, a harder thrust of his hips combined with his teeth grazing over his bonding gland had Tony moaning and pushing down on his cock.
He stroked her mons, fingers dipping further to trace her lips. He watched as she sighed and relaxed back against the leather seat, her legs moving further apart to accommodate his larger hand.
His Alphas had looked as though they wanted to throw him to the floor and fuck him on the spot when he had walked on to the set, if he hadn’t been plugged he would have been gushing slick at their barely restrained growls of approval.  'Huh, still got it even when I’m the size of a house and waddling like a duck!' He had thought.
Tony smiled fondly at the bots, he was looking forward to the day when he could introduce the girls properly to his bots.
Hulk lifted the omega off the table, careful to let his little cow get her balance on the high heels, not happy with the flailing arms he cuffed them behind her back, which gave the added advantage of thrusting forward her pregnant belly and huge udders.   Clipping a thin chain to each nipple suction cup he tugged on the adjoined leash, listening out for the tinkle of bells as his pretty little cow trotted behind him.
He could feel Hulk stir when he notices the brand on her ass cheek, it makes his cock rise as well, he could just picture May with a special Hulk brand on her huge tits or her wobbling butt cheeks, Hulk rumbled his approval.
Pepper was regal as she bowed her head slightly to acknowledge him, he stared at her with hard eyes until she eventually tilted her head to the side, baring the long line of her neck.  He would allow her this as the she obviously had no idea of how this meeting was going to conclude.
“Yea, sweet pea, we are going to make you cream your frilly knickers, and then you can suck on my paci whilst daddy Winter puts his popsicle in your back pussy and stretches it wide open.”
Boarding school was pivotal in shaping his future behaviour, in order to counteract the ill treatment at the hands of his bullies he began to use his wit and intelligence to fight back as he knew physically he was no match.  Within months his bullies retreated, nobody wanted Tony hacking into their lives and that of their parents causing mayhem.  Unfortunately, this isolated him even further so he turned to bribing and buying time with his other class mates.
“S..Steve l am so sorry for what l have put you through, please don’t leave me, l don’t want to be alone with myself, l’m a horrible, weak person.”
He sees the exact moment when Tony caves to his demand, feels the body beneath him tense as those pink lips part, but there is also trust in those beautiful whisky eyes and a hint of excitement at the forbidden.  He takes his time letting his little alpha get used to the taste and weight of his cock head as he rests it in the opening of Tony’s mouth, he inches forward as he feels him relax and begin to work the underside of his cock with his tongue.  Tony’s attempt is sloppy and messy with no finesse, he has to pull back a few times as Tony chokes when his cock hits the back of his throat.  He whispers words of encouragement, praising his little alpha for being so good and perfect.  Gradually he is able to start with gentle thrusts and build up speed as Tony relaxes more and his throat opens up.  His eyes never leave his little alpha’s eyes, he holds him trapped as he tells him to swallow him down and try not to spill a drop of his Alpha’s cum.  He wills his knot not to form, there is all the time in the world now to train towards that.  He is impressed by how much of his cum Tony manages to swallow before he starts gasping and shaking his head, he pulls back to spray the last of it over Tony’s chest.  Dipping his fingers into the sticky mess he scoops some up and feeds it to his little alpha who tentatively laps at his fingers, still not used to the taste but trying for Steve.  He rubs the rest over Tony’s chest, especially working it into the sensitive skin round his nipples, praising him and calling him his ‘good boy’.
“Shut up BB, you will listen to me and only nod you head in agreement.  You will stay with Darcy until the pups are born, you can do what you want with her as long as you don’t do any lasting physically harm,  I expect you and her to be available whenever I want a hole to fuck.  If you do this, I will ensure that you are placed in a career suitable for you and you will receive a monthly allowance once I am done with you.”
My best friend Mary May was all set to go to college last Fall, got a full scholarship to Yale, couldn’t wait to get away. She hadn’t presented even though she turned seventeen in the July.  Then two days before she was due to leave she got stomach cramps, didn’t think anything of it when her Pa told her that her Uncle would drive her into town to the doctor’s office after he had picked up something from his own house on the way.
“I know little omega, Loki realises this as well, but will try her utmost to make it happen as she doesn’t want to be pussy whipped.
Love for Tony was possible but only if he could be shaped into some semblance of what he wanted and needed.  He may be living in the 21st Century now but the values and believes he was taught as a 1930s Alpha were too deeply ingrained for him to completely change his ways.
Keep Natty hydrated and make sure to finger her cunt wide to help her dilate those last few centimetres.”
Tony stretched and sat up, staring around until his eyes lit on Mummy’s big breasts, he crawled over her huge belly and latched on to one of her thick teats. He moaned as his mouth filled with her rich creamy milk, he had missed suckling directly from her.  Belly full he slid back down between her spread legs and began to lap at her cunt, paying special attention to her clit. Preening at the praise he was receiving for making her moan and squirt her alien pussy milk.
You will learn to give full control of yourself over to your caregiver and in return enjoy the freedom of being loved and wanted just for yourself and not for your money, intelligence or designs.  Your world will revolve around being a well behaved, happy and contented baby for your Daddy, allowing him to love and provide for you as he sees fit, but to also to accept any punishment for bad behaviour the he decides.
She was given the choice, either a twenty-five-year prison sentence or to serve her sentence as an indentured servant to those she had wronged, with no say in how she is treated.
“Mmm mmm tastes so good, want his tits full of milk all the time. Bucky come with us to his appointment and we will see what the Doctors say. “
“Fuck! That is so amazing you have started producing milk already, the Alphas said this could happen after coming into close physical contact with other omegas but I would probably have to wait days to see if you were going to start lactating this early in your pregnancy.
“Head up now, just need to trim and shape the remaining length, Ms’ Romanov do you want the slicked backed style of the softer look?”
At three months she was plump all over and her stomach distended with the four growing pups, the tube feeding and inactivity turning her into a fat wobbly cow.  She had finally broken at four months and begged him to fuck and knot her, the horny bitch unable to stand the burning ache in empty cunt. At five months she would present immediately he entered her cell, her fat cheeks wobbling when he smacked them repeatedly before he fucked her.  Afterwards he would make her suck his still hard cock until he knotted her mouth, the blind panic on her face always made him shoot his load.
Bruce watched through the security feed as May was put through a torturous session with the two Alphas, his cock hard an aching when the poor cow finally blacked out from overstimulation and exhaustion.  Time to retrieve the poor bitch and give her some TLC Hulk style.
They had both laughed over the time Pepper had been so angry and exasperated with Tony during a board meeting for his lack of attention and continual playing on his phone that she had hauled Tony over her lap and spanked him hard with the paddle she kept in her purse in front of all the board members and then made him sit on his hands with the phone wedged in his mouth for the rest of the board meeting.  Tony had been so embarrassed but due to the contract he had with Pepper at that time he could do nothing about it, she had complete control over him in anything to do with Stark Industries as it was the only way he could keep the company in his name.
He then turned his attention to his troubled omega, who’s tear stained face just made him want to bend him over and fuck him hard and fast.   He wanted all those tears for himself, his omega didn’t get to cry unless he made him.
“Thank you Doctor Banner I am very pleased, Tony will be a wonderful omega mother I am sure this will be just what is needed to settle him down and make him realise that he can have a fulfilling life as a bonded omega and mother, without the need for endangering his life with his reckless behaviour and silly notions of being an independent omega who does not need an Alpha.”
