. "I freakin' knew it. Do it, kiss me..." Castiel ducked, moving down Dean's body, to bring his lips to Dean's hip. Castiel's breath tickled Dean's stomach and his lips caressed his hypersensitive skin. Castiel's tongue
Dean weighed her up, weighed her threat, and decided to knock it down a notch. At least until he knew what he was dealing with. "What's in it for you?"
Dean chuckled. "Yeah, it's a wolf thing. I know it's not possible with humans but man I've never wanted anyone so bad before," he breathed.
Castiel made a pained noise. He covered his face with his hands. Smelling he was wet was one thing but seeing it was
His fingers grazed the button of his jeans. The temptation to touch himself, relieve the ache inside him was almost too much to bear. He wasn't very
"This isn't hell," said a deep voice to his right. A deep, gravelly, voice that could only belong to. . .
Castiel's brows pulled together. He peered about the room. He picked up what looked like an old plastic carton painted black with four bottle caps glued to the bottom. Despite the situation, Dean found himself beginning to smile.
Sam had called Dean to let him known he had managed to find a room in a bed and breakfast not too far from the sea. The view wasn't magnificent. Dean couldn't see a great deal because of the scaffolding on a building across the road. There were construction workers milling about and cars trundling down below, bumping over potholes. A chorus of seagulls cried overhead and Dean could smell salty sea air drifting in from the open window.
"Suck me off, Cas," panted Dean, trying to restrain himself from pushing Castiel's head down. Castiel's fingers had
"You think I'm gay?" said Dean. He couldn't believe his ears. All this time his brother thought, no, assumed he was into guys?
as harming or stealing children. His wheel could transform into a toy that the child most liked to play with. He gets his power from happy kids so it wouldn't make sense to kidnap them."
Castiel's face was warming again. He didn't know how to respond. He knew what the answer to the question was. He knew exactly what he was into but he couldn't bring himself to say it.
"Ah," a hand flew out and caught Castiel's wrist. He looked up into the black eyes of another alpha. She had dark hair, pale skin, and a smirk on her face.
Castiel almost stopped him. Almost. But Dean's hands slid underneath Castiel's pants, over his ass and. . .
Slamming his hands together he snarled out a word in a language only meant for Angels to understand. The results of his command? Doors, hoods, trunk lids all separating from their hinges, flying in opposite directions. Engines exploding from their bays, mounting brackets visibly torn from their welds.
Cass had been about to obey Dean’s order to strip and crawl in, when he realized via Dean’s own actions he meant down to his underwear. So removing his coat, his shirt and foot wear he did as he was bid. He wouldn’t have minded being naked but neither of them were up to coupling at the moment. Of course if Dean changed his mind and wish to claim him, he wouldn’t protest. He belonged to Dean, it was his right to have him any time he wished. Still talking would probably be a good idea after all his previous protesting. Laying on top of the bed, he settled himself as comfortably as he could. Just as he was slipping into unconscious he felt the light weight of cinnamon colored feathers coming to rest over him.
“I’m sorry Dean, I’ve tried but something is preventing me from creating any light. Any time I try it instantly goes out and I feel tired.”
The second man, taller by a few inches and extruding even more menace grinned with malice glee. “Hmmm he is not who I thought he was… which is good, will make killing him even more fun.” The second man spoke without the hiss, more of an Irish accent but his glowing red eyes were the same. Thrilled to get a chance to kill more and watch them die in front of their loved ones.
Blinking his eyes open, the orbs returning to their normal cornflower colors. As he had accepted the power of the other man into himself, if his eyes had been open, anyone would have seen the deep midnight and powered blue with a core of pure apple green swirling within them. He stared at the man, watching his wings flap nervously behind him as he waited for his response. Those sharply defined objects of flight were a thing of beauty, they reminded him of a peregrine falcon’s wings. Long, sharp and wicked in flight, capable of reaching speeds unheard of anywhere else in the animal kingdom. They fit Dean and his scrappy fighting style perfectly. Strong, fast, capable of tight maneuvers and getting him to where ever he needed to go fast. Dean was always meant to soar and those wings would be the key to his freedom.
Dean and Cass left the diner quickly, looking around before turning down the sidewalk which would lead them out of town. Not that they were planning on walking that far.
Puck though had not waited to start rubbing it in his nose, that just cause he was an Archangel didn’t mean he was all that. That there were beings out there who were just as good, and much better looking to boot.
Gripping the Angel, he dragged him over towards the parking lot after deciding what they needed. Finding the first bike which could seat two, Sam kneeled down and began hot-wiring it. Throwing a leg over the seat, he snarled at Cass. “Get on, show me where he is.”
Both of them looked at each other nodding. Whipping out cell phones, they took a dozen pictures each. After all if there were no pictures, then it didn’t happen and this was something both of them really wanted Cass and Dean to know happened.
Sam rather than saying anything looked around the garage, taking in all the cars parked within it. His eyes lit up as he spotted the one car he thought would work. “Dean, we could always take the MG.”
The reason why became clear as the sun slide over the mountains, its light hitting the portal they had just walked out of. The magic which had been glowing a silver blue, keeping the door way opened, started to close. As more sunlight hit the portal the doorway continued to solidify. Once the sun finished rising over the mountains the doorway was solid stone once more. And the reason why the cat had hurried became clear. If they hadn’t, they would have been trapped in the tunnel for an entire day. Which would not have done Dean any favors.
“Hmmm very well.” Blowing cool breath over his plump dome, he activated his Grace and slowly blew away the muck from Dean’s belly and cock. He had no interest in lapping up swamp water no matter if he did purify it. Over and over, he blew gently raising goose bumps on Dean’s skin as he continued with his task. Going lower, Dean spread his legs to make it easier for Cass to access the parts they were eager to share. Cleaning the mire from his mate, Cass licked a trail from the base of his cock to the tip, listening as Dean groaned with pleasure. He smiled with pleasure, loving how Dean was just more turned on the more he worked him over.
Observing the way the officers of the law were talking among themselves, the frustration rolling off their auras. “The police must be loving all the costumes.” He smirked to himself, if they were busy dealing with the other people, it allowed them to get Dean somewhere safe so he could rest.
Closing his eyes, he rubbed his face hard with his hands, trying to alleviate some of the tension surrounding his eyes. When he pulled his hands away, he was stunned into silence when his evergreen eyes, met the tired half open ones of a deep whiskey hue. The eyes tracked him slowly, foggy from sleep and lack of food. Shaking his head, Sam realized Gabriel was awake for the first time since they found him. Sliding out of his chair he moved to the side of the Archangel on the bed, lifting a hand to feel his forehead. “Hey you’re awake finally, how you feeling?” He asked gently while he studied the weak Archangel.
‘Probably thinks I have the impala with me. Boy is he going to be surprised.’ Dean grinned to himself as he headed out of town. He pretended to not notice how the man continued to follow, though he did keep further back. It gave Dean enough time to enter the trail head and get a few trees to break the guy’s line of sight. Running to put more distance between him and the man, the hunter spread his wings and shot off into the woods, leaving the man far behind.
“Excuse me?” Rowena looked at Dean with startled green eyes. “Do we need to kill someone? I’m assuming Gabriel probably would not be pleased to have this done for him.”
Lowering his own voice, even as he lowered himself fully next to Dean. Pulling the hunter gently  against his chest once more, “He’s done for the night Sam. The fight pulled more out of him than he had to give, I can feel the energy drain.” He sighed wishing he could do more to help, he could heal his wounds, bring him back from the dead, but what Dean needed was sleep and food. Both those would be in short supply while they had a monster to kill.
Snapping at his stubborn Angel as he switched his gaze to a glare. “Don’t give me that either, I can feel you’re just as hungry as me, but you haven’t allowed me to groom your wings for nearly three weeks now. If you don’t let me do it, I won’t go night flying with you again till you do.”
Snapping his fingers all the radios, cell phones and other types of communication devices blew up in their faces, leaving shards of metal, plastic and glass deeply embedded. Some going so deep as to experience true life endangering blood loss. His mate couldn’t call in an air strike when he needed help, why should these flea-sons do so? They should feel what his mate felt as he suffered over and over. To get a taste of just how much pain his hunter lived with on a daily basis as he protected humanity in his own way.
Dean stared at Castiel, trying to break through the heavy fog coating his mind. Made up of all his emotions, love, hate, Joy, despair, strength, weakness, hope, resignation, though the most dominate of all was his fear that Dean was no longer his or even worst, that Dean no longer wanted him. All this was reflected in the wings Dean had yet to put away, his primaries, secondaries and other feathers flashing constantly as Cass’s emotions ran the gamut.
Giving Gabriel a disgusted look he turned out of the garage, not wanting to let on how much he was intrigued at Gabe’s statement that he had taken men to his bed. A place which was sounding interesting to him the more he was around him. Which also reminded him of the bond connecting them and how it was temporary, how it might even manufacture feelings which were not real. He hated the idea that Gabriel was only liking him cause of a false connection. He wanted more but only if his feelings were genuine.
Moving further down, he nibbled and sucked at his neck, humming his pleasure at Castiel being so quiet, so patient, so calm as he loved him. Licking and pressing his lips against Cass’s throat, nibbling here and there, rarely sucking for it would work Castiel up in excitement and that is the last thing Dean wanted to do. No, he needed to take his time, work his mate slowly to bring him back to sanity. Using his hands he massaged his shoulders, using them as leverage to slowly and calmly rub himself against his mate. Humming approval when Cass lay still below him, growling in disapproval when he became to excited.
Cass sent one last burst of emotion towards him, annoyance and acceptance in equal measure. Dean sent back acceptance and his whole hearted devotion to his Angel, smirking when he felt the sigh followed by unconditional love.
The hunter continued running for at least 20 minutes, only stopping when they came to a small brook, glistening with the first light of the rising moon. Letting go of his friend, Dean watched as Cass stumbled from the sudden release. Flaring his wings, before folding them behind his back, he started asking questions. “Castiel what the hell was that all about? Why did you go off on that guy? Shit dude you launched him clear across two campgrounds, we are supposed to be keeping a low profile, that isn’t low profile.” And while Dean was angry at what happened, he was chiefly concerned over his friend. This was very much out of character for Cass and he didn’t like it.
Dean and Cass looked at each other before following the priest, and the townsfolk of nearly 200 people followed them. He led them out of the motel mini plaza and towards the town square. They walked by tiny business such as a general store, a couple small cafes, a community center with an attached library and school. Dean didn’t fail to notice the cantina and wondered what the bar wenches were like. Not that he was interested in bar wenches, but he knew what Cass would do to him if he showed interest in any of the bar wenches.
It wasn’t like she didn’t know how both men felt about each other, they had been dancing around each other for as long as she had known the both of them. She had talked to Sam extensively on their way through the forest, ignoring Cass’s many eye rolls, growls and sighs. She needed info and needed it quick in order to help both her friends out. Dean was stubborn, but she knew it was because he cared more than 10 men combined, he just didn’t know how to express it. With all the hits he had been taking recently was it any wonder he was getting defensive over being carried? Especially by the man he loved who said they couldn’t be together, for some astronomically stupid reason Cass was refusing to expound on. She hadn’t had a chance to really nag at him so when they arrived at the cave she was hoping to get some quality time with the Angel.
The news both surprised and pleased Dean, his own instincts delighted to hear his mate was taking care of himself, instead of ignoring what his own system needed. ‘I’m glad Cass, so what do you think is happening. I’m not going to be much use if I keep getting sucked dry of energy.’
When he had grown old enough to be on his own Michel had dropped him like a bad habit, returning back to his own interests and pursuits. Which had hurt in a way, after all he was his older brother and been with him his entire life. His other older brothers hadn’t tried to get to know him, not while he had been under Michel’s “care”, and afterward rarely allowed him to tag along on their various adventures. So he had ended up creating his own, and honestly loving it even more than the crap Michael had tried to teach him. It just wasn’t in his nature to try and control everything. He was more chaotic and loved making things go boom.
Sam blew his hair out of his face, really wishing this wasn’t happening right now. He could use all the extra help he could get dealing with their resident trickster. Even if he really was warming up to the idea of quality private time.
“OH HELL NO!!!!!!” He bellowed before he launched himself, ignoring his own injuries, towards those trying to steal what belonged to him. His wings appeared in a brilliant display of pure Holy Light, startling him but he would worry about it later. He gave three beats of his glowing energized wings, then he was dropping down on those who were trying to kidnap his mate. His wings continued to sizzle with Heavenly Wrath, he sliced and diced those creatures ignoring their screams of terror as they were burned by the unexpected power radiating from him.
The Angel of the Lord leaning against one of the pillars, half hidden as he listened to the two argue, tilted his head as he observed Dean. Or more pointedly his wings and the fascinating changes taking place. Carefully keeping his emotions from displaying on his face, still he watched as it didn’t seem to matter. Tilting his head to get a better look, he watched as his hunter’s wings started changing color rapidly. They always started the same, starting from the top and cascading down into different shades for the different types of feathers. It was similar to watching the constant flow of a waterfall, switching between Crimson, Sapphire,Golden colors as the two men argued. But what he noticed is that while the Crimson and Gold switched quickly, the sapphire was slower and was easily over written every time Sam open his mouth.
“I’m sorry Samuel, but I really must be leaving. I’ve other commitments coming up in the next few days.” Rowena stated as she packed her bags.
It was why he started thinking if he could project his own feelings via his wings, people might know what he wanted, without him actually having to use words to do so. It honestly was hard for him to talk about his feelings, he hated doing so and he blamed his father for it. While he loved his dad, he also knew him to be a difficult, stubborn man. Absent for most of his life, leaving him as a four year old to care for his six month old brother, always keeping him on task to look out for him. Telling him over and over he was in charge, he had to protect Sammy while he was gone, hunting for those who had killed their mother. Dean had to do a lot of growing up in a hurry, burying his own feelings of insecurity and fear in the face of making sure his little brother never felt the same. In time it became ingrained into the deepest parts of his heart and mind to keep anything about himself bottled up. That what he felt, that what he yearned for, that what he feared was of little importance to anyone else. He was the protector, the one others depended on to keep them safe. He wasn’t to expect others to do the same to him.
Further afield high up in the mountains where snow had cascaded down in a wave of freezing white death, a new type of snow fell. Each flake if it was to be studied would give the incomprehensible vision of being exactly the same. A crystalline shape of six exactly equal sides for the outer edge, in the center two gently glowing diamonds, inner points over lapping each other enough to protect the single heart to be found within the two golden diamonds. The gently falling flakes landed upon the cliffs and over hangs which had lost their first layer of frozen glaze. The glaze which now coated the peaks of the two most prominent stalwart natural heights, would never fall on another being from this point forward. Never would a life be lost on those two mountain tops for they shared the strength of Angels and Hunters.
“Oh good you’re awake. Here eat this then we need to get going. It's about an hour till sundown and we need to move.” Sam shoved more cooked meat at both men, followed by a couple hand fulls of berries. Turning around he went back outside to finish checking what little gear they had with them.
Snapping up once more, ignoring how his wings changed to a vibrant eager red color. “What? Learn how to use them? Why? When I want them gone? What would be the point?”
All those colors blazing masked how the glitter seemed to light up, mingling with the power contained in the wings created by a spell gone wrong.
“Castiel we do not know if you can…” Dean started, ignoring the projectiles now in favor of butting heads with someone equally as stubborn as him.
Doesn't tie up all the loose ends but I hope it will bring to light some of the little plot twists and turns I had cooking up.
The elder Winchester wrapped his arms around his mate and pressed his head against Castiel’s. ‘Breath mate, just breath, remember I’m yours, I’m here for you. I’m in no danger. We’re in no danger. Breath Castiel, breath for me baby.’
Once done he walked to the side of the car and slowly opened the door, putting his hand out to keep his Angel from spilling out. They really needed to talk but frankly he was too tired to yet. He honestly just wanted to get something to eat, something to drink and pass out for another day. Gently gripping Castiel’s shoulder, he shook him trying to wake him. “Cass, wake up buddy, we’re home.”
“Do you need to carry me in order to do so?” He snapped. What was wrong with him? Even when seriously pissed off at Cass, he wasn’t this waspish normally.
“In the year 1849 they pulled some sort of job and the law was called to finally put an end to them. Marshalls from all parts of the country went after them and eventually were killed. They were starting to become the most feared gang of the year. Vicious, blood thirsty, they enjoyed killing people, men, women, children they didn’t care. Stealing, murdering, they even derailed trains at times for the fun of watching people plummet to their deaths.”
Leaving he went to inform the Royals that more was going on in their court than anyone possibly realized. Especially as a messenger had been sent to inform him of the situation and he never arrived. There could be many reasons for this, but with other instances which had happened over the last several months, only one stood out to him.
“People should be going in and out of those doors. Instead they appear to be milling around confused and scared. I don’t see any real reason as to why they are doing that. But my hunter senses are tingling and telling me trouble is brewing.” He pulled the key and stepped out of the car. Walking to the back he opened the trunk and pulled out the duffle bag they used for jobs. Filling it with basic supplies, salt, iron, holy water and a few others. Gabriel followed him watching as he packed the supplies, then his own eyes widened as Sam loaded up his .45.
“Cass we’ve been over this, you don’t need to punish yourself every time you think you’ve failed me.” He squeezed his oil gland, and rubbed it over a particular batch of feathers which did not want to loosen.
The flight through the woods had been fun and soothing at the same time. Feeling the breeze created as they lazily winged their way over the tree tops, watching the animals they could see startled at the size of the odd birds. Dean still was in awe at home much he had come to enjoy flying, as long as it was under his own power. He still refused to fly on airplanes though at least if it decided to crash he could probably jump out and save a few others along the way. Course Cass wouldn’t permit the plane to go down in the first place. Nah together the two of them would save everyone they could. But either way he still hated airplanes.
Starting the bike once more, Sam followed Cass’s directions, weaving between trunks till he was practically on top of his out cold brother. “DEAN!” He slammed on the brakes, letting the bike drop as he jumped off. Reaching out for his brother, he gently placed his hand on his neck, checking his pulse.
Also his brothers were highly annoyed at his shenanigans, bitching and moaning to both him and their Dad, when he became a little to enthusiastic with his fun. Balthazar hadn’t cared instead helping him with knew ideas, new ways to create, and truly appreciating all the things he made with his power. Egging him on when he was really going to town on being destructive for fun. Giving him drinks and showing him the wonders of the body, by introducing him to things called hookers. Now they had been some really fun times, and he lost his virginity real quick, though thankfully Balth had the good sense to tell him how not to get a human pregnant.
“Hmmm?” Sam asked pointedly not looking him in the eye.  Realizing what the problem was, he growled loudly. “Dude I’m trying to read, can’t you just chill?”
“Very, Dean is very protective of Cass and doesn’t like to see him upset. And Cass adores Dean, the fact he is so upset over Dean trying to help his brother doesn’t sit well with him.” Sam had seen in the few hours they had been home and dealing with their latest complication, how unhappy Castiel had been with himself. He hated the fact he couldn’t stand Dean being with his older brother but had no idea as to why. It was the not knowing which was driving him insane.
Petting his head as he held Dean close. “Yes, I love your wings, but I love you more. Your happiness with yourself is what we are talking about. And Dean I loved you even before you had wings. I’ll love you still when they are gone.”
“Sí.” Castiel answered looking over at the crowd who was still staring at their wings. Turning to Dean he murmured, “Go ahead and put them away Dean, they’ve seen enough and we have other things to do.”
Dean watched his mate sauntered off, still stunned at his comment. Then he grinned as he recovered, for he realized he was teaching his mate well. That no matter the circumstances there was always time for a little flirting with the one you loved.
Hey all I decided I needed another chapter to help tie up a few things dealing with the Fae. The last chapter featured mostly the boys and I really didn't want to take away from that. So decided to write this quick little epilogue instead.
“Yeah I wouldn’t move to much there buddy. You strained your wings and I’m still working on massaging the pain away.” Dean’s voice hit him, instantly relaxing him as he realized he was safe in the room with him. “Here drink this, the lady in the lobby seemed really eager to help out.” He placed a cup of coffee at Cass’s lips, not allowing him to hold it just yet. Helping him to drink till his Angel was more awake. Once Castiel drained the first cup of coffee, Dean handed him a couple gorditas to eat. Taking the cup back Dean refilled it from a thermos sitting on the mini table in front of the only window. Grabbing another plate filled with what looked like potatoes and sausage, he handed both to Cass.
Castiel quickly moving to his hunter’s side, just as worried as Sam, “I doubt he is dead Sam, his wings did light up.” Sitting down beside the wounded man, the Angel did his best to keep his abject horror at the multitude of injuries covering Dean, off his face.
“No I can’t tell if he is moving, distance is to far, only thing I feel is him, and whatever I sensed before.” He dodged as multiple rocks were launched at them, using his Grace to block Dean from being hurt. He really wished Sam would hurry, he wanted to kill these monsters which from what he could tell were only a little higher in the food chain then roaches or scum sucking amoeba. There wasn’t much intelligence in their heads, just a need to kill, feed, breed, repeat.
And because of that Gabriel was even more attractive to him. To have the smaller man have such a profound influence, on the one creature created who could make his perpetually unhappy and discontent brother, finally happy. And after all the shit Dean had endured for his sake, to allow Sam to have as much of a normal CHILDhood as he could. Sacrificing his own youth to give him everything he could, to finally find joy and contentment in the form of a broken Angel, who loved Dean more than life or death itself. If Gabriel’s suspected influence could do that from centuries past, what could he do to make his brother, his brother in law and in the end, himself happy as well?
“Right silly me for asking, okay buddy I’ll fix lunch for everyone. When is Rowena supposed to be here?”
The other issue they had to deal with was Dean not able to wear proper shirts. His wings were positioned just at his shoulders, hindering any chance of getting a shirt over anything. When they arrived Dean would have to remove the bracer so they could get on with the job. Which would then allow everyone to see his wings. After thinking hard, looking online for ideas and contriving a suitable getup, they managed to get on the road.
“No shit asshole. Just keep the noise down if possible? I do want to get some sleep.” Not that he thought his brother would listen.
He made an oomph sound when Castiel snapped out his hands, dragged Dean into his lap and proceeded to kiss the living daylights out of him. ‘Cass?’ He mumbled as he blinked in surprise at the sudden move.
Maxwell swallowed as a shiver of fear went down his spine, he studied the cool blue eyes glowing harshly at him. They were filled with the promise of early death if he even attempted to try it. It reminded him of six months ago when he remembered someone asking what Cass was and the Angel’s response was “I’M PISSED OFF!” He really didn’t want to piss off this man again, especially as he was being instantly reminded of the fact he was not a man but a true blue Angel. An Angel who appeared to be ready to fry him in a second, till his head whipped around and stared at his buddy.
“Soooooo tttttthhhhheeeee mmmmmaaaaannnnn seeeeeekkkksssss toooooo kiiiiiiilllllll uuuussssss.” The stuttering ghost hissed.
Stepping back Cass took a deep breath, shaking the tension out of his body. He could feel his Grace slipping back to his core, needing a break from the intense battle they had just fought. He was tired, though not sleepy and could really do with something to eat.
“Thank god.” Dean turned his signal on and pulled over to the side as best he could, the shoulder was mostly gravel and then ditch. At least his gun was still tucked behind him and the rest of the weapons of course were in the trunk.
Startled at the bold response he tilted his head at the five foot dryad. “I see, then lead me to where I am needed.”
Frowning Dean decided to let the subject drop. “Huh, okay, we’ll just add it to the growing list of we’ll figure it out later. Right now, swim, clean up, food. I’m getting hungry.” He was also tired, very tired from the flight, the fun and making out in the mud. It was a toss up between getting food or getting some much needed sleep after all their activities.
Cass speaking quietly, tilting his head to the side as he looked at the elder hunter. “You don’t remember the events yesterday?”
She pulled the unconscious man to her shoulder where he was instantly snapped up by the Angel riding her. Wrapping Dean in his arms, he placed his hand over his heart, scared it would no longer be beating.  What he found though was a weak, but steady beat, getting slower but as long as it was beating it was all which mattered to him.
Ignoring his behavior as best he could, which meant not at all, Sam glared down at the smiling pain in his ass. “No.”
She raised her frilled head to look him directly in his mithral colored eyes. “I will do so, but I live to serve and always shall, they saved the lives of our people, we can do no less than strive to do the same with them.”
‘Since witches turned me into a dog and all I could scent was a certain annoying prick of a hunter.’ Came his retort.
He was pulled from his muddled pain induced thoughts as something ripped into his second wing, jerking him to a stop mid air, nearly 30 feet from the ground. Throat raw from previous bellows and bitching, he could only manage a grunt while turning his head to find out what was going on. The bitch should have been dead from the silver. What he saw had him swallowing in fear, her eye socket where he had shot her was a furious shade of black slime, coating her entire misshapen face. The silver bullet was lodge in the slime, pushed out of her ruined eye. Her other eye was glaring at him with malevolent hatred, promising him a slow agonizing death for the trouble he had caused her. Promising retribution in the same manner as he had inflicted on her in amounts not known by man.
Once he started there was no going back for him. ‘I love you Cass, I am so thankful you let me claim you. That you claimed me. That you found me worthy to love, that you wanted me. I love you my Angel, my mate, my beautiful other half. The being who is my one and only soul mate.’
Looking at Gabriel, the way he was watching him, the steady gaze with so much emotion hinting in the background. His Angel was holding back certain things, but he had a feeling eventually he would learn what. For now he was going to concentrate on being with him and seeing where this was leading. So far he was liking the journey.
Cass looked at Dean before he suddenly leered with perverted humor at his mate. “And that is where I love having you the most.” Before his shocked mate could respond, Castiel turned and with a spring to his step, headed south.
Frowning, but not wishing to piss off a God spouting nonsense to him, Dean took the rings in hand. One immediately drawing his attention to the point he was sorely tempted to put it on that instant.
And that was the key, Cass didn’t like being spanked if it was to punish him. Digging deeper into their bond he raised an eyebrow at the flow of lust and anticipation simmering within his mate. Dean on the other hand enjoyed a good spanking or punishment, when he knew where the rage came from. It came from someone caring for him, loving him, worrying over if he was taking care of himself. Cass LOVED him, loved him so much that he grew sick when Dean took chances he didn’t need to. And Dean loved knowing someone cared so much for him that they felt the need to punish him for scaring the living crap out of him. Dean was offering up his ass because Cass needed to show him just how much he loved him. He was willing to take those blows, wanting to take those blows cause they were done out of love.
He only stopped when Dean stepped close to him, whispering in his ear. Quietly enough so Sam and Charlie couldn’t hear him, “Cass, if you really hate it that much you can change…”
Quickly responding knowing patience was not a virtue Puck was known for. “Two things Sire, one they were being watched by beings most foul. While we would have happily engaged them to defend the First Son and his Consort, we were prevented.”
“Right, new plan if I see the Winchesters, turn the other direction and hope they go away quick.” He started walking down the sidewalk when a familiar car drove down the street. Smiling as the driver honked at him he waited for them to pull over. The car stopped in the angled slot and soon the door was opening.
Sam gasped as he suddenly woke up, head pounding with the images which had poured through his mind. The nightmare of the hellscape was horrendous and he wondered what he had done to imagine such a place. He had never heard of anything like it, and hoped there was no place like it in real life. But he had a feeling it did exist because he had found Gabriel there.
“Damn it Dean! What if a case comes in? How am I supposed to do a case and look after Gabriel all on my own?” Yet a part of him was very pleased at the idea of being alone with the Archangel without nosy older brother’s poking their nose in his business.
Angling his wings, he shot up high into the sky, pumping furiously to try and reach the two fighters. He could see he was gaining on them, their cries reaching his ears as they continued to fight. Reaching behind himself he grabbed his own Angel blade, wishing he had his gun instead. But sadly wearing little meant it was very hard to hide, so he had gone without. Flying higher, breathing becoming difficult, he flipped in an instant. Bringing his wings in close, he dove, Blade before him as he aimed.
“Yeah I could tell, no doubt it was my rugged good looks of course. I get that a lot, women especially see these lush locks and my slow burn eyes and turn to mush. Men too from time to time, when they actually had the habit of bathing and brushing their teeth.” He grinned as he felt a rush of heat course through him. “Probably also liked all the power to be found in a package such as this.” Then he gripped his crotch and leered at Sam.
“You need me buddy, tell me what’s wrong, what’s going on?” Dean whispered in his ear, instincts he didn’t know he had coming to the forefront. Letting him know the Angel needed to be held for the moment, needed to feel the protection of his still Crimson Wings.
It took so much time, time Dean was invested in making work. He would bring his mate back and assure him Dean belonged only to him and vice versa. He spent quite a bit of time laving his chest with kisses and licks, avoiding his nipples, always projecting calm and love. Serenity and quiet, enjoying gentle touches, finding the pleasure in being worshiped with no hurry. Rubbing his cheeks, his hands, along Castiel’s body, avoiding his most pleasurable points in favor of the spots which brought Cass the most comfort. The spots Dean would stroke when he was upset, when he needed to be held because he was worried or tired. Dean knew every inch of his body and wasn’t shy about hitting those spots.
Running a hand through his hair, grimacing as he pulled it away oily. He would need to take a shower and wash it. “That isn’t good. When is Dean due back? We could really use his help on this.”
Eyes skimming he agreed easily, sidestepping a set of squarish rocks balanced like the ones from that movie Lion King. “Very much so Charlie.” He sighed as he thought of other reasons why they needed to be together.  “I want them together, I really do, Dean and Cass need each other. I don’t think they realize it, but they balance each other in ways impossible to explain. Cass reins Dean in, while Dean makes Cass think outside the box.”
“I thank you much your highness.” Puck stood as he accepted both goblet and a single finger sandwich as high manners dictated. He took a single bite from the sandwich along with a sip of the wine, placing them on the platter held by the silent servant. Once it was whisked away the meeting started.
Standing he turned to the officer while Dean rolled his eyes and pulled out enough cash to pay the bill.
“No Sire, they just appeared within the forest. The Consort appeared to transport them to the largest oak to be found in the area. They spent some time together, even entering the town close by.”
Dean stumbled as he ran into the cat who hissed his displeasure once more. “Dude I can’t see shit in here, you have a black coat in a black tunnel. When you stop I can’t see you okay. Fuck!” Dean snapped back at the beast, tired beyond his endurance. He had been pulling on Cass’s Grace to supplement his energy for the last two hours. Frankly it was the only thing allowing him to stay standing. And boy had he hated having to draw on his power, he wanted to be his partner not his handicap. Course his reward for his impertinence was a swipe of the paw without claws, at least that had Dean banging his head on the wall.
His pale skin was dark in color from bruising, blacks and deep blues covered him everywhere. The only parts which were not where the places still actively bleeding, spilling down his sides even as weakening heart tried to heal itself. There was no place which had been spared from the damage and both boys were hard pressed to figure out what to do next.
“Yes, but in regard to bleeding out, we also would have to find a way to stop the magic from pouring out of you. Right now you are simmering in Witch and Fairy craft magic, mixed with a dash of Grace. If we don’t do this right, if we cut them wrong or the magic spills out and we can’t contain it. This entire building might go.” Rowena explained, trying to persuade him to go with option one. She wanted her sweet boys to get together just as much as Charlie and Sam, but she knew Dean wouldn’t see it that way.
Then came two points of pressure on his own shoulders, followed by a tingling sensation and he knew Dean had entered into the fight. Dean was sharing his own power with him, giving him the final boost he needed, the Grace which was constantly stored in his wings. Slowly the energy came to him, and he welcomed it, for he had expended much today. It was enough for him to finish restoring his body to the shape it once was in. Even his hair had started to grow back but Cass wasn’t going to worry about hair, not when he could feel Dean faulting behind him, matching his own exhaustion.
“No Dean, I mean we go out this morning, stretch our Grace touched wings and for the first time fly side by side as I have always wished and dreamed to do with you.” He smiled at getting to experience something so profound between them.
“Seriously? Right next door?” Not pleased in the least because it meant he would be listening to howls tonight.
“What does that mean?” Dean growled, he really wanted to finish this job. He was tired, needed space to think, and was upset. He also felt the need to get away from the celestial creature, he was starting to rub all his nerve endings raw. He also was starting to feel something boiling in his stomach. He was hungry again, and was craving a really rare steak.
Dean sighed feeling the changes in Castiel as he worked, his mate was slowly coming down from his panic and fear and it felt marvelous to him. He still had a long way to go, Cass wasn’t out of the woods yet but he was getting closer. In another few hours he would have his mate back and that would be the best thing ever.
She glared back at him, before finally getting to the point. “You and Cass would need to have sex.” Her cheeky attitude was back. “Like full on bareback screwing, bumping nasties, getting it on, copious amounts of booty banging, balls deep buggering, hot beef injection, the horizontal bop, jiffy stiffy, riding the flagpole, playing hide the salami,…” She was bouncing in place eyes lit up with perverted glee as she sounded off.
Leaning down he gave him a kiss after each proclamation, “It means you’re mine, mine to love, cherish, worship, devote myself to. It also means I have the right to protect and defend what is mine.”
“Cass you're not answering man. Tell me you okay?” Sharp green eyes looked at him with worry. Arms tight around his friend, even as his chest started complaining about his own share of dead fairy.
Body quivering in stress and relief he shook his shoulders free of his twitching black wings. Gripping Dean once more he pulled him towards his chest as he rolled back in his nest of pillows. “Take me Dean, claim me, I need you to claim me. I need to feel you, be with you. Please.” He begged, instincts continuously screaming in his head to have his hunter claim him. To be taken as was right and proper by the man who was the other half, the better half of his heart and soul.
And there it was, the reasons why Sean did the things he did to his bank. He somehow found and took care of his brothers. But wished no one to know, the question now was what happened to Sean, and to salt and burn those bodies. Shouldn’t be to much trouble if he could just get down there. But first he had to take care of the people. “Okay listen I’m going to go and deal with the ghost problem. But I’m going to need everyone to stay in this room. Anyone need to go to the bathroom?”
“Cass why do my wings keep changing to purple?” Dean asked, even as he worked at moving his wings. From the way the Angel’s face turned as red as his wings now were, he knew his friend had something to do with it. “Cass?” He turned puzzled green eyes towards his best friend, head cocked to the side.
Sam turned to give him a sly smile. “No, I would never do that.” The innocence just oozed out of him.
Gabriel stared for a moment at Sam’s comment, before a large grin broke on his face. “Help, definitely help with ripping his ears off. Puck has always been a thorn in my side over the years.  Would be so nice to finally get some of my own back.” He picked up a dagger and twirled the pointed end on his finger. Then stared as it started bleeding. “What the hell?”
Sam watched as Dean finally settled down to take a much needed nap on the air mattress. It had been like pulling teeth to get him to do so willingly but Sam managed it. Cass wisely had stayed out of it while the brothers argued over if Dean needed it but in the end, Sam won. It helped the elder hunter finally had a full belly and was feeling the effects of it. They had brought the meat in and Dean hadn’t hesitated to start butchering it out. Starting a fire to cook it had been a bit problematic, till Naoko had rolled her eyes and simply assumed her larger form in the fire pit. The tinder had caught and soon they had a respectable fire going for cooking. Taking a few flat rocks he placed them in the fire itself to act as cast iron pans, not the best but it was all they had. Slicing off thin strips he set about cooking the meat in a manner Sam had always been in awe of. Sure he could cook meat over a fire, but Dean managed to do so with little to no seasonings handy. They had salt of course, but to find wild spices was a trick he had never mastered like Dean had.
Breathing harshly, blood singing in his vessel as he felt himself getting closer to that ultimate release, “Shit Dean, I’m so close, so very close.”
He flipped himself in the air, his wings nothing more than blazes of deadly energy, propelling him through the masses of demons trying to stop him. He spotted those who were trying to get around his position. Instantly he was diving towards them, Angel blade singing through the deformed bodies of evil. Guts went flying, lodging in his hair, his clothes, blood his own or his enemies he wasn’t sure and didn’t care. He felt completely rested as he attacked those who were keeping him from his other half. Snarling in fury, Dean didn’t stop as black eyed minions stabbed him, Castiel’s Grace shining through his wounds, healing him in an instant. He would not fail his mate, he would not stop till he had retrieved what belonged to him. Dean vowed to follow Castiel straight to hell and beyond if they made it to the opening he was blocking them from.
Immediately she purred before standing, pointing with her chin to her back in a clear indication to put the deer on top of it. Once Sam had done so, she also indicated Charlie was welcome to join her. She declined, fresh killed animal not a travel companion in her mind. Together they returned to their small little camp, food in hand and ideas simmering as to how to get the hunter and the Angel together.
“Damn it Dean, do that again.” Castiel hissed with pleasure, the feel of Dean’s hand gripping him, so right so perfect. He could feel his hunter’s smile against his cheek and he loved it, craved to make this man his, to be claimed by this man. This most perfect man, who had won his heart.
Holding on tight, trying to keep from losing what little self control he had left. ’I don’t know if I can do this Dean. My mind it won’t let it go. You’re in danger, we’re in danger and I DON’T KNOW WHY!’ He cried in his mind as his nerves broke. He shook deep into his body, Dean feeling the tremors coursing through him. Holding tight he worked on bringing Cass under control.
“It is for now, it’s between me and Cass, now drop it.” He looked up as he heard the familiar foot falls of his brother.
‘What happened to you man? Who did this to you? If you can tell me, know I’ll do everything in my power to kick his ass.’ He shuffled Gabe one final time before following his brother, not noticing the final feeling in the back of his mind. No one messed with his family.
Sam standing back, trying not to breath or move for that matter, not wishing to break the mood the two men were in. He knew the bond they shared, and wished more than anything they would actually do something about it. But since they wouldn’t, it naturally would fall to him to figure out a way to bash their heads together, at least till they understood what they needed from each other. The fact Dean was leaning his head against Cass’s, eyes closed as he relaxed, was a good indication as to what they meant to each other. Course Dean was also recovering from smashing into a steal reinforced concrete wall, so he was needing the healing the Angel was giving him. Cass, he could tell, was more than in favor of the way he was supporting his brother.
Sam stumbled at her last sentence. “What Charlie oh hell no, I am not telling my brother he needs to “shag” Cass.” Just the thought made him sick, his brother’s sex life something he never liked thinking of.
“Freeze put your weapons down!” A female officer shouted, she was maybe only a little over five foot, with blond hair pulled back in a sensible bun. She was also just starting to show the start of a bump in her belly, she was expecting.
Breathing crimson dust from his nostrils at the portal he closed it, sealing it once more with his venom. The God then turned his iridescent eyes towards Dean, who swallowed and stayed as still as a shining winged human could, while flying over 1000 feet in the air. The ancient guardian slid through the air as if he was a snake on the earth, his wings barely moving yet throwing wind powerful enough to topple trees. It stopped before him, nose only a few feet from his chest, then took an extremely deep breath, inhaling every scent found on Dean and learning everything about him in an instant.
“DEAN what the hell is going on.” Grabbing desperately at anything he could get a grip on, Dean’s jacket being the closes thing.
He watched as Cass thought about lying but his wings gave him away, changing to a light gray.  Finally the Angel huffed out a breath. “Sam, Dean needs more food. You have anything else?”
“Oh what kind of confusion and bullshit?” She looked up at a tree wondering if it was the kind to have nuts.
Dean staggered as he landed on what appeared to be a tree branch. The clues of birds shrieking at their sudden appearance, the wobbliness of their landing and the scent of pine, leaves and outdoors, all combined convincing him of the odd location. Not that he was given much time to dwell on his surroundings because they changed once more as Cass flared his wings out wide. He felt Grace being released all around them, and once again surprised by what happened next.
“Yep, playing the lead role in Gone with the Wind in our drama class.” Erik said with pride, angling his face to give Sam his best profile.
Puck waved his hand and the dryad flew back into a stand of stout popular trees. “I don’t wish to hear your excuses. You failed at your job to keep the monster from causing to much damage to both. You will be punished for this.”
It took about 10 minutes before the first course was brought out. By a much older lady, blond hair tied up in a pony tail, blue apron over her jeans and diner logo t-shirt. She put the drinks and platter down before saying the rest of their food would be out in probably another 10 minutes. Also to call out for her if they needed anything, Erik had a family emergency and needed to leave all of a sudden.
But once they did finish, oh Cass was happy as a bee in a flower shop. Because Dean SMELLED like him, and boy did he enjoy that. The Angel after they did a grooming on him, would stand practically on his heels to be able to sniff him all day. It had annoyed him at first, but Castiel explained it just made him silly happy to know he had helped him feel better. He had melted at the words, he knew that Cass hadn’t had a lot to be happy about in his life recently. To know he had made the man happy sent shivers down his spine and he wiggled in joy.
Not waiting for Dean to respond, the heart heavy Angel left the hunter to his own heart broken thoughts. He honestly wanted to be done with this job and find a cure for Dean’s wings. It was getting to be too much to see all his emotions easily showcasing what he was feeling, what he wanted, and yet he couldn’t have. It stabbed him more than an Angel blade would, he was in so much pain to be so close to the one being he loved more than anything else in the cosmos.
Looking at his mate, he was ecstatic to see it as Castiel’s body began to heal itself rapidly. His Grace returning to him through the bond they shared, and had used to flee in the first place. It was a passing thought, but he wondered why the Angel’s power did it in the first place.
Cass after being woken, left Sam to watch over his elder brother, making his way down the hallways to his own shared room. Dean had been suspiciously absent in his mind for the last fifteen minutes or so. Tight shields around his mind not allowing him in, which meant he was up to something and didn’t want Cass to know about it. Wondering what he could be up to, knowing it was sure to piss him off if it caused Dean to not take care of himself, he grumped his way the last few hundred feet to their room. Lifting his head he tried to hear where Dean might be, concentrating as he listened intently though the door. It was as he thought, his mate was inside, his heart was beating faster than normal which meant he was probably doing something he shouldn’t have been.
Giving him one last raised eyebrow and suspicious eye, Cass did as he was asked. Dean set to work grooming his mate’s wings and while they may not need to be groomed as often as his, they still needed regular maintenance. As he suspected they were in need of a good overhaul, with split, cracked and twisted feathers mixed up among the healthy and properly set feathers. Settling to his task, Dean was gentle with each black feather, putting them back into place. As he did so could feel the tension leave his mate. It was as he thought, Cass was overall irritated because his wings had been irritating him. Most of the feathers he was needing to clean, redirect or some he had to just pluck were coated in a sticky residue which just screamed their last job. Dean had been forced to defend himself taking some heavy blows before Castiel had shown up and killed the were-cats. No doubt not grooming his wings was his version of punishing himself for failing to protect his mate.
“Which would have brought dishonor upon us to allow one of our Princes to pass at such a young age.”
Steadying his breathing, Puck calmed himself. The Captain was correct, Castiel would consider them a threat to his mate and himself. But the problems they had now due to them using the Corridor was annoying. They could be anywhere in Central or South America now. “Fine, we’ll take another entrance and track them. The Corridor should have a record of who has traveled recently through it. I’ll access it and we can join them.”
He knew instantly when Cass returned to his side, he also could tell he was highly upset at what Dean was thinking of doing. He was going to need to convince Castiel that he needed to do this and that everything would be okay. His Angel came to him, entire body stiff as he knew what Dean was about to tell him wasn’t going to make him happy. Not able to stand just how upset his mate was, Dean deployed his wings, reaching for Cass and bringing him to his chest. Holding him close he wrapped him in the warm loving scent of his wings as he rubbed his hands down Castiel back. “Shhh baby, it's okay, everything is going to be okay.”
Cas just nodded, and tightened his hold minutely. He was almost afraid to do so; the last thing he wanted was to harm Dean. For a brief second, he believed he had. Dean made this bit off grunt, but then he also started rocking his hips harder.
As it turned out, J lived in a pretty seedy area. It was an apartment off of an alley, and even though it was early afternoon, the sun didn’t reach down here and it was shady and dark. Dean was looking around out the windows.
“Cas, you haven’t met Charlie, come here.” Dean pulled Cas over so he was standing behind Sam’s other shoulder. Charlie waved.
But suddenly, Cas pulled back with a hiss. Dean looked to see what was wrong and realized he’d touched his arms, and hit the bruise there.
On the far wall, there was a low shelf, full end to end in gardening books. It was completely covered in dust, except one place where a thick text had obviously been pulled out. They walked over and Dean pulled it out.
He made the shooing motion again, and Dean grumbled and turned so he was at least on his pillows this time. “Whatever plan you’ve got in mind, Cas, I hope it’s a good one.”
Dean was still unsure about Cas walking around by himself, but sure enough, about ten minutes later, he came into the kitchen. Moving slow, sure, but steady on his feet.
Dean came first, a long heavy moan and a feeling of warm stickiness between them. He all but collapsed on Cas, but he reached down and took hold of him in his hand. Cas shuddered. It was a whole different sensation, and as Dean rubbed him up and down, his cock already wet from where Dean had came moments before, it didn't take Cas very long to reach his own climax.
Hours later, after they’d kind of been digesting everything, Sam was still looking at different things like he’d never seen them before. And he’d started crying at a commercial for fabric softener. He kept opening old books and sticking his nose in them. It was just all kinds of weird, and it kept getting weirder until he finally passed out on his bed.
Dean's response of, "that's all I ask," was murmured against Cas's mouth. His kiss was deep, warmth and infinite fondness flowing through it. They stood there for several minutes, simply kissing, the pyre hot and crackling next to them.
He wandered over to a shelf and pulled out a box and opened it. Dean held up a zip lock bag about a quarter of a way full of white power.
Dean glanced over at Sam, who just shrugged. He put the handgun in the waistband of his pants and yanked the door open and pulled the woman in quickly.
Sam just glared at him. “Look. I’ve hunted plenty with you, Sam, and I’ve hunted plenty with Cas. But you two haven’t worked together a lot. You know, without me along. So if all three of us are gonna be hunting together in the future, which we are, then we need to be a team. Know each other’s strengths and weaknesses. So think of this as a…bonding experience.”
Charlie, Kevin, and Garth were all also in a tense silence. This was going to be one hell of a rescue mission. And everyone had a right to be nervous. They could see about twenty people milling around the perimeter, expecting Sam and Dean to come busting in, doing something crazy. Well, it was crazy. And there were parts of this he didn't entirely agree with, but Dean had been insistent.
Dean snapped his fingers. "It's perfect! I can't always be bothered to pick up chicks, and I know you gotta lonely sometimes. This way..."
Cas walked down the street Lucifer/Sam following close behind. He heard the music soon enough, a song he recognized from Dean’s music collection that he’d heard Dean sing along with tunelessly for years.
Sam frowned. “I very seriously doubt that. I mean, for a spell, Metatron probably used the whole thing, and even if he didn’t, won’t Cas need
the haunting was a young woman from the early eighteen hundreds, who was a member of one of the first hunting families.
“Well, let’s hope anyone who’s with her isn’t one of those guys.” Dean tried to smile encouragingly, but it did little to give Cas much hope. It would take someone much more powerful than three humans to stop Ruth and any with her.
Dean cleared his throat. “I was speeding, driving way too fast. I came around a curve and you were standing there and I couldn’t stop in time. You’ve got a bad concussion, almost fractured your skull. And you did break both wrists, so you needed casts till they heal. And you’re scraped up real bad. I’m…I’m really sorry, Cas.”
Dean glanced at Cas and just caught him rolling his eyes. “That sounds a little suspicious, don’t you think? Your lack of cooperation might be seen as you hiding something.”
, he was able to concentrate better. Cas was pale, blood was pouring down the side of his face, and he was holding on to his right arm.
snake looming over them. At least ten feet above them, hissing and glaring, like it was about to strike.
Everything was ready, Cas had the incantation in front of him, Dean had made two of his delicious cheeseburgers and a chocolate milkshake with the promise that if Death didn’t kill them he’d make more later, and all the spell ingredients were ready.
Sam just 'hmm'ed at him. There were wires and little metal pieces all over the floor. It was still early in the evening, so Dean settled on the bed and tried to find something good on T.V. Cas sat next to him and pulled out the book Charlie had given him.
The next evening, just as it was starting to get dark, the three of them drove out to the rail yard. In most of the accounts Sam had gathered, the elephant had been buried out towards the edge of the yard, so the plan was to scan out and work their way in.
He heard a smack and Dean making an ‘oof’ noise. As near as he could tell, Cas had hit him in the chest.
He cleared his throat again, louder. He was clearly embarrassed. Castiel wasn't much better. Both of their erections had wilted some, and Cas wasn't sure the situation could be saved.
Dean was still hurting, but he was able to drive now. “Okay, so tell me, how is this our kind of case?”
him, Dean. And she seeks revenge for that and also for my destroying Heaven. She would kill us all.”
When Dean was finally able to get him to stop talking, Quang pointed them towards the room, but he wouldn’t come in with them. He was still terrified to go back in there.
It was about alien abductions, very fascinating information. Dean had told him to 'stop reading that dumb-ass horseshit'. Sam had rolled his eyes, but then asked to borrow it when he was finished.
“Yeah, when I was still drinking half my body weight and was afraid they’d tackle me and make me ‘reform’, or whatever.”
After Dean got back with their food and they did a double check that everything had been packed up, they loaded the trunk. Cas had already opened the back passenger door, but Sam stopped him. “Hey, sit up front for a change.”
Cas frowned, matching Dean’s angry expression with his own. “Yes. I do. I unchained him from you after
Dean sighed. “I guess I should explain first. I managed to stop Sammy from finishing the trial. Just in time. But he got a lot worse, he was coughing up a lot of blood, so I knew I needed to get him to the hospital. We left the church and were about to get in the car when the angels started falling. Sam wouldn’t leave without Crowley, so we all got packed up and left.”
They’d both slept the whole trip back from Wyoming. Dean had driven straight to the bunker, not bothering to stop for anything short of beef jerky, coffee, and gas.
Lincoln Adams’ house was the only one on the street with a ramp outside the front, leading to the front door from the flat driveway which led past the front yard, which was pretty grown over.
“I noticed.” He looked around. “Hey. We are all alone, and Sammy’s gonna be gone awhile. You wanna…” Dean motioned to the backseat.
Since then, the little scrap of paper had been moved around from inside of book to book, always hidden except for when Castiel would pull it out to read it, possibly add to it, and then dismiss it.
Dean looked over, and Cas had a small smile on his face. “You prayed for her life to be saved. Two months after you left her town, she went for a checkup and the tumor in her brain had completely disappeared. Her mother thanks the Heavens every day.”
Only moments before, Dean had been sweet, slow. Not so now. He pressed against Cas's body, rutting their pelvises together with no preamble whatsoever.
Death sipped on the milkshake. “Castiel, once again you will try to attempt to do something, that the consequences of which would be…undesirable. Should you open the Cage, and let Michael out he will also free his brother, and the Apocalypse that you three sacrificed so much to prevent would happen. Besides, the last time Michael saw you, you burnt him. He may not be happy to see you again.”
place where you are the farthest from decent salt water that is possible. You couldn'ta inherited a fortress on the Delta?"
He eventually ended up in his room, laying down on his bed and looking up at the ceiling because that’s all that he felt he could do.
Castiel walked through the woods for a long time. Under normal circumstances, he would have been able to tell how long he had been walking by judging the movement of the Earth under his feet and the barely perceptible movement of the stars and the moon. The only movement he was able to feel now was the persistent trudging as he made his legs keep moving forward. He had to keep going, find some form of civilization before he passed out.  He could feel his breathing becoming heavier; almost all the muscles in his vessel- no,
“Sister Brigitta…” This chick had to be at least as tall as Sam and reminded Dean more than a little of Lydia.
"I...okay, Cas, I get it. But...I just wanted something simple that night, with someone I didn't know, no feelings whatsoever. You get what I'm sayin'?"
His voice was heavy as he led Cas out of the room and into the other room. The room that might have been his. “Here. Lay down.”
Dean started walking again. “We are not dealing with demons. They’re bad news, or didn’t you learn that the last time you worked with them?”
Cas had already drained the glass of water and got another one. Crowley texted Sam soon after that he’d be back in the morning, so he went to bed. He saw Cas duck into the room that would have been his if he’d stayed in the Bunker.
He almost laughed at how all the blood paled from Cas’ face and then went back up, making him blush. It was still so weird when he got embarrassed by something.
By the time he’d gotten home from the store, Dean had already been bitched at twice, the first time for trying to fling holy water at Meg, and the second time for luring her into a Devil’s Trap, neither of which did anything.
It was out of town, but not nearly as far out as the Meyers’ house. Like Cas had described, there were seven trailers parked in a big circle, with what looked like a bonfire spot in the middle. All the trailers were painted bright colors and it just seemed like a mini-hippie commune.
He dug deeper, going into less conventional territory. Two alien sightings, and a few people claiming to have seen the ghost of Davy Jones. The Monkee, not the pirate. Sam sighed; it looked like this was a bust.
Cas didn’t pay much attention to what else was said as he flipped through the pictures. He recognized the landscapes, some buildings, amusing historically inaccurate tourist locations. Then he came across some pictures of places not usually visited by tourists.
Dean knew that it was going to be a bitch of a day almost immediately that morning when they pulled up the drive to where the seventh victim had lived. The driveway was bumpy and sandy and seemed to take forever to get down, and then when they could see a rambly looking house, he had to stop because there was a gate across with a big sign saying ‘No Motor Vehicles Past This Point’.
Sam rolled his eyes and pushed the office door open. The secretary gave them a suspicious look. “May I help you?”
Dean groaned and leaned into the steering wheel, accidently making the car honk, and scaring an old lady walking down the sidewalk. Sam couldn’t stop laughing for a while after that.
He closed the book. “Sound familiar? Strong men, hair shorn, eyes gone, names suspiciously close to Samson?”
Lacy lived in a community made up of about ten or so houses, all with four apartments in them. Her’s was an upstairs apartment, and Sam and Cas kept watch while Dean picked the lock on the door.
, and all set to go out and get it on with waitress-chick. Now here, take care of her, you understand?”
Dean just crossed his arms and Cas wouldn't look up from the floor. Sam looked back and forth between the both of them, waiting to see who would be the first to break. It ended up being Dean.
He paused to laugh. “Yeah, that would’ve gotten him really far. He was involved in a war protest group at the school, and went to a bunch of rallies and stuff. His roommate…”
Sam shook his head but picked up the most recent one, then they went into the living room and crowded on the smallish couch.
He released a small, humorless chuckle. "My battery died, man. We're in The Middle Of Nowhere, Montana, it's..."
He was still looking the thing over. “In a way, you’re right. This was made shortly after what you call the second world war, in a celebration of Israel becoming its own nation.”
He had leaned his head so he was resting on the edge of the tub and was doing that cute squinty thing he did. “Hell, I don’t know either.”
Dean couldn’t help shuddering. “That’s only gonna lead to a whole world of pain, for everyone. Lilith was a bitch when she was in control, but that chick is flat out insane.”
He looked at Sam and Dean. “I have no idea what the significance of that is. Or their petrification.”
Cas grabbed at his wrist, and his hand burned. “Don’t. I made Crowley promise not to make any deals with you or Dean.”
“No. If there’s awesome, cursed sunken treasure, you’re going to need a scuba diver. And I’m certified!”
She looked at him sadly. “I wish I knew, Brother. I…I have not quite mastered the device, but I tried to look it up on the Google…”
Cas chuckled, the first time Dean had heard him laugh since learning about his Grace. “My assignment was to watch over you, more or less from afar. They did not tell me why, and I never questioned my orders, but it was obvious you were important. There were times I was called away, in times of trouble, but I have witnessed a good deal of your life. That is why I was the one to pull you out of Hell. I was tuned into your soul more than any other angel, and I found you quickly.”
Dean groaned and flopped back down, pulling Cas with him, and he latched on Cas' neck. "Cas. You're sure?"
"I...Understand that this is out of the norm. I am not who you are used to. However, I believe that if we work together, we can get to the motel with no incident. Okay?"
That actually got a small laugh from Cas. Lettie showed up with a few bottles of ink. “Which shade, Hun?”
There was silence all the way back to the bunker, and Dean didn’t let go of his iron hold on Cas’ arm for a second. He got to the door and knocked. One tap, three counts, three quick taps, two counts, two taps.
Dean knelt down in front of him and cradled his face, making him look up. Cas was breathing, but it was ragged and harsh. He'd probably shredded his vocal chords. "Cas? You in there?"
Cas smiled at him. It wasn’t his usual smile either, this one had a hint of teasing to it. “If I remember correctly, one night when you thought I would be dead the next day, you promised me you weren’t going to let me die a virgin.”
He looked nervous and was doing that thing where he picked at his nails again. “I’m not intruding, am I?” His eyes darted towards the record player.
She turned as Cas burst his way in, and made a serpentine hissing noise. She had dropped the attractive blonde look, now looking more like an animated and mummified corpse.
Cas sniffled again, but didn’t say anything. Dean pulled away and took his hand. “Come on, I’ll help you get into bed.”
But Dean pulled away, an amused twinkle in his eye. "Yeah? That, uh...Is that something you think about?"
He closed his eyes again; this was way more intense than he thought it would be. Cas was moving, doing something. He’d gotten some lube on the other hand and starting stroking up and down his dick, still hitting the spot inside every so often. Dean was reaching the point where he was close to losing control within a few minutes. He knew he was blabbering and groaning loudly, and God only knew what he was saying. There were stars behind his eyes, a huge overwhelming squeeze in his balls, and he was
There were twelve bodies, seven men and five women. They were in various poses, all kneeling, some leaning back on both ankles some on only one knee. They all had some kind of markings, but they were different from person to person. The only other thing they had in common was that either their hands and faces were raised up or their heads were bowed and their hands were about an inch from their faces, as if they were crying. And all twelve of them had their eyes burned out.
Dean pulled out on to the road. “However long it takes to sweep the places. Why? You got a hot date or something?”
Dean was now out getting them all breakfast before they checked out of the room, and Sam had shoved a red hat on, and was grateful that almost none of his hair showed, and it covered his ears.
Something dripped on Cas' forehead, and Dean realized he was silently crying. He remembered he was supposed to be talking to Benny, but he had started up a conversation with Sam.
He held his hands up. “No offense. It’s just…This is a peaceful place. We don’t have much normal crime, and I ain’t never seen…”
“Fine. I’m thinking that this time tomorrow we could all be rotting corpses here in this stupid bunker, and I’m not down with that.” He huffed, but Cas just tilted his head at him and squinted slightly.
Over the next week there was more kissing and sitting together on the ratty old love seat. Cas had cried when Spock died, and Dean didn’t want to ruin the plot line, so they had just laid there together, all cramped up, kissing gently until Cas had mostly forgotten what he was so sad about. Then he had socked Dean in the arm for not telling him that Spock was going to be resurrected.
Sam still looked confused. “So…You die. And you either go to relive your greatest hits, or you spend eternity at a camp where you have to play BINGO every other day, or you live out your worst crimes?”
Dean jumped, then turned the volume up a couple of notches. He listened, then a small smile pulled at his lips. "Yeah?"
Dean sat at his right side in a fold out chair. “Not gonna lie. It’ll hurt some. But you can grab my hand if you want.”
Dean managed to breathe out a weak laugh as Cas tried to get a little bit closer, and he somehow weaseled his hands up the back of Dean’s shirts.
First Dean showed him a hand gun, how to take the magazine out, how to put the safety on and off, how to load it, all the good stuff.
They pulled into a perfectly paved driveway with a perfectly manicured yard. Dean shivered again. “Seriously, I hate it here.”
He checked his watch. "Two twenty-six A.M. You're stuck in The Middle Of Nowhere, Montana with me, post-wraith, doing laundry..."
When he came in, they bolted the door shut, just like they always did and Dean had everyone turn out their pockets. Sam reached into his jacket pocket and groaned.
Dean did it again and Cas felt his erection jump, twitching heavily in Dean's firm hand. "Yeah, come on, Cas. That's it."
The food came soon afterwards, and Delilah winked at Sam when she put his plate in front of him. He was still gawking at her.
Dean paused stirring and turned to where Sam was at the dining room table on his laptop. Benny had left Dean some recipes and over the past couple of days he'd been trying some of them out. "Huh?"
Dean felt something icy cold run through him and he felt nauseous at the same time. He pulled his head back so he could see Cas’ face.
She rolled her eyes. “It sounds all fancy when you say it like that. And, I’m not exactly into, you know…Normal stuff. Uhm. Reggie had, like,
They walked for a few minutes before Sam spoke up again. “Hey, after we get this one cleared up, why don’t we call it a day? We’ll have six, then we’ll do the other six tomorrow.”
Cas looked over at Dean, sleeping quietly. He was at peace, and Cas felt a familiar warm feeling spread through him knowing this. The warm feeling had been happening more and more often around Dean. Dean, who seemed to have forgiven him
Benny sighed over the phone. “I know a guy who’ll probably lend me his sailboat. But you sure you know what we’re doin’?”
“Ruth, the Archivist?” He could not remember an angel he’d met by that name. Of course, all their voices sang together in the heads of the angels, and they all knew all their names, but not every angel had met every single one of their brethren.
The next day was an early start and bacon sandwiches for breakfast before they hit the road. Sam called Garth to warn him that he would probably be getting a call from the Sheriff’s office.
He just paced some more. “Every angel that fell lost some amount of their Grace. Most of them lost all of it, and their vessels died when they crashed. It was a good night for my reapers.”
Cas gently shook his head. “I got possessed by a witch and almost killed you. I don’t consider that a ‘good job’.”
It took Sam and Cas four days to find him. Cas had his neat-o locator spell, but the demons were on top of it, and they kept moving around. When they did catch up, Dean had been beaten, whipped, cut, and burned.
He looked back. Dean was glazed over and absently singing ‘A Whiter Shade of Pale’ along with the radio, but only getting half the words right.
Cas was heavily focused on his sketchpad now. "No. They couldn't have harmed me. They were defenseless. And Kerubiel…A Bond Mate is sacred. By the laws of Heaven, Ruth had every right to do what she did, and she should have killed me."
Dean didn't say anything; by now, Castiel didn't have look to know that Dean was making a mocking face at him. There was a silence, and Cas took it as permission to reopen his book. Dean took out his phone soon after, playing some game that caused him to curse under his breath every other minute or so.
"Right. And then over the years you got more and more close to us, and you were my best friend. You're still my best friend. I try not to let myself have friends, you know that."
Sam was back at the motel, left with only a pair of boxers that were actually Castiel's. He'd stayed behind because the wraith had banged his shoulder pretty badly, and he had a nasty bruise on his cheek.
He cleared his throat, not being able to turn away from the cases. “P.T Barnum. He, uhm, claimed to have possession of a real mermaid and people paid to see it. It was a hoax of course, but people still came.”
He paused. “But, Link, uh…He was in the grass, kneeling, looking up. A good ways from his chair. Halfway between his chair and the shed.”
Cas wasn’t saying anything. “So…You two are okay? I don’t have to threaten anyone to make you guys talk to each other?”
He waved him off, obviously still more than a little buzzed. "Whatever, man. Just...Dean's doing what he needs to do."
Gabriel crossed his arms and actually looked a little nervous. “He wants to see you guys. All three of you.”
The brothers made half hearted attempts to call him back, but he ignored them, the rest of his fries now cold at the table.
Sam turned the car off, and Dean continued singing along to ‘The Wall’ even with the radio off, so he figured he’d be okay for a few minutes.
Dean huffed. “Her neighbor Nora found her. She saw water coming down the driveway and went to check. Linda was watering the plants at the side of the house when it hit her.”
He chose to sit on the bench that Dean had made, while Dean himself had laid out a blanket in a patch of sunshine not far away, and he was resting there, wearing a pair of sunglasses.
“Ah, wear and tear mostly. But no one was there to help me groom, so...They got bad. People started killing themselves. I went to my cave to starve myself to death, or wait to get killed by a hunter. But then Cas came. And he told me he could help.”
Cas dropped his hands and frowned. “Without going into detail, let’s just say I drove through a wall. Now, go find a mirror and see how they look.”
The day before he was supposed to pick Sam up, Dean went on an appropriate supply run. The doctors had told him Sam would still need a high-protein diet to finish healing up and get his strength back, so Dean loaded up on meat and eggs and lots of vegetables and fruits because Sam would be bitching if he was on a meat and eggs only diet. He also got about five jars of tasteless, clear protein powder.
“Hey. I know it’s your private get away, but would you mind showing us that place you were telling me about? Behind the bunker?”
He accepted the paper, and walked away, handing back in his tools. As soon as Cas was cleared of the park, he pulled out his phone and redialed the last called number.
She patted her stomach. “Caleb knew he’d be taken out of his Momma’s will. And he wanted that money so our daughter and us would be secure. So we were going to wait.”
Four hours later and they were sitting around the table in their motel room, still staring at the papers and photos, and all the ‘clues’ they’d gotten. They’d stuck maps, pins, notes, and strings on almost half of the room’s walls. Print outs from histories, legends, local stories, you name it, and they still had
He chuckled, like that was very unlikely, but Sam actually blushed a little and slumped some in his seat. Dean looked over at him.
He nodded, still looking at Dean very seriously. “You need to sit on your bed and take off your shirt.”
Cas spoke up. “Also the blue light and the Stigmata marks on the victims. This is some kind of religious, supernatural vigilante.”
He reached up and pulled Cas down so he could kiss him. “That, what just happened, was awesome. That gained you five million brownie points. You
But soon there was an easy routine of hunts, of research, of random 'being human' lessons around the Bunker. And that was when the list began. Well, the first item on the list. If Cas wasn't mistaken, he began the list after item number three.
There had been a few rough weeks after that, mostly spent hanging around the Bunker. The finality of his situation, however voluntary, hit him hard. But with words of encouragement...
Dean gestured wildly. “All the stuff to make grade ‘A’ cocaine. Zero cost, one hundred percent profit. Best business idea
The head of Castiel's steadily hardening erection was pushed roughly against the raspy back of the zipper, biting at the sensitive skin painfully. Cas hissed in an inhale, and tried to pull away from Dean. But Dean hurriedly took a quarter step back, a grunt of displeasure hinting that he'd had an experience similar to Cas's.
There was a large camp light near her, burning only bright enough to read by. An air mattress was set up, paisley sheets tucked in neatly. There were a couple stacks of magazines, the kind Sam called 'tabloid trash'.
After about a week, he’d mostly healed. He still had some cuts and most of the ribs on his left side still felt either broken or at least really bruised, but other than that he was fine.
Cas made his eyes focus on Dean. This was a harder task than usual. “I am okay, Dean. Don’t apologize.”
Next, Cas went to the dungeon room, where all the things needed to summon Crowley were kept. That would be handy. He had just knelt down on the hard floor when Sam’s voice came from behind him.
"Dude, that's not true! Come on, Benny was like a brother to me for a long time. And I kinda liked Meg sometimes. I've met some really nice ghosts…"
He tried to move again, and this time Dean caught onto the movement and squeezed the fingers sticking out from the white cast.
A few days later, Dean was in his room. He’d just showered and had gotten dressed and was towel drying his hair when there was a knock at the door.
Dean sat on the closed toilet lid, and took a quick swallow of the whiskey. “Dude, what did that bitch do to you?”
“Oh, hey, don’t worry. I’m sorry I had to flip you on the floor. I just thought it would be better if the first time we do any of…that, we should both be mostly sober. You know?”
Cas felt an unexpected pain, somewhere above his stomach. Sam was one of his closest friends...How could he have missed something of such significance?
Dean was staring at Cas, and Sam eased his way out of the room and down the hall. Best to let them have their privacy.
Cas snorted, but kept looking around. He reached the far wall and squinted at it. “There’s something different here.”
Dean found an empty abandoned lot and finally got around to teaching Cas how to drive. He took to it pretty well. He thought so, anyway, but for the first twenty minutes or so Dean was clutching at the door handle hard enough that Cas thought he might break it.
The feeling had spread to his stomach, leaving Cas with a nauseous sensation. He stood up from his chair too quickly, knocking it over as he just managed to get to the small sink before retching. Luckily, he hadn’t eaten all day, and all that came up was the tea Sam had made at breakfast. Cas glanced at his watch. That had been six hours ago.
Cas look over at him. “Gabriel must have been part of His plan. It was probably a test for him, too.”
Death just looked at him and shook his head. “It’s gone, Castiel. You know that. The road to acceptance can be long.”
“Now, I am going to take these folders. All the information from all three tablets are in these. I’m gonna hide them in different rooms of the bunker, hopefully where no one will ever find them. And you guys are gonna sit right here at this table while I do that. I put a web cam on top of the refrigerator and linked it to my phone. If any of you move, I’ll know about it.”
He sounded like he was falling asleep. The Impala pulled up and Sam pushed open the rusty old gate. "The others went on ahead. I told them we'd be right behind."
Then it was over. They met up near the doors, which hung open. They were all covered in blood. "Dean, did this seem a little too easy to you?"
Sam and Cas rolled their eyes. The walk was pleasant, a slight tang of saltwater in the air, and the feel of a possible oncoming storm later in the evening. Dean was walking steady now, so they just made their way down crape myrtle lined sidewalks, until Cas double checked a road with the address in the file and they turned.
Before Cas could ask what it was, exactly, that Dean would be thinking about, Dean leaned back. He shrugged out of his jacket, and then his green and blue flannel shirt. They both ended up on the floorboard.
Two more days passed before Cas got an opportunity to explore his ‘theories’. Sam was interviewing a potential witness, which seemed pretty flimsy in all honesty, and Dean was...
She went back to the big washing pot and they started back to the lane. As soon as they got far enough away, Dean pulled the paper out of his pocket.
Dean nodded, not being able to hide that he felt really excited. The perfect distraction and possibly a way to prove to Cas that he was still totally useful.
The angle was awkward. Cas fumbled, and was consistently distracted by the way Dean would moan against his mouth. He was, in fact, ready to pull away, certain that Dean could get no pleasure from this. But Cas couldn't argue that Dean was getting harder in his hand. He was making shallow thrusts against him. The moans were deeper and Dean seemed to be loosing his coordination.
Mick led the through some hallways that smelled like dog food and antiseptic, then opened a door. He had a desk with several stacks of paperwork on it, and quite a few certificates hanging on the walls along with some pictures of himself with others and with animals, supposedly from the shelter.
He just huffed. He was quiet long enough Sam unpaused his documentary and Dean sat there not really listening or watching. Something stupid about ducks.
After a couple more weeks, Charlie and Benny had decided to say their goodbyes. Charlie had work to get back to, and since her way home was going to take her through Louisiana, she had offered to give Benny a ride.
Dean with a smile, stroked down his love’s length, listening to him hiss in pleasure and did as he was bid. Slowly rubbing up and down, over and over, bringing sweet torture to the creature who could have anyone he wished and chose him. A person who had so little to offer anyone else and yet still saw value in him. He felt the other shudder in his hand and knew they would soon have to begin transitioning to the bed. But a few more minutes of soft bonding never hurt anyone.
“Fuck Dean… oh god… you deserved it…” He turned his head, giving Dean access to another part he enjoyed.
“Dean wake up, food is ready and I need you to eat.” Cass said gently as he helped Dean to sit up. “Be careful it's not very high in here.”
Sam, Dean and Charlie all looked at him in confusion, before Dean with a I don’t really want to know sigh, “Okay I’ll bite, why do you say that?” HIs stomach was starting to turn, probably upset with how much food he had ate, but he was still hungry.
Snarling orders as he scrambled to climb off the troop of officers, naked chest heaving as it attempted to speak and breath at the same time. “Listen stay back and don’t interfere protect the woman, she is the one the monster is after. KEEP HER SAFE!” Then with a push of his bowed legs he launched himself into the air.
Sam looked incredulous at his brother, “Salad? You’re eating a salad? Since when do you like salads? Not that I’m knocking it, good for you on eating healthier.”
Powering through the air, he circled back to make sure they were still following him, evading a few other shots, till one ripped through his wing proper. Staggering through the air, he worked to maintain his altitude so he could determine how bad it was. It hurt but it wasn’t bleeding much, no doubt thanks to the minimum of Grace he still had in his wings. Wonder if it would heal naturally before he had to go meet his brother and his mate. Save himself a bit of grief from the scolding his Angel was more than capable of giving him.
Panting, not sure how much longer he could last, “Cass, I need you, please, take me or something, because I’m going to blow if you keep that up.” He could feel it, the power coursing through him, taking him higher and higher. His balls were quaking with the need to come, his shaft so sensitive it was a wonder he hadn’t spilled his load already.
“Honestly I don’t know, but just the thought or idea of my mate being in the same room as him has my instincts screaming at me. I can’t think or function properly when Dean is around him. So I will take his shifts and Dean can do other things to help.”
One squad had returned, dragging two people with them who were being quiet as their attempts to reason with the authorities were met with snarls to shut up. They headed over to where the main building and the area roped off in case they found their quarry.
“We could have try, do you think Samuel will be able to?” Rowena asked as she glanced between the two men.
The spell was costly, it needed the power of 1000 corrupted souls, along with their tainted blood. He had gone through his various minions and found those he deemed expendable and simply snuffed them out. Draining them of their blood, before ripping their souls out and tossing what was left of their forms either in the hellfire rivers or giving to those who he favored at the moment. Even now their souls writhed in agony as they were burned with demon weapons, meant to inflict the most of amount of pain. Their blood even now was simmering above a brazier burning with hell fire.
Raising his head he could see how Dean had buried his head in his arms, moaning in pleasure as he accepted him into his body and his heart.
Leaning back the apple green eyed Winchester looked deep into his cobalt blue eyes knowing what he was really asking. Wanting Dean out of the room and away from his hurt brother. Why he felt that way he didn’t know, but he needed his mate gone from the other Angel’s presence.
‘It shouldn’t love, you are my everything and always will be. Now go to sleep mate, we have a lot to do tomorrow.’ Castiel whispered, rousing at the familiar thoughts of his hunter.
He looked deep into his Hunter’s evergreen eyes. Yeah he was willing to admit it to himself, Sam was his Hunter and that was enough for him. There was a connection between the two, which made him feel safe and cared for, a feeling he did not want to lose. It could be that Sam was even his mate, which would be a shock to him. Most Angel’s didn’t have or more importantly need them. Only a few special ones had them, and even then the Angel themselves didn’t know they had the mating gene. Not till they actually found the one who was supposed to be their mate.
“Shut up.” The Celestially Pissed Off Being snapped. Dean shut up knowing better than to say anything at the moment. His Angel thundered over and pressed harshly two fingers to his forehead. Instantly his hurts were healed, but the glare from twin orbs of frostbite blue let him know he was still in deep shit. “Get in the car we are leaving.” He bit off each word leaving no room for argument.
Helping his rapidly failing mate stand, “It appears so Dean. Listen the feline says you need to open the door to get out. Like how you opened the door to get inside.”
“Dean anything I can help with?” Sam asked hoping to distract Cass, which worked but not the way he intended. The Angel jumped nearly a foot in the air, spinning to face Sam and if he didn’t know better glowing for a moment. Castiel really was on edge and Sam moved to place himself between him and Gabriel. Who knows what the Angel could do if pushed to far.
Cass looked down at the man in his arms, knowing he was far from okay but would be in time. “He will be, but he took a lot of damage, he’ll need to rest.” Looking over at the younger brother he quickly gave him the results of the battle. “The Manananggal is dead, the job is over, we can leave Sam.”
His words brought Dean back to early this morning as he searched for the others. What they were doing in the first place. “Speaking of, what happened.” Dean turned to Castiel, who had gone back to gazing at his wings. He had a strange dreamy look in his soft cornflower blue eyes. And how the hell was he able to start reading his Angel’s face, especially when it was still in his normally stoic mask. Shaking his head, deciding to deal with weird Angel faces later, “What were you all trying to do? Cass I saw your wings, man I didn’t know they were like that.” And he hated seeing his best friend’s wings the way he had glimpsed them. Shattered, scarred and a shadow of what they once were.
Looking up Sam frowned, “Damn it Gabe, you're mostly human now, it would be nice if you remembered these things.” Still the hunter stood and went to the kitchen to get the first aid kit. Coming back out a few minutes later with a large teddy bear bandage. Dean had bought them as a joke for when Sam did stupid things, revenge for the my little pony ones Sam had bought last time. “Here hold out your finger.”
“I said shut the fuck up, watch the woods we don’t have time to listen to your whining over a non issue. We’re family and we stick with each other no matter what.” He swirled his Angel blade feeling better having it in his hand, even if it wouldn’t do any good with trolls.
The grounds of the Royal Residences were extensive even by Fae standards, for it also housed in various wings the Royal Courts, the Judicial courts, Government offices, Court residences, the main Repository of Learning filled with tomes and texts. Quite a few wings were dedicated to the Military Companies who were in charge of safe keeping all the lands, peoples and objects within its walls.
“What is it you’ve started?” Sam persisted holding Gabriel close as he tried his best to protect him. After all they had been through in such a short amount of time, he sure as shit wasn’t going to lose what was his either. But he needed information and he had little to go on.
There was some prick named Commodus back in the Roman Empire, who was a lazy murderous glutton, only interested in his own grandiose promotion. Fucker actually thought he was Hercules reborn or some stupid thing. This asshole was lazy because he let his chamberlain, glorified ass kisser in Gabriel’s opinion, rule the empire. While he went off to snort coke, frolic around various high class whore houses, and order beheadings for those who displeased him. When Commodus found out his first glorified ass kisser was going to off him, he offed him first, then appointed another glorified ass kisser to take over while he went off to snort coke off high end hookers.
And in a small part of his own mind and heart he wanted the same thing for himself. He didn’t think he would ever have what Dean and Castiel had, their bond went deeper than life or death itself. Seeing those two together was inspiring and annoying, but he wouldn’t have it any other way with those two. Maybe someday he could find a partner, a lover who would mean as much to him as Cass meant to Dean.
“Gabe will be fine. He didn’t get hurt as bad as it looked. Look my name is Sam, and I’ve had experience with these things before.” The more he managed to focus the people on the problem, the less likely they would ask about Gabriel. All he needed was to prove the existence of Angels. Which would then prove so many other things to people who would freak out even more.
Charlie looked between the two, before deciding not to get involved, they had other problems to deal with. “Okay so look guys, the cops are dead set on finding you. They are bringing in more troopers. They are convinced you are still out in the woods somewhere. Honestly I don’t think you're safe in here by end of today once the sun rises. Which it should in a few minutes, any ideas on how to find this slut who is ruining our fun out here. People are leaving cause they are scared.”
Queen Amaralinde Mithradien Elvadriendra frowned down at her Factor, not pleased with the information. Nor was King Elvarion Anebrilas Harawien, her own Consort happy with what they had been told, a traitor in their midst meant grave trouble. It also meant there might still people connected to when their daughter Crown Princess Eowarawyn Nithraclya Beladrielinde was taken to be used as a blood sacrifice. And it was quite likely they knew about their adopted sons and wished to make an example of them. No, this news was very bad in fact and they didn’t have enough information to plan a course of action.
“Passed out, here, eat this, we need to get going.” Sam handed him a couple sandwiches, an apple the same shade as his eyes and a bottle of water.
Cass grumped to himself because he didn’t like his behavior any more than the others did, but he couldn’t help himself. Deep within his own mind, instincts were starting to nudge and demand things they hadn’t before. Chief of them to keep Dean safe, to keep him separate from those who could hurt him. Only he was capable of protecting his mate the way he felt he should. It was bothersome and he didn’t like it, Sam was a good friend of his. Yet he was starting to look at him as an enemy, which he most certainly was not.
Dean would want him so much, almost equal to how much he had wanted him for years. He would slowly move across the room, sitting next to him on the bed. He would reach his hand out stroking down the hunter’s cheek, feeling him lean into his touch. Then Dean would reach out with the hand he had been using to stroke his cock, pulling him towards his lips. He could even smell his essence on his hand as he pulled him, and loved the scent. It was one of his secret pleasures when Dean thought he was alone, to stand near his door while he pleasured himself.  Cass justified standing so close because he knew it was the closes he would ever get to being with Dean.
Maybe it had something to do with the Fae, he wouldn’t put it passed the little fuckers. Those assholes had been interfering once more, he was sure of it. Creating a bookstore to make sure he found those spells? Yeah that stunk of the fae and elves primarily, interfering little busybodies. Just what was their interest in him and his family? Next chance he had he was going to hunt down one of those big nipple freaks and get some answers. Why did they have to make their lives so much more complicated? What about them had the elves so concerned and interested in their lives? Was it revenge from killing those leprechaun, brownie, fairy whatever they were’s? If so he had no regrets, not after what they tried to do to him, probing was the least of the things they wanted to try with him.
Using powerful down strokes he climbed high into the air, circling to try and orient himself to their location. When he was facing the mountains he stopped in shock, staring at those points he was familiar with. They were the same ones he had battled over six months ago when Charlie called about the Manananggal.
The first guard was opening his mouth to answer, worry vibrating in his every pore as he wasn’t looking forward to telling the Factor he hadn’t a clue. He was saved by a dryad who came racing up. She skidded to a stop, took three deep breaths then steadied herself as she gave a graceful bow. “My Lord I have been sent with many apologies for this meeting’s lack of attendance.”
Dean kept his plans carefully hidden from his simple minded for the moment mate. He climbed up Cass’s body, still soft cock showing how little he was turned on by his mate’s unknown suffering. He knew what he was about to do would harden him enough to please Cass, but that was as far as he was going to go. Instead he was going to work on bringing his Castiel, his beloved mate and the other half of his heart back to where he belonged. Whispering as he reached with his lips to nibble on a strand of hair, “I want you to simply concentrate on my love Cass. I love you, and I’m going to show you over every square inch of your body. Over and over I’m going to show you just how much I love you. And as I do so know I’m claiming you each time. You’re mine and always will be. Can you do that for me baby? Can you keep your eyes closed and just concentrate on how much I’m going to show you, I love you?”
“I haven’t talked to my brother often but you are correct and he would not want someone else to die so that he might live. Maybe removing what is left of his Grace is the best plan.”
Though the one flaw Balthazar had which was hurtful, was when Gabriel wasn’t feeling his normal chipper self, the blond fun loving Angel wasn’t around. He would get tired of his depressing ways and go in search of something more fun and up lifting. Which only added to his depression, that his friend didn’t always want to be around him. So he would go and blow more shit up, wishing he wasn’t such an asshole himself.
‘Oh right, of course. My mistake.’ Dean sent a grin through their bond to relax his lover. Cass was tense enough now, probably not the best time to tease him about having to share his mate.
“I don’t think so Dean. I’ll be back in a few minutes.” Taking the salad and sandwich, knowing Sam wouldn’t want the fries, along with a bottle of water, he delivered it to the waiting brother who hadn’t left Gabriel’s side. Cass wondered if he should spend more time watching him, give Sam a break, but even when he did Sam ended up back just a few hours later. He couldn’t seem to keep himself away unless he was super focused on research. Which was also focused on helping Gabriel recover from whatever the hell had happened to him. Returning to the kitchen he sat down next to his mate, pulling one of the books from the shop towards him while he began munching his lunch. Dean did the same with another one of the books and they spent the next few hours reading and waiting for a certain redheaded witch to show up.
Cass pressed his head back into the warmth he needed so badly. A few more minutes of the calm before the storm. “Just because I want you, doesn’t mean I can have you.”
“What do you mean Dean?” The forest looked the same as so many other ones he had seen over the centuries.
Dean immediately looked over at the tiny red convertible, eyes narrowing as he took in the red 1960s MG MGA. Eyes sliding over its very tiny two seat design, knowing it had a manual transmission and dismissing it. “No, Sam won’t work, won’t fit us all.”
“¿Eres un ángel enviado por Dios para salvarnos?” The village priest asked with his own deep suspicion. (You are an Angel sent from God to save us?) He was an older man but certainly not elderly. Standing just under six feet call, graying chestnut hair, deep naturally black eyes, skin darkened by genetics and a lifetime of working outside. Dressed in no doubt was his own Sunday best, trying to make a good impression, he was able to look Cass directly in the eye.
“Damn fine we will have to find another way to help them. My brothers still have no idea as to their adopted heritage or the family they are in now.” She tapped her gold painted fingernail to her lavender pale face, long hair braided this time and hanging over her shoulder.
Reeling from the various revelations, Dean decided to put it all on the back burner and do as the snake suggested. He carried his mate into the room laying him on the bed, running his hand over Cass’s slack face. Seeing the black eyes already fading to shades of green and yellow, the broken limbs once more straight and returning to true. Looking over his shoulder to see if he was followed, he discovered the doorway empty. Shaking his head, he settled down to tend to his injured love, everything else would just have to wait.
Startled at the question, he looked down at the comatose Angel and realized yeah he kinda did want to carry him. “Yeah I will, let me grab his shoulders.” A little shuffling and the younger brother had him in his arms. “Lead the way Cass.” Circling around, for while he had an idea as to what room Dean wanted him in, Cass would be able to take him directly to it.
Cass nodded about to head out, still tense from earlier when Sam stopped him. “Cass, we think it can fly, do you have anything left in your Grace in case you need to chase it through the sky?”
A pull on his sleeve had him looking down into the pain filled eyes of the man he was growing to care for in a hell of a hurry. He would worry about how fast they were going later, now Gabriel needed him. Before he could ask, the ghosts spoke up again.
“No but that is because he is a massive nerd, who secretly loves this stuff.” That was a lie, Sam tolerated it, but it was Dean who couldn’t get enough of this larping stuff. Able to beat people up, lead battles, dress up in weird costumes, and in the end no one gets hurt, yep sign him up.
Obedient to his mate’s demands he stretched his arms out and gripped his wings at the base. Smiling when Dean gasped in pleasure as he used his wings for leverage. Holding tightly he rammed himself into his mate, keeping a tight hold of those feathered limbs, watching as his mate’s ass reverberated with his motions. How his breathing was coming fast and shallow as he was approaching his own climax.
“Yes, only a few seconds but I knew you could.” Cheery winters fire rose, soothing amber and golden yellow.
It was some time before both men came down from their bond of love and devotion, sharing light kisses and nuzzles to calm them. Cass still filled with his mate, needing the physical connection to know his love was here and safe in his embrace.
Dean felt his heart starting to race, Cass wanted him, he honestly did want him, and it made his heart sing to know this.
Shrugging his own shoulders, wings very much not present, to Dean’s utter annoyance. “Sorry Dean, my wings, what is left of them, reside on the Celestial Plane unless I call them out. They are made from Grace and Energy. Yours are very much part of the physical plane.” He stopped to look inside the back seat, judging the space he normally rode in.  “I’m afraid the only way you could get them in would be to lay along the back seat, and even then I don’t think you want to drive that way for the entire 18 plus hours…”
Well if that wasn’t an opening. “Where is Dean anyway? I haven’t seen him pretty much since I woke up. Or Cassie for that matter.”
Standing, he turned towards the worried younger brother, “Sam I’ll watch him, did you want to take the chair though? I don’t think Dean would be too pleased if you were out with the others right now.”
Thanks to those he submitted to, he knew who was responsible for his loss. And he had a plan to retrieve what he knew was rightfully his. He simply had to put his new plan into action. Leaning on his fist, looking down at his shaking servant he grinned, “The time to retrieve my power is nearing. The Winchesters will not keep me from what is rightfully mine.” He raised up his left hand, wrist forming a landing perch. A black raven, diseased and corrupted of soul, with evil glee shining from her sunken eye socket came to him. “My sister go out and find me the creature which will draw the Winchesters out. One of them is already bonded to an Angel, the other is not, I want the bonded ones. We shall trade them for the unbonded. Now go, find me the creature which will bring me a Winchester.”
“It will take time for he is sly and cunning, he would see through many of the intrigues I would use. So if I may beg the Court’s indulgence to bring them together, it will take longer.”
“I can fly for now but landing would be good soon.” Dean called back, not willing to be an extra burden on Cass at this time. But he knew they would have to land soon, he couldn’t keep up this pace indefinitely. He could already feel his wings struggling to keep him airborne and he knew landing over the diseased crops would be bad.
“Dean none of the other cars are either tall enough to fit your wings, discreet enough, or fast enough to get us there in a decent time frame.” Sam carefully kept all the amusement off his face. Course that didn’t stop Dean’s wings from changing to a light peach fuzz color.
Sitting up, genuinely worried now for he could feel how upset the young hunter seemed to be. It wasn’t a pleasant feeling and he wanted to make it go away. “Sam talk to me. What’s wrong? I swear I didn’t take advantage of you, nor you me. Something happened in the hallway, you were laying on the floor, I came to you then after that it’s all a blur. But I know you needed help and I wanted to help.” Voice growing quieter as he spoke hesitantly, “You’ve helped me for days, I wanted to return the favor.”
“Hmm well okay, long lived, said to transform from normal cats after a long age, gain two tails when they turn into Yokai. Said they can also transform into a human when they wish to…” All three men looked at the happily purring cat with narrowed eyes.
Making up his mind, he turned towards his Lieutenant “We’ll leave them alone. Whoever they are they run with a crowd way out of our league.”
Sam watched the pair working together to help the older Angel. He wished he could lend his own strength to the fight for his life but it was not to be. He was a regular human, he had no special bond to a Celestial being who shared a life with another. Still looking down at the broken being, he couldn’t help but wish he could help Gabe out like Dean was doing with Cass. Gabriel didn’t deserve whatever had befallen him to put him in this tortured condition, and when he finally found out what happened, he sure as shit was going to do his best to get revenge for him. No being should be able to do this to another and live.
Returning with the flask, he placed it beside Dean once more. “I don’t think the second time was from whatever was draining the area of power. I’ve warded you against it, even if I’m not sure what IT is. The second time though felt different, it felt more like the fae…”
‘There is nothing else, Gabriel needs us, needs you to save him, I need you to save him for me. Now start before I lose it again.’ He slowly let go of Dean only to have him reach out and grab his hand. ‘Dean?’
“He can join his brother in service which suits them both.” Puck’s eyes gleamed with remembered malice glee. The dryad’s brother had failed him too, and he was now a living toothpick, doomed to suffer for a 1000 years the fires of Dwarven smiths. He knew the Duke enjoyed his indestructible toothpick, to know when he threw it in the fire it would not burn but could be reused over and over.
In the case of protection, he could call forth his wings and mantel them over whatever or whoever he was protecting. His Grace would then flow over his wings similar to a raging river filled with mountain run off. He had been shot, stabbed, bit, clawed and even plucked at, and survived, though not without considerable pain at the time. At least till Castiel had come and healed him of his injuries, after dismembering and atomizing the ones who tried to hurt his mate. He had taken extreme exception to the monsters trying to kill his mate in such a manner, and had not hesitated to reduce the beasts to the smallest of particles found in nature.
The two tailed led them deeper into the woods, nose lifted to the wind as she finally caught wind of the Manananggal. Her ruby red eyes growing concerned as the scent also happened to cross with another police patrol. Meowing her worry, she raced forward, the rest following behind her, watching as she transformed into her larger battle form. Fire flared from her paws and tails as she ran. Snarling she broke through the stand of blackberry bushes entering a small pocket clearing around 100 feet across, filled with half a dozen cops.
“Where is this scout, I shall reward him for his cunning and quickness.” He looked over the phalanx of soldiers being tended to, wanting to make sure he was properly rewarded.
Dean snarled as the creature managed to dodge, though he scraped his blade against her ribs as she moved. Continuing his dive he focused on how she now was behind him, trying to catch him. But his wings were not based off a peregrine falcon for nothing, he shot towards the ground a new plan churning in his mind. Looking over his shoulder, he could see he was being followed, how she was struggling to catch him. He opened his wings a fraction, slowing his fall just enough to make her think she could reach him.
Mouth full Sam looked up at him before his eyes lit up, swallowing he stood. “Oh thanks for reminding me.” He went to the fridge, took out a bowl of fresh chopped fruit and sat back down. “Almost forgot the actual fruit. Blueberries are all well and good, but nothing like melons and bananas.” Gabe just stared at him, till Sam asked puzzled. “Gabe? What?”
So together they had plotted and planned and snuck out to earth, spending a few days together so Gabriel could set up his cover to slip away. The last thing Castiel had asked of Gabriel was that he erase his memories completely of what they had done. Not just hide them, or lock them away. But to delete them fully so he could never betray his brother and he could live his life in freedom. And he had done so, but in his eagerness to be gone along with worry, he had accidentally deleted to much, though he knew it not. Instead he had taken most of the memories they had of being together, leaving him with little more than the knowledge that Gabriel was an Archangel, was his older brother and that he had disappeared completely.
