Does it really matter at this point who they’re fighting? They’re all the same, in the end. Sometimes their faces blurred together in his nightmares, Azazel became Lilith became Lucifer became his own damn face became an endless procession of ageless monstrous beings who all want to see the world burn and why did it always fall to
The show they’re watching goes to commercial. “So … last night on Earth, huh?” Dean asks, taking a sip from his beer and stifling a bitter laugh because, really, how many last nights can a guy have?
Cas blinks one, twice, and then says: “We shouldn’t be doing this.”
Their lips crash together once more, hungry and urgent, years of unsaid feelings spilling out in this one action. Clothes crash to the floor with abandon and he has no ideas where their beers have ended up, but who the hell cares because all he knows is he needs Cas. Needs Cas’ hands tangled in his hair, lips trailing from his mouth to his neck, needs to breathe in this sensation like it’s air.
Dean swallows around the lump in his throat. “No, no, you’re fine.” It’s not like he’s not accustomed to Cas making grandiose speeches and talking about their “profound bond” but this … This was Cas laying his soul bare before Dean and they now stood on a precipice, about to plummet into territory completely foreign to them both. Did he dare jump?
flit through his head, are quickly replaced by others, said with relief, with surety:
“Well, for starters you made a promise not to let me die a virgin.”
“When I say we shouldn’t do this, I’m not saying it because I don’t want to. I’m saying it because I shouldn’t. A bond like ours … it should not exist. And yet it does.” His gaze shifts fro Dean’s face to his shoulder, to the handprint indelibly seared into the skin. He considers the mark for a moment, then reaches out a hand to press against it, a key perfectly fitting into a lock. Dean can’t help but shudder. “You changed me, Dean. For a long time I resisted that fact, because I thought it a flaw.” He locks eyes with Dean once more, slides his hand gently away from the mark and down Dean’s arm, until their hands are intertwined. “But it’s not.”
Dean chokes on his drink and tries to sputter out a response, cheeks burning hot. “I, uh, I did say that, didn’t I? But what a night that turned out to be, huh?” He says, nudging Cas with his shoulder. He thinks back to that night, the two of them hurrying out of that strip club, Dean laughing hysterically and Cas grinning back in reply. It was probably the first time the two of them had had fun together as just friends, not allies trying to save the world.
“No, no, it’s just,” Dean gestures awkwardly at Cas’ general state of undress. “Never seen you like this before.”
He catches sight of Dean’s dumbstruck expression and looks away sheepishly. “This is a lot. I’m sorry. I know this isn’t how these things usually go.”
“I actually … You’ve changed me too, Cas. I mean, you’re the only man I’ve ever …” He stops, even now not willing to rip off that particular bandage. Maybe if they survive tomorrow. “Well, let’s just say you’re not the only one crossing boundaries tonight.” There are a thousand other thoughts swirling in his mind, words he wants to say but can’t, that gather in his throat and suffocate him, the consequences of speaking them into existence too terrifying to even consider. He’s always been allergic to feelings, and even at the end of the world, this is all that he’s willing to give. He hopes it’s enough.
to stop them?
Dean feels his brain short circuit for a moment and then he’s moving on instinct, kissing back with a ferocity he didn’t know had been hiding within him. Thoughts of
“Now,” Dean says, clearing his throat and standing up to dramatically whip his belt out from his belt loops. “I said I’d make your last night on Earth a great one and I intend to make good on that promise.”
The food was gone in no time—Bobby was certain Sam and Dean could have eaten three times as much—so Ellen unstoppered the jug and poured a generous amount in each cup. It turned out to be a kind of berry cordial, sweet but not too sweet, perfect to wash down the meal. She really was soft for these boys. “And one more thing,” she said. Reaching into her basket once more, she pulled out a large juicy carrot. “Do you think Impala would like a treat, too?” It was a treat in itself to see Dean’s face light up the way it did, like there was still some child left in him. He set the rest of his cordial down, forgotten, and went right over to his horse to feed her. She crunched down on it immediately, while Dean pet her in delight.
Dean tried to speak, his chest shuddering, but no sound came. Never had his Dad looked so fierce.
Cas blinked. Billie was giving him a look that was almost sympathetic. She’d called him by his name! She stepped over the king’s body and laid a hand between his nostrils, which were almost as tall as her. The leather of her glove protected her from the worst of the heat. “I don’t know how you did it, but everyone outside heard the whole thing. It’s over.”
“No!” said Dean.
Dean snorted, but Sam huffed. “She’s not Gelding, she’s Impala!”
“The same thing that makes a person special, Dean,” she said. “Sometimes you just feel it.”
The king slipped his hands into his pockets and left the circle of lamplight, whistling as he walked away.
. Along with the Luciterran term
“The major difference between magery and witchcraft,” Crowley was pontificating, “is that magery aims to be precise. Each spell should produce the same result at the same intensity, every time. It’s not that you can’t be precise with witchcraft,” he acknowledged, “but that it allows for a certain flexibility.”
“I’m fine,” said Dean, wiping his face off with his dirty sleeve. It mostly smeared the blood around.
But the east, it turned out, was impossible as well. The marshes were vast and impenetrable, no matter which way he tried to go. On his last attempt he’d come so close to getting stuck and drowning in mud that he had no choice but to stop.
“More than one delegation, then, to cover more of the country at the same time.”
Sam leaned up onto an elbow in the tall grass so they could see each other better. “No. That’s just the thing.” He twiddled with a grass stalk. The breeze slipped a lock of his hair from his ponytail, and drew it across his eyes, though now they stared into nothing. “It was somewhere I’d never been before. I could actually see much. There were two, maybe three people, and they were shouting, and magic was flashing everywhere, this…malicious magic. I almost recognized it but I swear it wasn’t from another dream.” He tucked his hair back behind his ear. “Someone was crying, and afraid. I think it was a child. I couldn’t help him, I couldn’t…”
The pain of it, the energy the magic had ripped from his body was finally too much. Castiel collapsed onto Dean, weeping. The tears soaked into his shirt and mixed with the blood. He wept and wept, and so did not notice that before he finally fell into blissful unconsciousness, a breath stuttered in the chest beneath him.
While that was not the practice here, Dean had seen it happen a couple of times, and walking into the city was almost an exercise in picking out the wagon nags and beasts of burden whose spirits were entirely gone. “What makes him special?” he dared ask.
Dean lifted his arms and dropped them back down to his sides.
When Angel had let himself be led by Bobby that first morning they were gone, Gadreel found new hope, he told them as they walked. He tried leading him too, all of his usual tricks, over and over. So he decided maybe it was a fluke. The next day, the full day they had spent at the Roadhouse, the horsemaster had asked Rufus to lead him to the training paddock. Again, Angel let himself be led. But still, Gadreel made no headway.
The door to Angel’s stall was open and unchained. Dean rushed in, and gagged at what he saw.
“The whole truth,” she interrupted him, “and your life will be spared.”
Dean nodded. He hoped it was enough. It was crude of him to draw out his time in the castle, stretch the hospitality, but he needed to hold on. He had to see Castiel one last time. There was always a chance he wouldn’t win the vote, but that chance was slim. Castiel was amazing, and generous, and strong, and everyone who met him could see it.
The woman crossed her arms and tapped her chin thoughtfully, still looking at the black stallion. The man simply raised an eyebrow. “And if he answers to it, that will always be a part of him. But his name is Castiel, son of Michael, rightful king of Michaeretz.”
“Alright, Sam,” he said, glancing over his shoulder. “Come here.”
“The king will probably want to see him in a pretty halter.”
“It…means,” began Crowley, dark eyes growing wider. He was a lord, of course, so he’d probably never been really hungry in his life. He cleared his throat again and drank some tea. “He’s a horse, and there’s no getting around that, but he’s also a man who was well on his way to becoming a mage while under my tutelage. With my own sensitivities to nature, he can make himself understood.”
Only when they were completely at the mercy of the magic hedge did the cottage door slam open. A woman in a form-fitting green dress and fiery hair marched down the overgrown stone path. As she got closer it was obvious her clothes were of fine quality, and she even had her face painted like a noble. When she halted, separated from them only by the morass of thorns and roots, she smiled at them with blood red lips. It was not kind. “Now then,” she said, “who in the
“A, a job?”
“Bobby gave it to me, a long time ago, as a sign of faith,” Dean said. “I’ve never forgotten it. He said she used to do some pretty great things, back in the day. I want you to have it.”
Footmen leapt from the backs of the carriages and opened the doors, handing down nobles in silks and velvets, all the bright and expensive dyes no one in Horsetown could afford. Dean couldn’t help but stare at the necklaces glimmering on their chests, the elaborate hairstyles, and the colorful paint the lords and ladies wore on lips and eyes. He was even stuck with a bit of longing, thinking of all the balls and fetes held in the royal castle and in the grand homes of various estates, and now understood why the poets would sing about it with such lovely, flowery words. It was no wonder, if every surface was as gilded as their carriages and every turn of a dance had rainbows flashing across the room.
Angel aimed a soft nicker at Sam, as if in agreement.
They passed from there to the hallway, the timbre of Castiel’s hoofbeats changing as he stepped onto the elegant runner. This time Dean ignored the spindly-legged tables with their large vases, the mirrors in their ornate frames, the paintings of people long dead. All but one: when they finally reached the antechamber for the throne room, and the attendant held up her hand to bid them wait, both he and Castiel looked at the painting of Michael in battle. Castiel stamped, the only sign of nervousness he’d shown thus far. Dean leaned over to whisper in his ear, “I have faith in you.”
“Then why wasn’t he?” Dean asked, wary of the swordpoint so close to Castiel’s unguarded throat. Behind Gadreel, Metatron was struggling to stand.
The older man nodded, squeezing Sam’s shoulder. “Alright, kid,” he said.
A Reaper.
Then there was no thought at all. He took his rage and his pain and poured it into his limbs, lashing out at the assassin with all his strength and speed. She was agile and very quick, darting in and out of his space to land her blows, but he had become a force of nature, and more, those late nights and early mornings of training gave him an endurance not needed for slashing sleeping throats; the dark-clad woman began to show weakness and could not block all his attacks. She grew nervous, no longer carrying herself with surety; she was no longer on the job. She was fighting for her life.
Dean smiled and lifted a weak hand to stroke his horse’s face. “Ah, Baby, you didn’t have to do that. Not like I was dying or something.”
Dean sighed and resigned himself to the reality of the situation, slinging an arm over the horse’s shoulders. His cheeks burned with embarrassment; he was flapping around like an
He was supposed to be doing something.
His shout shocked Dean into moving. He took Sam’s hand and bolted for the door. Mom stepped aside, only looking down at them at the last second. “Wait, take this.” In his empty hand she placed her bow. Having only seen twelve summers, it was practically as tall as him. Quickly, she gave each of them a kiss on the crowns of their heads. “I love you.”
“Thank you, Angel,” said Sam, just audible over the river.
, at the withers, if not more, the sort of height only draft horses can reach. But she didn’t have the stockiness of a draft horse, but was built for speed. Her mane and tail were long and unbraided, her forelock dashingly flopped down her forehead, and with her noble stance overall gave an impression of great strength tempered with exceeding elegance. Making her even more intriguing was her coloring: from nose to tail nothing but the purest black, neither star nor stocking to mar it. Bobby was good at what he did but he didn’t think he could ever have bred such a horse into being, even if he lived longer than a sorcerer. If those men had succeeded, they would have fetched a pretty penny for her, mare or not. Because a stallion of that size was something, but a mare? Something else.
Dean smiled. “Lord Crowley.”
“So I work with horses for a living, and I’ve never seen anything like her. What happened outside the Roadhouse today is going to keep happening, son.”
It was a man.
Then, Castiel felt himself growing. Pain seared down his back; muscles burned and bones crunched behind his shoulders. His skin rippled and stretched. The saddle creaked, straining, until the belt ripped apart and it dropped to the ground. Two ridges burst from either side of his spine, bony humps that shot up and then out, the hair shedding in clumps. Little black spikes poked out of his skin instead, then grew, spilling, lengthening: feathers, long, glossy black feathers. Wings.
Castiel rumbled in agreement.
“Think of it as a show of faith.”
“Sure.”
“Will you remain my friend, and support me as your king?”
“I shouldn’t have left him,” Bobby lamented, and with that they turned a corner, the lamps up bright in their wing of the stables.
Lady Tessa smiled, and it was full of the promise of comfort and safety, as it so often was. The brothers relaxed at the sight of it. “No, we will observe only. We come at the summons of the king. He convinced us that this would be a festival to remember.”
“Bullshit. Look at him!”
He grew cold.
“How?” asked Sam.
“What?”
But what could they do but keeping running?
“We have done nothing to betray this country,” said Dean. “Impala was never bought by the king. Her services as broodmare were a trade for her food and lodging. We worked for the same. And Angel…” Dean swallowed. “They would have killed him. They were willing to kill us.”
Despite being a few inches shorter than Dean, the man nevertheless managed to look down his nose at him. “That’s Lord Crowley to you, boy.”
horses? It makes them feel powerful, and it makes them look powerful, too. I agree with Gadreel that this one’s going to put up a hell of a fight, if that’s what he told the king. He does feel a little special.” They reached an empty stall, which happened to be right next to Impala’s. When Sam and Dean gave him twin questioning looks, he said, “If there’s a single horse in this stables that won’t take his crap, it’s Impala. Isn’t that right, girl?” he called over their shoulders.
Some members of the crowd jeered at this statement; an execution would only be what he deserved!
Metatron had been on the hunt for black stallions. But Angel seemed to satisfy his desire before he’d ever proven so difficult to break. The king hadn’t been looking for any black stallion, he’d been looking for
At this pronouncement Angel looked at Dean, somehow seeming small again. Dean reached out and stroked his cheekbone, and scritched behind the bolt of his jaw. The horse leaned into the contact.
“Yeah? And where are you going?” he responded snippily. Bobby had no more love for spellwork being used on horses than Dean did.
Bobby felt that pang in his heart all over again. “You must be used to taking care of yourself, and your brother,” he said, treading as lightly as he knew how.
He’d never seen a room so big that had no particular function—unless this room’s function was to intimidate, in which case it succeeded. The floor was marble in various shades of white, pink, and green, inlaid with intricate geometrical designs. The walls were draped with tapestries bigger than half the training paddocks in Horsetown, depicting battles of gods and man, Angels and monsters. The entire ceiling was painted in frescoes, the gods wheeling in the heavens with the stars in both human and animal form. He wondered how they even managed to get all the way
Two days before the Sky Festival, Crowley went looking for Castiel. It was well known around the castle and the court that he and he erstwhile stable boy and fallen in love and could be found in each other’s company more often than not. But Lord Crowley had it by report that Dean was off gallivanting with his beast of a horse and Sam, another common companion of the prince, was attending a lecture at the university. He would not be away on one of his trips so close to parliament’s vote, so Crowley walked up and down the halls of the castle for his former pupil.
The locals liked to call it Horsetown.
, which itself comes from the Greek
He lifted a hand to deflect but it was too late. The glass vial shattered at his feet in a burst of blue-white light and he keeled over, unconscious. When he hit the ground the crown bounced off his head. The clank it made as it skipped across the marble was the only noise for a few seconds.
Angel nickered lowly, a tired, wretched sound. His eyes were full of pain.
Metatron smiled, a hand pressed against his heart. When the clapping ended, the king hooked a hand into the stallion’s halter turned his head this way and that, examining the horse’s face. “On this horse, I shall lead out in the field as well as in my court,” he said. “And so I shall name this horse Commander, in deference to the history my horsemaster is so convinced it has” - an indulgent look - “and because upon his back, I shall command my people.” Another round of applause. The king smiled again, though this one was hidden from the crowd, facing as it was toward the stables and partially screened by the black stallion. But Dean saw it, and there was nothing benevolent about it.
Gadreel mounted gracefully. “To summon the king,” he answered, expertly turning his horse back toward the butte. “He will not want to wait.”
“That’s sweet, boys,” said Pam. “But I think you should head on home.”
Crowley handed him a green stone, perfectly round and polished. “Don’t lose it,” he said.
“You want
When at length the man…the horse pulled away, Dean looked at him and tried to see a prince. But he just saw Angel. Impala was her own person, Dean reasoned. Is it really so strange that he could be, too? Even by another name? He reached with his hands and brushed at the tear tracks on either side of Castiel’s face. “Do you want me to stay? Do you want me and Sam to stay with you?”
The new king let it continue for awhile, but then raised a hand for silence. In his other he held a green stone. When he spoke, his voice seemed to come from the land itself, stretching all across the crowd, deep and resonant as thunder.
They walked.
Dean took a deep breath, and just came out with it. “I’ll do it,” he said. “I’ll break Commander.”
Dean nodded, unable to speak. He let Cas cup his face, and when he pressed their lips together he didn’t close his eyes, not wanting to miss a moment. The kiss was gentle, so gentle. But it did not last long. Cas pulled back and his eyes fluttered open, questioning.
Also at the prince’s behest, a great many horses joined the celebration. They were resplendent in ribbons and garlands of blue and purple, and as they leapt and danced with their trick riders leaping and dancing too, their bells jingled in a great cacophony of pouring rain. Musicians with drums of all shapes and sizes joined them, pounding rolls of thunder into their instruments, a rumbling crescendo as people danced and clapped with joy—and than softer, less continuous. The storm moving on. The horses stilled, one by one, the rain stopping and the clouds clearing up. And then suddenly, between all the cool colors of the sky, a giant horse galloped out, she and her rider dressed completely in yellows and golds. It was Dean Winchester and his beloved Impala, who was honored with the role of the sun. He stood on her back, arms outstretched, banners of fabric streaming out behind him. With incredible precision and skill, the mare twisted her body in a tight circle, all their ribbons swirling in a sphere of brightness and life.
Surreptitiously he felt for the stone Crowley had given him in his pocket. It was cool to the touch.
“Nice to meet you boys; I’m Bobby. Follow me.” He led them around the side of the tavern. The building was already on the outskirts of the little town, but Ellen’s barn and gardens were set back even further north, close to the banks of the Reka River. A large fence surrounded the property that wasn’t the acres being tilled, to discourage people with sticky fingers. It hadn’t always been that way, but the desperate times after the Border War had made it a practical addition. Even a couple of years later, things were still desperate for some, if Dean and Sammy were any indication.
The king scoffed. “Dean, what do you think? Come here.” He beckoned him forward, into the light. Cautiously Dean joined him in front of Angel’s stall. The horse was backed up as far from the door as possible, glaring intently. “Anyone,” said Metatron, “who can break this horse deserves the post of Royal Horsemaster.”
After drinking and washing their hands and faces, Sam and Dean took in the terrain, and quietly discussed their options. There wasn’t much cover in such a land, but there was a spot where a few small hills met close together, and settling in the dip between them was the best shelter they were likely to find. “I’ll take first watch,” said Dean, when they’d come to an agreement. Sam shrugged, looking as drained as Dean felt.
Though Angel seemed resigned to his journeys to and from the paddock, he still did not often suffer either Winchester to touch him. After the third time he snapped at him for trying to get tangles out of his mane, Dean threw down his comb. “Fine!” he said. “But you’re not getting out of hooves.” Most days he was actually able to succeed in checking those, but not every day.
“I love you, too,” Dean said.
“Sam!” When he showed no signs of moving Dean muttered, “Fuck this,” and brought his knife up to bring down into Crowley’s neck. Before his hand got fully over the gate, a single thorny branch shot up and wrapped around his wrist.
know. We know that whether or not Metatron is a good king, he’s a bad person. He abused animals and he tried to kill us when we’ve done nothing wrong. And who was the only witness to the prince’s supposed kidnapping?”
, “berserker” coming from Old Norse, this indicates that perhaps Lucifer’s supposed ingenuity is not so great as he makes it out to be.
Gadreel turned a sharp look onto the groom. “If you think you can fetch him without magical aid, go ahead.” Dean didn’t move. “You think you know better than the Royal Horsemaster?
His eyelids fluttered. The ceiling his eyes were met with was white, with soft gold curls in abstract patterns. He lowered his eyes, blinked to adjust them, to see what was touching him.
. Lucifer itself is derived from Latin, meaning “lightbringer,” an epithet of Lucifer’s you may have seen before. So really the country’s name is Land of Light.
“Yeah, alright, Bobby,” she answered. She was already softening up again. “Take them round back and I’ll bring some stuff out. Joanna Beth!” she shouted as she turned back toward the tavern, where patrons were leaning out the door to watch the spectacle—Jo standing right in front. Her daughter was the only person in the world who wasn’t intimidated by her mother, even when wielding her club. She just grinned cheekily up at her. “You know better than to get near fights. Everybody back inside, show’s over.”
After a minute or two of silence, Dean spoke. “Did you try to help Impala today?”
Angel blew a tired little sigh.
They could hear Sam and Jo making their way back, the latter chattering on to her new friend about the garden. Dean stepped back and wiped his face with his sleeve again, smearing everything around a little more.
“That’s amazing,” said Sam. “I never knew magic could be so…”
Impala galloped away.
Angel was lying in the far corner of his stall on heaps of straw, beaten and bleeding. There were whip wheals not only on his flanks, but his legs, his neck, even a couple shallow ones on his face. But his body bore the brunt of it, thick wounds, deep and still oozing. There were scores of them. Angel looked up at him and snapped his teeth, though he wasn’t in reach.
Dean smiled to himself, picked up his pack, and went out the front door, closing it gently behind him. He walked around the side of the cottage, stepping through the flowers and the mushrooms, to find Castiel meeting him halfway. The moon was just rising over the treetops, casting a white glow atop the blues and purples of the garden, lifting the horse’s black coat out of shadow.
“Metatron is the one who said that Crowley betrayed the royal family. And Angel…I don’t know if he’s more than a horse, but you can’t really believe he’s associated with Demons, do you?”
The older boy clenched his jaw, unmoving.
“That should do it,” said Rowena. She juggled several glass jars in her arms, and had a few cinched bags dangling from her elbows. “If you strapping young lads could get the books?”
“Oh, so nice of you to join us,” said Dean.
“Angel! Angel! Angel!” chanted the Banes twins, and soon the rest of the children took up the name.
Castiel ignored his critics and kept up his trips, flying farther and farther out from Mt. Heaven as he grew more comfortable with his wings. Dean found himself staring out his window in the evenings more than not—it was the ground floor of the castle, but still at the top of the butte—scanning the horizon, and holding his breath every time a bird soared in the distance. He’d get grumpy the longer Cas was absent, snapping at Sam when he hadn’t meant to do so at all.
“What about the warriors?” piped up Kevin.
As Royal Stablemaster, Bobby was not often away from the royal horses. Not that he didn’t like the horses; he liked their company just fine. It was everything that surrounded the position that drove him nuts. The Royal Horsemaster, Gadreel, in charge of training the horses was stiff, though ultimately tolerable. But the knights were around the stables just as often, with their noble titles and upturned noses they pretended couldn’t smell the manure. Their poor attitudes inevitably trickled down to the squires and pages who served them, who became snotty little shits, but may the gods help him if His Majesty decided to take a tour. King Metatron had taken an especial interest in the stables, of late, and damned if Bobby knew why. Nobles were often eccentric without reason (though if Bobby had to take a stab, it was from having too much money and time on their hands). Black stallions were all he cared about, not that he was asking Bobby to breed them from the large livery His Majesty owned, oh no. He wanted
The king’s guard, on their large and lively destriers, split apart and trotted around either side of the piazza, boxing it in. The carriage clattered directly into the square, and the rear guard formed a half circle around it. A few other carriages were allowed to pull up and form a line behind the king, and several knights trotted in wearing the many colors of their personal liveries. The rest of the crowd spilled around the square, milling in the grass and craning their necks between the guards who prevented them from entering further.
“The War.”
“Groom,” she replied. As if he needed the reminder that the differences between them were a gaping chasm. She did not dismount. “What are you doing in the middle of nowhere with two of the king’s horses, and a weapon drawn against his warrior?”
When Rowena and Crowley turned their interested gazes onto him, Dean kept his eyes trained on the horse. While Sam told their story, even his regard began to carry too much weight, so Dean turned back to his tea, and he ate. When his brother reached the point about the Lasso spell, he felt the latest scone turn to dust in his mouth. He ached for Impala. It wasn’t right that he was warm and fed and safe, and she was likely suffering the cold and cruel treatment of her captors.
Dean grins. “Not me you have to ask.”
As the sun rose, so the people in Horsetown multiplied. Children ran; dogs barked. Dancers twirled their bangles jangling, skirts and stashes whipping about them as fiddlers fiddled and drummers drummed. The smell of smoked meat and roasted vegetables wafted from the food stands, and a firebreather, tattoos of dragons snaking about his body, shot flame from his mouth in a wide circle to the delighted shrieks of the onlookers. Normally Dean would be enjoying it all, turkey leg in one hand and beer in the other, but his stomach soured at the thought of Angel coming out of his stupor in a small wooden chute, no room to move.
Dean eyed him incredulously. “
“What’s the matter?” the Demon laughed, blood dripping from the bare teeth on the side of his mouth. “Don’t you know when you’ve lost?”
“Enough, Fergus,” said the woman. Her northern brogue drew out the
“Grrt Hrsss.”
“I have been alive for a very, very long time, but I have never seen evidence of godhood. That said,” she shrugged, a red curl tumbling forward off her shoulder, “there are indeed forces. And some witches—and mages—live long enough, and grow powerful enough, that the difference may simply be…semantic.”
“Your—Your Majesty,” said Dean. His voice, too, was audible to everyone. “It wouldn’t be fair if you just gave me the rank, when everyone else had to work for it.”
Dean gasped at the sound. “Don’t look back, don’t look back,” he repeated desperately.
Angel turned his head and blew at him, close enough that Crowley’s hair lifted a bit from his forehead.
“But fairness should not just be discussed when it comes to rewards,” the king continued. “It must also be present when discussing punishment. Bring forth Horsemaster Gadreel.”
He had noticed, he had, but something had kept him from leaving. Something having to do with Dean’s smile, and how the muted colors in his equine vision didn’t mute the bright apple green of his eyes at all.
“Cas is powerful enough to be a god.”
His circuit finished. All of Horsetown waited, silent, for the verdict. Not even the smithy clanged with noise. The stallion himself still was trained toward him, and nickered: not a friendly sound, but not entirely unfriendly either. At length Gadreel turned to the expectant Salinger. “For this horse you may have one thousand crowns.”
But Dean didn’t train him. With the snow piling up and the days growing shorter, there was less work for everyone to do. Dean started visiting the paddock more often, especially since Impala would show up more often than not. Some days she would jump in with the others, and Dean would sit on the fence and laugh at her antics. Other days he would bring out all his grooming gear, and talk to her sweetly, not afraid to swat at her when she teased him, this enormous horse that most other people wouldn’t go near.
They tried it again with a large draft horse, a paint with large feathers that cascaded almost the entire length of his legs, but Angel showed a surprising amount of strength against him, and eventually the draft gave up and would not move forward either.
Dean grit his teeth and sneered. “Come on, Baby,” he said, giving Impala the slightest nudge with a barefoot. “Let’s warn Bobby.” She gave a mean-sounding rumble but took the suggestion, turning and almost immediately falling into her own gallop. Dean leaned low over her neck and let her have the speed; she slowed of her own accord when they reached the courtyard, pulling back to a canter and circling the perimeter, sending chickens squawking into the corners. Beryl was nowhere to be seen—had probably been taken inside by Jo—and the wagon was half unloaded. “Bobby!” Dean called.
“It’s just a feeling.”
“I know, it’s just…You already had to let me ride you and that must have been bad enough. But having to wear a saddle and all the gear and having people see you that way…It’s one thing for a horse, but for a prince?”
. Impala has been called by many names, though rarely her first and truest one. None were so lovely as “Baby,” which she treasures, for Dean shows her a fierce love and honest tenderness that she never before has known. But most people these days call her Impala, which Dean gave her as well, the day she found him.
The prince’s mouth quirked in a rueful smile. “Because of this?” he asked, touching a hand to his circlet.
There was really no moving a two ton animal if he didn’t want to be moved. So Dean rolled his eyes at Sam and nodded across the little creek. Sam shrugged, and they hopped on Impala’s back one at a time. With a soft touch of his heel to tell her they were ready, Impala waded through the stream and started trotting away. “Goodbye, Angel!” Dean called behind him.
“Go now!” Mom barked. “Go, Dean. And don’t look back.”
A rushing sound, soft at first.
am who they
They waited twenty seconds, thirty, as they trotted south. Finally an irritated whinny sounded across the little valley, and there was the unmistakable sound of hooves splashing through water. The Winchesters turned to watch Angel canter a little to catch up, before he took his place right behind the mare.
. He tripped as soon as the thought crossed his mind, almost tumbled over, but found his balance at the last second. He lowered his head and tilted it in the long grass, lifting his hands one by one—his feet, now—and saw that they were hooves, smooth and uncloven.
“What’s that?”
“For him to suffer, then,” said Dean. The sun was down past the trees and reached them weakly, but some of the odd plants and flowers glowed with faint blue and purple luminescence, flashing off Castiel’s black coat, highlighting the white scars.
Given how thick and long the knife was, it must have been a big animal. “Uh,” Dean began. “That’s not from a horse, is it?”
“Them and the rest of the village.”
“The chute?” Bobby. “Like in a rodeo?”
She tossed her head in a shrug, and trotted back to the other side of the paddock.
Metatron huffed in disbelief, but tried masking it with good humor. “Well, sure, but can story time wait until after the dragon is taken care of?” he said, somewhat sarcastically gesturing toward Cas as if he were presenting an exhibit.
Sometimes Castiel thought Dean had no idea what it was Metatron could truly do to him if he kept disobeying. Other times he feared that Dean knew exactly, and was defending him anyway.
“Well,” said Crowley, setting his empty glass on the table with a definitive
“I’m not sure,” Sam answered. “Dean said they just didn’t stop fighting, right to the end.”
Rowena sniffed disdainfully at his scone, but deigned to answer. “Fate implies that everything that will be is written as permanently as everything that has been. This negates free will. Are you believers in fate?” she asked, taking another bite.
“They were offered a choice no one else was. Willingly let themselves be stripped of their magic and live without, or swear fealty to one of the new monarchs. Few chose Lucifer, whose cruelty was well known, but there were some. Lilith, Alastair. Gabriel refused any who tried. So those who wanted to keep their power mostly went to Michael or his sister Raphael.”
Not just a knight, but a Reaper stepped out of the crowd. “I will,” said the Lady Billie.
“Now you mention it, Tessa came back with her group of knights about an hour before she showed up. Used magic to bring them from one place to another, apparently, as half of them were vomiting over it.” Bobby looked past Dean at Castiel, then scanned the area. “Where’s Sam?”
“He is no mage.”
As for how to deal with people wanting to figure out if they had magic or not, and the old establishment still very much against it, a preliminary measure had been put in place: a handful of people had been found in the city, with the help of willing mages, whose magic was strong enough to be detected even without its having been used. They were offered spots at the royal university, where they could develop their skill and prove their abilities to the naysayers. “They accepted me,” said Sam. “And Kevin!”
Sam’s jeans have a small hole above the left knee from being dragged over the stone floor of a crypt. Cas starts tugging at one of the loose threads there. “Well. It’s environmentally conscious.”
. He is half in the dark, alone.
Dean dutifully picks up three sizes of khakis before heading down the denim aisle.
Along with their dead skin flakes, cat’s hair, and deodorant stains, Dean thinks but keeps to himself. “Yeah, lotta history. Everything in here could be haunted,” he says instead. It’s not much of a joke.
When Dean doesn’t immediately respond, Cas does a little spin. The jeans fit ridiculously well, and Dean realizes in a far-off sort of way that Cas’s ass had always been hidden by the trench coat before.
He claps a hand on Cas’s shoulder — “Come on, bud!” — and steers him through the sliding entrance doors.
?  What’s your scene, clothes-wise? If we’re getting you kitted out, it’d be good to know what you even want.”
Cas pauses in his tugging of the thread. “I don’t like tags on the back of my neck,” he says, finally.
It’s a near-exact quotation of what Sam had said over dinner last night, when Cas had first brought up his big ‘everything I own should be secondhand’ idea.
Dean just sort of shuffles up to him, instead. Tries to make his footsteps extra loud so he doesn’t surprise him.
Dean fights back the frankly ridiculous urge to wish Cas good luck. “T-shirts are that way,” he says instead, gesturing again in their direction. Cas nods, holding the basket directly in front of his torso like a sort of shield, and Dean takes off towards Men’s Trousers.
“Oh shit, man, what size do you wear? Do you know?”
Cas is a weird little guy, yeah, but he’s not a truly
Dean spares a glance to Men’s Shirts, just to check in.
“Sam — uh, Sam mentioned it. When you were human, you liked peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Just jelly, not jam. For the texture.” Cas’s short bottom lashes send shadows onto the tip of Dean’s thumb as he sweeps it up just below his eye. “When you were human the first time, I mean.”
“Yeah,” says Cas, eyes wide as dinner plates, voice several octaves lower than usual.
Some sort of feeling bubbles up in Dean, and he tamps it down, rolling his eyes. “I mean, what do you
Dean takes a deep breath. “You all set?”
Cas moves — his right hand flying up to meet Dean’s, holding it in place against his face. He closes his mouth and then opens it again.
Cas is frozen, his mouth slightly open, his glowing eyes wide. To be fair, they are both frozen, besides Dean’s thumb. To the passing cars they must look idiotic: two adult men sitting stock still in the front seat of their car, the driver holding one arm straight out to assault his passenger’s face. Dean almost wants to put the hazards on.
“Yeah,” says Dean.
Thirty minutes, two six-packs of socks, three four-packs of boxers, and one ribbed white undershirt richer, Dean rolls his way back to Cas.
“These are the best fitting of the jeans,” says Cas, helpfully. “And the sweater you picked.”
Cas is in front, loitering just outside the doors with his hands in his pockets as he carefully considers the calendar.
Sam made the point, after Cas slunk away to his room to finish his plate alone, that this was the first time that Cas had actually, explicitly
A low hum of anger has been thrumming like a bassline through Dean’s blood since Cas has been back. Maybe that’s not fair — that particular melody has followed him his whole life. But Cas’s self-imposed martyrdom, the way he locks himself in his room all day, the way even promises to introduce him to Auntie Anne’s soft pretzels couldn’t convince him to let Dean take him to the mall and spend any amount of money on him — it hasn’t helped.
Dean surges on. “But thrift shopping, specifically. Any particular reason?”
Sam was immediately supportive, gassing up Cas’s ‘environmental consciousness’. As though that’s Cas’s motivation — like Cas hasn’t been making himself as small and resource-light as possible,  trying to convince Sam and Dean they live alone and never got him back at all. This guy isn’t aiming for a smaller ecological footprint, he’s looking to straight up disappear.
The point is he’s beefed up since then. Still, with his basket, standing frozen at the entrance of a secondhand shop as though at the edge of a cliff, he seems… small.
“Uh, acquaintance of yours?” Dean breaks the silence.
Cas loves him. Dean doesn’t know how long he’s been watching his socked feet pad around behind the curtain.
Cas is smiling — that tiny, curved line of his smile, and it very nearly meets his eyes.
But he doesn’t have to care about the tags anymore, nor does Sam. Cas will never have to.
. It was all he was able to do: turn the words over and over in his mind until they were smooth as river stones, until he knew for certain they couldn’t mean anything else. Cas was in love with him, unbrotherly love, and there was absolutely nothing Dean could do about it but sit there and think.
There are forty-seven minutes left until they hit the outer suburbs of Salina. “Alright, that’s a start,” says Dean. “I’ve got, uh, we’ve got some sewing stuff back home, I think we have a seam-ripper. If we get anything too tag-happy I can take those off for you.”
“I like it,” Cas continues. He’s fiddling with the cuff, scrunching it up to his elbows. “It’s very soft.”
Running off some deranged autopilot, Dean is reaching across the gap between them to cup Cas’s cheek in his left hand. His skin is very warm and slightly dry, soft and scratchy with stubble. Unbidden, Dean’s thumb slides slowly over the little peak of Cas’s cheekbone.
Down by the Seaside drifts into Ten Years Gone, and Dean fiddles the volume dial down about half, clearing his throat.
Sam’s clothes look like Sam, Dean’s clothes look like Dean. What looks like Cas?
“Uh,” says Dean.
“Okay, I don’t believe you, but sure,” says Dean. Cas is one of the pickiest, most finicky bastards Dean’s ever met. Dean made pizza (with homemade crust
When he catches Cas sleeping, it’s in a little ball, curled into the top left corner of his bed. He’s always completely still, betrayed as alive by breathing alone, and he’s never snored.
“So,” he says. “Thrifting, huh?”
“Right,” says Dean.
Cas closes his mouth.
Cas does not smile, still looking down at the back of that shirt. “I’m sorry to keep you waiting. I was just thinking — thinking of that, and… wondering.” His eyes tighten. “I think he might have enjoyed theater, had he had the chance to go to school. He was very outgoing. In an environment like this, where a group focuses on the same project, I think he would have gotten along well with his peers. I’m thinking — I’m wondering if he would have enjoyed it.”
The corners of Cas’s mouth are tugging up again, and there are crinkles gathering at the corner of his eyes. No glittering now. “I would like that very much, Dean. Thank you,” he says.
Left alone with the toe and his own thoughts, Dean remembers that Cas loves him.
The smile has dropped from Cas’s face, his eyebrows now pulling together, his hooded eyes more disappointed than ever. The late morning sun hits them at such an angle that they almost seem to glow, to emit a low, lake blue light. The sweater was a good choice — it matches almost exactly.
But now Cas is back, and Dean doesn’t have to think about it anymore. Dean can worry about other things — Cas needs to sleep, bathe, and eat. He needs to learn to appreciate memory foam and good water pressure. Dean needs to learn what kind of food Cas likes (pancakes, burgers, root beer), and what he doesn’t (sour candy, very hot peppers, hoppy IPAs).
Before he can fully leave Men’s Shirts, however, he’s waylaid. It’s a pattern recognition thing; someone racked a sweater in with the button-downs, a color in the swarm of blacks.
Dean watches Cas move glacially through knitwear. His hair is tufted up on one side from when he leaned up against the Impala's window earlier, and he’s squinting down at the rack like it’s personally offended him (or like he needs glasses). Looking at him now, Dean’s not sure if ‘respectable businessperson’ is the best way to describe him. It’s not enough, at least. Cas is something else.
“Yeah.” Cas is fully turning in his seat to watch the cows disappear behind them.
It had been a good night up until then. Dean had made breakfast-for-dinner: cinnamon pancakes with fancy maple syrup, the kind that comes in glass bottles, real from-the-tree shit. Cas had not only finished his plate but asked for seconds, and after nearly a month of his picking and poking at meals, Dean was ready to call this night a rousing success — until Cas started on about the secondhand shopping.
He’s spent hours, at this point, memorizing the way Sam’s chest rises and falls. He grips his blankets tight under his chin, and his hair does this sort of fan thing over the pillow that makes him look like an endangered tropical bird. He snores sometimes, too, which is hilarious and loosens the background tightness in Dean’s chest.
At the next glance, Cas catches his eye. Before he’s entirely aware of what he’s doing, Dean has crossed over three lanes to pull onto the side of the road.
“I don’t have shirts, trousers, or underwear of my own. To return yours I’ll have to find replacements.”
Cas is making his way down the t-shirt rack impressively slowly, thumbing through each garment one by one. He checks the armpits, interior of the collar, and side seams on each one as carefully as the one before. The basket’s only got one thing in it so far — something plain grey cotton. At the rate he’s going, he’ll reach the end of short-sleeve knits sometime in the next six hours.
Cas is still standing there. “Thank you, Dean,” he says.
This morning, Dean woke Cas up at eight AM and bundled him into Baby to start the hour and ten-minute drive to the nearest real suburb. If Cas is demanding secondhand clothes, Dean’s at least going to put him in the path of clothes that may have, at one point, been worth more than five bucks.
“No, right, I didn’t think of it either.” Dean continues holding the basket like a dumbass for a second, then jerks his hand away. “Well. We can, uh, guesstimate. If we split up, I’ll grab you a couple a’sizes of pants and you can try them on. I think for, uh, shirts —” Dean gestures to the appropriate racks — “you’re probably a large.”
“Do you want — tonight?” Not a sentence. “I mean — I was thinking, maybe I could make PB&J tonight. Seeing as it’s your favorite and we’re figuring out your taste. There’s a — some people grill ‘em. They say that you can never go back once you’ve tried them that way.”
None of this has anything to do with what kind of shirts Dean can buy him.
? Or feel like, or whatever?”
Cas is blinking, and Dean notices with considerable alarm that his eyes are glittering slightly in the buzzing fluorescent light.
Cas pulls back the curtain of his stall. He’s wearing Dean’s clothes — the clothes Dean picked. The white button-down, one of the dark jeans, and that sweater pulled over the top. Other than the sock feet, Cas looks like an adjunct English Lit professor.
Dean hasn’t been thinking about it. In the in-between, after Cas was taken and before they stole him back, he thought about it
Things are different now.
“Great, fantastic. But do you have any clue what you want these, uh, shirts, trousers, and underwear to
Some people, in some circumstances, could describe Cas as beautiful. Dean tries the word out in his mind, where no one can hear it or comment on it. He thinks it is, objectively, true, which makes it easier to hold in his head.
He’ll meet him in the middle, Dean decides, maneuvering to Men’s Button-Downs.
Sam says Cas just needs some time, that’s all. Guy got back from being dead (again) less than four weeks ago, and he had to become human (again) to do it, and the life he’s coming back to is different than the life he left. Sam would also say that cursing Cas out for being ‘too sad’ would qualify as a dick move.
The shop itself is slotted into a sort of shopping pavilion in a suburb outside Salina. There’s a teriyaki place to its left and a mom-and-pop’s dry cleaner to the right, all catacorner to a liquor store. The building itself is a nondescript grey-brown rectangle, recognizable only by the large red plastic letters labeling it VALUE PLAZA and the tag sale calendar plastered in the front window.
Jack is a hands-off God. As far as Dean knows, he’s never responded to prayer.
“Would you?” Cas asks him.
Cas told him to throw the old clothes away. Dean has them folded in the back of his closet.
His — Jimmy’s — regular getup was pretty destroyed by the Empty, and he’s rotated through borrowed t-shirts and sweatpants for the weeks following. Dean spent several late nights running through the old tricks, from lemon juice to baking soda to peroxide, but nothing was de-gooing those clothes. When Cas was graced up, he was capable of advanced dry-cleaning with a snap of his fingers; that’s probably lower on the list of things he misses from his time before the Empty.
one. He used to be kind of — Dean’s never figured out how to describe it. Twiggy, maybe, and ethereal. Like a stiff breeze might catch under the tails of his trench coat and carry him off back to heaven. Of course, at that point, he summoned gales and thunder just for the razzle-dazzle, and any flying he did was intentional.
Dean tries to keep his tone neutral. “I mean yeah, sure. Don’t get me wrong, not a problem you want your own duds. Opposite of a problem. I want my shirts back, you know, before you stretch them out too bad.”
Dean turns up the music.
Castiel mirrored him. “All of this mess happened in the first place—not just Metatron but the Border War too, all of it was because of the decisions my father made. Though I would try to be better, I am still his son. Won’t it be more of the same? Won’t it send the wrong message?”
“Forget Crowley!” Dean yelled. “When Cas got here he was starved, and he was tortured, and he was whipped within an inch of his life! Who gave you the right?”
“Winchester, to the southwest,” said Dean.
“Then what do you suggest?” Crowley sneered.
He tore his eyes away from his beautiful, perfect horse, in time to see Bobby dismounting from a chestnut riding horse, though free of tack. “Bobby!” Dean grinned.
“No,” said Crowley, his upper class airs deflating into something almost genuine. “You’re not, are you?”
“Great Horse?” the woman scoffed. “No such thing.”
“No,” he said shortly.
Gadreel had not moved, still staring hard at the black stallion, which Dean just could not think of as Commander. Certainly not in this state, upset and unnaturally docile. “Horsemaster?” Bobby prompted, picking up the dropped lead.
believe?”
“Metatron’s even older than me,” Rowena said. “It’s unlikely you would have won without help.”
They hopped over the fences to take the quickest way to the portion of the arena that had been built overnight, the chute where Angel was now house, kicking and gnashing. Bobby, Rufus, and several hands were trying to get the horse to settle, but the stallion looked beyond reason.
“Well, Great Horses aren’t actually real, but I work in magic and politics, not horses,” said Metatron, “so what do I know? Could it be, that this is a Great Horse?” He walked to the front of the horse, and took the lead from Bobby’s hands. The king tugged, turning the stallion’s head. “Could it be, that it has a soul? Could it be,” he said, lowering his voice in a manner that nevertheless carried, “that there’s a person, living right - in - here?” With his free hand, he tapped the stallion’s forehead, right in the middle of his star.
Cas snapped awake in an instant. He laughed and pulled Dean down on top of him, and they kissed, and kissed.
, instead of reaping the benefits of such a dastardly betrayal.”
“You ran to me, you mean,” said Rowena. She made a show of turning to address Sam and Dean. “I’m the only witch powerful enough to make any sort of defense against such a force.”
“My point is you said we’re sitting ducks and she said ‘would you.’”
As for the horse, he couldn’t help but be impressed by the sheer size of her. No signs of deprivation, there, since the whole prairie was her buffet. She was 18 hands at
“It is unlikely there is another answer,” Gadreel said sharply. “Commander behaves for him when he does not behave for anyone else. If you tried to mount him he would throw you in an instant, I’d stake my career on it.”
“He is special,” Billie said at last. “But then again, some horses are.”
As they approached Rowena and Crowley broke off their argument. Rowena clasped her hands and smiled at them. “Yes?”
Trust Cas to unwittingly bumble into the one thing Dean didn’t want to talk about. But maybe it was better to get it over with now. He could even leave before the morning dawned, and be back in Horsetown in time for the early chores. “I’m healed now. I’m good.”
Dean looked back and forth between Crowley and Angel. “What, you can understand him?” He crammed the second half of his scone into his mouth all at once.
The man lifted his head at the noise, and oh. He was handsome, despite the disheveled hair and the tired look. And those eyes…blue and bright and undeniable. He would recognize them anywhere, smaller though they were, but it couldn’t be. Could it?
She pursed her lips and sucked a breath in through her nose. “What does he look like?”
“Like Metatron.”
Cas pulled Dean’s hand toward him so he could cradle it in both of his own. “I don’t think we’re so different. I look at you and I see beauty, and nobility. I see someone else who was orphaned in the Border War, and understands that grief. I see someone who knows horses better than anyone I’ve ever met, which is good because sometimes I’m a horse. But most of all I see a man who is kind, and generous, and loyal to his friends. I see…” He trailed off, and Dean looked up into his gaze, scared but earnest. “Dean, I see the man I love.”
“It’s alright, kid,” he said. He nodded to the pile of tools on the ground. “You know how to use all of those?”
, the Lady Billie had said, and now he knew what she meant, because he felt it now. Angel was special like Impala was. Impala so often seemed to understand exactly what he was trying to get across to her. Maybe he could treat Angel the same way.
He had not known Castiel well, especially as he grew older and dove headfirst into his studies, but as a child he’d been sent by his father to the stables to learn how to ride as any royal should. Besides, as an inheritor of the magic inherent in the royal bloodline, he could be powerful enough to live as many centuries as his father, or the rumored millennia of his grandfather, Charles. Unnaturally long life was a great burden to bear, but it came with the responsibility of leadership as ordained by the gods, and gave them the time to become the master of many crafts. Becoming a horsemaster was not out of the question. While he didn’t get to teach the little Prince to ride, he had had the honor of showing him how to care for a horse once you’re done riding them. Bobby remembered how small he’d looked next to the horses, both the war horses and the big draft animals used for labor. Just a pale little boy with wild dark hair, and big blue eyes that hung on to Bobby’s every movement. He used let him clamber up to sit on the edge of the stalls, and spoil the horses by feeding them juicy red apples. He’d giggle at the feel of the horse’s lips on his little hand, grinning so big his eyes would scrunch up. And always - Bobby tried to ignore the pang in his heart at the memory - he’d look to Bobby to see if he were smiling too, as if he’d wanted nothing more than to share his joy. People who understand that animals aren’t objects, have souls of their own, they’re good people. And if a horse likes you in their turn, trusts you to care for them and feed them, well…you’re a good egg.
“I accept your job offer!” Sam echoed.
The king’s head turned. Dean gritted his teeth, clutching his hand to his chest, but Metatron just rubbed his jaw and worked his mouth a little. Then he gave him a false hangdog look. “Is that all you’ve got?”
There were twin shrieks of laughter, and they looked over to see Jo rolling around on the ground, and Sam laughing so hard he was clutching his sides.
“I’m thinking about sending a delegation to Gabriel’s court.”
“Not you boys,” Bobby told Sam and Dean. “You’re on stallion duty with me. Rufus?”
When even that was too much, he walked.
An outcry arose from the corner where the kitchen staff worked, and several scullery kids went dashing back to the kitchens to share the news.
Bobby and Rufus stood at the front of the pack with arms crossed and twin grumpy expressions. Sam, Dean, and Jo tried to hide their smiles at the sight. “Whoa,” Jo said, pulling gently on the reins. Beryl came to a halt, and the wagon with him. She grabbed a bag stored directly behind her, and jumped from her seat. “Bobby,” she greeted. “Rufus.”
A few more stunners got close, but no horse could match Impala for speed, not even her children. Angel must have been made of similar stuff, because every time she put on an extra burst of speed the stallion matched it. Coupled with their black coats, dark against the velvet of night, their pursuers were soon left behind.
Rowena led him to a pair of wicker chairs sat up against the glass windows. They were unlike any other kind of wicker, though, the woven plants looking healthy and even sprouting leaves here and there. The cushions on them were green with embroidered white and gold flowers. When she relaxed back into one of them, she looked at once at home and also like a queen, her red hair radiant as a crown amidst all the greenery.
“Doesn’t matter. Demons.”
“Reapers,” said Sam, already knowing the answer. “We’ve always been told that the king makes the spells and gives them over. But they have their own magic, don’t they?”
He cried out, but no dragon with all the fire in the world could express such heartache. Castiel flapped his wings, writhing, and then his body began to shrink. His silver and black scales tinkled together as they squeezed in on him, and he diminished.
“The two and only,” Dean quipped. He slapped a coin on the little makeshift counter.
When Castiel first opened his eyes as a man, he did not know what he was.
The king relaxes, and melts into his consort, and they kiss. Impala turns her head to give them some privacy, but not for too long. Even horses as strong as she need their rest, and so too does royalty. She taps her hoof on the ground to get their attention. “Okay, Baby,” says Dean as he breaks away, though he’s still smiling at Castiel. They each grab a comb. Castiel takes to her mane, and Dean, her tail. They rode long and hard that day, starting as the sun was rising, and they covered a greater swathe of land than is their wont. Between the wind and the dirt, there are many knots and snarls.
“But—”
—Michaeretz’s warrior elite. Unlike regular troops or even knights, they are entrusted with magic spells to aid them in battle.
.” He didn’t think he’d ever been so enraged in his life. Most of it was fueled by the shame that ate away inside of him, knowing that he’d helped put Angel there when he couldn’t defend himself. Wasn’t going to let him free when he most needed defending now. “Everybody, back off!” He shoved his way to the chute, and stood at the front end of it. They’d already put a halter on the horse to make him easier to get back into the chute later. He waited for his chance and grabbed it on either side, forcing the stallion’s head down. “Hey,” he said, when he met resistance, “hey!” When Angel stopped resisting, he guided his nose to point to one side. Horses couldn’t quite see straight on, and he wanted one of those big blues trained only on his own face. “Hey,” he said more softly. “You know me? You know me, don’t you buddy? My brother and I sleep near you. We brush you. We feed you at night. We aren’t gonna hurt you. See?”
, which can be translated as land, country, etc. The name Michael, of course, is also Hebrew in origin. I did have a discussion with a friend who has a passing knowledge of Hebrew, and she explained to me that it’s not a language given to compound words in the way Germanic languages (like English) are. The owner typically also comes after the possession, so it seems backwards. From that perspective, something like Eretz Michael looks a little better to a Hebrew-knowledgeable eye. We also tossed around using Mamlakhi, Mamlakhah, or other derivations of the Hebrew word for “kingdom,” but ultimately I decided against it. This is because, mostly, it felt too out of place on a continent in which all the other names were derived from Indo-European languages (and I didn’t want “Michael” as a standalone in a name). I meant no disrespect to students or speakers of Hebrew, so if you found it jarring I apologize.
(again, to butcher the language was not my intent). This is the proper Rafaelian term for the Eastern Marshes which form the natural border between the queendom and Michaeretz.
Rowena sniffed. “You can leave anytime, Fergus.”
“But let’s get straight to business!” Metatron spread his hands. “You were magnificent out there today.”
“My turn,” he said.
“Sam!” Dean grabbed his arm and tried to pull in front of him to block any incoming attack, but Sam just elbowed him back.
“Hi,” Dean breathed.
Mom whipped around to guard the door, while Dad looked to their sons. He grabbed an arm on each of them and lifted them clean off the bed. Then he took Dean by the shoulders, and bent to peer straight into his eyes. “Take your brother and do not lose him.”
“The- The Greenwood? Because she said something a little weird you think we should go into the Greenwood Forest? Shit, Sam.” He flopped down and sat where he stood, burying his face in his hands.
Dean followed his brother as he pushed through the crowd to meet him. The teenager was panting and sweaty. “Oh good,” he gasped. “Dean’s with you.” He put his hands on his knees and breathed hard.
A moment of silence.
Dean had no idea where Sam thought this conversation was going, but he sure understood that. “Hey,” he snarled, “back off,
The castle gates led into a large stone courtyard with the tourist royal stables on the left, and other buildings to the right. The castle was directly ahead, its massive doors already wide open as servants and members of the court went about their business. When he followed the attendant up the stone steps and inside, he gaped.
Suddenly the stallion seemed to realize that only men were holding him back now. He reared and bucked and pulled, gnashing his teeth at anyone who ventured too close. Dean urged Impala to intervene in hopes it would work a second time, but Gadreel was faster. He stepped up to the panicking horse, drew a powder from his pocket, and blew. The horse sneezed once, twice, and then he stood still. Unnaturally still.
“No what ifs,” she said firmly. “Lucifer, Charles, even Michael have taken so much from me. From you and your brother. From Castiel, from my son, the whole damn world! Do not let them take your power from you, too. Don’t be scared of the only thing that will see you past this. You must embrace it, Sam. Don’t you dare let them win.” The lines of her face were hardened into a snarling mask, and Sam could feel it, her magic, pulsing in the air and shaking the windows, lifting her red curls so they floated around her. Her eyes gleamed bright purple with an inner light.
“What about her?” Dean asked, defensive. He’d ended up on the opposite side of the barrels as Impala’s stall, and he looked a second away from vaulting them to get to her.
“The news from abroad hasn’t changed significantly.”
are you, instead.”
“Well,” said Crowley, holding up a hand and pushing out, which made the plant holding Dean’s arm push the knife down and away, “why don’t you take a moment to actually think and ask who benefited from the disappearance of the princeling?”
Castiel swallowed, clutching the coin to his chest. “No.”
interesting,” said Metatron. “I can see it in your aura, yes, there it is!” He clasped his hands together and put an exaggerated frown on his face. “And he doesn’t even know you’re a person.” He shook his head in false sympathy.
Dean finished off the last of Cas’s mane and hurried after him. The outer room had saddles and halters, reins and bridles, all the equipment for every day riding or drafting. Armor belonging to the horses of particular knights were kept with that knights’ armor in storage in their own estates. But this inner room, which Dean had almost never been allowed into, held armor rarer by far. Some of it was of an older style, since fallen out of fashion, like armor made of glittering scales that would drape over a horse like a cloak, tightly woven mats of wicker, leather in a thickness that had long been made obsolete by the best archers. There were foreign pieces, like a chanfron with devil’s horns from Luciterra, ancient bronze armor from Rafaelia, and even a few prize chest plates from other lands across the oceans.
. She knew to be the best mother she could be she had to be the best version of herself, and that version was both a man and a woman, who dared to step outside her bounds and help who needed helping, and did what needed doing.”
He knelt there a few moments longer, trying to keep himself from flying apart with all that had happened during the night. They weren’t out of the woods yet. After their years of wandering Impala surely knew the country’s terrain better than Sam and Dean did, and had, by memory or instinct, avoided any town or village on the journey. But before much longer they would need water, lots of water for both man and horse, and food if they were able to find it. As if she shared his thought, Impala nudged his back with her muzzle. Dean took one last deep breath and stood to face, allowing himself to nuzzle her soft, sensitive nose like he had as a boy. “Whaddaya say, Baby, can you carry both of us, like you used to?”
Sam turned a hard look onto his brother. “You don’t know that.”
“What are you hinting at?”
(forest) and
“Reminds me of someone,” said Bobby. Sam and Dean whipped around to see the Royal Stablemaster in his official yellow and white tunic, hat gone and hair slicked back. Rufus came up behind him in similar attire, tugging uncomfortably at his color. Bobby threw a thumb over his shoulder. “Smartass siblings wreaking havoc and planning trouble?”
Gadreel flicked his eyes to Dean, but then returned to the target of his hatred. “Because the king, in his wisdom, did not want to take away the fond memories of the people. Wouldn’t serving the country as a horse be penance enough for his sins? So I agreed.
By the time he was done telling Bobby the finer points of getting tangles out of a horse’s tail, Sam and Jo were up and feeding the chickens, by the sound of it.
He just fucking stands there.
Cas looks from the stack to Dean to the basket before gently accepting it, hand closing on the handle as far away from Dean’s as it possibly could while still holding the same object. “I’m not sure,” he responds. “I’m sorry, it didn’t occur to me to measure.”
He just stands there. He should do something — Cas believes that Dean is the sort of person who would do something: say something comforting, somehow eddy the grief rolling off Cas into something else. Put a hand on his shoulder, tell him it’s alright, tell him Jack’s happy, something. But Dean isn’t the guy Cas thinks he is. All he can imagine is shaking Cas by the shoulders and begging him to never cry again, make him promise that Dean will never have to see it again, because Dean is selfish.
Cas’s eyes dart quickly to Dean before returning to the shirt. “Oh, no. I was just thinking.”
“Dean,” says Cas, beautiful. “Thank you.”
Three or four times a year John — Dad — would thunder back into the motel room from some hunt, take a look at Sam and his too-short pants (or his too-short sleeves, or John’s own shredded-by-a-poltergeist flannel) and let Dean know he had to go shopping. Once Sam hit twelve he insisted on coming along, trailing after Dean and offering his endless (uniformly negative) opinions on every single under-three-dollar garment Dean tossed into the cart. Dean liked the trips better than, even if he had to explain and explain that they could only get clothes with the tags in the colors on sale.
“It looks good, man.”
Cas is shotgun, hands folded in his lap like Sunday school. He’s in hand-me-downs: a faded AC/DC t-shirt of Dean’s, bunching a little tight at the shoulders, and a pair of Sam’s jeans rolled up four times at the ankles. They’d set him up with Dean’s backup boots, identical to his regulars (you never want to own just one pair of shoes — you can’t know when they’ll get their toes incinerated in holy fire or soles disintegrated by ectoplasm). They have the same shoe size, but otherwise, nothing fits quite right.
for something since before the Empty, and it wasn’t Dean’s place to decide whether or not it was ‘good enough for him’. Dean was also informed that he was being a massive dick and asked what was so wrong with thrift shopping in the first place.
When Dean was younger he spent a lot of time with calendars like that, the ones that detail what color tags are at a discounted price on what day. Not all stores advertise them, some only announce tag sales over the intercom. Dean would have to either kick around the better half of an afternoon waiting for the announcement or go play up some Oliver Twist routine to a checkout lady so that she would maybe skip asking questions about why an unaccompanied eleven-year-old needed to know about the sales on Men’s Jeans and jump straight to telling him if it was red or green half off today.
Cas has divided the garments into two neat piles, his accepted pile significantly smaller than the rejects. He pulls the accepted over his arm, the way Dean was carrying the clothing earlier. The corners of his mouth are still tugged gently upwards, and on anyone else, it wouldn’t count as a smile — but for Cas, he’s practically beaming. “Yeah, I’m ready,” he says, looking up at Dean.
Dean looked back.
Rowena’s red lips split into a sardonic smile. “A lie, Sam. A false little idea that spread like Hellfire.”
As a bonus children were more open to the divine, so she called the wind to form her name in his tiny shell of an ear so that a human might understand.
“I know,” he said. “My parents killed him.”
“He still won’t let anyone near him,” Bobby said. “Supplies are to your left.”
Castiel’s smile widened, then he ducked his head. Dean noticed for the first time that there was a large window in the side of the room with the panes thrown wide open. Sunlight streamed in, catching the silver circlet in Cas’s dark hair, and pulling a streak of rainbow from the perfectly round diamond in its middle and spilling it onto the white bedsheets. The jewel sat on the prince’s forehead exactly where his star had been as a horse. It was one thing to understand in the abstract, but this was Angel. And he was royalty.
“But it’s over now. Let me take you home.”
After a while Impala found a patch of grass that suited her, and started eating. She was a big horse and could munch all day. At the halt Sam dropped and laid on the ground, hands behind his head, skygazing. Dean sat back up and scanned the eastern horizon. While there was a single rider on their way in, and a small group of travelers on foot heading out, the road was quiet. All of Horsetown was quiet today, in fact, and the bustle of the city was distant enough to be a hum no more niggling than a fly's. No knights had yet sent down to have their horses prepared for a day’s work, and Bobby ran the stables so well that there was nothing beyond the usual upkeep. It was good, Dean thought idly as he braced his hands on Impala’s back, and slowly pulled himself to a handstand. Maybe they’d have time to share with Jo what they’d learned since last they saw her. You could learn a lot from watching squires and knights train.
“I am a knight, Sam,” the Lady Billie said. “I have sworn my loyalty to the crown and kingdom of Michaeretz. But,” she paused. The word hung in the air. The breeze slowed as if nature itself were holding its breath. “I
them, had used the power she wielded for the benefit of all her subjects. They whispered prayers in her honor and those who were able, followed.
But then there was Angel, leaping out in front of him. Dean jerked so hard to get out of the way he fell, face and hands in the forest dirt. “What the fuck?” He wrenched himself to his feet and tried to give the stallion a wide berth, but every time he feinted left or right, the horse blocked him. His blue eyes flashed and he stamped his hoof, posturing. “Get out of my WAY!” Dean growled.
But the story of Castiel having turned into a dragon had spread widely, and with enough witnesses to back it up—and Cas’s penchant for growing wings to fly to different parts of the region—many people had also concluded that that was enough evidence for kinghood in and of itself.
Angel stretched his neck, mouth reaching toward him—Dean took a sharp breath, bracing himself for the pain of a bite—but the horse just nudged it gently. He almost collapsed himself. “There you go, buddy. There you go.” Permission granted, he carefully crawled into Angel’s space, and picked up the apple. “Hungry? Can you eat anything?” The horse grumbled, but bit into it. Dean almost went to stroke his neck, before he stopped in the nick of time. Too many wounds for it to be anything but painful for the horse.
Dean rolled his eyes and used the jam first, since that was the knife he was holding. “What’s the difference between ‘abnormally’ lucky, and fate?” After slapping a healthy dollop on, he switched knives with Sam, and dug into the clotted cream.
South of the main stables were where the paddocks and fenced pastures spread along the edge of the wild. As they passed them, Dean noted the behavior of the other horses, most of them with eyes and ears trained in that direction. Some stood stock still, assessing, but others found retreat to be the better part of valor, and headed to the northern parts of their enclosures. The animals not fenced in, even further south of the paddocks, dozens of bands of horses that spent their nights in the royal stables, cantered to the left and right, creating a clear corridor from the country to Horsetown. Impala stopped in the middle of it, snorting and pawing the ground.
Crowley recognized the double crown. “When you get to be my age,” he told the prince, “you will find yourself in constant battle against people with short memories.”
The first time he saw Dean in full color, he was covered in red.
Dean clenched his jaw and looked only at Angel, not believing what he was hearing. Was the king
“So I need tack and a full set of royal horse armor.”
“Dean!”
“A loss of free will,” she said. “It’s only been reported of humans under the thrall of evil mages, so maybe it won’t affect Angel. Or maybe his much bigger body is simply buying him more time. This can’t last, Bobby.”
“Don’t underestimate his pettiness,” Crowley returned. “Metatron wanted Castiel’s position, his power. The whole mess of his jealousy and frustration is what underlies his wish to harm.”
“A couple more days, then,” she answered, smiling.
She stops a little sooner than she usually might for Dean to dismount, and as expected he leaps from her back the moment he can. Dean removes his helm as he walks up to Castiel, who patiently waits with his arm braced above his head on the doorframe. He wears no crown today, nor fine fabrics, nor glinting gold. Instead he wears simple brown trousers and a loose white shirt with the laces untied, so that it billows slightly in the breeze. The collar gapes so that the tail end of a red scar is visible where it curls from his shoulder onto his neck; the whip wound coupled with his bare feet and tousled head might place him more easily among the peasants than royalty. But his smile is bright as his lover draws near. For all his knightly accoutrement Dean embraces the king with gentleness, and Castiel cups the back of his husband’s head with more command and protectiveness than the helmet caught between them. They are equals where their lips meet.
“No,” she agreed. “But then Chuck used a spell with even more power than they had combined.”
Out of the corner of his eye Dean saw Kevin lurking in the background. He motioned him over and handed him the saddle directly. “Make sure everything gets there in one piece, yeah?” he said in an undertone.
“Nevertheless.”
Bobby led the way back into the stables, taking a right in the colonnade to start heading to Sam and Dean’s corner, the one with the troublemakers. Stable kids and other young servants of Horsetown scattered at their approach; that was definitely Alicia’s hair trailing around a corner. They soon found themselves alone but for Impala, who paced them by a few lengths as they made their way down the hall.
Castiel opens the stable door wide enough for Impala and Dean to walk in abreast of each other. Dean sets his helm aside and unstraps his weaponry as she ambles over to the grooming station. Castiel shuts and secures the stable door and helps Dean finish removing his gauntlets, setting them next to the helmet on the table there for just such a purpose. But Dean waves him away before he can start on the rest of his personal armor. “I have to take care of Baby first.”
“Neat.”
“Your mom, too?” Dean asked. The twins nodded. “She tell you to where she wanted you?”
Dean sat up onto his elbow. “What? Why?”
Bobby shook each of their hands. “Glad to have you, Mr. and Mr.—what’s your family name?” The boys looked at each other, then shook their heads at Bobby. “Where are you from, then? Originally?”
Someone in the crowd started clapping, and the applause spread across the square and beyond. After a moment, Gadreel bowed. “Your servant ever, my king.”
When he opened the door, it only took him a split second to realize what was going on. In addition to a big sword and a big bow, those boys must have come into town with a big horse, too. A big black one, in fact. And those drunk idjits were looking to steal it away to earn a little cash in the capital. One of them was even trying to lift himself onto the horse’s back, but it was having none of it. The boys weren’t, either, though a horse that size was more than capable of defending itself. The older one was trying to wrestle one of the men to the ground, to some surprising success, and the little one had pulled a knife from nowhere and was feinting toward another, who roared with laughter and tried to strike the kid.
