When the elevator came to a stop, Lara was stunned. The doors opened, revealing the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent to be trying to rip the control panel for the elevator off the wall.
"Yup," Oswin said, popping the "p". "So long as I don't get caught filming, but I don't think that's going to be a problem.
Once the CDC had shown up and deemed them "clean enough," they could exit the showers. Upon their exit, they were given clean undergarments and identical sets of dark blue scrubs to wear. The clothes they had been wearing were taken to be incinerated as soon as they stripped them off. Even if they washed them, there was a chance that particles of the powder could still be clinging to the clothing's fibers and could make someone sick. So, off to the furnace they went. Tony wouldn't be too mad about it if they hadn't taken his sunglasses, too.
"Really?" Stark kept his voice calm and even, giving Natasha little insight into what he was really thinking. "And if it's not the right report – and Fury knows this – why is it still in my file?"
"It probably isn't," Tony admitted. "But it's not like it can be helped. We're in crisis-mode and I can't leave Pepper to deal with it by herself, especially when I technically haven't been to work in two weeks." Steve still looked like he had reservations, but nodded, nonetheless.
Greek yogurt. That had to mean it was easier to break down, right? Steve seemed skeptical about that argument but given his unfamiliarity with modern food science and standards, he let it go.
A letter containing weaponized Ebola and the H5N1 virus was opened in Avengers Tower, exposing Clint, Tony, Steve, and Natasha to the viruses. Bruce has been working with Betty Ross to solve the mystery of who did it and why, and whether or not any of the Avengers could actually be infected. Unfortunately, Clint has started showing symptoms, and Bruce and Betty have uncovered evidence that the threat could be very real.
"Does it even really matter?" Sharpton said. "I didn't even get to kill you, or your little boy toy, or that faggot Stark!"
Knowing that both Pepper and Conroy were going to be at the tower to celebrate their great achievement of creating the world's first self-sustaining skyscraper (or drowning their misery with champagne if things had ended up going the other way) he decided it would be the perfect opportunity to invite Steve over. With the two girls there, he'd have a bit to get comfortable and figure out what he was going to say, and once they left he planned to lay it all out for Steve; admit that he had sexual and maybe even romantic feelings for him. If Steve reciprocated, that'd be great. Then they'd figure out what to do from there; whether they wanted the whole "relationship" thing or just keep things casual and maybe work up to that. The thought of that was scary to Tony, but not as scary as the more likely result – that Steve would reject him. As much as he liked to keep his hopes high, Tony knew that this was how it would probably end up, which was why he busted out the good champagne for tonight. He got the horrible feeling that he'd be drowning his misery no matter what, and it was only getting worse now that the tower had been lit up without a hitch. Something was going to go wrong tonight. He could just feel it.
"I know," Steve said. "And I appreciate that you're here. I'm sure Tony does, too, but I highly doubt that we're worrying about the same things." Pepper frowned in confusion.
"You better clench up, Legolas," he said before blasting off and taking Clint to his designated lookout point. Steve turned to Thor.
Which was natural to assume. After all, a guy dressed like Michael Myers just put a camera over a hotel room bed. Anyone with half a brain cell would assume that someone was about to be raped and murdered on camera. Hitting the fast forward button on the VCR, Rhodey retrieved the phone from its cradle on the side table, trying to remember what the number for the FBI was.
Tony didn't give any response. He was, in fact, happy with himself and had no regrets. He didn't even try to argue with the points the doctor had made. He had been paying attention, at least to the part where she had told him that his immune system had been completely wrecked and it was imperative to his recovery to stay in the hospital, he just couldn't bring himself to care about his own personal safety at the time. So really, he had nothing to argue with her about. Except, maybe the fact that she assumed either Pepper or Conroy was his girlfriend. That, he kind of took issue with. However, he couldn't bring himself to argue about anything. Not now. The drugs were too strong.
"Only temporarily," he tried to assure. "A few hours; a day at the most. I have somewhere for him to go, I need to make a call and get ahold of a plane first." Tony sighed.
Tony didn't look at his phone right away when the little chime indicating he had received a text message went off. He was busy trying to get around S.H.I.E.L.D.'s firewalls. When he did finally get a chance to look at it several minutes later, he was needlessly surprised by the contents of the message.
Remember kids, search "onision chris hansen" on YouTube. Seriously, this guy's behavior is out of control and I honestly believe more people should be aware of him and his spouse, Cool Guy Kai. I don't want any more children to fall victim to their manipulation and the only way to ensure that is to make more adults aware of what they're doing. Look out for all the children in your life, please.
"Because of what?" Tony said as he pulled himself up to his feet. "Don't be shy. Share with the class because I really don't understand what I did wrong." Steve felt a sharp pang go through his chest.
"Pepper." Happy's tone was more cautious than disapproving, clearly not wanting to push anyone in a direction that would make them upset. Pepper brushed some hair out of her face as she took a breath.
"God damn," Tony muttered, briefly touching his fingers to his lips. "I needed that." It was then Steve's turn to give a flirty smirk.
"Like me, and Happy, and…" Just like that, Rhodey was out of people, causing him to frown again. "You know, it doesn't matter the amount of people," he quickly saved. "What matters is the impact you have on them, and personally, you've had a huge impact on me." Tony's eyebrows raised in surprise.
"Regardless," she said. "I don't see why I can't just do all the other paperwork and leave that to you."
"Some people have reported smelling things that others did not before experiencing a seizure," Bruce said. "Normally it's the smell of chemicals or burning wires."
The pamphlet was far from a detailed gospel, but it did paint a picture of what the People's Unity Church generally believed. Apparently, human beings were not of Earth. Originally, they had been the inhabitants of a world called Aurelia, known as the Raël. The Raël were essentially the purest beings in the galaxy. However, that couldn't save them from mass extinction. First there was a plague, then they became entangled in a war in which they had no stakes. They were being hunted by an alien race known as the Kree, and the only way to save themselves was to send their souls to a planet with an unlimited number of empty vessels (bodies) ripe for the taking. This was supposedly how the Earth came to be inhabited.
Anyways, if you liked this chapter, you know what to do. I'm just going to look up pictures of teacup pigs doing random mundane tasks to try to cheer myself up.
"I have implants," Clint explained. "S.H.I.E.L.D. installed them. They actually allow me to hear better than I did before." Mostly because he had already had twenty-percent hearing loss before he went totally deaf and the implants brought him up to the level of a person without any hearing loss.
So, Tony was forced to listen to the board's questions and concerns about the Avengers all over again, only to give them the same answers. It was worse now, though, given the disaster of the Washington D.C. trip, and now they had the bio-terror attack to prosecute him about. Additionally, the some of the board members had taken notice of Lara's absence and that she was seemingly replaced by the woman formerly known to them as "Miss Rushman." Now that they knew that she was more commonly known as the Black Widow – a former KGB operative-turned-S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and now apparently an Avenger – they were not exactly thrilled about it.
"Tony?" He ignored it. It was probably just his imagination again. He kept all his concentration on trying to look like he was paying attention to what the guy in front of him was saying.
"Well, I'd have to tell Pepper if she asked me point-blank," he said. "But other than that, I wouldn't tell anyone."
"I'm already trapped here," he said. "I don't really think I should be forced to give up anything else." The doctor gave Clint what he could only describe as a pitying look.
"Alright," Barton said. "Now that we're away from the PR guru…" He gestured over to the table several feet away from where Freeman was sitting. "…Can I just hear honestly whether the media was going after us?"
Freeman then turned and walked out. Everyone stood there for a moment in a shocked, yet awkward silence.
"Close it." Steve gave the command, but his voice was far too soft, weak… The Avengers may have stopped the Chitauri, but Steve Rogers was completely and utterly defeated. Just as he and Tony finally acknowledged there was something between them… No, he couldn't go through that thought process now. He just… He needed…
Am I the only one who thinks "Killer Queen" is the perfect nickname for Carol? I mean come on, "she's a killer queen/gunpowder gelatine/dynamite with a laser beam/guaranteed to blow your mind/anytime" I feel like those lyrics describe her perfectly. ...Or at least how the MCU wants us to see her (and how I actually intend to write her.)
"Well, I think I found a bit more than that." Coulson and Hill then stepped out of the way so the medical team could get by. It was then that Hill was struck by how quick and frantic their movements were. However, if she hadn't caught a glimpse of the body as it was wheeled by, she probably wouldn't have believed it herself.
"The worst thing I've done was destroy Harlem," he said. "The public already knows about that, so it's not really like I have anything to hide." Freeman nodded.
of something metal being put on the ground. The door then shut. A pair of footsteps could be heard crossing the room. The person picked up the metal object (which Steve now guessed to be a chair), carried it to his bedside and sat down.
Around four o'clock Lara was starting to wrap things up for the day. She was trying to decide whether she wanted to stop and get something at Subway or wait until she got home and figure something out from there. Her thoughts were interrupted when her office's landline rang. She hit the speakerphone button as soon as it finished its first ring.
"Yes ma'am," the woman reassured Fury's second-in-command. "I calculated exactly how much diazepam his body would need to remain in a relaxed state without overdosing. He shouldn't react violently." Hill considered the woman's words carefully for a few moments.
"Yes," Duran said. "I can't explain how, but he's committed dozens of murders over the course of the past twelve hours. I know you're involved with the robbery at Stark Industries, but the best thing you can do for yourself right now is to turn yourself in and get Nina some protection."
"Oh," he said. "I guess Fury forgot to mention that you're not the only superhero game in town anymore."
"Oh, I know," Tony said. "But I can get your phone to block calls from another, specific phone. That way they can't use something like WhatsApp to message you anonymously or try to mask their phone number."
"Do you know anyone who has in the past, or is currently working at Stark Industries?" Annabeth raised an eyebrow at that.
The night before they flew out to D.C., Tony had been working on the MK13 armor. It wasn't as ready for use in battle yet and he was more likely to call for the MK12 if something had happened, but he still felt the need to but the MK13 on standby, just in case. Thankfully, Armageddon didn't rain down upon them, so there ended up being no need.
Duran's smirk became wider and she took a few steps closer to the window. When she really looked through it, her smirk fell. Oswin had her head down and her arms were pressed to he chest. She was clearly crying. Duran couldn't feel anything but pity for her.
Tony wasn't going to lie, he was scared that the HIV test was going to come back positive. The rational part of his brain was trying to argue that he had never taken intravenous drugs from anyone besides a doctor and he hadn't had sex in over a year. However, he still had that niggling little doubt in the back of his mind. What if it did come back positive? What if all the tests he took prior to this were wrong. It was a small chance, but with something as serious as AIDS involved, the small chances were always the scary ones.
Instantly Tony was sitting up and trying to get a better look at the object held in Clint's arms. Sure enough, it was a puppy.
Tony could hear genuine remorse in her tone, but still didn't let his guard down. Dr. Cranston took a sip from a water bottle she kept on her side table and collected herself. Pushing her hair back, she looked Tony right in the eye.
When Clint opened his eyes, his head felt groggy. He had no idea how long he'd been out for. His nose was stuffed up and his throat hurt a bit, but it was nothing compared to the awful dream that he had.
"Drop the formalities, Salinas," he said. "We're alone; nobody's going to know." Instantly Salinas' face dropped, and he let out a breath of relief."
She pulled back the quilt and pried the blue blanket out of his grasp so she could reach the rest of his clothing. The pants she got off rather easily, but she let him keep his underwear just for boundaries' sake. Next was his vest and after that was the dress shirt. As she started to unbutton it, though, she began to see a strange pattern on his undershirt. Curious, Carol used one finger to pull down the hem of the shirt's neckline, revealing a palm-sized metal cylinder implanted in Stark's chest.
"Glad to hear that," Dr. Cranston commented. "So, Mr. Stark, if you're ready, why don't we head into my office?"
Once her mind calmed, Carol began looking for any way to distract herself. She'd already been waiting for quite a bit of time and she was wondering where that doctor was. She ran her fingers through her hair and was disgusted to find that the ends of it were rather dry and brittle. Pulling a few strands closer to her face, she rubbed them between her fingers and watched as it disintegrated right before her eyes.
"I'm good. It's nice to see you as well." That was an outright lie but it would be even more of a lie to return it and say it was
Back then, it was common for VHS collectors and bored college kids to pass tapes around to their inner circles. Most of it was innocent; cheesy yet hilarious video dating profiles, amateur footage of some poor soul's mishap jumping into a swimming pool, even short films and underground cult classics. A well-known example would be the animated short
"Yeah…" Steve half-croaked, half-gasped out. His own voice sounded foreign to him. "I'll be sure to do that…" Steve's eyes scanned everything within his field of vision. He couldn't turn his head left or right, so he could only really look at what was in front of him, which was the man's face and the ceiling tiles above them. "Where am I?"
"Okay," Tony reluctantly agreed. Steve couldn't help but give him another worried glance as he let go of his hand and started baking away. It looked like Tony was trying with all his might not to fall asleep.
"I am," he lied. The looks on both Happy and Pepper's faces told him that it wasn't being bought. "Look what do you want me to say? I fucked up horribly and I can't fix that, and I hate it, but there's nothing that can be done about it. Besides, I think we should be focusing on more urgent matters right now, like keeping Courtney Love over here from doing in her own husband." Pepper and Happy caught that he was trying to deflect, but before they could say anything about it, Lara took the bait.
"Now can we be done with all of this sappy bullshit?" Tony asked. "Because this detoxing thing has me really emotional and if I cry again, I'm going to be pissed."
The others were already seated in the living area when he walked out. Clint and Natasha were sitting in two of the armchairs while Bruce and Lara had the loveseat, leaving the couch open for him and Steve. Steve took the lead in bringing them to their seats and with everyone's eyes on him, he felt almost like a bride being led down the aisle by her father on her wedding day, only instead of a beautiful husband, he would be directed to the slaughter. It made his stomach churn weirdly. …Or was that the hangover, too? He couldn't be sure.
"No." Although that list of symptoms was concerning, Steve did hone in on one of them. "Wait, confusion? What do you mean by that?"
"No," he said. "It's been quiet all…" Scratching sounded at the door and it was far from normal scratching. It sounded like a caged wolf trying to escape its pen. Clint's face fell. "Shit."
"Hey," Lara said. "Susanna Hoffs is a gift unto this world, and I will not hear otherwise. Understand?" Tony just gave her a look of disgust before hitting the "reject call" button.
"Yeah, we're not going to that," Lara said. "I've already worked it out with Pepper. We don't have to go."
"Try to tell your professor that," Clint said. "Or whoever it is on the other side of the computer that grades your homework and reads your papers."
Thanks to Balletgrl046 for leaving a comment and theskullycat and the 3 other guests that left kudos on AO3! It really means a lot!
"I know!" Tony looked shocked at his own outburst. He took a deep breath. "I'll eat," he assured. "I'll eat. Just don't worry." Steve put a hand on his shoulder.
"Fury did promise Stark that he could talk to Rogers as soon as he woke up." Coulson's reminder seemed to solidify her decision.
"Or we can discuss this now," Tony interjected. Pepper held up her hand in the stop signal a little higher.
"Sure, I do," Tony said. "Your buddy Nick like that I told him that I didn't want to join his half-assed version of the Justice League of America and sent you to spy on me. What more is there to understand?"
"Everything," he said. Tony rolled his eyes. "Everything I've done since this whole thing started that hurt you. I'm sorry I canceled our plans last-minute. I'm sorry for getting upset with you for trying to hack into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s files – you ended up being right about that. I'm sorry for everything I said back in the lab. The only thing I'm not going to apologize for is stabbing Banner. That was a stupid and risky move and you know it." Tony scoffed.
Carol repeated that to herself as many times as necessary. Slowly, her self-blame quieted and retreated to the dark depths of her mind. She could never fully get rid of it, but she could keep it at bay by reminding herself that she did the best she could with the information she had. That couldn't make everything right, but it did serve to reassure her.
"No," Tony said forcefully, cutting Rhodey off. "No. You're not the one this is happening to, so you can't tell me that the world isn't ending, because it is." Rhodey lowered his head and let out a sigh.
"Restraining order," were the first two words out of her mouth. Instantly, she saw Cabe put her hand on her gun.
"Yes," Steve said. "There is. You're tired and overworked and you've been through a traumatic event and all you need to do to feel better is to get some sleep. Can you do that for me?"
As you can see, I'm kind of distracted right now, so I'm going to keep this short. Be sure to like, favorite, follow or whatever and don't forget to leave a comment or review!
"Eh, why don't we save that idea as an absolute last resort," she said. "And possibly consult Rhodes and Pepper first. I don't think Tony will respond well to that."
"True enough," Lara admitted before glancing around the room and then back at Tony. "So, do you need me to hang around here or do you want me to go?"
"I said you need to sign this waiver for Damage Control." She placed the papers down on his desk a lot more gently this time. "I've already read it over. It has to do with liability with the disposal of potentially hazardous waste. I didn't see any problem with it, but you might want to read it over yourself instead of, you know, watching that jackass screw us over for the thousandth time." Tony sighed.
It was not like she was ignoring the problem, though. In fact, she had gone through the process of trying to find answers. She had been to numerous doctors throughout the galaxy, hoping at least one could find a reason why she kept forgetting things. The closest she felt she came to a legitimate diagnosis was one given to her by a doctor on Xandar. She had been familiar with Kree biology – particularly specializing in their neurological physiology – and was willing to at least try to appraise Carol's condition. The fact that she was originally Terran did complicate things, but the doctor did find her brain structures similar enough to make a preliminary diagnosis of repeated concussive trauma, brain cell damage consistent with prolonged alcoholism, and an abrasion on her hippocampus that could be affecting the way her brain made and stored memories.
A few more moments of silence passed, only broken up by Tony finally making Sharon let go of his shirt and the baby voicing her displeasure. However, she quickly became distracted by her right hand, balling it into a fist and releasing it repeatedly. Tony watched her do this at least fifty times before Peggy spoke up again.
"Good," Fury said. "Once Dr. Fox gives the okay, I'm going to talk to Rogers and explain the situation. In the meantime, Stark, you're free to go." Fury reached into his pocket and pulled out a USB flash drive. "These are all the files we extracted on Captain Rogers and Project: Rebirth. No copies were made and none of the information left this room."
"I am aware," Adoniram said. "That's why I'm not actually promoting him to Decibel." He moved to sit back down in his armchair. Salinas' eyes followed him the entire way.
"Steve," Bruce said. "Tell me none of this smells a little funky to you." Steve looked at Bruce and back at Tony. All he could think about was how angry he was at Tony, and now some of that anger was starting to spill over on to Bruce, just for the simple difference in opinion. Steve knew that he had to step back from the situation before it could escalate any further.
, which circulated in December of 1995 and ended up becoming the basis for the long-running Comedy Central series,
"I always act with caution," Tony said. "Caution is also my middle name." Natasha raised an eyebrow.
Steve was shaking hands with Congresswoman Giffords. He couldn't hear exactly what he was saying, but whatever it was it made her smile. She slowly thanked Steve for whatever he said before turning back to join a man Tony assumed was her husband. When Steve turned back, Tony had to resist the urge to passionately kiss him right then and there.
The video was not exactly new. Based on the surroundings and the clothes that Tony and Stone were wearing, Rhodey was able to conclude that the video was taken at the Bellagio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas the previous November. Tony seemed to have it in his head that the best way to celebrate Thanksgiving was by getting drunk and gambling away huge sums of money. How those two things correlated with the holiday, Rhodey did not know. All it really meant was that they got to spend the weekend indulging in all the reckless hedonism the City of Sin had to offer. Rhodey himself had indulged in a buxom blonde named Tiffany he was whom he met up with by the roulette table. Meanwhile, Tony had been indulging in his time with Stone – as the tape was now showing.
"By drinking so much that you blackout and wake up days later in a hotel room in Atlantic City married to a stranger." Bruce's eyes went wide, and his brows shot up to his hairline. He looked for any sign or indication that Lara was kidding. She gave none.
Just a few small notes before I finish off the chapter; the people who texted Lara with the last name DuBois were her younger foster brother (Vick; the one who lives in Nyack), older half-brother (JP; the one who lives in France), and foster mother (Vanessa; not the one who abused her. That was her biological mother.) DuBois is Lara's maiden name and I don't remember if I've stated that or not in this story. So, yeah, this is probably the worst way to introduce characters into a story, but I think this is going to be the only appearance her older brother and foster mother are going to make. Her younger brother is going to appear in person at some point, but I can't say how or why. Spoilers...
Unnoticed by her, though, was that she had given Adoniram the perfect opportunity to escape. She heard the door unlock and creak open. Not wanting to let him get away, Carol charged forward in pursuit. She didn't make it far, though,. Her feet had barely lifted off the ground when Beta rushed forward and tackled her, forcing her back to the floor. While this was going on, Adoniram successfully closed and relocked the door, effectively trapping Carol in the basement with the two attackers.
"Yes, but you deserve better." Tony felt an ache in his chest as he said that. "You said so yourself, you don't deserve to be treated like that and it was wrong of me to use your own words against you just for the sake of being petty. I'm sorry."
"Video calling," she said. "It's the way of the future." Knežević still looked at her puzzled, in need of a better explanation. Oswin laughed. "Like I said, I'm not all that computer savvy, so I don't know it exactly how it works. The best I can explain it is that the phone shoots some signal up to a satellite and the satellite sends the signal back down to the laptop, allowing you to see and hear everything that I'm doing."
"You cut right to the chase, don't you?" Pepper continued to give him a pointed look. Dr. Griffith chose his next words carefully. His career depended on it. "We've been robbed."
Again, please don't be worried about this fic. I had almost all my Word documents backed up on my Cloud/OneDrive account. The only thing I really truly lost in all of this was all the mods I had installed for the Sims 4, but that might have been part of that laptop's COD, so it's not like I can be upset about that... Anyway, everything is good, and I will be ready to go for the update tomorrow, so don't fear!
Laura paused again to recompose herself. While the lull dragged on, Clint could hear Natasha arguing with someone. By the voice, he would guess it was Dr. Wayne. He could hear words like "unsafe" and "compromising yourself" being tossed around, but Nat remained steadfast. The only thing that mattered to Clint, though, was that she kept holding the phone up to his ear. He didn't want to miss a single word Laura said.
"We can discuss those details later," he said. "But, first thing's first, do you happen to have your own house or apartment or something?"
When he got back, Bruce had essentially one goal in mind; to get to his bed and take a nap. However, his plans were slightly derailed when someone working for the CDC flagged him down. The worker explained that while searching the Tower, they had come across an animal locked in one of the rooms. A bit further questioning revealed the animal to be Clint's dog. They immediately put the dog in isolation and ran a battery of tests on him. Fortunately, other than a minor ear infection that was likely a result of his previous life on the streets, they determined that the dog carried no known diseases.
"Design ideas for the apartment." That reply caused Tony to raise an eyebrow and Pepper to step over to look for herself. Lara and Tony then followed suit. "I mean, it's not much," Steve admitted. "I mostly based it on what I remember of the inside of the house in Malibu and what you've got going on downstairs…"
"I'll trust you on that," Lara said. "Oh, by the way, uh, Betty mentioned something about the wedding?" For some reason, that made Bruce feel like a bucket of ice water had been dumped on him.
He had known for a long time he liked both genders. He could never find an explanation as to why. He just did. He couldn't stop. He knew. He tried through sheer force of will. It didn't work. However, he still liked girls, so he figured he wasn't totally sick so long as he didn't act on his impulses around guys. That didn't work either. So, for the longest time he waited for the other shoe to drop; for someone to put two and two together and have him locked up in the asylum.
Captain America – and yes, she could remember who that was – didn't return after leaving to go get changed. The other three – Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanoff, and Clint Barton – insisted that she go ahead and tell her story without him. If the good Captain wanted to take his time getting ready, that was fine. They could just fill him in later. However, that only served to put more pressure on Carol. Now she had to be extra careful and get as much as she could right, lest it be lost in translation from the other three's retellings.
"That Stark was found at around six o'clock this morning by a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent working undercover," Hill explained. "They brought him to a safe house to recover and he's safe now. However, that's all I can disclose for operational security reasons." Natasha and Clint nodded in understanding while Lara looked deeply disappointed.
"I was at a flea market with my sister and my aunt," Annabeth said. "My sister has a key to the house, but she only uses it when I'm out of town and need someone to feed and walk my dog."
Tony highly doubted that, but even he knew not to down talk the men and women who were responsible for tending to the entire city every time an alien army appeared in the sky. If worse came to worst, it'd get back to them and they'd let him flatline the next time he got hurt trying to save them. Still, that didn't stop him from double-checking.
"Definitely more than one." Steve closed the distance between them. Their lips crashed together softly, but before they could allow it to get more heated someone (Clint) gave a cry of "gross! Adults making out!" They broke apart under the sniggers of the other Avengers. Tony gave them all a none too pleased look.
"Roger that," he said. Slowly, Tony started to inch his way back into a lying position. Steve helped him, but Tony couldn't help but notice the slightly disappointed look on his face. Dread started coming up from his stomach and attempted to consume every part of his body.
"Good thing he won't be there for long." Tony turned his head just in time to catch a glimpse of a whoosh of red and black blowing into the hospital at a rapid pace. Hill futilely tried to chase after her, screaming "Agent Romanoff, come back here right now," but it was clear that Romanoff wasn't going to stop for anything or anyone. She was out of sight within seconds.
"Define okay." Steve sighed, but it wasn't out of aggravation. It was more like he was sad that his boyfriend had so much wrong with him that he needed to be specific. It made a pang of guilt run through Tony's veins.
"You went back, though," Lara pointed out. "Two years ago, you went back for her notes and you saw her again."
He got the idea that the others didn't want to do it either. He didn't blame them. It had been a long day and they all had been through the wringer in one way or another. However, there was no way to justifiably get out of it. Not only would it be good for the Avengers' press for them to be seen attending a gala benefitting relief for a disaster some saw them responsible for, but a lot of politicians would be there. It was D.C. after all, and it was always good to get on Congress' good side. (Not that Tony would know as he's never been on Congress' good side, but he could imagine it had its benefits.) Pepper would not be happy if they skipped out on this. The only thing he could think of to get out of it without anyone getting upset would be to unplug a few wires in the Arc Reactor and give himself a heart attack, but he didn't really feel like an ambulance ride and a CAT-scan, so he just had to suck it up and go to the gala. They'd have booze there, anyways. So, it wasn't like the party was going to be totally miserable. At least, that was one of the bright sides he was going to cling to.
"Bruce and I went to Union Station to get ice cream and almost got scammed by a cult." Hill, Natasha, and Clint gave the two of them strange looks.
"Actually, it does." Steve gave Tony a look. "I'm serious. When someone hurts someone you love, you want to hurt them back, and the fact that she just lost Coulson probably added fuel to the fire. The threat of not having any family anymore is scary to some people, and that's what Natasha was being threatened with."
Tony nodded, but in all honesty, he didn't know if he could accept her apology or if it was even right to. Although he had been assured that the deception part had nothing to do with him and was an unfortunate alignment of circumstance (which Tony didn't believe, but whatever.) the poisoning part he felt he should be less forgiving for. After all, he could have died. However, he did feel a certain amount of karma in the fact that in attempting to poison him, she ended up poisoning herself. That wasn't enough to entirely make up for her actions, though. He did suppose that maybe the apology did help a little bit, especially since she sounded genuinely remorseful. For now, it was probably just best to say he accepted the apology and hope he never encountered this woman again. Knowing the way of the world, that probably wouldn't happen.
The elevator doors opened with a high-pitched ding that in Tony's opinion was way too loud. He could already feel the shockwaves traveling through his brain, agitating his fledgling headache beyond compare. It was so bad that it made his stomach roll a bit, something that hadn't happened since the aplastic anemia incident. That really put into perspective how sick he was going to be if he didn't curb the hangover ASAP.
Clint watched as Director Fury entered the room and began to discuss the issue of the cube with the lead scientist, Dr. Erik Selvig. He was able to make out most of the conversation through reading lips. The most he knew about the cube was that it was a potential energy source and it was supposedly a gateway to space. Not that he ever witnessed any proof of that himself, other than maybe this energy spike. However, that was all he knew. The rest was classified well beyond his clearance. He'd even be surprised if the scientists even truly knew what they were working on, the only person who truly knew being Director Fury. From the conversation, though, all he learned was what he already knew, which was next to nothing. Eventually, Selvig pointed back at Clint's perch and he made eye-contact with Fury. Knowingly, Clint vacated his position by sliding down a nearby rope and joined Fury out on the lab floor.
"Excuse me," he said. "Did we come to your planet and blow stuff up?" Not caring to listen to whatever conversation was happening there, Tony turned back to Steve.
"Hopefully that won't be necessary," Coulson said. "Our first priority is finding Barton and what he escaped with, but to do that we're going to need you to recruit the big guy."
The shock and horror remained in Lorraine's eyes until they eventually glazed over and died out. Knežević moved the body to the backyard, mostly because he honestly didn't think he could pass it off as modern art if the neighbors got suspicious and called the cops.
"Thanks." Tony nodded and turned back to Steve, who was still looking just as anxious as he did at the hospital.
Directly across the hall from Tony's corporate office was Pepper's office. Again, it occurred to him that he should probably talk to her and talk to her and it wasn't like he had an excuse not to. He could clearly see her sitting at her desk, intently focused on whatever she was working on. Tony's gut twisted uncertainty, but he still took a hesitant couple of steps to the door. He even brought a fist up to knock on the door but couldn't bring himself to go through with it. He just didn't have the emotional energy to do it. His hand hovered at the door for a moment before he brought it back down, sighed, and turned to walk back to the elevator.
"We made several reports to IT about it," she said. "But there seems to be failure in communications going on. I sent an inquiry about the reports today and according to the Head of IT, they never received any such reports and seem to have as much a clue about what's going on as I do."
At least he won't be alone, she thought. That Steve there sure seems to be determined to stick by him no matter what. Although she had been suspicious and wary of Steve at first, his concern for Tony seemed to be nonetheless genuine. She didn't get entirely what was going on there, but if Tony was happy and wasn't in any immediate danger, then she supposed she had no right to complain. Tony was moving on and believe it or not that took a huge weight off Pepper's shoulders. She knew they wouldn't work as a couple, but she still wanted to be Tony's friend and it lessened the strain not to have the "break up" (if you could even call it that) hanging over their heads. She honestly wished them both the best of luck. Tony deserved to be able to smile like that at least after all the stuff he's been through today alone, never mind the rest of his life.
For the first time in his life Steve saw Natasha looked so surprised and out of words. Well, that’s new. To her credit its only last for a second or two and she’s back to her usual calm and collected self.
“Alive and otherwise what we needed was a suit of Armor around the world! Remember that time? Whether it impacted our precious freedoms or not?
“he didn’t snarl at me anymore, so I would call that progress. We’re civil, for her. You know, I keep telling everybody they should move on and... grow. Some do. But not us”
Tony rolled his eyes and letting out a dramatic sigh “I was trying to move and gaining control on my body. Adjusting the prosthetic” he pointed at his red prosthetic hand
Steve moved closer to his bed to nudge Dodger away to their foot side. Dodger wakes up and let out a growl, showing his fang at Steve, not letting the man comes near Tony. “Shut it, Dodge. Don’t wake him up” Steve hissed and scowling at how protective his own dog to his boyfriend. Grumbling at the dog “you don’t even look at me like that anymore, you traitor”
“Alright, Stark. We go to him. But you have to understand... if it comes to saving you or the kid or the Time Stone... I will not hesitate to let either of you die.”
“I’m here. I’m not going anywhere” Steve smiled with teary eyes, hand never leave Tony’s hand. Gripping the fingers afraid it might slip away.
“most of them it was empty, operated from the compound, months after her birth, sometime it was operated by me. It’s a group project”
“remember when we were kids and avoiding girls thinking we might get cooties? I’m telling you, it was a lot more fun taking it out and playing with the cooties”
Steve woken up in the middle of the night feeling thirsty. Leaving sleeping Tony in his arm he got up from the bed.
“oh my god Mr. Stark, Hey! Holy cow! You will not believe what's been going on. Do you remember when we were in space? And I got all dusty? I must've passed out, Because I woke up, and you were gone. But Doctor Strange was there, right? He was like, "It's been five years. Come on, they need us." And then he started doing the yellow sparkly thing that he does all the time– What are you doing?”
“well, it’s only cupcake. But I love you too, Steve Rogers.” Tony stand on his tiptoe kissing the blonde
“you eat three pieces of grapes and four cups of coffee on your break once and she keep bringing that up” Tony rolled his eyes and open the lid of the container start eating “you look tired, have
Their heated kiss turned south when furry legs are sliding between their legs, scratching on Tony’s jeans.
“but I am happy. I got you, I got Morgan, I got Na –“ Steve stopped and tried to say her named without getting choked
“maybe. I’m done waiting. Nat once told me to get a life, so I did. I want you. It’s always you. I love you, Tony Stark. I love our daughter. I’m not letting you go anymore” Steve grab his fingers. Kissing his fingertips, and let out his shit eating grins when the machine attached to Tony start beeping again “I like this machine”
“we are visiting Mama tomorrow, Tony said we should make cupcake to celebrate Mama’s heavenly birthday, so we make cupcakes”
Steve Rogers didn’t recognize the tone at first two rings, he almost dropped the phone when he finally realized where the sound came from. Hand shaking, mind blank and didn’t know what to do, he flipped the phone and answering the call
“Really? Only for my cooking?” Steve let out amused smile at the man “oh wait, I forgot the sour cream” Steve rose from his seat and start digging on his fridge
“Fri, alert Rhodey about The Boss Baby Protocol, told him to take care of her while we handle the situation in the city. What am I looking at here, girl?”
“I’m not saying we’re going to instantly become BFF. Braiding each other hairs and talked about boys every night, but I will try my best become civil. We might avoid each other for a year or two, but I think Morgan needs another uncle who spoiled her.”
“for now? Yeah. I’m done with New York, we need a change of scenery. And someone need to keep an eye on my Platypus’s therapy session”
Tony looking around at the avenger tower feeling nostalgic, hand sliding and touching the surface. Scanning the interior of the living room
“my mother ordered me to make sure you really eat it in front of me so you won’t forget to feed yourself again”
“Scott, I’m sorry but all I can say is you got lucky, something is triggering your… time machine switch back on, that’s why you survived”
Tony rolled his eyes, oh great. We’re fighting aliens and the other angry guy is having performance issues.
Tony let out relief sighed, kissing Peter’s temple and buried his face oh Peter’s neck, closing his eyes before shoving his hand and punching Peter’s arm
“I’m not arguing with you” face flushed and he wrapped his hand on Tony’s waist. Cradle him to sit on top of his lap. Steve let out a small groan when Tony kissing the side of his neck
“What I'm saying is, time works differently in the Quantum Realm. The only problem is right now, we don't have a way to navigate it. But what if we did? I can't stop thinking about it. What if, we could somehow control the chaos, and we could navigate it? What if there was a way to enter the Quantum Realm at a certain point in time but then exit at another point in time? Like... Like before Thanos.”
“I can never remember their name, so I numbered them. Behind you is intern number three, and intern number one is on surgery with Odinson”
“Oh great. I’m the third wheel on this relationship” Steve grumbled and pull the blanket closer and hugging his boyfriend by his waist closer before his hand got smacked by Dodgers
Tony grab Morgan’s hand and twirled together off beat. His moved stopped when they saw the pairs of eyes watching them “oh hi, you guys are back” out of breath, he turned the music down “what?” he looking at them confusedly
The screen showing a man with robe waving his finger throwing huge tornado on the street clearing the dust and winking at Tony, Showing a begrudgingly amused Tony for a split second. Natasha grabs the remote to rewind, zoomed and slowed the screen.
“she’s not crying but I’m pretty sure she’s in pain. And she’s only accompanied by the day care staff. Parents are on their way. ”
“and you can visit him all the time, I will make sure about it. My legal team will help with anything he need”
Steve just snorted at the comment, waiting for everyone rush back to castle and leaving Steve, Bucky and Sam alone
“she is going to be fine. the surgery went well, I manage to reduce the swelling and hopefully no scar on the future. She requested a pink cast and quote
"Space arson is a serious problem," Carol said with a shrug and a shake of her head. "So, what's the situation with Stark?" Fury sighed.
hard. Regardless, Loki couldn't help but laugh. He had been expecting this. He knew that Odin would send Thor to collect him like he was a misbehaving child. Granted, he thought Thor would show um much sooner, but better late than never he supposed.
"I'm not sure," Tony said. "But it involved cops." Fury let out an aggravated sigh and shook his head.
"I had other matters I needed to attend to," he said. She rolled her eyes in a "whatever" gesture. "What was taken?"
"You question us?" Loki could physically feel his adrenaline spike at the Other's snapping tone. He managed to keep a calm outward demeanor. It was easy to do that when the other person could only see a psychically-generated image of yourself. "You question him?" The other gestured upwards to the asteroid upon which Thanos' throne sat. The implied threat wasn't lost on Loki.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Can you go out and get me another bottle of this champagne? I'm going to need a lot of it." Lara looked concerned for a second but nodded.
reporter was out of line and didn't dwell on the topics she brought up for too long) but he still needed to get out of there as soon as possible. The stress of the entire day was getting to be too much and was only serving to agitate his migraine further. Once he made all the rounds and said hello to everyone, Tony made his speech thanking the guests for coming and then slipped away to his hotel room.
Stepping over to the bag, Tony picked it up and took stock of all its contents. Everything he might need was in there, except for a sledgehammer. However, he only intended to use that as a last resort. So, Tony figured he could live without it for now. Besides, if worse came to worst, he knew there was one downstairs in the lab. It was no big deal.
"Thank you, all of you," he said, looking to Carol and Hill as well. "Thank you for finding him and keeping him safe. I don't want to imagine what would have happened if you didn't. I can't thank you enough."
"My blood type is B- and I don't have any living blood relatives," Tony said. "Finding a compatible donor is going to be difficult."
"Sure I will." Knežević could have sworn he heard huff "shut up" under her breath. He suppressed the urge to roll his eyes like a child. Glancing into the rearview mirror, he noticed a bag of Doritos left abandoned in the backseat. He reached back, retrieved the bag, and checked the date. Satisfied that the cheese-covered chips wouldn't kill him, he sat back and dug into the bag. He was going to need snacks for this show.
Steve had a hard time suppressing his shudder at the thought, and the action ended up catching Rhodey's attention.
Lara hesitated. She wanted to argue, but she knew she wasn't going to win. She had to just keep the faith that Pepper was smart enough to see right through Freeman and hold her own. Under normal circumstances, Lara would feel very confident in that. However, these weren't normal circumstances. It was almost the middle of the night and Pepper was clearly tired, too. She didn't feel safe leaving her alone with Freeman. Pepper's assistant had already left for the night and even though Morse was going to be there, Lara couldn't help but think three pairs of eyes were better than two.
"But how did they do it?" Stark asked. "What kind of tech did they use? What process? Did they ever explain it to you?" Clint lifted his head to rub the back of your neck.
Reaching over to the small coffee table in front of them, Natasha grabbed the first magazine she saw and tossed it into Clint's lap. He gave the cover a strange look.
"Because I respect Tony's privacy," he said. "He went to the trouble of getting that information redacted from his S.H.I.E.L.D. file. He obviously doesn't want it being brought up, so I never asked him." Slowly, Rhodes nodded in understanding.
A short while later, everyone had gathered in one of the hotel's conference rooms to go over PR strategy. Once everyone got to their seats, it didn't take long for Freeman to get started.
"Probably not," Clint said, passing the magazine back to her. "But maybe you'll find something interesting here, dear."
As she stood out there, it occurred to her that Knežević hadn't emerged from the building. He had been staying in her basement since they pulled off the heist at Stark Industries. It was the least she could do given that he didn't have anywhere else to go. It worried her that he was still inside. If the house really was on fire, then that meant he was in danger. Seeing as she couldn't call the police or fire rescue, Oswin briefly considered going back in herself to save him. However, that course of action was proven unnecessary as Knežević finally appeared at the front door, screaming at the top of his lungs with his shirt on fire.
Carol frowned. She wanted to reach out and touch it but worried that would be crossing some sort of line. Instead, she let go of the hem and turned back to her wrist display. The scans that she had previously done had shown that he was at no immediate risk of dying, but she hadn't studied them further than that. Tapping the screen, she brought up a holographic diagram of Stark's body. Quickly, she saw that his physiology differed from that of a normal human. Most predominantly was the cylinder, but the scans had also detected bits of metal spread throughout his chest cavity. Moving the diagram around at different angles, Carol was both shocked and awed at the sheer amount of metal that surrounded Stark's heart. From her limited knowledge of human anatomy (or just anatomy in general), she knew a person shouldn't be able to live with their body like that, and yet Stark had and clearly continued to do so.
Admittedly, not going right back to New York was probably a terrible idea. Already Tony's phone was ringing off the hook and he wouldn't be surprised if agents were waiting for them at the airport. After all, they didn't put that tracker bracelet on Steve for nothing. However, Steve didn't want to go, and Tony didn't want him to leave. Tony also wanted to crawl into his bed and not climb out until the beginning of the next century when they finally had a cure for whatever was ailing him, so to have both, he had to take Steve with him.
"Listen, Bruce," she said. "I'm sorry I snapped at you the other day." He raised his eyebrows in surprise.
was the right time to tell him. Tony was already rather emotionally distraught, and Steve did not want to add the emotional weight of something so powerful to all of that. It might do more harm than good. Though, the temptation was there – every time he merely looked at Tony, he wanted to say "I love you" – Steve was able to fight it back and not say anything. Tony was in a very precarious place and he did not need any more emotional stressors. Instead, he tried to get the message across in every little thing he did; every kiss, every touch, every little bit of contact was given fully with the implication of "I love you" behind it. However, he worried that Tony was not catching on to what he meant, especially given that they still were not officially public with their relationship. Which brought him to the last question.
"I was just going to ask if you knew if the TV got AMC," Conroy said. "But that works, too." Tony rolled his eyes as he started to walk towards the door.
. The pre-taped appearances went off without a hitch, but the live interview had been a disaster. Not only had the words "merchant of death" come up a few times, but also several inquiries into his personal life that he'd rather not answer. It was obvious that the woman interviewing him – God, he couldn't remember her name – decided to use this as an opportunity to advance her career and went so far off script that someone could have easily mistaken it for a taping of
"Same here," he agreed before looking down. "You know I can't promise you anything with this; anything at all." Steve started to nod in agreement, until he thought of something.
"No," Tony said. "I'm not going to give you those files. I know what that is and I'm telling you no."
"Headache," instantly came out of Tony's mouth. "I've been getting them on and off for months, but this one just won't let up."
A sour look crossed Stark's face, but he took the bottle and unscrewed the cap. He only took about half a sip before he had to force the bottle away from him in disgust.
"Wha?" Duran struggled to find her words. "What are you talking about? I thought Oswin was killed in the blast."
"After S.H.I.E.L.D. was established all the old SSR files were added to the official S.H.I.E.L.D. archive and that's what the med and science teams are going through now," Hill explained. "Currently, all of the information on Project: Rebirth in the world is inside this building.
There was a gap in Lara's memory after that. One second, she was standing at the top of the stairs, the next she was at the bottom of them, trying to haul herself to her feet with pain starting to spread throughout her body. It didn't take a genius to fill in the blanks.
"I'm just being realistic," he said. "I'm going to be heading to breakfast. You're all welcome to join me and I suggest you do it soon. We don't have long until we have to be leaving for the
"No," Fury said. "Other than Agents Barton and Romanoff, we haven't called any of the Avengers in, nor have we been monitoring their movements."
"So, you're Steve Rogers…" Steve realized the voice that the person was a man. "Or, supposedly you are. I wouldn't put it past S.H.I.E.L.D. to lie to me. They have in the past and I'm sure they will again, but that's a spy agency for you. I should have expected that."
"He had one glass on the plane," he said. "But I think he had some before we left. I've been pushing water on him, though, and I'm going to make him take a nap as soon as we get to our room." Natasha pulled back and gave Steve a small nod. There was a worry deep in her stomach that there may be something serious going on that mixed with the memories of Stark's "last" birthday bash, but she squashed them down. It had only been two minutes. She needed to observe the situation further before she jumped to any radical conclusions.
Honestly, there wasn't much interesting there. All the envelopes were addressed to "Tony Stark" or some variation. (Anthony Stark, Anthony E. Stark, Anthony Edward Stark, A. E. Stark, Iron Man, etc.) so it wasn't like he could open it. That would be a federal crime. However, there was one letter that caught his attention; one that was addressed to the Avengers.
Again, the agents demanded him to open the elevator and again Wallace must have refused to do so as another one of the agents delivered a swift, hard kick to his ribs, causing Wallace to fall over and roll onto his back. At that point, the agent that attacked Lara pulled a Sig Saur out of the holster at his side, cocked it, and pointed it directly at Wallace's head. Once again, a demand was made to open the elevator. Once again, Wallace refused. With a bright flash from the gun's muzzle and a small explosion of blood from the top of Wallace's head, his life was ended. It took everything Lara had in her not to scream directly into the phone. Instead, she just fell back on what she learned in training for these kinds of situations with the Secret Service; remain calm and focus on the objective.
"Can you search for people using that?" That wouldn't have been the first question Oswin would have asked, but she just decided to brush it off.
"A little…?" Pepper moved her arms to gesture to the room at large. "It looks like a tornado rolled on through! How did this happen?"
Tony saw a look cross Steve's face that he hadn't seen since the time Pepper figured out that he was bi; sheer panic. Tony's first instinct was to get up and comfort him, but the knowledge that he would probably fall over and crack his head open if he tried kept him from doing so. Luckily, Carol caught on and smacked Fury on the bicep.
"Good evening," the slightly automated, British-sounding voice said. "Mr. Stark does not wish to be disturbed right now. If you would so kindly leave a message, I will make sure it gets to him. Please, start your recording after the tone."
"I just told you," Sharpton said. "Research! Dr. Subarian wasn't using it for anything else. I went down to his lab on Friday night, took the two scariest-sounding samples I could find, and sealed it all in that letter. I did all the research beforehand. I used a lipstick that had accidentally been produced with far too much lead to get around postal irradiation. I put the letter in the mailbox. Subarian knew about none of it, I swear!"
Back when they were in D.C., Carol gave Tony a way to contact her in the event of an emergency. Well, what if it's not really an emergency...?
"Then leave it urgently." As soon as Tony said that, the doors to the elevator came open, revealing that the Agent had also made his way up to the penthouse without triggering any of the security protocols. Great, now Tony was going to have to update those
"Tones, what's going on?" he asked. "I got this videotape passed along to me today of you talking to someone in a hotel room. I haven't even watched the whole thing yet and it's already creepy beyond hell. Just call me back to let me know you're alright, because this thing is giving me a bad feeling. …Unless this is a prank, in which case fuck you, but either way, call me back." He then hung up the phone and tossed it down onto the couch behind him. Squeezing his eyes shut, Rhodey scrubbed a hand over his face and began hoping against all hope that this was an elaborate prank of Tony's and not anything truly malicious.
"First of all," she said. "When I said, 'do anything you want,' I wasn't expecting you to operate under the influence and destroy your house. At best, I thought you would take that as encouragement to run off and elope with Pepper. At worst, I was expecting a massive orgy." Stark shook his head.
"I don't know," he admitted. "I'm not really good at the whole forgiveness thing, especially when it's that bad…" Natasha nodded in understanding.
Knežević tuned his attention back to the girl sitting at the end of the bar, who at this point had ceased her hysterical laughter and went back to nursing her beer.
"Right," Tony agreed. They then lapsed into a peaceful silence for a few moments before Carol spoke up again.
For very secret spy reasons, Clint knew how to make fake blood out of KY jelly (which the hotel had so kindly provided.) He whipped up the recipe quick and started smearing it on the walls. Then, he pushed the mattress halfway off the bedframe and tilted the headboard forward a little bit. He didn't have a lot of cash on him, but the hotel did provide plenty of reading material. He emptied out his smallest suitcase and stuffed as many books as he could inside. Feeling satisfied that the case felt heavy enough to be carrying a few hundred thousand dollars, he strategically placed a few bills so they would stick out of the case and shut the lid.
"I guess it's okay," Steve said. "At least the burger is actual beef." Tony wanted to question that remark but stopped himself. Just for the sake of keeping his breakfast down, he knew he probably shouldn't.
"Shut up!" Tony cut him off. "I don't want to talk anymore!" With that, he turned his back on Steve and directed his gaze out the window.
The hardwood barely squeaked as Tony sat down. It was top-quality and felt nice and smooth with all the layers of lacquer that covered it. Looking around, Tony couldn't help but be amazed at what a good job both Steve and Pepper had done. It wasn't just the bathroom; the entire apartment looked amazing and it was all thanks to Steve's designs and Pepper's attention to detail. For half a second, it took his mind off the nightmare. It was nice, but it was only for half a second.
Alright, last night was scary. Why don't we just enjoy some team bonding and Stony fluff to try to take our minds off it?
He didn't cry, not because he didn't want to, or he couldn't, but because he just didn't feel like it. He was too scared to cry. That was a surreal feeling. Worst of all, he didn't know how to make it go away. So, he did the only thing he could think to do, sit and take deep breaths of the fresh(ish) air.
"Wait, what?" Tony looked up and scanned the room for the person who had just spoken. "What's this about security codes?"
"Hey," he said in a soft, gentle voice, the same one he could remember his mom using whenever he was sick. "Come on, you've got to get up."
"I know," Steve said. "I'm sorry for running out earlier. I don't know what happened. It just suddenly became hard to breathe and I needed to get out of there."
"His blood pressure is starting to return to normal levels," she said. "And his body is still trying to fight the infection." The nurse caught Natasha's dissatisfied look. "Only time will tell, but in my professional opinion, he has a fighting chance." Nat nodded.
She tried seeing the situation from his perspective. Steve had a lot of reasons to be scared, the obvious ones being obvious. The threat of his boyfriend dying a slow and painful death of an unknown disease was the furthest thing from pleasant, but there were other factors to consider.
"Steve." He'd give her his last name if she asked, but he was hoping it wouldn't come to that. "I'm here because Tony asked me to be." The woman nodded, seemingly accepting that response.
Alright, now that I got to the good news, it's time to give you the bad news. I have only written up to chapter fifty-five and to be honest, I haven't been able to write too much in the past few weeks. I wish I had a good excuse, but sadly I don't. The major thing that's been keeping me from writing is the fact that I have Asperger's Syndrome and with that comes hyperfixations. Normally, that's good if what I'm hyperfixating on is my writing, but right now that isn't the case. So what am I hyperfixating on? Well, a few weeks ago I started watching this TV show and I kind of got my family watching it, too. You might have heard of it, especially if you spend a lot of time on Tumblr. It ended back in November after blowing up the internet by making one of its major ships cannon, and if you can't guess from that, it's Supernatural.
"Why?" Steve asked. "What good is talking going to do?" Natasha tried to put a hand on his shoulder again – this time as a means of comfort – but he shrugged it off.
"What's wrong." Carol's tone made it clear she wasn't going to take sarcasm for an answer. Jessica's face contorted in pain. She knew it was pointless to lie.
"On it." She then got up and followed Freeman. Steve wasn't going to lie, he now felt physically sick to his stomach.
"There has to be something, though," Steve said. "Something I'm not seeing. Something you're not seeing. Just… Something." Tony frowned.
"Nat," he said, though he couldn't hear himself. That made him realize that he couldn't hear anything else around him. Alarm bells were blaring in his mind, but he couldn't muster up the strength to care about his own personal well-being at this point. "Nat! What the hell happened? Who did this? How did they find the house?"
Eventually by some luck, she ran into the right person and got pointed in the right direction. She couldn't have felt more relieved. Although she had been able to ignore the wet-stain that had formed on the back of her pants when she was sitting on that snow-covered bench and talking to Bruce, it was completely impossible to do while she ran around the streets of Midtown like a chicken with it's head cut off in nearly sub-zero temperatures. Walking into the coffee shop and feeling the central heat hit her skin was heavenly.
Duran's hand shot out and grabbed Oswin's wrist as the other woman tried to push past her. If Oswin thought she could run away from her, she had another thing coming.
couldn't do anything," he said. "Believe me; she tried more than once. My mom, Jarvis, Ana… None of them could do anything at all. Howard just was who he was. Even if you were there, I don't think it would have made a difference. Besides, if you were there then, you wouldn't be here now, and I'm glad you're here now."
"If it's any consolation, neither am I," Carol said. "I act like I know what I'm doing all the time, but really I don't."
Once they had gotten dressed, they were led into the next room, which consisted almost entirely of hospital beds and exam stations. Unsurprisingly, in addition to the CDC, S.H.I.E.L.D. had responded to the situation as well. Tony knew it the second he spotted Dr. Smith in the room, and he could guess that a few of the other doctors were S.H.I.E.L.D. as well. Within moments of arriving, the four Avengers were led to separate stations. Tony was sent to Dr. Smith, who was trying to look cheerful under the protective suit she had to wear.
Tarquan gasped as he tried to regain his bearings. Distantly, he could hear the frog-man croaking with laughter.
"I don't…" He said in befuddled, heavily accented English. "I didn't give her…" Natasha shot him a look before turning her attention back to the conversation with Coulson.
"Alright then," Dr. Fox said. "We'll take you off the valium immediately. I just have to disconnect this bag." The doctor gestured to something outside of Steve's field of vision and Steve nodded weakly to give the go-ahead. The doctor then disappeared from his view, but he could still hear him fiddling with some piece of equipment. "Just a fair warning, but it will take a while for the drugs to wear off. Do you feel tired at all?"
"Probably not," she said. "But I forgive you." Bruce felt like he'd received a static-electric shock, but still found it in him to nod.
The discoveries of Lorraine, Audrey, and Stephanie's bodies had been a godsend to Agent Duran. After running around Los Angeles all night trying to find a connection between all these cops, judges, lawyers, and corrections officers she finally found the thread that connected it all together. Yes, it was unfortunate that these innocent women had to die for her to get this information, but it was still a lucky break.
All around the scene, people had stopped dead in their tracks and pulled out their cellphones. Some were taking pictures and videos of the newly formed human statue. Others had done the responsible thing and called 911. Looking through the gathered crowd, Duran noticed that one person was missing. She dashed back into the restaurant, fully expecting to see Oswin still standing there, frozen with fear. However, that wasn't the case. Several people were standing at the window looking out in amazement at what had happened on the patio before them. Quite a few more were cowering in the back, fearful that they too may be attacked. Oswin was among neither group.
"What was that like, meeting him for the first time?" For the first time since the interview started, Tony felt positive emotions wash over him. Thinking about the first time he saw Steve always made him feel happy (especially when you consider the first thought he had about the guy was
"No," she said. "I got about six hours of sleep. Then I checked my blood sugar, did my insulin, ate, and fell back to sleep on one of the beds in the med bay. Then around eleven last night, Bruce saw me, woke me up, and I went back down to the guest room and slept for another six hours. I should be all caught up by now."
"Asgard?" Thanos questioned. "Ah, yes. I remember, we tried to invade ages ago, but whatever forcefield they had put up kept us back." That was the first time Loki had heard about that. It didn't surprise him, though. It was becoming clear to him that Odin was the true God of Lies, not him. The only good thing about that revelation was that thankfully, Heimdall had most likely managed to stop that from happening without even alarming their people. "What do you expect me to do with
This time, Steve complied, sliding into the seat next to Tony. He suddenly seemed a little tense and that wasn't the first time tonight. Tony wanted to put his hand on Steve's shoulder again, but he worried that would just make things worse. So, he settled for purely verbal forms of comfort this time.
As he got older, his Atheism progressed from the simple denial of a God to vehement opposition to all religion. He would tell anyone who would listen that religion was for the weak. That its enslaved people and normalized a capitalist power structure; giving white men the justification to dominate women and deny the rights of people of color. He thought the United States should be an Atheist state, reject the ideals of capitalism, and turn to communism.
"No," she said. "He didn't outright say it, but I know I'm not his favorite person now. Firing is probably somewhere on the horizon."
"It's a yes," Laura confirmed. Clint gave a little fist pump. "I just can't help but be a little concerned."
"This is going to sound really personal, but I'm only asking this for both yours and Tony's safety. Whatever happened between you two is between you two. I'm not asking for details, I just need to ask this to ensure you're both okay. Do you understand?" Steve tightened his lips, but once again nodded. He didn't like where this was going, but his only option was to sit there and let Pepper ask the question. "Did you two do anything last night?"
"Shit." Jessica sprinted over to the snowbank as fast as she could. Jabbing her fingers against Stark's neck, she tried to feel for a pulse. "I can't feel a heartbeat!"
It didn't matter what they were doing or where they were, Steve felt completely content and at ease when he was around Tony. In fact, it was the only time he ever felt anything resembling happy anymore. Yes, on the outside Tony could be rather arrogant and narcissistic, but once you get past that he was a very nice person. Steve liked asking Tony about his tech. He had a hard time keeping up with what Tony was saying once he got started on that subject but seeing how happy and in-the-zone Tony was always made Steve's heart quiver and caused a smile of his own to come to his face.
"That's the best part," Knežević said. "You'll be my business partner. We'll go fifty-fifty on the profits, but fifty-fifty is still potentially hundreds of millions of dollars."
of her skin. Eventually, just staring at the petrified corpse was too creepy for Duran. She had to look away before she lost what little remained of her sanity. …And her lunch.
Biting back the urge to be defiant, Oswin exited her cell and followed the agent down a long, narrow hallway. They came to a stop at a door almost at the end, and the agent opened it for her. Stepping inside, the door shut behind her and locked. No way out from here either. Looking straight ahead, she saw a man sitting behind a solid sheet of bulletproof glass. He was an older man with greying hair clothing indicated he worked for S.H.I.E.L.D. as well. Sitting down in the chair that was set in front of the panel, Oswin picked up the phone hanging on the wall and watched as the man did the same.
"I still want to leave." She didn't see much point in staying after all. She had already humiliated herself and changed into street clothes. Plus, Tony – the person she was there to personally assist – had already walked out. There was nothing to stop her from doing the same. Bruce seemed to realize all of this and didn't try to argue with her.
After a few moments, Knežević heard the distinct click of the front door unlocking. His heart leaped as the door opened, the lights flipped on, and two sets of footsteps walked across the hardwood floor.
"Alright, what's going on, Stark?" Tony knew playing dumb would do him no good, but he needed extra time to think up possible defenses.
Seeing as breakfast went by without incident and he managed to get dressed without decapitating himself, Tony quickly concluded that the fates probably had it out for him. That wasn't surprising, but still he wished something in the universe would go his way for once. Then he remembered that he probably got that with Steve and he shouldn't be complaining. Regardless, it did nothing to quell the dread that had been growing in his stomach over the past twenty-four hours.
"Save the rest for the turn, J." With that, the comms cut off and Tony was absolute, frighteningly alone. He couldn't focus on that, though. All that mattered was getting the damn missile into the portal. Nothing else.
"Good," Lara said as she readjusted the strap on her messenger bag. "I'll get going, then. Be right back." Then she left. Just like that, Steve and Tony were left alone in the room together.
"Director Fury wants to see you in the observation room." Tony tried to object but the doctor was firm in his response. "Now."
"Not a great plan," Tony pointed out as he took a sip off his drink. Yup, he could already feel the alcohol working its magic. He started to make his way across the room to face Loki. "When they come – and they will – they'll come for you."
"I promise you, Tony's going to be alright." Steve frowned skeptically but before he could voice his doubts, Rhodey held up a had placatingly. "I'm not going to promise that he's not going to be upset – he probably will be – but physically, he's going to be fine. They won't do any of that messed up crap to him and they won't send him to the hospital unless they have good reason to think that he's going to do something drastic, which I find doubtful."
handful, maybe this is why she left. You know, aside from Pepper, Steve is the only longest relationship I ever had. I was really really happy, I thought I was done. All the bar dive, galas, parties, i was completely done. I should have known, I’m not Bucky, when someone said my name it won’t make Captain America lost focused and make him back to his 16-year-old kid again. I wish i have someone to fight 117 countries down for me like Bucky had. I could kill someone to have some drinks now”
Tony smirked and gather the charts “I will post the charts and grab the sharpie for Baby Rogers, I will be back later”
Steve fought Nazis, kicked alien’s asses, hell, he fought 117 countries for his friends. But parenting is
“yeah, you need to always have a can in case of emergency, hurry up chicken little. Things get little dicey here”
“I’ll take her to bed. You should shower, you stink” She scrunched up her nose, Morgan giggled and mimicking her, scrunching up her own nose to Steve
When tony back with a glass of water he climbed back to the bed, wiggled himself closer, feeling Steve’s arm tightening on his waist, refusing to let go. He closed his eyes and for the first time in a very long time, he admits to himself that he really missed this.
“it was a big thing for me. Thank you, Tony. I appreciate that you’re trying. He also told me that you believe someday I will leave you.”
“hey kid, how are you feeling?” Steve moved to sit next to her bed, Tony standing next to her checking her vital
“I know you got a lot on the line. You got Cap, Nat, even a daughter. But I lost someone very important to me. A lot of people did.”
“Boooorriiinnggg” Tony whine at the screen “I saw someone that looked like Ryan Gosling in coffee shop nearby, so that’s a plus I guess” he shrugged “how about you?”
“I know. That’s why every morning from now, I will tell you that I’m in love with you. I’m choosing you. Leaving you was the biggest mistake I ever made and I will never leave you again. Maybe someday you will have enough of me and taking Morgan away with you, but I want you to know, I will still love you”
Steve spot Morgan running to him raising her hand “Steeb, up” and asked him to carrying her to Tony “Dada sleep?”
Steve huffed “guys!” he raised his voice an octave getting their attention ending their bickering “Are there any other options with the Tesseract?”
“he’s… different. He’s easier to talked to. Not that all my daddy issued are suddenly resolved. But, if this is what he was before, that
“I can see that” Tony tried to cover the girl open wounds that’s almost cleaned with the chart on the table. Shielding it away from his handsome father’s vision.
Steve opens the door and looking at his surrounding, his tv is playing a green baby Yoda. He walked closer to find his boyfriend curling on his couch napping and drooling on his couch. Biting his lips to hold a smile he grabs his throw blanket from the floor and spot his dog snuggling under one of his boyfriend’s arm.
“you read my mind kiddo, this is why you are my favourite” Tony kissed her temple and rose from his seat “I wish you'd come here to ask me something else. Anything else. Honestly”
“well magic of course” the stranger pointing at the portal behind him “we need your help, the fate of the universe is at stake.”
Tony can feel something snapped inside his head “you know, I saw this coming a few years ago. I had a vision. I didn't want to believe it. Thought I was dreaming.”
“No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe. If he gets his hands, on all six Stones, Tony. We need to find Vision”
“why? He made it for you. He can’t stop talking about it for the rest of his life. Wow, crippling daddy issues aside. I had to let this out of garage before your daughter using it to go sledding. You can see the look on her face, she’s thinking about it. “
“He can’t stop whining the whole night. And the next day when I’m folding my laundry, he keeps digging on your T-shirt so I just let him. I will get you another one, I promised”
“I want you to know that you are free.” Tony wiped the tear stains on Steve’s face with his thumb “That it’s ok if you want to go back to be with Peggy.”
“You just lost a blowjob privilege tonight. Another word about my clothes and you’re sleeping on the couch” Tony smirk and leave a kiss on Steve cheek
“I’m sorry jellybean, but we need to go back to work, we will talk to you later for bedtime story yeah?
Their shield clanged in deafening sound, Steve tried his best no to hurt his old self and just docked his attacks. And then he felt kick on his stomach throwing him few feet’s away
“I will book the room and start prepping” Sarah moved and tried to grab the chart before being stop by Tony
“Thank God I'm here. Regardless, I fixed it.” Tony holds up his right hand, showing a device on his wrist “A fully functioning Time-Space GPS. Turns out, resentment is corrosive, and I hate it.”
“I don’t know how my mother raised me alone, I’m exhausted and she’s not even listening to me” Steve slouched on the couch
“oh yeah, you’re new around here. That’s what they do, before… everything” she grabs an orange slice on the plate “if you asked Steve how they do that, he might answer something like ‘dating anyone is literally better than him’ cause he’s an idiot like that.”
“Excuse me... hello” Scott waved at the two starting get annoyed for being ignored “Cap. Captain. Steve, sorry, America. Rogers. Buddy. Sir. Look, if you do this, and this doesn't work, you're not coming back.”
“not gonna lie, that scandalous look on your face is totally worth it. I am willing to let Happy slide for teaching her saying that” Tony chuckled at Steve expression and grabbing his tangerine chicken
“hush boy, don’t say that. Come on, now” inhaling a deep breath she grits her teeth and glaring at the blinding OR lamp. She let out a breathy prayer when Tony Stark and Carol Danvers walked out from the room.
Tony just chuckled at her claim. Rubbing his temple, he sighed “I could keep it in a box and dumped it on the lake, stop everything”
“ugh.. do you?” Tony tried his best not to make a face on that line “look at me, I’m talking to myself, no one should be this desperate. Pull yourself together, Stark!”
“uncle Bucky” the little girl spot him from the end of her father bed, she let out her toothy grin and waves before back watching cartoon again
“We will be fine. Just do your work and we can have our date later. Now if you excuse me. I need to watch Mandalorian on your TV. Bye” and Tony hung up the phone.
At some point Tony managed to guide Steve to sit on the edge of the bed with hand still shielding him from everything. Right now, it just them. No grieve, no one is leaving, and no one dies. It just them both, the way they used to be.  Where everything used to be simpler and easier. The way they used to loved and be there for each other.
They both groaning at the sudden movement – and the fact that Dodger are now half seated on Steve’s chest – “ughh… right on time” Tony huffed “Dodge, I enjoy the affection but come on, those abs been calling me since – wait, what’s on your neck, Buddy?” Tony grabs a small velvet pouch hanging on Dodger’s tag. “uhm.. Steve. what is this?”
“You know, your mother actually saved my life too. When I was nineteen, still on med school, I heard about my parent’s accident. I was a wreck, start skipping class, going to parties. I ended up on ER three times that year. I got heroin overdose, it stopped my heart for thirty second and she’s one of the nurses who help bringing me back”
Steve’s heart broke when he heard those words. “I couldn’t hate her, or you. I would always choose her, I would always choose
Both Steve and Tony freeze on their track when they hear Scott screaming on their door and hurriedly leaving, Steve can hear Scott mumbled something about bleaching his eyes
“she had blood clot, prepare an OR” He climbed at the bed, pressing the wound and told everyone to move and page Carol Danvers.
“quoting Star Wars won’t work on me… I just... we’re not on speaking terms, he’s probably on his honeymoon in god knows where’s the country of the week they stayed. he didn’t even know about Morgan” he glanced at his daughter who now playing with the tip of the red cloak handing her the glowing stones so she can play with the stones on the floor “look, how am I…”
“boys are so stupid aren’t they Morgan?” she coos at Morgan, tickling her side “I’m going to take a break, are you both staying here?” Steve just nodded “now, Morgan sweety, I’m going to eat my lunch, I will come back with cookie for you later, ok?”
“Sorry, I’m just going to get some drink real quick” Steve whispered and leave a kiss on Tony’s forehead. Knowing her boyfriend is light sleeper, he tiptoe and slowly opens the bedroom door. Grabbing the mug from the sink and filled with some cold water. Gulping the water and looking at Dodger’s bed near the couch empty. Looking everywhere from under the dining table to behind the tv but found nothing.
Tony sitting cross legged on the floor, hand reached for his helmet turning it on. Groaning and wincing at the pain at his bruised abdomen.
“if he send me their wedding invitation I will kill myself and personally drag him to hell with me” he muttered to himself. He sighed and finally ripped the top of the box and find a letter addressed to him.
“that explain why she told me to bring this food” Steve holding up clear plastic bag with colourful containers stacked inside
“Consequences? You bet there'll be consequences. Obviously you can quote me on that 'cause I just said it. Anything else? Thank you, sir.”
“not at four. Not this young. I can’t even remember what I did at four” she frowned “suction” she moved when a hose coming at her direction “how is Nurse Rogers handling her granddaughter in OR?”
“you were hopped up on sedative. But you made it clear you didn’t want anything to do with me beside anything related to Morgan’s. I was so relieved you’re including me in her life, that as the world's leading authority on waiting too long, I can’t bring myself to care. I mean, even if we don’t get back together, I will still love—mmph!”
“Who told you that?” Tony looked so Surprised when Steve called his name “I didn't fight him. No, he wiped my face with a planet while the Bleecker Street Magician gave away the store. That's what happened. There was no fight at all”
“still beautiful as the moment we first met.” Steve tried to smile, but only comes out as wistful grimace
Steve just laughed at the comment and bend for a quick kiss before fishing out his keys from his jacket. “I should remind you. He’s not quite friendly with strangers. He might bite you” and he open the door to his apartment, greeted by brown furry dog wagging his tails and barking at the door. “Tony, meet Dodger. Dodge, this is Tony. Don’t bite him” he points his finger to the dog.
“Yes, this is--this is Tony "Stank". You're in the right place. Thank you for that! I'm never dropping that, by the way. Table for one, Mr. "Stank". Please, by the bathroom.”
“I think you just confessed you’re playing hooky with the nurses in ER. I’m done with the bone. I’m going to close the wound and giving her a cast. Number two, you can give the family update”
“Oh, good god. Dodge! No. Bad dog!” Steve comes back and pulled the laptop out of Dodger’s reach. Wiping the screen with some tissue nearby.
“no Ma, it’s Morgan. She’s … She’s on her Taylor Swift phase” Steve sighed and step inside the room, walking through the source of the music
getting annoyed at his old pompous bore, Steve started to fight back. Throwing their shield clanging away as their fight, kicking the case containing the sceptre, future Steve jumped few stairs down and immediately grab the sceptre and knocked his old self out. Staring and noting at Tony’s comment about his ass, he runs back to their meeting point.
“Tony Stark, I'm Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me. Oh, uh, congratulations on the baby, by the way.”
Scott Lang is pacing in circles, looking so confused and keep glancing at Steve and Natasha and back to Morgan who are sitting on the chair eating sandwich.
Tony twirled the box on his hand, no returned address. Well how thoughtful, contemplating if he should blast the package with his blaster or open it.
“I did not lose him per se, he’s evolving, you know, like… almost a normal person. Emphasis on almost. I mean he did kind of-”
“maybe, but… now I’m here. I think we can do this. We can go back and get it all back, we can bring everyone back”
. Morgan, which he later found out is quite a rascal, there’s no way of her doing anything without her having a tantrum or two first.
Steve sitting outside the Avengers Compound, staring at the floor, looking beat and deep in thought.
“how are you my baby girl?” she ignoring the man and checking the chart “she’s allergic to penicillin and looking by the punctured wounds I think we need to prep her to surgery to fix the broken bone. I will book the OR”
“I’m stuck in my hotel room for another three days, Steve. it’s not like I can teleport to Brooklyn in second” Tony laughed at the empty chair on his phone when a shadow of brown and white appears on his screen “oh hi, Dodge. Hear you’re a menace today.”
“Just open the door, Steve. I want to meet the other guy in your life. Making sure the competition wasn’t too rough” Tony smirked at his boyfriend.
“fine, I will choose you” she sighed in defeat and face her granddaughter “you’re in good hands, pumpkin. It’s going to be fine” she smiled and kissed the tip of her head.
“slipped out?” Tony let out thin smile “its ok. How’s your head? With all the crying you must be dehydrated.” Tony give him the water on the table “come here” he pats a spot next to him “can we talked about yesterday?”
Tony is lying on top of Steve’s body, kissing the man furiously. He slides one hand under Steve’s shirt rubbing the tip of his nipples, a small gasp let out from Steve’s mouth.
“Doctor Stark, is there anything to reduce the itchy? Any meds or something?” her dad standing next to the bed frowning at her hand
Steve stopped when he hears a kid stop running and staring at them. A confused little girl with puffy blue eyes staring at him. Sharing the same confused look, unable to turn away his gaze from the little girl in front of him
“at first I was afraid he might leave me for you. I know your history together. No one can compare to you. Especially me, it’s a miracle we ended together in the first place. I’m still convinced someday he will leave me again for you”
“Gotta say, sometimes I miss that giddy optimism of yours. There's no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute… what did you called it again?”
“drama queen” Steve chuckled “I spoke to Bucky the other day. He told me he was trying to make amends with you”
“Not much, took Dodger to the park. He barks at Great Dane twice his size, I had to apologize to the owner repeatedly because the Great Dane barks back and they were scaring the kids nearby. And he also tried to chase a squirrel. Not his best day”
unquote” Tony informed the hunk blonde dad who sighed in relief “right now she’s moved to peds ward. Infections might occur during post op so we will keep an eye on her for few days. Any questions?”
Tony Stark ordering a racoon where to screwing bolts is something he didn’t know would need but it’s now on his checked bucket list. And not to mention the moment he watched Captain America lifting 500 pounds of metal pipes like holding a bag of rice is definitely his new phone wallpaper now. But, looking at Tony Stark standing next to Steve Rogers pointing at blueprints so casually after the fight in Germany was so bizarre to him.
Meeting your already-dead-for-thirty-years dad is awkward. Like chatting with someone and not knowing who they are but you still tried to playing it cool awkward. Is it deja vu, or is it really
should be so lucky to have you. You get past of Pepper, Obie, you even past that stupid Ty. You can get past him. Maybe not now, maybe tomorrow, the point is you can, and you could. And like in the 80’s I will help you kick his ass when I see him. Well maybe I will need the suit since..” Rhodey point on his legs “but you know what I mean”
His eyes opened when he hears a knocked on the door. Rubbing his eyes, he moved closer and opened the door. Showing a terrified intern, or as he like to call “the Oompa Loompa of med school”.
Scott is cutting his orange slices next to Natasha who sitting next to him writing notes on the progress. The best part of being the brain in a group project is you got to tell the muscle of the group to do stuff. Looking at the other guys grabbing the big metal board, panels, and cables. Watching
“Yes, dear?” smirking at the blonde man leaning down to seal another kiss when a brown shadow head butting Steve head and pushed Tony away to their side.
“we will wait at the waiting room. I will be expecting someone to updating me every ten minutes” she is sighing and giving him and his intern a pointed look
It was bright. And strangely smells like antiseptic. So, this is what hell feels like, he tried to focused his vision when a familiar shriek greets him.
“no, I didn’t tell her. I… I wasn’t sure Tony would allow me in her life, so I just uncle Steeb for her”
Tony touch the edges of the dog tags on his neck, tracing the name molded on the plate “just so you know, I am not giving this back, you can’t make me. So I am going to asked again, are you sure about this?”
“Dodger bit my toe” Steve look at the dog incredulously “you traitor” he scowled at the dog who couldn’t care less and sit himself on Tony’s lap licking his face.
Tony can’t help to hold his satisfied grins to himself. Sliding his hand to Steve waist, he tried to pull his clothes.
“Oh baby, I could easily replace you with a vibrator. It can make me come and didn’t even talked back at me” Tony smirked when he saw a small frown start forming on Steve forehead. He wrapped his hands on Steve’s neck and pulled him closer for another kiss
When everything seems not working and when they almost given up, orange portals starts appearing, one by one everyone is back.
“thanks” Steve whispered when tony give him his drink “is everything Scott just told us is really possible?”
“none taken. You can stay, she like you. she needs to know all of her family. We can try civil for her. Although, I think you should really let her go before she bites your fingers off”
“Big Rogers, I’m about to open up her arm, I suggest you to leave the room” he said without even turning his head to Steve “someone get him out of the room” and he push the scalpel on her hand
“yeah… he was on your prosthetic trial. Works wonder on him. On us. Thank you for that by the way.” Steve let out a tired smile before a revelation hits him and eyes open wide in shock “oh my god, I just talked your ear off, didn’t I? I am so sorry.  I tend to blab. Especially when I was nervous and you were just being nice and couldn’t care less about my problems. Jesus this is awful, please make me stop talking” he winced.
“I get my second chance right here in my arms. I can't roll the dice again. Feel free to join our dinner, just tell F.R.I.D.A.Y about your order”
Steve washed the blade on his hand, rubbing his chin checking the shaved beard. Looking at his own reflection staring back at him, wishing his mother were there to help him.
“Alright, alright! Calm your horses, Dodge. Food is coming” Tony laughed at the dog antics “sorry soldier, your demanding son is hungry” he leaned on his tip toe to give a quick peck on Steve lips before walking to the pantry with Dodger behind him, wagging his tails.
“No, no, no. There are no other options. There's no do-overs. You said it yourself! Yo –” Scott scowling. A vein almost popped from his forehead
“yeah, I’m fine. I’m just… “ Steve wiped his eyes with his finger, laughing and hug his boyfriend “I love you, Tony Stark”
The thing about living in Malibu is the heat. Everything is hot and humid it makes his hair swell and doubled the size. The good news is, there will be tons of high profile celebrities with scandals and big news everyday so less paparazzi around Stark Mansion.
Tony hesitated, sighing exasperatedly pulling out the flip phone from his pocket “stupid outdated flip phone” he muttered, flipping the phone showing the only contact saved on the phone pressing the call button only to stop and look at Stephen Strange
Nebula help him walking down the stairs when he feels a strong hand grabbing his side. Shock would be an understatement, he thought. Glancing at Nebula, eyes bewildered changing a look. Tony grips Steve's arm as he joins him, Steve pulled him on strong hold buried his face on Tony’s neck.
“how did you get here? This is private property” Tony moved and shield the child from the stranger in front of them
“YESS!!” Tony scream and flung himself to Steve’s neck, knocking Dodgers out of their way causing the dog jumped on top of both of the men with a loud thud and leaving them both groaned in pain.
They both turn their head at the window when one Fedex courier knocked and searching for Tony Stank.
“oh fuck, not again” Tony grunt and closing his eyes trying to focused and counting his breathing keeping his sudden panic attack at bay.
Steve went back to his bedroom to grab his hoodie to search the neighborhood and stopped at the sight in front of him, a sleeping Dodger hugging Tony’s abdomen. The relieve sigh turned into scowl when he saw dodger is sleeping on
Tony rolled his eyes when he hears his daughter happily repeating all the words “you see what you did? You’re shouldn’t be allowed near my daughter anymore”
"this thing on?" he tapped the forehead of his helmet "I don't know how or who will get this message, I really hope it's you, my Jellybean, or Rhodey, or maybe you Steve. I honestly don't know if anybody would ever be going to see this. it's been three weeks, each time I close my eyes I saw people turning to dust, last night it was Morgan. she just vanished right in front of me. two days ago, it was Steve and I might slightly believe I was dead and it was my hell. To see everyone I know vanished right in front of me" he sighed and rubbed his face "the good news is I'm not completely alone. I have a blue sadistic meanie with me, her name is Nebula. She helped me fixing the leaked fuel cell. The bad news is, the oxygen will run out tomorrow. I was hoping she could meet my Jellybean, think Morgan would like to meet her. Gosh I was really hoping to pull this off one last time. I should probably lie down. Please know that... when I drift off, I will think about you. Because it's always you."
“I’m not going back, I don’t have any reasons to go back anymore. I got everything I wanted here. I choose
“I’m not even twenty and they said I had to use pacemaker my whole life? I was terrified, and alone. Everyone recognized my last name and their attitude change, too afraid to do something. But not Nurse Rogers, everyone know I needed a spanking and she’s the only one who delivers. She looked at me straight in the eyes and told me
Tony sit on the bottom of his pool, crossing his legs and let the underwater ambient noise flows. it was oddly soothing, and peaceful.
“ouch” Tony winced and glared at his intern who might or might not be letting out a snort and covering it with small cough “she got open ulna fracture. I think she’s allowed to curse”
“what a pompous ass” Tony muttered and he looked at the flip phone “I don’t know which is more insulting, he said that the avenger is mine or this stupid outdated phone.” He fold the letter “is it weird that I prefer him sending me his wedding invitation than this stupid ass phone?”
“Peter, come here boy, let Doctor Keener do his job” Sarah waving her hand gesturing the boy to follow her.
“I said, ‘we’d lose’ and you said, ‘We'll do that together too.’ And guess what, Cap? We lost. And you weren't there.”
“we making cupcakes Daddy” Morgan answered cheerfully with frosting on her face and some smeared on her princess costume
Tony rose from his seat and picking up Morgan who are too focused looking at the glowing stones in awe tried her best to touch the gems. “This is it... huh? Oh my gosh it was real i knew I wasn’t crazy. Why is no body’s around when I was right?” Tony muttered pacing around with Morgan in his hand frustrated because she can’t reach the stone near her
Steve just sighed and put the box on the floor. Sliding an arm on Tony’s waist “as if you could survive a day without me”
“So far, nothing's happened that can't be undone, if you sign. We can make the last 24 hours legit. Barnes gets transferred to an American psych-center . . . instead of a Wakandan prison.”
Tony just looked at the dog next to him sleepily and moved his body, nudging Dodger closer to the side of the bed to give Steve some space next to him on Tony’s side. Now tony is in the middle, sandwiched between Steve and Dodger
Steve hand roaming his face checking for bruises and scratches and hug him again. Tony looked at him letting out the breath he didn’t realised being hold
“for research, or buy new toys. the S from the S.H.I.E.L.D Hospital stands for Stark. That let people know I’m one of the board members. And they will come up to me to fund something, or worse, people corner me at parties to asked me checking the weird mole on their ass.” Steve just snorted at the comment.
. I had a long talk with Nat, and Sam. I get it now, I can see everything from your side. I can see how I hurt you. I was trying to find way for all us are fine, but I get it now, it doesn’t work that way. I want to… I want to fixed everything. I want to fix us… if you let me” Steve reached for his hand but stopped halfway. Unsure what to do, he settles with lay his hand touching the bed. Their fingers almost touch. Steve glance at Tony, already back to sleep. He just sighed and leaned back at the chair, resting his eyes.
,Tony. I’m still choosing you. I let you go once. I’m not doing it ever again” Steve grab Tony’s wrist, leaning for his touch, kissing the pulse on his wrist “five years ago, when you’re just woken up, when I got back from killing Thanos, I told you I would always choose you. And I want to fixed everything. If you let me. I still mean it. every word of it”
“I’m an architect actually. And this morning, after you rush her back to OR, we went back to the room, I threw up twice when I saw a lot of her blood on the floor. She lost her mother when she’s three months old. Cancer. Peggy. Her mother, got diagnosed when we found out she’s pregnant. She refused to treatment as long as the baby could be born. after her death, it just me and my mom. Taking care of the kids. With the help of some friends”
Tony loosen his tie while Thaddeus Ross keeps yelling on his phone. Pacing and Ignoring the look Natasha give him when he left the room. Shirts unbutton and messed up gelled hair half ignoring the fuming shouts from the phone.
“she’s mine” Rhodey immediately answer, ignoring the incredulous look everyone giving him “I’m babysitting” he shrugged “where’s Happy? You shouldn’t be here”
Tony just sit alone at the office, ignoring the familiar dejected thump that’s been haunting him for the last few hours, ruefully watching Bucky’s interrogation from the screen. He slides his hand back to the pocket on his trouser felling the cold surface of the dog tag, holding it tightly with his fingers.
“oh… guess what, Ms. Ellie gives us homework, what am I going to do when I grow up, I said I want to be ballerina like my Auntie Nat. Papa get me ballet shoes, it’s pink like yours” she waves her new pink satin ballet shoes
“you know, for someone who hate being kept out of secret he is really good at keeping one. Do you know that everyone, I mean like
“My dog loves you more than he loves me. I like to think that means we both picked the best human to love, considering animals are better judges of character than people. Marry me? or I guess
“great moral compass there, Doc” Tony huffed and moved to Peter. He taps each of Peter's shoulders with the edge of his hand, dubbing him as is done at a knighting. “congratulations kid, you’re an avenger now”
Steve just stared at her “ooh you want me to pick you up, right” he picked her up on his hand “why are you alone in here? Where’s your parents?”
“There's another way. To retake the Tesseract and acquire new particles. I know for a fact they were there–“
They sat in silence for a moment, Steve’s hand running along Tony’s healthy arm. Tracing the visible veins in his forearm, giving Tony goosebump and link their fingers together
“well… let’s just focus on the war first, little girl later, go ahead, we are going to be here for patrol”
“Decent poker face Dodge, but I don’t think you should eat this. But you can have my chicken” he picked one of the chicken bits and feed Dodger, which he obliged along with the left dog treats on the table. Steve watching the whole thing with annoyed look on his face.
A word he never thought he could utter anymore. Looking at the window to see the place he called home with only one person in is mind.
“we managed to get the blood clots and now she’s stable. Need an overnight observation and we changed her cast”
Tony slowly pulled Steve down in lying position, Steve arm still curled on his waist. Tony ran his fingertips on Steve hair like the way he used to when Steve curled up on his lap. Something that felt like so long ago now. Steve used to do that to him, he knew it soothe Tony, especially after nights working on his lab or after long meeting.
Still wearing his stealth suit, Steve entering the room, looking at Tony hooked with machine and cables. Machine beside him beeping steadily. Helen Cho writing something on his chart while talking to Bruce Banner.
“oh my god, is that blood?” the blonde hunk, Steven, as Tony noted looked pale and about to faint “I’m sorry, blood make me queasy” he tried not to threw up and shielding the wound from his peripheral vision with his hand
“Steve, just sit down and let me talked” Tony smiled amusedly at his outburst “I just want to tell you, you’re free to go back. I saw your face, yesterday. I get it. you can go”
Steve is trying his best to wipe the shit eating grins on his face when he walked out from the elevator. He can hear the Tony and Scott’s soft gasps on his earpiece.
tony tried to hid his amused smile, he cleared his throat “like I was about to say. Miss Morgan here, have open Ulna fracture. That means she broke her arm and it puncture an open wound right here” he pointed at the wound on her arm “I’m going to perform surgery to fix the bone back to its place and put her hand on cast.”
“it’s Sarah Rogers. Doctor Stark, meet my granddaughter, Morgan Rogers. Morgan this is Doctor Stark” Tony jumped at the voice behind startling him
Her question cut short with Steve coughing and he grabbing his drink “sorry, noddle went straight to wrong hole” he let out two more cough before emptying his drink
. He sighed and feel the edge of the mirror shakes. He adjusts the mirror to stop the shakes, and one minutes later it shakes again, harder and longer than the first time. Grabbing the clothes laid on the floor he runs to the yard to find Carol Danvers, the flying woman who asking for Fury two weeks ago carrying a spaceship.
Tony stopped when the machine next to Morgan starts beeping rapidly and the girl become unresponsive.
“I can’t do this. I can’t lose anyone anymore. How am I supposed to tell Morgan that her Auntie Nat who braids her hair, who teach her ballet, who give her snacks is gone? I can’t Tony, everyone leaves and they all dying. And for what? I’m fucking tired. I gave up. I – I –“ Steve choked up and blinded by his own tears, he felt Tony’s hand grabbing him tight, Steve just buried his head on Tony’s neck. Sobbing between Tony soothing hold wrapping his back falling into the source of the warmth.
“we have all the time for us” for the first time in seven years, Steve smiled the wildest and let out his toothy grins before kissing Tony again
“I’m okay. I know he’s important for you. It took me a while to understand, but I get it now. I know It wasn’t him. He doesn’t have a choice. I was angry, well mostly at you”
Natasha, Bruce and Rhodey runs behind him no one can take their eyes of the ship. Steve didn’t realize he’s been holding his breath until the door sliding down open, showing blue half robot lady holding a man that’s been haunting his dreams for the last two years, and without thinking Steve runs toward them.
“well look at that” Tony smiled at the sonogram picture and put his hand against his abdomen “we will be alright, Jelly Bean. I got you”
“Tony, what's going on? Tell me you found that cube.” Steve heart raced when he heard the loud bang and Tony cursing “Oh, you gotta be shitting me.” He groans looking at his old 2012 self standing in front of him.
Tony’s blood start to boil. All bottled rage, pain, and guilt suddenly starts to explode out “And I needed you. As in past tense. That trumps what you need. You know what I need?” he stands, pushing things off the table with a clatter. Everyone winces at the noise. He yanking the needle out from his vein ignoring the pain and blood dripping from his arm “I need to shave. And I believe I remember telling all of you-“
“good morning Doctor Stark” the little girl waved at him. Her father sits on the couch clicking on his laptop, smiling at the doctors.
“Well, no offense to Dodger, but he’s not really my type. Wrong species and all.” Tony grins “not to mention that I’m already spoken for, thank you very much.”
Tony opened his eyes, felt groggy and not adjusted to the light. Try his best looking around, to find Morgan napping at the couch near him. Gosh I missed my jellybean, he sighed.
he bit his inner check trying not to let out -not-so-manly high pitch giggle, when the blonde man start to blushing furiously, face all red. “it’s fine. it was nice actually to talk to someone who aren’t going to ask for funds or checking a mole once in a while”
“come on Danvers, you told me you never broke a bone, ever?” Tony raised his eyebrows “scalpel” he raised his palm to the scrub nurse
“Steve” Tony panting chasing him to the room, standing in front of him. Hands almost touching his wrist but he stopped
They way Bruce shoving the bench in anger and Clint screaming, Steve just can’t hold it anymore, he excuses himself and rushed back to his room. He needed to be alone. He stands on his room, pacing in circles.
. You need to be there, end of discussion. Now if you all will excuse me; I have a phone call to make. I expect to see you all in the lobby, dressed and ready to go by eight o'clock."
Regardless, Carol did as she was told and waited for the nurse with the wheelchair to arrive. When he did, she sat down and tried to wheel herself out of the room, but the male nurse grabbed the wheelchair by the handlebars and pulled her back, saying that he was supposed to be pushing her. Carol so desperately wanted to scream at the top of her lungs and punch the guy out but managed to hold back.
"Tony Stark, look at me!" Tony felt a hand come to rest on his shoulder and implore him to turn around. Having no other choice, he did exactly that and came face-to-face with an extremely angry Lara Conroy. Despite her rage, Tony didn't feel afraid or threatened. They didn't call it "liquid courage" for nothing, after all.
"The kind that ruins nice lives." Slowly, Dr. Cranston nodded, but Tony had to wonder if she really understood what he was saying.
Steve could hear an entire choir of angels singing directly in his ears. Once again, he found himself thankful for the increased durability and healing factor the Super Soldier Serum gave him. Otherwise, he probably would have gone deaf the second Thor's hammer hit his shield.
"No," he said. "Betty saved them when I went on the run, but I'd imagine the government would have taken them back after the Harlem incident."
"Okay," he said before he started to lean in; practically pulling himself into Steve's lap and wrapping his arms around his neck to give him a hug. "I'll promise I'll be careful." Steve reciprocated the hug, wrapping his arms around Tony's shoulders and moving his mouth to speak into his ear.
Natasha frowned for a moment, feeling a bit sorry for him. She started walking towards the door but stopped just as she reached it, realizing that there was still something she needed to say.
"It's just a hug," they insisted. "When am I ever gonna get a chance to hug a guy who looks like Iron Man again?"
"Nope," Coulson said. "I've got Stark. You get the big guy." Natasha stopped dead in her tracks. She knew exactly who he meant, and she let out a curse in a language she knew Coulson didn't understand. Well, she didn't think it was possible, but her night was just about to get even more exciting. Great.
"You're welcome." Tony could only shake his head at her obliviousness. Pepper, meanwhile, gave him a concerned look.
"Sir, please put down the spear!" The man looked at the object in his hand. The object was golden and had a gem in the center of it that was similar in color to that of the Tesseract. Clint would more likely classify it as a scepter than a spear, but it was still clearly weaponized. The top part clearly had a bladed edge that looked like it would hurt beyond hell if someone got stabbed with it. That ended up not being the part of the weapon that they had to worry about, though. The man pointed the scepter at one of the armed agents and fired a bright blue blast that knocked the agent across the room. Whether or not he was alive, or dead wasn't clear, but nobody had time to question that as the man on the platform began to fire indiscriminately.
In the center of the room, a pair of chairs were set up to face each other. Both chairs were the color of coffee cream, and both had a small table to their right. Dr. Cranston walked past Tony and over to the furthest chair.
It did, briefly. She got about twenty minutes of sleep before Telemachus decided that he was done with cuddles and jumped off the bed, waking her up. After that, sleep began to elude her again. Now realizing that she wasn't going to be able to sleep ever again, Lara decided to give up the ghost and get out of bed. She probably needed to check her blood sugar levels anyway.
They gathered in Central Park, the only spot in the city clear enough for Thor and Loki to use the Tesseract to get back to Asgard. The park had been evacuated along with the rest of Manhattan and no one had been allowed back inside yet – other than them. It was strange, seeing the park so empty, so dead. Streets that were normally awash with people were suddenly still. It was really an eerie and unsettling sight to see.
"Uh…" Tony kept his eyes on his feet. He knew he wouldn't be able to stand the disappointed look on Steve's face when he revealed what he did next. "I poured a mimosa into my flask."
"It's alright for now, though," Tony said. "I have more than enough money to pay for my own medical expenses. It's no big deal.
So, for a little bit, it was just the two of them downstairs in the communal kitchen; Steve cooking while Tony ate and desperately hoping that his breakfast choice would not cause pain for him later. It was quiet, but not uncomfortable. Then Natasha came into the room.
"You don't need to worry," he said. "I'm fine." As those last two words left his mouth, Tony's face scrunched like he just tasted something sour. That told Steve all he needed to know.
"And I'm Rick Andreu," they greying man sitting next to her said. "Our top story tonight continues to be the break-in at Stark Industries that occurred sometime yesterday morning. LAPD released a statement confirming the investigation is active and more details will be released to the public as they continue to investigate. Still no word on the matter from Tony Stark, majority stockholder, former CEO of Stark Industries, and more recently known as the superhero Iron Man, but current CEO of Stark Industries, Virginia 'Pepper' Potts, did release a statement on behalf of the company this morning. More on that coming up in this half-hour."
"Well, you three better get your asses down here," Tony said. "Because there's plenty of entertainment to go around. Swing up Park, I'm gonna lay 'em out for you."
"Seventeen," she shrugged. "It wasn't that big of a deal. I was already used to fending for myself – you must when no one can even notice that you might need help. Plus, I've always wanted to travel, so I did a bit of that. Paris, Milan, Hong Kong – you name it, I've been there. I learned how to control this "power" a bit; disappear only when I want to. Still, there are times when I can't get anyone to notice me no matter how hard I try, and it drives me up a freaking wall."
"Very limited, Sir," JARVIS responded. "Direct contact with the repulsors will render them non-functional, contact with the armor's joints will cause it to become stuck, and contact with the housing for the Arc Reactor will cause the armor to power down."
Natasha and Clint gave quick assurances of agreement, with Natasha adding, "whatever you need, we'll help you." Tony blinked, not believing what he was hearing.
"The house is alarmed," Carol explained. "Fury and Hill will be notified of a burglary ASAP. That is if you can't get ahold of them first."
"I didn't want or need his help, though," Tony said. "Even if I don't have a clue who you're talking about or what happened, I know that much."
She stared straight ahead of her as doctors bustled around her. This was it. Whatever had been stopping her powers was going to be fixed, but to think of what she was sacrificing to get them back… She couldn't think of it. She just stared at the ceiling tiles and tried to ignore the fact that she was lying naked on an operating table in a room full of strange men with wires stuck to her skin and an oxygen mask over her face that made it impossible to scream.
Looking around the penthouse, he was relieved to see that nothing had been broken (yet) and there was no blood or signs of a struggle. All indications that no one had been seriously hurt or killed yet. The only thing he could see that was out of place was that someone had belted the access stairwell's door shut. Other than that, the place was in pristine condition. Glancing over to his right, he could see the Norse Trickster God approaching.
"Is there more to tell?" Tony remained silent, directing his gaze down to his shoes. Romanoff sighed. "How long as this been going on?"
Another complication was the fact that he was still in the hospital. There was less than a minute between the cop leaving and a woman with long blonde hair walked into the room introducing herself as Dr. Holcomb. He was then forced to listen to the whole spiel about what his test results showed again. She did go into more detail about his condition and methods of treatment than Dr. Rawls did, which Tony considered being a good thing. Although, she did concede that the only treatment method available for a case as severe as his was a bone marrow transplant, which was complicated by the fact that he had no living relatives and one of the rarest blood types in the world. However, they did have the means to treat the ailments and get him back in relatively good health. They wanted to focus on that before they tackled the donor problem. After all, he needed to be in good health before they did the surgery.
"I'm not overly fond of what follows." Steve was going to ask what he meant, but he was quickly cut of as the plane lurched violently. He looked over to Natasha and the other agent flying the plane. They both calmly got the aircraft to stabilize, but it was clear that whatever had happened wasn't their doing. Natasha's gaze went upwards and Steve followed it and was shocked by what he saw. A person had landed on top of the aircraft.
"How long do you think it will be until he can have visitors?" Fury asked. "We kind of can't waste time here in bringing him up to speed."
"Captain Rogers," he said. "Good to see you're awake. My name is Dr. Rory Fox. I'm the head medical practitioner at this facility."
"Isn't it," Natasha asked. "Because the whole point was that I was scared you were going to die. I acted irrationally because I thought you were going to die. That's not…" She took a deep breath. "We've been in life or death situations before. I have seen you almost die before, but I was never
"Let's do it." Tony pressed a quick, chaste kiss to Steve's lips before he started to get up. Steve raised his eyebrows and put a hand on Tony's back.
If you're wondering why this is getting posted later than normal, that's because I got a new laptop. Not happy about how much I had to spend to get it, but it'd be impossible to live my daily life without one, so it was necessary. Anyway, enjoy the chapter.
