“It’s very dangerous,” the witch said as she paced the young girl’s bedroom. “Once they are sent to this place, the key to break the spell lies within their hearts, and if they don’t have what they need deep down, they’ll never make it back out. They’ll be stuck there forever.” She paused and the long, black dress she wore swayed from side to side. “Is this a risk you’re willing to take?”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said softly. He looked at him for a minute, and then awkwardly ran a hand through his hair before turning his attention to their surroundings. “So, we need to figure out where we are and why we’re here and how to get back home.”
Cas readjusted himself so that he could look Dean straight in the face. He placed one hand on his cheek, forcing him to look at him. “Dean, are you afraid to be with me? Of what people might think?”
Dean gave Cas a wink. “Well, you kinda crossed the line tonight, Sammy,” Dean began in a hard tone. When he saw Sam’s face fall in confusion, he added. “But, you’re lucky it was in a good way.”
Dean hadn’t been ice skating since he was a kid, but he figured it was like riding a bike. He slipped the skates on and looked over to see Cas doing the same. He wasn’t sure how coordinated a newly human Cas would be out on the ice, but figured it would be fun regardless.
He heard Cas let out a low half moan, half cough in the back, his eyes still watching Dean. Dean slammed on the brakes and Baby skidded to a stop.
They came up to another clearing and the unicorn suddenly stopped and stomped one hoof into the ground.
Cas took a step back from Dean. “No, Sam, it’s okay. It’s just this spell…” He waved his hands out in front of him.
Sam laughed. “Man, we need to end this spell soon. I’ve told you three times where we’re going but you can’t keep your eyes off Cas long enough to listen. I mean, it’s normal for you two to stare at each other, but now it’s amplified to the tenth power.”
Dean stretched out his legs as he sat down, feeling that hint of spark shoot through him when his foot rested against Cas’s. “So, the plan is to keep searching for a way out of here as soon as the sun rises in the morning. Surely, there’s a way out of this damn place?” His voice was thick and low as he watched Cas loosen his tie and he smiled when the top two buttons of his white dress shirt casually draped open.
Cas walked towards him, his feet stopping inches from Dean’s, and said, “Dean, I promised you I wouldn’t disappear again, and I won’t. I went to buy food to make you breakfast.”
“Dean!” Cas yelled, bounding up the few steps that separated them and pushing past Sam. His hand clutched onto Dean’s left shoulder as he peered into his face.
He watched the young bartender eye Cas, clearly interested. She slid his drink in front of him and smiled sweetly. “Let me know if you need anything else,” she said gently touching his hand. “Anything.” She raised her eyebrows suggestively.
“Sorry, man, but I can’t let you drive home. I’ll call you a cab,” the bartender said as he grabbed his cell phone.
“Dean, are you referring to how people go on dates?” Cas asked with a slight inclination of his head.
Dean pulled out his knife, leaned forward and as he went to hold it against the man’s throat, his hand stopped in mid air. He eyed the cab driver angrily. “What the hell are you?” he bit out through clenched teeth.
All the times Dean had fantasized about this moment fluttered through his mind, and as he openly let them in, he prayed Cas saw all the images for what they were worth. He closed his eyes as he let each fantasy consume him. When he opened his eyes, he saw Cas’ blue eyes wide with shock and said softly, “No, I won’t.”
As soon as he got close, the monster reared back and thrust out its claws, slashing four deep wounds across Dean’s face. He stumbled backwards a step but quickly regained his footing just in time to see Cas running towards them.
“Cas, dammit, I said to just let it go,” Dean said, still not able to turn around and face Cas. Shit, what was he going to do? Did this stuff actually let them hear each others thoughts? And then he heard, “
The young girl sat on the edge of her bed, hands resting in her lap, and her lips pressed together in determination. “They have it in there and they’ll make it back, I’m sure of it.” She pushed a strand of dark brown hair that was lightly streaked with burgundy from her face and gave the woman a nod. She prayed her parents didn’t wake up, she didn’t want them to ruin the deal she was about to make with the witch.
Cas claimed Dean’s mouth with his own as if he needed Dean to breathe. Their bodies melted together as one, and the little bit of resistance they had left drifted away into the dark hallway, taking the spell away with it.
They walked down the sidewalk under a mixture of lights and bright, winter stars, neither saying much. When they finally got to Baby, Dean walked over to Cas’ side and said, “Here, let me get that. I think I locked it.” He lifted the handle to the door that was clearly not locked, and opened the door for Cas, “After you,” he gestured with his hand.
“I’ll be fine, Dean.” He looked down at the cheese puffs that were scattered all over the car. His face softened apologetically as he said, “Sorry for another mess. I’ll clean it up when we get back.”
Dean opened a door that led into the last room they had yet to search and held a flashlight out, searching for a light switch. He flicked it on and they both went separate directions. Five minutes later he came up to Cas standing on his tiptoes, his face pinched in concentration as he reached for something on the top shelf.
Cas stood to his right, his stance mimicking Dean’s as he said, “It seems we’ve been cast into an alternate world of some kind. The question is why and what are we going to have to face?”
yourself feel that way for me. But now I’ve realized that you are okay with it,” Cas said, his voice becoming more confident.
He quickly got up and took off after them, aggravated that he was so off balance. He darted into the kitchen and saw Cas lying on the floor, doubled over and clutching his stomach in pain. Sam was pinned against the wall, a look of pain and anger on his face. The woman had her back to him as she held her hands up, her long gray hair floating all around her as she chanted the words to the spell to keep them from moving.
Cas leaned down and kissed him, a moan escaping through their parted lips as their erections pressed together. Cas planted soft kisses down Dean’s neck and chest, before tracing his nipple with his tongue. Dean squirmed beneath him, a moan vibrating deep in his chest, making Cas smile.
“We’ll take two hot chocolates.” Dean smiled at the man wearing reindeer antlers on his head and shifted from foot to foot as a cold gust of wind blew. He looked over at Cas to see him shivering. “These will warm us right up.”
Dean threw his hand up. “Cas, I said drop it. Let’s just focus on the job at hand, we’ll deal with whatever this is later.”
“Yes, it did,” he said, his lips brushing softly against Cas’. “Come on, lets go inside, I need to have a word with my meddling brother,” Dean said as he grabbed Cas’ hand and opened the door.
Cas walked to the edge of the cliff and gazed out into the distance. “It’s beautiful,” he whispered. He turned around and held out a hand that was full of colorful wildflowers. He looked down at the ground bashfully as he said, “I picked these for you.” Blue eyes were finally visible as he looked up at Dean and added, “I saw them and just thought, that, um…”
“Yes, we just went through some kind of force field. It could be from the house, but I’m not quite sure,” Cas said, scowling as he studied the large, two story home and girl in front of them.
“Dean, wh- what are you doing?” he stammered, and his eyes fell to the water. The remaining light from the sun reflected onto the water, illuminating Dean’s hand on his upper thigh. Cas watched his hand gently squeeze his leg and inch upwards. His stomach flipped and he couldn’t help but like what he felt.
Without thinking, Dean pulled Cas up to his feet and into a hug, his hands clutching him tightly as his mind replayed the scene. He thought he’d lost him for sure this time. He was lucky he was an Angel, because there was no way he would’ve survived that fall if he was human. Dean felt Cas’s hands wrap around his back and squeeze, and before Dean could second guess himself, he found his lips brushing against Cas’s neck as he whispered in his ear. “I was so worried I thought I’d lost you.”
Sam stopped at the side of Cas’s truck that he’d borrowed. “This is nice,” he said as his eyes dropped down to their hands that were now intertwined.
“Yes,” Cas said, reaching up to touch a scratch that lined his neck. He rubbed it and a smile erased the worry on his face when it slowly disappeared.
Cas gave him one last look before slowly pressing his lips over Dean’s. Their kiss was soft and tender at first, and when Cas slipped his tongue into Dean’s mouth, the moan that escaped them sounded like a hum of relief. Cas reached up and cupped Dean’s face, bringing him closer, needing to feel his body against his own.
“Cas, dammit, I told you, you can’t yell like that when I’m driving,” Dean said, looking over to see Cas peering down at his phone, a dopey smile plastered across his face.
“I hope this isn’t anything poisonous,” Dean said as he stood up and examined the bottle in his hand. There was a rusted metal label on the front with ineligible writing that had been rubbed off throughout the years.
Dean yanked open the door and walked around the front of the car, running his hands through his hair as he inhaled the cold air. He couldn’t do this. It was all too much to handle. His body fought against him, its desperation to get back into the backseat of the car with Cas was on the verge of winning. And if he succumbed, what would happen? He’d ruin his relationship with the only friend he’s ever had, all because of some spell? He couldn’t let that happen. He knew he had these feelings for Cas bottled up for a long time, but there was no way Cas felt the same way and he wasn’t about to ruin things. Cas was only putting out these thoughts because of that damn potion. So, he had to do what he could to fight this until they found a way to end it. He figured it was time to tell Sam.
to fight this monster himself. He saw Cas scowl and reluctantly take a step back, clearly torn about the decision, but there was also a look of understanding that showed on his face. No words were needed, because from day one, Cas seemed to have a way of knowing Dean better than he knew himself. Dean focused his attention back to the monster who was now circling him. He squared his shoulders and held the sword out in front of him as he began to run towards it. A loud roar erupted from deep in his throat, sounding foreign and far away. He had no idea where this strong desire came from, but determination to finally end this beast soared through him as he ran directly towards it. He’d never wanted something more in his life than to squash everything about the monster that stood in his way.
Cas’ eyes flew to hers as understanding hit him. His eyes widened. “Um, thanks,” he said as he quickly downed the shot.
“Cas, are you sure?” Sam questioned. “I mean, we don’t necessarily know what kind of spell this is. Maybe it just unlocks how someone truly feels?”
As soon as he felt Dean’s fingers slip under his shirt and caress his bare skin, Cas swung his leg over and straddled Dean, their lips never parting. Cas ran his hand through Dean’s hair, gently tugging, and when Dean moaned, he pressed his hips harder against him. He pulled himself away from Dean’s lips and trailed light kisses down his jaw and along his neck. His teeth grazed the delicate skin, gently nipping, before replacing the sting with a kiss.
“We’d better see what’s going on.” Cas’s voice came out in a breathy whisper and his blue eyes dropped to Dean’s lips, but he didn’t make any indication that he wanted to move.
“Um, how about I walk you to the door, then, since I’m a gentleman and all,” Dean said with a wiggle of his eyebrows.
They stood like that for a while, Dean standing behind Cas, his arms wrapped around his waist. And Cas clutching Dean’s hands, his head leaning back and resting against Dean’s shoulder as they watched the sun slowly dissolve into the bright green landscape below them. Birds soared through the air and on the ground they saw a herd of wild horses running.
“I see them,” Dean laughed, amused at how Cas could go from a warrior to almost childlike at the sight of something that excited him. But it was rare for them to be alone and have a moment where they weren’t fighting for their life or a monster of some kind. They never had a chance to sit back and enjoy life. Fear was always close on their radar, and when they returned home, he had another fear he now had to worry about. Fear of losing Cas in the way he had him right now. He found himself afraid of leaving this place. Leaving here and returning home only for them to get caught up in always fighting something that they would rarely get opportunities like this, and then to have this intimate connection slowly dissipate. He began to fear that getting his hopes up like this wasn’t going to be worth it in the end. Things never seemed to work out for any of them.
Having enough of the waitress, Dean slid up next to Cas and put his arm around him. “Hey, handsome.” He smiled as Cas’ eyes found his. “We’ll have one more shot,” he said to the waitress, smiling sweetly as she huffed and poured two more shots.
The bird let out a loud screech as it swooped down towards Dean. He covered his ears at the loud noise and flung his sword up into the air as the bird came at him. It barely grazed the creature, and he ducked when long, black feathers fell on top of him as the bird shot back towards the sky.
“Uh, yeah, right. Look, we need to end this spell before you guys do something you both might regret.”
Dean watched him walk out and after a few minutes went downstairs and grabbed another beer. A piece of paper on the table caught his eye and he picked it up. He studied the name, Sarah, along with the phone number for several minutes, and then stuffed it in his pocket, grabbed his beer, and headed back to his room.
Dean took another few steps and took his face in his hands. “I can be stubborn,” he said with a laugh.
Dean leaned into Cas and wrapped his hands tightly around his waist, trying not to fly off the back from the unicorn’s increased speed. He peered over Cas’s shoulder and said, “What the hell was that?” The jostling from the horse galloping caused his lips to accidentally brush against Cas’s ear.
Sam turned to study him, his face scrunched in confusion at his peculiar actions. “Dude, what’s the rush? I haven’t even finished what I was saying and we need a plan before we take on this case.”
“Dean, don’t be sorry. If I had to do it all over again, I would, because no matter what decision we would have made, we would still have found our way here into each other’s hearts. It’s called fate. That’s why that soulmate spell worked on us,” he said, rubbing his hand over Dean’s heart.
Cas and Dean both dove for the bottle, their arms outstretched, desperately trying to snag the bottle before it shattered on the floor. Their heads crashed together as they landed in the puddle of liquid that was pooling on the hardwood from the broken bottle.
The cat jumped on him, its claws digging into his skin. He felt the hard ground beneath his back and he knew this would be the end of them if he didn’t fight with everything he had. He knew he had to let go of the fear of losing Dean or he’d never win this battle. His hands were pressing against the cats neck trying to keep its mouth away from him. As saliva dripped down onto his face, he removed one hand and searched the ground for his sword. The cats mouth inched closer and Cas felt his arm losing strength. Just when he thought he couldn’t hold the cat off any longer, his fingers wrapped around his blade. He let out a snarl as he shoved the blade into the belly of the cat. The animal wailed and Cas felt hot blood trickle down onto his body. Breathing hard, he pushed the large cat off of him, and crawled over to Dean.
Cas swung to the ground in one swift motion and stood next to Dean. They stiffened when another growl came from the woods, this growl sounding closer than the last. They both pulled out their swords and stood back to back when they heard leaves rustling.
Dean pulled away and his eyes went to the ground behind Cas. Beneath the ashes the word ‘worry’ was spelled out. They both stared at it and Dean shrugged. “I have no idea what is going on here or what kind of messed up place we’re in. First there was ‘denial’ and now ‘worry’.”
Dean leaned back in his chair, legs resting on the table as he eyed Cas over. He was sipping slowly on his beer, his eyes fixated on the paperwork in front of him regarding their next case, and his hair was slightly disheveled.
Sam laughed and said, “That’s not what I was talking about. It’s about time you guys finally admit your feelings. You don’t know how many times I’ve wanted to lock you two in the closet myself and not let you out until you’ve admitted it.”
They all three walked inside to a small living room that was filled with various plants. Dean sniffed and rubbed his eyes as they began to water from a strong onion smell that wafted from the kitchen.
Dean felt all the emotion relentlessly pulling him to Cas, but as soon as he had placed his arm around him, they had diminished slightly, as if sated by his very touch. “Yeah,” Dean said and leaned in and added, “I’m sorry, it just came over me.” His hand gently squeezed Cas’ shoulder, his fingers trailing along his bicep, and suddenly Cas was leaning into him. Dean tossed another shot back, Cas still nestled under his arm, feeling as if he belonged there. And maybe he did. His rational side was telling him to step back now, because this was beginning to cross the line on their friendship, but his desire was too strong.
Hoping to catch her off guard, Dean held his gun out and aimed. He heard the blast of the gun, but suddenly the woman was standing in front of him, smiling. He looked down at his hand to see it was now empty. “What the hell?” he said, but with a flick of her hand, he was flying backwards again. He hit the wall and jumped up, only to see her walking towards Cas who was still hunched over in a fetal position on the floor, clearly in excruciating pain. He felt his heart thud with fear at what she was planning on doing to Cas. He pulled out his blade, aimed, and threw it at the old woman. He watched it fly through the air and land in her left shoulder. She screamed out in pain and within seconds he had her shoved against the wall, a blade resting on her neck to keep her from chanting any more spells.
“Ah, that’s right, the show Supernatural. We’ll be looking forward to that, too.” Dean gave her a wink and followed Cas down the steps to Baby.
Dean pulled out a beer and slammed the refrigerator door shut harder than he’d intended to. He looked up to see Sam staring at him. “What?” he asked, his tone laced with irritation.
Sam snickered and said, “Yeah, sure, I’ll get right on that. And here I thought it was a life or death situation, but it turns out it’s just a love spell.”
Dean felt his presence even before he was there. He’d noticed this happening more and more lately. A rush of electricity would plummet through his body long before Cas would appear. It was as if Dean could feel him traveling through time. He hadn’t said anything to Cas about this new feeling because he wasn’t sure what it meant. There was a swoosh of feathers and then Cas appeared in front of him.
Cas wanted to know the same thing. But, he was glad that Dean had stepped in because as soon as he did, the intense emotions that were going on between them had diminished for a second and he felt like he could breathe.
Smiling, Sam stood and said, “Uh, yeah, it’s plain as day, Dean. Anyway, I saw the piece of paper on the table with the address you’d jotted down, and when Heather finally admitted her plan, I was all in.”
As if reading his mind, Cas said, “Dean, I’ll never leave your side no matter what happens. I could never do that. Do you want me to stop?” he asked as his lips brushed against the heavy stubble that coated Dean’s flushed cheek. Cas was praying he’d say no. He had wanted to kiss Dean for a long time, but he never knew how he would feel about it. He didn’t even know himself what to think about it or what it all really meant. He just knew it was something he wanted to do. But now, he was realizing Dean might just be okay with it. He would give anything for him to be okay with it. And the words that Dean said next soothed some of the doubt Cas was feeling.
Dean raised an eyebrow as he looked at Cas. “Yeah, that’s definitely okay.” He didn’t know where they were going with this, but he knew it felt good to get his feelings off his chest, and he was relieved that Cas felt the same way he did.
Dean let himself be pulled by Cas and settled against him, his head resting on Cas’s chest. He sat there listening to his heart beat and felt Cas’s fingers begin to twirl in his hair. Evidently playing with his hair was something Cas enjoyed doing. He figured it must be just as relaxing to him as it was to Dean.
Dean stared at him. “Like he’s always fine every other time he vanishes?” He began pacing again and said, “Dammit, he promised me he wouldn’t disappear like this again.”
was about to drive him insane, Dean couldn’t help but smile every time he saw Cas singing along to the song. He hated Christmas music, but wasn’t about to tell Cas to turn it off. This was Cas’ night and he didn’t want to ruin it.
Dean eyed him briefly before turning away to resume his pacing. Of course he was wrong sometimes, but dammit not this time. Or, was he? Hell, he wasn’t sure anymore. Things had unraveled so fast that night he didn’t know which way was up or who started the whole thing.
He pulled Cas into a hug, squeezing him tightly as he rocked him back and forth, his hand clutching the collar of his trench coat as he struggled with these newfound emotions that he was now feeling.
Sam looked at him, opened his mouth to say something, and then just shook his head. Dean quickly pushed passed him, slamming his door behind him. He flopped back onto his bed and put his headphones on, wanting to shut out the world for awhile, especially the thought of Cas going on a date.
Cas frowns at him. “Bees are very important to the environment, Dean. And they are misunderstood. They only sting in self-defense and aren’t actually dangerous. In fact, without bees global agricultural production would decrease by...”
“You should.” Charlie has apparently watched their exchange closely. “Though I already have to warn you that spousal abuse cases are a shitty procedure and the success rates are low.”
“So we’re seriously thinking about this?” Dean asks, his mind still caught between screeching and shutting down.
“Don’t fight, Dean. Just let it happen. Let me take care of you. Let me love you. At least this one night.”
Hannah looks directly into his eyes as if to make sure that there is no doubt when she answers. “Of course you were.”
Apparently, Dean is helpless against the stubbornness of his friends, because even though he tries to dissuade them several more times, Cas sets up a meeting explicitly including all three of them. In fact, it’s all Dean can do to keep Cas from calling Sam and getting him to go with them as well. Dean’s not proud of it, but he resorts to begging on this one. He can’t do this with his little brother present. Not if he doesn’t know he’s going to come out intact on the other end.
Dean’s stomach is decidedly not up for food, but with Cas and Charlie hovering he makes an effort. It’s easier than to have them pestering him. There isn’t really anything they can prepare for the meeting, so the day stretches with a lot of empty time. Cas calls in to work as well, though fortunately he only had one more appointment this afternoon, which is easily postponed. Dean can’t keep himself from watching him while he makes that call. He doesn’t even eavesdrop, just watches the way Cas’ lips move as he talks.
Cas scowls at him like nothing is alright, and yeah, it probably isn’t. But it’s the best Sam can do right this second.
“Yeah, I was in there alright, but - fuck,” Dean hits his hand against the kitchen counter with a loud smack before taking a deep breath. He can’t look at Cas while he explains this, so he stares at the heap of tomatoes instead. “The Mark’s no outside influence, Cas. It’s not Naomi ordering me to kill. The Mark only took what was already inside me.” He turns back to Cas after all, feeling utterly drained. “That murderer, that
“That I might have to wait a very long time. I already know that, Cas. It doesn’t scare me. This is worth the the wait.
“You didn’t even notice, did you?” Dean shakes his head. “Dammit, I flirted with a handsome dude for two months and he didn’t even notice.”
Steve has a sudden flashback to the times before the war, when he’s seen Bucky with a dame, either in their apartment or because Steve didn’t want to stay home alone and found himself at the same bar Bucky went to. Now Natasha would kick his ass for calling her a
She sighs. “Look, Dean, you were frank with me - which I appreciate by the way - so I’ll be frank with you. Unsealings are a shitty process. And if I’m going to be your Guardian for this, I’m going to have to write a detailed report on you. On your state of mind, on your surroundings, on your stability and on a whole bunch of other stuff that I’ll have to look up in detail. But an Unsealing can’t be undone. So the judge ain’t gonna grant it unless the work has been done. It doesn’t matter whether you’re both sure. You need to prove both your suffering and that you have the necessary resources to cope with the fallout.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean gives in because he’s never found a way not to give in to that. “Maybe he’s kind of cool. We just met, I can’t really know yet, can I?”
“Ah,” Dean shrugs. “Nothing fancy. My brother’s gonna come over in the morning and we’re gonna have a little Christmas breakfast. Just him, Claire and me. And then we’re gonna drive out to Uncle Bobby’s for dinner and exchange gifts and enjoy Ellen’s eggnog like we do every year. That’s basically it. We drive back the day after and I’m opening the bar as normal on Sunday.”
He has failed him in life, he is failing him again now. Every time he turns around, every time he can’t make himself go through this gate, every time his mind conjures up the image of a pale unmoving corpse instead of the picture of his brother.
Chuck sighs again, obviously resigned to his fate. “Kitchen table, please. The light is best there. I’ll get my emergency kit.”
“Cas, man, I know it’s your job and stuff to bring soulmates back together when they’re estranged but this ain’t gonna change. I know it. In here.” He pats his chest. “It’ll never make me feel anything but - violated.” He mumbles the last word, the truth of it still too much to say out loud. But there is the distinct possibility that he’s going to have to live with this feeling forever. And if he can’t even get his best friend, the person who has always been there for him, to see the truth of it, then how is he ever supposed to convince Amara that their bond needs to be broken?
thing? We talked about it,” Dean reminds him. “As you can see, this ain’t the fanciest part of town, and Kaia’s folks are a ways away from your white upper middle-class community. And while I’m honestly pretty fucking sure that they don’t give a rat’s ass whether you approve of them, I’m also pretty damn certain that Claire does. So if you’ve got anything disparaging to get out of your system, do it right now and I will listen, but hold your peace when they’re back.”
“Good,” Cas offers quietly. “Arms out.” He gently shrugs the flannel off of Dean’s shoulders. “And arms up.”
“Oh gosh, Cas, no. Not that. I’m not suicidal or anything. I just - I don’t want to be with her. And the thought of... “ He shakes his head. “She keeps touching me, too. I - urgh.”
“You know that it’s not necessary, right?” Ellen joins him at the stove where the first batch of popcorn is cooling and the next one is in the pan. “We have actual decorations and everything.”
He finds himself in Missouri’s arms, crying desperately. She rocks him gently, like she did when he was much smaller and a child. He soaks it up eagerly, her touch the only motherly warmth he’s ever known.
It’s instantly clear, though, that Dean won’t be any help here. “She’s right. We have neglected your lessons. And they wanted to teach you how to ride before we ever reached Angels’ Nest.”
“You better be. You’re gonna give Ellen a heart-attack if something happens to you,” Bobby grumbles. Dean’s kind of grateful that he leaves out the
It relieves Dean of the need to answer anything, which is good because he’s not only got no idea what to say, he’s got no idea how to deal with the news at all. A tiny Sam-Jess-mixture is going to walk around this planet and Dean’s not going to be there to see it. To spoil the kid rotten and give it burgers and pie when Sam and Jess only feed them rabbit food. It’s fucking unfair, and while the dot on the picture was tiny, the whole thing is so big that Dean isn’t even sure it fits in his brain. Like, at all.
Dean shrugs, though the gesture is tense. Cas can’t know it but his question is veering close towards the territory that Dean’s not usually discussing with people he’s just getting to know. “Well, I guess you could say I was her, once upon a time. Only I also had my little brother to feed and…” He breaks off. “I’m not gonna tell you my whole sob story tonight, especially since you don’t even know the whole thing with Michael and the trial yet.” Dean rubs his hands over his arms, a small comforting gesture. It’s been years but he can feel the bile rise at the back of his throat. So instead of lingering, he presses on. “Suffice it to say that the strangers that took me in never did it out of the goodness of their hearts. So, I didn’t want to see that happening to her. Didn’t want to see her hurt. Anymore than she already was, anyway.”
Dean stares at him, and opens his mouth but no sound comes out. He can’t. Not right now. Not in the middle of a store. They shouldn’t be having this discussion in public while they’re supposed to be a couple, anyway. So instead, he says, “Just - sorry. For, you know, everything.” Then he quickly asks, “What color sheets, Cas?”
But Cas doesn’t move away. He comes closer. “May I hug you?” he asks. “Or is touching still too much?”
“Yes,” Dean sighs because of course there’s nothing he can say against this. He hopes he manages to keep his heart-break out of his voice when he adds, “That’s a good plan. Take your time. I’ll finish this up.”
He storms into the kitchen, ready to grab his jacket and his keys to do - something, when his eyes catch on a note on the kitchen counter.
“I always am. Especially when woken up in the middle of the night.” But he works swiftly and carefully, making Dean take in a sharp breath once or twice and his eyes water when he goes back over a particularly nasty area, but it’s nothing that Dean can’t handle. “Alright, you’re lucky. We’ll put Ben-gay on it and that’s it for now. I can’t do much about the possible concussion. Ideally, someone should wake you up every few hours to check up on you. Apart from that, rest, see whether the head gets better. If not, or if there’s additional pain in the morning, or wooziness, or if you black out or start throwing up, you need to get checked out in an actual hospital.”
“Okay,” Bucky nods, but instead of going back out he lets the bedroom door click shut behind him and sits at the foot-end of the bed where Steve’s leaning against the headrest. He doesn’t crowd in on Steve, but he also doesn’t look like he has any intention of leaving him alone any time soon.
Finally, Charlie turns back to Cas. “I can’t give you your job back in Cali. I’m sorry. The Guardian database actually stores pictures and everything. With just a little bit of bad luck they’d cross-reference you back to yourself.”
He is, but of course the choir is only the beginning. The longer evening, the more people come in, the rush happening as predicted. The orders shift from food to alcohol, which Dean is glad about, because he gave Charlie the evening off and he’d definitely not manage to cook and wait on everyone at the same time.
“Not that unique. Wait until this afternoon.” Dean turns towards the back where the girls are just climbing in. “Heya Kaia, how are you? Ready for a Winchester family trip?”
“And what an awesome team we’d make. The mechanic who wants nothing to do with his soulmate and bleeding-heart human rights lawyer on a tour to win the hearts of America. We’d get about three votes. And they’d be pity votes from our family.”
They get into a fight, almost at least. About who is going to drive. Because Dean will not make it a habit to let other people chauffeur him. Nevermind that Cas’ argument that the Impala is way too conspicuous is sound. Nevermind that without having eaten much all day Dean’s hands are kind of shaking and that it was a good idea last time Cas insisted on driving, too.
Gabe shrugs. “You gotta ask the gal that’s actually performing them. All I know is that the result is exactly what you want: A broken bond.”
“Careful, sweetie.” The woman stops him with a hand on his arm when he goes closer to one of the shelves to look at the statue of - a Mayan God? that occupies its center. “You wouldn’t want to accidentally break any of my precious artifacts.”
Bucky - and didn’t he say his name was James? Dean is not letting go of the opinion that there’s something fishy about these two - looks up at his partner and nods. “Of course, Steve.”
There goes all will to write anything more. If he can’t break this bond, he has a feeling his will to live won’t be far behind. He throws his phone on the table and stares at the wall. Why her? It makes no sense to him why the universe would do this to him.
By now, Steve’s probably been staring at Bucky for too long, so he rips his eyes away and looks right into the biggest shit-eating grin he’s ever seen. “I knew it!” Charlie whoops. “I need a picture of this to send to my high school history teacher. Stuck-up fossil gave my an F for my essay on Captain America being the bisexual hero that America needs.”
With dread, he checks his notifications. Sam and Jess. That’s all there is. No Amara, which should relieve him, but nothing from Cas, either, which immediately makes him worry, even though Cas only said that Dean should text if he needed him, not that he would text him.
He stares at the phone for a long minute that feels like an eternity. Then he takes a deep breath and puts it back in the bag without turning it on.
"I learned about Claire and started driving down here on the weekends." Cas says it almost shyly and he sends Dean a smile with it and crap, Dean can feel his face heating up in return.
“Hi!” The redhead in a Legend of Zelda sweatshirt greets him with a friendly wave. “I’m Charlie. You must be Dean.”
. He smiles at the word and turns to Bucky. They look at each other for a second, then Steve shrugs and tugs the gun into the waistband of his pants. They step into the front hall together.
“I can tell my son to set up some secure communications. Give him the money and the information that he needs and your documents will be ready.”
He misses that. Well, he misses all of Dean. But it was those moments, when he knew it with all of his heart that this was it. That Dean was the one. When he didn’t fight against the knowledge, either.
“SHIELD?” Cas asks from where he’s standing behind everyone else, watching the emotional scene, apparently unsure where he fits in in all of this.
“But I had grown up in this belief! My daughter was growing up in it. Cared for and loved by a whole congregation. Involved in all of their activities. Her best friend was the priest’s daughter. That’s what her mother had to offer her. The only thing I had to give her was a crisis and an uncertain future,” Cas desperately tries to explain.
“Cas.” Because it is Cas who he has to explain this to. He owes him that. And it’s the only way Cas will accept this.
But then, that’s Dean’s side only. Maybe for Cas, being soulmates with Dean would have been like being soulmates with Amara feels for Dean. The thought makes Dean sick. Never. He would never do this to Cas. If they had been soulmates and Cas didn’t want him, Dean wouldn’t have done what Amara did. He wouldn’t have forced himself on Cas. He would have let him go.
And this, he knows this, right? He’s done this before. He’s made sure that he was in between Dad and Sammy. He knows how it feels like to be the one who’s getting hit. He also knows how it feels like to be the one protecting someone else.
He picks through his duffel until he finds his sweatpants since he didn’t actually bring any pyjamas. He throws the pants on the bed and sits down himself.
Which… “Hug?” Dean asks, still a little insecure that he’s getting all of this right but opening his arms up in invitation anyway.
“No worries,” Natasha smiles. “Better make sure all the food is packed away and that there are no shoes out for the dog to chew on.”
And okay, that is good. That is more than Dean expected. Though it still doesn’t really answer the question. “What are you going to introduce me as then?”
And that, that is so much more than he deserves. The knowledge burns hot behind his eyes, so he squeezes them shut. It doesn’t stop the tears from falling but at least he can pretend he doesn’t notice.
Cas frowns at him though his eyes stay too soft for him to be seriously upset. “The Lincoln was a good car, Dean.”
Dean grumbles some more but he’d just been thinking about how he hopes Cas has someone to talk to, so really Dean should take his own advice and not lock his best friend out.
“I did,” Cas says earnestly. “For years. Your mother and I married each other with the expectation of spending our whole lives together. We loved each other. And you.”
Fortunately, the egg yolk didn’t break, so Dean carefully fishes it out with a spoon and brings it to the other bowl.
Cas smiles and Dean kind of wishes he would stop at the same time that he wishes Cas will never stop looking at him with a smile. But Dean’s not used to people being this kind, this caring. Not where Dean is concerned. His own soulmate being a point in case. So Dean doesn't know how much longer his heart can handle this.
“Cas! Cas!” Dean grabs his hands and makes another attempt to get through to him. “You haven’t lost me! I’m right here, okay? You haven’t ever lost me!”
Cas flushes even deeper and then there’s a miniscule nod. “Sometimes,” Cas admits. “And I don’t - but sometimes.”
There are a few haphazardly packed presents on the table but Claire herself is nowhere to be seen. Dean puts his presents next to Claire's. His wrapping skills are definitely no better.
Claire looks down at the grumpy cat in a Christmas hat that's grumping across her chest. “It’s Christmas. It’s ugly sweater day,” she says as if that is the most self-evident thing in the world.
Irritated is good. Irritated means that Dean’s attitude isn’t too far of from how he normally is. “Gotta say, the one advantage of this whole deal is, it’s making me try out new places,” Dean says and hides behind his menu.
“Yeah,” Sam admits. “I hear you. But hey, you know what? I’ve got good news, too.” Sam’s face changes from a worried frown to a shy smile. It makes him look so much younger. “You wanna hear them?”
“Dean, you know that I…,” he breaks off, not entirely sure about his own sentence, especially since Dean keeps looking at him. Cas darts a quick look around but no one else is really close to them. At least that. “That I chose you,” he finishes softly. “There is no need for – all of this.”
“I - okay.” Cas lets go then, though he does it reluctantly, to get up and go to the small stack of DVDs to find a movie.
But Dean doesn’t let him finish. Can’t. His body moves before he consciously catches up with it. Cas’ last word comes out with a small surprised
“She searched you out?” Dean sits back down on the bed because suddenly his legs don’t want to carry him anymore.
He beelines to the kitchen to get himself a glass of whiskey. One, no more, he promises himself. He takes his phone out of his pocket and swipes to the recent photos. There are half a dozen pictures of Cas, with his mouth stuffed full of burger but obviously trying to smile for the camera, then coughing when something had gone down the wrong pipe, and finally laughing about the mishap. His laugh is quieter than Dean’s, more conscious of his surroundings, but Dean finds it infectious anyway.
As if there was ever any danger of that. Cas chuckles at the thought and relaxes against Dean’s chest, curling up into Dean’s warmth, “Sometimes you are very silly, Alpha.”
If Cas thought that Sam taking Kaz means he’s going to get out of further riding lessons for the time being, the next morning shows that he’s mistaken.
He smiles. That one is easy compared to everything else that wants to crush him right now. Talking about Dean is something he can do, something that makes it easier, if only for a moment. “He’s a good man. He tries hard to be the best he can be.“
“Stop with the frown, Steve. I’da have asked you but I didn’t want to put it on your conscience. I know that you follow the rules.”
As soon as they’re out of town, Dean tells him to turn into a dust road between corn fields. They stop a few hundred yards in. Just in time for Dean to rip open the car door and stumble out to empty his stomach into the grass next to the road.
Their talk by the horses comes back to Cas, where Dean had used almost the same words. Back then, Cas hadn’t understood. Now that he does, he isn’t sure whether that makes anything better. It definitely doesn’t make anything easier.
The saleswoman somehow manages to keep her smile even though ‘strained’ is now an understatement. “Maybe you at least remember what kind of bed you have? Futon? Boxspring? Single, twin, queen, king sized?” she asks and Dean can see how she is about to give up unless he says something that makes sense.
“So, complete coincidence that you crashed your plane into the ocean a mere couple of months after I took a tumble down a mountain?”
And then, finally, everyone is gone and Dean and Cas are alone again. Dean sags at the front door after it’s closed for hopefully the last time today.
But the head tilt doesn’t let up. “I don’t think it’s wise to go over there without pretense,” Cas says carefully.
He rubs a hand over his face. But it does nothing to wipe away how drained he feels. How much it hurts. The therapists have told him that it’s good to talk about the old stories. That he should do it as often as possible. That no one knows what might trigger a memory.
She dissolves into peals of laughter. “No worries, sweetheart, I’ve already had breakfast, I’m not going to eat you up.” She winks at him. “So, what do you think of my two good boys? Steve and Bucky, I mean,” she clarifies. “And don’t just say:
“Only a little,” Cas says, and he’s staring right at Dean who can’t help but stare right back. That is a tiny smirk in Cas’ eyes, isn’t it?
“So you’re a grunt?” And yeah, maybe Dean is ignoring that it’s weird that Bucky doesn’t seem to know about that regulation in order to be able to be rude to him on purpose.
“And his best friend who died in 1944 apparently.” Sam lets himself fall back on the couch, an incredulous laugh on his lips as well. “Holy moly. I did not expect that.”
Dean looks at his hands, too, but there’s nothing there. He was just going to get coffee after all. “What is it?” he asks, puzzled, and takes a few steps closer to the table.
“He’s gonna be so impressed with your knowledge, he’s going to voluntarily follow us to HQ in no time.”
Now that Bucky says it, “You do. It’s like it’s muscle memory or something.” Which means Bucky’s muscle memory is not all Winter Soldier like he’d thought. There’s still parts that are simply Bucky. It makes Steve happy.
“Stand down, counselor,” Dean calms him. “No need to take action yet. So far, all he wants is to talk to Claire.”
?” Dean tsks. “Dude, I’m offended.” He lays a dramatic hand over his heart, trying his level best to keep the topic light and not think about the way his heart is beating hard.
Steve wants to draw away, untangle himself from Bucky’s touch, but Bucky places one hand on his knee and grabs the arm that Steve has wrapped around him with the other, effectively holding him in place.
There’s a calculating gleam in Cas’ eyes when he looks over to Dean, and Dean twitches uncomfortably, trying to free his hand from Cas’, because being possessive was never part of the deal. But Cas still has angel strength left in him and he doesn’t let go, so Dean might as well be caught in a vise.
Steve’s staring. Has been for the better part of the past two hours he guesses. Bucky is following everything Natasha’s doing on her notebook intently, and he gets this very steep line between his eyes when he frowns. It smoothes out again when he finally gets it. Until the next question pops up, anyway.
It’s impossible to miss the way Dean blanches when she mentions Sam, he’s sure of that. But Amara merely holds his gaze, her teeth a pearly white where they shine between her lips.
Mental faculties mostly restored also means that Dean can feel how he blushes to the roots of his hair. “You
“I watched humanity for centuries,” Cas huffs. “ And you haven’t even said more than two sentences to them yet. You have no grounds to base your opinion on.”
That hand-span was all the fight Dean had had left in him then. It was to say ‘leave me alone and find someone better’. It was to say ‘I’m not worth your eternity’. Cause yeah, he hadn’t forgotten that Cas had said that.
Cas’ stomach does an unpleasant swoop when he notices that, yes, that is actually what he was doing. And no matter what, that is not okay.
He tries to locate his limbs, one at a time. Left arm, yep. Right arm, ouch. He flexes his fingers a few times. Not a good idea. He looks at his knuckles without comprehension. They are bloody and torn.
“No, he’s an assassin and I got the scar to prove it. But he’s also hopelessly in love with you, and completely screwed in the head cause of what Hydra did to him. You take advantage of him, your whole supersoldier gig will mean jack.”
Cas rubs his forehead. He’s got to give it to Balthazar. He has successfully managed to divert him from his impending panic attack. Consequently, Cas decides, “Coffee. We’re going to end up discussing sex lives anyway. So let’s not do that at a cemetery.”
It’s a tone Dean knows. It’s the tone he uses when he asks a suspect about some monster. He frowns. “The kind that happen
Hannah looks at him a little weird, and yeah, he guesses the question sounds strange. He knows that his blush is deepening.
“Are you asking whether I’m single, or are you doubting that I can keep my hands to myself?” Cas asks.
He startles a laugh from Cas’ lips which is better than expected. In fact, Dean feels better than he would have expected, too.
“Please, Cas, I don’t understand. Please explain it to me,” Dean pleads because this has gone from heartbreaking to utterly confusing. “What are you talking about?”
No statement as to whether he’d been okay with it. Or how he feels about it right now. “No way to know. I kind of took a crash landing in the ice before it became relevant.”
Who is a control freak, yes, and likes to be dominant, yes, and has no issues inflicting wanted pain. But looking at the letter, every hesitant line, every word that was visibly shaky screams at Dean that Cas is scared.
“Uhh, do you need another moment for your lovers’ quarrel or whatever this is? Or do you want me to actually look at that cut?” And somehow they haven’t even heard Chuck come back in.
“Yeah, I’m good,” Dean nods, the words slightly rushed. He clears his throat and tears his eyes away from his rescuer before the staring becomes too obvious. “Wondering where we are.”
“You’ve had enough,” Dean repeats tonelessly. “So, you’re drunk calling to break up with me?” Even for him the sarcasm hits way too close to home. Too close to what he actually is afraid of.
She sulks but she puts down the wine bottles that she was obviously going to steal. “You’re not my dad,” she grumbles.
I’ve stared at this version of the letter for half an hour now, trying to find the words to tell you what you need to know. And I can’t. I wish I had a picture. A picture might tell you more than my words can. But I have none of the old photos in this city. I know people who do, but I fear that if I get up and leave the house to ask them to lend them to me, my courage to write you will be gone. So I’ll make you a deal. If you want to, if you still feel like I am worthy of your time, or if you want closure for a relationship gone wrong - you know which neighbor has my spare key. I’ll write them a message so that they expect that you may come by to get it from them.
“It’s possibly not the best topic to be talking about out on the street anyway?” Sam bitches and, oh yeah, Sam’s still pissed. Dean almost forgot.
“I told you I can do this. I mean it’s not a skill that’s on my resume,” Charlie shrugs. “But then, none of the things on my resume have much actual merit. Dean, I have done this before. I can do it for you, too.”
“And here I always thought spies should be inconspicuous. What’s with all the red hair?” Bucky grumbles and yawns, the tension of the abrupt wake-up already leaving him in light of Natasha’s relaxed stance.
“Jess,” Dean interrupts, his stomach dropping out from under him. “Please tell me you didn’t give her your phone number or home address.”
It is not a question. Cas wonders how she does that. How she knows the true meaning behind words without hesitation. He nods, stares into his teacup instead of looking at her when he answers.
Time has no meaning. Has it been seconds? Minutes? Hours? Dean can’t bring himself to care. This right here and now is what he wants. It feels like a dream, like something he’s made up because he wants it so much, so just in case he wakes up the minute he lets go of Cas he’s not going to. His mind is awesome with the HD and dolby surround, so if this is all he ever gets, he’s going to enjoy it to the limit. He sucks Cas’ lower lip into his mouth, reveling in the way it makes the angel shudder.
“No.” Cas doesn’t draw away from Dean’s touch but his whole face closes up. “No, Dean, that’s not how this is going to go. We have been over this. I’m
“I can’t just want to see you?” Dean bristles, though mostly because he actually doesn’t have a good stock answer.
With this chapter, the story is officially on hiatus due to creative differences and life. It will be back. Probably.
“That we’ll move together at my place of course, dummy,” she laughs sweetly. “The penthouse is a modern and open space. I’m sure you’ll like it. In fact, if you want we can go there right now. We can always get the stuff you really need from your old place later.”
Thank you for sticking with us and the boys until the end (though the end of the line is many happy years away)!
A tiny spark of jealousy immediately flares at Steve looking for all the world like he’s actually looking forward to seeing Cas again, but fortunately he also still has his arm tightly slung around Bucky’s waist and Dean can smuggle his hand back into Cas’, so Dean will grant him this one.
“I should have worn better clothes,” Cas frowns down at himself once the beer issue is settled. “I chose them because you said loose waistline but I feel underdressed now. Should I go change?”
And in that way, maybe Cas is right. Maybe there are silver linings. Maybe the things Dean went through as a child are what made his mind screech at him the moment Amara stepped into his life. Maybe every punch, every beating that is stored in the muscle memory of his body is what made him react this way. What kept him from following the blind pull of the bond. What made him dig in his heels. What kept him safe.
And yeah, Cas has the luxury to do that. Cas can wait Dean’s temper tantrum out, because Cas probably has a dozen clients a week throwing tantrums and he waits all of them out, because he’s always the voice of reason.
“You loved him. And I wasn’t there for you. Just like I wasn’t there for you when your mother died. I should have been. I’m sorry.”
“You were so strong,” Hannah’s eyes stare into space, like she’s looking back through the years. “Always. I admired you a lot for it.”
Dean takes his mug from him with a nod of thanks but he looks at him in challenge. “But am I? Being dramatic? That’s what Rowena told us, right? That I need to die?”
Steve breaks out laughing and there’s a smirk tugging at the corners of Bucky’s mouth, obvious pride that his joke made Steve laugh shining on his face.
“What was that?” Amara comes a threatening step closer, somehow managing to tower even though she’s shorter than Dean.
“Nice try, Sam, but honestly, when did you get yourself a dog? And why the hell did you think that was a good idea?” And why didn’t you ask me? Why did you go ahead and go behind my back like you’re still 10 and I’m the big brother who has to be the bad guy and take the toy away again before Dad finds it?
Dean sends another look at Cas to confirm that Cas is indeed coming, and when he nods, says, “Yup. Two cars it is. I propose that you get the overnight bags and the presents and fetch your girlfriend, we pack the food and drinks and go retrieve Kaia.”
not okay,” Cas replies and throws Dean with that. “Please stay with me tonight?” Cas asks, his voice soft again.
Cas feels his face flush with embarrassment. But then, he could have guessed that part. Missouri always knew what her ex-wards were up to.  She kept in touch with every single one of them. Even if, like in the case of Cas until this month, it was no more than one or two cards a year, at Christmas or for birthdays.
“I don’t think I have to tell you this but have patience with the tough guy,” she tells Cas. “Grieving takes time. But in the end, he’s gonna choose you like he’s done before. I know it with all of my heart.”
But his heart rate doesn’t want to follow his words. And fuck, there’s blood running down his face and his heart rate going higher doesn’t help.
“No, Buck, no it’s not,” Steve says and his hand is on Bucky’s shoulder to make him look back up before he thinks about it. Before he remembers that Bucky gets triggered by unexpected or hard touches. “Fuck, sorry.” He lets go.
That indeed makes no sense at all. Why would Steve’s phone number be connected to telemarketing? And why is it even connected to anything else at all? Joe Normal’s phone number doesn’t do that. But then, Dean’s got good gut instincts, and his gut instinct told him from the beginning that Steve and James - Bucky - aren’t what they pretend to be. “So you’re saying she knew nothing?”
Cas considers that for a moment before he shrugs. “It’ll be the movers who have to pack stuff. Gabe is going to put everything in storage. He and Charlie are working on getting it in a container and down to Cali without leaving a trace.”
His rational mind finally, five minutes too late, wins the upper hand again and Dean manages to take a slightly panicked step back. “Oh fuck, Cas, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t… I wasn’t…” But he’s not even really sure what he shouldn’t or wasn’t.
“Your heart doesn’t have a say in the matter, huh?” Dean mutters. “You keep telling yourself that buddy.”
It makes Dean’s insides tingle in a way that he’s tried not to acknowledge whenever it happened over the two months of their acquaintance. Because Castiel was a patron. A hella attractive one who immediately struck all of Dean’s visual preferences. And one who was lonely, probably, seeing how he spent his weekend nights at the bar. Which, there was a time in his life when he would have seen that and used it. Claire isn’t wrong on that count, a lot of straight guys can be persuaded into experimenting, as long as everyone keeps their mouths shut after. And one time deals were just about as much as Dean could stand having going for the longest time. Scratch the  itch but keep the danger to calculated levels. And have his anger at the ready in case he miscalculated.
“Well, she is the one who sent me into that darkest valley,” he bites. “So it’s not necessarily a surprise that I’m not her fan.”
“Cas,” Dean’s face has gone worried. “That’s not true. You know it’s not true. You know He resur-” Dean breaks off. “Umm, what I mean is, I’m pretty sure God has a protecting hand over you. Or something.”
“It was the army, Nat,” Steve chides. “In the 40s. Believe me, whatever your personal feelings, you didn’t want to get caught with - something like this.”
Dean groans. This doesn’t help. It doesn’t help at all. Especially since Cas now squints at him, apparently having noticed that Dean is much less surprised and confused by this turn of events than he himself is.
It’s too much. Even if it isn’t as unconditional as it seems. Oh, Cas is aware that if he laid one finger on Sam, Dean would not hesitate to beat him into a bloody pulp. But not for himself. Never for himself.
Another thing that Dean hadn’t taken into account. He can’t imagine himself grieving about Amara. But then, he would never go close to her out of his own free will, either, and his body is giving him very limited choice in that. So he doesn’t doubt Charlie’s words and doesn’t even comment on the fact that he gets to keep his first name and Cas doesn’t.
“For the tenth time, everything’s fine, Sam,” Dean mocked, his tone was sharper than he’d intended but he didn’t have the energy to apologize at the moment. His thoughts were fixated on the blue eyed, newly human man in the back seat. The one who had his eyes now trained on him as if he was ready to devour him. Dean swallowed hard as sexual desire swirled inside him. Lust, need, and want attacked every ounce of his body and there was no controlling his thoughts anymore. He couldn’t tell where his thoughts ended and Cas’ began. They were blending together inside him. Thoughts of two separate people were melting together as one inside his mind. They were taking on a mind of their own and suddenly it was just him and Cas, their arms reaching out and pulling each other in. Their bodies pressing together with the barest of space separating them. Their hands kneading and raking along bare skin as their lips met and their bodies hummed with relief as if they were finally complete.
“You’re right. We don’t know how long it will take to find our way home,” Cas said as he slowly unwrapped his body from Dean’s.
“Our what?” Dean asked incredulously as he yanked the note from Cas’s hand. He read it and said, “I’m not getting on that thing. And what, we’re supposed to ride double on a damn unicorn?”
They looked up to see a young woman walk out of the home. Her long, dark hair was pulled back in a loose ponytail and she pulled the leather jacket she wore tighter around her body, looking like she was cold. She waved at them, and as Dean pulled Baby into the driveway, they both stiffened as a bolt of energy zapped through them.
He leaned in and examined Cas’ face for any signs of an allergic reaction, and seeing nothing, said, “Anyway, you’ve been stabbed, shot, exploded, and tortured, and you’re freaking out over a bee sting?” Dean said, laughing again.
“Okay, we’ll be there tonight at eight,” Dean said and hung up the phone. He leaned back in his chair, took a long swig of his beer, and then silently prayed for Cas.
Dean gave the guy money and they climbed inside the buggy. The click clack of horse’s hooves echoed in the air and Cas looked out his side as they rode deeper into the city. Dean tried to focus on the scenery, since that’s what the buggy ride was for, but Cas’ leg was pressed against his own and every so often the hand that Cas had rested on his thigh would brush his leg. It was distracting, and then Cas leaned over him, pointing at the ice skating rink to Dean’s left.
Dean laughed, shaking his head as he said, “An enormous beast just fell on top of you, almost killing you, and you’re asking if I’m okay?”
“Okay,” the witch said as she started pulling supplies from the black bag that hung from her shoulder. She hummed as she sat a stainless steel bowl on the table, along with three glass vials full of red liquids, a bundle of herbs, a larger vial full of black ashes, and a mixing spoon.
As an uneasy feeling hit him, Dean called, “Cas, wait up,” as he hurried to catch up, salt gun in hand.
“What?” Dean asked. It was one thing to find Cas snuggled up to him in the middle of the night to keep him warm, but for Dean to voluntarily snuggle into him was a little different. But he was freezing and he found that he wanted to be close to him.
“So have you talked to him to make sure you’re both on the same page on...whatever happened?” he asked.
The bed squeaked as Cas took a seat on the edge of the bed next to Dean, and as his arm gently brushed up against Dean’s, he felt a flood of lust hit him. Dean began to squirm next to him, visibly uncomfortable, and Cas cleared his throat as a wave of images fluttered in his mind. Now Cas began to squirm at the pictures, not sure how to block them.
“Sorry, Dean,” Cas said, and as he leaned down and gave him a light kiss, they heard a loud squeal behind them. They both turned their heads and saw the girl, Heather, bouncing up and down in excitement.
With the bright purple walls, posters of boy bands, and clothes strung everywhere; it was obvious that this was her room. Dean and Cas walked around the room, both inspecting every inch of the space.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I know. Let’s just say that I was pleasantly surprised. And you should be pleasantly surprised that I didn’t want to come home and kill you.”
With a death grip on Dean’s hands, Cas said, “I didn’t realize this was going to be so complicated.”
“Are you up for the case tonight? I mean, it’ll be your first case being newly human and all, so it’s understandable if you need a little more time to get your barrings,” Dean said as he studied him.
He took a few cautious steps out onto the ice, and when he was able to move around with confidence that he wasn’t going to fall, he made his way over to Cas. “Okay, now it’s your turn,” he said as he held out his hand to him. Cas took his hands and baby stepped towards him as he kept his eyes glued to the ground. Dean wanted to laugh at how careful Cas was being, but didn’t want to hurt his feelings, so he bit his lip and waited on Cas to finally step out onto the ice on his own time.
They changed out of their skates and back into their shoes and headed down the sidewalk to the stand.
He fell back onto Cas’s trench coat in a heap of uneasiness, resting his head on his hands as he looked up at Cas. “We should probably get some rest, it’s hard telling what time the sun will rise in a place like this.”
“Oh, well, maybe I can find a date to go. Isn’t that what humans do?” he asked, blue eyes peering up at him innocently.
The corner of Dean’s mouth quirked up at the amount of emotion Cas was showing. He had been showing more and more emotion throughout the years, but never anything like this. He reached out and cupped his face and said, “I’m all in, too.”
“Yes, Dean, I know and I feel the same way,” he said calmly and squinted as the sun seemed to shine down on them even brighter. He was glad that Dean had finally told him that he loved him, it was something that made him feel complete, but he still had doubt that Dean meant it the way he did. The fact that Dean had said he loved him more than just a brother wasn’t lost on him, but he wasn’t sure that Dean knew how deeply he truly loved him. He turned his gaze back to Dean and asked, “Is that…okay?”
Dean looked up at the greenery that hung above their heads like a sign, and then at Cas who had his eyebrows raised at him expectantly. He swallowed, shrugged his shoulders, and said, “Yes, it is.”  And without thinking about what he was doing, he took two steps towards Cas, put his hands on his cheeks, and pulled him into a kiss. To Dean’s surprise, Cas didn’t balk or stand frozen in fear. Instead, he melted into the kiss, sliding his tongue into his and deepening the kiss between them. His hand wrapped around Dean’s neck, pulling him closer until their bodies were pressing against each other. Dean could feel the rise and fall of Cas’ chest as his breathing quickened. He could feel the warmth of his body taking away the chill of the cold, winter night. But most of all, he felt all of his insecurities dissolve in that kiss. Because in that moment, he realized Cas had wanted this just as much as he had.
Cas looked out the passenger side, his thoughts drifting to who he could ask to go with him to this Christmas Extravaganza, because it was something he knew he didn’t want to miss.
Cas’ feet scraped back and forth against the ice as he stared at Dean. His brow furrowed just slightly as he said, “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean could feel his shoulder vibrate where Cas had long ago, ‘gripped him tight and raised him from perdition’. But as soon as Cas’ hand melted into the scar that was shaped as his hand print, he felt his heart steady. He felt more grounded than he had ever felt in his life.
Sam shuffled into the kitchen and eyed Cas’ plate of food on the table. He looked up at Dean, a smirk forming on his face, and asked, “Did you make my breakfast, too?”
Cas frowned as he looked around. “My powers only seem to work when I need to heal us. For whatever reason we’re here, they want us to stay alive.”
Confused, Cas followed Dean’s gaze, and noticing the blood, said, “Oh, yeah, that’s not mine. What did you need?”
“Yeah, so get this,” Sam began as he sat down and started rifling through papers as he told them how he had gotten dragged into this job.
The lights suddenly flicked on and they both froze mid swing and looked up. They wore the same shocked expression as they sat on their knees facing each other, pillows dangling from their hands, and feathers falling onto the bed and into their hair. Dean swatted a feather away from his face and watched it fall on top of his leg.
Light barely peeked through the horizon, and as Dean began to wake, he felt something holding him down. His eyes shot open in panic and he looked down to see an arm curled around his chest. He felt the warmth of the body pressed against his back and saw two legs intertwined with his own. He cast a look over his shoulder and saw two blue eyes.
“Yes, we’re with the FBI, ma’am, and we just need to ask you a few questions about a Natasha Brown who had recently visited your shop just yesterday.” Sam held up a picture of the young woman and asked, “Does she look familiar to you?”
Warm breath tickled his lips as Cas leaned in and said, “Dean, I can’t stop it. I’m sorry. I’m not strong enough. Maybe if I were still an Angel I could, but I’m not. I’m only human now.”
Cas jerked back at the sound of Sam’s voice, and they both stood there staring at each other, the almost kiss evident on their faces.
“Dean!” Sam yelled for the third time and grabbed his shoulder, pulling him to a stop. “Dude, what’s going on?” he asked.
Dean turned towards Cas and said, “Wait, so you’re saying that girl cast a spell on us? But why would she want to send us to this place, wherever this is?” He waved his arms out in front of him gesturing towards the woods and land that seemed endless.
“They’re at work, but don’t worry, they knew you were coming. They said they’ll be home in just a few minutes,” the girl said as she pushed open a door that led to a bedroom.
“This door?” Cas asked as he took a step towards it. He always tried going into the dangerous situations first, but Dean didn’t always let him.
He realized he was unconsciously rubbing his thumbs across the back of Cas’ hands. He cleared his throat and gave them a quick squeeze and said, “Okay, let’s see if we can’t go a little faster because there are two year olds passing us.”
He saw Dean’s fist slam into the side of the monster’s face and then there was a blur of dark fur and plaid as the monster tackled Dean to the ground. Cas ran towards them and leapt onto the monsters back, beating his fist into the back of its head. It began thrashing, twirling around in circles as an angry growl bellowed from its throat, and Cas clutched onto the beasts fur to keep from flying off. With all his strength he let go with his right hand to withdraw his blade. He quickly drew his blade back and rammed it into its neck. Blood spurted from the wound like a geyser, and as it stumbled backwards in surprise, Cas pulled his blade out and thrust it back in again. It howled and shook its head to try and dislodge the blade. As Cas went to jump off, the monster fell to its side, and suddenly he felt all the air in his lungs vanish as the monster collapsed on top of him. He tried to use his Angel powers to zap out from underneath it, but to no avail. They only thing he could do was heal. He heard Dean’s panicked cries, but they were muffled from beneath the monsters weight. If he wasn’t an Angel, he didn’t think he’d survive this. As darkness began to cloud his vision, his thoughts went to Dean and how thankful that he was here and not him, because there was no way Dean would’ve survived this fall.
Cas helped Dean sit up and pulled him into a hug. He held him tight as tears continued to quietly fall. With his body shaking, he said, “Because I thought I’d lost you just as we had truly found each other.” He pulled back and looked into Dean’s eyes for a second and then pressed his lips desperately against his. Cas broke the kiss and said, “Dean, you don’t have to worry about me disappearing again. I’m never leaving your side no matter what happens.” He gave a slight nod and added, “I want to be with you. I’m all in.”
“I can see the aura of magic around you. I saw it when I opened the door. But, it’s getting worse, isn’t it?” she asked, her eyes dancing around him, seeing something that no one else could. Her eyes lit up as she said, “I can help you. Let me walk free and I’ll tell you how to rid yourself of the spell.”
He could only sit and watch as the town he’d just been drinking away his sorrows in disappeared and foreign scenery came into view. He had no idea where he was going, but he knew it wasn’t back to the bunker. Dammit, he just wanted a peaceful night out to drink his pain away, now as soon as this cab stopped, he was going to have to fight for his life. Again. When would they ever get a break? He was so sick of nothing ever working out for them. And now, he was stuck in this weird cab ride, not able to move or fight. And he wanted to fight right now. He had so much pent up anger from the past few weeks.
“I hear a lot of noises in the closet at night, but I can never make myself open the door,” she said with a laugh and nervously twirled a strand of hair around her finger.
Cas looked around at the mostly vacant square and everyone packing up their things. “Well, it looks like it’s over, so I’m ready now.”
Dean sat staring at the empty bottle of beer in front of him as the beat of the music thumped all around him causing his head to pound in rhythm to it. He motioned to the bartender for another and glanced around the half empty dive bar he’d found himself in after driving for an hour. He wasn’t sure what town he was in and frankly didn’t care. It didn’t matter. They didn’t have any cases going on at the moment and Cas was gone. Had been gone for weeks now and showed no sign of coming home anytime soon. Home. Dammit the bunker was his home, not some shitty ass hotel he was more than likely staying in right now. So what was there to do right now other than drink? He shook his head and chugged the rest of his beer, his thoughts a tangled web of emotions as he thought about that night with Cas. The feel of his lips against his, the touch of his hands as they held him close. Dean shook his head as the memories pulled him even farther into the night that had pulled them close to each other, only to then rip them apart. But, that was always the case with them it seemed. He gripped the bottle of beer tighter as he let the memory consume him.
Cas pulled back, breaking their kiss. “Dean,” he began and pulled his bottom lip into his mouth as he thought about his words.
Cas turned and began making breakfast. As he cracked the eggs, he began to hum the tune to Led Zepplin’s, Whole Lotta Love. Dean smiled, recognizing it was one of the song’s from the mixtape he’d given him, and realizing they both had a Whole Lotta Love for each other.
Feeling Dean’s eyes on him, Cas looked up, and said, “What? I’m dirty,” and then dropped his pants and walked into the river.
He thought about it for a minute, studying the witch for any inclination of dishonesty. He risked a quick glance behind him at Cas whose face was twisted in agony. He looked back at the witch and said. “I’ll loosen my hold just a little. But if I feel that you’re lying in the least bit, I won’t hesitate to slice through your neck. Got it?”
“I don’t sleep, Dean,” Cas said, looking down at him. “But you get some rest and I’ll watch over you.”
The waitress came up and took their orders, and after Sam and Dean ordered, the waitress smiled at Cas and said, “And what would you like, handsome?”
Dean hadn’t taken his eyes off Cas yet, so he had no idea what the tree actually looked like, but that’s not what he was referring to when he replied, “Yes, it is.”
Dean came up beside him, his eyes falling to Cas’s bare chest as he began to casually undress. After all these years, he had yet to see Cas completely naked. The only other time was when he had shown up on his car naked, and covered in bees, but the bees had hid most of everything. Now, there was nothing covering his body and Dean found himself blatantly admiring his lean, muscular build. He looked good and Dean wished he hadn’t been hiding that body under all those clothes for so long.
Dean pulled in a long breath, trying to stay calm. He eyed the navy blue shirt Cas was wearing and took in how it hugged every muscle on his torso and brought out his baby blue eyes perfectly. He gritted his teeth and said, “This is the tenth shirt you’ve asked me about. You look great in everything, Cas.”
Cas took a step inside Dean’s room and headed to the record player. His back was to Dean as he ran his hand along the edge and then moved his fingers around the vintage player. Suddenly Led Zepplin’s song, Thank You, played softly in the room. When he turned around and saw Dean smiling, he said, “Yes, it’s completely alright for me to stay in here. As long as you’re okay with me playing Led Zepplin at night?”
Dean reached out to grab his elbows and steady him, but in desperation, Cas’ hands clutched into his as he held on for dear life, a look of panic on his face. “I got you, just hold on a second,” he laughed.
“Cas, that’s not something Sam or I do,” Dean said. He gave Cas a quick glance just in time to see disappointment replace the excitement he’d had just seconds before.
Cas’ face was just mere inches from his and Dean had to tear his eyes away to look at the ice skating rink to his left. He couldn’t find his words as the scent of Cas’ cologne drifted towards him. He smelled woodsy with fruity undertones. It was nice.
It circled around and began to pick up speed, its wings flapping so fast they were nothing but a blur. It flew towards them, and just when it seemed it would be out of reach again, it dropped down towards them at the last minute. Their swords raised into the air in unison, both plunging deep into the birds body. It yelled out in pain and fell to the ground. They took a step back at the sight of the bird now on the ground with them and watched it struggle to get to its feet. Even though blood dripped from its body and coated the ground, it took off towards them, its beak open wide as it screamed. Cas charged towards it and Dean circled around behind it.
The lights from the tree gave a beautiful white glow behind Cas, reminding Dean of Cas’ true Angel form. Angel or human, he was perfect regardless. Without looking at the tree, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and said, “Yes, you are.”
“Shit!” Dean yelled as he stepped in front of Cas and lunged at the beast. He thought he heard Cas yelling behind him, but he felt this strong pull to defeat this beast himself. He thrust the sword at the monster, and dove to the right when he missed. The monster charged him again and he saw Cas coming up from behind. He shook his head at Cas, hoping he would understand that he
The young girl watched the witch pull out a piece of chalk and draw a large symbol on the hardwood floor. The witch then poured the three vials into the bowl, along with the bundle of herbs and ashes, and as smoke began to drift out from the bowl, she closed her eyes, tilted her head back, and began chanting. The young girl couldn’t understand what the witch was saying, she assumed it was in Latin, but after a few minutes, the witch opened her eyes, and yelled one final word. There was a loud bang and a large flame shot out of the bowl. The young girl cringed and her eyes shot to her door, hoping the witch’s spell hadn’t woken up her parents.
“Uh,” Sam began, squinting at Cas’ sweater vest and the blue plaid shirt underneath it. He nodded and shrugged. “Yeah, it looks great, Cas.”
Dean narrowed his eyes. “It’s the spell, dammit. Now that you know, why don’t you put yourself to use and find a cure.”
The witch paused in the doorway and said, “I watch the show and I think they have those feelings, too. I have faith that this will work.” She smiled, pulled her bag up higher on her shoulder, and then headed out the door.
“Are you cold? We could grab some hot chocolate to warm us up,” Dean suggested as he spotted a hot chocolate stand halfway down the sidewalk.
Dean paced the length of his bedroom, trying to fight the need to go to Cas. It was strong. Stronger than it had been yet. They had spilled the potion on them a little over twenty four hours ago, and it was unbearable. He rubbed his chest at the pulsating pain while sweat dripped down his forehead. Instead of just pain, he was now feeling sick. He could feel his body growing weaker with every passing second.
He looked over to see Cas digging into a large bag of cheese puffs, his fingers and lips tinted with orange dust. Ever since becoming human, Cas ate non stop. He didn’t know how the guy stayed so skinny when all he ate was junk food. He shook his head and smiled when Cas began licking the cheese off his fingers.
Cas tugged Dean’s hand, pulling him to a stop. “There’s a stream up ahead, I can hear it. We need to get cleaned up.”
“Okay, okay, I’m going,” Dean said with a grin. With no other choice, he grasped Cas’s waist again and swung his leg over to dismount. He patted Cas’s leg and said, “Your turn.”
Dean grabbed another beer from the fridge and walked over and handed it to Cas this time, wanting to avoid another accident.
Dean followed behind him and felt something clanging against his waist. He looked down and saw he now had a sword hanging from his belt. “Well, it looks like she wants us to be prepared to fight something,” Dean said as he pulled the sword free and examined it.
Dean jerked the wheel to the right, the tires kicking up clumps of snow and dirt as they veered into the grass. He quickly jerked it back, centering them back into the right hand lane.
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas asked as he bent down and studied him, his hand still gripping his shoulder.
“You’re probably regretting all those nights you turned me down when I said I’d watch over you, aren’t you?” Cas said, his voice was laced with sarcasm and he gave a little laugh.
Dean studied the tree, not sure if it would even fit on the hood of Baby. “It sure is big,” he said as he stared up at the tree.
Cas rubbed his hands together to warm them up and said, “Well, I couldn’t have done it without you.”
Cas cocked his head, his eyes focused on the direction where Dean had left. “No, but if you wouldn’t have interrupted, he would’ve been by the time this was all over.”
Dean put Baby in park and leaned towards Cas. He was looking at something on his arm and Dean reached out and pulled his arm towards him. “What the hell is the matter with you?” he asked, pushing cheese puffs out of the way.
Sweat trickled down their skin and their hands skimmed over each other’s body as they explored new territory they had wanted to feel for a long time. Cas ran his hands through Dean’s hair, tugging gently before leaning down and planting a soft kiss on his lips. Moans filled the silent bedroom and each thrust became more urgent as their climax grew near. Cas’ hand wrapped around the length of Dean, and with each stroke, he felt Dean’s grip on his hips tighten in a silent plea to not stop. Cas never wanted this to end, having Dean completely like this was what he wanted from the beginning, but he felt himself coming undone.
Cas gave him one last long look before planting a soft kiss on his lips and pushing himself up. He held out his hand to Dean, and as he pulled him upright in one swift motion, he took a step forward, closing the distance that separated them. With their hands still laced together, Cas tilted his head up, leaned forward, and crushed his lips against Dean’s. The kiss was hard and passionate at first, and as Cas found Dean’s tongue again, he caressed it slowly, savoring the moment as if he doubted he’d ever get this opportunity again. When the whinny came again, they jerked apart and turned their head towards the hills.
That statement sounded so simple right now, but it hit him hard because he had fallen a long time ago. For him. And Dean realized he had fallen, too. Only in a different way than Cas had. He had fallen in love. And it was all so clear right now.
“Dean, it looks like we’re standing under a mistletoe. Isn’t it a tradition of humans to kiss under it?” Cas asked as he studied the mistletoe hanging above their heads.
They both whirled around when they saw the girl step in front of the door. She said a word in Latin and a symbol appeared on the inside of the closet wall. It was red and appeared to burn around the edges.
Dean yelled and bolted towards them, not understanding why Cas had just stood there. He dove in between the monster and Cas, his instincts wanting to turn to Cas first to make sure he was okay, but he knew he had to kill the monster first. He just hoped Cas could heal himself here. He turned his back to Cas, his body shielding him from the monster that was now creeping closer to them, and readied his sword. As the monster lurched forward, he slung the sword violently towards it, but it veered to the left. He took a few steps towards it, determination showing in his confident stance, while his green eyes followed its every move. He watched its legs sidestep to the right, but his instinct told him to go the opposite direction. He bolted to the left just as the monster changed direction. He drew his sword back and slung it forward with all the strength he had, and as he felt the sword slide deeply into the monsters chest, he gave it a quick twist. The monster let out a wail that seemed to echo for miles and warm blood ran down the sword and onto Dean’s hand. He pulled the sword out and the monster staggered backwards a few steps before finally falling to its side.
Dean looked up and gave Cas a kiss, wanting a distraction from the fear that was riding shotgun in his mind at the moment. Cas’s lips felt good, and when he opened his mouth to let him in, Dean immediately found comfort when their tongues collided. Their kiss felt different this time. It was urgent, almost as if they both felt their time here was coming to an end. And both fearful of what was ahead. Cas thrust his hands into his hair, gently tugging the longer strands, and Dean gripped his hips and pulled him closer. He couldn’t have him close enough. Any space between them felt too far.
“We should start walking and see if we run into anything that might point us in the right direction,” Cas said as he began to lead the way.
Cas frowned, not understanding at first why Dean wouldn’t want to tell Sam because Sam was pretty good at finding ways to fix spells or curses. “But Sam’s pretty smart at finding ways to stop spells and curses,” Cas said.
Dean finally looked at the girl, Heather, remembering her pressing her hand against the symbol and telling them they would thank her later. “So, you put a curse on us?” Dean asked.
Dean blew out a puff of air and looked to the car where Cas sat in the backseat. He forced his attention back to Sam. “Cas spilled a potion or something and we got the crap all over our hands,” Dean mumbled.
“Care to elaborate on whose blood it is then?” Dean asked, throwing his hands up at Cas’s vagueness.
“We’ve known each other for a long time, and I feel like this is our last night here in this place. But I just want you to know that…” he paused and looked away for a second. When he brought his blue eyes back to Dean’s, he said in a low voice, “I love you, no matter what happens between us, I love you more than you’ll ever know.” His eyes dropped, and he looked defeated, almost like he was already giving up. He didn’t want to sound uncertain, because he had never been more certain about his feelings for Dean, but he could feel Dean’s fear and it was overwhelming him. No matter what he did to prove himself to Dean, he never did the right thing, and he was afraid he would fail at this too.
Another hour passed and the darkness had taken over. When they finally found a spot to settle in for the night, Cas signaled for Willow to come to a stop. Being in a different land with no electricity, there were no lights at all when the sun had finally set, so they had no choice but to halt finding a way out until the morning. They sat under a large oak tree as the horse wandered around nibbling on grass. Cas had taken off his trench coat and laid it out onto the grass so they had something to sit on instead of the ground.
Dean stepped even closer and took Cas’ face into his hands. “You were always more than that. You’re all that and more to me, I was just too stubborn to see it. I didn’t want to ruin our friendship.” Dean’s skin burned, a fire igniting inside him that only one person could put out. “I want you, cursed or not. I always have.”
They came to a stop and he felt himself being pushed backwards until his back hit a wall and Cas’ body was pressed against his. The weight and heat of Cas against him pulled him out of the dream state of the spell for just a brief second, but then he felt Cas’ hands grip his hips and pull him even closer, and when he felt the hard length of Cas rubbing against him, he was suddenly falling back into the fog of lust and desire.
Running a hand through his hair, Dean said, “Well, you’re lucky it all worked out. And how long were we gone?”
“I think something bit me,” Cas groaned, glaring down at the red welp that was forming on his wrist.
The young girl pulled out a wad of money from her back pocket and handed it to the witch. “Here, I’ve been saving all summer.”
Dean stilled, his back still to Cas as he heard that last thought. He slowly turned around and saw Cas waiting on him to tell him what the plan was.
“Sorry, Dean, but there’s a Christmas Extravaganza next weekend about a half hour from us. They’ll be turning on the lights downtown and serving hot chocolate. Oh, and they’ll even have an ice skating rink set up.”
Cas took a step back as black ash shot up into the sky and then flew all around, coating them in soot. Dean came up beside him and looked him over to make sure he was alright.
Dean studied his face, not sure how Cas had felt about him canceling his plans with Sarah. He suddenly felt kinda bad about it. “Look, Cas, I’m sorry I told Sarah not to show up. I’m sure you would’ve rather have gone with her instead.”
Grumbling, Dean tied the massive tree to the hood of Baby, cringing every time he heard the tree limbs scrap across the paint. The car had been through hell and back, so he figured tying a tree to the hood wasn’t nearly as bad as some of the other things the car has been through. After he tightened the last strap, he stood back and studied what looked like a driving hazard. The top of the tree hung over the front windshield and the back completely covered the back windshield.
Cas took a bite of hash browns that were covered in ketchup, doing his best to keep his eyes diverted from Dean’s because every time he looked at him, he felt everything ten times more. He took another bite as he thought about the spell he had spilled on them when suddenly Dean was leaning in towards him. His face just inches from his. Cas pulled in a sharp breath, his eyes finding Dean’s.
Just then, a large creature jumped out of the woods, landing on the ground a few feet in front of Cas. It wailed, and saliva dripped out of a mouth that was full of large fangs. Two red, beady eyes studied its prey with rapt fascination behind a mound of gray fur. It stood still and tilted its head, daring them to make a move. With his blade held high in his hand, Cas yelled and charged towards the monster. He faintly heard Dean yell in the distance, but if he could help it, he would do his best to keep Dean out of this one. The monster veered to the right, out of his reach, and began to head towards Dean. Cas whirled around, his blue eyes wide with panic when he saw where the monster was headed. He knew Dean could hold his own, but he always felt like his protector. He couldn’t imagine if something were to happen to him.
“I let him in,” Heather said. “I wanted him to be a part of this because it wouldn’t be complete without all three of you here. I just can’t wait to see it all canon on the show for season 13.”
The girl showed them out and Dean turned to Sam. “How did you get here? Because I’m pretty sure we went through a force field of some kind
Dean laughed again and said, “It’s fine, just hold onto me and I’ll lead you out there.” He wrapped one arm around Cas’ waist and slipped his other hand into Cas’.
Handing the piece of paper out to the young girl, the witch said, “Remember, don’t say the word aloud until it’s time.”
With weapons drawn, they followed the narrow trail to the hills, and when they got close, they heard hoof beats thundering across the ground, along with a loud screeching sound. They took off in a run and when they got to the clearing, they skidded to a stop when they saw a large vulture flying low. Every few seconds, it would dip down and attack Willow.
Cas looked at him with blue eyes full of tenderness and said, “Dean, you never needed an excuse to kiss me. I’ve been waiting this whole time for you to be ready.”
As the bird descended on Dean, he veered to the right to miss the large wing, and then spun around and slammed his sword into its side. It shook its head in pain and began to thrash around, trying to reach around to grab the sword that was now sticking out of its side.
Dean would rather stay here in this moment, this moment he had been secretly fantasizing about for years. “Dammit!” he grumbled, aggravated at the interruption. It had taken them forever to get to this point, only to be interrupted by a damn unicorn in distress.
“Dean!” Cas screamed as he cradled his face in his hands. He quickly covered the gaping wound on his neck with his hand, and sighed with relief when he felt his angelic powers begin to heal. White light blazed from his hand, and when the wound vanished, Dean opened his eyes and sucked in a large breath.
Dean didn’t hear anything Sam was saying, all he felt was the touch of Cas’ skin still vibrating on his thumb, and his heart aching.
“Up here is where most of the action happens,” the girl said as she motioned for them to follow her up the stairs. “Mainly in my bedroom.”
As Cas gently pushed himself in, they both moaned as they finally let themselves take what they’ve been needing for years. Dean clutched at Cas’ hips, urging him in deeper. Within seconds, they had found their rhythm, and each caress silently spoke the words they’ve been hiding from one another.
Dean shakes his head. He doesn’t remember. Never, he thinks. Not like this, anyway. “I take care of them usually.” It comes out so rough that he hardly recognizes his own voice.
“We hope,” Dean says drily. Then the second part of this plan comes back to him. It sends a wave of hot fear and cold dread through him. “And I’ll have to stay dead. I mean, for the world.” He can feel his eyes widen in realisation. “I gotta credibly be dead. I’m gonna have to make it look like I killed myself. People are gonna have to think I did it, too. There’s gonna have to be a funeral and everything.”
So Bucky’s done his homework. Steve nods, pleased even though it’s still a soldier thing, being prepared at all times, not a thing that is genuinely Bucky. But it’s better than just waiting for orders like he’s done in the beginning. “Inhuman, radiation, no one knows. All SHIELD’s figured out is that there’s something off about the guy. Hence, us.”
The woman fixes Gabriel with her gaze. “Ah yes, of course. Please. Do excuse the commotion,” she gestures at their surroundings. “The import-export-business runs 24 hours a day, ah’m afraid. Let’s do find someplace quieter to talk.”
Dean chuckles, but he even he can hear how forced it sounds. “And here I thought you meant pack the food away before my Sasquatch brother arrives. But I guess yeah, the dog is a danger to the food supply as well,” he answers and gets up, making everyone else get up, too.
Claire makes a face. "Bleh. But also, if all you wanted was to fuck him, you'd have done it already."
to be paired off, seeing how being with him beyond a night or two always seemed to make the worst come out in people. But looking at Claire and Kaia, Sam and Eileen, even Bobby and Ellen, all happily paired off and better for it, makes him long for it nonetheless.
Of course he remembers. But still. “Let me do something for you at least, Cas. Please. I can be good for you,” Dean begs. Because Cas is out of his league but maybe, if he makes this good for Cas, then he can have something anyway. Not everything he wants, most likely, but he’d be okay with something. Maybe Cas will take back the statement about one night only. Because Dean liked it much better when they were talking first date. Before Dean turned into a frikking crying mess.
Dean makes a small wounded sound before clearing his throat and affecting a neutral voice. “It was a possibility. Didn’t really expect you to search out the company of the weapons.”
He finds the coin, flips it and he smiles as he says: “Heads, Cas. You get the bed. Now excuse me, I have a couch to prepare.” Before Cas can say anything else Dean is out of the room with his duvet in hand. He can be fast when he wants to be.
“Hey, I’m gonna die in a few days, I don’t think the pizza will manage to give me a heart-attack before then.”
He sounds so angry that it gives everyone pause. Dean cautiously puts a hand on his knee. “Hey, Cas, I’m okay. Nothing bad happened.”
of soulmates and bonds. This?” He pushes back his sleeve and holds his wrist under Dean’s nose. “This is a tattoo. I don’t have a seal. Not one that hasn’t found its counterpart, not one that has been broken, just none. I have
There are no unusual missing persons’ reports, though a handful of people disappeared over the past few years. But it doesn’t seem to be more than in any other town. At least the lack of new material gave him time to find information about Incubi and rule them out, so that is something. Doesn’t stop him from wondering where the hell Sam has gotten his information about this case from in the first place. Dean dimly remembers Sam mumbling about Garth, but maybe werewolf-boy mixed up his locations? Or maybe Dean doesn’t remember that right at all. Sue him, there had been pie. That had taken priority over Sam’s rambling.
So he is too nervous to do anything but keep his phone in hand and wait for it to beep with an incoming message, well aware that Cas doesn’t know that he got his letter and that it’s quite possible that he has better things to do than to sit next to his phone and wait for a message from Dean.
The road out to the reservation is not the best kept, gravel replacing concrete after a while. Dean drives carefully, patting Baby’s steering wheel every so often to apologize for making her deal with unpleasant road conditions. He definitely knows why most of Kaia’s family drives four-wheelers. Dean stops at the bottom of Kaia’s driveway, knowing from experience that Baby doesn’t like the deep dirt track up to the house.
“Didn’t know you could do that,” Bucky says. He’s following each and every of Natasha’s movements. Steve has given up on that ten minutes ago. Maybe Bucky can decipher any of what’s happening here, Steve sure can’t.
“No, Cas, sorry, of course not,” Dean answers at the same time that Sam replies, “Yes, maybe that would be best.”
“Size? I thought a sheet was just like a really big piece of fabric that you can throw over anything?” Dean asks unsure.
But Dean isn’t upset. He pushes a wet lock out of his face and blinks up at Cas against the rain that’s started up again. “You will. You’ll figure it out.”
. But how can he say that? “Cas, you’re still my friend. You’ll always be my friend. We’re just -,” Boyfriends? Lovers? Partners?, “something more as well, okay?”
Sam drops his bag with no doubt perfectly wrapped gifts on the table, comes over, washes his hands like a good boy, then washes the vegetables and gets to chopping.
And yeah, Dean knows she’s fucking with him and he wants to have a witty comeback, but his mind is caught somewhere between panicked and completely blank. So instead of answering anything that would need him to be coherent, he stutters out a “see ya” and bids a hasty retreat.
With that Sam hangs up. Dean stares in disbelief at the laptop. What seems like only a moment ago he was in the bedroom kissing his best friend, and now his brother is going to bring a slobber-monster over.
to have been my last relationship. It’s just kinda hard to come back from it. And Cas -” he stops because it’s the first time he’s admitted it out loud to Ellen that she’s not wrong there, either. “Well, he’s a baby-queer. I’m not sure he could cope.”
“Watch me,” he says as he walks out of the living room, grabbing his jacket before he leaves the house, leaving Cas and everything that is unsaid behind.
He’d clung on to a shred of hope back then. To a dirty old trench coat in the trunk of his car. Every time he saw the damn thing, he thought about burning it. About giving it a hunter’s funeral and maybe gain some kind of closure to move on. But he never did.
Immediately, all his muscles lock up and his stomach revolts. It’s not her fault, of course. She doesn't know how often he heard that his jailers were going to pray for him right before they sent another electroshock through his body. He shudders and has to force his body still before he can grit out a “thank you.”
Cas bites his lip. “Then I’m glad that I’m getting to say it. And - thank you. For inviting me in today.”
“Hey,” she shrugs, “I ship it as I see it. Even if the powers that be do not agree.” Then she turns serious again. “I hope you can make it work. I really wish all the happiness in the world for the both of you.”
He’s gotten an ask. From a blog named thisisangelheart. A blog that Dean is pretty sure he’s never seen before.
“And we’re sure about this?“ Bucky asks. He’s smiling his most convincing smile and waving at the new neighbors. “He looks like a tax accountant.”
“I just - I don’t know what to do.” There’s the sudden emptiness that’s always there when the anger leaves.
“Sam,” Dean nudges his brother who’d been watching the interaction with a grim face. He holds a knife in front of his nose. “Vegetables.”
A smile plays around Dean’s lips at the desperate way that word gets said. “That, she is. She was how old when you last saw her? 9? 10? Of course she’s not that kid anymore. She’s mostly grown now. And she’s had to fight for herself a lot.”
Cas nods again, a little jerkily, and turns towards the horse. He can do that as Dean wishes at least.
Fortunately, he doesn’t seem to be the only one with problems in that regard, because tax accountant guy squints at the lemonade like it’s personally offending him, and boyfriend still looks like he’d rather shoot his way out of this than engage in social interaction.
He’d always known he could hurt Dean. Even before that night. But after that… After that he’d known that he could break his nose, his arm, everything and Dean wouldn't run. He would stay. Would even still love him. Still believe in him.
Steve sighs and looks at the cable in his hand. “Thanks for the offer, but in my experience, the boss usually ends up cleaning up the mess.”
After texting Cas the info about the meeting tomorrow, Dean has nothing to do and so the day isn't moving forward at all. Dean watches his way through some new series on Netflix and it pulls him in enough that time passes marginally faster at least. He’d go grocery shopping for their dinner later but Cas’ fridge is actually decently stocked. And it’s definitely too early to start cooking.
Cas nods. He is not good, far from it. But he is so much better than he was last week, or even this morning. Because sitting here, Hannah sharing memories and smiling kindly at him, it gives him a fuzzy feeling of warmth. It’s different from when he’s talking to Dean. With Dean, there’s so much that is yet unknown. With Hannah, there is none of that tension. There is guilt there, too, but Cas has a feeling that it is long since forgiven. And that in itself is a precious gift. That there is someone, who he hadn’t even talked to in years, who he has not always treated kindly, and who still has his back.
“I’m not broken, Cas,” Dean snaps eventually. “I can still get my own beer and go to the bathroom on my own.”
“How does she – how does she cope with that?” He isn’t even sure whether he means the loss of the pup or the fact that the pup existed in the first place. Fertile Betas aren’t sold like Omegas, but they’re seen as freaks of nature that society generally shuns.
Cas wishes with all of his heart that this were true. That not everything got destroyed in that camp, that this strange and strong feeling of belonging he had before is still somewhere hidden inside him.
“This,” he presses a quick kiss to Bucky’s lips to illustrate his point, “I never thought I was going to be allowed to have it. To have you. I’m terrified of thinking about the future because I’m terrified to lose you again.” And Bucky’s not made that easier with his talk of Steve maybe having to take him out.
That, Dean can do. He picks up where he stopped. “The case established the following rules: Both parties need to go to intense counseling for at least six months to work towards keeping the bond. If they both still want the Unsealing after that, they need to get an evaluation by two court-approved psychologists. Then a judge needs to approve the request. After that, there is another waiting period of ten days to make really really sure that everyone still wants the dissolution of the bond. If that’s the case, the seal will be broken by the Council. If at any point, one of the partners doesn’t want the Unsealing anymore, the whole deal is off. That’s the only legal way Sam knows how to do this, though he promised to look further into it. His hopes aren't high but maybe he finds other cases that could work in my favour.”
“Dude, I know,” Dean holds his hands up peacefully. “Your car’s gotta survive my death. It’s been made clear to me.”
Sam rolls his eyes but he doesn’t comment, only asks, “Do you want me to bring personal word from you with me?”
Bucky and Nat are sitting out on the porch when Steve comes back, the spy hardware in the living-room beeping quietly, abandoned to work on its own.
Plot happened! How weird! Also, two steps forward, one step back. Sometimes that's how healing is like. And I think we're getting closer to Cas' heat. Let's hope that they get through that well!
Dean stares at the messages for a moment. Cas sounds - formal. Timid. It weirds him out. Cas is a lot of things, but mostly those are things like blunt and to the point. Or, if you look at them in a more negative light, a little arrogant and harsh. He isn’t - timid.
Instead, he figures that he should concentrate on the task on hand and grill the burgers. The sooner this is done, the sooner he can go back in and observe Steve.
Cas mumbles an apology and stays two steps further away for the next ten minutes, but Dean is sure that he is still perfectly aware of Dean’s position in the room at every single moment.
Rowena smiles. “I have ta make sure that you’re not too dead to pay me, don’t I now?” Then her face turns serious. “Once this is done, luv, it’s done. There’s no undoing it. And you will grieve this just like any other bond broken by death. Ye better be very sure.”
“Come on, man. You can do this.” Dean pushes the box back in place and jumps up. “Also, your omelette is growing cold.”
“Look, Cas, it’s just a month or so, okay? Dean will get his shit together.” He’s pleading now and he knows it. He probably also shouldn’t make it so obvious that he plans on actually letting them sit here for at least this whole month.
“I know,” Steve nods. “But there’s a difference between hearing something and actually knowing in your heart that it’s true. So I’m telling you again.”
After that, it really is just waiting. They stow their new papers safely in the overnight bag, and then tinker around the house, cleaning things, straightening blankets, and in general doing things that don’t need doing because they’re both too jittery to sit down.
Another assessing look that makes him think Natasha has already figured out how she can make sure that he stays dead if she kills him. “He doesn’t need distance from you, Rogers,” she says grudgingly. “He needs to feel that he’s not a monster. That he is still worthy of a good person’s love. I can’t give him that. I can be his big sister, but that’s it. I’m a monster myself, and he knows it. But you aren’t. Ball is in your court, gramps.”
Bucky shakes his head, like he can’t believe what he’s hearing. “I know I ain’t quite right, Steve,” he says and his grip goes tighter as his voice gets harder, “I know you keep looking for someone who ain’t there. Who woulda react differently from me to lots of stuff. But you ain’t the kid with the newspapers in his shoes anymore, either. And just cause my brain doesn’t work so well, doesn’t mean I don’t know my heart or that I don’t know whether...” He trails off when he notices that Steve’s gone rigid.
That makes Dean huff and roll his eyes. “Figure of speech, Cas. We’ve talked about this. So, are you done with gardening?”
“I know,” Amara sooths. “I know. I know that you love him. But it’s all working out for the best now. You’ll see. Things will be so good in the future.”
antics. He grimaces at the thought and focuses back on Claire and the present. Cause he's not his old man and he can make this better for her than life had been for him. “I’ll make you a deal. You stay sober and make it my Christmas miracle that I won’t get a call from Jody to get you either from the station or from the hospital and you can take the car.”
He doesn’t move, though, looks up at her until she smiles and nods. Only then does his body unfreeze. “Of course. Don’t be too long, though. I get lonely.” She winks at him.
“Hi Sam,” Cas answers and his voice sounds lower than normal. Lower as in, coming from below. Where he’s crouching and holding his hand out for the dog to sniff. “Hi there, Simpson.”
Turns out, Cas’ motel is basically on the way to Kaia’s place anyway, so they make a quick detour there first. It doesn’t take long, everything Cas has with him for the weekend neatly stored in one small suitcase.
Hope that through stubborn insistence and a bond forged not by a mark given to them without their consent but through years spent side-by-side, fighting with and for each other, they’d be able to spite the universe - or maybe not spite it, but to forge their own path and to persevere against the odds.
“No,” Steve laughs dryly, “no, we haven’t.” He can’t help it, he reaches out the short span between them and squeezes Bucky’s hand. “I still mean it, though. You can count on me. Always.”
tell me which size sheets you need for your bed?” The woman asks him and Dean can tell that she wants this to be over as much as he does.
“Yeah, you’re developing a nice bruise already,” Chuck nods. “Alright, let’s feel for a fracture. You'll notice if anything’s broken by the fact that you’ll be screaming.”
,” Cas wrinkles his nose in disgust. Then he holds up a different document. “I was married in Illinois?”
Dean’s eyes had closed but now he opens them again. Cas has taken a large step back and is staring at him with wide eyes.
“No, it doesn’t,” Cas shakes his head. “It’s my job to have a stable core of who I am. It’s not your job to bolster that.” Cas chuckles softly. “For all your self-deprecation, I think you do a better job at that than me. At knowing who you are.”
Running his hand through his hair, Dean said, “It’s kinda a weird spell. Me and Cas…we can hear each other’s thoughts.” He leaned in towards Sam and added, “But it’s not just thoughts, I see images of what he’s thinking about, I feel his emotions, and he sees all of mine. It’s strange man.”
“Here, you have ketchup on your face,” Dean said as he gently wiped the side of Cas’ face. He paused mid swipe as their eyes met, each one noticing that the spell had simmered into more of a pleasing, sensual feeling as soon as they touched. Dean swallowed, not able to take his eyes off Cas, and suddenly he was running his thumb across the stubble on Cas’ jaw.
Dean peered ahead and drew his sword out when he finally spotted the large animal coming towards them. He felt Cas’s hand press protectively against his chest. “Cas, I’ll be fine,” Dean said.
“Yes, this world has remained untouched by man. It’s pure. We’ll until we showed up,” Cas said, his fingers twirling aimlessly in Dean’s hair.
“Shit!” Dean swore and swerved at the sudden outburst, almost going off the road, but quickly regaining control of Baby. He wiped at his face and looked over to see Cas still flopping around in the seat. Cheese puffs were all over his lap and car. “Dammit, Cas, what’s the matter?” he asked as he pulled over onto the side of the road.
“Guys, what are you doing down here?” Sam asked as he rounded the corner and spotted them. He abruptly stopped and said, “Oh, um, do I need to come back?”
Branches pulled back to reveal a large wolf like animal with black fur and gold eyes staring at them. It hovered behind the tree line, and when it snarled, large white fangs flickered from within the shadows. It clawed at the dirt, leaving large rut marks in the ground, before quickly charging towards them.
Dean took in his disappointment and sighed. “No, no, it’s fine. I’m sure she’ll be thrilled to go on a date with you. Why wouldn’t she be?”
Reluctantly, Dean settled in closer behind Cas and wrapped his arms around his waist. “I can’t believe this,” he griped into Cas’s ear. A shock of electricity surged through him when they touched and Dean thought he saw a hint of a smile appear on Cas. But then the unicorn took off and the thought vanished as Dean had to tighten his grip around Cas’s waist to keep from falling off.
It wasn’t long before Dean was able to let go of one of Cas’ hands and move to his side. They were still skating slow, but Cas’ confidence was growing. Dean knew how it looked for them to be holding hands while ice skating, but he didn’t care. He was enjoying it and he had no problem taking care of whoever tried to take this moment away from him with a negative comment. But thankfully, there had yet to be any. They skated for another hour, and even though Cas had picked up his pace even more, Dean never let go of his hand. He told himself it was to make sure Cas didn’t fall, but deep down he knew he enjoyed it, and Cas didn’t seem to mind.
Sam loudly cleared his throat, clearly uncomfortable. “Um, Dean, what are you doing? I’m trying to eat over here,” Sam said, his eyebrows raised in question.
Seeing Cas in his old band shirt tugged at Dean’s heart. “Are you sure you don’t mind laying here with me?” Dean asked.
“Ah, that’s right. Okay, then, I’m beat so hopefully the sun stays down for at least four hours,” he said as he turned on his side, not bothering to argue with Cas about how creepy it was for him to watch over him while he slept, because here, he probably needed the watchful eye of his angel.
Clapping from the crowd broke the trance they shared and Dean cleared his throat and looked away. “It looks like they got the star on,” he said distractedly.
“I-I don’t know, Dean.” He shook his head at the mess at his feet. “I feel fine now. I’m not sure what’s going on,” he sighed.
The door to the bunker squeaked open and Dean followed Cas inside, his hand lightly brushing the small of his back. He saw Cas smirk at the touch and then heard Sam down the hall.
He grabbed the keys to Baby and headed out the door, ignoring Sam as he yelled after him. He needed some alone time to clear his head.
Straightening, Dean leaned in and brushed a large spot of cheese dust off the stubble of Cas’ cheek. He smiled at the puzzled look on Cas’ face and said, “You had some cheese stuff on your face from the bee incident.”
Dean and Sam both jerked their heads at him, the woman’s hand flew to her mouth in dismay, and Cas shrugged and said, “What? She is.”
A half hour later they were pulling up to the motel Sam said he’d rented. Cas grabbed the handle and was about to get out when Dean stopped him.
Dean froze as every other time Cas had left plummeted in his mind. The scenario never came out good. They hadn’t even been home more than twenty four hours and Cas was already gone “taking care of things” by himself. What on earth did he have to go take care of? He pulled out his cell phone and began pacing his kitchen. Cas’s automated voice came on directing him to make his voice into a mail and Dean tossed the phone onto the table. “Dammit!”
A groan behind him made him jerk around and he saw Cas struggling to stand. He rushed over and kneeled in front of him, his hand resting on one knee as he said, “Just relax for a minute, those wounds look deep.” Dean pulled Cas’s shirt up to inspect the damage and his eyes lifted to Cas’s pained expression. “Can you heal yourself?”
They pulled into the parking lot of Collin’s Christmas Trees, and after parking Baby, they began searching for the perfect tree. Cas was being overly picky and Dean wasn’t sure if they would find a tree that suited his taste, but after thirty minutes of Cas saying no to every one Dean picked out, he finally pointed at one in the back.
“Yes, and I’ve also been scratched. Are you ready to see inside?” she asked as she tossed a thumb over her shoulder.
“Well, she did tell us we would thank her for this right before she placed her hand on the symbol,” Cas stated. He took a step towards Dean and said, “You’re bleeding. Here, let me fix it.” He leaned in and placed his fingers against Dean’s lips, healing the cut instantly. His fingers brushed lightly against Dean’s lips for a second before falling to his side.
They fell asleep in each other’s arms, as they would for the rest of their lives, finally accepting the love they both deserved.
“You were supposed to just be checking in on an old friend, but now there’s a case involved?” Dean asked by way of greeting.
A flash of light appeared before they did, and before they knew what was happening, they were falling onto the floor of the closet. They both rolled several times and Dean felt his head slam into something before they came to a stop.
Sam’s eyebrows rose in question, and when he realized Dean wasn’t going to elaborate, he said, “Well, I know Cas would never do anything to intentionally hurt either one of us. If it’s one thing we’ve found out about Cas, it’s that he always thinks he’s doing the right thing, so maybe you’re overreacting.”
Dean stopped and stared at him, wanting to pull him into a hug and also wanting to jerk his arm out of his grasp. They stared at each other, both contemplating their next move, when suddenly he was being shoved backwards, his feet almost tripping beneath him. In one swift motion, one of Cas’s hands was gripping his shoulders as he pinned him up against the tree, the other one was clamped against his mouth. The intensity of his blue eyes as they bore into Dean’s was disturbing.
Snow fell onto the front windshield of Baby as Dean watched the wipers go back and forth, listening to a very excited Cas talk about all the things he wanted to do for his first Christmas as a human. Dean couldn’t help but smirk as Cas talked about baking Christmas cookies, building snowmen, and listening to every Christmas song that was ever made. Christmas had never been one of Dean’s favorite holidays, it only reminded him of all the lonely ones him and Sam had experienced, but seeing Cas’ blue eyes fill with excitement was making him second guess himself. With Cas, he might just have a reason to like it. But, he couldn’t picture himself in the kitchen baking cookies or building snowmen like Cas was envisioning himself doing either. But it also tugged at his heart to think of Cas doing those things alone.
Cas looked up into the blue sky and said, “Don’t worry, we’ll get him when he comes down again. But we need to keep moving. There has to be a way out of here somewhere.”
“Disappear like you always do when things get tough.” Dean looked him square in the eye, daring him to even acknowledge that that was on his mind.
Cas inhaled a deep breath, instantly feeling his powers buzzing as he began to heal from the inside out. When he finally opened his eyes, he saw Dean staring down at him. His green eyes softened and his jaw relaxed when their eyes met. “Dean?” Cas said, his eyes scanning the worried face in front of him. “Are you okay?” he asked.
They walked around the building for another hour, looking for anything out of the ordinary. Weird smells, peculiar noises, or shadows darting around. But, they found nothing.
As Dean’s head fell back against the seat, he realized he hadn’t given the cab driver his address. He quickly rambled off his address to the cab driver and when he didn’t get a response, he recited it again. He leaned forward and looked out the front window, realizing they weren’t even heading in the right direction.
The witch took out a small brush and went to the closet. She pushed back some clothes, dipped the brush into the red liquid, and began drawing a symbol on the closet wall. When she was done, she turned to the young girl. “Now, when they both step in, you cut your hand and place the blood to the symbol, then say the magic word and the spell will ignite,” she said as she stepped out of the closet. “Just don’t say the word aloud until it’s time or you’ll ruin the spell. Okay?”
Twenty minutes later they pulled up to a tall, red brick building in the middle of the square. They stood on the sidewalk and peered up at the large building, both admiring the old building.
Dean squeezed Cas’s shoulder and said, “Yes, thank you, now we’d better get going before things turn even more strange.”
The girl shifted nervously and said, “No, it’s not a curse, exactly. It’s a spell that sent you guys to that land, but the only way you’d come out was if you both truly had those feelings for each other deep down. If you didn’t, then…”
Dean’s boots scraped across the hardwood floor as he paced, the sound harsh against the stillness in the bunker. Sam looked up from the book he was reading at the table and shook his head before returning his attention to the lore that was laid out on the pages in front of him.
“Um, you have pieces of feathers in your hair,” Sam said as he pointed towards the back of Dean’s head.
The woman’s gaze shifted to Sam. “He’ll die if he denies his soul the other half that makes it complete. Especially since their souls have found each other.” Her eyes veered to Cas and she gave him a knowing smile. Her eyes slid back to Dean as she said, “Give your soul what it longs for and you’ll be healed. You’ll be complete.”
“Thanks, Dean,” Cas said as he pulled a drawer open and began to look through it. He pulled out what he needed, slipped his trench coat off, and draped it across a chair. He undressed and pulled on a pair of red flannel sweat pants and one of Dean’s old, faded AC/DC shirts. He turned the lights off and slid into bed next to Dean.
Cas reluctantly obeyed and icy cold air swept into the car. Snowflakes blew in, hitting against his face and he wrapped his arms around himself, trying not to shiver. This was ridiculous, he thought. Maybe this was equivalent to the cold shower phrase he’d heard people use.
“Whatever this is, it makes us attracted to each other, okay Sam?” Dean yelled, rolling his eyes and running his hand through his hair in frustration. He knew he’d never hear the end of this from Sam. That was one of the reasons he didn’t want to tell him to begin with. The other reason… he kind of liked hearing Cas’ thoughts about him, even if they were just from the spell, but he would never admit that out loud.
“Let me fix that,” Cas said as he gently touched the side of Dean’s cheek. The wounds healed immediately but Cas let his hand stay a minute longer as if he could feel a shift in Dean’s feelings. His dark brows furrowed when Dean reached out and placed his hand on top of Cas’s, giving it a light squeeze while his thumb stroked back and forth. “Why did you tell me to stay back? You could’ve been killed, Dean.” Cas’s voice was soft with worry and he reluctantly let his hand drop from Dean’s face.
“So, pillow fight or a weird game of foreplay?” He waved his hand and said, “Never mind, I really don’t want to know the answer to that. I don’t know why I asked, other than the fact that it was a really strange scene to witness that I still can’t unsee. I’m pretty sure I had nightmares about it last night.”
“Me too,” Cas said in a breathy whisper. His eyes locked on Dean’s and he said, “Dean, I’m sorry about spilling that potion, but I can’t fight this anymore.” He paused, throwing his hands up in front of him. “I don’t want to fight it anymore.”
That made sense to Dean because he knew he could be a stubborn man. And it nearly broke him in two to realize everything Cas had lost for him and that it took a spell to give him the courage to admit he loved Cas more than a friend. “I’m sorry, Cas,” he said with a sigh.
“Cas, no!” Dean shouted, throwing his hands up in front of him, but it was too late. Cas was on him in one swift motion. Strong, wet arms wrapped around his waist and pulled him under the water. He held his breath and tried pushing Cas off him, but he was too strong. A few seconds later, their heads emerged to the surface. Dean gasped and wiped the water from his face, his eyes narrowing on Cas. “Dude, what the hell?”
Dean looked over at Cas who nodded. “After you,” he said to Heather, gesturing for her to show them the way.
Cas pulled himself onto its back and extended his hand out to Dean. He pulled him up and his lips twitched into a smile when he felt the warmth of Dean’s body as he settled in close behind him. His body relaxed as Dean’s hands slid up under his trench coat, wrapping around his waist.
“Heads up, Sunshine,” Dean called out as he tossed Cas a beer. He watched the bottle turn a few times in the air as it headed towards Cas, and then watched Cas awkwardly take a step towards it, his hands fumbling wildly in front of him, only to miss it. Dean winced as the bottle shattered all over the floor, beer spilling out into a large puddle, and Cas stepping over the mess to quickly grab a towel.
They walked towards the pile of ash and stared down at the word, Doubt. Feeling a spark of electricity shoot through them, they both looked at each other.
Dean patted his leg and then put the car in drive as he said, “Don’t worry about it, Cas, this car has had worse.”
“You were shivering so bad last night. The temperature had dropped significantly in the middle of the night and I didn’t have a blanket to put over you, so I used my body heat,” Cas said as he started to uncoil his legs from Dean’s.
Ava pulled out another shot glass, filled it and leaned against the table, her low cut shirt falling even lower to show cleavage that begged to be touched. “This one's on me,” she leaned in even closer and whispered.
Cas pushed past Dean and reached his hand out to the girl. She stared down at it and then hesitantly shook it. “Thank you,” Cas said and added, “I was worried it would never happen, but you helped us conquer our fears of letting each other in.”
Dean nodded at Sam’s comment, because this was their first real Christmas, and he didn’t think it would’ve ever happened if Cas wasn’t here.
They both jerked around when a loud growl floated out of the woods. The unicorn swished its tail and began to speed up, feeling the threat that lurked out of sight.
Anger stirred in Dean at the look on Cas’s face. He needed Cas to be strong, because he knew when it came to letting people in, he was weak. “Cas, don’t you dare do this,” Dean said, his tone turning stern.
Sam held his hands up in mock surrender. “Hey, just saying. You’re not focused and we’re going on a hunt. I don’t think it’s smart, Dean. Maybe we need to head home and sort this out first.”
Dean rubbed his legs and said, “I need to stretch my legs for a minute, we’ve been on this horse for hours, Cas.”
“Serves you right for dunking me,” Dean said, giving him one last splash before turning around and heading for the bank.
Cas pulled his shirt down and frowned. “That all happened when I was an Angel. The pain is different now that I’m human. Pain, emotions…everything is exemplified ten times more than when I was an Angel.”
Cas came up behind it, quickly ducking his head to avoid being hit with its wing, and then slammed his blade deep into its chest. The bird screeched loudly, staggered a few feet, before falling to the ground. They both stared at it for several seconds, making sure it was really down this time, and then looked at each other.
He followed Dean towards the motel, still not understanding why he refused to let Sam know, and wondering how they would hide something like this from Sam because Dean could barely stand being around him right now.
After rummaging through the storage bins, they found a few boxes from the Men of Letters that were full of Christmas decorations. Cas said they had hit the jack pot and they all chipped in to decorate the tree. It had taken longer than Dean thought it would, but an hour later, they all stood back and admired their handy work.
The unicorn walked out from behind a tree and stopped in front of them. It turned its head to Cas and nudged him, demanding attention. Cas smiled and patted the horse on the neck.
Dean froze as he retraced his last fleeting thoughts. He hadn’t said that last thought out loud, had he?
“Dean, the best way to get used to the water, is to jump right in,” he said and then quickly lunged for Dean.
Cas nodded slightly as he looked at Dean wearily. “Yes,” he replied, his voice stern even though he was wondering what Dean had on his mind.
“No, of course not. I am surprised you asked though,” Cas said as he pulled the covers up to his neck.
Cas frowned at what he’d just heard in his head and looked down at the buttons on his shirt. He ran his slender fingers across them deep in thought at Dean’s thoughts, not realizing he just caused the top of his shirt to gape open, exposing part of his chest.
“Dean, are you okay?” Sam stood there motionless as he took in the scene. Dean’s bare chest was heaving from the adrenaline and he looked down to notice he was only wearing boxer shorts. Cas was out of his trench coat and wearing Dean’s old shirt, his hair was mussed up, and the covers were strewn all over the bed. He just stood there for a moment, not sure what to do or say. “Um, oh my God, I’m sorry. I thought something was attacking you. I mean, like a monster or something. Um, I’m going to go to my room.” He ducked his head, switched off the light, and shut the door before quickly heading to his room.
Dean jerked his arm free and said, “I said I’m fine, Sam. I’ve dealt with worse.” He gave Sam one last look before turning and knocking on the door.
He saw Cas tilt his head in question, his lips forming a little smirk, and Dean quickly pushed anymore thoughts out of his head.  As soon as he did, he began to rub at his chest, the pain building again. It was his heart, and he briefly wondered if it was on the verge of exploding. He gritted his teeth as waves of pain fluttered in his chest.
Scowling, Cas eyed the sword and said, “This can’t be good.” His own blade dropped from the sleeve of his trench coat and he held it to his side as he began walking again.
Sam jogged to catch up, grabbing his arm and pulling him to a stop. “Dean, are you sure you don’t want to head home and end this spell? I mean, if it’s affecting you physically now, it could potentially do some serious damage before we get home and research it more.”
Once they parked the car, Dean paused and turned to face Cas. “I hope this was everything you thought it would be. I know how excited you were to go tonight,” he said.
“So, when you saw this woman…” Dean started but was suddenly cut off by a blast of energy throwing him across the room. He hit the wall and reached for his gun, his eyes blurry from the impact. He looked around the room for the woman and saw Sam and Cas already running into the kitchen after her.
“Even though we were fighting for our lives in that weird land, I slept better next to you than I have my entire life. It was nice and I don’t want it to stop.”
“There it is,” Cas called back to him as he stomped through a mess of weeds before stopping at the edge of the water. He began pulling off his trench coat and unbuttoning his shirt.
fill in the empty space between them. Dean thrummed his fingers on the wheel as he peered out the windshield through a tiny space that wasn’t covered by green foliage and thought back to that almost kiss. He looked over at Cas in the shadows of the passenger seat. His hair was slightly disheveled from the toboggan he’d been wearing while they had searched for the perfect tree and his cheeks were tinted pink from the warmth of the heater.
The gesture had been so natural that he hadn’t given it a second thought. “Okay, okay, let’s go home,” he said rolling his eyes and giving Cas’s hand a squeeze.
There was a loud pop as the monster burst into flames, disintegrating into thick, black ash. They both shielded their eyes from the ashes, and when the air cleared, they looked at the spot where the monster had been. The monster was gone, but in its wake there was one word spelled out in the ashes. Denial.
“Yeah, Dean, I did. You think you hide your feelings, but you really don’t. And it’s about time this happened,” Sam said, gesturing at their hands.
“Get ready to grab an end,” Dean said as he grabbed one end of the tree. He watched Cas hurry and grab the other end and they headed to the front to pay.
They ran towards the center of the clearing where the unicorn was rearing up, trying to fight off the large bird. When the bird caught sight of them, it turned its attention on them, leaving the unicorn alone. The unicorn whinnied and ran off, its tail swishing behind it.
Dean’s eyes flew to Cas again and he nodded. “No, we’re fine. But, it seems the spell has a twist that makes us, uh, also desire each other. So it seems the only stuff we’re seeing or feeling is all kinda intimate stuff. If you know what I mean,” his voice trailed off at the end and he tilted his head back and pinched the bridge of his nose.
“And you’ve talked to this girl before?” Dean questioned, his eyes focused straight ahead, not wanting to look at Cas for fear he’d give his feelings away. Of course Cas would want to date when he became human? He should have known this would happen.
Dean aimed his salt gun towards her, but as soon as his finger hit the trigger, a blast of air plummeted towards them. He felt Cas’s hands grip him tight and then they were falling onto grass. All of the air rushed out of his lungs as a heavy weight fell on top of him. His eyes shot open to find Cas staring down at him, his face inches from his. They stared at each other and Dean licked his lips and said, “Cas, personal space.”
“Dean, I’ve known the whole time how you feel about me, but I saw all the conflict that you felt with it. The doubt I had was if you’d
Dean looked over to see Cas’ eyebrows raised in question. “Yeah, we can go ice skating, Cas,” he said as they began walking down the busy sidewalk.
Dean held up his hand and said, “Wait, so you’re saying that we’d be stuck in that place if we didn’t truly love each other that way?”
Dean’s arm shot out, trying to block the blow, but Cas was too fast. The pillow smacked him in the face again and suddenly they were both swinging the pillows at each other at full force. Just as Dean thought he had a second to snatch the pillow from Cas, he’d get blindsided by another shot. It didn’t help that the light was off and he could barely see a few inches in front of him. His head whipped back as Cas got another shot in. “How are you a pro at pillow fights, dammit,” Dean cursed as he threw his arm up to shield another blow. Cas was really getting into this, he thought.
The witch shrugged. “Okay, but that spell you have on you, will eventually kill you. Your heart will ache until it eventually breaks. A classic example of heartbreak.”
“It looks nice,” Sam said as he stared up at the tree. “This is like the first real Christmas for all of us.”
Sam sighed. “For the tenth time, the last place the guy had visited before he died was a little bar called, King’s Tavern.”
“It’s called breakfast, Cas,” Dean said. “You have to eat now that you’re human, remember, so there ya go.”
Catching Dean staring, Cas gave him a smirk as he reached down and grabbed his boxer shorts. After sliding them on he sat down beside Dean and said, “You’re shaking.”
He shoved his keys into his pocket and threw a few twenties on the bar before nodding at the bartender and heading out to catch his cab. As he opened the door, snow fell in large flakes from the night sky, coating the small town in a blanket of white. He saw the cab waiting at the curb and headed towards it. He gave the cab driver a nod and said in an obvious slur, “Just take me home.” He knew the cab fare would be outrageous, but he didn’t care. He wanted his bed, not some crappy hotel room. He’d had his fair share of those and right now he wanted the comfort of his home. It was a rare feeling to have a place to call home.
Unlocking the door, Dean shoved the door open and searched for a light switch. He found one and light bounced off glass cases, showcasing a large, open room adorned with artwork, statues, and sculptors.
Thick fog welcomed them into the woods like a lover. It embraced them, and the waves of moisture caressed their clothes and clung to their skin, making it hard to breathe. The unicorn finally slowed down as they followed a narrow trail that led deeper into the woods. The unicorn seemed to know where to go so Cas didn’t have to direct it at all. Dean relaxed a little, loosening his grip and letting his hands fall casually to Cas’s thighs. Once again he felt a surge of electricity, but this time it was more subtle than before. He felt Cas tense slightly when it had happened and that was when he knew Cas had been feeling it too. He wanted to ask him about it, but didn’t know how to bring it up. Instead, he kept the question to the issue at hand. “How do you think we’re going to get out of here?”
“Anyway, we’ll leave at dusk tonight,” Dean said, clearly ignoring Sam’s comment and changing the subject.
An hour later, Dean was dressed in dark jeans, a tight fitting, black long sleeved shirt, and black boots, waiting for Cas by the door. He glanced at his watch and sighed. He looked up when he finally saw Cas walk around the corner, wearing the navy blue, tight fitting shirt he’d shown him last night, and dark jeans. It was still hard for Dean to get used to seeing him in regular clothes, other than the trench coat, but he couldn’t help but appreciate how good he looked tonight.
Sighing, Sam opened the door and stepped out into the frigid air. He watched Dean pace back and forth, his lips pressed into a tight line, as he shook his head, mumbling to himself, oblivious to Sam staring at him.
Dean was just inches from Cas’s face now and his eyes dropped to the light sheen on his parted lips. Dean’s hand found Cas’s leg and he smiled when his eyes widened.
The bartender smiled and pulled out two shot glasses and filled them to the top. He tossed them back one after the other and held up his fingers for two more. The bartender eyed him curiously, but obliged without a word.
“NO! No, it’s nothing, Cas. Just, ah, pretend this didn’t happen,” Dean quickly said, turning away from Cas and running both hands in his hair. This couldn’t be happening.
Putting a foot up on the table, Dean casually leaned back in his chair, but as he looked up at Cas, he noticed a streak of blood on his trench coat. He sat upright and asked, “Cas, what happened? Are you alright?”
Cas’ eyes danced across his face for a few seconds, almost as if he was considering something that was questionable, but he slowly leaned back into his spot and said, “Thanks, Dean.”
Dean reclined back in a chair, a cup of coffee in hand, as Cas and Sam put the enormous tree up in its stand. Once it was finally situated, he couldn’t help but laugh when Cas turned to him with pieces of pine needles in his hair. “Cas, come here,” he said, gesturing with his free hand.
Suddenly Dean was hit with images of Cas pushing him up against a wall in a dark hallway. Music played in the background, its beat thumping in rhythm to his quickened heartbeat as Cas’ hands gripped his waist while his lips were just inches from his, teasing him with the one thing he craved the most.
“Dean, I’m fine,” Cas said, pushing his probing hands away. He cocked his head at something in front of them and said, “Look, another word.”
Nodding his head in agreement, Dean reluctantly pulled his eyes away from Cas’s and withdrew his sword. He sighed and his shoulders slumped as he said, “Let’s check it out.”
“Dean, does this shirt look okay for Saturday?” Cas asked as he tugged on the front of the shirt in question. “I’m not sure if this is my color or not.”
“You, shut it right now,” Dean said, pointing his finger at Sam. He looked around the kitchen and asked, “Where’s Cas?”
After awhile, the crowd began to thin out, leaving them alone on the bench. He saw Cas shiver slightly, their hot chocolates long gone, and he turned to face him and said, “Here, lemme fix that.” He snapped the top button of his coat and wrapped Cas’ scarf around his neck tighter. “There, is that better?”
“Yes, you have. And I, you,” Cas countered. He stood, hands resting on his hips as he watched Dean pace angrily.
“DEANNNN!” Cas yelled in the background as he ran towards them. The monster cocked his head towards Cas and barred its teeth as it leapt at him. Cas aimed his blade at it, but he missed, and in one swift motion he had whirled back around to face the monster head on. He held his hand out to touch the monster’s head, but just when he made contact to try and smite it, nothing happened. The monster’s front paw quickly lashed out towards Cas, ripping his shirt and leaving four large wounds across his chest, before knocking him to the ground.
They were both filthy, but Cas had ashes and blood coating his entire body. As they made the trek down the steep hill, Dean watched Cas in front of him. He couldn’t help but think about this different type of bond that was forming between them and wondered if it would continue once they got home. He seriously doubted it. He looked around at the bright green foliage and the beautiful orange sun that was starting to set and guessed they were just in some kind of fantasy land, and once they were back home, these feelings they had for each other would disappear. It was a shame, because these feelings felt good.
Dean was suddenly pushed back onto his mattress with Cas above him. His hands gripped Cas’ shirt and pulled it up and over his head. He tossed it onto the floor and then took in the sight above him. Cas’ lips were barely parted, his chest heaving from desire, and his erection prominent through his jeans. Dean’s tongue flicked across his lips and he ran his hands over the lean muscle of Cas’ torso, nodding in approval. “I’ve wanted to feel this for a long damn time,” he admitted, and found he loved how it felt to say that so openly. He couldn’t take his eyes off the beautiful man above him and he wasn’t sure why he ever denied him anything. This felt right. It felt like everything he had been missing his whole life. Cas felt like the home he never had.
Dean felt the emotions shift between them and hoped he hadn’t ruined the night. He’d wanted this Christmas event to be special since it was Cas’ first Christmas and he had been excited about the whole extravaganza.
Dean studied him for another moment before sitting the bottle back on the shelf. “Oh, okay,” he said and busied himself with looking at other items. He could’ve sworn Cas had just said he smelled incredible. He shook his head, figuring his ears were playing tricks on him. He wiped his hands on his pants and looked over at Cas who had his back to him as he bent over and inspected something on the bottom shelf. He let his eyes linger on a distracted Cas’ backside.
Dean swallowed and looked over his shoulder at Cas. He was standing there, his eyes narrowed in thought as he studied the witch. Could this witch be telling the truth? That Cas was his soulmate?
Dean rubbed a hand over his face at the mess in front of him, and said, “Cas, what’s up, buddy? You’ve been a clumsy mess lately. I’m guessing you don’t have your coordination yet?” He’d been waiting patiently for Cas to get his strength back after losing his grace and becoming human, but he seemed like he was doing just fine now, other than the fact that he was now a klutz.
“Cas?” Dean asked as he tried to see Cas clearly in the dark. When his vision finally adjusted, he squinted and said, “Hey, why are you crying?” His hand reached up and wiped away fresh tears that were streaming down Cas’s face.
“Well, it had Sarah’s number on it. I don’t have it memorized and I need to call her to tell her I’ll be there to pick her up soon.”
Dean shook his head, trying not to laugh. Ever since he gave Cas his own salt gun a few weeks ago, he’d been dying to use it. Tossing his empty bottle in the trash, he said, “We’ll see if we need it or not.” He looked down at his watch and added, “We’ll leave in an hour.”
“Dean,” Cas began, his hand tightening around the small shot glass. “I don’t think drinking was a good idea. I have…” He glanced up at Dean, blue eyes hazy with desire, and said, “The alcohol is making me even more weak.”
Dean rolled over onto his side, facing Cas. He studied his lips for a minute, contemplating how to say what was on his mind.
Dean sucked in a sharp breath, his hands gripping tightly around his waist, pulling him closer as he begged for more. Just as Cas began to move his kisses down towards Dean’s chest, they heard a whinny in the distance. They both jerked up, knowing the whinny was nothing but a beacon of dread that waited for them.
“Are your angel powers not working here? I mean, usually you know things before they get here,” Dean said as he pulled out his own sword.
Dean tilted his head back and began laughing. He couldn’t help it. They were covered in cheese puffs all because Cas had gotten stung. “Cas, it looks like you got stung by a bee or wasp or something.” He was still holding Cas’ wrist and he gave it a quick pat and said, “As long as you’re not allergic, you’ll be fine.”
They began walking as they sipped their hot chocolate and waited for the grand lighting of the tree and town square. They stopped next to a railing that overlooked the ice skating rink and watched people skate for awhile. Some were flying and weaving through the crowd like pros. Others were flailing around and falling down on the ice. Dean took another sip of his hot chocolate and looked over at Cas. “How’s the hot chocolate?”
Cas thought about it for a moment and said with a shrug, “Well, we’ll just have to stop at the Christmas tree farm on the way home.”
Taking a few steps towards him, Dean said, “Because, Cas, being here in this place,” he threw his hands up as he looked around, and then continued, “has made me realize that we have feelings for each other that go deeper than friendship or brothers. I know I’ve been trying to fight it off, but I think you’ve known all along, but have doubted that I feel the same. That’s why you didn’t feel anything after we killed the first two monsters. It seems that every time we kill a monster, another negative emotion that we’re feeling about us, dies with it.”
Dean grabbed the salt and held it out for Cas. He grabbed it, and as their fingers touched, he felt a shock of electricity run between them. Dean quickly pulled back and began pushing food around on his plate, clenching his jaw as he did.
A sudden rush of energy blew into the closet and Cas grabbed Dean’s shoulder. “Something is happening. Stay back,” he said as he pushed Dean behind him.
Dean slid off the unicorn and began searching for a safe spot to sleep for the night. He followed a path of wildflowers that led him up and over a small hill. As he got to the top of the hill, he looked to his right and saw a small ledge that had an amazing view of the land. It was a perfect spot to settle in for the night. He went to the edge of the hill and motioned for Cas to come up.
The warm rays from the sun felt good against his skin and he slid his boxer shorts on and laid on the bank. He wrapped his arms around himself, trying to stop the shivering. He saw Cas walking towards the bank, and as he emerged from the water, Dean got a full view of his front side. He considered looking away, but couldn’t, and if he were to be honest, he kinda liked the view.
“Now, make me breakfast, I’m starving,” Dean said. He pulled Cas into him, pressing another kiss against his lips.
Dean leaned back, suddenly feeling bad for laughing at him. He kept forgetting this was his first time being human. Everything was new to him and it was probably overwhelming. “Sorry, Cas. I keep forgetting things are different for you now. But, I don’t have anything to put on that, so you’ll just have to tough it out until later.”
His hands gripped Dean’s hips, bringing him closer as any doubt about Dean holding back began to disappear completely.
“It’s a soul mate spell. Your soul is aching to be united with its other half and it won’t stop reaching for that person until both souls are united as one.”
They climbed onto Willow, and Cas grabbed a handful of the horse’s mane as the unicorn went into a canter. His tie flew behind him from the wind, and Dean had to push it away from his face. They rode for hours, searching and scheming for a way out. Waves of heat dropped down from the deep orange sun, and large, white puffy clouds hung above their heads as they rode through the foreign land they’d been cast into. This was their first opportunity to really explore the new land and they rode quietly as they studied their surroundings. Dean’s fingers played with the edge of Cas’s trench coat, running it back and forth between his index finger and thumb, as he let his mind drift to home. He wondered what Sam was doing. If he knew yet that they were missing. And he wondered what the reasoning was for the girl to send him and Cas here. She had to have a reason because it had been a thought out decision. Seeing the collar flipped up on Cas’s shirt, he reached up and began to adjust it, his fingers skimming across the soft skin on the back of his neck. He saw Cas turn his head slightly to see him from the corner of his eye, and when Dean was done, Cas let out a murmured ‘Thanks,’ his lips tilting casually to one side in a little smirk.
After getting a call from Sam, who ended up finding a case an hour away, they left their case early and were now hightailing it to help Sam. Cas had been glad to get out of that stuffy museum and was hoping the fresh air would do them some good, but it wasn’t helping. If anything, being confined to the car was even worse. The air was heavy with so many emotions that Cas had to loosen the collar on his shirt to feel like he could breathe. As he slowly undid the first few buttons, he caught Dean glancing his way from the corner of his eye, and then heard a faint, ‘
Cas jerked in surprise as the pillow slammed against his face. “Dammit, Dean!” he yelled, and then pulled his own pillow out, hitting Dean with it.
The haze of want dimmed slightly from Cas’ blue eyes. “Dean, these feelings are all mine. I know you don’t want to admit it, but the witch was right. My soul wants you. You’re my soulmate. It’s always been you.”
Cas paused in the doorway and watched Dean sit his record player on top of his dresser. His eyebrows pulled together as he asked. “Why?”
“Look, whatever this is, let’s just keep it between us until we figure a way to stop this curse or whatever it is.”
Laughing and shaking his head, Sam followed them to the hallway, wishing he could’ve seen them riding a unicorn.
“Is this okay, Dean?” Cas asked as he ran a hand awkwardly down the front of him. He looked up and met Dean’s eyes and said, “I tried to pick the one you seemed to like the best.”
“Since I’m an Angel, the temperature doesn’t bother me like it does you,” Cas said as he calmly stood waist deep in the water. He dipped his head underwater and stayed under for several seconds before finally emerging a few feet in front of Dean. His eyes traveled up his bare chest and a mischievous gleam lit up his blue eyes. His lips twisted to one side in a devious smirk.
Cas’ fingers paused briefly before getting lost in Dean’s hair again. “I had already announced my love for you in the very beginning when I fell from Heaven, Dean. I chose you over Heaven, my family. That’s big. Everyone knew you were my weakness. When I first laid my hand on you in Hell, I knew you were my soulmate, and given the chance, I would have told you exactly how I felt. But you weren’t ready to admit your feelings, so I chose to wait.” He leaned down and kissed Dean’s temple.
The corner of Dean’s mouth twitched to one side as he took the flowers. There were only a few times that he saw Cas shy and it had always made his knees weak to see the stiff Angel turn awkwardly adorable. He leaned in and gave Cas a kiss, a wide smile appearing when he saw him blush. “Thanks, Cas, I love them,” he said as he brought the flowers to his nose.
“And you’re perfect, Dean? As if you never push me away when you’re angry or hurt or feeling any kind of emotion in the least bit?” Cas challenged, his tone was rimmed in anger even though he didn’t want to be angry at Dean. But he was feeling all these emotions that he wasn’t used to and it was clouding his judgment.
The cab driver didn’t say a word as he pulled away from the curb and onto the deserted, snow covered street.
Cas held up a finger, walked over to the sacks, and pulled something out. He slipped off his trench coat and pulled something red over him. He turned around and grinned, pointing at his stomach. Sam burst out laughing and Dean just stood there dumbfounded. “What do you think? The cashier insisted that I buy it,” he said, still smiling.
An hour later Dean was revving up Baby’s engine and Cas was climbing in the passenger side. They were heading to an old museum where the owners swore they had seen a ghost while cleaning late one night. That coincided with the weird noises guests have heard. Dean was positive it was nothing, but they weren’t busy at the moment, so they were now heading to the old museum.
Dean stopped what he was doing and looked up at Cas. Even though he was tired, the confused look on his face made him smile. “Because I don’t want you all the way down the hall when you can be right here.” He waved a hand around the room. “Is that okay?”
Dean broke away and glared at Sam. “Nothing,” he said, dropping the napkin and spooning a forkful of eggs into his mouth.
They walked towards the bunker and Dean stopped at the door. He had no idea what to say but knew he wasn’t ready to just walk inside and pretend this had just been another regular night. He sighed and turned to Cas. “Look, I had a really fun time tonight. I just wanted you to know that. And I thought...I don’t know, that we could do it again sometime. You know, just us two.” He gestured between them, not sure if Cas was getting the point. Hell, he wasn’t sure what point he was trying to make. That what, he wanted to date Cas?
Shaking his head, Dean said, “This is absolutely ridiculous, but of course, it’s not like I have a choice or anything.” He took Cas’s hand and wheeled himself onto the unicorn. “I can’t believe I’m riding on the back of a unicorn with you right now,” Dean mused, fidgeting with his hands when he didn’t know where to put them.
Dean leaned in close, his lips brushing against Cas’s cheek. “Anyway, I wanted you to kiss me this morning because I do love you,” he stated and then pressed a kiss to own up to the confession, doing everything in his power to make sure Cas had no doubt about his feelings.
Cas’s face softened at the realization of Dean’s words and he reached out, tenderly placing his hand on Dean’s leg to still his nervous jitters. “But you know you’re wrong about that, right, Dean? We’ll make time for us. You’ll see. There’s no need to make things more complicated than they are. And we’ve been pitted against each other from the start and always find our way back to each other. I have faith we always will.” Cas pulled him close, now feeling fearful that Dean would pull back when they got home in order to keep himself from getting hurt. He rocked him gently as he kissed the top of his head and told himself he wouldn’t let that happen.
