"No further questions," Clark said.  He shuffled back to the table.  Harvey glared at him, apparently not pleased by his performance.
Sherlock wasn't in the same chair when John came downstairs in the morning, but he was pacing back and forth across the kitchen. He was wearing the same clothes he had been wearing yesterday, and the fact they didn't look particularly rumpled was probably because he hadn't got any sleep. When John said "Morning" to him, he actually responded with a "Morning" of his own, so that was a good sign.
Sherlock stared at Harvey with wide, frightened, childlike eyes.  "No.  I'd beg sometimes and She thought that was funny."
"No.  She moved and made some noise.  I was sticky afterward.  Then She let me sit on Her lap and said that that made us married.  I asked Her if She'd always love me and She said She would."
"I'll be there in a second." He lifted himself up from his chair and glanced briefly at the bed before leaving the room. "I suppose you want to take a statement," he said when the door was closed.
"The prosecution rang me before you came back.  They've talked to Phillip about not contacting me again until he testifies."
“I may not know you at all, but all I've heard here is that you're a monster and my friend – not my boyfriend for the record, although it shouldn't matter – my best friend, isn't guilty of anything but being your victim.”  John didn't bother to keep the fury out of his voice.  He could feel Sherlock's grip on his hand tighten.  “And if you try to leave this country, the whole government will be following you, and you will get a fate worse than death.  I promise that.”
After a minute or so, he felt calm down enough to ascend the steps and unlock the door. When he entered, the air in the flat was heavy with the smell of formaldehyde, and knowing that Sherlock was still at one of his strange experiments was improbably reassuring. John even managed to crack a smile when he saw Sherlock inside alternately typing on his laptop and observing a set of animal organs spread on the counter (thankfully, all of them were resting on pieces of wax paper).
Martin looked at him for a second before dissolving into laughter. That explained why he'd been called "Sherlock" before. That wasn't his name, just an apparently running joke about being unfortunately named the same thing as a fictional character.
Another long period of silence.  Just when John thought Lou was going to ask for another break, Phillip responded in a very quiet voice.  “When I was about eleven I started to grow a lot.  I knew what that meant and I’d be shaving soon, things like that.  And my voice kept breaking.  She noticed that and said we’d better be careful, because I could make Her pregnant soon.  And once later, when She was on top of me like usual, I, uh…”
Clark made a face at her last comment.  "But you never said to your mummy or daddy what was going on there?"
"Gloria got married while you were gone," Eli said to Peter. Gloria was Gloria Yellowfox, the person who had introduced John to the group. John knew the man she'd married, Graham, slightly from the K case.
"All sorts.  I joined one of the school football teams and made friends there.  I always did well in school and made other friends who were interested in more academic pursuits."
"You didn't cause that," was all John could say.  "Does Dominic think you caused it?" he made himself ask.
"And we leave later tomorrow. After we've both eaten dinner at the least. You will find it a lot easier to talk to a child who's got food in their stomach." John turned to leave the room and almost didn't hear the response he got.
"You're not going to leave a glass of bleach out overnight," Mr. Aherne calmly responded.  "Anyway, we have to get back home."
That wasn't specific at all, but John realized then that Sherlock was trying to avoid saying certain words.  "Are you asking me why I enjoy sex?"
"Our advantage is that K does not know at this time about the investigation, or the flat would have been vacated.  K washes the bedding on the one bed every time a sexual encounter occurs so no forensic evidence is left.  The fact that something like that is still going on, even after the incident at the Aherne's, indicates that K is confident no one will talk or has talked."  He now had both hands in a white-knuckle grip on the folder.
"I'll see how he's doing," John said before heading up the stairs.  He expected to find Sherlock on the couch with the television blaring and that in fact turned out to be the case.  Not surprisingly, the news was on, even though it only discussed some minor political scandal.  Sherlock was leaning on Hamish and didn't appear to be paying attention.
Sherlock stirred, and he froze. Although he knew that they'd have to talk once he woke up, John needed a few more minutes to come up with something to say. It turned out to be a nonissue, as Sherlock fell back into sleep. He went back to thinking about what to do next. He'd tell Sherlock about the group, of course, but he knew the chance of getting Sherlock into any kind of therapy at all was nil. Maybe the group would have ideas about how to make the idea more palatable.
"You were having a nightmare," John said as he came to stand next to him.  He took hold of the blankets and threw them to the ground, then turned on the light.
"Yeah.  He said that if I didn't want to answer I could just say so.  I liked that.  I told him how it happened and then he asked what we'd been arguing about.  I said I didn't want to tell anyone that and he didn't ask me anything more about it."  His face had once again become flushed.
John, Lestrade, and Mr. Aherne all sat down around the table. There were only three chairs, but Sherlock didn't look like he was going to sit down, and instead began to circle the path from the alcove to the room door. Lestrade put some papers down on the table. "I'll be taking notes." Mr. Aherne nodded. "Some of these are silly questions, but they're for the record."
With the satisfied smile still on his face, Lou said "No further questions." As Lou walked back to the stand, both Harvey and Clark came up to the judge's stand.  They exchanged a few words, looking back at Lou and Susan.  Lou turned around and went right back up, Susan following.  An usher led Victor off to one side while the solicitors talked to the judge.  John couldn't hear any of it, but from the facial expressions and the hand gestures, something significant was going on.
"I saw the news one evening and I realized it was the same woman.  I hadn't thought about it for a long time, but before the broadcast even finished I rang up Scotland Yard and said I could help them.  Maybe I hadn't done things right the first time, but this time it was going to work."
As soon as Sherlock was out of sight and Lou was up at the stand he said the most shocking thing John had heard yet.  "The prosecution calls Victor Trevor."
"In April.  They went into the flat and ran it over with a fine toothed comb.  They took my notes and the copies of the checks."
“No, I'm afraid.  I've never had the courage to ask her and I know she wouldn't understand what I meant if I asked about being sold.”  He looked to the ground.  “That's all I know about this.  I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help.”
"Chinese is in the fridge."  This seemed so unlike him that John got up to check it, and found that there were indeed several takeaway containers.
The man seemed happy enough to change the subject.  “Skip bought them.”  He then launched into a long, implausible-sounding story about a dead sheep being bought as a gift, a swarm of bees, a ring, and geese going through a metal detector at an airport.  “So he bought the goose who ate the ring, and it came out later, of course, but he bought another one because geese get lonely by themselves and Douglas let them live in his back garden until Skip got his own place with one, except he moved in with Douglas so they never moved.”
By the time John had come out of his angry haze, he heard Lou say, "The prosecution calls Moira Aherne."  He looked up to see a court usher escorting Moira to the witness stand.  She wore a dress, the first time John had ever seen her in one, and with her free arm clutched Brownie tightly to her chest.  Before sitting down, she looked out at the crowd.  John remembered that she knew he'd be there and smiled in what he hoped was an encouraging manner.  She must have seen him, because a smile flickered across her face as she sat down.
Once again Sherlock stirred, and this time it was for real. At first he just stared dazedly at John, trying to place himself, fighting out of the fog of sleep. Then something clicked and the look on his face changed from confusion to sheer unadulterated terror. He jerked himself into a sitting position and was clearly preparing to flee. "Sherlock," John said, hoping to calm him down without having to restrain him. "You don't need to panic. Take some deep breaths."
At first Sherlock appeared not to hear him, but something got through; after another minute he slowly turned his head to face John.  "John?" he hoarsely replied.
"Has that protocol actually been changed at this point?"  From Sherlock's tone it was obvious that he didn't think so.
John figured that if the defense was simply alternating, Harvey would cross-examine Jennifer.  On the other hand, Harvey had already been established to be hard-nosed, and from what he had seen she wasn't likely to turn that off.  His speculation ended when Clark walked up to the stand again.  He looked anxious, almost like he'd never questioned a child of that age.  John told himself that he probably hadn't.  "Hello, Jennifer," he said in a stiff tone.
"He came to see her at work?"  John wondered how little supervision a four year old child would have to be able to do something like that again and again.
On the first day of the trial, John woke up in his own bed.  For the past three nights Sherlock had been absent and although he'd been there the previous night he'd spent the whole night pacing downstairs.  He showered and dressed, feeling slightly anxious.  Sarah knew he'd be attending the whole thing ("Don't worry about your position," she reassured him) and Lestrade had taken him off the list of probable witnesses.  Even though he knew he wasn't going to be anything but an observer, he couldn't shake the feeling in the pit of his stomach.  When he came downstairs for breakfast, all he could manage was a cup of coffee.
"Yes, but Sherlock here wants to ask you a few questions," Lestrade said. "I'll try to make this easy as possible."
Since he'd been so careful to not touch John, when John woke up the next morning he expected to find Sherlock had fled for parts unknown.  To his surprise he found him laying flat on the sofa, Hamish on his chest, eyes shut.  Not sure if he was asleep or not, John carefully made his way to the kitchen.
"I tell him not to touch an instrument, he sits next to me, and we go back to Fitton. We can work out the rest there." With that the man came back into the cockpit. "You sit there until we land. Don't touch anything," he said to Sherlock, as if he couldn't have possibly heard them from ten feet away.
"I hope so.  I wish she'd thought to plea before all the victims had to testify, though."  He downed the tea in a few gulps.
"Of course."  It was hard to tell that Sherlock had just been pulled from a drug den: he was excited, of course, but no more than he usually got from a high-ranking case.  "We'll need that flash drive, though."
John had no idea what to do; he merely stood speechless in front of the two of them.  Sherlock seemed to have some idea, however, and put a hand on Phillip's shoulder.  "Were you at the Yard today?" he said gently.  Phillip nodded.  "And they had you look at a lineup?"
I was going to mention this in the previous AN, but this is obviously an AU.  Specifically, it's an AU which diverges after HOUN and TRF never happened. Any characters depicted in TRF or Season 3 but not before are my own interpretations.
John fell into step with them and asked: "Not to be rude, but did you consider it might be the father?" He thought this was unlikely; Mr. Aherne seemed like a doting parent and was reacting to everything with understandable horror, but family had to be ruled out first.
To John's surprise, the child patient he was going to see was in a private room. Just as he, Donovan, and Lestrade arrived at the door a man walked out of the room. He was tall, with thinning reddish-brown hair, glasses, and an expression of despair. "You're back here," he said to the officers flatly. He had a strong Irish accent. The man then fixed his eyes on John and his green eyes widened. "Who's that with you?"
He got out. They were at a small house with a garden fenced in the back. The house looked lived in. He'd gotten the house in the divorce of his most recent wife, then, probably as a result of her adultery. "Do I go inside?"
"But you didn't tell him who did it."  Harvey stared directly at his head as if that would make Phillip look up.
As soon as John finished his sentence Dr. Dodson came into the room. He sat down off to the side of the circle of chairs. He always tried to let the group conduct itself as much as possible, and mostly asked for specific information or would give them an impromptu psychiatric lesson if no one felt particularly chatty.
Once the two of them were seated in a cab on their way to Bart's, Sherlock spoke up.  "K works the swing shift.  It's probably not a full time position, but that makes little difference to K.  K was born wealthy."
After hearing that, Lestrade seemed significantly less triumphant.  "He apparently mentioned it to his father.   Said it was important."
"Twenty, I'd say.  There's ten flats on each floor, and there's four floors counting the ground, but quite a few of them weren't in good enough shape to move into then.  John, my husband, had arranged for them to be rehabilitated before he died, but none of the work was finished by the time I moved in."
While John wasn't sure this was the best time to question Sherlock about the case, he felt that starting a conversation would at least prevent one of his silent moods.  "K took Moira to her flat, like she did with Phillip.  But she let Moira see where it was; she didn't tell her to keep her eyes shut the whole time.  Why is that?"
"Are you sure they're not going to arrest me?"  He quickly glanced at Sherlock before looking down into his lap again.
"What happened when she first met the person.  I told her if she could do that without saying anything about that person it'd be fine.  So she did that."
“When did the dealer tell you that she was involved in solicitation?” Sherlock asked, like he was talking about the weather.
"You and your three continents!  I'll bet you just think it's hilarious!  That's why you went on about how good it felt!  You thought it was funny that I wanted to bathe in acid!  You're thinking about how I just didn't know how good I had it!"  Before John could respond Sherlock turned and stormed away.  He still hadn't been able to process what had happened when he heard the door to his room slam shut.
John had already heard the whole interview, so none of it was a surprise to him. Mr. Aherne, of course, had not heard any of it. He laughed when the dog came up to Sherlock and Moira and smiled fondly when she offered Sherlock a piece of the chocolate bar he brought her. His eyes widened with the conversation about the fate of the bee, however, and when Moira expressed her fear of her father dying his eyes filled with tears. John half expected him to demand they stop the tape at that point, but he didn't say a word. He briefly smiled when Sherlock told her that she didn't have to say the person's name or what they looked like, but that melted off his face with Moira's account of her trip to the park. The "'Are you a boy or a girl?'" line caused him to audibly sob, and tears streamed down his face for the rest of the tape. When it clicked off he had buried his face in his hands, muffling the sounds of despair he was making.
“I thought if I was the only one it’d be okay.  Like, if it was happening to them it’d be bad but it was different if it was me.  It wasn’t all bad, really, but it felt dirty.  I didn’t want them to feel like that.”  Graham visibly swallowed.  He looked anguished.  “Sometimes when I wouldn’t do something fast enough or I looked like I didn’t want to do it She’d ask me if one of my brothers might be more willing.  Of course I’d promise to try harder.  But once She said I hadn’t done enough.  Said that if I didn’t want to go to a new carer I’d have to do something for Her.  And I didn’t want that.  Nothing that She wanted me to do would be as bad as not being with Dominic and Martin.  They’re my best friends. So I said yes, I’d do whatever it was.  Then She told me the plan.  It was…”  His voice trailed off, and he took several deep breaths before speaking again.  “A few days later I did it.  I brought Martin up to Her room and said we were going to watch football.  We did watch it for a bit and then Martin asked me if I’d seen that magazine I saw before.  I was supposed to show it to him but I couldn’t figure out how to so I was glad he asked.  We both looked at it and near the end there was this one picture where a man and a woman were both.  Um.  Sucking on each other.”  Graham’s face was now a steadily deepening shade of red.  “I said what I was supposed to, which was that I wondered how it felt.  I already knew how it did but I couldn’t tell Martin that.  Martin said he thought people must like it because in the magazine there were a lot of pictures with it, even though that was the only one with both at the same time.”  Another pause.  Graham next spoke so rapidly it took a second before John realized what he had said.  “And-then-we-kept-talking-and-I-said-I-could-try-to-show-him-how-it-felt-and-then-I-put-my-mouth-on-him-and-when-I-was-done-I-said-it-was-my-turn-and-he-put-his-mouth-on-me-and-then-when-he-was-doing-it-something-actually-came-out-and-then-I-left-the-room-and-hoped-he-wouldn’t-hate-me-forever-because-I’d-done-it-the-way-She-said-and-I-love-him-so-much-even-if-he-did-hate-me-because-I-was-a-disgusting-pervert-he’s-my-little-brother-and-I’d-do-anything-to-keep-him-safe.”  This appeared to be the final straw for Graham; he buried his face in his hands and sobbed uncontrollably.
"She asked me if I knew a song.  I did because Daddy had the CD that played it.  She put Her hands on my belly and told me to bounce up and down while we sang it."
"Dr. Arthur saw her too, and he was the one who claimed it was her father that had been abusing her.  The other medical reports don't have his name on them."  He handed the folder back to Lestrade and scowled.  "I'd still like to speak to him."
"That settles it, then."  Knowing Sherlock was uncomfortable with the intimacy of the moment, he changed the subject.  "I'm going to start supper soon.  Tea before then?"
"Can I have a biscuit, Dad?" Dierdre asked as they came into the front room. A pile of trainers and a football were sitting by the door as well as a dog leash. The whole place had the cozy familiarity that most homes with children have.
John kept himself seated as the hordes of people filed out of the room, not wanting to get caught in the crush of the crowd.  When almost everyone had left he stood to leave.  Before he could walk out Lou filed past him.  "Not as hard as I thought it would be," he said, motioning for John to follow him.  "I tried to bring out Mr. Aherne's caring nature as much as I could; it'd be a lot harder to savage him on the stand that way."  John fell into step with them and they went out into the main corridor.
"He was nicer to me.  He didn't just start asking me about my arm and why I wasn't in school.  He knew which arm I'd broken even though I didn't have my cast on anymore and he knew that I played the flute."  Even as Phillip spoke a small smile appeared on his face, like he was remembering something happy.
Until that night, they didn’t interact much.  John and Mrs. Hudson watched a Bond movie together, and Sherlock passed on any dinner.  Even when they went to bed he was silent.  It seemed like a penny was about to drop.  And of course one did.
"He" here is Mr. Aherne.K hasn't out and out said that, but she has mentioned she has fostered and hinted she could look after Moira if "something happened" to her father.
"I went upstairs and woke up the children. I told them we had to go see the doctor. None of them seemed to like that, but they got up and went with me. After I got them all in the cab I first thought that it might not have been some sort of… accidental injury." He covered his eyes with one hand and choked back a sob. "That was something I didn't want to think about, so I didn't ask any of the children about it. We got to A&E and I told the woman at the desk I'd found blood on my daughter's underwear. A few doctors came and got them all and they all were given an exam. About ten minutes later one of the doctors came back to see me and she told me that Kieran and Dierdre were both apparently fine but Moira had some… lacerations." Tears were beginning to form in his eyes. "She told me that Moira would have to get a few stitches and I could be there when it was done. I went into the treatment room and Moira was upset; she told me they'd had to give her an injection to numb her up. I asked her if she knew how she'd got hurt and she told me she didn't know she'd been hurt. She cried when she was stitched up but she didn't say anything else. They had a few people who talked to her after that; Sergeant Donovan came in and there were some social workers. As far as I know, she said the same thing every time. After they talked to her I asked her again and she said she didn't know and she wanted to go home."
"Year three in school. If you took an instrument you could get out of class every day. I picked the flute because it didn't look like it would break easily."
Lou headed for the stand.  "The prosecution calls Michael Ogbeide."  An usher lead him in.  He wore a new-looking suit and tie that didn't seem to match his grim expression.  Once he had seated himself, Lou said: "Hello."
"I climbed up in the tree for some time.  When I wanted to get down I put my arms out and She picked me up and put me on the ground."  He'd sounded flat before, but a hint of sadness had crept in.  "Then She... put Her hand... down the front of my trousers.  She rubbed and asked how it felt.  I said it felt good.  She asked me if I wanted Her to stop and I said no."  That admission was apparently too much for Sherlock; he pulled himself away from John and curled up at the other end of the couch.
My apologies for the delay in this. My beta appears to have vanished, and I've decided to just post the chapters I have now and clean them up when she gets back to me. I'll try to upload one every few days. edit: Thank you nightsky for backup betaing!
Ella stood and walked over to her desk.  She took a piece of paper and a pen and scribbled something on it.  She turned and presented John with it.  "Here are the names and numbers of a few therapists I know that deal with the aftermath of childhood abuse.  Even if your friend won't talk to them, you can find someone to talk to.  For his sake, I've only listed male therapists."
Guessing that in a roundabout way Sherlock was asking about Phillip, John replied: "Yeah.  She was good on the stand; I'm not sure the defense knew what to do with her."
While he wasn't exactly thrilled when he woke up the next day and remembered he had to go to work, it was at least some sort of distraction.  Sherlock was awake but was curled up on the sofa in what would have appeared to be a sulk if he had not been facing out and staring that blank stare again.  He didn't respond when John said "Morning," and only moved when John put a cup of tea in front of him.  He was slowly sipping from it as John headed out the door.
"Well, she does see a therapist." He looked back at Dr. Dodson before speaking again. "They've agreed to not bring up any of those issues unless she does it. That hasn't happened yet, by the way, but there's been progress."
“Because Moira’s got a father she’s close to and is concerned for his daughter’s welfare?” John guessed.
John hoped Clark would come up to the stand and not Harvey; not only was Clark worse at cross-examination, Harvey knew how to be mean.  Nonetheless, he wasn't surprised when Harvey went up to the stand.  "You work with the police?" she said to Sherlock, not bothering with even one casual question.
"Longitude and latitude!"  Sherlock pulled out his own mobile and began to type furiously.  "John, put the flash drive in your laptop and pull it up in the main computer.  Then enter N 27 E 78."
"An older brother," Sherlock curtly replied, the first time John had seen him even show a hint of the usual way he questioned others with the children in the case.
"The first night I was there, they took me up to the room and that police officer – Sally, I think her name was?  She had tried to talk to me before after I got the stitches, and she tried to talk to me one more time, except me dad wasn't there."  She looked expectantly at Sherlock.
Since John usually woke up early on his own, he was surprised to be woken by a shrill alarm.  He opened his eyes and saw an equally surprised Sherlock staring back at him.  "You should get up," he told John.
With this and a few of the other questions Sherlock asks, he already knows the answer, but if he asks them they will be part of the record.
"I think I'll go back to my - the bedroom."  Sitting in there reading was less stressful than having to interact with someone he hardly knew.  "I might go to bed early."
The rest of the day at work was... odd.  On the one hand it did provide something of a distraction; for long stretches at a time John successfully banished K from his mind.  On the other hand he was still worried about Sherlock.  Every so often, when the feeling bubbled up to the surface, he would ring Mrs. Hudson on some pretense to get her to check on Sherlock upstairs.  While he was pretty sure she was aware of what he was doing, she always accepted his excuses.  She never had much to tell him, of course; she would report back and tell John that Sherlock was pacing around or curled up on the sofa.  After several such reports, he started counting down the time he had left at work and it was a relief when he was finally able to head back home. That itself was a painful reminder of how much K had changed their lives.
In other notes, there should be updates to both No Final Solution and The Ball I Threw While Playing in the Park soon.
"Yes, thank you," Lestrade responded, still looking at the large stuffed bee that Sherlock had tucked under his arm.  "We've also gotten some leads on some of K's former foster children, especially a family of four that lived with her for almost a year eight years ago.  While we all think it's important for Phillip Rodgers and Moira Aherne look through the photographs, it's probably a good idea if we wait on that.  They've been through enough already."
He must have read for hours, because when he finally looked up from the pile of books he noticed it was getting dark outside.  "You didn't even turn the light on?" he heard and turned around to see an older woman with short hair and a patient expression standing at the bedside.  "Goodness, it's airplanes now?  I hope you're not planning on blowing one up."  Martin couldn't tell if she was kidding or not.  He wondered if she was responsible for the Iron Maiden he had heard earlier.
The next thing he knew he was being pushed out of bed.  He quickly got to his feet and looked down at Sherlock, who seemed awake but was clearly not seeing what was going on around him.  Before John could do anything else, Sherlock started to scream.
"That She - nothing important."  He had clearly caught himself mid-sentence in something he didn't want to reveal.
“Yeah,” Phillip replied, and he told the story of K breaking his arm and telling him he was only one of a hundred.  “When I got there the doctor who saw me asked how I’d broken it.  I said I’d been fighting with a friend, wrestling.  She said something and I realized she didn’t believe me and I wanted to run before she rang the police, but my arm needed to be fixed.  The doctor took some x-rays and gave me a shot of something.  After a bit she took the form I had to fill out and asked me if it was true that I was sexually active.  I said it was.  She asked me who it was and I said I didn’t know.  I thought that if she found out about Her I’d get put in jail.  Once they put a cast on my arm the doctor said I could go but right after that she asked me, ‘Did he hurt anyone else besides you?’  I wasn’t really paying attention and I said that I was just one in a hundred.  I realized what I’d said but since the doctor said “he” I figured she wouldn’t be able to find out anything else.”
"If he really was the one abusing her, why did he bring her here?  You stated yourself it was because of something obscene she said, not because he saw any physical injury."  John wanted to cheer Sherlock on but did not.  Still, he couldn't deny there was a certain pleasure in seeing him savage Dr. Arthur's logic.
Phillip nodded.  "Your friend.  The landlady let me in a few minutes ago."  John couldn't help but notice the boy was ghostly pale.
"Sometimes I have to not get angry when she tells me things. We went out with some friends a few days ago. She always just sits there and sips her drink, not saying anything. Anyway, the conversation got a bit raunchy. Someone brought up the topic of anal penetration. She didn't say anything then, but when we walked home she said to me: 'I don't know why anyone would like that myself. It's disgusting.' I realize there's only one way she could know that, because I'm the first person she dated." He sighed.
As soon as John reassured him, "No, you don't," his body sagged in relief. John quickly said, "And just so you know, a relationship with me doesn't have to involve sex."
"With Jennifer never saying who'd done it and Mr. Ogbeide being ruled out, I believe the case was just closed."
"So the two of you haven't spoken since that day in the supermarket?"  Lou smiled slightly, like he knew this would be their trump card.
They slowly hobbled towards the station at about half the speed they had taken to get there.  Since it was still midday very few people were waiting on the platform.  John didn't care who saw him but Sherlock carried the look of the utterly humiliated.  Their timing was right, however, and in five minutes the train back to London showed up.  John sat them both down in the farthest edge of the carriage and let Sherlock have the window seat.  He didn't seem to be looking at anything, though, and just stared sightlessly into the distance.
"Some shelters and some hotels.  There's always a lot of fuss because I need to live in a place with a lift."  He gestured to his wheelchair in a matter-of-fact way.
John wasn’t sure what woke him up.  But it didn’t take him long to figure out Sherlock was in the grip of one of his nightmares.  He looked over at him and saw his eyes were open in a glazed, unfocused way.  He was moaning softly.  Unlike on some of those worse occasions, he wasn’t actually saying anything.  (Some of those one-sided conversations to K still gave John the shivers; not for what he knew, but what he didn’t know.)  The telltale sign, though, was that he had relenquished his grip on Hamish.  Unless he was having a nightmare, Sherlock wouldn’t let go of the bee until he was out of bed.
His three siblings rose to their feet.  They closed in on him and even while he was still seated they managed to form a group hug.  Christine and Dominic returned to their seats after a minute or two, but Martin stayed standing, a hand on his brother’s shoulder.  “What he didn’t know was that She’d told me to do something too.  If I didn’t want him to get the same thing I was supposed to show him the magazine and get him to, well, like She said ‘suck your cock’ when She told me and I was supposed to do anything to make him do it.  I was glad I didn’t have to hold a knife against him or something but then I thought whatever I’d done with Her had made me so bad it even spread to my brother.  It happened a bunch of times.  Not just with Graham, but Dominic too.  Graham and Dominic had to do the same things too.  Even after we left Her house I couldn’t make myself spend time with them, because I knew they hated me for making them have sex with me.”
"Do you have copies of those checks on file?" John broke in.  At the very least it might be something K could be traced from.
"I looked it up online, of course.  No one in this day and age shops for food far away from where they live if they can help it."
"Let me ask you this.  If you had a friend like She was, one who talked to you and spent time with you, but didn't want you to have sex with them, would that be enough?"  Sherlock's voice was soft.
He took his time eating and came back to the courtroom only a few minutes before the session began again.  Phillip was led back up to the stand by the usher.  He still looked pale, but there was a look of determination on his face.
“Possibly. Or that the sex – at least whatever happened recently – was at some point not consensual.”  He wasn’t sure where this might be going, and if it lead into something more personal (what he had mentally dubbed the incident with the bee) it was important to weigh his words carefully.  Thankfully, his mobile rang at that moment and he retreated to the kitchen.
"They had decidedly mixed emotions," Victor said, his lips forming a straight line.  "They both thought he was intelligent and could do a great deal in a good university some day.  My mother engaged his intellectual side much more easily; my father's area of study wasn't of a lot of concern to him.  They also both thought he was too serious.  My father even asked me at one point if I knew his mother.  I said I didn't, because I'd really only seen her the one time, but the way he asked it sounded like his real question was if I knew Sherlock was being mistreated at home."
Once again John was impressed with the way Sherlock was handling this.  Normally he'd demand the person get to the point, but now he understood Phillip needed time.  "You can tell me," he said, putting his hand back on his shoulder.
"He left about an hour ago." Mrs. Hudson's voice came up from the stairwell. She entered the room and said "Took off like the hounds of hell were at his feet. Poor dear, I saw the headlines." He hoped Sherlock was off to Phillip's house, to comfort him, but he knew perfectly well where he had gone.
Mrs. Hudson greeted him at the door.  "He just got in a little while ago.  I know you said to ring you when he came in, but I said that he should say something himself."
Lou then looked at his watch.  John did the same and realized there was only an hour to go before the session ended.  “On Thursday, February 17, you didn’t go to school.”
She stopped in front of him and pulled a piece of paper out of her pocket.  It was folded in half and had "To Mr. Holmes" written on it.  "You can open it if you want," she said.  He took the note and opened it.  The note said "ThANK YOU" with the first two letters in a box and after the A all the remaining letters had their own box.  John took a second look at it and realized Moira had written it with abbreviations from the periodic table, complete with atomic numbers.  "I had to cheat a little, because there's no A all by itself, or an An element," Moira explained.
"If I do they're not aware of me. My mother drank and I was taken into care when I was small. Either no one could take me or no one was able to. Nora was in care because she was abandoned when she was an infant."
John knew he was right, but he also had a nagging feeling that if there really was a dangerous predator on the loose with at least thirty victims NSY needed all the help they could get, Sherlock included. He'd never even seen Sherlock question a child before, so there was no past experience to rely on.
"Your, um, friend?" From the way Tammy said it she clearly was unsure of what Sherlock's relation to John was.
"It's true," said Mr. Rodgers after a moment.  "I've wanted to see you but your mother said you didn't want to see me."
"No. It would have happened anyway." Sherlock sounded like he didn't quite believe that. Of course it was probably the truth, and he knew that factually, but he hadn't convinced his feelings otherwise.
Mr. Aherne arrived twenty minutes later with all three of his children in tow.  John was reminded of his comment that he'd sleep with a knife in his hands before letting K get at his daughter again.  He must have looked surprised, because Mr. Aherne said,  "I'm not leaving them with anyone else again.  Not for a long time," as he came through the doorway.  Moira was right behind him, clutching her bear.  Her whole face lit up when she saw Sherlock, and she came to stand right next to his chair.
"I'm not leaving," John said.  He took a guess as to what Sherlock meant and added, "Are you going to slash up your bed sheets again?"
"A few times a week at first.  But after a year or so I was spending almost every day there, at least when my brother wasn't at home."
"I rang Sarah and she's going to give my number to Dr. Arthur, so he can get in touch with us," he tried this time.  Still no response, and John felt a twinge of unease.  "Sherlock?" Nothing. "You don't have to do this all at once,” he added.  "You're allowed to take a few days off."
"Do you have a medical condition that requires you to use a wheelchair?"  It seemed obvious what the answer was, but from the look on the boy's face John could tell he knew what was coming and that Susan was trying to ease into the subject.
The first time John woke up was when he heard noise coming from downstairs.  It sounded like a howl of pain.  He blinked in the early light of dawn and he listened further.  He suspected that it was Sherlock, and headed downstairs.  It could just be a nightmare, but even if it was one it was a bad one.
"Someone's bound to eat your share," Lou cheerfully responded as they all headed into the courthouse.  "Susan's running a bit late, I'm sorry to say."  He led them into the room that they usually used in the morning.  "Coffee or cocoa?" he asked once everyone had sat down.
"Is this the drawing?" Susan held it up to Mrs. Murray, and then to the jury.  John could only vaguely make out what it was; he saw what looked like a woman and an infant lying on a bed while a boy with big blue tears floated above them.
Sherlock made a noise of acknowledgement. "Agra doesn't appear to have a formal date of foundation.  It was first mentioned in 1080."
Sherlock knew he wasn't in the same place he'd fallen asleep in before he even opened his eyes.  The room smelled like stale cigarette smoke and pesticide.  The mattress was lumpy and uneven.  And furthermore, the amount of heat that the person next to him was generating indicated whoever it was was far bigger than John.  He kept his eyes shut for another thirty seconds, trying to figure out as much as he could about his surroundings without them.  The smell and the mattress indicated a cheap hotel, if one that wasn't in the business of unrespectable guests (none of those hotels would have bothered to spray for bugs).  The person next to him was a large man, sleeping on his side.  He seemed accustomed to sharing a bed with someone, possibly through travel but more likely through romantic relationships.  Not enough information to indicate which of the two had been present before Sherlock had replaced his bed mate.
When the prompt on the kink meme struck me, I decided to stay anon at first. I wasn't sure if I'd complete the story at all or even get past a few parts, so I felt that if I did that there'd be less expectation.
Although he probably hadn’t intended it, the man had brought up a good point.  Apparently he was in a most literal body-swap situation – whatever the other man had brought to the table was gone.  It was something to investigate, at least.
“I got the watermelon!”  The man’s face was broken by a grin, flushed from the way he barreled out into the garden.  “Let’s try!”  He led them both over to the climbing frame, the dog trailing at their feet.  He held a slice of the watermelon on the other side of one of the lowest bars.  The dog dove at the watermelon, and in the process jumped over the lowest bar.  “What a good girl!”
On Saturday afternoon John, Sherlock, and Lestrade journeyed to the Aherne's flat once more.  Lestrade had come along to show Mr. Aherne some of the more recent photographs, both so he could positively identify any of his daughter and in the faint hope that he might be able to identify some of the other children.  All three of them were silent for the whole trip, which was a blessing.
"She gave me her mobile number and said we could discuss the rest later.  She put a few twenty-pound notes on the table and left."
"You're not even getting angry at the right person.  It should be her you're furious at, not yourself."  He knew that for Sherlock this was more than just anger at what had happened.  Obviously he had difficulty reconciling his own physical responses with the fact John kept telling him he was not to blame.  It was shame, really, shame at the fact his body continued to show he was not in control.  She had convinced him that he was at fault and all this did was confirm that.
He was almost out the door before she spoke again.  "One more thing.  Even if your flatmate won't talk to a therapist, at least be willing to listen to him if he ever tries to talk to you about the abuse.  Breaking the silence is usually the hardest part."  He flushed - of course she'd known he was talking about Sherlock the whole time - but nodded in understanding before leaving.
"Then it's great that Snoopadoop likes you!  She likes everyone, though.  Except Mum when she tries to trim her nails."
"Oh."  John took in a sharp breath.  It made sense from the prosecution's perspective, of course.  Considering the defense was keen to blame Sherlock any interaction between him and a witness might jeopardize the case.  But it was also very clear that both Phillip and Sherlock benefited from their friendship.  Sherlock was essentially Phillip's first friend, and Phillip looked up to him.  Their shared experiences and mutual love of music cemented it.  "That's going to be hard on him.  He admires you."  If he phrased his concern as being about Phillip it might be easier for Sherlock to digest.
"That'd be great, thanks."  She hustled him into her kitchen and put on the kettle.  John sat down in the nearest chair, suddenly feeling exhausted.  "I suppose this means she's not going to get life."
Sherlock spent most of the trip back to wherever the man lived looking out the window. It wasn't normally something he did, but he'd never been in this place before, and he wanted to learn something about it. From what he saw it seemed to be a place based around the airport there; he didn't see anything else that looked like an industry.
"He was on a walk with this small blond woman.  I was in the garden, playing with one of the bull terriers my family kept then, and they walked right past our house.  I didn't know that was his mother then, but I heard her say that he'd been writing his brother at school again and it was selfish to ask him to come back home and at least he was making something of himself.  She went on about how he didn't show any respect to anyone except... Then she noticed that someone was nearby and stopped talking.  She glared at me.  He met my eyes for a second and all I saw in them was despair.  After that I decided someone needed to try to be his friend."
To his surprise, Sherlock hadn't just left him behind and was standing at the end of the hall. "Was any of that useful? I'll admit I was wrong about you being too abrasive, but it didn't seem like you got anything to help catch the guy who did this." John wasn't sure if that was the right thing to say, but it came out before he could think about it.
"You'd think at some point we'd stop being surprised."  She clearly wanted to say more, but the office door opened and Sherlock came out.
"Well, one of them was an elderly couple.  The wife died and the husband moved to assisted housing right after I started there.  Two others were in the process of moving out at the time.  They put their keys in my mail slot, since all the paperwork was done, and that was that.  And of course there was the mystery tenant in 102."
He always signed his emails with that, more to reassure himself about the friendship than anything else. Sherlock knew he needed the contact, but also didn't want to seem as desperately alone as he still felt. He hadn't even mentioned his birthday, also in January, because -
"What happened when Mycroft found out about that?" There were seven years between the brothers, and John figured at that point Mycroft would have been at university, but he did seem to care for his brother and would keep up with how he was at home. And of course Mycroft had apparently given him the bee. He was met with silence, and after a minute it slowly dawned on him. "Is that how he upset your mother?" John well knew that Mycroft on the warpath was not someone to be ignored. Considering the fact both brothers didn't talk about their family, he assumed it had ended badly.
"Not until you're calmed down," John stated calmly.  "But if you're really determined to tear those sheets to shreds, wouldn't it be better to use a pair of scissors?"
“He said he was DI Lestrade and that he wanted to ask me about my arm getting broken.  I didn’t tell him.  I didn’t say anything.  Then a few minutes later two other men came in and he told them who I was.  One of them, his name’s Sherlock Holmes, mentioned which arm I’d broken, when I hadn’t told him, and he said I played one of the woodwinds.  Which I do, the flute.  The DI left with some other men and I was alone in the room with him.  He put a tape recorder out and we started talking.”
It turned out that he didn't have to say anything at all, as Sherlock was still sequestered in his room and hadn't left since they had arrived back home. He set out with a vague feeling of unease. While John had a lot of questions, he wasn't sure he wanted to know the answers to many of them. However, he had little time to be lost in thought, as a car pulled up next to him and the window rolled down. "John," said Mycroft. "Lovely to see you. You signed your last message with 'JH'; have you eloped with my brother?"
"If you want to keep coming here you'll have to participate, but just listening for a meeting or two is perfectly fine," Dr. Dodson said. John nodded, too overwhelmed to say anything. "Does anyone have something they want to bring up first?" he continued.
"Correct.  However there still might be legal issues.  His mother's position has been that Phillip is not interested in a relationship with his father."  Sherlock's tone made it clear what he thought of that argument.  "Undoubtedly by this weekend I will have more information."
Just like the previous day, Judge Foster slammed down his gavel. "The time is now six in the evening and the court is dismissed for the day.  We shall begin session Monday at nine AM."
For his part, John couldn't believe that he'd actually stepped in the crumbling squat that the kid with the red hair had lead him to.  But he really had no choice.  Before he'd even gotten in the door earlier that evening, Mrs. Hudson had greeted him with "You have a client waiting upstairs."
"Are you going to question any of the children treated there?"  Sherlock seemed all business.  Knowing how much anxiety even mentioning K usually provoked in him, John wasn't sure whether to admire or shake his head about Sherlock's ability to shut off whatever he was feeling.
Up until this point everyone had sat in silence to listen to the tape. Lestrade broke the silence by blurting out, "What does the poor boy think he did that he'll be arrested for?" Sherlock glared at him sharply in response, and he said no more.
He went up the stairs and opened the door. Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa, still in pajamas, using his stuffed bee Hamish as a pillow. This made John sigh with relief; if he had recently gotten high on cocaine he wouldn't be calmly lying on the sofa.
"One of the victims."  Sherlock used the term as if he wasn't sure if he was allowed to call any of the victims by name.
"I said what if I told the doctor there what happened.  You know, that She'd done it and what happened after.  But She just laughed and said She'd say She'd been fighting me off and who would they believe, me or Her?  And I knew that She was right and if I hadn't been so greedy I wouldn't have gotten hurt."  Phillip sounded resigned.  "I figured if they found out the truth I'd get arrested so I just told Her I'd say I'd been wrestling.  Then I shut my eyes again and we left the flat and She dropped me off at the front of Bart's."  He paused.  "Now you know the whole story."
Sherlock slumped a little and moved the bee to his lap.  Seemingly unconsciously, he wrapped his arms around it and pulled it to his chest.  "All right," he said in a childlike whisper.
"He couldn't have done much himself," said Dr. Dodson. "In those days it was hard enough for most people to wrap their minds around the idea of incest, much less the idea the perpetrator could be a woman."
"Then who's everyone here for?" As soon as he said it John knew it sounded idiotic, but there was no way to take it back.
"We're planning a proper honeymoon." He grinned. "All over Europe. She's never been to the actual continent before."
"Hugless... Douglas?"  Sherlock repeated.  He wondered if this was a bit of popular culture that had slipped him by, something that didn't exist in his universe, or something else entirely.
"I'll explain it to you later." He shuffled away and Sherlock returned his gaze to the front of the plane.
I've thought a lot about whether to post this or not. At first I thought the people affected most by it would be bothered by it, but I've asked a few of them and they've all encouraged me to post this. It's not the sort of thing most people read this blog for, I know, but it's important.
John was certainly curious about what Lestrade had to say to Sherlock, but he also knew that if it was confidential enough to make him leave the room it wasn't something he was ever going to learn.  He also expected a silent cab ride home and when Sherlock said, "Lestrade wanted to know if I would be taking cases from the Yard during Her trial," it took a few seconds for it to register.
From Phillip's perspective it looked like Sherlock was just making some hand gesture, but John knew it was a warning to not come downstairs.  John knew that Phillip trusted Sherlock in a way he didn't trust anyone else, and if he were to make his presence known Phillip would likely clam up.  He gestured up the stairs in response, silently asking if he should go back upstairs.  Sherlock gave a very slight shake of his head.  He wanted John to at least hear what they were saying, at any rate.
"She asked if we could talk again once she was out of the hospital, and her father was willing to allow that." He gave a smug grin and John felt momentarily relieved that he was apparently back to his normal self. While it had been good to see Sherlock was able to question a child about sensitive subjects it had also been somewhat surreal. He never bothered to try to get along with anyone before, so what made this situation different? Maybe he was one of those people who didn't consider children part of the human race, bad from most people but from Sherlock that would be a twisted compliment. "Now, what are you doing here? Have you come to question the child again and in the process get various forms of denial and stonewalling? That's all you'll ever get, by the way."
Once everything was in the wash John headed to the kitchen.  He hoped that there was still some vanilla ice cream and was delighted to see that half a carton remained.  He spooned it into a bowl and came back into the sitting room.  He sat down next to him and handed him the bowl.  "This'll make you feel better," he told Sherlock.  "Tiny bites."
“No,” Graham said firmly.  “Right now, I need to say the worst bit.  Before I lose my nerve.”  Christina looked back at him in confusion but both of his brothers paled further and Martin put the ski cap that he was holding in his hands on his head again.  “Because, you know, I didn’t tell anyone about what happened until Angus was born.  Then I said something to Gloria and she said ‘You know that’s sexual abuse, right?’  I told her, ‘No,’ and we talked all night about it.  A few days later, when Angus came home from hospital, Christine, Dominic, and Martin came to our flat to meet him.  All four of us talked by ourselves.  Cause you know, we all thought we were the only one that She had been interested in and that the others were okay.  I hadn’t even told the rehab counselors about it.  Before they came over I had thought I’d apologize to Dominic and Martin.  But they wanted to apologize to me, too.  The three of us hugged and we cried.  None of us had to say anything because we all knew what we meant by apologize.”
"Thanks for breakfast," John told them as he left the room and walked down the hall to the other door.  He opened it slowly and saw that a row had already been filled with people.  The way they chatted amongst themselves indicated they all knew each other. This apparently was what the buffalo looked like.  None of them looked at him as he settled himself into one of the middle benches, next to the aisle.  They didn't seem to notice he was there at all until he coughed very audibly.  Only then did they look back at him, then began talking among themselves again.  He heard one say, "Who is he?" but the others were smart enough to not speak loudly.
He looked like he was about to go on, but at that moment Judge Foster banged his gavel and said "The court will adjourn for one hour."  John left the courtroom with the others, but instead of leaving or even going to the cafeteria he just sat down on a bench outside the room for the whole time.  He didn't feel hungry in the slightest.  When other people headed back into the courtroom, he joined them.
"Have you been on any dates since your wife died?"  John couldn't tell if this was connected to Harvey's previous statements or if she had just changed tactics.
"Yes, I do.  Edwin was the one who told me about Sherlock.  He said: 'That boy was using drugs because they killed the pain,' and while he never said what the pain was I could figure it out.  Even then he never went out with anyone, never made any friends, kept everything to himself.  None of that would bother me, but he didn't seem happy with that.  Just not able to reach for it."  Mrs. Hudson looked up at the ceiling.  "I think I just heard someone come down the stairs.  One more thing, John.  I know you're willing to help Sherlock fight those demons.  Just make sure he does what he feels comfortable with, not what he's willing to do for you."
"So your toy was taken away forever?" To John, that seemed cruel, but without any knowledge of the circumstances it was difficult to draw a conclusion.
"Nora didn't have any family.  She was found in a pub loo when she was an infant," Mr. Aherne explained.
Unfortunately that was the last thing he said for the entire morning, and he was even silent when they took a cab to the Aherne's flat. Sherlock stared out the window, but he was clearly not focusing on anything. John was suddenly glad he'd had a large dinner; this was the type of day that required a lot of fuel. After they disembarked from the cab and knocked on the Aherne's door, John noticed that Sherlock's hands were clenched into fists. He'd never done that before and John wasn't sure what to make of it.
"No," he said simply. "There were several people who had lived in the immediate area for some time, and several also moved around the time of our mother's death. Sherlock insisted he had no idea what she was talking about. Our relationship has been so strained for so long I have never asked further. That is why that bee is my greatest failure."
Graham must have given some sort of indication he was through speaking, because the man to the right of him said, "Guess it's my turn now."  He ran a hand over his matted hair.  "Dominic and Graham used to tease me some because I was the youngest.  'Martin's the baby,' they'd say, like I was years younger than them.  But they didn't mean anything bad by it."  He quickly glanced over at his brothers before speaking again.  "Right away She said I was special because I was the youngest.  I liked that.  She said She'd been the youngest, too.  A few weeks after we moved into Her house I got the cough Dominic had except it was worse.  I was in hospital for a long time after I was born and I had problems with my lungs.  So I stayed home from school with Her.  She had said She worked at a place in London but She said She'd stay home with me that day.  Said that us youngest had to stick together, and She could take care of me.  I even got to spend the day in Her bed.  I thought I'd finally have the telly to myself but I fell asleep again after the others went to school.  When I woke up She was lying in bed with me.  Said that She just wanted a rest.  She put Her hand on my forehead and asked if my head hurt.  It did and I said it did, so She started rubbing the top of it.  She asked if I felt better and I said I did, even though it was the same.  I just liked Her hand on me.  Then She asked me if my stomach ached, and that did too, so I told Her that, and She rubbed circles on my belly.  It felt nice even if my stomach still hurt.  After a bit I was half-asleep and She was still rubbing.  Then She went lower.  I kept my eyes shut.  I didn’t want Her to leave or stop touching me, even if it felt weird.  I must have fallen asleep for real at some point because the next thing I remember is waking up alone.”  He shut his eyes.
"I didn't say it was a credible defense."  Lestrade lay the file in front of them.  "What I think she and her solicitors are trying to do is throw out as many alternate explanations as possible to confuse the jurors.  Remember, before they see any of the evidence they'll see a nice, kind older woman.  That alone is going to make them skeptical.  Throw in that none of the supposed victims have talked before now and the fact they only did so when Sherlock talked to them and you have enough to make them doubt."
and the voice of a child reciting German numbers.  However, if you were paying attention, you would have noted that this station uses groups of four numbers.  The more well-known G2 station uses groups of five.”
He shook his head.  "I didn't.  I remember some man talking to me, and I think he asked if I was all right.  I understood enough of what he said to try to answer but I just slurred something like before.  He got out his mobile then.  I think he called 999 because an ambulance came and took me to the hospital."
Was there a mystery involved anywhere?  He skimmed the next parts until he got to a particularly gruesome murder scene.  (Book-Lestrade was clearly not much like the one he knew; he wouldn't win any prizes for looks, but he certainly didn't look rat-faced.)  It wasn't until he got to the word "Rache" on the wall that it dawned on him this was essentially the same case as the woman in pink if it had been a hundred years earlier.  He skimmed straight down to the end to confirm it was indeed a cabbie.  The motivation couldn't have been the same at a time when divorce was rare, but when he went back up to see if a motive was given, Sherlock was treated to a long spiel about Mormons in the US he couldn't make himself finish.
"What led to the execution?"  He wasn't sure whether she was deliberately avoiding the point or if she just felt all this information was needed.
"Thank you," Mr. Rodgers said before leaving quietly with his son.  Sherlock slumped down in his chair once they were out of sight.
When John was ready to go to bed himself, he knocked on Sherlock's door.  He got a wordless noise that indicated he could come in.  "Do you want me here tonight?" he asked once he was inside.  Sherlock wasn't sleeping but lying on his back with Hamish next to him.  To John's surprise, Sherlock nodded, and John left to get ready for bed.  He came back a few minutes later, turned off the lights, and crawled in.
"His name is Rory. He's a bullmastiff and he's real big and strong." Moira's voice glowed with pride. "He likes me best. He sleeps in my room."
"No.  I observed several things about her and deduced that."  Sherlock was now closer to his normal self, obviously more relaxed.  "Her father hadn't done it - she initiated affection with him because she knew he wouldn't do anything she didn't want.  She had a family picture there to remind herself that her family would be harmed if she said anything."
I liked using this little bit to show a more "normal" Sherlock, the one that wasn't going to be in the story much. (Cow organs are commonly dissected in high school biology classes, so that's probably how Molly got them.)
He couldn't think of a single thing he would want to watch.  "No, but thanks."  Maybe he should just go to bed early.  For all he knew they'd switch back when they slept again and it'd just be another story Arthur would love to repeat but no one would ever believe was true.
John's laptop was nowhere in sight, so he reached for his own. He looked foward to Phillip's emails almost as much as a case. They'd bonded in a way that he hadn't expected. Phillip trusted him and was always at his most open with Sherlock, asking questions that even -
"Sherlock! You can't just walk in there and start questioning her! Anyway, it's a Saturday, and I imagine her family will be there most of the day." John wished he hadn't brought the subject up. He couldn't imagine how Moira would feel being questioned by someone who never bothered with typical social niceties.
I can't say much about K, as one of her victims called her to avoid revealing her name. I can admit that the Yard and almost everyone investigating the case made one wrong assumption - she was a he. Only Sherlock didn't and if it wasn't for that there'd have been no conviction. I don't feel particularly sorry for her, but her victims had mixed feelings about the result. They all were lonely and looking for a friend, and found one. But the price...
"Had She taken pictures before?"  John found it eerie that both of them were putting capital letters into the same words.  But of course they both understood the need for them.
Sherlock read. Phillip never addressed him as anything. "Mr. Holmes" or even "Holmes" seemed too formal, but he also shied away from the informal nature of "Sherlock." Sherlock didn't care; anything that made him more comfortable was a good thing.
"I don't think She knew, but She always knew everything else about me, so She probably knew that too." Phillip took a deep breath and added: "She did know about the other bit. Except She said I wasn't really thinking about Her but the other kids that were sometimes there. It wasn't true, it wasn't, but She said it so many times. Like with all the things She said about how I'd hurt other people if She wasn't there, and I know I started it with Her and even if I didn't I kept going back."
"So you haven't figured out who the man is by some mark on the girl's shoes or something?" Lestrade snapped. There was a slight pause before he shook his head, looking abashed. "No, I'm sorry, that was uncalled for. Cases like this are always upsetting."
"Of course I will. I'd like to talk to you again. Next time I would like to have my friend John here when we talk. Do you mind that?"
"Lesson would be good.  We haven't had one since before Jason showed up," said Eli.  Mari, Tammy, Peter, and Gloria nodded.
"Jennifer Ogbeide-Bena will testify today. And Sagnik Malakar."  Sherlock sounded calmer than he had been in days.  John suspected this had to do with the fact he hadn't met either victim that would be testifying that day.
When the music stopped, he expected some sort of recorded message, but what happened next could only be called bizarre.  A voice cried “Atchung!” and another voice began.  It sounded like a child, spitting out a string of numbers in rapid-fire German.  John stayed confused for several seconds more before a memory of Harry’s one-time craze for shortwave radio.
Once Sherlock disconnected, John went back to the site.  He started to read it out loud, not seeing anything wrong at first.  "A person commits rape of a child under thirteen if he intentionally penetrates the vagina, anus or mouth of another person with his penis, and the person is under thirteen."  He paused.  "Oh."
"Not at first."  If it hadn't been for the microphone there, John was sure no one would have heard her.
Of course, Sherlock didn't always go to bed.  John still spent nights in his room  when Sherlock spent the night pacing around downstairs, or vanished for whatever reason.  The closer the trial got the more he seemed to do that, to the point where John only saw him sleep twice a week or so.  He wondered if it was the same problem that led to the shredded bedsheets, and unobtrusively bought a pile of identical ones that he left in Sherlock's closet, but John didn't check to see if they'd been used.  He figured that Sherlock needed some privacy about that.  It was the same reason he left Sherlock alone to get dressed for bed.  John knew that Sherlock had only started to wear clothes when he slept because of John being there, and that way he didn't have to make a big deal out of it.
"You said that you weren't telling the truth when you couldn't think of someone who had done it.  Who did you think had done it?"
"No. There's a flat I've been to but I don't think anyone lives there. Not a lot of furniture and it's too clean."
"Not like that."  John came back into the room, a woman with long brown hair at his side.  "Sherlock's... not here."
Dr. Dodson didn't seem to be bothered by his question. "With males I treat? I'd say almost eighty percent." John must have looked surprised, because he followed that with, "It's more common than you think. In this group it's half. Eli and Gloria both have a spouse in that category."
He'd never be able to eat if he thought about that. He shoved those thoughts away and made his way to the kitchen. He'd eat a few bites, but space them out. When he got there and sat down to eat, John didn't say anything. Usually if Sherlock sequestered himself in his room he would at least ask "Is everything all right?" Not that he got a response from Sherlock very often, but he asked. In fact, John looked uncomfortable. Was he finally sick of Sherlock's company? Everyone else got tired of it, and didn't stay even if you begged. Hearing about all those things he'd done with Her couldn't have helped matters.
"I heard someone say that you could do that.  And with steak and a nail, so I got all three and I'm putting them in different liquids to see what's left."
He shook his head.  "No.  Mum never gave me pocket money.  Sometimes She'd give me some bills, but -"  He stopped himself.
"Not just that.  I want to know what my father did in India.  I want to know what made him so paranoid.  Just that information won't solve anything without knowing the answers to both those questions."
"The one with the one-way mirror?" Sherlock said.  "Yes, we can get there without any trouble."  He was clearly trying to sound confident, but there was a distinct undercurrent of anxiety. John decided it was best to take the lead here and got up to leave first.
“Mr. D was married with three children.  One of them was in Sherlock’s class at school, and had made overtures of friendship to him.  In addition, Mr. D was a former police officer.  I know that at the very least they talked about the Carl Powers case together.  The circumstances under which he had left the police force were not clearly defined.  When the family moved, it was in the middle of the school year.  Their children were not enrolled in a new school for some time, as there was no spaces in the new area.”
John was suddenly reminded of Irene Adler's old phone.  "Maybe we should just enter 'Agra' all on its own?"
"I felt it would be useful. He would be able to fit any interviews in on his own time. He wants to be treated like an adult." Sherlock was back to sounding businesslike and detached.
"How were the other victims brought to your attention?" At this point John realized that that flat repressed anger he'd seen in Sherlock when he'd told him about Moira was back. Perhaps less repressed, if the shaking of his hands were any indication.
Jennifer sang in a high childish voice: "'Ride a cock-horse to Banbury Cross, to see a young lady on a white horse.  With rings on her fingers and bells on her toes, she will have music wherever she goes.'  She said I was a clever girl since I knew all the words."
"I said I was investigated," he said helplessly in response.  "How much more do you want me to say?"
"Yes, I know you did. But how did you get cut?" He suspected at this point he wasn't going to get any further than anyone else did.
"Little things.  A few colored pencils on the floor, the sheets on the bed smelling like they'd been just washed, bottles of squash and lemonade, biscuit wrappers."  She paused.  "But nothing that indicated anyone lived there for a long period of time.  The fridge rarely had anything in it.  There was no microwave or kettle, no toaster."
That was apparently the wrong thing to say, as Sherlock rose out of the chair with a look of fury.  "You think it's funny, don't you!"
"No, and the court has been lax about enforcing his visitation as such.  He pays child support in addition to his son's mobile."
"That's good," Sherlock responded.  He got up out of the chair.  "Do you know why you had to come down here today?"
"Um," John managed to say, at a loss.  "No," he finally added.  "His brother told me something."  He didn't feel right discussing all of this without Sherlock's permission, even if Lestrade knew from the interview with Phillip what had happened to him.
"And there's more." Peter used the same tone he had before. John knew that he and his wife had intimacy issues and hadn't actually had sex, but he hadn't thought of their situations as similar.
The walk seemed twice as long as it normally would be.  Sherlock didn't seem like he was looking forward to the meal, but he didn't seem to be concerned about it.  He seemed more resigned.
Thomas fidgeted a little, and his legs spasmed again as he did so.  "Mum and Dad took me there early.  I got out of school early for it.  When She came into the waiting room She asked them if it'd be okay if She saw me by myself and Mum said that was fine.  Mum had Blessing with her since she was so little then.  So She led me back into one of the exam rooms and lifted me out of my chair and on to one of those tables with paper on them."  His left arm twitched.
As I said in the previous chapter, originally I was simply going to have Sherlock show up at the hospital. John would wake up, find out he wasn't there, and race over to the hospital and Moira's room. That didn't seem to work right, so I just had him give in.
Harvey didn't seem discouraged by his show of confidence.  She frowned.  "The same reasoning you used to not report what Phillip Rodgers said when he seemed convinced that you would arrest him?"
The part where John assumes. Sherlock notices this and right away starts to think that the problem isn't the hold on them (although there must be a big one) but that everyone else is assuming.  I'll also note here that although fifteen different victims are eventually named in the trial, only three of those are part of the original thirty that started the case.  No one else was able to come forward out of them, and a bunch of different people did. The real number is probably close to hundreds.  Out of them, there's probably three or four long term victims at any given time, those groomed and trained like Sherlock and Phillip.
Mr. Aherne fortunately understood what Sherlock was asking without the need for elaboration.  "That it was a woman?  I hadn't ruled it out.  I was in care as a child, you know, and back then that sort of thing wasn't a reason other children came in very often.  But they talked.  Not always to the carers, but to other children.  Mums, dads, sometimes both.  It made me think I was lucky.  Nora told me the same thing, and she heard stories like that too."  He nodded at Sherlock and stepped up to his daughters.  "Let's go get those ice creams now."  Moira removed a hand from her bear and took her father's other hand.  The four of them walked out into the hall, forming a small, touching moment of a family cracked, but ready to take steps to heal.
John did not get drunk.  He read a few chapters of a book and went to bed.  He slept restlessly until early the next morning, when he crept downstairs only to be faced with Mrs. Hudson.  She held up the morning's paper.  K's picture was on the front, with the headline, "Is This A Bird of Prey?" in bold above it.
"Wait. What are we going to do with him?" The large man pointed at Sherlock with a look of distaste.
Harvey took a step back and looked at Phillip.  John could guess where she was trying to go - if K really was sexually attracted to children, it would seem odd if she wanted to marry one as an adult.  Of course, she could easily be lying, and even if she wasn't John suspected that her desire to do so had nothing to do with sexual attraction and everything to do with having someone who would do anything she asked.  "You must like her a lot to want to marry her, then," she said.
The whole time this was going on, Sherlock stood back.  He didn't say anything until they separated, still looking each other in the eye.  "I know that Mr. Rodgers doesn't live in London, but he has a hotel room for the hearing on Monday.  Take Phillip with you.  I'll ring some people that will help."
"You do know that this person is guilty of another crime besides breaking your arm." He sounded gentle and warm.
"Regardless of who was responsible, you can see the effect on him. He really had no friends prior to you. You know about his past drug use and you have seen his neglect of his own well-being. I assume he is trying to bury the past with this case of the serial perpetrator." The car stopped at that point. "We are back at Baker Street now. I hope this conversation has been helpful."
"You want some help getting up there?" he asked.  If it wasn't for the fact John had kept an eye on him for most of the day, he'd wonder if Sherlock hadn't taken something.  He nodded and John offered his arm.  While Sherlock managed to unfold himself easily enough, he seemed to have difficulty getting up and only by taking John's hand and John pulling was he able to stand upright.  Just like the day before, the two of them slowly went into his room.  "Music?" John asked and Sherlock shook his head in response.  He sat down on the bed and took off his coat.  After that he just sat there and John figured that was his cue to leave.  He went back downstairs for fifteen minutes or so, putting a few things away.  Since he couldn't hear anything upstairs, he decided to at least check on him and to his surprise Sherlock was fast asleep and buried under a mound of covers.
This wasn't what Martin wanted to hear.  "I was sleeping," he said, like that would create an answer even though John knew it already.
“Yeah.  It was a receipt from a supermarket, and it was one of those with those savings cards. Her name and address was on it.  I knew Her name but not where She lived.”  He went on to tell the same story he’d told Sherlock about remembering Jennifer and wanting her to be safe.  “I knew he was looking for a place to find Her and if I gave it to him he’d help.”
"I would go so far to say that not only was he a spy as well he was most likely killed because he was looking into this case.  That is probably why her father was so desperate to save the information."  He closed the laptop.  "Trying to get into the flash drive now is having no effect.  We should look into other parts of the case."
With Her it was a little different, of course. She had squash and biscuits and ice creams, and things he never had at home, like spaghetti hoops and and hot dogs. He'd liked those, once. And She'd always seemed pleased when he cleaned his plate.
“Yes.”  His eyes darkened.  “I am sure you recently saw the news headlines about someone we both know.  It may interest you to learn that several jurors, before the trial, received inheritances from recently deceased relatives.”
"Please remember that K is a wealthy individual.  She could easily buy hard drives, or even whole systems, and smash or otherwise destroy them before anyone could find them, on a regular basis." Sherlock deliberately stared at Lestrade as he said this.  "I doubt if you found any of those items they would be of use, but a look at her credit card bills may prove helpful in that regard."
"So he's not away from home a lot." When Sherlock got another shake of the head in response, he went on. "Did he bring you to the hospital?"
As soon as he walked through the door, Mrs. Hudson called out "I didn't expect you home this early."  She headed into the hall, looking anxious.  "Sherlock rang me to say his testimony was over and not to expect him tonight."
"I'm glad that your friend appreciated that bee," Mr. Aherne told John.  "I told Moira he was a bit too old for a toy, but she looked at me and said 'His got taken away when he was little and he didn't do anything wrong,' and after that I was putty in her hands."
"Yes I do.  Let's go," John said and once again led the way.  Sherlock followed but appeared lost in thought, like he was in the midst of yet another deduction.  Hopefully he wasn't so lost that he wouldn't question Dr. Arthur, since John had no idea what he should ask the man.
"What?"  Lou leaned towards the judge's stand.  He looked very tired all of a sudden and John suddenly realized the impact the trial had on him.
"Control.  She relishes the control it gives Her over him.  That way She controls his body, his friends, his mind, and even his sense of location."  He sounded fatigued.
This is the beginning of Lestrade's awkwardness with Sherlock. Some of it at first is from fear the investigation will go badly, but as the story progresses it's from what he finds out.  Lestrade thinks he's intruded on Sherlock's privacy to know what he learns, even unintetionally, so he begins to avoid talking to him directly.
For the first time Thomas looked down.  After a few moments of silence he said: "Yeah.  Once a month.  Make sure all my muscles and bones are in place."
"I'm aware of that," Lestrade said.  "She just walked into the Yard a few months ago and started to talk.  We got a translator and she said her piece.  There was a missing report filed on her a while back, which we closed." He paused.  "You won't know any of the other victims' names, since all of them were interviewed after the two of you were taken off."
John himself could think of a few memories from when he was three; Phillip probably had a few himself.  In fact, you could see the beginning of recognition in his eyes. "The music stand.  It was as big as me," Phillip came up with.
“Phillip,” he said as he put it to his ear.  “No, you didn’t wake me up.  I told you before I don’t sleep much.”  He started walking down the hall, away from the office.
"And you both became upset when you didn't get it?"  Sherlock nodded, still not understanding, but John had a horrible realization what Harvey was trying to get at.  Just like she had implied that Phillip had really broken his arm because K had fought back his unwanted advances, she was going to imply that what Sherlock had told Victor Trevor was for a similar reason.
"Nothing in particular.  I asked her some questions and tried not to put an answer in her mouth."  Sherlock seemed calmer now, probably because he was being asked about his work rather than himself.
Lestrade met them in front of the Yard, holding a sheaf of papers.  "This is a complete list of the children K has fostered," he said by way of explanation, before leading them into the building.  John couldn't help but notice that everyone, even the Yarders, seemed reluctant to call her anything but K.  "We've been ringing them in bits and pieces.  Unfortunately, none of the others have been willing to talk."
"He found out because someone else told their mother." John was uncomfortably aware that everyone's eyes were now on him.
"No.  She didn't even give me her first name.  She called herself Mrs. Williams.  Jennifer once called her 'the doctor lady.'  I'd give her Jennifer and she'd give me the money."
Another very long silence.  Sherlock finally managed to come up with "She said that as soon as I was eighteen we could do that if I liked.  She said you had to be that old to get married.  But if I wanted to now we could start acting like married people did."
He’d assumed Sherlock would be gone all night, so he was a bit surprised to hear a key turning in the door.  Sherlock stumbled in without his usual grace.  “John!  It’s time!” he barked out, and made his way over to the sofa.
John was about to ask her if her husband was in, but Sherlock spoke first.  "Phillip sent me," he said, and to John's surprise his voice was shaking with fear. He squeezed Sherlock's hand, and the woman spoke again.
Lestrade met them in the kitchen.  “There’s really not a lot we can do here.  No one even saw a person here besides the girl.  I’m going back to the Yard and I want both of you to come with me.  There are some more files I’ve turned up that may be related to the case.”  The other officers had apparently already left, as there was no sign of them.
In the midst of his struggle, Hamish had been knocked out of the bed.  John put him back next to Sherlock in hopes that the toy would bring him back, but it appeared to have no effect.  He still pleaded with his attacker to stop.  As his distress grew, he brought himself up to an almost sitting position.  John kept trying to reassure him, but each minute seemed to make his distress worse.  After a seemingly endless period of time, Sherlock's body jerked and he vomited all over himself and the blankets.  He let out a cry and crumpled back on to the bed, curling up in a ball.
“Enough to finally do something. It’s the one thing I could never do with Her so I thought that would be safe.”
"Most of them.  Victim Four and Victim Five won't be testifying for long, for different reasons, and Victims Six and Eight will be testifying on behalf of their siblings.  Victim Fourteen or Fifteen will testify, but not both of them.  Victim Eleven has limited English skills, so I'm not sure how much we'll get there."  He paused for a moment.  "Wait.  Are you asking when we want Victim Three to testify?"
Sherlock knew better than to say he wasn’t hungry. He just stayed in the living room until the man finished making some pasta.  When he said “Dinner is served,” he even sat down and ate a plate.
"I currently am the landlady for a small property my husband bought before he died.  He was career military, you understand, and we didn't have much, but he thought it would be a good investment."
"I had Brownie with me when I woke up. He asked me if I wanted anything at home and I wanted some books and the picture so he brought them here." She had moved closer to the edge of the bed, closer to where he was sitting.
"He's not reasoning.  It's impossible to reason someone out of something you didn't reason yourself into.  Also, if he makes himself accept that this wasn't a relationship in any real way, he has to accept he wasn't loved.  Would you want to realize something like that?"
"Yes.  Frank had just left for work when I got the notice from the local caseworker.  She rang me to say there had been a girl who'd been taken from hospital to care and she wanted to know if we could take her.  We hadn't had a foster child for over a month, so of course I said yes.  A few hours later they brought her to our house.  Once she got here I knew why they wanted us to take her - Frank is Jamaican and we've fostered many children of dual heritage like her."  Mrs. Henderson paused, clearly remembering something.  "She was horribly upset.  Crying, saying she wanted to go back to her mummy or her daddy.  I learned from the worker who brought her that she'd been taken straight from hospital and she didn't have anything other than the clothes she came in, so that made sense."
"I went to the park with Rory.  I was kind of sad because me dad had yelled at me before.  I wanted to wear my purple space kitten sweatshirt when I got home but he said it was dirty.  I tried to get it anyway and then he yelled and I said I hated him."  She looked down at the bear in her arms.  "I told Her all about it when I got there and She said me dad didn't love me much if he yelled.  She gave me a hug and I sat in her lap."
Sherlock woke up a few hours later, just when John was about to head off to bed, and spoke for the first time that day. "What should I wear tomorrow?" he asked, like a small child.
"All right. I knew you were going to take a statement because they always do that on the police procedurals." He pointed towards an alcove near the lift with a few chairs and a round table. "We can sit there, since you can still see the door from there."
"The day it happened.  Michael rang me to say he'd taken Jennifer to hospital, and later on he rang again and said they were going to take her into care." She didn't seem any more relaxed, but her voice had become more even and less of a croak.
He forced himself to read on.  When his book-self first appeared, that lifted his spirits.  While he knew several tests that could indicate the presence of blood, he couldn't think of one off the top of his head that could have been developed around the turn of the last century.  He also liked the fact his book-self seemed much more openly happy to meet book-John, even though he thought the whole time they were being a bit too obviously romantic at a time when having gay sex could send you to prison.
"If your sister hadn't asked you to not say anything about K, would you have told someone?" Sherlock asked.
Moira was still clutching the old bear with one hand, like it hadn't moved since yesterday. "Is he your friend?" she asked, pointing in Sherlock's general direction.
"I think so."  John wasn't surprised by the fact every other group member nodded in recognition.  "And, there's this kid, who was abused too, and the two of them have become friends.  They talk a lot and I think it sometimes sets him off, because they're so alike."
"On the other kids She brought to Her flat, yeah."  Phillip shrunk down further in his chair, leaning away from Harvey.
Sherlock didn't move.  He didn't uncurl himself and he gave no indication that he'd heard a word John said.  At this point John had no idea if he was doing the right thing or not.  Please make me know the right thing to say, he thought.  "You're not responsible for any of that, you know.  She might have told you something like that, but that's not the case.  Remember how upset you were when you realized Phillip felt that way?"
Then, it happened.  She locked eyes with John.  He felt too shocked to do anything, but she had no such problem; she smiled broadly at him.  It was only for a second and it would have been hard to prove she directed it at him, but John knew it was meant for him.  It meant, "I'm not going to be found guilty."  It meant, "I'm proud of what I did to your little friend."  It meant, "When I get off the charges I'm going to start doing it all over again."  John bit back the urge to start screaming to everyone in the court that you'd know she was guilty from that smile and the look in her eyes.
After showering and getting dressed, he went downstairs.  Sherlock was nowhere to be seen, although whether that was because he was still in his room or because he had taken off earlier he didn't know.  Maybe he had already headed out to view the area that flat was in.  Whatever the reason, he was glad for the quiet as he made tea and several slices of toast.
“Good girl,” Sherlock echoed, not sure whether this was really an impressive feat or not.  The dog happily munched on a piece of watermelon while the other man patted her on the head.
That night was an eye-opener in many ways.  John had always mentally referred to the effects of K as Sherlock's Issues.  (Even then he almost laughed at how K had wound up making him use capital letters anyway.)  Somehow, despite the damage he'd seen inflicted upon Sherlock, he continued to believe it would all sort itself out.  When he woke up that morning alone in Sherlock's bed, however, he knew that was no longer the case.  Sherlock needed some form of professional help.  He thought about this as he showered, got dressed, and went downstairs to make breakfast.  The big problem was that Sherlock would never admit he needed professional help.  Even if he was made to go see some sort of therapist, he would likely be as obnoxious as possible so the therapist would refuse to see him again, or sit silently and stare at whoever was there.  Whenever he revealed something to John he'd retreat afterward.  True to form, he was nowhere to be found in the flat now.  And truthfully, John felt like he needed help as well.  So, he picked up his mobile and dialed one number he had hoped never to dial again.
John had no idea what Phillip would do with this revelation.  He might run off again.  He might scream or cry.  He might be delighted.  So he wasn't surprised when Phillip just stared at him in disbelief.
"No.  I think she liked not having me underfoot.  She's always working."  Phillip sat up a little straighter.
Martin realized at this point he hadn't asked the obvious question. "Who is it that I'm in the body of?"
“Then you've clearly not been paying attention to what I'm saying.”  Her smile was still unbroken.  “Sherlock has though, right dearest?”  Sherlock's grip on John's hand tightened so much he was sure he'd have a bruise.  “He remembers it all, I'm sure.”
"Hello," he said, cautiously.  From the look on his face John could tell he wasn't looking forward to this.  He assumed that was because this victim would be far less easy to intimidate.
A minute later the door opened and a woman with short dark hair and glasses walked in.  She carried a large bakery bag in one hand and a six pack of coffee in another.  "Thought you'd beat me here, Lou.  When it's your turn to bring breakfast you never seem to show up this early."  She set the food on the table.  "Good morning, Lestrade.  As good as it can be, at least, for a case like this."  Next to Lou she looked pocket-sized; she had a thin build and was barely five feet tall.  She sat down next to John.  "You must be John Watson."
"Not one that I can see, but I think it's connected to something.  Something he's remembering, probably."
The woman looked up and down at Sherlock before she said:  "Ask away.  Please keep in mind I've only managed this building for five years, so I can't tell you any farther back."
He shook his head.  "She's wealthy; when her parents died while she was in university she inherited all their money.  Her husband was also wealthy and even though she only inherited a portion of his money on his death that was still a significant amount.  She can easily hire a solicitor who could get those charges reduced to a slap on the wrist."  Whatever Lestrade was going to say next was cut off by the phone on the desk ringing shrilly.  He picked up the phone. "Hello?  Oh, good.  We'll set up and meet you in the other room.  You know where it is?  Good, I'll see all of you then."  After setting the receiver back down he turned to face John and Sherlock.  "That was Mr. Aherne.  He's leaving now.  I have to get the lineup sorted.  Do you know where the room is?"
"You haven't changed, have you?" she said, still smiling.  "Most children, you see them as adults and they hardly look the same.  You're the same, though.  Not even a hair on your face."  She traced his chin with one finger, and John realized that Sherlock was now clutching his hand in a death grip.
Moira trusts John a very little bit, so a friend of his is someone she feels slightly more comfortable with. She's also trying to make sure Sherlock isn't an ally of K.
"Now, remember, when I ask you something it's not like a test at school.  If you don't know the answer just say, 'I don't know.'  Do you understand?"
He kept his back turned until Sherlock said quietly: "You can turn around." He was wearing pajamas, long ones John had never seen before, and the mattress was bare.  The sheets were piled on the floor.  "You first," he said, and John lay down on the side.  Sherlock climbed into bed as well and lay down close enough that their heads were touching but so Hamish was close enough to his chest that their lower bodies couldn't easily touch.  He pulled the blankets over himself and said, "Good night, John."  While he had planned to stay awake until Sherlock fell asleep, the truth was he fell asleep shortly after climbing into bed and never found out if on that night Sherlock slept at all.
“How was your day?” While Sherlock couldn’t imagine himself making conversation with a stranger in any other situation, especially not asking about his day, the resigned silence seemed worse.
"Nothing.  I just started talking again.  I told him about hearing my arm snap and how I went to Bart's."
"He agreed to that?" John meant "Mycroft."  He had been so eager to see his brother's abuser punished that John thought if Sherlock had tried to get him to intervene in the Phillip matter he'd have demanded K be imprisoned without further trial.
"Yeah.  A bunch of times.  Sometimes I'd tell him things about Her, even though I tried not to give him enough to figure out who it was."
John realized in that second she was not trying to convince him all of it was consensual at all, but rather to humiliate Sherlock enough that he wouldn’t be able to talk about any of this.  Not that he did now, but he was at least able to talk about Phillip.  Even now Sherlock continued to tremble, and he seemed terrified in a way John had never seen before.
Susan nodded at Sherlock and walked back to the prosecution's table.  Judge Foster banged his gavel and said "The court will recess for one hour," and Sherlock took a few very obvious deep breaths before he was led off by the usher.
"They are."  Mr. Aherne smiled and his love for them showed clearly on his face.  "I got taken into care when I was young and my mother died when I was sixteen, so I have no family but them."
Seemingly from nowhere, Lou produced a small collection of photographs.  John took a deep breath as he realized what they were.  "I'd like you to take a look at these photographs," he said as he held one in front of Mr. Aherne.  "Do you recognize where this was taken?"
He picked another story at random (there were sixty, unbelievably enough).  Three others were long like the first one, but the rest were short story length.  He began a game where he read the story and tried to see if he could figure out the solution by the time he was halfway through.  Sherlock usually succeeded, but he did take longer than the time John had given him Agatha Christie novels in the hopes he would be amused by them.  (He got to the murder in
"Of course," John said.  Truthfully, he wasn't sure he wanted to hear anything from the siblings again.  Graham's anguish as he recounted how he'd been forced to sexually assault his brothers had been almost too much to bear once, let alone twice.
"I will consider it," Sherlock responded in that tight, formal voice he used whenever he was ill at ease.
"Well, I can ring the man tomorrow and see if he wants you to come out there or whether he's willing to come to London to speak with you.  Right now, I doubt he would be pleased with me if I asked."  Lestrade stuffed the folder back in the drawer as he spoke.  "There's some more paperwork I want to look at right now, but the two of you can head back home."
"Maybe," Mrs. Hudson countered.  "Lots of people think they'd do differently if there was one thing changed about the situation but most of them wouldn't."  John must have had a stricken expression on his face, because she went on to add "Not that she would have done nothing no matter what, but people don't want to get involved."
By now they were at the door to their flat.  John opened it and they both went in.  "Sorry if I shouldn't have just come in.  Your landlady said it was all right to come up here," said a woman's voice from the inside.
"I had a bee. A big stuffed bumblebee." Sherlock gave a small smile, as though he was recalling a fond memory.
"Yeah," Moira said and she proceeded to tell the same story she had told Sherlock a few months ago.  Since John had heard it already he only felt somewhat sad, but the rest of the court had not and the tears and gasps seemed to have gotten louder.
John took a sudden deep breath.  "He was... his mother..."  He couldn't make himself finish the thought.
"When I saw the headlines about her a few months ago.  I told my parents that she was the one who had done it, and we rang the police in London."
It occurred to John that they hadn't eaten out or gotten takeaway during this case at all, besides that awkward dinner with Lestrade.  "If you want to."  Come to think of it, even suggesting that they eat somewhere was strange for Sherlock.
"I know you're thinking this is some elaborate joke, Herc, but let me assure you it isn't." The woman then told the story about Sherlock not knowing the answers to the questions the large man had asked him and how he had handed over the hat when asked to.
"Hire him?  Oh no, he wasn't a detective back then."  She laughed.  "His brother had sent him to Florida, as soon as he got out of rehab.  Thought if he was away from all the 'bad influences' he'd stay sober."  John thought that that did sound like something Mycroft would do.  "He was in the flat across the hall from where we were living.  Edwin - my husband - had inherited some real estate in the area from a relative and we were staying there to sell it.  He was from the States originally, you know.  Poor Sherlock was climbing the walls with boredom after a day or two, and Edwin saw him pacing around at all hours.  So I invited him over for some tea one day.  Well, he laid out almost my whole life story before I'd finished one cup, and I thought he was more interesting than anyone else I'd met there."
They sat in silence while Sherlock slowly finished the ice cream.  As soon as he was done, he said, "Shower," and walked back up the stairs.  For some reason he'd left Hamish sitting on the sofa, and John picked up the bee when he headed back upstairs.  He set him down by the bed and remade it with new sheets.  Once he was done, he sat and listened to the shower running.
When Sherlock decided that he couldn’t listen to this for any longer, he blurted out “Why are there two geese living in the garden?”
"That'd be me, then.  I'm next oldest," said the man in the jumper.  "Mum and Dad told me a few times 'Dominic, you're going to have to look out for your brothers,' since I came first.  When we got moved to care I tried to make sure they would be okay.  Let them get served supper first and let them say whether we play football or rugby."  He looked over at his sister.  "And like Christine said, our mum wasn't much for a cuddle and I liked that She was always up for it.  I don't really remember when it was except that Graham and Martin were outside and Christina was out with some of her mates.  I had a cough and She told me it was better to stay inside.  In Her room was the telly, a big one.  Any time you wanted to watch a movie you'd go in there.  When I was in the middle of some film She comes in and asks if She can watch with me.  Since everyone else was out I said yes, because I was alone.  At first She sat right next to me but near the end She asks if I would mind sitting in Her lap.  I didn't, really, and told Her that was good.  For a few minutes it was all right, then She puts Her hand on the waistband of my trousers.  I knew it was there but didn't really think about it.  Then after another few minutes Her hand's on my leg, rubbing in circles.  It was.  I don't know.  Strange.  But I got used to it.  Then She moved Her hand again."  He fell silent.  "Now it was right in front of the zipper of my trousers.  This time when She started making circles it felt better."  A pause.  "Then when the film was over She left like nothing had happened.  That was the first time."  He looked like he wanted to say more, but instead looked down at his hands, just like his sister.
It was like he had flipped a switch.  In a second Sherlock went from blank to furious.  He thrust himself off the couch and in two long strides he was standing in front of John, looking down at him menacingly.  "You know nothing about any of this!  Nothing!  Don't you dare to say 'I know you're in pain!' because you can't even understand part of it!"
"Did you draw his blood for drug testing?"  Sherlock looked him in the eye.  "If he was dazed it could have been from administration of a benzodiazepine."
"Several forms of false identification, including one for Dana Lester.  Almost fifty thousand pounds, hidden in various places.  Magazines containing child pornography. Two computers, a desktop and a laptop, containing thousands of pornographic images and videos involving children."  He shut his eyes.  "And a very large collection of photographs of children in various sexual acts.  Most of them are unknown, but several resembled Jennifer Ogbeide-Bena, Moira Aherne, and Phillip Rodgers.  Lestrade was able to identify one other person from the photographs, and he felt I should not work on this case anymore."
She was right, and he knew it.  He nodded to show he understood, and continues.  "Anyway, he's also told me that he masturbates thinking of her abusing him.  I don't know if this was in the past or not, but recently he's had wet dreams about her, including the nightmare with the flashback I saw.  He's thrown out piles of bedsheets from it.  Once he even slashed them up with a knife."
"Yes, relatively."  He smiled.  "We've gone back to church, as you can see.  I fell out with God after Nora died.  Now it seems the right thing to do.  The priest there is good with children.  Not that I let anyone be alone with them anymore, you understand."
"Radio," Sherlock replied softly.  John managed to locate and turn on the digital radio, and some classical station began to play.
"How long is the remainder of your sentence?" Harvey asked in one of her typical abrupt subject changes.
"Did you ever ask Her if you could choose what the two of you did?" Harvey used the capital letters, but not out of fear; she said it in a mocking tone, like Phillip couldn't possibly be afraid of K.
"One of the doctors at the clinic used to work with her.  She said she thought it was strange that she had a policy to not let parents in on exams, but she never said anything about it because no one else seemed to mind."  John wasn't entirely sure he should have said that, but it could hardly affect the trial at this point.  "She did say if it had been a male pediatrician she'd have called the police."
Neither spoke for several minutes after that, and the silence hung in the air like the smell of the formaldehyde. Sherlock was the one who broke the silence, surprisingly enough, saying, "People always assume."
"Let's just go back to my place," John said, and headed out the door.  Martin, noting that he hadn't said "home," followed.
He shook his head.  "No crisis.  Quiet week actually.  She slept every night.  When I left she was listening to the BBC world news on the radio."
He looked again at the photo. Kieran looked a bit like Sherlock, with black shaggy hair, although his was straight. Dierdre was clearly the youngest; she still had a round baby face, surrounded by bright red hair. "That's your dog in the picture?"
"Both," Moira said, looking away as she spoke.  At first John wondered if she knew what that meant but remembered Mr. Aherne's comment at the beginning of the case (it seemed so long ago) about answering those questions as they came up.  He figured that a child like Moira, who was so interested in science, wouldn't have settled for vague slang terms.  He was also glad Sherlock could carry on with the questioning; he couldn't think of anything to say at all.
While John would never deny that he'd fantasized about this moment, in his fantasies it was a little different than now.  One, in fantasy he was usually the one to start it, and second, in his fantasy Sherlock looked like he was enjoying himself.  He certainly didn't look like that now; his eyes were closed and he looked like he was enduring something unpleasant. Despite being shorter, John was still stronger than Sherlock and it was easy to push him an arm's length away.  "What do you think you're doing?" he said.
“She said, 'Fuck me.'  I said to her, 'What?'  Children pick up all sorts of phrases they don't know the meaning of, and that's what I thought this was.  So she says it again.  I sat down on the edge of the bed because I thought I might pass out.  Jennifer crawled into my lap and said, 'Please fuck me.'  My whole body was numb but I managed to ask her what she meant.  She took a few of her fingers and pretended to jam them up between her legs.  'Like my friend does,' and she looked at me like I had to know what she was talking about. That's when I picked her up and told her we were going for a ride.”
