“Looking for some light reading, John?”  Sherlock was back, standing close. The man was a bloody ninja.
He applied for several jobs, not expecting to get any of them. When he received the call from The Metropolitan Police, he assumed Colonel Moran had something to do with it. He was the best reference on his CV. He went to the interview expecting nothing. His portfolio, after all, was full of beautiful moments stolen while he fought the endless stream of bodies he could barely patch up, and a couple of interesting scenic shots he'd taken since returning to London.
Now, the subject of her drinking problem always felt like an unspoken fight between them. She assumed he was checking her for signs of drunkenness and he was usually just thankful to see her.  He recognised the ebb and flow of her behaviours by now and the silence that met his text message meant that she was likely drinking again. She would not be returning his text today, or anytime soon. He sighed.
Sherlock observed how Moran’s mouth turned into a white line as he refused to speak or acknowledge them. He estimated this would not last.
At the sound of his name, Anderson strolled over with his shoulders back and head up and stood next to Lestrade. He narrowed his eyes at Sherlock, and John fought the urge to tell everyone present how careless the man had been with possible evidence.
Sherlock looked up from his phone and spotted a cab. John often accused him of using witchcraft to get the attention of passing taxis, but really it was the suit. He raised his hand and waved it, nonchalantly. The car stopped at the kerb and Sherlock climbed in.
John took a step towards Sherlock and watched as he whirled around from the drying photographs to face him.  The red light was still on, washing out a lot of the colour in the room. It softened their features and deepened the shadows. John wished he could see the true color of Sherlock’s eyes. He stared into them and gently guided Sherlock to a bit of bare wall next to the bench he kept for dry prints.
“Oh hey, Virgin! Tell that cunt Watson that I owe him one. I’m going to collect it out of his arse. You don’t betray brothers in arms.” He laughed hard and started to cough. “He’ll be lucky if I get him before Jim though.” He tugged on his handcuffed wrists. The metal clanged against the table, loud over the speakers.
“Yeah, I’ll get dressed and meet you there. I’ll probably be alone.”  His eyes drifted up to where John was no doubt changing for work.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John. He shifted and crossed his long legs. John followed the movement and felt a tingling heat that made him forget for a moment he was soaking wet and wearing leather.
“Sherlock… It’s wonderful.” He looked it over carefully, the brown leather was soft and well worked. It was wrapped around a piece of blue glass. “Is this from that Tiffany Glass lampshade?” That case felt like a lifetime ago to John.
The last of those pictures was Sherlock, his fist raised and ready, his gi pants hugging his hips low. John had printed it in black and white but spent hours painting the colours of his bruising by hand. It stood out from the rest of the series for its grittiness. John thought in that picture Sherlock looked like a dark, fallen archangel.
“It’s a blackboard, John.”  Sherlock walked around it. He watched John out of the corner of his eyes.
“Goodnight, John. Tonight was lovely. Very exciting. I loved those pictures of Sherlock. So did he.” She gently touched his cheek. “He’ll be home soon.”
The misunderstanding over the drugs bust is cleared up. However, a mystery man from John's past shows up at Baker Street.
“I’m pretty sure you have done a number on your ribs. I’d love it if you’d stay still so I can get you home, and those looked after. No need to puncture a lung now, is there?” John held the shoe out of his reach.
He looked up at a sky filled with heavy, gunmetal grey clouds. He would take as many pictures as he could before the sky dumped a bucket of piss all over them. He carried two cameras with him at all times—a department-issued digital camera, and his old Nikon that took 35mm film. Right now, the Nikon was packed in his gear bag. If he were going to beat the rain, he’d have to leave the bag and just take as many snaps as he could.
Mycroft walked his brother into the hospital and deposited him in an austere waiting room. When Mycroft returned, his face was pale. Sherlock’s stomach dropped.
“I thought you were married to your work, you git.” John gently bit Sherlock’s lip, sucked on it. He tasted a fresh hint of blood and stopped. He tried to see it in the dim light. .
The sun was officially up; it had taken an hour to convince Greg that Sherlock needed actual prints of the scene. It also took a huge sulk and Sherlock threatening to call his brother before Greg threw his arms into the air. He had greatly impressed John with the string of swear words he uttered under his breath as he walked away. Some were good enough that John saved them for the next time he lost a battle with the chip and pin machine.
“It’s yours. Do you understand about the maths?  It's just a small kink, but I meant what I said. I love you, Sherlock. I want you. I’m too tired to show you right now and if we keep dancing around it with hints and near misses we might miss out completely.”  John waited for the other man to speak. He watched as Sherlock stood at the foot of the bed, his back to him.
Sherlock’s mind stuttered, the blinding rage threatening to short-circuit his brain. Lestrade delivered a punch that hit Moran at an awkward angle, But still the blow sounded with a bone crunching satisfaction that Sherlock felt in his chest.
“You’re thinking of the night we met… I think I can arrange a delivery.” Sherlock’s hands slid up his sides and across his back.
As John worked, his breathing sped up. He squared his shoulders back as he finished the last one, looked over the whole of the blackboard, and sighed loudly. There was a small smile on his lips; his eyes seemed deeper blue than usual. It startled Sherlock, made him want to grab John’s face and memorize the color of his eyes when they looked like this.
John felt heated drops on his skin. A red rain from a fathomless sky poured down on him. The drops left smears of red across his skin. He looked up expecting to see clouds, but instead it was nothing but a black sea of stars. When he looked down, the stage was gone and he wore his combat fatigues.
Sherlock looked feral, a dark and wild thing. John wanted to touch him. To see if he could feel the chaotic energy that he radiated.
Footsteps slowly approached his door, then turned and quickly receded across the flat and up the stairs. Before John’s bedroom door closed, Sherlock pulled his pajamas pants off and wrapped his large hand around his shaft. His other hand cupped his testicles and pulled gently. Sherlock’s mind replayed the sound of his name escaping John’s mouth and he felt his orgasm rip through his whole body. He whole body tingled as he painted stripe after stripe of ejaculate across his chest, stroking himself through his orgasm. Sherlock’s mind went so quiet he laughed softly with surprised bliss. He could not remember ever feeling so satiated before.
“My brother felt it prudent to escort Moran to his office for questioning. I accompanied them.” Sherlock peeled his black shirt off and tossed it towards John’s pile of clothes.
He scanned the detective, looking at every mark and injury. Thankfully, nothing appeared to need immediate attention. His ribs would have to wait until they got back to Baker Street so John could wrap them.
The experiment continued for weeks. Sherlock never saw him completing the problems. He would fill the boards with equations and leave. John would answer them when he was alone. There were a few times when they had a case and came home to the board filled with problems, but John would never solve them like he did the first night with Sherlock in the room.
He charged at Sherlock and landed a blow across his ribs with a sickening crunch. Sherlock staggered and John watched as he took in his opponent. Sherlock’s piercing gaze dissected the fighter for every possible weakness and collected the data.
It didn’t take a doctor to point out the cause of death on one of the bodies. The other was infinitely more odd. It had been embalmed. Both were male, about the same age. The fresh body’s only wound was his missing head. The other had all the signs of having been autopsied and buried. One pass around the bodies and Sherlock was climbing out of the window to get soil samples. John’s eyes kept creeping back to their hands tangled together. They left for Bart’s as soon as Sherlock had his dirt.
“You are a cruel man, John.” He picked up his tea, blew across the top and took a sip. “Mmmm, a very horrible partner, who I will have to punish as soon as I solve this case.”
Sherlock saw the movement of John’s arm before he heard the sound of skin on skin. Before he could stop himself, the detective had his hand in his pajama bottoms, stroking his aching erection. He watched John, shocked by his movements. John stared at the solved problem, his whole body shaking. He moaned softly. Sherlock was so close, about to come harder than he ever had in his life when he heard John’s whisper.
John stood in the back where a small bar was located, waiting for people to show up. It gave him a perfect view of the whole room. He tried to double check his reflection in the nearest window glass, but the setting sun made him squint.  He had run some of Sherlock’s gel through his hair and now he wasn’t sure if he looked good or like a prat.
That is, until his third week in Afghanistan, when the sunset had turned the sky into fire. After that, he always had his camera with him and he always managed to capture pictures that people had visceral reactions to. Several of his prints managed to make rounds on the base. Officers and medical staff said the pictures helped when nothing else would; the bleakness of what they were doing was somehow alleviated when John captured something beautiful on film.
Pale yellow morning light limned the edge of Sherlock’s slate grey drapes. John closed his eyes, letting the illumination filter through his lids as he stretched to test the mobility of his shoulder. The usual ache had been replaced with a more constant throb. John didn’t want to get up; he snuggled into the charcoal coloured sheets. The scents of Sherlock and banoffee pie complimented each other and John smiled into the pillow.
John stared at the way the falling rain was highlighted by the streetlamp. He pulled out his camera, his body’s response second nature. He tried to capture the way the rain glimmered in the light. Holding the camera helped soothe him a bit.
The gloomy clouds that had punctuated Sherlock's mood all day decided at that very moment to let go, unleashing a chilly deluge. The vibration of the brass door knocker clanking into the plate as he slammed the door set his teeth on edge.
“He’s alive. He’s in surgery. He left this for you.”  Mycroft handed him a small plastic evidence bag. Inside was a sheet of paper. Sherlock recognized his love letter, stained crimson. One section was clean of gore and John had scrawled a note in return. Sherlock could see the whirls of John’s fingerprint, pressed onto the paper in blood.
“I’m sure Watson takes it like a bitch so you can keep your honorary title. He was passed around in the army, nothing but a scared little shit. He was always looking for someone to protect him from the fight, nothing but a coward.” Moran spit the last word out with a hiss.
“Sometimes I go into my darkroom for hours. I like to listen to vinyl records and not be bothered,” John replied with a slight smile of his own. He licked his lips. “Is it always like this for you? Tuxedos, foot chases across London. You hit a man with a red snapper.” John laughed. “You smell like a fish.” John wiped tears that had begun to collect at the corner of his eyes.
Greg and Mycroft walked towards him, more relaxed than he had ever seen either of them. John realized how much they sincerely complimented each other. Mycroft wore his usual bespoke, three piece, black pinstriped suit. His necktie was blue today instead of the usual red that John had noticed he favoured. Greg looked well rested and relaxed in a black polo shirt and khaki trousers. John noticed how easy and boyish Greg’s smiled looked when he wasn’t at work.
To Lymphadei, thank you for so many late night conversations that always seem to start with... "Ok, I think this fandom needs more..." or "Have you read this? Should I read this?" You totally are my AU Muse!
“Your doctor probably could’ve invaded Afghanistan without any other help. He is stupidly brave. Or perhaps just stupid. He wrestled a gun away and shot that one. They were going to assault Ms. Williams. He became wounded in the struggle, but not badly; they already took him to Bart’s. Come,  brother mine. I’ll take you to your goldfish.”
“Here, you’re still soaking. I can give you a jumper or something if you want to change. I’m pretty sure none of my trousers will fit you.” John chuckled.
A sleek black sedan sat at the kerb. John wondered briefly if Mycroft had his cars made so they looked as nondescript as possible.
“Sherlock, it’s not something you tell a date. ‘Do you want to finish this drink and go back to your place so I can write algebra all over your body with a biro?’” John climbed onto Sherlock’s bed and laid down. His arm was killing him, and he wanted to sleep. He didn’t like how absolutely silent Sherlock was.
John jumped, yanking the flannel from his face. He opened one eye slowly, the other was already swollen shut, and looked at the man who sat on the closed lid of the toilet.
He slowly sat up and laid a wet flannel across his eyes. His hand searched for his beer, almost knocking it over as he grazed over it. He took a long pull on it and rested his arms along the rim of the tub, softly clinking his bottle against the porcelain in time with the music.
“I’m glad you’re finally in my bed. I’m sorry we’re too tired to explore it.”  He traced a pattern on John’s right hand. John’s whole body relaxed, melting into the bed, filled with a sense of peace. After a minute of the trickling touches, he realized that Sherlock was tracing the numbers of Pi onto the palm of his hand.
“You left me a note?  When?”  Sherlock’s voice was soft and low, and it warmed John from the base of his spine.
“The song is called Shape Of My Heart, by Sting.” John took a drink and then held the beer out to Sherlock. “Put it on the counter for me, please.” He motioned towards the sink.
He busied himself removing the memory card from his camera. He put his camera on his desk and pulled his desk chair with him. It only took him a moment to pop the memory card into his projector.
“He wasn’t the one licking his fingers after he touched the body and tossing evidence around as if the scene was cleared.”
“Yeah, you should’ve invited me. I hate gate crashing.” He tried to keep his tone light. Sherlock nodded at another man, who handed him an oversized hoodie and trainers. John looked down and saw that his friend’s feet were bare.
“I had hoped you’d be amenable.” Sherlock undid the button to his trousers and pushed them down until he could kick them to the side. He smirked at John and bent over to retrieve something from his pocket. Sherlock held it in his fist.
“Why are you so keen for John to take this job, Colonel?” A familiar deep baritone rumbled behind John. Sebastian looked up as Sherlock stepped up to stand beside John.
Sherlock attempted to put on his shoes and flinched. John huffed at the stubborn man and knelt to help him.
The dust was suspended in the sunlight that filtered through the window at Baker Street. Sherlock watched it with a critical eye. Five days without a case. Three days since he last froze a set of phalanges. He had tried to remove just the fingerprint to test if it was possible to leave someone else's prints at the scene of a crime. It was. However, not easy and unlikely a common criminal would go to such extreme measures. Sherlock filed it away, along with ideas for doing the same thing without the hassle. Next time his brother came for an unwelcome “visit” he'd steal the git’s fingerprints off his tea cup and test his theories.
“Yeah, we weren’t ever going to find a cab at this hour.” John slid in beside him, smiling as the heat of the car enveloped him.  Anthea didn’t look up from her Blackberry. “Thank you for the ride.”
“But this picture explains what happened.” Sherlock clicked the remote, and a pile of light grey concrete appeared.
“Totally shagging.” John’s nose scrunched up in mock disgust. He felt the first few icy drops of water on the back of his neck, sliding down into his jumper.
“I like to see them as large as I can to pick out details I want to work with when I print them. I can do this with the negatives too.”
“That is a lie, Mr Moran. However unimportant, we sampled your voice from your dealings at the Landmark and made our little recording.” Anthea tossed the useless paperwork onto the table and checked her nails.
An hour later Sherlock could hear John moving around upstairs in his room. The bell rang, and Sherlock knew it was Lestrade, the detective always pressed the bell twice in quick succession. He held a groan back when he saw that Lestrade had Sally Donovan in tow. Seeing her, this early was enough to sour his stomach for the rest of the day.
Hi! *waves* If you want to see a bunch of posts about Johnlock, Drarry, knitting and tombstones. Come by my Tumblr and check it out!
He sent his sister a text, letting her know he would finally be able to get the rest of his pre-war things from her garage. Hopefully, he wouldn't have to stay long and listen to her complain about her ex.
“Bloody hell, who’s calling me this late? John Watson speaking.” He leant closer to Sherlock’s warmth.
They had a routine now. John had lived at Baker Street for almost four months and during that time, Mycroft had kidnapped him twice, followed him three times, and on one random special occasion while John took crime scene pictures in the rain, had offered him his spare umbrella .
The crescendo of noise around him amped up as the big one fell and didn’t get back up. John fought every urge he had not to rush to check on him. He let out his breath when he saw the man’s friends come collect him from the ring. His body was slick with sweat and blood; his head lolled as they dragged him out. The other man was wobbly but left on his own, one of his buddies guiding him through the crowd with a hand on his shoulder.
John let his arm brush up against the material and wished bitterly that he wasn’t standing in a gallery filled with people, about to have a domestic with his old army buddy.
But what drew all of John’s attention, and made his whole body tighten with so much desire that he ached, was the crimson velvet waistcoat. It was as if Sherlock plucked the visual from his dreaming mind and had it made to tease him.
“Um, sorry Sherlock, I couldn’t help it. I didn’t mess up evidence, I hope.”  He shrugged his shoulders and refused to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “I’ll be right back.”  The blond man dashed up to his room and slammed the door.
The gallery was located on a corner of a small square. The building was rather old and the brick facade gave it a serious air that John liked. The entire bottom floor had large windows that allowed the perfect amount of fading sunlight in. Inside Sarah’s gallery was very neutral to keep the focus on the art and not the decor. Old fashioned bare light bulbs hung from cords, and they reminded John of something he had seen on a steampunk website once. Otherwise, the whole first floor was nothing but glass and wall space.
When he came home several hours later, his eyes went immediately to the blackboard. John had answered every question, on both sides. The chalk and marker lay side by side on the kitchen table. Nothing else was out of place. All of the answers were correct.
John could count on both hands the times he’d been in this room. This was the first time since Sherlock had been back. The last time, he had written Sherlock a long letter and left it here, hidden. His therapist had suggested it. John started to laugh.
“Lost my nerve huh?” John punched Moran as hard as he could. He could feel the agony from his shoulder springing back into full glory. The left hook didn’t phase Seb, who wrestled John to the floor.
“You don’t even know what I wanted. And how did you know that I was a doctor and in the army? You spouted out all that at the crime scene. Has someone told you about me?”
“Those are mine, and obviously not drugs.” He made his voice into steel and ducked around Mrs Hudson to stomp upstairs.
“Now we get you ready for bed. You need pain medication and sleep. I’ll help you. I’m going to get you some water.”  He turned and left the room.
John kissed along the planes of Sherlock’s chest.  He let his lips drag, soft, gentle caresses  along the bruises. Sherlock’s skin was so smooth against his lips, like running his mouth across silk. When he spotted a rare freckle he pressed his lips harder against it, memorizing where each one was. John could smell the clinging scent of blood and beneath that he could smell Sherlock’s arousal, sweet and tantalizing. John licked across a line across Sherlock’s collarbone, tasting old sweat and rain.
“You can’t leave the building.” Sally’s voice carried after him. John noticed her poking around in the old tea canister he used to hold USB drives.
To my VW, Kara. You have been this stories cheerleader. There have been a few times when I wanted to ditch this and work on something new. Maybe something else. You kept me reined in. You offered me constructive criticism and kept this story operating in the real world. You are entirely my John Watson.
John kissed him softly on the mouth. He’d finally begun to slide back into sleep when his brain caught up with the other man’s sleep-mushed words. Sherlock was repeating the ‘John ellipsoid’ theorem. He smiled and drifted off.
Finding a record player in central London proved to be much more challenging than Sherlock had anticipated. Three hours into his adventure in music, he received a text from his meddlesome brother.
“It’s a closed door murder. Two people are missing their heads.” He searched John’s face for any hint of disapproval.
The vee of his hips drew John’s eyes towards the perfectly shaped penis that rose from messy riot dark pubic hair. Sherlock’s cock was uncut and his foreskin had retracted slightly revealing the plump crown. A pearly bead of pre-come formed at the slit.
“Do you want a plate or is out of the container alright?” John collected forks and napkins, as well as their tea.
Sebastian’s face, which was once so special to John, no longer held that place. When he peered into Moran’s crystal blue eyes all John saw was vast nothingness. The spark of the man he had been while John served with him was gone from those cornflower orbs.
Sherlock’s stomach twisted in an odd way that he wasn’t familiar with. “A date? John?” He accessed information from his mind palace. His flatmate's habits had their own box; he began to sort through them.
“I don’t need your assistance, John. I can put on my own shoes.” Sherlock hissed and bent to grab his shoe.
Naturally, John would run into a crazy adrenaline and lust-filled relationship with an addict. He ignored the open door to the living room and trudged up the final set of stairs to his bathroom, shut the door, and locked it. He hoped they didn’t find anything. That nothing would ruin what had just barely begun.
After a quick wash and rinse, John went back into Sherlock’s room wearing nothing but a towel around his waist. His phone beeped.
“Sherlock. Get up. I need you to come look at this.” Greg’s voice sounded far away. Sherlock turned and looked out of the door marked B Street, and willed himself to leave his mind palace.
“What is it, Lestrade? We’re busy.” Sherlock listened to the frustrated voice on the other end. “A locked door? We’re on our way. Text John the address. He has his camera.” Sherlock disconnected the call and slipped the phone back into John’s inner jacket pocket. The brush of his fingers was enough to raise goosebumps on John’s arms.
“We should go back to the gallery tomorrow. I’d like you to tell me about the photographs you took in Afghanistan.” Sherlock’s voice was low, and John found himself lulled by it.
“Fuck. I can’t wear this. None of this. Why didn’t I buy a new suit or something?” John muttered under his breath. He had a black sports coat he supposed he could wear.
John lead the way. He left his gear bag in the boot, making a mental note to come back for it when the rain took a break.
The blackboard went back to NSY. Sherlock purchased a new slightly larger one that flipped over. One side was for chalk, and the other was a white board that used markers. It was on wheels for ease of movement. He filled both sides with problems that were marginally more difficult than the ones that had been on the maths teacher’s board. Then he left the package of chalk and dry erase markers out for John to find when he came downstairs to get ready to go to work.
was written in gold script on a dark brown label. The effect was very Victorian, tastefully old-fashioned. Curiosity overrode his better judgment. He took the album with him to his room and shut the door, the hunt for his cigarettes forgotten.
“Good morning.” John called out and waited for a response. Sherlock continued to stare at the spinning black record. John went back to fixing tea and decided he needed toast as well.
John shook his head fondly, feeling a small smile tug at the corners of his mouth. He puttered around the flat for a bit, trying to focus on tidying up. John gave up and ventured into the kitchen to wash up their morning dishes. The sink filled up quickly with hot soapy suds. He reached in, grabbed a mug, and began scrubbing. The repetitive motion was soothing, and soon all the dishes were washed and drying on the rack.
“He’s perfect for my brother. Apparently, he left him a mathematical love note. Quite clever really, for Doctor Watson. Now, I want to go home, have a nice neat scotch, and take a bath with you. I’m not negotiating. I will have you fired if you don’t come home immediately.”  Mycroft pulled the silver-haired DI along with him toward the door.
Sherlock undressed slowly. He wasn’t embarrassed or shy any longer. He disrobed as if they had been sharing a room for the last five years and not the last five minutes. He wore nothing but his black silk pants when he climbed into bed.
Hi! *waves* If you want to see a bunch of posts about Johnlock, Drarry, knitting and tombstones. Come by my Tumblr and check it out!
With a huge hug and lots of girlie squee's, I have to say thank you to lmirandas for commissioning this for me. I love it so much. Check out her stories!
Sherlock strode into his room and slammed the door. He heard nothing for a moment, then a long sigh and a text alert. Finally, the door shut and he heard Lestrade’s steps going down the stairs.
“I need to see the photographs that Dr Watson obtained first.” He took two large steps towards John.
by Peter Gabriel. The faceless wounded man disappeared and for an earth-shattering moment, John feared he was alone in purgatory.
Once outside John looked down both sides of the street. No police car, no black sedan. No Sherlock. The cross streets in front of the gallery were empty and quiet.
“He’ll probably buy her gallery and take it home tonight,” Greg said. “I’m going to tell him we own it already and save her.” He smiled quickly at John and went to Mycroft's side. Sarah made her escape and John watched as the two men looked at his picture together. Greg’s quiet laugh drifted over to him.
“I did solve it. We’re going to see a suspect to be sure. Come, John, do keep up.” Sherlock jogged down the front steps to John’s car.
He had turned his ridiculously large walk in linen closet into a dark room, and that is where he stored his projector. He pulled it out and set it on a small table.
“That’s not John! Listen to me, Bee, that’s not John.”  Bee?  Mycroft hadn’t used that name in over thirty years. And then the rest of his brother’s words penetrated. Mycroft was usually hard to read, but through his tears, Sherlock saw his brother’s open expression and knew he spoke the truth. His heart rejoiced cautiously. Mycroft’s words echoed through his mind palace, calming the riot of thoughts.
John took his picture. Tried to see him through his lens. The way the streetlamp caused the unusual blue-green of his eyes to glow. He caught the smile on Sherlock’s face a moment before he felt the hand on his shirt pulling him closer. John lowered his camera just in time, as Sherlock swooped in and kissed him. Sherlock’s lips pressed against his firmly, as if he worried John would pull back. Instead, John pressed forward harder, opening his mouth so he could capture that perfect bottom lip. John could taste London as his tongue gently skimmed over that lip. A mixture of sweet rain and bitter blood filled his senses and summed up his flatmate perfectly.
“Sherlock! You can’t just… oh, why do I bother? Hey WATSON! Just show him the pictures, don’t print anything and I want that memory card on my desk TOMORROW,” Lestrade said.
Each time John looked at Sherlock through the lens of his camera, he became too lost in the fine lines and symmetry. The hard angles and planes knotted with tension. His whole body was poised and ready to strike. He used his hits to the best advantage, never wasting energy. The whole match took less than 2 minutes.
Sherlock stretched and nodded towards his opponent. The other man wasn’t as tall as the detective, but he was considerably larger. His back was covered with tattoos.
He pushed those feelings away; that would all unfold tomorrow when Mycroft came. Tonight all he wanted was Sherlock.
It had been a long night. Just when he thought he knew what was happening, the rug had been jerked out from under him again. He couldn’t get the imagine of Sherlock’s face out of his head. That guilty little boy look. He had seen it often enough on his own sister's face, his father’s face.
Upstairs in his room, he changed into black jeans, a black Pink Floyd T-shirt, and black Doc Martens. His phone chimed with a message as he finished lacing up.
Behind the staircase, two people stood in conversation. John recognised Lestrade, who looked up as John approached.
Sherlock pushed his hand into a pocket of his coat and pulled out his phone. When he spoke, his tone was flat. “We really must leave. I need to be back in London to go to an auction for rare books. You can change before we go. I’m not sure...,” he looked John up and down, “London Calling?... is appropriate for where we’re going.”
“Anderson is on call,” Greg answered, and thumbed a text on his phone. Sherlock could tell by the way Greg’s nose scrunched up that he was texting Donovan.
Mycroft and Greg strode towards them and John felt the flair of pain in his shoulder, as he relaxed a little. It really paid to have friends and family in the British government. Sebastian started to look uncomfortable. He shifted his weight from foot to foot and crossed his arms.
So John begrudgingly listened to Ella, his therapist, and started a blog to help acclimate him to civilian life. He decided to write about photography. His first few posts were very brief, as he felt nervous and exposed. Then he read a comment from Mike Stamford, who had been a classmate at Bart’s.
Sebastian stood close to John. The heavily astringent notes of his cologne cancelled out the slight paint and polish scent of the gallery. The crowd moved around them, not paying much attention to either of them. The men stared at each other for a long minute.
“Maybe another night. I’d rather just sit here with you and enjoy the peace and quiet.” John picked up Sherlock’s hand, slid his fingers between Sherlock’s, and laid them both on his chest. The bracelet rested close to his heart, the little blue piece of glass warmed by the water and John’s body heat. John traced it with his other hand.
“I wish I had my car. We’re never going to get a cab out here.” John he cleared his throat. “So what is this all about?”
His hand roamed to the empty spot next to him. The posh Egyptian cotton felt cool to the touch. Sherlock hadn’t been in bed for hours.
“Sherlock, I got you a surprise — What the hell is that?”  John almost dropped the bags he was holding. He stared at a large chalkboard covered in what appeared to be secondary level maths.
“Oi, over here mate!” DI Lestrade motioned him over. “Sorry for calling you in, I need you to photograph the scene. Sherlock insists you’re the only one who’s capable of doing it.”
“Oh Sherlock, what have you done?” The landlady fidgeted with a hanky, looking both worried and curious. She peeked around Sally to see what exactly her tenants had been up to.
To my SL(SW) Morgan. You are the Alpha of Beta's lol. Thank you for taking the time to work on this. Without you, I wouldn't have posted it. Thank you for being the yin to Kara's yang. You're often the voice of reason. The "But why did he do this?" voice. You kept me from being lazy. Thank you for finding the good bits and telling me so. Those comments kept me going when I thought everything else was rubbish.
“Oh, we have a lot of information already.” She stood, grabbed the back of Moran’s head, and slammed it to the table. Her eyes cut to the mirror, and Sherlock saw her blink. Anthea pushed his head back against the metal table, his face pointed away from the door. In that moment Mycroft pushed a button, and the room was filled with Moran’s voice.
He stopped by Tesco on his way home to pick up milk and tea. While there, he splurged and got himself a jar of Frank Cooper's marmalade, since he was off work for the next few days. He would have a bit of a lie in and then enjoy a cuppa and toast. It would put right this horrible day. Down one aisle, he saw a display of honey sticks in several different flavors and decided that he would get them as a treat for his favorite detective. He picked several of the little bags of sticks and went to do battle with the chip and pin machine.
Moran sat back in his seat, he tilted his head back. Sherlock could not deduce his thoughts from the angle. The man appeared to be contemplating the ceiling.
“Right then. Here is the remote. The buttons let you go forward or back. Have at it.” John watched Sherlock as he took the small black remote. He paced closer to the white sheet, then back. He strode to the left of the sheet and then to the middle of the room, his body blocking the image from the projector. John realised Sherlock was studying every detail of the picture. From corner to corner.
“Oh, I'm all right.” John slid forward in the tub, the water sloshing against the sides. “Are you getting in?”
“Sherlock wait!”  Lestrade attempted to push through the crowd and reach Sherlock’s side. Sherlock ignored him; he strode towards the ambulance, elbowing bystanders roughly out of his way.
Gregory Lestrade, one of the most easy going men that Sherlock had ever known, hitting a suspect… it was too much for Sherlock to take in at once. He glanced at his brother and saw the same shock on his face.
“You have an artistic eye, Dr Watson.” Mycroft’s sharp green gaze took in each picture as he stood by his husband’s side. “Excuse me; I want to get a closer look at this one.” He went directly to the picture of him and Greg.
“That’s ridiculous; we don’t have drugs.” John looked over at Sherlock, who didn’t meet his eyes. He started to fidget with his drawstrings.
Mrs Hudson filled in the quiet with idle chit chat ranging from his show, to Mrs Turner cheating during mahjong. The ride home went by quickly.
“You’re upset?” Sherlock took the bottle and sipped. John fought the urge to laugh to laugh at his resulting grimace. He tilted his head. “I don’t understand why you’re upset.”
“I’m not very good with relationships, John. Nor am I good at sentiment. But I want you to know I want this. I’m sorry I left you behind. I won’t promise never to do it again, because I will. Always remember I do not forget you, I’m just…”
He wasn’t sure if Sherlock was standing on his own or if he was holding the other man up. John didn’t care, he savored the way Sherlock’s body sagged against his in post orgasmic bliss. He palmed his neglected erection and hissed. John debated unzipping and taking himself in hand. He knew it would only take a few tugs and he would come hard enough to alert Mrs Hudson that more than film was developing. That is, if they hadn’t already.
He was completely naked and standing in the anatomical position, relaxed and eyes to the front. The theater doors slammed open and Sherlock strode down the aisle. He wore tailored black trousers with a black dress shirt and a carmine coloured waistcoat in velvet that caught the light and made the stark paleness of Sherlock’s complexion glow. John clenched his fists, fighting the urge to reach out and touch it, to test how soft it would feel.
John closed his eyes and held his temper in check. Only two people in his life called him Johnny. That voice did not belong to his sister.
Sherlock slid his left hand down John's wet arm until he came to his wrist. He pulled it up and slipped a braided leather bracelet onto it. “It’s been waterproofed. I know we get into all kinds of things with The Work.” He spoke the last matter of factly. Sherlock let go of John’s wrist and wrapped his arms around him. John snuggled back into him further.
Sherlock still had the velvet waistcoat on, except it was unbuttoned. He rested his elbows on his knees and leant forward towards John. His hair was slightly messed up, a few curls escaping from the grip of the product he’d used.
“No, this is a different kind of thing. It’s a surprise, okay? I wanted to surprise you.” John felt his nerves surge, his heart hammering in his throat. He’d said too much.
“Please.” Sherlock took in each picture in turn. His eyes roamed over them as if he was reading them instead of looking at them.
“Count on it.” Sherlock picked up his toast and took a large bite. By the time he finished the first slice he could not hide his pleased smile. As soon as the last bite passed his lips he stood and rushed into the bedroom to change so he could go to the Met.
John had decided to forego stopping by his flat to change and now regretted it. He looked down at his scruffy trainers, jeans, and vintage Clash T-shirt. He rearranged his gear bag and hurried up the steps, waving his ID at the copper who stood in front of one of the stately columns. John learned early on just to follow the ebb and flow of people at crime scenes.
One night, after a particularly horrible case, they came home exhausted. While the murderer was in custody, they hadn’t been able to save his final victim. John had done everything he could, but the young lady had slipped through his fingers.
“I meant the whole fighting thing.” John’s leg ached and keeping up with the taller man’s strides made it worse than usual.
“Goodnight, Mrs Hudson.” He leant in and gave her a little hug and a peck on her cheek. He took another breath of her lavender sachet for strength.
“This isn’t just concrete. It's part of the moulding around the windows of this building." Sherlock motioned to the wall in the picture. "We need to go back and look at them. Lestrade will meet us. Defenestration is the cause of death for this victim." He pointed to a body in another photo. "The second was staged to confuse us. That building is privately owned, and I suspect the building developer hired someone to scare the tenants.” Sherlock went to the door.
John was exhausted. His shift at the clinic had gone horribly. He, in fact, would rather go back to Afghanistan than ever return to the clinic during flu season.
John pulled his keys out and clicked the remote to unlock the car. He dumped his gear in the backseat haphazardly. He climbed behind the wheel as Sherlock made himself comfortable next to him.
After John had known Sherlock had seen his work, he would clean the board, so both sides were pristine. When Sherlock went to bed that night, he found a piece of chalk on his pillow. He smiled briefly. It was time for much more advanced problems. He wanted to see how the complexity of the problems would affect John’s mood. The next night when John went upstairs to bed, Sherlock slipped back into the sitting room. He wrote in the darkness the light from the streetlights illuminating enough for him to see. The sound of the chalk sliding over the board comforting. He remembered ‘The Continuum Hypothesis’ from his time at Oxford because of its simplistic beauty and it exactly as he’d seen it on the board then. He knew the answer; it was part of ‘Hilbert’s Problems.’  Would John know it?
Alexandre Stern honey on Sherlock’s toast was a guaranteed way to pull the genius out of his mind palace. Sherlock considered it playing dirty, but to John, a man had to do what a man had to do.
“Sherlock has nothing to do with it.” John crossed his arms over his chest. He scanned the room looking for his lover. He wanted Sebastian to leave before the other man showed up.
“Make sure you don’t touch anything. The Freak will be here in a mo, and he’ll know if you do,” Anderson informed him. He curled his lip back, as if he had stuck his nose into one of the overflowing skips.
In other exciting news, Lymphandei and I have put together a Tumblr account to showcase our favourite Sherlock Fandom fanfics. These are gems that we want to recommend to you! Check us out here!
“Where is he?” He watched her shift her weight from her good hip to her bad hip and back again. She nibbled her bottom lip. “Mrs Hudson?”
He hadn’t a case in over a week. Sherlock could feel his brain matter slowly atrophying. The fissures were becoming shallow, the gyri unfolding. Soon it would resemble Anderson’s, smooth with occasional sulci to break the monotony.
“Yeah, I mean, I took as many as I could. Who are you?” John was drenched, his clothing was icy cold and hanging on him. His jumper was no doubt permanently stretched out due to the weight of the water. He didn’t care; he was caught in the gravity of this man. It felt like a surge of adrenaline. He was lightheaded from it.
Almost a week of tedious boredom had left Sherlock exhausted and amped at the same time. The drive to the crime scene felt like pins and needles along the inside of Sherlock’s brain. This case had intrigued him from the moment he received Lestrade’s text.  His mind, now fixed on the details, stretched cautiously. Much like a professional athlete prepared for a game.
“It will always add up to this John, know that you are meant to be mine. I’ve been yours for so long. I just didn’t know how to say it. Of course, you surprised me by changing the language from one that I had no words for to one that I did.”
“Morning.”  He glanced at the blackboard as he went into the kitchen. “Tea?” He spoke softly against Sherlock's shoulder. The detective pushed John’s favorite mug toward him; tea made exactly how John liked it.
Deciding his bladder needed some attention, he staggered into the loo. Whenever his shoulder acted up, he felt all the other joints in his body more acutely. He listened to the creaks as he walked. After his usual daily ablutions were completed, he felt more awake and ventured into the kitchen for a cuppa. He was pleased to see the kitchen table clear of its usual mess of experiments, ready for a morning spread. John filled the kettle with water and turned it on. He opened the designated “clean” cupboard and picked the two mugs closest to him.
He pulled back, letting his lips tease the underside of the tip, and then took him deeper, finding a rhythm. When he felt the head of Sherlock's cock against the back of his throat, he relaxed his muscles and swallowed. Sherlock trembled, his cock swelling. John sucked harder and bobbed faster. Each time that John pulled back, he felt the tension humming through Sherlock’s body.
“I want to know everything. The web, and everything you have on Moriarty. If John and I are in this, I want all the facts and not the bits you deem relevant. I will call Mummy and have her raise my security clearance.” Sherlock looked pointedly at Mycroft when he mentioned their mother.
“You used the Le Miel des Merveilles?” Sherlock blinked at John and then at his cup. He removed the headphones and laid them on his lap.
Sherlock traced John’s scar gently. He placed a little kiss over a pinkish knot of scar tissue. Normally, John didn’t feel much there, but Sherlock’s lips pressing against it made heat rush to John’s groin.
“Fine. Come in then. Don’t touch the pans or the prints. Some of them are wet. I’m going upstairs and taking a shower.” He shook his head as Sherlock reached for him.
“He doesn’t have to follow me; we’re taking my car. I’ll have the card in your office in the morning, Detective Lestrade.” John called back as he walked faster to catch up with Sherlock. The man had stopped walking and looked at John with an expression that he couldn’t make out.
“I’ll handle it.” Sherlock’s voice sounded deeper than usual. John resisted the urge to kiss the throat that sex-laden voice came from and wondered if he’d done it on purpose.
“Leave. Now.” John grabbed Moran’s hand and jerked it away from Sherlock. He felt the muscles in Moran’s hand tense. Sebastian looked around the room and back at John. He took a step back and straightened his suit jacket sharply.
A wounded man lay screaming in the sand. John threw himself down beside him, intent on saving him. But his pack held nothing but rolls and rolls of negatives. The screaming grew louder and deeper, a rich baritone that rumbled from the injured man’s chest.
“I saw them all. You like taking pictures of me when I’m not looking.” Sherlock placed a teasing bite on John’s neck.
John could smell Sherlock's body, the sweat of the fight, the blood. It was a concentration of their life together. Running through London, the thrill of the chase. It drove John crazy with desire. Sherlock’s mouth tasted faintly of copper and something under that, a creamy hint of tea. John pushed his tongue into Sherlock's mouth for more of it. He wanted to know how Sherlock’s whole body tasted.
John exhaled a tired sigh. “It doesn’t matter; they’re... involved. Married, for all intents and purposes. Not interested in me. Told me as much once, over dinner.”
He picked up his iPod and selected Sting to listen to while he soaked. He wanted something mellow. He looked at his phone one last time but there was still no text from Sherlock. John felt a surge of nervous energy and left the humid room to get a beer from the fridge. The cold air caused goosebumps to rise all over his skin. John felt a little decadent walking around the flat in the nude.
He took a picture of the sliding panel that had been forced open and moved around the cluster of people, further into the room.
“Don’t be absurd. Of course, you’re staying in here.”  Sherlock pulled the little plastic bag from his pocket. The bloody note had begun to darken from scarlet to brown.
“I left it the day I moved out of here. It was everything I couldn’t say to you because you were gone.”  He unbuttoned the shirt he had worn home.
He grabbed his phone and wallet and left to find a record player. He was a genius, after all, how hard could it be?
“You’re married to his brother?” John tried to imagine what a sibling to the man in front of him would resemble.
Sherlock’s erection pressed against the fabric of his pajama bottoms, the intensity of his arousal surprised the detective. He heard the hiss that escaped John. The blond man was frustrated; this problem isn’t as easy as any of the others, not by a long shot.
Sherlock stalked off towards Baker Street without a word and John followed. The rain let up and back to a mere chilly mist.
“Sherlock, you will stop this right now. I am helping you with these, and we’re leaving together. No way you’re walking across London barefoot. Not adding gangrene on top of your injuries is high on our list of priorities tonight. God knows what you’ll step on just in here.” He used his Captain Watson voice and, to his amusement, Sherlock stopped and allowed him to help with his shoes. He didn’t say another word.
John pushed Sherlock’s trousers and pants slowly down to his thighs, watching as more skin was revealed. John gasped when he saw Sherlock’s cock. Even in the red light, Sherlock looked like something made of marble. His long body was perfectly proportioned, the embodiment of da Vinci’s ideal man. He had often wondered what Sherlock would look like naked; this surpassed his imagination.
“I believe yes, but there is more. There is another man involved, his name is Jim Moriarty. He’s built himself quite a criminal empire and I know Mycroft wishes to dismantle it. We’ll look at it together. Mycroft is up to something, and I’ll know more when I see the data.”
“A relationship? John Watson doesn’t do relationships. He just gets on his knees and opens his mouth for the next available prick.” Sebastian shoved his finger into Sherlock’s chest and that made John snap.
“Well, at least my brother is good for something.” Sherlock sighed, opened the door, and climbed in.
“I enjoyed your photographs.” Sherlock’s tickling breath made the small hairs on John’s neck stand up.
“I am married to my work. You’ll just have to be my mistress. Problem?” Sherlock popped his P and rubbed his nose along John's jaw. John was enjoying the oddity of Sherlock slumped down enough that they were almost face to face. He was surprised by the ease with which Sherlock was holding this position.
Sherlock brought his hands to cup either side of John’s jaw. John knew that he was memorizing every detail as John placed a kiss on the head of his cock. He slowly rubbed his lips along the velvety skin. Sherlock groaned low in his throat and slid his hands into John’s hair, tugging slightly.
John surveyed the room with a critical eye. A dead man sat at a table, books open and scattered around him. Anderson stood across from the body, clad in his ridiculous paper outfit holding a book, which he idly flipped through. John’s face gave an involuntary spasm of disgust as Anderson licked his finger and turned a page.
John couldn't decide what colour they were. He saw blues, greens and another colour that wasn’t brown exactly but wasn’t tawny either. He struggled not to look away first, even as his cheeks warmed. But he did look down, noticing the blue of Sherlock’s shirt made his eyes seem more celestial. John met his gaze and felt like he was looking into the remnants of a supernova.
“Excuse me?” John blinked for a moment, not understanding. His body automatically turned, and he limped slightly as he closed the distance between them. John stuck his camera into his jacket to give it more shelter.
John tried to casually walk around the gallery, but couldn’t stay in once place for very long. His nerves were getting the best of him as he waited for Sherlock.
John laid it out on the bed and grabbed his newest pair of dark Levi’s. He had bought them recently and hadn’t worn them yet. They were tighter than his usual corduroys. They would work for tonight, he decided.
“You think you’re so fucking smart. Oh man. He is going to burn you all. You think you know what the score is, but you have no clue. It’s going to be wonderful watching him rip your hearts out.” Moran choked out another laugh. “Do me a favour Red and just shoot me. Be so much faster than what Jim will have planned, if he believes I’ve turned on him.”
Anderson was gearing up for a well-rehearsed stream of dialogue. John held up his hand and interrupted him.
“Looks like we’re alone, dear. Shall we go home? Sarah said it was ok.” Mrs Hudson appeared next to him.
“You must’ve had a rough day, John. Oh, you picked me up flavored honey sticks!”  He opened a bag of strawberry flavored honey sticks as he watched his blogger standing in front of the board.
“What is it, John?”  Sherlock’s voice was soft. He held a pair of John’s pajama pants and a t-shirt.
Keeping their mouths locked together, John pushed Sherlock back into the mouth of the alley they had just passed. Sherlock pulled back, his eyes flickering the buildings for any CCTV cameras. With a low growl, Sherlock kissed him again. Their tongues met and danced around each other for a moment before John took Sherlock’s in his mouth and sucked on it. He ground his hips, looking for friction against Sherlock hard thigh. The taller man leaned back against the wall and pulled John into him.
The back of the man’s head was caved in, what appeared to be two parallel concave wounds that matched the lamp base. John fought the urge to check for a pulse. He took several shots of the table, then close ups of disturbances in the dust.
Sherlock’s hair was brushed back, the curls tamed. He wore bespoke black trousers that showed off how muscular his thighs were. John loved feeling the hidden strength in those thighs as his hands moved over them before he grabbed Sherlock’s perfect arse. Sherlock looked resplendent in a black silk shirt.
John spotted Mrs Hudson talking to Mycroft and Greg but he didn’t see Sherlock with them. He stood up straighter and searched the crowd for the tall detective’s Belstaff.
“That was incredible. Really… amazing.” John pulled a stool out and felt how short he was, as he climbed to untie the white sheet he had tacked to the ceiling. He descended carefully, subconsciously protecting his leg.
“It’s just his thing. We don’t talk about it.”  It was the truth. Well, most of it. How could Sherlock tell Lestrade he thought maybe the doctor, and he were writing love letters to each other with cardinal numbers and standard form?
“You look like I did the first time my work was shown.” Sarah handed him a glass of champagne and tilted her head, a little frown on her face. “Don’t worry; we pre-sold a lot of tickets. They did a write-up on us in the Style section of the Wednesday paper.”
Again, he felt the urge to touch the other man, to smell his sweat and taste the trickle of blood that ran down across his clavicle. Sherlock usually smelled like Baker Street, expensive shampoo, tea, and rosin. Right now he smelt like London, of decay, dirt and sweat. He smelt like adrenaline and victory.
The rest of the manor held nothing as far as John could see. Nothing besides graffiti and debris. The hidden room beneath the stairs contained a bookcase that spanned the length of the chamber, with books still lining its shelves. The glass was still mostly intact on the doors. Dust lay thick everywhere.
The art in this chapter was comissioned from Camillo1978. She was absolutely amazing to work with and I think you should totally click this link:
Greg and Moran sat against the back, while Sherlock and Mycroft took the seat across from them. They shared the seat but didn’t touch. They communicated with eye contact and barely perceivable body movements. Neither spoke another word but held an entire conversation.
“What? Why didn’t you take him to the Met?” John made a fist. Pain shot across his knuckles, travelled up his arm, and nestled into his shoulder. He narrowed his eyes at Sherlock. “What did Moran say?”
“You just missed him. He was looking rather sharp, too. None of those silly t-shirts he usually wears. He had on a lovely oatmeal jumper. And he didn’t smell like any of those chemicals.” She waved her hand as if to ward off the smell of developer, and began sweeping the steps again. “I think he must have a date.”
Whatever was coming, John would do anything to protect this. He felt himself slipping into Captain Watson mode again, only this time he felt more focused. The war had been for a greater good, but this was for much more personal.
John squeezed his eyes closed, the pain in his shoulder just barely surpassed by the embarrassment he felt. He wanted to escape home to Baker Street and forget this whole night. He nodded to Sherlock, not trusting the quality of his voice.
Sherlock turned around and strode to the door without waiting for John or  looking back to see if he was following.
“Oh dear, don’t be silly. That man started it.” Her hand moved to the back of John’s neck and he hung his head in shame nonetheless.
Beneath the layers of his subconscious, John knew he was sleeping. That didn’t stop his heart from pounding when the shots began to fire.
“Because this is not your division.Things may go south and I would not ask you to bend your ethics.” The last bit came out softly. Mycroft reached out and took Lestrade’s hand. He frowned at the red knuckles.
“Should take an hour to develop and then the usual drying time.” John pushed Sherlock’s tea towards him. Sherlock nodded and smiled, his eyes leaving the microscope for a moment. The beating he had taken earlier was showing. Circles had formed under his eyes, the bruising across his cheekbone was blossoming into a terrific puffy mess. After this case was finished, John resolved to turn both their phones off for at least two days.
“I’ll see you at the scene in a bit?”   Greg gazed at the board, obviously trying to work out the mystery of it.
“I’m so close, please. I’m so close.” Sherlock let go of John’s hair and grabbed the work bench. John heard the fluttering of prints as they were pushed off the table onto the floor beside him.
“It’s from that case I went on yesterday with Lestrade. The murdered secondary maths teacher.”  Sherlock broke away from his contemplation of the equations to check out what John had brought him from the shop.
He dipped Sherlock’s favourite teaspoon into the clear, dark amber coloured honey. He drizzled it on the toast and then dipped the spoon again and placed the loaded spoon into Sherlock’s mug.
Everything finally comes together. Look for a very slight nod to Shawn of the Dead. Like barely a nod.
The scene was something out of a horror movie. Two bodies, both without heads, laying on their backs, holding hands. However, Sherlock quickly deduced the window had been forced open, something that Anderson had missed. He found the pair of shoe prints confirming that two people had dragged the bodies in and set them up.
“I’ll tell you everything tomorrow, when I know more. Mycroft is sending over some information. Are you ok?”
The first floor of the building had almost no glass left in the windows. The white of the outer walls was grey-washed in the sunshine. The door, when he stepped through it, appeared to have been kicked off the hinges. There was spray paint all over the place. The usual ‘Little Roy loves Dick’, and other juvenile prose was scribbled about the walls from the floor to about 6 feet up. Above that, there were clean stretches of ornate wallpaper that stuck in lines of old glue but hung in tatters elsewhere. John made a mental note to come back and take pictures of this place another day, if he could get permission. He’d love to capture the dichotomy of the modern graffiti and 19th-century luxury. John looked through the lens of his camera and snapped a few practice pictures. The crumbling staircase, the rainbow of spray paint splashed about.
“Nothing, I just remembered something. I don’t need to stay here Sherlock; I’m fine.”  He turned to look at his flatmate. Sherlock looked so uncertain and lost, unable to stay still. He shifted from foot to foot. He looked younger; his face, sheltered behind the mask of aloofness that John now knew was fake.
His flat was minuscule but tidy. John had covered a whole wall with photographs; prints of his time in the army and pictures of London. Sherlock shrugged off his wet coat, and John took it from him to hang up. Sherlock strode towards the wall of photos without a second glance.
“Yes, I’ll come in and pick up the paperwork.” John hung up and hoped he wouldn’t have to work with Anderson. He couldn’t stand that guy.
John and Sherlock work a case that goes south very fast. John finally invites Sherlock to his Photography Show. Also pie in bed.
“No. No problem.” John stood, put his curry leftovers into the fridge and grabbed his well-worn leather jacket and digital camera. “Let’s go.” He smiled at the taller man.
John took a deep breath and exhaled through his mouth. What was he going to wear? He dashed upstairs to his room, taking the steps two at a time, opened his dresser, and began to pull out his favourite t-shirts.
Sherlock sat on the middle cushion of the couch. His hair seemed more wild than usual when held down by the band of his headphones. The record player sat in front of him. Sherlock had his hands steepled under his nose in his usual mind palace pose.
“I’m looking for this book.”  He pulled it out and handed it to Sherlock. It was ‘The Sceptical Chymist.’
“Mine’s not quite as impressive as yours.” John huffed a laugh as Sherlock sucked harder on his throat. John moaned and pressed his aching cock against Sherlock’s hip.
John’s lip quirked, thinking of the conversation at Angelo’s. They had gone there after the Murderous Fishmonger Case to celebrate how well the blog post was doing. John had tried to gauge if Sherlock was even interested in men and Sherlock had said he was married to his work.
With his new purchase in tow, he made his way out of the store to the narrow two lane road. The skies were filled with grey clouds and a chill of impending rain was in the air. His brother texted him again.
He opened the door to John’s room, careful not to let the hinge creak. It usually made a noise around 76.3 degrees and Sherlock wanted to avoid that. He slipped inside silently, his thoughts still on the many layers of John Watson. A doctor trained to heal, he was also a veteran who had killed to save Sherlock’s life. Inherently moral, yet able to see past it for loyalty.
Sherlock’s pants didn’t hide his arousal. John took advantage, twisting his pelvis to rub against it. Their kisses became more frantic.
“My brother is currently fighting in an underground boxing club. You need the money to buy entrance. The ID is to cover you, should the police raid. They don't, but one never knows. Sherlock is using a false name as well. He’s there as Arthur McMurdo.” Mycroft leant back and checked his phone.
John looked up for a moment and smiled. He took a deep breath, picking Sherlock’s scent from  the chemicals around them, a mix of sweat, sandalwood, and citrus. Sometimes, while John showered, he would open Sherlock’s expensive body wash and smell it. It never smelt right. Something about the way it mixed with Sherlock’s own musk was different. Better.
“Tea?”  Sherlock took down a single mug. He knew Sally would refuse. Probably for the best. He had a moldy mug that would be perfect for her and he’d happily sacrifice the experiment.
John felt more at home chasing Sherlock then at any time in the last few months. Whatever doubts he had, he decided to ignore them. He didn’t have a lease to worry about, so he could move out straight away.
John stood in the middle of an empty stage, illuminated by flickering gaslight. A sea of faded red seats spanned the space in front of him.
He smirked. John directed his attention back to the rutted track that led out of the hills, though he did steal an occasional peek at the man sitting beside him.
Sherlock kept that bit of information stored away for later insults. Constance had been close enough to Mycroft that Greg knew her. That was very fascinating, his brother hardly ever missed things of importance.
“I need to go to the Met and research some old files pertaining to this case.” Sherlock switched the record player off and dropped the headphones onto the table next to it. He stood up, ran his hands through his hair.
“So, let me get this straight. This was all set up to catch a mole? You have evidence that Moran is dirty and dealing guns, you just brought him here to catch Anthea’s assistant?” Greg stood still, his usual over-caffeinated energy gone. His eyes were narrow and his hands clenched into fists.
“Oh, so this is your thing, Watson?  I figured this was some formula for drugs or something that freak was working on. Maybe a poison that kills without leaving a trace.”  She made a face at Sherlock. Lestrade looked uncomfortable, and Sherlock glared at her.
“I think you broke my brain, John.” Sherlock sucked on John’s neck, biting and licking. Each nip made John’s cock throb. “Let’s go upstairs and I’ll see if I can break yours.”
He hadn’t spoken to John since he’d left that morning. He’d been eagerly waiting for John to get his note and text him.
John took a picture of the table and the book on the floor. Then, to annoy the man who tried to loom over him, John snapped a picture of Anderson. The paper clad man rolled his eyes and left the room with an over dramatic sigh.
The sleeve was black and completely blank, front and back. Sherlock let the album slide out onto his palm.
He turned and aimed the camera at Sherlock. Usually, he couldn’t take shots like this. Sherlock didn’t stand still long. He’d only ever managed to capture Sherlock in motion. Always moving, like a small hurricane. Except for the few times at the end of a case, when the man would curl up on the couch and fall asleep. Those were John’s favorite pictures.
“He was caught off guard. Either he knew the person or he didn’t hear them. I doubt the latter because the room is secret. He’d see and hear someone coming in.” John moved out and away from the body as he spoke, taking pictures of the entire scene.
“No need. You’ve both been cleared on this since the moment we left the gallery. I’ll have everything sent over in the morning.”
“Yes, well, of course, John. Sentiment. Please hand me my towel. The grey one, your towels are scratchy.” Sherlock pulled away and stood up gracefully.
“I won’t go unless he’s the forensic photographer.” Sherlock stood up and dropped his blue dressing gown off his shoulders into a heap of satin on the floor.
He dug into his pocket and pulled out a plastic bag to cover the camera, a trick he learned in Afghanistan to keep sand out.
His eyes travelled to one of Mrs Hudson, her head back in a laugh caught forever, her floral house dress filled with colour and her hand on Sherlock’s arm. He wasn’t in the picture, but John remembered that day so clearly. It was a few days after the fishmonger case and Sherlock had just given her a blow by trout blow of his narrow escape from bodily harm.
For a moment, it looked like Sebastian might turn and leave, but instead, he threw a sucker punch and caught John perfectly between his eye and cheek.
“It’s not for sale; I’ll give it to you after it’s over,” John told Greg, who was watching Mycroft talk to Sarah.
“You’ll document the scene with the Nikon. I like the pictures better, and I can see things clearer.” Sherlock shifted until he was comfortable on the leather seat. John felt him settle so their thighs touched.
On the day that John left for basic training, his sister Harry had given him a digital camera; she muttered something about having a hobby besides shagging. She paused,swept her Watson golden blonde hair from her forehead, and dug for something more to say.
The rain went from a light misting to an ugly downpour in a matter of moments. John debated wrapping it up and leaving.
When it was perfect, he left the chalk on the coffee table and returned to his room, making sure he slammed the door so John would hear it. Then, quickly Sherlock quietly opened it a crack so he could watch John.
The rolling hills of wild grass John drove past were overgrown, but lush and green. A grand manor came into view just as he crested the hill. He followed the small road and beheld what was clearly the crime scene. The line of police cars and emergency vehicles seemed foreign in the grand circular driveway in front of the manor. He parked behind the last car and grabbed his gear from the boot. He peered up at the facade of the building, still striking even with the damage of neglect. He slung his gear bag over his right shoulder.
John tucked his Sig into the back of his jeans, pulled his favourite leather jacket over it, and jogged downstairs. He stopped just long enough to grab his bag.
As usual, John was a whirlwind of surprises. Sherlock smiled at the delightful paradox his flatmate had proven to be.
“Yes.” He shook his head briskly and strode toward the car without looking back. When he reached the kerb, he waited for John to unlock the door.
“So, is it me, or is John Watson a bloody hedgehog of doom?  That guy is scary. I thought you and your brother were scary, but I saw the two guys who lived. They aren’t going to be breaking into clinics to steal drugs or hurt anyone anytime soon.”  Lestrade toasted the notion with his cup of weak coffee.
John was currently on a date. A surge of irrational sentiment coursed through Sherlock. He had the sudden urge to head upstairs and start a detailed experiment on the corrosive effects of H2SO4 on vinyl.
“John’s picture’s were pretty great. Did you get to see them all, Sherlock?” Lestrade was nervous, and when he was nervous, he made idle small talk. It was a trait that both Holmeses despised.
Getting into an underground fight club was considerably easier than John thought it would be. He just handed the stack of pounds over, and in he went.
“We’re flatmates, John. I don’t need to ask your permission to do anything; you didn’t need my permission to go on a date tonight. Stay out of my business and I’ll stay out of yours.”
A man made a rather high pitched scream as the two men rolled into him and knocked him down. Sebastian utilised John’s distraction and landed a punch to his ribs. The crowd scattered as the fight became dirtier. John felt a zing of pleasure as he landed a hit and felt Moran’s lip split against his teeth.
Sherlock sounded wrecked, and that drove John to keep going. John wrapped his right hand around Sherlock’s thigh, his fingers digging in. With his other he ran his fingers through Sherlock's crisp pubic hair. He followed the trail of hair, letting his finger trace the outline of Sherlock's navel. He spread his hand wide and slid it up over his lower abs. He pressed as he bobbed his head, feeling a thrill run up his fingertips when he felt Sherlock’s muscles flex from the pleasure John was giving him.
John closed his eye and eased back against Sherlock. Behind him, Sherlock relaxed as well. For a moment John thought about turning this into something more, he felt Sherlock’s soft cock press against him, but he was exhausted. Right now he just wanted to be exactly where he was.
“I’m the Forensics on this scene. My name’s Philip Anderson.” His voice was nasally and he didn’t offer to shake hands. John watched Anderson give him a quick once over and determine that he wasn’t a person of importance.
“Oh, I didn’t have a date. I met with someone about showing some of my pictures. Don’t tell Sherlock, though; I want to surprise him.” He smiled at her. “Is he home? It was dark up there when I got in.”
John’s whisper was the most erotic thing Sherlock had ever heard in his life,  something he wanted to hear next to his ear as he pushed himself into John’s body. It sounded like heat, lust, and sex. The hair on his neck prickled and he shivered, his erection throbbing at the thought. Sherlock debated if he should start collecting data to see if he had a maths kink as well. He dismissed this; he had a John Watson kink.
He ignored the feeling of sadness that crept in as he waited for her reply. Harry was the catalyst for all of this, each picture he took in a way he felt grateful to her. He remembered her that morning, before he left for training. Her blonde hair pulled into a braid. The sun had glinted on the crown of her head and John remembered squinting against the shine. She had insisted that he find the beauty in the world around him so he wouldn’t grow bitter. John had wanted to take a picture of her when she said that. He wanted to remember her forever that morning, with her good intentions, he had felt that maybe they both escaped their childhood. Even as children they were polar opposites. John had escaped their abusive alcoholic father by enlisting. She hadn’t escaped, she had followed in his footsteps.
John stared at that pale chest, the defined muscles and dusting of brown hair across Sherlock’s pecs. He found the small trail of hair that started below Sherlock’s belly-button to be one of the most erotic sights he had ever seen. A smoky curl of adrenaline mixed with lust twisted in his gut.
Sherlock gripped the table so hard it started to thump against the wall in time with John’s mouth. The hand in his hair pulled sharply making John moan around Sherlock’s cock. John felt the already thick cock swell and without warning Sherlock climaxed, pulsing his release against the back of John’s throat. John kept sucking.
Leaving the water made gravity feel much heavier. Both of his legs tingled as circulation started to flow again. John grabbed his towel and wrapped it around his waist.
Moran sat at a metal table. Its gleaming surface was covered in small scratches. The kind that often happens after repeated cleanings. Even with his nose broken, his wrists handcuffed to the table, with a bright hot light over his head, Moran appeared cool and calm. His spine was ramrod straight. The posture reminded Sherlock of John for a moment and he dismissed it.
“He’s with me. I’ll ask him.” John held the phone away from his mouth. “Greg says there’s been a murder and he needs you to look into it.”
The rain trickled down the back of his neck, under the collar of his jacket. John wondered if Sherlock could see steam from where the icy water touched his heated skin. Sherlock pulled the zip of his jacket down, and thrust his hands under John’s shirt to touch skin. John could feel the calloused pads of violinist fingertips cataloguing and memorizing his flesh, leaving warm trails in their wake.
“Why is it here?”  John sat the bags on the kitchen table; the marmalade jar clanked solidly protesting its rough treatment. John ignored it. He strode over to look at the markings that covered the blackboard. Sherlock observed how John’s face lit with exasperation and intense concentration. How his eyes danced over the blackboard taking in every detail. John’s mouth was a thin line, he licked his lips and bent forward to look closer. Sherlock noticed how serious John looked and went back to looking at the blackboard as well.
“Anderson won’t work with me. He’s a blundering buffoon.” Sherlock uncurled his long legs and stretched. “I want John Watson. He’s not a complete idiot.”
Although he had never worked with DI Lestrade before, John immediately found him to be a decent bloke who knew his rugby.
“John is one of the bravest men I’ve ever met.” Greg shook his right fist out, wincing. Moran held his nose, moaning as blood spurted between his fingers.
“Requested by whom? It’s my day off.” John looked around, as if to verify that he stood in the middle of Regent Park. It was a beautiful day. A few white clouds moved slowly across the expanse of a cobalt sky. The breeze through the park cut the heat of the sun, and John had begun to fill a roll of film. He’d already spent some time with the roses in the Queen Mary Garden. He’d planned to have lunch at one of the kiosks. It appeared that would have to wait for another day.
By the morning, the nurses and staff were half afraid of John and half annoyed with Sherlock and completely thrilled to see the backside of them both. Mycroft sent a car, and they took it thankfully. Neither man spoke on the way. Sherlock looked distant, and John still felt the pull of the strong pain medications he was still taking. Sherlock helped John up the first flight of stairs into the flat and then led him to his room.
“Fuck. Your ribs.” He stood and pulled off Sherlock’s hoodie. It seemed strange to see him dressed this way, without his usual suits. John flashed to his dream for a moment.
“Watson. What happened to King? He was supposed to take film.” Anderson narrowed his eyes and snapped the book closed, tossing it to the floor. John could see the light square of clean table where the book had been.
“Not much to tell. I was on stage, you were wearing that, and then I was in Afghanistan, and it was a nightmare. I get them, usually when I’m overly tired.” John ran his hands through his hair.
Sherlock would make a point to get dinner and leave John alone with the board. When he returned, the equations would be solved, and John would be either quietly sitting in his usual spot reading or he’d be upstairs and would come down when Sherlock called him to dinner. Sherlock noted all the signs that John had masturbated after completing his task. His complexion rosy, his clothing straightened but rumpled sometimes. After a set of difficult problems, he noted that John in his haste had re-buttoned his shirt incorrectly, and the box of tissues in a different spot. Sherlock deduced that John’s usual masturbation habits increased on the days there were new problems to solve. Sherlock also noticed that John was more relaxed than usual afterward.
“That feels lovely, Lock.”  John was slipping into sleep. He wanted to remember this forever. He opened his eyes to watch for another moment, but he was fading fast.
A misunderstanding makes Sherlock want to destroy his flatmate's record collection, and John gets to go undercover to drag his consulting detective home again.
The tattooed man lay face down, but he was still breathing. Sherlock stumbled a bit, clutching his side, but made his way out of the ring under his own steam.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and scrunched his nose at the nearest CCTV camera. Yet, he went directly to Berwick Street, where he found an independent record store. He was able to purchase a small portable record player that the salesperson assured him had quality sound.
The ride to John’s flat was short. He tried to control his shuddering while he glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock looked out the window, then pulled out his phone and began texting. He sat incredibly still, but John still felt as if the other man was fidgeting. Impatience seemed to radiate from him, and the longer he sat still, the worse it became. John sighed with relief when he spotted his building.
Later, when he thought back on that day, he would remember that it started to rain. He felt each icy cold drop as it snaked beneath the collar of his overcoat when he jumped out of the cab, threw bills at the driver, and ran towards the ambulance lights. They washed the front of the clinic and the rain-drenched streets in a bloody red light.
“Yes. I became aware of his connection to John when you did. I didn’t expect him to be here on a recruiting mission.” Mycroft straightened the cuffs of his shirt and peered at the man still shackled to the table.
The voice that rumbled out did not match the body in John’s opinion. This man was long and lean, almost lanky, and the voice was a rich baritone, deep and molten.
John came downstairs and found the flat empty. He was dressed and ready to go, but he didn’t want to leave. He wanted the morning back, only without Lestrade and that hateful bitch Donovan. He hated to lose his temper. It made him feel more like his father than he cared for.
He dug into the side pocket of his bag for an unopened memory card, peeled it out of its packaging, and slotted it into the digital camera.
“You know how he hates boredom. Sometimes, in the past, he would get into a bit of a scuffle.” She fixed the towel that was covering the sandwiches, tracing the vine design on the cloth to avoid looking at John as she spoke.
Greg smiled at the sight of his husband and brother-in-law stunned into silence. He pulled out his iPhone and took a picture. Sherlock scowled and shifted in his seat. Greg laughed and took another picture.
Was he embarrassed, or was it something else?  Looking at the equations on the board, and knowing about the note waiting for the doctor in his coat made him feel very vulnerable. It was a scary feeling. It was sentiment. After everything they had been through together, the fall and John’s divorce — was this the right time for this?
“Lestrade called him in, although we don’t need him. He’s a posh know-it-all. He does this trick where he can tell you what you had for lunch, that kind of  nonsense. Just wait until you meet him. You’ll see.”
“That is just a bunch of concrete I found interesting. I took those to study the contrast. I like old buildings.” John felt silly saying that.
He heard the gunfire. With instincts born in combat both in Afghanistan and the back alleys of London, he ducked down and grabbed his phone from his pocket.
“Your faces! I’m printing this out and having it hung up on a wall next to John’s stuff.” He flashed the screen of his phone towards Sherlock. The look on his face did match Mycroft's fairly well. He would have to reflect on this at a later time and determine a way to stop that from ever happening again.
A moment of emotion flashed in Mycroft’s eyes, the muscles around his mouth pulled for exactly 1.3 seconds.
John finally took the head of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth and held it there for a moment. The crown was broad and the same thickness as the rest of his shaft. He needed time to adjust to the girth. He could feel his lips stretch to take it. He flicked his tongue to taste the salty pre-come that had collected while he explored. John wanted more. He slowly took more of Sherlock’s length into his mouth, groaning as his jaw strained. John sucked softly as he became accustomed to the thickness of Sherlock’s cock. Every moan, every noise that he coaxed out of Sherlock made his own cock harder. John ignored it. Everything he had was focused on bringing the other man pleasure.
“Anthea is ready and will start in a moment. Gregory, I think you should leave.” Mycroft’s voice cut through Sherlock’s thoughts.
Sherlock sat on the couch, popped a honey stick into his mouth, and let the honey ooze onto his tongue. He waited for John to come back downstairs. Sherlock made a new room in his mind palace for all the data he would be collecting.  He would have to buy a blackboard for the flat, he decided. Yes, he would need one that he could fill with all kinds of wonderful equations for his blogger.
Sherlock could hear the modulated sounds of the recording. It was professionally done, and he was sure it could stand in court as a confession. The idea of Mycroft having the kind of power to electronically manipulate someone’s voice like that made Sherlock feel a bit of awe. He quickly sniffed it and paid closer attention to the details unfolding before him.
“I need all of the pictures you took of this area. Anderson missed that.” He pointed to a close-up of the hair and skin stuck to the bricks.
Please keep a look out at chapter titles and the music and or John's t-shirt :) I had a lot of fun finding the perfect song for each chapter.
London was sleeping and the regular noise of the city was muted as they left the abandoned warehouse. The only sounds were the occasional swish of a distant car and the muffled thud of their steps. John doubted they would find a cab, given the hour, and he resigned himself to walking all the way to Baker Street. The darkness felt thick and oppressive. Making John instinctively search for any sign of light. John looked at the streetlamp and wondered how the area would’ve looked under gaslight. He shuddered and rubbed his hands together briskly. The usual London mist turned into icy rain. John cursed under his breath and glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye.
John pulled his camera out and snapped several pictures in quick succession. He could mask the horror of watching his friend take a beating on purpose. Holding his camera he was just observing. Without, he wanted to jump in and kill someone for landing a single punch on that exotic face.
John was in a daze. He hadn’t sent any more texts to Sherlock, but he compulsively checked his phone in case he had missed any responses. He ambled into the bathroom and started the tub. He dumped some of Sherlock’s shower gel into the steamy water. The smell immediately made John long for Sherlock to come home.
He went into is room and changed into dry denim and a Frazier's Chorus t-shirt. It was his favourite shirt, his first concert with his first girlfriend. He grabbed a towel for Sherlock.
“So, what can I do for you Lestrade?”  Sherlock handed him his tea. Lestrade looked at the blackboard as he told them about the case. Sherlock focused on Lestrade, but he watched John out of the corner of his eye. John sipped his tea, but something in his gaze wasn’t his usual calm self. He watched Sally with narrowed eyes.
“He died of blunt force trauma. At least two hits with that lamp base to the occiput.” He pointed to the spots, then took several pictures of the lamp and the dead man’s body where he lay.
The warehouse was old, and all that remained of it was the foundation and a few walls. The ceiling was long gone, as were most of the upper floors. John could see the night sky from where he stood.
“Don’t worry about it; people will come back. People will try to figure out why you got chinned. Everyone will be talking about it, and I’ve seen tweets about it already.” She held her phone out for him to see.
John paused in drying off, his eyebrows raised as he read it. Of course, Sherlock could figure all that out.
John wanted to, the mental visual of Sherlock posing for him naked and in the bath went straight to his cock. He could feel it slowly start to harden. His body told him another story. Everything hurt and the idea of getting out of the bath right that moment was too much to bear.
Sherlock sauntered out of the bedroom dressed, as usual, in a bespoke suit. He stood at the door, pulling on his Belstaff and watching John carefully.
“No, that’s not necessary. It was just in my dream you were wearing one. I just... “ John felt foolish. His cheeks burned as sharply focused  blue-green eyes roamed over him.
“May I borrow your phone to text Gavin?” Sherlock asked, his eyes still trained on the scene before him.
He had obviously figured equations like this before; it was second nature to him. John knew to wet his fingertip to leave the answers without using chalk. It felt intimate to Sherlock. And clearly to John as well.  He had been incredibly turned on by the whole incident and, Sherlock deduced, had run upstairs to masturbate. It was so clear, John’s elevated breathing, his dilated pupils, the light sheen of sweat that had covered the doctor's brow. John’s body language as he solved the calculations, the detective had noticed the flush of pink that tinged the doctor's face and even his embarrassment as he ran up to his room. Sherlock formed a hypothesis: John Watson had a maths kink.
John waited a beat, then another. Sherlock shifted his weight from one foot to the other and back again. Amusement bubbled in John’s chest, and he smiled at Sherlock. He could feel confusion and excitement humming across his skin, prickling the little hairs on his arms.
The next day, John wrote a blog about the moulding and how it was the landlord. He left out many of the grislier details, instead focusing on the brilliant deductions of the Consulting Detective.
Lymphandei and I have put together a Tumblr account to showcase our favourite Sherlock Fandom fanfics. These are gems that we want to recommend to you! Check us out here!
John couldn’t see his face, but he could smell the coppery tang of blood, almost taste it on the tip of his tongue. The blood bubbled up in great gouts and John couldn’t stop it. All he had was the film.
“I’m going to relax. I’m feeling very lazy.” John gathered everything up on the tray and took it back into the kitchen.
“Who are you interested in?” Sherlock’s voice was low. John could feel the other man’s intense gaze roaming over him, cataloging any tells that John might have.
He left the interview with a job that paid barely better than his pension, but the pain in his leg had dulled. He tempered the excitement he felt with a solemness that seemed appropriate for a Forensic Photographer.
“I turned on your mp3 player when I was trying to wake you up. I deleted if it was safe to wake someone abruptly from a nightmare.” He nodded towards John’s iPod and speaker dock for a moment.
“Sherlock, I can make it up to my room. You don’t need to fuss over me.”  Honestly, John didn’t want to go back up to his room. He wanted to curl up and surround himself with the sight and scent of Sherlock. He glanced back and saw that Sherlock had already left the room. He was talking to himself.
“I play the violin at odd hours and sometimes I don’t speak for days,” Sherlock graced John with a small smile.
They were John’s favourites. Some of the prints were available for sale, but John wouldn’t sell these. Sherlock standing under the streetlight, his face still bloody from the fight, his eyes tired and looking up to see the rain. The next was his smile, as he pulled John in for their first kiss. The whole gallery was filled with pictures, but those were the best.
“Well, yeah.” John fought the urge to submerge himself. He licked his lips and turned his head to look up at Sherlock. He wanted to see if Sherlock liked the idea or if he was teasing him.
“Do you still have doubts?”  Sherlock knelt down and pulled off John’s shoes and socks, and then his trousers. He helped him into his pajama bottoms.
“He’s a freak. He does that. Give him a few more minutes and he’ll drag up your embarrassing secrets. Isn’t that right, Freak? Lestrade, call him off or he’ll scare this one off too.” The woman from earlier joined them. John pushed down a desire to defend Sherlock.
John stood behind his car, the boot open as he selected the items he would need. After three unforeseen trips back to his flat, he learned to pack what he’d need in his car before he left.
The sight of Sherlock’s microscope brought him again to mind. He debated calling and leaving a voicemail. He worried his bottom lip, wondering if he should text Greg and see if he had any better luck reaching them.
John coughed and shifted in his seat. “I have extra film in that side pocket. Want to learn how to load it?” He started to wind the roll that was currently in his camera. He didn’t want to taint first kisses with a murder scene.
Standing in the middle of the sidewalk would not work for anything that John wanted to do to Sherlock.
John watched the tall man jerk away from him and, it seemed, scan everything at once. He wasn’t sure if this man could contain the energy he was exuding. The man took out a small magnifying glass and began to look at what seemed like trivial things.  His soaking wet coat made snapping sounds as he whipped around cataloguing everything.
“Apparently you enjoy snapping when I’m asleep.” Another little bite, this one harder to show his mock annoyance.
John had three rolls of crime scene film in his pocket. Sherlock urged him to go back to Baker Street to start the developing process, which caused another round of muttering from Greg over procedure. The man had clearly given up for the night.
“No, go solve your present. It’s about time someone did. I’ll see you when you get home and then maybe we can be lazy together on the couch.” John turned and kissed Sherlock chastely on the lips.
“You’ve been requested as the Forensic Photographer. The crime scene is in Sussex.” The voice on the other end of the line sounded bored.
“John, wait here.” Sherlock pressed his hand to John’s chest, his voice low and soothing.“I’m going to help Greg escort the Colonel outside.”
John took pictures of the ground, the skips, and then he saw it. A smear of crimson and the shape of a boot print. He knelt and took a close up. He lowered the camera and looked at the scene before him. One of the victims lay on her back, her robe spread around her like terry cloth wings. The material was white in places, but as he knelt, John watched the red seep into those spaces. The other body, John couldn’t accurately pinpoint the sex from his location. It had been hacked into pieces and strung about the alleyway. He could see no pattern to the gruesome jigsaw puzzle.
“Simple. From the pictures on the wall, I can see you were in Afghanistan. I'd wondered. I knew it was a harsh desert climate because of your tan lines and the deep creases at the corners of your eyes. Your eyesight is fine, so it must be from squinting in the sun.” He nodded at John’s bare arms. “The brown line stops at your wrist, so your arms were covered. Determining you were a doctor was more difficult, and I admit I cheated. I overheard Mike Stamford at Bart’s talking about a friend recently back from the war who decided to be a photographer. That was unusual, so I didn’t delete it. I put two and two together.”
“Did you see that game? Worcester was murdered, I felt like we should be investigating that pitch.” Lestrade gestured with his cup as he spoke.
He waited there, listening. A few minutes later, John came down his stairs, Sherlock knew he came to check the board. He didn’t turn on a light, but Sherlock could see him clearly, silhouetted by the outside light as he stood in front of the chalkboard. There his flatmate stood, wearing a faded Fraser's Chorus band t-shirt and dark pants. Sherlock could not make out the color in the dim light; he exhaled quietly, he built a room in his mind palace for how those pants accentuated John’s muscular thighs. John swayed, holding the chalk in his hand. How extraordinary he looked. His hair was almost silver in the light coming in from the windows, the chalk in his hand so white.
“It’s a dangerous game, brother mine. But the web is large and I will crush the spider who makes its nest in the middle.” Mycroft paused and looked at him. Sherlock felt the conviction of his brother's words when their eyes met. Mycroft opened his mouth to speak again, but was interrupted by a boisterous laugh.
One album stuck out farther than the others. The lack of a plastic cover indicated a new purchase. Sherlock pulled it from the shelf.
“Buggery fuck.” His face was frozen agony, and he was worried that Sherlock was committing murder in the alleyway next to the gallery. Thank God Mycroft was there to hide the body.
“The only problem I have currently is the fact that my bollocks are climbing back into my abdomen.” John’s phone rang. He fished it out of his pocket and shielded it from rain, but couldn’t see whose name flashed across the screen.
He let the projector warm up and went into the kitchen as the kettle beeped to fill up their mugs. There was a soft knock on the door, and John opened it.
When John worked, he tended to see everything through the lens of his camera, looking up only to find things to shoot. It hadn’t started to rain, but already the moisture was in the air. It gave the old bricks a sheen that looked slimy.
“Mathematical love note?  Ohhh…. I get it now. Yes, let’s go home, Myc, and have a bath. I’ll even turn my phone off.”
First, I'd like to say that I'm so sorry for being so late with this. I live along the Atlantic coast in Florida and hurricane Matthew was a huge ordeal for my family and me, as well as my beta. That is the reason for this delay! Thank you so much for being patient. I will be posting the next chapter on time! (tomorrow)
“Mmmphh. Not thinking about it, I need curry and sleep. Like our first night together, only I can do what I wanted back then.” John pushed away from Sherlock to climb out of the tub.
“Need to have the Iceman fight your battles, or his little brother. I heard what they call Sherlock Holmes. The virgin.” Moran’s face was contorted with rage. His lip was smeared with blood and drool. He looked like a man unhinged.
“Hmmm? What? Oh no, I’m fine. These pictures are fantastic. You have an eye for photography.” He took the towel from John and went back to the wall, his eyes dancing over the prints as he towelled his hair.
“Just come to C, when you get home. I’ll be working down there.” John laid his hand over Sherlock’s and flattened it so he could slide his fingers between the other man's.
“You don’t own a tux, and you’ll need one. I’m having one delivered. It should be there before we are.”
John walked over to the small bookshelf in the corner of the room. Each volume was lined up perfectly, as they had been that day. The dust even looked the same.
He peeled his clothes off and kicked them into the corner of the loo. His whole body felt like a roadmap of pain. The bruising around his eye was bad and he knew it would worsen as he slept. He couldn’t believe that wanker sucker punched him.
Sherlock didn't respond. John considered sending a text to Greg, but in the end he just wanted to get home and take a long hot bath. Mycroft would surely be the voice of reason. Right? John shook his head, which made his face hurt and that made him angrier.
“Fine, but you’ll owe me one. Hell, you’ll owe John one, too. Poor bastard can’t get a day off. Don’t make this a habit Sherlock. I’m stumped, or I wouldn’t indulge you.”
“You said you were married to your work. I didn’t want to push something you weren’t interested in. I like living here. I like working with you.” He tugged at the drawstrings of Sherlock’s gis.
“They look worse than they feel.” He stepped into the tub behind John and folded himself down. Sherlock’s skin felt like cool silk as it slid against John’s. He stayed leaning forward as Sherlock positioned himself as best he could. His long legs were a bit of problem. John let out more water so it wouldn’t overflow.
“I’ll take those for you, Mrs Hudson. And I think I’ll see what our detective is up to.” John grabbed his bag and the plate of sandwiches.
Out of the corner of his eye, he caught movement at the mouth of the alley and turned toward it. The silhouette of a man paused there; he wore a long overcoat and the collar was popped up to keep out the rain. John snapped a picture of him, then another as he came closer, struck by the man’s appearance. His hair hung in wet, limp curls, and he couldn't tell if they were black or dark brown. His pale features were made paler by the dark hair that framed it. John had just noticed this man’s unusual eyes when he spoke.
He stood, his leg aching from the cold and from the metallic scent that grew stronger the closer he worked to the bodies. John quickly took as many pictures as he could. He felt the tightening in his shoulder and knew that the rain would hit any moment. The dismembered body was a male; John could tell by the gleaming pelvic bone.
Sherlock stared at the blackboard and wondered if the spell was broken. He felt a flash of anger towards Sally. She could torment him with her silly names, but she had upset his John.
“Go to sleep John. I’ll be here when you wake up.”  Sherlock leaned over and kissed the palm of John’s hand.
They both leant against the downstairs entryway wall. John’s tux had fared much better than Sherlock’s. The detective was missing his tie, the top two buttons, and was covered in enough fish scales that John thought perhaps he could be a merman.
“As I got older, I don’t know, it just changed. I had this teacher, and he was great, constantly giving me problems and praising how smart I was. It was the year my dad left, and it felt good to hear that I mattered. Then, in college, I found myself challenged and when I solved it, I got this rush. It was… arousing. It’s not something I have ever shared with anyone.”  He laughed softly, feeling a blush warm his cheeks.
