Castiel rolled his eyes and stood resolutely with his arms crossed for a moment, just out of spite. When the man turned back with an eyebrow raised, though, he huffed and started forward. He followed the man a few blocks south to a brightly-lit diner Castiel had never seen before. The place was relatively occupied, even given the late hour. A few patrons were at the counter sipping at coffee and picking over pieces of pie. An elderly couple sat in a booth in the corner sharing a plate of french fries. Castiel figured he would be safe here with people to act as witnesses in case the green-eyed man decided to kill him.
Dean shrugged out from underneath his grip. “Absolutely.”
Making breakfast together. Dean can handle this. Totally normal thing to do with your one night stand, right? Cas pointedly did not look at him as he ducked around Dean, going around the partition into the small galley kitchen. Dean followed him.
The rush to his head was dizzying and cold in recognition that the man he wanted so desperately was not here. He glanced around the garage, at all the projects Dean was working on, covered by big sheets. The covered whatever-it-was over in the corner that Dean made him swear up and down that he wouldn't look at, even while Dean was gone for three days. The gray couch in the corner that Castiel was quickly getting
Dean colored. “Uh—yes. Very educational.” He wasn’t used to being the almost-virgin in these situations. He nibbled at his toast and took a sip of his scalding instant coffee. The burn helped him hesitate a little longer on a question nagging at his brain. “But it was... okay? There was a lot of emotions, you were pretty upset before...” Dean trailed off.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “You just want everything to be like a movie.”
Fuck, but Dean could see it. He could feel it. Heat coming off of another man’s skin, touching his face, burning into his cheeks, pulling his own face towards him. Dean was leaning forward slightly, and he pulled himself back.
“Not that I’m not totally down for sex on the kitchen table, but I was gonna go over and see Dean.”
Cas was clearly torn up about this. It really could be tough for the newbies in this business.
“No. I never want you gone.”
“Where do you get your inspiration, do you think?” The dark haired woman asked, no falseness about her enthusiasm. Castiel was glad to talk with someone genuinely interested in his work, without being driven by grades, contempt, or desire to put him on his knees. He didn’t know her name or anything outside this strange encounter, but she looked vaguely familiar and clearly had an interest in art.
“Dean, I told you to watch yourself when you’re measuring, boy!” Missouri tutted and immediately grabbed a paper towel to clear the spill by the sink that Dean had managed to cause while she was away. Castiel raised his eyebrows at the familiar way she addressed Dean. The older man at the bar shook his head fondly as Dean protested and had the spatula taken away from him. Missouri directed Dean to sit at the bar and instructed Castiel to sit down next. Castiel hurried to obey, he got the feeling that Missouri wasn't used to seeing her orders ignored.
“You lied to get what you want? Mr. Novak, that’s a punishable offense.” Dean said, teasingly.
Dean felt his jaw drop. “You
Dean clapped his hands on his knees and straightened up. “Then let’s make a deal.”
Oh, but Castiel was in trouble.
“Of course, I had to see his new friend for myself, sugar. My name’s Missouri. I do all of Mr. Winchester’s cooking and cleaning.”
He pushed against Dean’s hard body to get some space to think. “Don’t. Don’t do this if you’re just going to leave me again.”
He took a deep breath, and focused on his reflection. Really, the tie was not the most important part of the evening here. Having a tie would not make or break his performance. Still... it would be nice to complete a single task without his hands shaking uncontrollably. He stepped closer, and narrowed his eyes, resolute to his task. End over end, pull the thick side up so it went under the band... no, wait... try again, end over end—fuck.
When Castiel came to the next morning, swaddled in the thick comforter of Dean’s enormous bed, it was to the shrill sound of his cell phone going off at least seven times in succession. The chilly AC-cooled bedroom was enough to keep Dean close through the night, and he waved his hand vaguely in the direction of the sound as he groaned for Castiel to turn his damn phone off. Rolling over, Castiel thumbed it awake and immediately pressed the switch on the side to silence the ringer. He sighed, thirteen texts from Anna, and several missed phone calls from numbers he didn’t recognize. He pulled up the texts from Anna.
He hadn’t meant to run into someone like Cas, he didn’t mean to single the young man out of the crowd. But the mess of dark brown hair, coupled with the enormous bright blue eyes made him fairly hard to miss. He was thin, Dean noticed, and he was pretty sure it wasn’t because he watched what he ate. Dean had a feeling this guy had had some tough luck. He kept looking around like he was waiting for someone too. Dean found that to be a shame, but unsurprised that someone who looked like that (that jawline though) could be alone for long.
a one-time thing. Or even a two-time thing, given recent evidence. Not if Dean had anything to say about it. Well, Little Dean—Downstairs Dean—was not strictly part of this conversation, but if the situation necessitated it...
They drank in silence, steadily ignoring the other. All this silence tonight was starting to get deafening in Cas’s professional opinion. He was about to open his mouth and change the subject when Dean did just that. “Did this guy... what’s his name?”
Sam paused on the line for a moment. “Can I come over? We can go to dinner and you can tell me all about it?” Dean was silent. “Or we can not talk about it. That’s fine too.”
“I don’t want to yell at you or call you names.” Dean spoke calmly and without much inflection at all. “I came to see if you were happy. I won’t try to get in the way of that anymore.” He turned the knob.
Dean blinked. “Sometimes. You find that shitty-as-hell scanned copy?”
“I like everything in writing.” Dean tossed the tie over the arm of his chair and started undoing the buttons of his shirt. He stepped out of his shoes and draped the shirt over the chair as well. His chest muscles rippled with the motion, causing Castiel to suck in a breath. Dean’s biceps alone made Castiel want to hang on to this man for the rest of his life. His stomach wasn’t as defined as Castiel might have thought, but there was no mistaking that the man in front of him was packing a truly frightening amount of muscle.
What most people don’t know about Dean Winchester is that he grew up around art. His mother was an artist. Now, to most four-year olds, anyone with the full 64 pack of Crayola crayons is an artist, but Dean knew his mother was pretty talented, even at such a young age. She specialized in paintings of angels. Big, huge canvases that could cover a wall, done almost entirely in watercolors. Dean’s favorite piece was an angel done entirely in shades of blue. Periwinkle tones for the wings, too floaty for their appearance; a cobalt gown dotted with lighter shades that made the fabric glisten; deep sapphire for the eyes, staring out at the viewer and following them from room to room. Dean remembers how long it took her to get the shading on the wings just right. He spent hours in her studio with her, pretending to be an art critic and telling his mom that her paintings were too pretty for the museum so they had to build her a new building, but that Daddy would build it for her. He remembered feeling scandalized when Mary would “accidentally” drip paint on him, causing her to laugh like a bell ringing while he swiped at his face, grinning up at her. The birth of the blue angel was a monumental experience for Dean to witness. He cheered when Mary announced that she was finally finished, and swooped down to scoop Dean up in her arms, spinning him around the studio. The blue angel seemed as much a part of their family as new baby Sammy, who was, in Dean’s opinion, a bit too small and stinky to really be considered a brother just yet.
The man raised an eyebrow, clearly unimpressed at the interruption. He turned back to the group of students and clapped his hands. “Alright everyone, stay with me. Let’s run through it one more time, and then I promise to let you go.” The kids sighed and moved into new positions. The man snapped at one of the students intently typing on a keyboard, “Kyle, you start the scene. Get to it. Alright, from the top.”
“Well. Shit.” Castiel said, glumly.
Together, but not
They found a small town where no one knew anyone from their past and a dance studio, and settled on the spot.
well-worn book off the floor and handing it to Cas. “I thought the whole point of cast parties and stuff like that was to get drunk away from the adults.”
Dean was surprised to find that this was doing it for him too. Maybe he wasn’t surprised though—everything with Cas seemed to do it for him. Cas was encouraging without being patronizing, just genuinely glad to be there with Dean. He didn’t seem to mind that it was Dean’s first time giving head, and was instead just enjoying the attention. Dean wasn’t sure if he should feel sorry for the guy that even a first-timer’s attempt was apparently getting him off, or smug about the fact that he seemed to turn Cas on as much as the reverse was true.
“Cas, when I found you, you were willing to suck my dick for money, you can’t tell me gifts put you off.” He was smiling the whole time he said it, which took a lot of the sting out of his words.
“Totally separately. I’m going to—wherever I end up.”
But that also hurt. He didn't want to forget Dean. He didn't know the man very well, but he wanted to. Castiel genuinely liked him already, crazy at it seemed. Dean was kind to strangers, and well-loved by his small family. He was patient and understanding, funny and clever. And devastatingly attractive.
been a troublemaker, and still was.
He didn’t really mean to get caught up with Cas again after the first time. Every time he kissed Cas, he knew it was going to be harder to pull away. One of the shittiest things about this life was how many people he had to leave behind, both physically and metaphorically. Even if by some miracle, Cas didn’t end up dead or injured because of him in the long run, there wasn’t a whole lot about Dean that would be suitable for anything resembling a long term relationship.
Cas nodded. “So, he’s still in Adler by the time we try to burn him out on the football field last night.”
Dean easily spotted James Carnes, five years older now, but with the same gap in his teeth. He stood in a row of eight other students, each of them bathed in the same antiquity of the old photograph. While James was fifteen in this picture, the students ranged in age from what Dean would bet were baby-faced freshmen to seniors on the cusp of graduation.
“You mean, why am I here?” Bela laughed, gorgeous in everything she did. Castiel didn’t answer. “I came to offer two pieces of advice and a business proposal.”
“I can’t believe I get to make out with the teacher at the cast party!” Dean hissed in Cas’s ear as they passed the makeshift dance floor.
“What are you, like maybe a day over seventeen? You’re attractive, no doubt about it. Didn’t know you were that young until I saw you up close, though.” The man said, scoffing. He really was very attractive, the low light smoothing out the hard planes of his face.
“No, but it looks like he’s probably the teacher or someone similar, right?” Dean held his hand out for the picture. James Carnes might have left his things in the hotel, but Dean was more interested in his drama dork club sponsor. “Guess that kinda explains why he was sweet on you.”
“But it’s what you want.”
He went for the coolers at the back, humming ominously in the way old appliances do when they’re two inches from death. He liberated a Coke from the slot, but only after having to turn down a bottle of Dr. Pepper three weeks past its expiration date. When he brought it to the counter, along with a bag of Fritos, the cashier had unwillingly pulled his attention away from the screen.
“Sir, I’m so sorry, but we have a policy that anyone sitting in the restaurant has to buy something…” she glanced at the phone, “unless you’re meeting someone here…?”
Dean looked down at his hands. “No, it’s not. I’m… I’m here to apologize. I owe you that. As a minimum.”
Thank you so much for sticking with me. I remember when I had the goal to finish this story in a summer. Well... it's almost summer again.
Dean was coming for him. He was going to make a deal with Dean and sleep with him for money. It shouldn't have been this hard to deliberate his choice, he sucked cock in alleys of bars similar to this on the regular. He was looking for a catch, but he hadn’t found one yet. And the contract. The contract wouldn’t necessarily keep him safe, it wasn’t like he could go to the police if his john went back on his terms. But having a set list of rules would be comforting. As long as he kept his wits about him, he could come out of this on top.
Green that was coming down the basement stairs, first looking expectantly happy, but then extremely concerned.
“Just leave, Dean.” Dean froze at the words. The anger in Cas’s eyes was overwhelming now. “You’re a hunter. I have nothing in common with people like you. My luck, I’ll end up dead from something hunting
Dean checked his watch. “You heading back home?” It was nearly midnight. Theirs was the only car in the lot. Adler must have parked in the visitor spots closer to the front door. Lazy fucker.
Dean leaned forward in his seat, trying to look encouraging.
“That is pretty weird. What kind of accidents?” Castiel adjusted his glasses. Headlights from a passing car flashed by outside.
Dean leaned against the partition to the kitchen, crossing his arms. Cas glanced at him again, his gaze appreciatively trailing up Dean’s stomach and chest in a way that made Dean preen and blush at the same time. Maybe he shouldn’t be hoping for more. He’d have to leave soon after ganking this ghost. No use putting down ties to a place that’d just as soon be in his rear view mirror.
“No!” Castiel paused. “Maybe!”
Sarah grabbed a jar and set it on the counter, pushing it back for later. She turned to pull a Brita pitcher out of the fridge, setting it next to two glasses. She poured water into both and offered one to Sam. “Think of it this way, how are you gonna react if your very happily married brother tries to offer relationship advice when you’re still picking up the pieces of your pulverized heart.”
“We found—“ Castiel tried again. Dean wondered how he could get Cas away from here before any authorities showed up. He could take the fall for this, no problem. He was very unwilling to let Cas get arrested for this.
“Would you like to accompany me to dinner tonight?” Castiel clenched his fist at his side, half terrified Trevor would say no, and equally terrified he would say yes.
Well, Dean thought that was a massive understatement. Cas must be at least a 9.8 wherever he goes. Dorky glasses and all. “No, I understand why he went for you, I just don’t get why
“Cas… Cas! You look less grumpy when you’re asleep, you know that?”
Nonplussed, Dean shook his head. “What do you mean, just teach.”
“I got you fired.”
Castiel felt a brief flutter of panic in his chest again. “Maybe this isn’t the best idea, Dean. You probably don't want to mess around with me when I have no idea what I’m doing.”
“You wouldn’t hurt a hair on this head, pretty boy.” The spirit spat back. Dean only had a second to process the fist now hurtling towards his face. A solid hit to the jaw distracted him long enough that Cas was able to worm out from underneath him and start running again. Cas started up the ladder, and Dean had to shake the stars out of his eyes. He looked down to see the hat was missing. He saw Oswald climbing the metal ladder with impressive speed, the hat clutched in his—in Cas’s grip. Dean swore and took off after him.
For a crazy second, Dean was sure he was dead. His eyes sprang open and he heaved himself to his feet when it was apparent he was not in fact dead. Adler was on the ground in front of him, unconscious but still alive. The spray of ugly bruising on his left cheek indicated that. A gray mist hovered briefly over his prone form for a few seconds before dispersing gently. He hoped that meant the ghost had fucked off long enough for him to burn the bones. Dean swung his head around to see—mother
Suddenly, his hands clamped down on Castiel’s ass and hauled him closer, brushing their groins together. The feel of Trevor’s erection made Castiel freeze and then recoil like he’d been burned. “I-I’m sorry… Trevor—I’m sorry, I just… can’t.”
Later that night, or early the next morning—Dean wasn’t sure—he woke up suddenly. Cas was quickly proving to be a bit of a restless bedfellow, and Dean noticed if he wasn’t there. The space beside him was empty, and a quick check of the clock told him it was hardly past three in the morning. Dean saw the light coming in from the living room, and stumbled out of bed to the living room.
Turning the corner at the top of the stairs, he caught his foot on the leg of a table and was sent sprawling to the ground. Castiel glanced up and noticed a pair of very sensible work boots standing a foot from his face. He scrambled to his hands and knees and looked up at Bobby, who was blinking down at him with his usual and perpetual scowl on his face, and his omnipresent ball cap on his head.
Castiel trailed his hands up Dean’s chest. White and yellow paint covered his skin in swipes where he wasn’t very careful with his brush. Coming up around Dean’s neck, Castiel noticed that Dean had streaks of engine oil on his skin as well. Covered in mess, here they both were, grinding up against each other in the garage. He tilted Dean’s head up, and suckered a hard kiss to his neck, causing Dean’s breath to hitch beautifully. Dean’s hands grabbed him harder and rolled his hips slow.
“What about school? Are you going to get time off for that?”
Castiel shook his head. His eyes wavered between the money and where Mr. Winchester sank into an armchair, completely relaxed but watching Castiel. He slowly reached out and touched the bills with his fingertips. The bills were crisp and new, not like the torn and crumpled twenty Castiel still had in his pocket from earlier. When he saw that Mr. Winchester was not going to try and snatch them back, he quickly tucked them into the hidden pocket of his jacket.
Castiel balled his fists. He wasn’t entirely sure he could get out of a confrontation alive, if this even was a confrontation, but he figured he could do enough damage to make him back off, or at the very least, make enough noise to call attention to the situation if he needed to. He turned to face the man. “I’m not going to tell you if you’re just going to harass me.”
“Dean—“ Castiel stood there, mouth gaping like a fish.
“Was it a man or a woman?” Sue him, Castiel was curious about Dean’s history.
“They at least had the decency to wait until after my first day.” The man said, a bit more visibly at ease now. “But don’t change the subject. What are you doing here?”
After supper and with a (totally reasonable) glass of wine in hand, Dean said they absolutely
Ridiculous. “Dean, you’re my favorite sight in the world.”
Castiel struggled to swallow around the sudden lump in his throat. “Do you—should I leave, then?” He looked down, and struggled to get himself together. If Dean sent him away right now, he wasn’t sure if he could ever forgive himself for hurting this wonderful, but delusional man in front of him.
. The buzzing under his skin that started in the bedroom was causing his heart to jackhammer against his ribcage and his cheeks to flush crimson. It didn’t seem to die down with his proximity to Cas.
Jo sighed on the other side. “I mean, I know I only met the guy once, but Castiel seemed as broken up about it as Dean does. It was like their whole world had fallen apart.”
“I got myself fired.”
Mr. Winchester raised an eyebrow and smirked. “I know the guy who runs it. Or at least, I know him enough." He dug into his pie with audible relish. "So… why aren’t you at home in bed on a school night?” Pie crumbs fell out of his mouth.
“That sounds sexual.”
“Yeah, I can probably do that. I’m not critiquing any of your dumb play though.” Dean still wasn’t sure what show he had seen, but didn’t have enough interest to find out.
Castiel shrugged, feeling helpless. Truthfully, he didn’t know if it was a good thing or not. On one hand, this would be the perfect opportunity to move on with his life, to gain some semblance of normalcy. Make some real friends that weren’t after the same tips as he was, or forced to be his friend out of survival. Maybe even have a normal relationship. He wasn’t sure he knew what that would feel like.
Chapter titles come from whatever song I have playing at the moment. For some reason, my playlists have just been really in tune with my story...
Raising an eyebrow, Cas pursed his lips and set down his beer glass. “It feels like kissing anyone, Dean. Gender doesn’t change the basics of a kiss.” His brow suddenly creased and he frowned. “Are you making fun of me?”
“I’m always troubled.”
Again, Dean nodded, meekly this time. Questions hung heavy in his eyes, like he was afraid to look too eager for this, lest Castiel leave him here.
“Mr. Novak. I must say, we were... surprised to say the very least when the invitation came in, but I have to thank you for your kind remembrance of the program.”
“—if it was me in this situation—“
Castiel took a breath through his nose, trying to calm down. He grappled with the fabric on the sofa, clenching and unclenching his fingers. He closed his eyes and hated himself for the tear that slipped down his cheek.
“Two weeks. I’ll have the whole amount by then.” Easy enough in theory. He could just ask Dean for the amount. He bet that Dean would pay it no problem. That wasn’t really the issue here, however.
“It’s a surprise.” Dean said, still smiling.
The nurse—Abigail, Dean finally noticed on her badge—nodded and pulled out a clipboard to note something down. “The doctor wants to look over you one more time, but I think you should be good for discharge today. Your boyfriend can take you home.”
Dean spooned a frankly frightening amount of pasta on a plate. “Nah, you’re not a mess, just a bit careless with your dirty socks. You wanna try some sauce or just butter?”
“I don’t know, Cas. I don’t think I’m ready to face the music just yet, but I gotta. I have to go deal with the shit show those paparazzos have cooked up, and I can’t let my company suffer because of this.”
Castiel chuckled, kicking aside the scraps from a 2X4 out of the main area. “It’s not like we can go to the store to buy set pieces.” He glanced around. “I did tell these kids to clean up the shop. Guess I never did get through to them.” He sounded wistful.
“I said things would be easier if we just broke it off.”
A big, heaping helping of pining and flipped perspective.
Fidgeting with a coaster, Cas looked down. “Yeah, well, he wasn’t ready to come out of the closet just yet.” Cas was sad. Well fuck, now Dean had a mortal enemy in Dick Roman. He’d never buy another bottle of Roman-branded oil for the Impala again.
He sighed. He really was awful at this feelings crap. He’d had his mouth over every part of Cas he could manage, and this was still what sent him blushing harder than anything else. “Cas, would you… want to come with me on the road? Hunt monsters and all that?”
kissing Dean. Sometimes his johns would request it, another piece of the fantasy. They wanted to feel like they were getting away with something that couldn't be bought. They were wrong, anything could be bought, emotion could be faked, hitched breath could be fabricated, but money was always exchanged in the end. And while Castiel was getting paid for this, he couldn't help but feel that he was the one getting away with something.
Castiel allowed his pants to be slid over his knees, and himself to be leaned back. As he spread his knees, allowing access to the place on him that had the man’s breath catching in his throat, he wondered if this would be Dean’s reaction as well. Would he treat it like a gift, or like something that was expected?
Dean grabbed the folder and took another report at random. Hollis Jones from 1994 had experienced a similar accident to what he had heard about Kevin. Accidentally fell. Student reported being pushed. No witnesses or suspects. Student healing in the hospital. “Well, at least not all the kids die from this thing.”
he thought to himself.
“Oh my
Maybe I shouldn't have done this... I don't want to get your hopes up to expect updates so often... whoops. Imma try for every week on Sunday afternoon for an update. Let me know what you think in the meantime?
The way Cas’s expression softened as he looked Dean’s way had his knees go a little weak. They drifted closer to each other. He tracked the way Cas’s blue gaze darted from his own eyes to his mouth and back again, seemingly unable to settle on one. Dean also didn’t miss the way Cas reached out to his sleeve, latching on with long fingers that Dean could still remember branding into his skin and against his ass. “Maybe I was a bit hasty when I said that we should keep things professional from here on out.” Cas murmured. Dean couldn’t think or get enough brain cells in order to tell him that
“Sorry, man. Pretty bad luck.” Dean pocketed his EMF reader.
“We'll figure it out, okay? Together. It’ll be okay.” Anna sounded sure.
“What? Why?”
“I know breaking up sucks, it feels like the worst thing in the world, but—“
“That’s a long way—“
Dean scowled. Well, this was a bust. “Really? Nothing unusual or weird about the place?”
Holding up a hand gently, Winchester stood slowly. “She’s right, Cas. I got— I got a lot to answer for. I know it.” He looked pleadingly at Castiel.
When Dean woke up, he had to blink a few times to get his bearings. He was sprawled across a side of Cas’s bed in his apartment. When they’d finally gotten enough collective brain cells scraped together to peel themselves off of each other—and the leather seats—and put their clothes back on, Cas had invited Dean back to his apartment for the night. It wasn’t like Cas had to be up early to get to school or anything, he’d reasoned. Dean had stuttered through an acceptance, and by the time he’d driven them both back to Cas’s building, he’d worked himself into a good and proper panic. They’d have to
Dean gazed at him speculatively. “What do you know about dom/sub relationships, Cas?”
“Thank you, again. I uh... just finished at the Art Institute here in Chicago.”
Castiel shook his head. “Anna! I can’t just ask you to pick up and move because I lost my job."
When Dean opened his mouth a few times, without words coming out, Castiel reached out and took his hand. He smiled reassuringly when Dean looked up. Dean took a breath. “When you told me you were a virgin… that no one had ever had their hands on you, I was kinda…” He looked like he was searching for the right word. “…taken aback, I guess. You’re a good looking guy and I thought maybe you were just lying to reel me in. But…” Dean shook his head and huffed. “The way you responded to me that first time—in my living room, you remember?”
“Good.”
Oh, he liked the look of that. So wild and unexpected, completely unlike his normal neat brushstrokes of color, defining a space with line and space. At the same time, he hated it. Hated that there was now paint on the floor. He scooped up some more paint on his index and middle fingers. Better make the mess worth it, then. He smeared the yellow over top of the splatters, smearing some to the very edge of the canvas and dripping down onto the drop cloth.
“Oh yeah, just business… nothing serious.” He threw in a wink for good measure.
She checked her clipboard. “The doctor said it wasn’t broken, just a bad sprain. He’ll get a brace for that as well before he leaves.”
“Enemy to the arts!” The spirit screamed, hooking a long finger in their direction. It’s form was unclear from this distance, but it was clearly unhappy with their presence. Dean leveled his shotgun and took a shot near the booth. The spirit disappeared, but not before letting the salt round shatter into the glass of the booth, littering the ground below with thousands of shards.
Castiel shook himself, pushing himself to his feet to grab his own coat. He left the door propped open just a crack as they left, so he didn’t have to take his keys. Dimly, he wondered when Anna would be back and if he should text her, letting her know that her absence, while appreciated, was no longer necessary. Then again, he could just use the alone time to think.
Dean smiled and turned to walk out to the car, leaving the front door open so Cas could see where he’d gone. He leaned against the passenger door of the Impala, enjoying the breeze of the unusually-warm November evening. Thanksgiving was coming up, and while he and Cas would be on the road and Cas assured him he couldn’t wait to live like a roadie, Dean couldn’t wait to spend it stuffing his face with KFC chicken and watching bad holiday movies, tangled up with Cas in a motel room somewhere. Then again, now that he and Cas kinda had a solid thing going, maybe he could spring for something nicer than his usual. Maybe a small turkey to cook in their motel kitchenette. With mashed potatoes—instant, probably—and a nicer label of beer. Could be cool.
Mr. Winchester’s mouth ticked up as he chuckled. “You’re really neat, dude.”
Cas nodded. “It was fun. And educational.” He smirked up at Dean, as he then dunked a tea bag into his mug.
“No.” Dean tore his eyes away from the road to emphasize with his eyes.
“Is there anything I can do to make it go away?”
He must have been doing this for some time, because before long, he felt Cas’s hands again, pulling him up and away. “Dean, I—I’m going to come—“ and Dean dove down with renewed fervor. Cas thought he’d be too chickenshit to go for the whole deal? Fuck that. He groaned around the feel of Cas’s cock, his jaw wider than he thought it could go. Finally,
Castiel tilted his head. Maybe Dean had changed his mind? “You don’t... You don’t want me to do it anymore? I thought—“
Sorry.
Inside, Cas was holding a book propped up in bed. The bedside lamp was on, but it was clear that Cas hadn’t really been reading. He’d been waiting for Dean to leave. When Cas looked up and saw Dean in the doorway, he sighed and rolled his eyes.
“Such a sweet talker.” He pressed one last peck to Dean’s mouth. He nodded. “I’ll let you practice later. Let me get my mouth on you first.” Dropping to his knees, he shoved Dean’s legs apart, making him scramble to hang on to the soap tray and the shower head to stay upright.
Gabriel held up his hands. “Say no more. Not my place, I get it. Just make sure you do your job, kid. You’ve got one job here, and I’m guessing it isn’t house-sitting.” He finished with a wink, right as Dean came in the room, freshly showered.
do not start anywhere.
something for the client if they thought what they were doing was taboo. People who knew what they wanted, knew how to ask for it though, however few and far between, they made Castiel forget what he was doing was supposed to be shameful.
“Oh, not you too!” The man positively whined in anguish as he turned around and threw his hands in the air.
(See the end of the chapter for
behind the glasses. The man looked even younger up close. In fact, Dean might not put him more than two years over his own age.
Castiel had had enough. He set his pencil down and stalked over to where Dean had taken a short break on the couch. Dean watched him approach, first with a smile, but with confusion as Castiel did not join him on the couch, but instead walked around the back of it. Dean craned his head around to look at him, but Castiel just brought his hands up to Dean’s shoulders and ran his hands all over Dean’s t-shirt covered skin. He still had the wrench in his hands, and he was clutching it tightly. He had a lot of tension in his shoulders, but Castiel was determined to fix that.
Castiel hesitated. “I… don’t know.”
“Your presence is a present, Cas. Can’t ask for more than that. I, however, am allowed to offer you a yacht if I want to.”
The professor pressed on. “In any case, I wanted to extend my congratulations on such a successful opening. Of course, one cannot always assume success based on sheer numbers, but you know that. Your real test will come with the sales afterwards.”
"Dean, you're still gesturing to a bunch of bones. Your hand has more than five bones, you know.” He said exasperatedly. Dean grinned. He was still sitting on his bed across the room.
Cas sighed, and seemed to be choosing his words carefully. “All I’m saying is that... I don’t know what I’m saying. I’m sorry.”
“Go on, then.” Cas’s face broke into a smirk that turned Dean’s stomach.
“Alright, my place it is. If that’s okay with you? It’s your choice of course.” Castiel nodded furiously. “Let’s roll, Kato.”
“Yes, I will.”
for a role out of the ensemble. And what does she do with it?” He shoved her, and she fell to the ground. “Not a damn thing.”
“How can they call Pollack’s work meaningless embellishment?”
“Of course,” Cas said. “My apologies.” Even without looking at him, Dean could tell he wasn’t sorry at all. “But how do I look at you? You never said.”
“You want me to stick around for rehearsal?”
The man nodded. “We can always hash that out later if you want.”
Dean swung the beam back towards the guy’s face, causing him to squint again. “You swear a lot for a high school teacher.”
“I think,” Sarah took a sip of her water, “that Dean didn’t know how deep he was in until it started affecting other people.”
Her gentle smirk grew into a vicious smile, one that tore down corporations and left other fashion houses in ruin. “To never let anyone get in the way of what makes you happy.” With a final flourish, she turned and left to where a long black limousine must have been waiting for her the entire time just in front of the gates. Castiel watched her speed away, feeling mostly awestruck.
Leaning against the counter, Sam crosses his arms. “D’you think he’s being… I dunno, weird about it though?”
They were left panting on the chair, skin sticky between them. Dean raised his head to look at Castiel, lips slipping lazily across his neck.
"Be sure to thank the kids for me." Cas said, expression still thoroughly misty.
Dean’s eyes widened, other hand coming up to run through Castiel’s hair. Castiel planted his hands on Dean’s knees, like he was praying for deliverance. He grinned when he felt Dean’s hand constrict his airway.
“So you’re a… nephew?” Gabriel asked after a long moment, eyebrows raised in some innuendo Castiel did not catch.
Castiel snapped his jaw shut and settled back against the seat, leaving silence in the darkened car.
It worked, and Cas cracked a grin. “I’m totally fine with us just messing around while you’re in town.” He leaned in and cuffed Dean around the jaw. “That is, if you are. I promise I won’t try and push you into it again if you really don’t want to.”
“Isn’t there something called a sternum… somewhere around here?” Dean gestured to the area in the middle of his chest. Cas smiled.
Cas tugged at his arm as he turned. “Mr. William—Ted… I didn’t expect to see you here.” Cas addressed the man stumbling up to him. Dean noticed a few of the parents pointedly look away, likely to avoid having to report the curmudgeonly man clearly still employed.
Oh yeah, Castiel was in big trouble.
“Language!” Dean said, rather cheekily. “Okay, dude. What are you doing back here? Forget your keys?”
Dean nodded. “Best place for ghosts, honestly. Theaters, churches, hospitals, anywhere with high emotional attachment and trauma. I even found one in a circus once.”
Castiel had to smile. Never let it be said that Sr. Guerrero was not the second most awesome boss Castiel had ever had.
“Look, I know I got no right,” Winchester started, “But would it be too much to ask to talk to Anna for a second?”
Dean looked up from where he was cutting a final tomato with a universal ‘yikes’ expression. It was an unfortunate end to his brief relationship with Patrick, but it had to be said. He’d rather Patrick think he was a bastard now, than lead him on and have Patrick assume they were headed towards mutual love and affection.
When Charlie told Vivienne as much, she was quickly pulled out of frame, especially as she started advancing on the camera crew and promising harm in explicit terms if they didn’t vacate the premises immediately. Dean snapped off the television with a growl and stood, nearly upsetting Castiel with the sudden weight shift on the couch.
“My pleasure,” Dean said, smiling warmly. He gestured towards the television. “You seen this movie before?”
“Because there isn’t anyone else to do it.” Dean snapped.
“Yep, that—that’s Castiel. Always... running.” Dean finished lamely. He really didn’t know much about the guy.
Dean held his gaze for a moment longer, before handing the paper over, along with a pen. Once both of their signatures were on it, Dean rolled up the contract and tucked it in a drawer of the desk.
Castiel stared.
—with the same demanding tone that its owner had. He spared it a glance, but let it ring through to voicemail. He rolled his eyes when his phone lit up again to let him know Missouri had also taken the liberty of sending him several text messages, just to make sure he knew she wanted his attention.
“Clearly, the dude wasn’t known for making headlines.” Dean said.
“Dean—“
Dean met Castiel’s confused look with one of his own. He shrugged.
"I'm surprised you know what 'mutually exclusive' means." Cas retorted.
“I don’t—I’ve never...” he stammered between drugged kisses. The heat between them was overwhelming and growing still.
The woman handed him a card. Emblazoned on it with silver script was the name Bela Talbot with a phone number printed at the bottom.
“You like Romero’s.” Castiel said, huffing a laugh.
That checked out. The spirit of Oswald definitely hadn’t been possessing Adler for long, but in that time, there wasn’t enough power there to really keep up the charade of being someone else for long. That kind of control took spirits time to master and integrate with the host.
Cas twitched in Dean’s hold. “Y-you can’t mean—“ he was quiet, like he feared the worst.
“So, just so we’re being totally clear—we still want to keep the arrangement, right?”
“Fuck, Cas—“ Dean groaned, inelegantly. “This is...”
“But you’re in charge?”
Dean chuckled. “Thems the breaks I guess. Okay, so…” he took a breath. “We have to go disinter a body from the grounds of a very public school building. Great.”
Dean gathered all his chopped vegetables together in a neat pile on the cutting board and transferred them to the pot where he was making sauce in a neat flourish, evident of all the times Dean had been in charge of home-cooked meals. “What was so bad about this guy? Did he smell? Ask you to make a blood pact?
Cas turned to where Dean would have walked right by a door, painted black like the rest of the walls back here. He pulled a set of keys out of his pocket and fit a big brass key into the lock. “It’s supposed to be a modern twist on the old classic—“ he glanced around, furtively, “Macbeth,” he said in a hushed whisper.
Castiel paused, “I—what?”
“Do it again.”
This wasn't working. He couldn't do this. The room’s fluorescent lights buzzed all the louder in Castiel’s ear, and combined with the hum from the bar beyond the door that Castiel could still here. Was the door even locked? What if someone came in? Was this man even clean? Were they going to use a condom? The jabbing at his hole suddenly felt eleven times more uncomfortable as the feelings mounted like a wave, high above Castiel’s head. It wasn't like this with Dean, this was bad.
Dean smiled, and batted his hand away, leaning in for a proper kiss.
“Aw shucks, Cas. You think I’m pretty.” Dean couldn’t resist teasing. Castiel usually flushed
Even as Cas nodded and went back to the living room to grab his phone again, Dean let his head fall back and look up at the ceiling. He always hated goodbyes.
Cas’s eyes narrowed now, two tears making a hot trail down his cheeks. “If you’re concerned for my wellbeing, don’t be so noble. I’ll heal—“
“I just… don’t know if I can be what he wants me to be for him.” He was aware he was making this overcomplicated, making this harder than it had to be, but he couldn’t stop himself.
Mr. Winchester nodded, swirling another stolen french fry in the melted ice cream still on his plate. “What do you paint?”
Castiel held his hand out like a Boy Scout, which was the most ironic thing, maybe in the history of the world, “I promise, Dean. Honest.”
“Dean knows I’m here, but I had to ask for my invitation. You should be worried, he talks endlessly about you.” She added with a salacious wink. Castiel fought down a blush, he refused to be embarrassed at his own show.
He smiled and hugged her. “I’ll call if I need you—but don’t panic if I don’t come home tonight. I’ll text you, either way.”
“I’m on my way.” The line clicked and Castiel was left with the sodium flare yellow of the street light washing out his skin and the bustle of the bar behind him.
Sam raised his eyebrows. Huh. Dean was in love.
Dean straightened up, tucking his gun away as quickly as he could without drawing too much attention to it. Guns in school never went over well, no matter who you were talking to.
have to, Cowardly Lion. Thought you were in on this?” It wouldn’t be difficult per se to get in without Cas, just a smidge harder than Dean was expecting.
Some were easy to consider. ‘Dirty talk’ was the first thing that made it onto his “Interested” list, he could only imagine what the sound of Dean’s voice could do to him. The first was followed quickly by ‘blow jobs (giving/receiving)’ and ‘frottage.’ Some needed explaining.
“Now?” Dean reached in his pocket, searching for his lighter. “Now, we torch the sucker.”
Anna shrugged. “Let’s leave.”
Castiel held his phone between them as he opened the app to the message from menage-a-douze35 again. Anna wrinkled her nose, but giggled. “Come on, click on his profile, he’s gotta have a mirror selfie or two. Oooh Castiel, maybe he’ll have a gym pic! Wouldn’t that just be dreeeaaaaaammy—?”
“You’ve really never been with a man?” Cas asked. They were panting in the scant inches between them, the windows totally fogged by now. There was no question to anyone outside the car what its occupants were doing. Cas reached out and traced across Dean’s mouth with his thumb, holding himself up on his other arm.
Dean was still laughing when they pulled into the high school parking lot.
He knew the area in a vague sense. He was sure he had cruised through here at least once with his parents in an effort to explore the old place on a visit. Dean thought he might still have an elderly aunt that lived nearby. On the main road, he took in the charming view presented by the neat one-story shops with brightly colored awnings over wide sidewalks. Parking was available on both sides of the street, and not a parking meter to be found. The municipal trash cans were even well-kept. In the cold of the winter night, he didn’t see anyone walking around aimlessly after dark—probably too small of a town to even do that here. That was one thing he appreciated about downtown Chicago, the streets were always alive, even if the rest of the city was fast asleep. He passed a school, a crumbling cemetery, and a building with a brightly colored mural on the side, visible even in the yellow street light.
“You're making me leave?” Castiel clutched the phone as tight as he could, trying to hold on to some scrap of dignity. Dean’s head whipped around, his expression one of mixed panic and horror. Castiel turned away when Dean reached for him, not able to face this quite yet.
“I think that’s a little—“
“So, they all knew… and they left you in charge of all the little drama dorks, the whole theater, and they forgot to mention the whole place was haunted?” Dean leaned down to shoulder his bag and flicked on the flashlight again, swinging it towards the ceiling out in the main house. Years of water damage and too-little funding had taken its toll on the corners. Probably something every graduation organizer fretted about every fuckin’ year without getting clearance to fix it. He walked down the steps and a little further down the aisle, reader out and the grumpy teacher following at his side.
He slowed down to get a better look. The mural looked familiar but he couldn’t place how he recognized it. Was it a copy of a piece of art he’d seen? Something in the brushstrokes looked… like he’d seen it before. He shook his head and kept going, keeping a wary glance out for the royal blue roadster he’d spent months tinkering with. He hoped against hope that no county sheriffs were out patrolling, because he’d have a hard time explaining why he was driving at Sunday speeds through the small town in the middle of the night.
“This is a different face of troubled, then, isn’t it?”
They stood quietly together for a long while, just listening to the breeze and the occasional burst of sound from inside the gym.
find attractive. “Do you think the thrift shop will take all these?”
Something occurred to Castiel and he pulled back. “Dean, how old are you?”
“Yes? He wants to what?” Castiel guided Dean to lay down across the couch, clambering around the couch to sit astride his waist when he was horizontal. He leaned down to brush his mouth over Dean’s spine, practically feeling the electricity zip up and down. Castiel decided that he liked Dean like this, underneath him with nowhere else to be, and nothing else to do. He ran his hands all over Dean’s back, not even pretending to be giving a massage anymore, just making Dean feel good.
“Good luck, Dean—uh, John.” He said with a knowing look as he turned to open his classroom door. Dean caught a glimpse of a large Fahrenheit 451 poster on the far wall, as well as—Dean had to stifle a laugh—a life-size replica of what Dean was sure was Gandalf’s walking stick from Lord of the Rings.
“I’m sorry?” Dean repeated for the second time in the last minute.
Across the street was a hotel that had clearly been through several owners, and maybe one too many hailstorms. Shingles peeled off in places, and sagged dangerously close to the edge in others. This whole town felt just a little too close to decrepitness, like one good twister could take it out. Still, he had to appreciate how tight-knit they were. It might make his job harder sometimes, but it was nice to see members of the community care so much about the security of the school that they’d brave a potentially insane lunatic creeping around in a theater after dark.
The man held up a hand, placatingly. “Okay, sorry, poor word choice. Lemme try that again. So, young Not-James, you intend to finance your academic pursuits by selling your nubile body on the scary streets of Chicago?”
—“ Castiel interrupted, hands out placatingly, “Yes, I can see how that might be a bit of a shock—“
It really was. The bedroom was as simple as the hallway. The bedding was plain white and the bed frame and headboard were black. The entire west wall was made of glass, leading out onto a small balcony, and into that picturesque view. Black and white prints hung on the walls, far enough apart to look like a gallery. A door stood partially ajar against another wall that led to what Castiel assumed was a bathroom, as a large wardrobe served as a closet.
Panting, Castiel pulled off and dropped himself on the pillow next to Dean. Next to him, Dean wasn’t in much better shape. He looked like he’d just gotten hit with a freight train.
Dean looked over and raised an eyebrow at him. Where it had been fun and sexy before, Castiel now felt like he was being punished like a rowdy schoolboy. “Do you want to leave?”
“Like what?” Castiel huffed. “I’m fine. I told you, I want to make a deal with y—“ He fell silent when Dean raised a hand.
Also, please note: I have never seen Die Hard.
Castiel didn’t say anything, but eyed him warily.
“Is it always like this?” Cas asked, tears definitely running down his face. He swiped at them angrily. “Do you just leave a trail of broken hearts behind you wherever you go?”
“I don’t know what else to do.” Dean had his hand on the doorknob, about to turn it and walk out of his life forever. And still, he had the audacity to sound hurt and broken when he’d left Castiel in more pieces that he could try to pick up.
“You were pretty clear on that front.”
“… yes.”
“Oh, cool.” Castiel stuffed his hands in his pockets and rocked back and forth on his heels, looking around the empty parking lot.
And if they fucked right there in front of the fire, all slow hands and drawn out sensation? Well… no one had ever said Dean
“Cas, you know I’d never do anything to hurt you.” Dean hated that his voice shook.
Dean approached the desk, where the librarian had pulled out a novel about the thickness of his forearm. Her dark hair was streaked with gray and had a pair of wire-frame glasses balanced precariously on top of a tight twist.
“Mr. Adler.” Castiel greeted him, overly-cheerful when Adler got to them.
“Right, but you also can’t get a job unless you have that piece of paper telling everyone you’re certified to do something you already know how to do. I have my program, I have a place there and everything. And I even have a few scholarships. I just… don’t have a way to pay for the rest of it.”
Dean made a noise of interest, ice cream spoon hanging out of his mouth. Castiel finally got to the guide again,
“Totally fine. It was fun, and now it’s done.” Cas said with some finality.
Dean leaned forward and pressed his forehead against Castiel’s.
Feeling a cold touch at his hip, Castiel jumped slightly, but was instantly soothed by Dean’s warm palm sliding over his skin. Two fingers pressed at his hole, stretching him bit by bit. He pressed lush kisses to Dean’s mouth, to his neck, his jaw, anything he could reach. Dean was practically purring. With fingers scissoring inside him, Castiel tried to imagine how it would feel—to finally have Dean inside him. For real this time.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Dean straightened up. At the very least, Cas was alive and recognized him. Behind them, Oswald was gearing up for a fight. He was more solid than Dean had ever seen him, likely running on a power shot of Cas’s own life force.
Dean sighed. “Guess I’m not good at not thinking about it.” He reached for his own beer, twisting at the label. “You’re good at it though.”
Dean shrugged. Trust the whole town to know each other. It was something that could either make his job ten times harder or easier, depending on the town. “Just passin’ through. Seeing an old buddy, you know.”
a theater.”
Cas frowned. “Dean.”
“Heya handsome.” Dean whispered.
Something. If he wanted something after Dean. Was he even capable of having something normal? His extracurricular career didn’t leave a lot of room for “regular” relationships.
Now that it was morning, Dean glanced around the room. He hadn’t thought to inspect Cas’s decor choices the first time he was here. Cas was pretty minimalist in his decorating. He had a few black and white sketches of buildings—probably places in Chicago, Dean reasoned—but not much else on the walls. White comforter, white sheets, sparse pieces of wood furniture. The man lived like he was on the run. Which, from last night’s conversations, maybe Cas was running from something just like Dean was.
Sighing, Castiel put down his hands. “Anna?”
Cas smiled at Dean’s lack of coherency. He slid his hands slowly around Dean’s middle, and hugged him in tight. Pressed a smooch there against Dean’s neck. Dean’s head lolled to the side when Cas started nipping at the skin there. Another zing of electricity started somewhere near the base of Dean’s skull and spread everywhere, warming his fingertips and making him press his hips in closer. Cas whispered in his ear, “I know what I’m doing. Let me take care of you. Please.”
Castiel yawned. “So where have you been all evening? You weren’t home when I left.” Castiel and Anna shared a dingy studio apartment. Usually the two were able to keep constant tabs on each other, for safety reasons, but their schedules sometimes lured them out from the other’s watch.
“Are you talking to yourself again, Castiel?” Sr. Guerrero said from the desk, quiet voice carrying over the various creaks of the shop, smile evident in his voice.
“Careful with that.” Cas teased.
“Cas, I’ve been meaning to ask you!” If possible, her mega-watt smile got even brighter. “There’s a swing dance being put on by First Plymouth next Friday—“ Dean groaned internally as she chattered. The faster they could get away from the desk, the better.
—and to top it all off, he’d had a meeting with his advisor at the Institute, and it… hadn’t gone well.
Dean chuckled but shook his head. After a while, he said, “Anyone ever told you before how easy you are to read?”
“O-okay.”
“The kids were on me for ages about that. ‘Mr. Novak, if we don’t keep the light on, the ghosts will curse our show!’ ‘You have to respect the superstitions, Mr. Novak!’ “ Dean gathered the high-pitched voice was a poor impression of high school students.
“Oh, you mean that media attention all those months ago!” Dean laughed with ice in his smile. “What a misunderstanding that was. Completely got the wrong angle, didn’t they, Cas?” He turned towards Castiel. Castiel wasn’t sure whether to tug Dean away from the professor or throw himself at Dean here and now.
Cas’s hands untangled from where they had curled in the front of his shirt, and Dean opened his eyes, cold at the loss of his warmth. “No, I’m sorry, Dean. I assumed—I shouldn’t have done that.”
Wordlessly, Dean reaches across Castiel’s lap and opens the glove compartment. He pulls out a set of keys and hands them to Castiel. Wrenching open the car door, Castiel storms out and across the garage to where the canvas-covered mass sat, still undisturbed since the last time they were down here.
“Tampered water? You aren’t suggesting…” The deputy put out an arm to block Dean’s path. He was only just able to reign it in enough not to just break it.
“What if I don’t care?” Cas asked petulantly.
Castiel sat bolt up in bed. Dean grunted from his side, stretching against Castiel’s thigh. “W’as goin’ on?” He asked sleepily.
The tension from the garage seemed to set low on Castiel’s mind the next week. He tried to be so good for Dean, being extra attentive when he got home from meetings, offering to wash him off nice and slow in the shower, and volunteering to keep him company while he went looking for a specific part for his car one sunny Sunday afternoon. That day had been well-spent, making out lazily in the back of Dean’s car on the side of the road twenty minutes outside the city’s north limit. Dean seemed to enjoy the time spent with him, but didn’t try to initiate anything too serious. Nothing that could involve using a safeword.
Dean, ever the sap, even while fucking in a car in the back parking lot of a shady bar, reached in for another kiss, slipping his tongue past Castiel’s teeth. “I can’t last very long.” He muttered. “M’so hard right now. Like, embarrassingly hard.”
“Guess we picked the dirty route then.” He muttered around the tangling of their tongues. “Better pipe down and open up, baby. You’re gonna relax if it kills me.” He grabbed Castiel’s face and forced his mouth open, plunging inside him. Castiel’s eyes opened, despite the closeness. The heat between them was stifling, and he couldn’t bear missing a moment. Dean met his gaze without fear, brow quirking in mirth as he ruthlessly fucked Castiel’s mouth with his tongue.
Castiel raised an eyebrow and nodded at Dean. “You want me?” He sounded more breathless than he would have cared to admit, but Dean just did that to him. Dean let his free hand wander down to cup his own erection, biting his lip as he surveyed the man in front of him. Castiel was sure he looked like a sight. His hair was probably a wreck from Dean scrubbing his hands through it and his lips felt as swollen as Dean’s looked. The heat that had been ripping through him had quieted to slow burn.
“Dean Winchester, will you go to the cast party with me?” Cas turned on the pleading eyes full force, like he had finally figured out how whipped Dean was for him. He was going to figure it out eventually, Dean supposed.
Dean’s mouth quirked up and he slipped his finger in Castiel’s hole at the same time he took Castiel’s cock in again. Castiel felt his eyes roll back as he was filled, ecstasy but nowhere near enough. It wasn’t long before he heard himself chanting, “more, more Dean, more!” Dean surfaced again, looking as fucked out as Castiel felt.
Thank you.
Castiel took a breath and tried to steady himself. As the dancers came back from break and circled up for cool down stretches, he excused himself to the hall. He took a long drink from the fountain and paced up and down the short waiting area.
They had spent the rest of the day packing the rest of Cas’s belongings that he didn’t want to keep into neatly labelled boxes, to be taken down the street to the thrift shop later. All that was left in Cas’s apartment was the big furniture he would leave for the next renter, including the sofa that Dean still found his eyes drawn to now and then. In such a short time, this whole apartment really had had its influence on Dean’s life and understanding of his own wants and desires. It felt bittersweet to leave it all behind, even if he was taking the most important feature of the apartment with him. For good, if he had anything to say about it.
“Hey, come on. It’s got newspaper articles, obituaries... hell, I’d even take a deed if it’s got a name on it. I gotta start somewhere, and right now I got a fat pile of nothing to go on.” Dean picked up the first book in his own pile of reading and got busy. They were looking for anything relating to the school—how old it was, staff members, anything. The school’s website wasn’t helpful at all, but instead gave Dean an excuse to pull up Castiel’s staff page to tease him for the dumbass quote he had chosen.
What was stopping him from burning it right now? Besides having to explain the bizarre act of burning a random hat, Not-Cas still planned on hurting Real-Cas, and that wasn’t going to fly with Dean. Just burning it out wouldn’t be enough, and there wasn’t any way to tell that Cas’s body wasn’t splayed out in a puddle of blood in the center of the stage by now.
“‘Else. Gas station. Interstate.” Anna told him to look around and describe what he saw to her. He thought it was ridiculous, but focused in on the mural painted on the side of the car wash attached to the store.
But on the other hand, did he want anything else? Time was supposed to heal wounds, but it’d been months and he still felt like he was drowning in how much he missed Dean. He missed working in the garage with him, making him smile, picking the discarded black olives off of his plate after pizza in the living room. And of course he missed whatever they had between them before he left, the chemistry and heat. He missed Missouri and Bobby and even his room that he barely spent any time in because he was so wrapped up in Dean’s world. He didn’t know if he was ready to let all of that go to start something new. The memories, painful as they were and tinged with the bitter taste of Dean asking him to leave, were better than pretending they didn’t happen.
Dean shook his head and stalked forward, placing his hands on the armrests of Castiel’s chair, much like how they had been the previous day. Again, Castiel backup up, pressing himself into the fabric of the chair. He looked up into Dean’s green eyes and felt all the breath leave his body. Dean’s face was coming closer and closer to his, shrinking the space between their lips and Castiel was ready—Dear god, he was so ready to have this again…
The nurse nodded and gestured down the hallway she just came from, indicating for Dean to come with her. This hallway was different from the long-term care wing that Kevin had been in. This wing was more suited to guest staying overnight and for shorter visits. There were fewer homey decorations, more beeping monitors. They passed a few rooms, all open and empty at this time of night in such a small town. Dean supposed they were lucky the county hospital was even open overnight, rather than having to run Cas to Grand Island or somewhere bigger.
The north part of town proved to be a bust; all two of the apartment complexes had been populated with second-hand Toyotas and a beat up Honda. He took the main road again and kept his eyes peeled for the roadster. He supposed there was a good chance Cas didn’t even have the car anymore, sold for money or just to get rid of it, but he felt it. That car was here, and it would lead him to Cas.
There's this... mental block and--"
The rest of their day was a bit of a blur of hands and lips and heat. When they dragged each other out of the shower, they’d made breakfast, practically hanging off each other in the kitchen. Then they’d taken a trip to the grocery store next door, Cas citing a desperate need for food besides toast and eggs. Cas had kept touching him throughout the trip—grabbing his sleeve for his attention, nudging him this way and that—until Dean gave up and held Cas’s dumb hand like he had wanted to all along. He definitely didn’t do this with one night stands, even less frequently did this with friends-with-benefits, but it felt nice. The fact that it would be over the minute he left town also had Dean wanting to treat this like it was special. He dutifully ignored the glances of the townspeople, Cas’s neighbors, as they picked their way through the store. He was happy for a while, and he wanted to keep it greedily for himself.
“Sure you do,” Cas mumbled, sounding well on his way to going back to sleep. “You brood when you’re in the car, you brood when you’re reading. A real tragic character you are.”
Dean put his hands on either side of Castiel’s hips and moved him, thrusting into him and rubbing every mind-searingly hot inch of his glorious cock against Castiel’s. “That’s it,” he crowed, kissing Castiel shallowly between words. “That’s it, Cas. Is this doin’ it for you? Got you so hard for me, just like this?” Castiel nodded, not even hearing sentences anymore, but lost in the sweat and feel of Dean’s mouth beneath his. “Such a good boy, bringing so good on my lap.”
Still, it wasn’t like he could exactly drop his current problem in Sr. Guerrero’s lap without some heavy explanation and extreme awkwardness. “It’s… complicated, I guess.”
She stared at Winchester for a moment longer. “Fine.”
“Well, that’s the issue, I’m afraid. We recently got wind of some of your… extracurricular activities with one Mr. Winchester, a prominent member of society.”
- Bobby finally gave up and replaced the whole unit. He’s hiding that fact and is basking in Missouri’s awe of his apparent skill.
Castiel pondered this all the way to the first truck stop he encountered. When he stopped the car in front of the convenience store, he gave himself a moment to think. What was he supposed to do? What was expected of him? He didn’t have a job anymore, or any way to finish his degree. He also didn’t have any friends. He’d left everyone behind—Dean, Sam, everyone at the Institute… Anna—fuck.
God, that’s all he wanted.
"A metal terse. Right there." He pointed to one of the lines of writing on his left foot.
He was still panting and sprawled bonelessly when Cas finally granted him mercy and popped back up, grinning smugly. Cas sat next to him on the couch, pants tented obscenely, and with a low fire burning in his eyes, even in the dim light. Dean tried to make himself more comfortable to lie on when Cas fit himself next to him, but his muscles still weren’t cooperating.
Trevor accepted the beer and shot Castiel a wink. “Should put some of your work up. You’re great.”
A faint buzz started somewhere to Castiel’s left. He could barely hear it, even with his heightened senses. It came closer, as did Dean’s heat. Dean’s hand smoothed up his leg and hitched it off to the side, spreading Castiel out on the bed. His breathing picked up.
“Mr. Winchester couldn't come get me himself?” Castiel wondered out loud. The woman chuckled.
Sam didn't yell. Didn’t get angry. Didn’t even sigh at his idiot brother. “Let’s find him and see if we can talk things over, okay?” Sam said.
Mr. Winchester raises an eyebrow without taking his eyes off the road. “Definitely not what I would have guessed,” he says. “Awesome. Er… that come with a nickname?”
Cas chuckled. “I know. I can see it.” He reached down and jacked Dean a few times, spreading the wetness at the tip along his shaft. “I can’t wait to get this thing inside me.” Dean couldn’t help the hitch of his hips into the cradle of Cas’s, or the moan he buried in the other man’s neck.
Sr. Guerrero hmm’d in acknowledgement. “And does this genderless friend know they are being complicated?” He pushed a silver pair of spectacles up his nose and turned back to his calculator, where he was calculating shipping costs by hand.
“No! Cas—baby, never…! I just… I’ve been fixing one up for you and I meant to give it to you—well, it doesn’t matter. But it’s there if you want it. I’ll give you money. Whatever you want.”
“So nice to know that AI gets by on the shortcuts…” Castiel said, dryly.
Of course, when he bought it, he hadn’t exactly pictured falling into it clutching a handful of Dean Winchester’s shirt, but he’d deal.
Castiel looked around. He was curled in on himself on his side. He hadn’t been aware of doing that. He also wasn’t aware of the tears still making tracks down his cheeks.
“What if it’s not just one actress though?” Dean continued down, pausing to scrape lightly at the peeling paint from the wall.
“You’d paint something specifically for me?”
As it turned out, the theater owned no fewer than seven bowler hats, all of various colors and fabric qualities. Dean dutifully collected each one Cas threw down from where he was precariously perched with one foot on a low shelf and the other on the light board that took up the front of the room by the window looking down into the theater. Dean tried very hard not to notice what the angle did for his ass. Geez, now that he’d had a taste for Cas, it was hard to button it back up for the job.
“Until we die, baby,” Dean finished, pressing his lips to Castiel’s.
Anna’s voice sounded again, like she had pressed her face against the door, just short of coming in and disturbing their illusion of alone time. “Castiel! Put some pants on! You won’t believe who’s in the parking lot!”
“The basic values of a composition are lost in a clutter of more or less meaningless embellishment…    - Robert Coates”
“You sure it wasn’t because you look about twelve?” Dean elbowed him.
“Oh sure, by all means, go out into the great wilderness of Chicago at night, looking for a john.” The man beckoned him closer again and he went. “You know that sounds like a Dateline case waiting to happen, right? Like, you know that; this isn’t news to you, right?” Castiel’s face hardened. He backed away from the table and made a beeline for the door, ignoring the green-eyed man’s protests behind him. He made it as far as the street corner before the man caught up to him.
“Why don’t you just go ahead and fuck off out of him and I won’t have to.” Even as Oswald-in-Cas’s-body came towards him, he didn’t lower his pistol.
Castiel sighed and put him out of his misery. “Dean, will you fuck me?”
what we had that night? Or every damn day since then? You think I’ll be able to look at the backseat of the Impala and
“Take the folder. We’re taking all this.” He closed his folder of staff reports and shoved it in his jacket.
“Sure you do, yesterday you made that cool greenhouse thing out in the backyard.” Dean was referring to the monstrosity built out of thrifted window panes in the far corner of the yard. Cas had seen the idea online on Friday, and by Saturday was cruising through every yard sale and thrift store in the county looking for windows. The frame was easy to put together once Dean had gotten the drill sorted out. It wasn’t much, but now Cas had a great place to put some of the many plants they had around the house.
“I brought you something to sleep in, I know we didn’t stop to grab any of your stuff, so…” he palmed the back of his neck bashfully. He gestured to the bed. “It’s memory foam, so you should be comfortable, and there are extra blankets in the closet. I’ll let you get some sleep.” Dean padded to the door.
“And I hope you’ll remember the department that helped you along when you are paying out your dues afterwards—“
“Better slow down, son.” Bobby said, reaching down to help Castiel to his feet.
“So, do you like what you do?”
Mr. Winchester laughed out loud. Castiel thought he looked impossibly more attractive when his face lit up with joy, even though it felt like looking into the eyes of a great white shark or a tiger. “You get off on that?” Mr. Winchester asked. Cas shrugged. “Call me whatever you like. I can go by Mr. Winchester if that makes you more comfortable.” Mr. Winchester looked up thoughtfully, “Personally, I like Dean better. Makes me feel less old, but—up to you.”
“Keep going, you’re really close, aren’t you?” Castiel asked with a smile. Dean nodded furiously in the crook of his neck. “Come for me and we can go again. I really wanna get your cock inside me tonight.”
“To prove I’m not scamming you out of your money.” Oh, but Castiel was the master of sarcasm.
“Maybe
“That was amazing,” Dean said, still breathless himself. “I love—I loved it.”
Castiel could feel himself dozing off in the car. The engine’s deep rumble under his feet and the soft, familiar tune on the radio made this ride in a stranger’s car seem remarkably familiar. Crap, this was how he died, wasn’t it? Wasn’t this one of his rules, to never go home with a john? Mr. Winchester didn’t strike him as someone eager to murder him, but serial killers often don't look like serial killers.
The dancers didn’t suffer any unfortunate mishaps this time around, performing the entire routine flawlessly, and causing Castiel to applaud at the end. The girls grinned at each other and wiped at their brows as Trevor stepped forward, hands clasped in prayer.
Dean shrugged. “It has its perks, I guess. Never in the same place for too long.”
The man nodded slowly and stooped to pick up his things from one of the seats. The lights from the stage were dimmed enough that Dean couldn’t gather any specifics about his appearance, but he looked young. The man started towards the door but kept glancing back towards Dean, like he knew something was up.
Cas had the front of his shirt, necklace and all, clutched in his scratched up and bloodied hand. The same hand that had been launched at Dean’s jaw not five minutes ago. Dean’s breath caught. “Don’t leave me, Dean.” Cas’s voice was raspy and his eyes looked tired and unfocused.
Slice of life, with a heaping helping of reality.
Letting out a grunt of frustration, Castiel pushed against Dean’s chest, hard enough to knock him back a step. “Don’t try to make a joke out of this! Either you want to fuck me or you don’t.” Castiel took a breath, fire in his chest, and brought out the big guns. “You’re paying me for sex, aren’t you? That’s what you want? That’s why you dragged me into this mess.”
Once Dean dropped off his bag, he went out a side door in the direction she had pointed. Back out in the parking lot, he gazed back over at the high school. Completely dark now, it was easier to see why the place had a ghost. Most high schools carried that kind of run-down, bitten-off-more-than-you-can-chew feel about them. If ghosts were sadder in the Midwest, they were especially sadder in schools.
“I’m not sure. I just don't know if I should be alone with you like this.”
Dean sighs. “Your brain is still telling you something else?”
“Blame it on the piles of shit on his desk.”
“You told me to leave town; I wouldn’t have gone back anyway.”
"You got a hell of a right hook." Winchester smiled, but touched his cheek where it must still be tender.
“This feels like a chick position.” Castiel huffed, fighting a shiver.
(See the end of the chapter for
No, if he was going to earn this—this seemingly heaven-sent arrangement—he wasn’t about to screw it all up because he had no idea what he was doing. He couldn’t afford to. Not when tuition was on the line, and bills were due in two months.
Anna tilted her head in thought, assessing Dean. He seemed genuine. But if she’d learned anything on the streets of Chicago, it was how to seem convincing. “You know why I can’t trust whatever bullshit story comes out of your mouth, don’t you?”
He set his beer down on the counter and crossed to where Trevor stood. Castiel touched his shoulder softly and took his beer when he turned around. A confused smile was on Trevor’s face, but Castiel leaned in quickly to press his mouth against that smile instead.
“You’re gonna take those kids on the road? No offense, Cas, but they’re…” Dean trailed off, not knowing how to not sound exactly as offensive as he was trying not to be.
“No. I don’t wanna talk.”
Grinning, Sam stood and moved across the floor to wrap his arms around her from behind. “I love you, but I don’t think I want to see that bedroom anymore than we have been.” It had been a long and hard (heh) road trying to conceive. Of course, it hadn’t been for lack of trying, and the doctor’s advice was to just be patient and let nature take its course. Sarah and Sam were both healthy adults with completely normal levels of hormones. To Sam, it felt like they’d been trying for ages.
He was 80% sure it was still a spirit, but the other percentage of him was screaming to call dad, that this was an anomaly. No spirit should be able to handle getting whacked in the face with iron and
“Dean—”
Dean swallowed noisily, and stared back, equal parts terrified and certain. “Absolutely.”
Cas wasted no time before he was rolling and pressing Dean onto his back, so the comforter was bunched around him. He trailed a line of kissed across Dean’s palm and continued up his arm, not being able to resist the sappy gesture. He slid his hand the opposite way down Dean’s arm, ghosting feather-light over Dean’s palm. Dean surprised him by spreading his fingers and drawing Cas’s between them. With their palms locked together, Cas moved their hands to Dean’s side, so he could continue holding his hand as he commenced his next intentions.
“Fine. Your metatarsals are connected to the lateral cuneiforms,” Cas rattled off. He really did know the theoretical part of anatomy, “which are attached to the cuboid and from there, the calcaneus. But your ankle starts here,” he used Dean’s foot to gesture, “and then it moves up to the tarsus and the navicular and then the talus which connects directly to the tibia.”
“I dunno,” Castiel leaned back in his chair. “he might be just a client, but he’s one of the best clients I’ve ever had. I might need to hang on to him for a while.”
“I just need some time. Can we try again later? Maybe in a few weeks?”
Dean’s stomach clenched uncomfortably. “Hey, come on. You had the job for what, three months? Don’t think I liked any of my teachers until at least January.” Dean decidedly did
Content warning for mildly dubious consent that is realized and dealt with promptly.
Dean clapped him on the shoulder. “Bet you’re glad I didn’t get too far away, huh?” He chuckled at Novak’s glare and took the opportunity to pull out his EMF reader. The pings it sent out were far more subdued this time. The ghost wasn’t gone, but it was hiding for now. Waiting.
Castiel tripped over a stray branch Bobby must have missed, but recovered. “No, it’s... fine. He and I have had our history. We don’t get on too well.”
“By helping
“Fine.”
“Can’t help it. I love your throat.”
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Winchester.” Rule number two, refer to the john as Sir or Mister, until directed otherwise.
On his way into town, Dean had stopped at the solitary blue historical marker on the outskirts of the main area. Lone Tree was the name of the local history buff draw, and the statue that stood as a memorial was just
“I’m—I’m fired.” Castiel said to himself, the dozenth time in about three minutes. “Adler fired me—and…?”
Dean swallowed, and opened the door fully. He leaned against the frame. “Guess that’s not how it seemed last night—“
Dean pulled the car away from the curb and turned a corner to head east. “No problem. Nobody was giving you trouble, were they?”
He offered his pinky to Cas, who smiled reluctantly and wrapped his own finger around Dean’s. “I’m holding you to that. Legally binding, you know?” Cas slumped down to the pillows, already exhausted again.
“Did you call her on her birthday?”
Least he could do was buy Castiel and Anna a Coke. Vanilla if they had it.
’d from the bushes and stepped out in front of them. Cas cooed at the cat as he unlocked the door, but brushed it gently aside with his foot. Dean sneezed, and Cas looked up apologetically. “Sorry, he’s not my cat. He’s a neighborhood stray that I feed sometimes.”
But all good things had to come to an end.
Cas looked up suddenly, clearly on the verge of tears. “I can’t talk about this with you. I need to leave.”
Alfie jumped off the wall, scooped up his camera, and ran ahead to beat Bernard back to the truck, parked at the base of the hill. He heard the rest of the group hot on his heels. Maybe he needed to consider a new career.
He didn’t want to admit it, but that stung more than anything had in a while. He knew he was fooling himself, playing house like this. He knew it wasn’t going to last, but he had been enjoying it while it lasted.
“Right, right. No, that makes sense.” Dean didn’t speak for several moments. He looked like he was measuring the weight of his next words. “You happy here?”
Sam looked out the windshield a moment. There was silence between them, but it wasn’t uncomfortable. Finally, he said. “Sarah and I are trying for a baby." He kept his gaze firmly on the blinking sign advertising keno on the big window of the bar.
“I’m not sorry.”
The older man leaned in close to Castiel’s ear and whispered, “I want to open you up with my fingers.” He laved his tongue over Castiel’s ear and down his neck. Castiel’s entire body shuddered. “And then I want to fuck you.”
"Why won't you let me touch you?" Castiel asked, and hated how close his voice sounded to breaking again.
“Well, good,” said Dean, rather lamely. “I was afraid I’d be too late and I’d only be finding your corpse or something.” He winced at the thought of being too late, and missing the sight in front of him. Cas might be hurt and hating him, but he was alive. Dean could deal with the rest.
A moment of silence passed between them. “You’ll have to show me what you want, I don’t know what I’m doing.” Castiel leaned forward, halfway looking for reasons for the man to back out of his offer.
Cas smirked. “They’re supposed to be out by eleven and their parents are slated to clean up. We don’t technically need to stay, especially if Ted’s here. Besides, I thought we’d go find a corner of the costume shop and make out or something.”
His grip was clumsy, he knew. He felt stoned and drunk and high and manic all at the same time. He wrapped a hand around Cas’s cock, relishing the way it made Cas clench tighter around him, pitching forward with pleased surprise.
“Nah, you didn’t. It was a salt round, not a bullet.” Dean limped carefully back over to where Adler was laying. “He’ll be okay. Probably thank us for getting the ghost outta him.”
“Want me to find out?” Cas asked, his smile crooked with intention that stopped Dean in his tracks entirely.
The guy—tall with good hair, nicer than Dean’s—loped gracefully away to his car. Dean didn’t even have to be relatively close to see the warm smile plastered on the dude’s face. Not that he could blame the guy, he was sure he’d had a more than similar expression on his face the first time he’d laid one on Cas. The guy wore closer-fitting pants than Dean ever tried to get away with, bowlegs considered. He was muscular, the kind of muscular that dancers and gymnasts had in spades. Functional muscle. Great, that meant he was some kinda artsy guy like Cas. Perfect fit, probably. He kept his eyes trained on Cas, feeling more like a creep with every passing moment. He shouldn’t be here, shouldn’t be intruding on this moment, but he had to see. He had to see that Cas was well and truly happy here away from the city and away from Dean. Maybe this was why Dean had found him. Maybe the universe was giving him a good kick in the head to go back home and leave Castiel to his life. Dean clenched and unclenched his hands around the leather of the steering wheel. Maybe the universe wasn’t as benevolent as Dean wanted to believe. Dean’s eyes were glued with rapt attention as Cas watched the guy drive off, but he didn’t grin and wave, nor did he look down and blush, like one might expect after a good date with a potential partner. He just watched.
“My name isn’t James.” Castiel blurted out.
That would make for a suitable alibi. Man chases his dreams to New York, and when he fails miserably, has to come all the way back home, probably getting jeered by his classmates along the way. He’s miserable as a teacher, and takes it out on himself in a permanent way.
He checked around the curtains, tugged at all the ropes experimentally, he even straight-up asked the spirit to come out. Nothing did anything. If this was an angry spirit, it was certainly one of the quieter ones he’s met.
Cas shook his head. “Doubtful that he’ll keep up the position that long. He wasn’t really that invested in it already.”
“Okay, okay kid, take it easy. Please sit down?” Castiel came back to himself and noted how Mr. Winchester was holding himself—like he was trying to keep as much space between the two of them as possible. Maybe he had changed his mind? Maybe he didn't want Castiel after all?
Dean grinned again, his eyes flashing as he turned around and slid his boxer briefs down over the curve of his ass. He bent down as he slid the underwear down, giving Castiel a show, like he knew he was attractive.
Cas nodded. “Whatever you need, I can help.”
excuse for actors I have ever seen!” The man who looked an awful lot like Cas finished with a flourish. The students looked at each other, unsure if they should laugh. A smattering of whispering started in the audience.
Except maybe his mouth. Or his hands, slowly coming up. Shit, this was going exactly where he thought it was. Right here in their shared kitchen.
“Then fuck me.”
It was enough to set Dean off, freezing for a second before he started shuddering all over. Castiel came to the feeling of wet heat against his cock as Dean spilled his release inside his boxers. Castiel might have thought about giving him shit for it, but as he thrust his hips into the good feeling, he wasn’t any better off.
Dean was half off the sofa, reaching towards him. “Cas, I am so sorry. You’ll never know how sorr—“
“—severely realigned my understanding of my own sexuality?” Dean couldn’t help but try to lighten Cas’s melancholy tone.
“Who do I make it out to?”
“Is there gonna be meatballs?”
In the end, they only would up making it to Dean’s bedroom because Anna wanted a ride back to Chicago. She wasn’t staying—her life in small-town Kansas too fulfilling—but she wanted to grab a few things before heading back; this time with Jo in tow. They arrived at the house in record time, and stopped only briefly to say hello to Missouri in the kitchen, the housekeeper insisting on a hug while they were quite literally tugging each other out of the room.
“So… was that weird… or anything? I just— I really like having you as a roommate and I don’t want you to feel like you have to move out or anything just because… you know.” Dean trailed off. Cas considered for a moment, trailing his index finger up Dean’s side.
Shaking her head, Anna went back to the red Ford that belonged to Jo and pulled a duffle bag out of the back. “I wasn’t sure what kind of state you’d be in, so I packed the essentials in case we had to get out of town for a few days.” She grinned guiltily.
Dean couldn’t hold back a laugh. “Yeah, other than that, pretty quiet, right?”
“Thank you, pickiest eater in the world. That is a compliment far greater than you know.”
"Dean, this is dumb. No. I'm not going to use you as a living cadaver." What Dean was suggesting was silly beyond belief. Cas refused to tempt himself with Dean's body that way. Just because he had an unfortunate crush on his best friend and roommate did not give him the excuse to molest Dean that way.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel pushed past the both of them into the living room. He tugged Anna’s arm until she followed him to the couch where he sat down, pulling her with him. Winchester sat a reasonably safe distance away from the pair on one of the armchairs. Anna kept her eyes on the familiar stranger in her apartment the whole time.
Afterwards, Dean plucked his beer from the counter and took another sip. Cas cracked the lid off of his and did the same. He leaned against the sink and tilted his head as he considered Dean. He was still a bit pink and he wasn’t looking at Cas... or anything really in particular.
Castiel was a fucking virgin. Dean would have thought he was lying, but there was something about the kid that looked entirely too innocent to be playing whatever dangerous game he had going out on the streets. Dean believed him wholeheartedly. Even more so, after he witnessed the near-panic attack Castiel had while gearing up to sleep with him that first night. Dean wasn’t sure what he was thinking, inviting Castiel to spend the night at his place after making him an offer to essentially be his sugar daddy, but he knew he was more than gleeful when Castiel agreed to think about it.
“No, she offered me a job. In her design house.”
Dean closed his eyes briefly, before taking his cock in hand and spreading a liberal amount of lube across his skin. He lined himself up against Castiel’s entrance and pushed enough that the tip sunk in cleanly. Castiel was robbed of his breath again, and Dean’s arms were shaking minutely when he readjusted to stay balanced. Castiel reached up to twine his fingers around Dean’s wrists, tourniquets of their own right.
Dean has some brotherly bonding, and Castiel does some school supply shopping.
“I’m pleased to know you have at least heard of me, Mr. Novak.”
Castiel stood up and turned around, automatically fitting himself between Dean’s knees. Dean’s hands smoothed up his thighs and settled on his waist. Even if Castiel couldn't commit to this whole sex thing all the way, he still loved the way Dean’s hands felt on him, strong and warm.
“Sorry.” Dean braced his hands on the chair in front of him, keeping his gaze firmly on the table.
“Oh bless you, Dean.” Castiel said aloud, hurriedly plugging his phone into the wall with one of the three charging cords tucked neatly into the drawer. The phone’s screen glowed almost resentfully as it booted up.
“Maybe that’s on purpose?”
Dean rolled his eyes, “Should I meet up with you at school?”
“What in blazes are you doing in my office?” Adler looked utterly nonplussed. “A better question—what the hell are you doing here at all?”
“You want me gone so bad, don’t you? Want this all to be over?”
“Almost like real people.” Castiel couldn’t help teasing.
Anyway.
Dean’s huge hands cradled his jaw, thumbs tucked in the dip in front of his ear. When Dean’s tongue slipped inside his mouth, Castiel obediently opened his jaw wider. Dean pressed in harder, keeping it open with his own mouth.
Shit.
“I know.”
Screw it, Anna was curious. “Then why send him away? Castiel wasn’t making a whole lot of sense that day, but he was pretty clear on that. You didn’t want him there.”
“I know.” Castiel said coldly.
Cas moved steadily up his arm, keeping his touch light. “Okay, now the… radius is the top bone in your forearm and then it’s the ulna. And that’s connected the humerus with a ginglymus joint.”
“It’s okay,” Castiel said, grabbing Dean’s hand with his own. When Dean loosened his grip enough, Castiel moved his hand just a bit downwards, right over his throat. “Can we do this for a bit more though? Before I go? I’ll leave you to your cars—just choke me for a bit.”
But Cas still had nowhere to go. He was still fired after the show was done, and it was unlikely the principal would be too keen to change that, especially once he got a look at the theater. Dean winced. It would probably be an asshole move to leave without saying goodbye at least. Especially, he reasoned, since they’d had that whole... thing together. If Cas still wanted to see him. Dean was hopeful Cas would at least talk to him, emboldened by how glad Cas had been to see him in the supply closet. But maybe he was just glad to be alive, and wouldn’t want to revisit their night together. Several nights.
Castiel shook his head. “Don’t you, though?”
Castiel shrugged. “Just thought you’d want to know where I am. Unless you want me to do something.”
Sam was patient as Dean stood up and dusted off his ratty jeans. He did look thinner as Missouri had feared, Sam noticed. He looked tired too, like he hadn’t slept properly in about a month. Maybe more. Sam convinced him to put on something a little less oil stained and herded him into the black Challenger that Dean never missed an opportunity to tease him about.
“Anna, I don’t—“
Castiel shrank back, equal parts delighted and terrified at the cold steel of Dean’s gaze. “Y-yes.”
“Relax, we haven’t even gone over the paperwork yet to make it official.” Dean stood up and undid his tie.
“I got called in because Becky sprained her ankle… again.”
“No weird vengeances against anyone?” Dean dumped the folder, as it turned out to be only insurance information. “Secrets to hide?”
the one with the problem. Did I leave anything out?” The blue of Cas’s eyes was different in the dim light of the bedroom, but the anger in them was uncharacteristic and unmistakable.
He drew the girls in their starting positions, up straight. However, instead of their exercise gear, close cut to not get in their way, he drew them in long flowing robes, cascading over their shoulders, pooling at their feet. He drew so the satin of their robes hinted at the skin underneath, transparent enough to show the light, but opaque enough to drape in the right places. He drew them standing at attention, perhaps to a god they served; perhaps standing above a god who served them. He sketched out the edge of the room, blurred the details so it wasn’t as clearly a dance studio. Made it lighter, more ethereal, more like heaven.
They bid Ellen farewell as she went stomping back into the kitchen, the sounds of clattering pots and pans echoing out into the rest of the bar with the swing of the door.
“Whatever you want.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The hostess blinked, and was suddenly all smiles. “What can I do for you?” She batted her lashes. Dean noted that her mascara was smudged underneath one eye, like she had wiped it with her hand.
theater. This is every bad drama teacher horror story I’ve ever heard of, and somehow this is still worse!”
“Oh, I always want you baby. I’m gonna make you come so goddamn hard first and then I’m going to take you.” He murmured, barely above a heated whisper.
Cas raised an eyebrow, his smirk growing slowly. “Yes, it was nice.”
“I like you, Dean.” Cas glanced at him, pleading again. “I feel more alive with you than I ever have. I like being around you, even when you tease me. I like hunting with you, and sue me, but I like kissing you, too. Even when you leave, that won’t change.” His tone changed to anger. “And I’m sorry, but I think I’m falling in love with you, too.”
Dean’s mouth lifted in an understanding smile. “It’s kind of a lot, I know. But it’s something I enjoy and I think you could really benefit from it too. Money or not.”
When it was done, Dean felt the weariness creeping in on his muscles like he’d run a marathon. He laid there with his face in Cas’s heaving chest, too tired to move or even think about moving. Cas’s breath was shaky, as were his hands when they went skating over the slick skin of his back. Dean didn’t usually like cuddling after sex. He was a sensual guy, sure, but the thought of tangling up with someone else after all that sweaty time together usually made his skin crawl. Here, though, he thought he could allow himself a few minutes to bask in the beginnings of a seriously peaceful afterglow. After all, it was kinda special.
“Next question is where are we going to burn these? We definitely can’t do it on school grounds again, and I know the motel won’t appreciate some weirdo burning hats in the parking lot.”
There was a wild look in Adler’s eyes, hyper-focused and sharp, but so unlike the man that Dean had to wonder— “Oswald?” He gasped as fingers clamped down on his throat. “Y-you’re… possessing him?” He choked out around Adler’s hand.
Dean was up out of his seat and halfway to the stage when the lights flickered off entirely. Screams pierced the air as panic took over. The atrium lights were still on, which caused weird strokes of light illuminating the running bodies and clouds of smoke from the lights. When the lights snapped back on, Not-Cas was gone, leaving Dean and a few students alone on the stage with a broken pile of plywood and shattered glass from some of the lights overhead.
“You know more anatomy than you think. Not bad, for an engineering major.” He replied. Dean stuck out his tongue. As he moved slowly over Dean's chest, fingers wandering over the rayed star-sun tattoo over his heart, he heard Dean’s breathing pick up slightly. He tried to ignore the way the skin beneath his fingers seemed to be heating up.
Castiel felt himself getting angry. He was tired of pretending he meant something to Dean besides an easy lay. “No, I don’t. Why should I be any different? Just some whore you messed around with—“
The town was nice enough, clean streets and plenty of trees. It even had a library with a well-stocked mystery section. They hunkered down in a small motel for a few weeks, working odd jobs here and there, before they could put down a security deposit on a two-bedroom in the nicer part of the business district.
The two looked at each other. “How many bowler hats you got?” Dean asked as he quirked a brow.
Gabriel looked glum. “He said no, on account of his secret attachment to Missouri’s exceptional cooking. Speaking of which,” he perked up again. “Where is she? Think she’ll whip me up some lunch while we go over numbers?”
“I don’t remember making a pinky promise to fuck you.” Dean snapped. Castiel fell silent. Drying his hands, Dean threw his shirt over his shoulder, going over to the stairs to grab his briefcase. “I’m going upstairs to take a proper shower. Come… get me if you need me.” He finished and started back up the stairs.
“Yeah, but you’re a lot cooler than anyone else I’ve met, so…” He waved his hand. “Plus actual relationships take time. And commitment. I don’t have the patience or the sanity for either of those things. Seriously, if there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s that why bother with taking the long route, if you can just pay for a roundabout?”
“S-sorry, Cas. It’s just- I’m sorry, no one’s touched me like this for a long, long time and it just f-sorry.”
The wide-eyed look on Cas’s face told him that Cas was willing to try about anything Dean asked if it meant getting their mouths back together and their skin touching again. Still panting, Cas nodded.
“I catch you in my office yesterday, and now?” Adler plowed on, angry as hell. “And you were setting fire to the football field, no doubt causing hundreds of dollars of damage. I thought I made myself perfectly clear in our discussion
Dean shrugged. “I picked up a bit while I was growing up. Before Missouri, I had a housekeeper that spoke really broken English. She was cool.”
“Caaaaaasss.” Dean tangled a hand in Cas’s hair, not tugging, just holding on for dear life. Dean had his head back and his eyes closed, but Cas wanted Dean’s full attention while he took him apart, nice and slow.
And it was so
He most definitely did ace the midterm the next day.
“Damn patron of the arts, that one.” Dean grumbled, turning back to the results on the phone screen. There were a few more here, links to schools around the area, reviews of productions that schools had put on, even—
“I wasn’t lying.” Dean paused, “about that anyway.”
In short, Dean was pretty sure he was in love, and very sure he was in trouble.
They came down slowly, sliding together like liquid and melting in a messy pile on the chair. It creaked and settled, protesting the weight of two grown men carelessly frotting each other, but held as they sat back. Dean stroked his fingers up and down Castiel’s spine, his touch whisper soft after the hectic pace they’d set earlier. They stayed there as their skin cooled and turned sticky. They stayed there and listened to the door down many hallways opened and closed repeatedly as guests entered the house and had loud conversations with each other amongst the colorful walls of artwork.
be too much older than Dean’s own 24 years of age, but he already seemed to be very good at getting under this man’s skin.
He rifled through his paints, popping open different tubes and squirting a bit on his fingers, one color to a finger. Who needed brushes? Who the fuck cared? Back at his canvas, he slapped his hand down, splattering his face and hair with multicolored flecks of paint. He dragged his hand across the cloth, using his other hand to drag the other way. God, this felt so right, just letting the art make itself, rather than plan and agonize over composition and line. Real life didn’t need lines, so carefully drawn and stagnant. Real life needed explosions of color and chaos to keep it interesting and livable. Castiel remembered the corn fields on the outskirts of Pontiac, remembered how they drove him mad with their precise lines and monotonous sameness. Each line the same with its green stalks bleeding yellow up into the fine hairs that Castiel hated finding on his clothes after a long day helping the snot-nosed detasselers that were bussed out to the farm each morning in the scorching hot summer. He remembered the boring people of his small town, the even more boring people of his high school. He remembered how, aside from the one shining example that green-eyed girl had been in the seventh grade, all the people there were the same. The same clothes, the same taste in music, the same fucking everything.
His loping gait turned into a sprint when he heard the guy start screaming.
He directed Cas to follow close behind as he peered around the corner into the hallway, making sure the coast was clear on their way back to the fire escape. He really didn’t want to have to hurt Kaiser, but he also didn’t want to have to deal with the police right now. A common wish with him.
He needed money, there was no way around it. Between rent and his upcoming semester, to say things were getting tight was a bit of the biggest understatement of the century. His job at the bookstore only covered so much, and Chicago wasn’t the cheapest place to live. However, there also wasn’t anywhere else Castiel could see himself living. Not with the program offered at the Institute and the doors it could open after graduation.
Oswald threw him off and stood, straightening Cas’s shirt and tie.“No, I think I’ll keep him. He’s been a terrible host of the theater and he must be punished.”
“Yeah, probably.” Cas whispered. “Wanna go make out on the couch?”
He leaned in and pressed his lips to Cas’s, immediately slipping him tongue because he figured if he was only going to get to mess around with Cas while he was in town, he might as well go for broke. “Give it to me, please.” He panted against Cas’s mouth after a few seconds.
And, too, Sam Winchester also thought of himself as more grounded than his brother. By no means did either Dean or himself have an easy childhood. Losing their mother so early left their father in such a state of despair that he died of a broken heart not three years later. They had been wealthy before the death of their parents, trust fund babies on a massive insurance company’s dime, but with Dean’s willingness to risk more than he probably should, and Sam’s good common sense, both Winchesters found themselves in a position where they had more money than they knew what to really do with.
“It was fun, and we were safe about it.” Cas shrugged. “It was probably just what I needed, honestly.”
Dean shook his head. “Image search has nothing but some pictures of the school. Unless—“ he got back to the search bar and typed in
This changed everything if Cas
He turned so he was on his side, and tugged Dean to face him, their noses so close they were practically touching. “Never.” He whispered.
“I don’t need it! I have the money—!”
“I’ll leave you to your work, Smith. Remember to leave the trash can by my desk, won’t you? Carla should have told you that.”
“You don’t have to, if you don’t want to.” Cas laughed, totally at ease. Totally ignoring the fact that Dean almost had him by the mouth again in the costume room a few hours ago. “We have the hats, and we need somewhere to get rid of them anyway. Nothing untoward. It’s just a drink, not a marriage proposal.” Cas said, the corner of his mouth quirking up in time with the tilt of his eyebrow. The very same one that Dean had fantasized about earlier.
“No, further
Castiel was staring up at the ceiling for far longer than he recognized being awake. He wondered how many times Anna texted him last night after he turned off his phone, or if she had given up and started calling. He hadn’t ever not come home after a trick. It was part of the rules; you don’t go home with the john and definitely never go anywhere without telling someone else. Here he was in the expensive lakeside estate of a man who wanted to keep him as a live-in boyfriend in exchange for paying for school. There had to be a catch; this was the kind of deal sex workers combed the city for. Even more, his potential sugar daddy seemed… good. He wasn’t concerned that Castiel hadn’t been with a man—or anyone—before, and seemed encouraged by it. He could be one of those guys that got off on the whole virginity facade. But, Castiel reasoned, Dean was interested before he knew that fact about him.
Dean huffed with a wry smile. “I do not
“To put it in such crude terms, I suppose. Surely you must see the etiquette of doing so, Mr. Novak?”
He felt Dean shift as he shrugged. “Probably would have happened sooner than later.” Dean chuckled. “Feels kinda illicit, though, doesn’t it? Sneaking around from the press.”
“Agent. You sure you wanna take down that man just by yourself? He’s proved to be pretty dangerous.” Dean had to stifle a laugh. Yeah, it was a vengeful spirit, but somewhere—he hoped—it was still Cas in there.
Castiel shivered in delight at his words, relieved beyond measure that Dean wasn’t firing him or kicking him out, thrilled that he could still have this.
“Mr. Winchester, glad to put a face to a voice on the phone.” Castiel recognized the put-upon falsely cheery voice Balthazar adopted when his present company could help him out financially.
confused now. He didn’t think Cas would take his leaving this… personally. “I don’t—. Cas, we talked about me leaving. I have to go.“
“Not really,” Dean confessed. “It was... fun.”
Waving her down, Dean handed her a five-dollar bill. “Keep it. Thanks.” He eased the door open into the dark theater. The show was in the swing of things, and a few parents cast him an annoyed look as the light from the atrium streaked into the theater. Dean quickly shut the door behind him and blinked a few times so his eyes would adjust. In his adrenaline-fueled mania, he nearly took out the kid who grabbed his arm to offer him a program and to point out an empty seat in a hushed voice. Dan muttered his apology and sat down quickly, adjusting his gun beneath his jacket. He had to get ahold of himself or he’d never make it to the end of the show. He didn’t know if this was the best place to be either, but he knew Cas would be here, and that was all he needed right now.
While sitting in his seat on the now-moving subway, Castiel pulled up his ongoing chat with Dean. He attached the picture from Vegas.
“Whaddya say, Cas? You wanna make a deal?”
Castiel frowned and nodded. “We also might try the library. It should be open until at least nine. Hopefully that should give us some time to look around.”
Castiel’s family was off-limits for conversation pretty much always. He didn’t like to talk about his home life, and didn’t like others to ask about it. All he said was that he had a mother and sister in Pontiac, and that they didn’t see much of each other anymore. No father, no school friends. Anna was the first person he met off the bus to Chicago, and the only friend he kept in contact with. Apart from her, Castiel had no one to tell where he was, no one to marvel over and laugh at the ridiculous but understated opulence of his current surroundings. He wasn’t expected at the bookstore until Monday afternoon, and the Institute was on break for summer term.
It took a few seconds for Castiel’s gaze to wander back up to Dean’s face, but he saw that smirk again before it was quickly schooled into an expectant, but patient expression. Dean was waiting to be told what to do next. Dean would do whatever Castiel told him to do. He could order this man to suck him off and he would. Probably with a smile on his face. Castiel sat up straight in the chair. “And your underwear.” He was proud that he mostly kept the tremor out of his voice.
Castiel nodded slowly. “Yes, I wanted the focus to be on the mood, rather than the person himself. Sort of like a template.”
“When does rehearsal start?”
Cas stood as well and took one last look around to make sure he hadn’t left anything important. Dean took the last box under one arm and followed Cas out, locking the door and sliding the key under the rug for the landlord to find. They were almost out the front of the building when Cas stopped and looked around. “Maybe those books won’t go to the thrift shop.”
“Castiel, I am so sorry.” Dean said. He flexed his hands on the wheel, leather creaking under his fingers.
"Guess we both turned out okay, didn't we?" Dean said. Castiel shrugged, and scooted closer to Dean's warmth.
“I thought relationships took too much time.” Castiel’s voice felt raw.
The clerk, his tag said Andy, nodded. “I’m not usually one for ghost stories, but that school right there is definitely haunted.”
Cas stretched slightly. Dean felt a pleasant rush of warmth at the sight. “Loads better than last night.”
She blinked, bored already, at him. “Rent you a room, sir?”
Finally, when Missouri came and tapped at their door with a knowing “Make yourselves decent for your guests”, they ducked out of the chair with guilty smiles and went about getting re-fixed to go out in public.
He swore. It was that nosy guy—a teaching assistant or whatever he was—come back from wherever he’d gone. Dean vanished behind the curtain again right as the guy’s own flashlight beam came up to sweep the stage. His footsteps were mere feet away from where Dean was hiding. He had to make a decision. Was it better to let the guy find him, probably with the cops already on the phone? Probably not. Better go for option two.
Dean didn’t look over. “My pleasure.”
Castiel huffed. Anna wouldn't believe this. “Thank you.” He slipped out of his seat on the couch, and sank to his knees in front of Dean, spreading the man’s legs so he had room to sit. Again, Dean blinked.
” He consented to settling back in, however. He pulled the covers more firmly on top of Cas with his free hand.
“To bed. You drove ten hours today.”
Dean pulled out the photograph from his jacket pocket. He smoothed it out and handed it over. “See for yourself.”
“Busy day.”
Connect with me on Tumblr! Search for azo_dye!!!
He let himself sink into his “client” mind space as he worked the man’s cock over, paying attention to when his breath went ragged, and when he swore, wiping sweat away from his brow.
Anna nodded and smiled. “It’s not like we’ve had a heck of a lot of luck here, have we?”
<<Sent:
“A what?” Dean asked, laughing.
A small clearing in the bushes afforded him some space to think, away from the bodies and swearing of the frustrated journalists. Poking around, he noticed a chunk cut out of the brick, a foot or so up from the ground. Glancing back to the group, Alfie slung his camera over his shoulder. He put his hands on the wall above the divot, and placed his foot on the cut out. Hoisting himself up, he found he could get his hands up to the top of the wall. Hanging off the top, he found another divot a few feet above the first one. This was great! Maybe he could sneak in over the side, away from the scary gardener and just… show up at Winchester’s back door? Okay, he wasn’t real clear on the details yet, but at least he had a leg up over the rest of the yahoos at the gate… no pun intended.
Nodding, Castiel stepped in the elevator of the garage. They parked on level two.
Sighing, Dean pulled out his last card. “Look, I know it won’t make up for it or anything, but... can I take you out for that drink we talked about? Get your mind off it?”
“—and I don’t even like women!” Castiel blurted and then blanched. He felt like his eyes must be the size of dinner plates in his mortification.
“Not like us, right? Mr. Kent Clarkson?” Castiel nudged him with his elbow. “Do you do that a lot? Is Dean even your real name?”
"Well, actually your hand is composed of a lot of little bones, it's not just one bone."
With that, Dean walked down the hallway without looking back, leaving Castiel standing in the doorway of a rarely used office in a multi-billion dollar home with the number of said multi-billionaire on a yellow sticky note.
after the last bell at three o’clock.” Cas opened the cupboard and took down two mugs. He filled an electric kettle with water and while it was boiling, bustled around putting toast in the toaster.
The Morning After™
Castiel went back to the remote, hurriedly closing a menu that had popped up on screen. He wondered what life would have been like being raised by housekeepers and nannies. “Missouri is nice. She treats you like family.”
Cas didn’t even turn around. “Dean.”
“I just need time to process this.” Castiel said quietly.
Castiel huffed as he thumped his head onto Dean’s shoulder. He should probably have asked before getting cuddly, but the way Dean’s hands came up to stroke his sweaty back told him this might just be okay without asking.
But every time Dean starts down that path, he has to mentally shake himself. If he gets too caught up in the what-ifs, he ends up looking down the neck of a bottle of Jack, and he’d like to wake up without a headache at least once this week. He knows Missouri and Bobby are worried. He knows Sam is stressed about trying to get him out of the house and into some sense of normalcy again. He knows he at least needs to push himself into moving on, even if it doesn’t feel genuine right now, at least for his family’s sake. He’s sick and tired of feeling so broken up about this, the guilt is crushing him. What hurts him more is that he doesn’t have any idea where Castiel could be. Jo offered to find out more than once, but he turned her down each time. Castiel deserved more than Dean stalking him out of a broken heart. He didn’t deserve to be in Castiel’s presence right now. So he spends time alone and he thinks and he handles things.
He swiped at his eyes angrily. It wasn’t like Cas was wrong necessarily. There was a reason he preferred his unattached life as a hunter. It wasn’t like he could really settle down anywhere. Not without a shitload of problems from this life following him to hunt him down and make him sorry.
“It’s not haunted, there’s just… a
He pulled into the parking lot behind a row of shops lining the main road, each with a second level. He turned off the car and sighed. Maybe this was pointless. Maybe this was the universe telling him to give it up already.
Castiel nodded. “She sent me down with breakfast. She said that you can forget to eat down here.”
Dean looked around as well, and heaved a sigh of his own. It could take hours to even catalog this much stuff, not to mention try to figure out what might have any trace of Oswald’s DNA on it. “Any idea where to even start?”
“I’m not letting you ‘do your thing’.” Dean had to fight an eye roll at Novak’s use of air quotes. “Especially now that I know you’re crazy and think that ghosts are real.”
Sarah shrugged at Sam. Sam took a deep breath. Dean might actually deck him for this in his own home, in front of his wife.
Castiel took a deep breath and settled back into the comforter. Dean really did spare no expense when it came to creature comforts like this. Castiel wasn't sure if the blanket was filled with down or what, but he was certain he had never felt a bed this comfortable before, blindfolded or not.
Dean didn’t respond to that, taking his phone and himself away from the window. How had the universe aligned so perfectly as to put someone he knew in contact with Cas? This was perfect, this was going to solve everything, this was—
"Hey, watch it! That tickles."
The man fumbled a bit of lube onto his finger, before jabbing it at Castiel’s hole. He gasped and tried to settle back. While there was some knowledge there, the man’s expression couldn’t have been more stressed. He constantly kept darting between where his finger was playing a staccato rhythm and Castiel’s face, as if to make sure he was doing alright.
“You hunters mess around with what you have no understanding of!” He threw Dean a distance away with strength no middle-aged man could possess. He landed badly on his ankle, a tell-tale
Dean pushed back from the table to set his dish in the water by Cas’s hand. He busied himself with the leftover pasta on the stove, pulling a plastic container from the cupboard above the range. Dean would probably insist Cas take it for lunch tomorrow.
At the end of it, it wouldn't have mattered what the guy looked like, or who he was. The only requirements Castiel had for tonight were: available, interested, and interested in a one-off. He just needed to get this over with so he could lose that pit in his stomach whenever he thought about how inexperienced he still was compared to Dean.
Despite Dean assuring him there was plenty of space in the Impala’s trunk, Cas actually wasn’t taking a whole lot. A few favorite books, his headphones and laptop, and—to Dean’s amusement—an EpiPen for his apparent peanut allergy was all that went into his duffle alongside most of his clothes. That duffle was sitting securely next to Dean’s in the trunk.
Dick Roman?” Dean couldn’t believe it. Dick Roman was one of the country’s most successful entries in Forbes’
Dean stalked over and pushed himself into Castiel’s space. He only had about one or two inches over Castiel, but like this, he knew he was intimidating. “You are such a dumbass. I’m the last person you wanna blackmail.” He growled and was pleased to see Castiel shrink slightly under the attention, but was less enthused to see Castiel’s pupils expand at this proximity.
“It was by mutual agreement—“ Castiel sounded defensive, event his own ears.
Dean laughed and assured him that no, it wasn’t a car, but that it was an excellent idea. Castiel groaned.
Adler snarled at him. “Learned a few tricks in my decades here. It is a learning institute, after all.” He moved his other hand from his jacket to his throat as well, so he was effectively being held by his neck by a murderous ghost in a principal’s body.
“Staff are not permitted in the administrative suite, especially my office. Understand?” Adler gripped his shoulder to make his point.
“I—what?”
Sr. Guerrero waved a hand. “It is because you are an artist, Castiel. You are all the same.” He looked up with a teasing smile. Castiel rolled his eyes and looked away.
Dean snarled and readjusted so the pistol was right against Cas’s temple. “Get out or I swear I’ll shoot. It’ll hurt you just as much.”
“No, this was… this was my last shot.” Castiel stopped pacing and stared down at the pavement between his shoes.
was. He knew sex with women. Knew how to make them crazy for it, for his hands, for him. He wanted that with Cas. Knew he’d be an absolute mess under his hands. “You know what you’re doing?”
Castiel shrugged.
“It gets… draining.”
He shook his head. “So lewd. Immediately. Let’s leave tomorrow.”
He whined. “I’ll come for you. I’m really close. So close.” Dean zipped the vibrator across his balls and Castiel jerked up, almost sitting. He felt the strain of his abs and arms from sitting that way, but he didn’t care. The heat in his stomach was spreading to his face. He was blushing so hotly, he felt like the flames might burst out of him.
“He’s been asking for you, if you’d like to follow me.”
Castiel’s eyes widened almost comically. “A car—! No no no no no, I can’t accept a car. I don’t even have a place to park it at my shitty apartment.”
Castiel slid his hands up Dean’s chest to his biceps, clutching them with the depth of the emotion he was feeling. “Maybe you should go lie down and get some rest. You’re not making a lot of sense, honey.” Castiel winced as he heard the pet name come out, but Dean either didn’t notice or didn’t care.
Castiel staggered back and sank down onto the ottoman in front of Mr. Winchester’s chair. He hung his head and tried to get his breathing back under control. What a disgrace.
He feigned a hurt expression, but couldn’t quite keep his smile off his face. “Aw, so you don’t want to go to prom with me?”
Their dinner started out perfectly normal. The venue was new, just opened last week. The owner was some baseball star recently moved back to the city, trying to keep his place in Chicago relevancy. The restaurant promised the best steaks, cooked by the finest chefs brought in special all the way from California. Dean had just wanted to see if the steak was as good as the one he’d had in Omaha the last time he was there on business.
Castiel tried again, tearing his eyes away to brush his fingers against Dean’s shoulder. Dean stiffened at his touch, and Castiel recoiled. Instead, he pulled his hand back to his lap, curling it tightly around the other. He turned back to the screen and the two watched as the reporters methodically and casually break apart everything Dean had worked for in the last decade.
“I think I’m the one being complicated, actually.” Castiel stroked underneath Anita’s chin when she leapt lightly back onto the desk from the stairs, batting first at Sr. Guerrero’s pen, but nudging at Castiel’s stomach for some attention when her owner gently poked her tummy with the pen.
Dean opened his eyes. “I’m thirty.”
“Isn’t ivory… white? Why would it be in black?” Dean searched the rows of paints as he was told however. “Is it gray?”
he just wanted to feel Cas’s skin against his again. He leaned in, feeling how Cas’s breath hitched against his lips.
Dean frowned as he leaned closer over Cas’s shoulder. “Was there anything suspicious about him then?” If Adler knew more about the theater than he let on, he might be a suspect.
He straightened up and squared his shoulders. “So, how do you—uh… want me?”
“He—I— uh, heh. A beer is what he wants.” Dean said, face brightening in a way that made Cas squint harder on suspicion. Pasta container in hand, Dean switched around Cas, hiding the fridge for a second. He emerged having swapped the plastic container for two beers, one of which he offered to Cas. Hands still wet, Cas gestured for Dean to sit the bottle down to the side of the sink. Dean popped his open, took a swig, and set it down next to Cas’s beer. He picked up a dish towel and got to drying. Together, they steadily and silently cleared the table and counter of all the dishes, leaving their little kitchen tidy once again.
Dean’s ass was breathtaking. It was muscled and round in a way that suggested Dean did a lot of heavy lifting, with smooth, pale skin. Dean was doing the world a huge disservice by wearing clothes during the day. With his underwear on the floor next to his pants, Dean turned around slowly, one eyebrow cocked like he was waiting for Castiel to say something. His cock hung proudly between his legs, thick and hard. It was only at about half-mast, but Castiel could tell when Dean was fully hard, his cock was definitely something to write home about. Castiel’s mouth dried up in two seconds flat.
Dean didn’t think he’d ever forget the betrayed look on Castiel’s face, even as he tried to hide it.
Dean shrugged. “I get it. This isn’t something you should sign up for on a whim. Just know that if you think about it and agree to come back, we’ll work something out. You deserve to go to school and be what you wanna be, Cas. You shouldn't let them take that from you.”
“Castiel,” Anna started, putting her hand on his arm soothingly, “it's not that I don’t support you, because, believe me, I get it. You gotta do what you gotta do. But maybe this isn’t what you have to do to really make it. You still deserve to have a life.”
Dean snorted. “I can handle it. This isn’t the first place I’ve cased.”
Castiel jumped as Dean let out a triumphant holler, teeth clenched in a snarl. “You son of a bitch! Charlie doesn’t know anything! No one there does!”
Fuck.
“No, I’m good.” Cas said, reaching for Dean’s hand. He squeezed it once, and Dean hung on like a lifeline, terrified Cas would pull it away, knowing he should. “Thank you for coming back for me.”
“Ten hours.” Dean answered immediately, no sign of shame. “Took about another hour to find you.”
“Then we’re back to square one.”
A kind-looking woman stood at the threshold when he opened the door. She was pleasantly round and had her hair smoothed back by a headband.
Holy fuck.
“Sorry for taking up your time. Are you part of the custodial staff?”
Sam frowned. “What do you mean?”
“Um, no?” Castiel was suddenly aware that he was being led into a trap.
“Sometimes.” Cas murmured, ducking slightly to meet Dean’s eyes, probing his gaze with a slight frown, like he was worried about Dean or something. “Sometimes, his hands grab your face and they’re rougher than a woman’s. They sometimes even hold you down.”
Which, alright. Very fair question. Dean nodded and leaned in again, whining when Cas pulled back again. “Please, Cas.”
Cas took the folder back and flipped through the stack. Dean pointedly ignored the fact that Castiel was still standing close to him, and
“Fine.”
. Dean reached out and flipped through a few stacks, but was disappointed when the earliest date he could find was 1989. He needed to go older.
... hey. I know most of you may have moved on after a five-month hiatus. For the two of you still reading... surprise!
Dean shrugged. “Hard to tell. If this ghost was possessing people, that complicates our timeline a bit. Hopefully he’s gone for good, but I’d still like to make sure. Like to talk to Kevin, too.”
Castiel pushed forward again, cutting him off. Dean seemed as completely enamored with the way their lips came together as he did, not wanting it to end any time soon. “‘Course I will.” Castiel whispered.
The two men walked down Jefferson Avenue, the whole street seemingly in a hurry. Not that it was a strange feeling in Chicago.
“Then come on, let’s do this. Please, baby. If you’re ready, I’m ready.” Dean pleaded with him between kisses. Castiel felt a grin creep across his face.
Castiel settled into the plush chair, still in the same position from the last time he was here in this room. Dean leaned against the edge of his desk, shrugging off his jacket, and folding his henley-covered arms. Here, he looked about ten years older than he usually did.
“Shhhhh... I won’t do it if you don’t want me to…” he said, honestly. Earnestly. His voice dropped down to a whisper. “But I really, really want to blow you. I want to feel you get hard in my mouth and come all over my lips.”
"No. But you do. Come on, I'll behave myself. No laughing. No shifting around. I'll be good." It wasn't exactly Dean he was worried about being good. Cas kept his eyes on his book.
Dean tilted his head, speculative. “Do you want to leave?”
Castiel laid there, wincing only slightly when Dean pulled out, leaving him empty. Dean’s hands quickly stroked down his back, leaving a trail of fire after them. A shuffle of fabric told Castiel that his clothes had been picked up off the floor and deposited near his head on the couch. He couldn't make his knees work enough to lift himself up and grin manically at Dean.
sorry this was not out earlier. School is kicking into high gear, so deadlines are looming about as high as I can see. I hope to be better about updates, but they will probably be aimed more towards Wednesdays now, rather than Sundays.
. The spinning loading circle started up again.
“I mean it. Fuck off.” Cas flapped a hand at him and turned to go stand by the window. The reflection of the light in the window outlined Cas’s dark figure in the glass.
Dean beat him to it, “No, we aren’t reenacting Julia Robert’s best movie, if that’s what you’re asking. Castiel is a fuckin’ great artist, and I’m going to see to it that he’s given the proper respect. That’s obviously not going to come from you and your fuck-all Institute, is it?”
Dean’s broken in to a lot of places. He’s broken out of more, but that’s usually the easier part of his gig anyway. He couldn’t help but think about the last time he’d thought this very thought as he was jimmying the lock on Cas’s door. The lights were off, and given the time, it was pretty dark in the rest of Cas’s neighborhood. The grocery store’s sodium yellow lights were humming faintly, but on a Saturday night, it was close to being deserted in a town this small. Only one of Cas’s upstairs neighbors had lights on, and judging by the volume of the television Dean could hear through the window, the occupant was old enough to not be Dean’s problem right now.
Damn it, Cas. They should have fixed this earlier. Together.
Cas chalked it up as a win, all things considered.
“K-kiss me?” Castiel asked, hesitant. Was this allowed?
Did he want something again? Something totally different than what he had, maybe. But not the same thing again. He couldn’t bear it.
“Ghosts are real,” Novak said, turning away and taking a few steps towards center stage. “Ghosts are real, and my theater is haunted.”
Raising an eyebrow, Dean responded with the same coolness. Clearly nothing had changed since the wee hours of this morning. “Awesome. So, is everything… okay?”
“I can’t have my own eyes staring down at me every day, dude. That’s weird.” Dean would say, rolling his eyes.
On screen, the blonde one—Vivienne-something—turned and cornered a redheaded woman as she stepped off the elevators. The redhead had obviously just come back from getting coffee, evidenced by the cup in her hand and the confused look at the number of people in the hallway.
Cas thought about it in silence for several seconds. Finally, he said, “Are you going to laugh at me for being a lightweight?”
“I want to,” Dean answered quickly, surprising himself even. He knew he wanted Cas’s dick something awful, wanted to feel the heft of it forcing his jaw wide, wanted to wring noises out of Cas until he couldn’t see straight. He just didn’t know how much he was willing to admit that to the man attached to the dick in question.
“No, we’re gonna talk about this right now. Are you okay, Cas?” Dean was angry, though he knew he had no right to be. If Cas was done with him, that was fine. He was just feeling a bit of whiplash between this cold attitude and the bright warmth from all day yesterday… and every other day in the short time he had known Cas.
Dean blinked. “No, I didn’t mean it like that. Of
Pursing his lips, Dean cocked an eyebrow. “Don’t you think that’s being a bit overdra—“
“So you guys are good, then?” Sam asked one night after a movie marathon of the original Star Trek movies. “You seem… different since the last time I saw you.” He said to Dean.
“Probably the Romans. Maybe the Greeks. Definitely not the Germans.” Dean laughed and Cas smiled. Dean offered his left hand next like he was showing off a ring.
“You want me to tell you what I’m thinking? You wanna know if you turn me on? This is how much you turn me on, Dean Winchester,” He punctuated this with a hard thrust, dragging out slowly before thrusting in hard again. Dean moaned, exposing his throat. “Look at me, Dean. I’m gonna fuck you through your fucking mattress if you let me. And then, when I get back from class tomorrow, I’m gonna tie you to your bed and slick you up and ride you until you can’t do anything but babble for how much you want it. You just wait until we get to the nervous system, Dean, because I’m gonna make yours light up like a Christmas tree.” Cas couldn’t stop it now. He was growling in Dean’s ear, panting most of the words. Dean wanted him to talk, now the floodgates were open. Den was torn between grinning maniacally and panting for breath. Suddenly, he arched up underneath Cas, painting up his stomach with his second orgasm. Completely blindsided, Cas followed soon after, burying his face in Dean’s neck again. They both laid there, fighting for breath. Dean pried his wrists loose from underneath Cas’s hands, wrapping them around Cas’s back and rolling them so they were on their sides. He held his wrist up to examine the bruises from Cas’s hands, acting as manacles. Cas slowly rolled over, and worked his long fingers up Dean’s wrist and tracing over the marks.
“Yeah.”
Dean didn’t register much of the road flying under his tires as he headed west. Little towns like Chapman, Hoardville, and more were in front of him as quickly as they appeared in his rearview mirror. He had no idea how fast he was going. He had no idea where he was headed next.
“I’ll be here.” He said, slightly muffled into the covers.
Cas hummed like he hadn’t basically asked Dean to get the fuck out of his apartment. Dean looked up at the ceiling, trying not to let his hurt show on his face. “So, you wanna grab dinner before I go? Old time’s sake?” He tried one last time.
Dean flipped through a few more pages. “At least a dozen in the last ten years or so. Geez, it’s like the Defense Against the Dark Arts position.”
“As long as I’m out of the building by five, then yes.” Cas agreed.
Castiel had to hand it to the guy, he was doing much better already than some dudes he’d met on the street. “Yeah, just from the city. Around Boystown—sorry, Lake View.” Castiel wasn’t from anywhere near there, but he perversely liked the glitter that entered the man’s eye at that.
Castiel snorted, flipping the tablet the right way, "You're just waiting until I leave, so you can marathon it," he teased.
Cas blinked and turned towards Dean, surprised to see him flushed to the tips of his ears. He squinted.
He didn't say anything, but his eyes got a bit of a twinkle in them. The waitress brought their food and left her hand on Mr. Winchester's shoulder while she asked if there was anything else they needed. Castiel replied rather curtly, couldn't she see they were talking? When she left, Mr. Winchester watched her walk away for a moment with a tilted head before turning back to his companion. "Now, Not-James, you wanna tell me why you’re trolling for suckers out here in the middle of the night? Don’t you have school or something?”
“You’re seriously asking me that when I still have your come on my back teeth?”
“No, no I’m fine.” Dean shifted from side to side like he wasn’t sure what he was doing here anymore than Castiel was.
“You’d like that.”
Castiel sighed and came to stand on the other side of the island, giving Dean all the space he could. “I wasn’t planning on it, no.” He leaned his elbows against the counter. “Do you want to be yelled at?”
Hope you enjoy this chapter!
“I just—“
Cas looked down at his gown and sighed ruefully. “It’s not my color, for sure.”
“Means a ghost has been in contact with it, or in the area pretty recently.” Dean didn’t often get the chance to explain the finer points of what he did. “The reader tracks electromagnetic frequencies, and ghosts tend to vibrate right up there on the spectrum.”
Then again, he was starting to see a pattern in the people he chose to fall for—however temporarily.
“Don’t tell me what you think I wanna hear. If you’re not gonna be honest with me, I’m not interested.”
Bela grinned like she hoped he would ask. She opened her bag and rummaged around. “The first is to take care of the people who love you. Fuck the rest of the world to hell, but pay special attention to those who pay good attention to you.”
Bela waved her hand dismissively. “Always a pleasure to check up on Dean Winchester and company. He certainly does keep a low profile out here, doesn’t he?”
Happy first day of June!
“Yes...” Dean was not liking where this was going.
“That is sort of what I wanted to talk to you about, though, Kevin.” Cas started. He glanced at Dean. “I just wanted to get the full account from you of what happened… I know what was on the report, but—I would feel a lot better knowing what you saw.”
"Are we really going to do this right now? You want me to sing the song? 'The hip bone's connected to the leg bone'?"
When the young man got up to leave, Dean could hardly believe his luck when the man’s next move was to approach him next. Was Dean really that much of an easy target?
“Of course, usually, the people I meet doing this job aren’t stupid enough to sleep with me, let alone ask to come with me.” He couldn’t quite keep the disbelief out of his voice.
“I don’t know what else to think. You never do it. Sometimes you say you’re going to, but you never do it. Am I not satisfying to you?”
P.S. - connect with me on tumblr! Search for azo-dye!
Castiel’s breath quickened, which instantly made him feel ridiculous. It was just a text message. No need to get so bent out of shape over something said by the man who paid him for sex.
“Okay, I’ll have a few questions, but standard ones. Like ‘what the fuck were you thinking’. But I’ll still come get you.”
Pistol aimed, Dean held it there for a solid five seconds before lowering it, gruffly. Oswald’s grin widened. “Pity what emotions can do, isn’t it?” Cas suddenly swung at Dean, causing him to shuffle backwards. He didn’t actually expect the spirit to fight with him. Cas lunged at him, tossing him backwards into the front row of chairs. Dean’s vision exploded in stars as his back hit the hard plastic edge. He crumpled to the ground for a second, and got up huffing. In all the times he and Cas had fooled around, Cas hadn’t used that kind of strength to manhandle him.
What didn’t feel right at home was the nosy drama teacher he now had in tow.
The next time Dean spoke, it was in a strange tone. Gone was the lighthearted teasing and slight confusion. Dean was all business now, but his business sounded slick and inviting. “Can I come get you and bring you back to my place?”
“I thought he was just getting away from all the attention. I mean, the media circus, the scholarship. I… I caused a heap of trouble for him. Even before all this.”
Castiel took a swig of beer and glanced back, paintbrush tucked over one ear. “I missed you too. How was your meeting?”
Mr. Winchester laid a heavy hand on his shoulder, causing him to pop his head up. Mr. Winchester still had a concerned look on his face, like Castiel was some spooked horse. “Castiel—Cas, I don’t feel comfortable doing anything to you like this. You look like you might be sick,” he tilted his head. “Have you had anything tonight? Anyone give you anything?”
Castiel stepped back from his canvas. He needed that magenta with the metallic swirl.
“It’s not.” Castiel’s throat hurt with the sadness, “There’s just… there’s someone else, and I didn’t want it to be an issue, because it’s been… months since I’ve heard from him, but…”
“Novak…” Adler started blearily. His eyes were back to the watery green they had been.
... yeah, let's just be real here. I'm on no one's update schedule anymore. That's okay, I have a chapter here and that's all that matters, right? I fear no one.
“How’d you wind up here?” It was a big move from Chicago to the middle of Nebraska.
“He won’t let me poke around during the day. We’ll have to go after dark.” Dean slid into the driver’s seat.
“You didn’t fuck me. You promised.” Castiel couldn't help but feel petulant, even if most of it was for show.
Dean staggered forward, backing him up into the wall next to the door. Castiel felt his breath catch in his throat. “I’m serious, Cas,” Dean continued, reaching up to bracket Castiel’s face with his hands on the wall. “I would pay for school… for anything, forever if it made you want to stay here with me.” The look in his eye made Castiel wary. There was a brightness there, yes. But it was all wrong. Manic. Frightened.
He blinked. “Shit.” He croaked, his voice hollow enough to let Dean know that yes, he had actually been crying out exactly as loud as he dreaded he had been during that whole episode. He frowned when he heard Cas laugh softly.
“And what do you want to do?”
“I gotta go, Cas.” He said slowly, sadly. “I’m not supposed to be here. This right here should prove that.”
Castiel wondered again to himself how often Mr. Winchester brought home “friends.” Maybe Bobby and Missouri treated this situation so… normally, because for them it was. Perhaps Dean did this sort of thing all the time, and it had become a part of their routine.
“—you could have died for god's sake!” Castiel nodded sagely, still just listening to Anna’s tinny voice carry from the phone’s place on the table, “—at least a phone call?” It seemed like she had lost steam for now. Castiel picked up the phone again.
Dean smirked. “You don’t even know what it is yet, baby.”
She sneered. “Everyone knows your car, Winchester. You’re the only billionaire in Chicago who drives something so—“
“I don’t know,” he said honestly. “I don’t know if I can stay here. There’s nothing left for me here. But I don’t know what I'd do instead.”
Letting himself indulge for a few moments, Castiel pulled back. “And hand jobs don’t count?”
Castiel rolled his eyes as Anna’s name took over his entire lock screen. He smiled apologetically at a nearby patron who was staring at Castiel’s table with mild alarm.
Dean rolled his eyes, grabbing up his phone with the full intention to shoot a snarking text back, while definitely keeping his eyes on the road at all times. His thumb paused over the keyboard however, and what he typed ended up less snarky than he wanted.
Grinning, Cas grabbed his hand again. Dean liked the warmth and how his palm felt against his. “Then I have one stipulation for you.”
Castiel smiled sadly. “It’s not much of a life if most of it is spent on my knees, trying to get enough money for new paints, is it?”
Castiel stopped cold, almost dropping his phone, but catching it in time. “No…”
He slipped outside and surveyed the parking lot. The school busses lurked by the entrance to the football field, the night air undisturbed by noise from even the highway. It was far too late for cicadas this time of year, but Dean swore the wind more than made up for it. It was quiet out here in the relative middle of nowhere. No screaming, no glass breaking, not even the sound of traffic.
“No, you won’t.”
“No kidding. Old man ganks himself inside the school building? That’s grounds for at least some news coverage.” Dean took his phone out of his pocket and ran a quick internet search with
Castiel crossed his arms. “I’m not going to just let you poke around the school unattended! How are you going to get in without permission?”
Shimmying out to the middle of the catwalk, Oswald climbed over the railing and balanced precariously on the edge. “Maybe I’ll take over you next, hunter. I’m sure you’d be a very interesting ride around town.” he sneered at Dean. Dean had to grip the side of the catwalk once he was up. The fucking ghost was going to throw Cas off the side of the catwalk. He was going to murder Cas and there was nothing Dean could do to stop him.
“Trust me, I know what a good man he is. I wouldn't be standing here if he wasn’t. But I just—I really fu—messed up, and I need to make it right.” Castiel felt a bit of the overwhelming desperation he felt leak into his tone. Bobby’s face softened, apparently convinced.
Their first “real” outing was such a perfectly normal activity for a couple that it boggled Castiel’s mind a bit. They went for a walk around the city after lunch at a pizza joint.  Sure, they had gone out together to get art supplies for Castiel, anyone could have seen them together. But they didn’t see what was happening now. They didn’t see Dean casually sling an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him in close to plant a kiss against his cheek when Castiel said something so deadpan that Dean couldn’t help but laugh. They didn’t see an amusedly exasperated Castiel tug Dean along the sidewalk by the hand when he got distracted by what was clearly a service dog in training in the window of a bakery. They certainly didn’t see him get pushed into a courtyard behind a church, or watch Dean sink down to his knees, or bear witness to the most public orgasm Castiel had ever had in broad daylight. On a Sunday no less.
Not coming home, at a friend’s.
Thanks for reading! Just a question, but what do YOU think is in the envelope Dean's so worried about?
Dean smiled and nudged him. “Thought maybe you’d want to kick me out after my truly awful premier performance at giving a blowjob last night.” He ribbed, changing the subject.
They chuckled, but the silence returned. Dean started. “You know I’m not actually expecting you to come with me, right? I know we were talking about it, but… you can still back out and stay here, where it’s safe.”
“That’s pretty badass. You even got the light from the window right.” Trevor grinned, looking up. “You really are an artist, aren’t you, Degas?”
When Dean looked up, he was stricken, a haunted expression laying heavy in his eyes. “No. Sammy, he thinks I kicked him out because of the news story.”
Castiel nodded, like having conversations about ghost-hunting equipment was normal. “Where do you buy one of these?”
“Dean—! I’m gonna—oh, you’re gonna make me—“ Castiel cried, gasping for breath. He pulled back from Dean’s mouth to pant against his throat, using the opportunity to bite along the thin skin there, press his lips to Dean’s Adam’s Apple. He felt more than heard when Dean’s groan answered his actions.
“Right.” Castiel looked down.
Sorry.
been acting weird. He’d been cold, he hadn’t looked at Dean for longer than two seconds. Dean drummed his fingers on the leather of the wheel. He’d been working through his own hurt feelings to look past the surface, but maybe…
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but your appearance gives you away a bit. You’re very young to be wielding so much talent.”
When she left, Castiel raised an eyebrow and smirked across the table. “Bela Talbot, huh?”
“It’s unfortunate, yes. We really feel that we have no other choice. I’m terribly sorry, Mr. Novak. Of course, you will be refunded whatever portion of this upcoming semester’s tuition you have already paid—“ The voice on the end of the phone faded into a buzz as Castiel zoned out. He must have ended the call and put the phone down in his lap. The next thing he was aware of was how he jumped when Dean brushed his fingers over his arm, silently asking permission to touch him.
man, Cas knew he had won just by his tone.
Dean’s nose twitched slightly, awoken by Castiel’s attention. Castiel pulled his hand back under the covers. Briefly, he considered pretending to be asleep, but quickly tossed that idea aside. A coward, he was not.
“That wasn’t weird, right?” Dean had the audacity to ask, breathlessly.
“I don’t—I don’t know what I should do.” He said, hearing his own voice shaking.
“Don’t worry, I’ve been tracking him for a while.” Dean answered cooly.
Dean’s face was an ice sculpture. “Cas wouldn’t do that. He’s a good person.”
Dean gripped his shoulders again. “Cas, don’t stress yourself out with what you can’t possibly know. I can already tell you, people will show up. They’ve been lining up at the door for almost an hour now.”
He swung himself across the bed into Dean’s lap. He hovered his face a few inches beyond Dean’s and pitched his voice low and intimate. “Does kissing count?”
“Someone’s gotta have an old yearbook lying around.”
(There is a chapter after this one, fear not)
Striding forward, Dean would slowly advance on Castiel, making him back up into his work bench. “Gonna be hard to remember that when I’m lookin’ at my favorite treasure.” Dean would press forward and capture Castiel’s mouth with his own. Castiel would surrender to his will in almost no time.
“You know, it’s not… bad to want to be with someone, Castiel. Like, again. You can have… something again.” Anna said quietly.
“You’re pretty handy.” At this, Dean looked up again and smirked. Cas blushed immediately to Dean’s private delight. “I mean, you seem pretty smart. You built that… electro—thingy.” Castiel waved his hand vaguely.
“I have to go.”
As soon as she was out of sight, Dean punched Sam hard in the arm. “Why’d you bring that up in front of Ellen? He’s not my boyfriend.”
Bobby’s frown deepened, his weary eyes tracking up and down Castiel’s form. Suddenly, Castiel was made horribly aware that his rumpled clothing and fucked up hair, coupled with the telltale blush in his cheeks made it very apparent what he had been doing not fifteen minutes before. “He stalked past me ‘bout five minutes ago, lookin’ like the world had just come down on him. You boys okay?”
Trevor responded immediately, hands coming to Castiel’s waist. He didn’t press too quickly—ever the respectful gentleman—but made a grunt of approval when Castiel pulled him closer. He opened his mouth under Castiel’s ministrations, tasting faintly of the beer he’d been drinking. After a moment, they broke apart.
“—that’s fine, but if you don’t let me finish the show...” Cas huffed into the phone, betraying his own agitation. The voice on the other end spoke over him.
Dean pushed down both the blush on his cheeks and the butterflies in his stomach at the pleasant thought. “Isn’t this the part where I stutter through asking you to prom or something?”
“Sorry, go back to bed.” Cas’s voice was gruff, and he was facing away from Dean, looking out the window.
Practically a match made in heaven.
like Dean’s Impala. He caught a glimpse of Castiel’s expression in the side mirror though, and immediately derailed that train of thought.
Castiel scrambled out of bed and over to where he had dropped off his pile of clothes last night. His phone sat quietly in his pants pocket, right where he had left it… quietly—because it was dead. Castiel brought the phone back over to the unmade bed and dug in the drawers of the modular side table. This man kept a fully stocked bar in all three of his living rooms, surely he would have thought to stock his guest rooms with the same sense of preparedness?
“Do I have to call you ‘sir’?”
“Last year was different. Two weeks.”
“Good.” The two lapsed into silence again. Cas glanced over at his clock again.
The man sighed, rolling his eyes up to the rafters. “It’s a
Castiel answered with a grin of his own. “Sure.”
Castiel’s gaze darted between the two of them. Anna felt her eyebrows hit her hairline. Winchester wanted to talk to her? Maybe to tell her he was taking Castiel away no matter what she thought. Maybe to threaten her for talking so imprudently to him. Maybe to tell her she’d never work in this town again in some kind of Godfather-esque scene. She curled a lip and tried to remember where she left her butterfly knife.
Castiel whipped around, exhaustion dragging him down the entire way, to watch Dean’s form retreating back up the stairs. He frowned. Things had seemed to be going so well? At least better than they had been? They’d both gotten what they wanted. Dean got to pound Castiel’s ass, and Castiel got Dean’s gorgeous cock inside of him.
Raising an eyebrow and gesturing with one finger, Sam chuckled. “What’s going on? Sleep late or something?”
This was by far the
Castiel glanced down. “Dean and I... do share a comfortable relationship.”
Fuck.
“Come on, walk me down at least?”
Cas looked away from the tantalizing sight of Dean’s hands. “No, he... wanted to cook me dinner.”
“Yeah, can’t trust us with anything.”
“Nonsense,” Cas waved his hand. “The rest of us just have to pick up the slack. It’s no fault of yours, and I certainly don’t want you to feel bad about it.”
But the guy never came. Was he waiting in there? Standing guard? Dean frowned and checked his watch. It was nearing eleven, surely this guy had to get home. He waited a few more minutes before his conscience got the better of him.
“Sounds like a crush more than a mark.” Castiel could hear the smile in her voice. Even when she was pissed, she could hassle him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean glanced at the label for the almond butter, before shrugging and slathering his toast with a healthy amount. He hadn’t tried it before, but he knew Sam looked for it when they went grocery shopping sometimes. Something about it being better for you or some shit. Dean bit into his toast and considered. It wasn’t bad.
Dean had instructed Castiel to keep a lookout at the fire escape entrance. Better for him to have a head start should they have to leave in a hurry. Dean didn’t want to feel guilty about getting Cas arrested for trespassing on top of everything else. He pulled a flashlight out and swept through the remaining rooms. He wasn’t exactly sure what he was looking for—probably on the lookout for cold spots or weird smells more than anything—but he gave each room a cursory once over.
“Touch me, Dean.” Castiel ground out.
The town hospital was cheery enough in the daylight. Someone had tried to create a garden out of the vast amount of lawn outside the welcome area, but without regular care, the hydrangeas and hostas were sprawling all over, their out-of-season limbs dried and crunchy under their feet.
“Dean, you broke his heart. It might have been just a job for you, and maybe it started out that way for him, but…”
They had their reservation—Winchester for two—and were shown a table near the back. Photographers were everywhere, snapping pictures of the guests, the staff, the food, anything they could bring back to their editors to prove they’d been to the hottest opening in town. The maitre’d looked haggard by seven pm. Their server was friendly, though clearly ready for a break that wouldn't come anytime soon. The food was excellent. Castiel didn’t think twice when Dean leaned across the table and planted a kiss on his lips before taking another bite.
The November air seemed much chillier at midnight, Dean thought as he shivered under his jacket. He had hoped the digging would warm him up, but so far he was just as cold as he was before, but now with blisters on his hands and dirt under his nails.
Castiel couldn’t get the thought out of his mind, like a fly buzzing around smacking into the sides of his brain.
Kevin seemed relieved at that. “Sorry you had to recast my part, though. That was kinda shi—not great of me.”
Blinking a few times, Dean focused on Castiel, mouth curling upwards. “Guess we needed that, huh?” He sounded groggy, and a bit on the verge of a yawn.
Castiel grinned. “Anna, if you’re going to be difficult, I won’t let you help.”
Cas frowned and nudged his foot solidly. “Why s’this a bad idea?” His brows were furrowed like he was puzzling Dean out.
Dean’s hand stopped Castiel’s movement right before his lips could make contact with Dean’s cock. Castiel heard himself whine, and looked up at Dean with what he hoped was a pleading expression. He couldn’t take much more of this waiting; he wanted Dean’s cock now.
Dean tried. He really did. He stared hard at Castiel, eyes running over his lips and eyes, down to the open collar of his throat between the buttons Dean can remember undoing with his teeth not 24 hours ago, “Can’t.” he said, pursing his lips grumpily.
“Boyfriend staying in tonight?” He couldn't help himself.
Castiel squinted at it, adjusting his glasses. “I don’t know what—
“Well, time to go educate the masses?”
Castiel generally tried to keep all thoughts of his mother away while he was “on the job”, so to speak. He didn’t like to think of what she would think of her only son, a farm kid from Illinois, taking money from strangers to pay rent in exchange for a half hour of his time and an orgasm. He wondered if she would call him a whore. He’d been called that plenty of times, mostly when the guy wanted to take him home and he refused.
“Good looking guy. Great hair.”
Dean growled and brought Castiel’s mouth crashing to his. His tongue immediately sought entrance in Castiel’s mouth, and Castiel opened eagerly for him. Castiel’s meager experience with kissing had never involved this much heat. There was the heat from Dean’s palm on the back of his head, holding Castiel to him while he ravaged his mouth desperately. The heat from his other hand, tipping his chin up how he wanted it and splaying across his throat. The overwhelming heat of Dean’s mouth against his. And of course, the heat spiraling up from where he and Dean were touching, all the way up to the top of his head.
“Like a dom. And I’m your sub.”
She paused again. “Did he forgive you?”
“… you’d never make it as a sex worker.” Anna shoved him playfully. They laughed at the johns’ obvious ego problems, combined with their sometimes desperate come-ons. Anna helped Castiel make plans with menage-a-douze35 to meet at a bar on the South Side later that night.
Dean drew attention back to his original goal. “This really is an old hotel, though? Gotta be some history here, right?”
Nodding, Dean swallowed hard. “I haven’t done it or anything,” he said quickly, not wanting to get Cas’s hopes up if he was truly awful at it. Who knew? What if he threw up or did something equally and horrifyingly embarrassing? “You have to—tell me what to do.” He cleared his throat when his voice cracked. He settled his gaze at Cas’s knee, still covered with his work slacks, though the zipper was splayed open. He focused on the strong joint there, where he knew Cas was packing some strength in his legs, had felt them wrapped around his hips. He knew this must not look sexy or anything, the way he was on his knees, nervous about giving a blow job. He’d gotten dozens of them over the years, he didn’t mind bragging. Surely, if some random short dark-haired, light-eyed waitress in the middle of rural Ohio could make him come so hard he blacked out momentarily, he could give this his best shot.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “What now?”
“It doesn’t make a difference,” Dean responded listlessly, “I messed up, I have to live with that.”
“Cas, you don’t have to—“
“Yet you seem so comfortable out here in his space.” Bela eyed him with a knowing look. “Either you’ve made yourself indispensable enough to keep him company, or this sort of life is already familiar.”
No fuckin’ way he was this lucky.
Castiel looked around, maybe expecting something to feel different now that he was now a contracted whore for one of the richest men in the city. Mostly, he just felt warm. The house was a comfortable temperature, but the dark paneled wood and the yellow lighting was making him feel a few degrees higher than normal.
There was one shelf with the local paper, but it seemed like that paper had only been started rather recently. The main source of news came out of Lincoln, from the
Dean chuckled. “Fixable, huh?” He lounged back, settling into his elbows. He huffed a sigh at the ceiling. “That’s hard work, you made it look easy.”
After what felt like hours—he didn’t know without his watch—a different nurse appeared in the doorway. Dean stood, nearly taking the coffee table with him. The nurse visibly stifled a laugh, and cleared her throat.
with those hips of his. Dean couldn’t move, his arms were up by his shoulders, being pressed into the fabric upholstery by the other man’s strong hands. His legs were spread wide to accommodate the welcome weight in his lap. He pressed up into the friction, groaning into the next kiss. This was just as good as he remembered last night. Maybe better, now that he had some idea of what to expect. He really wanted to get his fingers into that wild, dark hair, but Cas didn’t look like he was up for giving him any independent mobility any time soon. Dean finally pulled back to gasp out for air. Cas nipped at his neck, before pulling away as well.
He blinked open one eye, grimacing slightly at the way the late afternoon light was slanting in the window. He really had to do something about the windows in this place. The solid warmth behind him snuffled, ruffling the back of his hair, and tickling him in the process. A grin spread across his face.
Castiel finished his sketch and recapped the pen, admiring his work, allowing Anna her arm back. “Well, it doesn’t change the fact that you’re a stripper, and I suck dick for money, and together we’re just trying to get through art school. Alright, go ahead, guess the artist.”
“It wasn’t a trainwreck. I didn’t think I did half-bad.” The contract was, in fact, a bit of a trainwreck.
“Jesus Christ, really? They’re going to be disappointed then, I mean—my work is alright, but I’m not even enrolled at the Institute anymore. I’m a nobody—“
“Seems awfully convenient to have all these accounts of ghost activity then, don’t it?” Dean sneered, liking this guy less by the second. He flipped on the reader and let it scan. Dean frowned at the reading. It was definitely picking up
A perky blonde reporter was standing in front of Winchester Holdings LLC. Castiel couldn't hear what she was saying, as he was distracted by the headline at the bottom of the screen.
Cas looked back. “You think the theater is haunted because we kept a pocket watch too long?”
Castiel glanced around the empty park briefly, before taking a seat on the bench. A wad of gum was stuck unattractively to the seat next to him. He pulled out his phone and tapped through to his Arrangement Seekers app. A little flag told Castiel he had five new messages, two of which were requests to see photos without even a conversation starter.
“She’s pretty.” He settled on. Going for the first option then. Fuck.
Dean was in front of him, giving him plenty of space, but with a hand stretched out if he needed to intervene. His expression looked pinched.
Except this time, Castiel actually was taking a dick.
As he focused more on describing, he found he was able to string more words of a sentence together. He wasn’t sure for how long he was talking—he couldn’t put together enough focus for time—but Anna kept listening and asking questions when he slowed down.
The server came by again, asking if they wanted to see a dessert menu. When Dean replied that they would, the server blinked at Dean, as if she were seeing him for the first time. “Hey, you’re Dean Winchester! You dated Bela Talbot from the fashion house!”
He’d been there for three years already, though. Most of the people in his program when he’d started had graduated already, able to pay for the intensive schedule the Institute required.
Castiel nodded and had to take a few moments and breathe, his palms were so sweaty. Dean chuckled at him, his expression widening into a filthy smirk. Castiel cleared his throat. “Take off your pants.”
, Dean thinks as he watches Cas drift off. He settled down more comfortably in his chair—which was not too comfortable, if he was being honest—and let himself keep touching Cas as he fell asleep as well.
Trevor licked sauce off his thumb. “I’m actually from further down south, almost by the Oklahoma border. Even smaller town than this.”
Anna would have smiled at the way Winchester seemed to cower at her words if she weren’t so blazingly angry. One of the richest men in the entire city of Chicago, and he was afraid of angry women.
Castiel crossed his arms. “Yeah, well I think Principal Adler had other things on his mind this morning than strange employees he doesn’t remember hiring. Did you hear? The ceiling started falling down last night in the theater?” His face pulled into mock-seriousness and concern.
“Better than giving out blowjobs for fifty bucks on the street corner, huh?” The easy ribbing was a mark at how far they had come. Castiel wasn’t as ashamed of his past anymore. He knew who he was, and what he was good at. He was good at loving others, being loved in return, and creating art out of love. He felt good.
“Hope to see you ‘round the town soon, Clarkson. Ghosts or not, this is a mighty fine community, and it’ll treat you well if you let it.” Ron Kaiser let them go with a final wave as they walked back down the steps.
“So, was that okay? Did I live up to the—oof!” Castiel was suddenly pulled in close to Dean’s side, the both of them still extremely sweaty.
Cas nodded, a frown on his face. “Then I would like to apologize.”
script. All the kids—cast and crew—had signed it, and written a short message of farewell. Dean thought it was sorta cute. He looked up to see Cas's reaction, and smiled softly to see the faint tears gathering in the corners of Cas's eyes. He really was a good teacher at heart. No matter what Cas thought of himself.
“And we’ll be together? For real? No contract?”
Castiel watched the punch-drunk look clear out of Dean’s eyes, and it was replaced by a hard look that had Castiel’s abdomen tightening up and his cock jerk.
read the small letter board off to the side.
“What do you want me to be into?” Castiel watched the man’s tongue flick out to wet his lips, without feeling any real heat behind the action. Since his experience with Dean, he was beginning to notice exactly where actual attraction fit into his job… and the many places it did not.
at him. All traces of his previous alcohol buzz gone, he sat up to wrestle his jacket and shirts off. Cas’s hands landed on his thighs, stroking up and down in a way that Dean supposed was to soothe him, but just revved him up more. He couldn’t wait to get those hands on his bare skin.
“Do you think it’s love?” He asks, only half-kidding.
“Dean mentioned you might need some things washed since you left your things at your place and won’t get a chance to get them until later.”
“Nice place you got,” Trevor said, slinging his jacket over one of the mismatched dining room chairs Castiel and Anna had hijacked from the dump and refinished so they looked good as new.
