The penthouse in New York is gleaming.  Aunt Peggy sits at the table in a loose blouse and slacks.  There’s more grey in her hair than brown, and the crows feet around her eyes are deep.  He looks early twenties.  “What brings you to town?” he asks, pouring them both a two fingers of whiskey.
“Did you ever think your suit of armor would be your coffin?” Thanos asks, idly, tightening his fist.  Tony groans, but chokes out a laugh.
Barnes and Steve work as they always have, playing off each other’s weak points, reckless with their own health but not with the other’s.  Tony’s absently sent a few missiles their way to cover them when necessary.
She winks and adds, “People are filled with emotions and feelings.  They charge every interaction you have. But if you and I try, we can push past all of that and truly connect.”
For once, Tony holds his tongue. Watches this moment before him with a white knuckled grip on his glass, ice cube rattling against the sides.  He knows this is one of those moonlight moments that will shatter the moment he says something. So instead he bites his tongue so hard it could bleed.
I believe I have time before.  I will detour to New York first and come by the Avengers Compound to discuss this.  If you would not mind, we could travel to Austria together.
“Uh,” Tony looks at Fury and Coulson’s resolute faces.  “A time traveling Tony Stark from like 30 years in the future?”
"Are you helping other vigilantes who have not signed the Accords like Spiderman? Maybe Captain America?"
He adds an additional note beneath that to check on the security protocols for the chip and see what, if any, attempted hacks have been made today. Leaning back, he sets the design to spin as he looks at it, checking for immediate failures. He notes a few points to test, knows Rhodey is quietly watching him, Vision is still drifting in near vicinity, but idle in his perusing of the situation.
Tony snorts as FRIDAY pulls the data up and sketches it into a line graph to show pain levels, movement speed, and exoskeleton adjustments made prior and post movement. She quietly adds historical data in another tab. "Thanks for that sweet pea. I'm good." He circles the top 3 pain spikes, and FRIDAY displays the video clips for each for him in a half screen.
“Boss,” Friday says faintly, and Tony shrugs her off.  Know what she is going to say, what she is programmed to say.  Fall back or some other nonsense. But he can’t. Not now.
"Have you made a friend?" Jarvis asks, hopeful. Older Tony, current Tony, feels his chest tighten at the expression. Jarvis had always has such a hopeful optimism when it came to Tony's future and what he would become one day. He wonders if Jarvis still has one, watching from up there.
”Almost took us too long,” she says over the clammer of the battle.  “But we finally got the last two back from Coulson’s team today.” Her eyes flick up to the big plane coming in.
Pepper waves and leaves the lab, painting in hand and nothing else, and for a moment Steve wonders why the visit before looking back at the painting.
Bruce glances over his shoulder at Tony, who shrugs.  “You always think I am joking when I call you the light of my life.”  Bruce grimaces at the familiar phrase.
A hand grazes his shoulder, and Tony looks up. The light in the room has adjusted. Must have been an hour or so. "The rest went to take a look around the training room. You almost ready?" Cap queries.
Clint goes forward, harassing Thor who is intently watching something on the TV, but Steve stays there watching, quietly and keeps thinking he doesn’t, he isn’t, no. Until the buzz fades back into the back of his mind, and he can swallow again.
“The rest of the Time Stone has disintegrated,” Thanos replies, head bowed.  “Dear Death, beloved, I cannot finish a quest that you started in ill faith.”
Steve steps forward, puts his hand on Tony’s and says, “Jarvis mourned you hard.  May woke up eventually and she provided him a shoulder, and he took it. She married him, proposed too.  He took the kids under his care. Make sure they had a bed, a place to live, a warm meal every day. He died at nearly 100, surrounded by all of us.  It was easy.”
Clint shrugs and steps up back to her side. “They could charge him as one. There are enough people he’s pissed off. And if they need to bribe a few people,” Clint grins. “That’s what PACs are for right?”
He can’t look at Steve, not with all this swirling around in him. Tony knows this part of himself too well. The vindictive angry side that is dark and broken and what led him to burn his captors alive in Afghanistan. He can’t. Not Steve. He
(Vision had drifted into the living room while Tony and Rhodey had ate breakfast. He had perched on one of the chairs and watched them for a moment. Clad in slacks, a button down and a vest, he cuts an impressive figure. But Tony sees someone else in his posture, his mannerism, and turns his back to those with a wild grin.
He stares up at the ceiling and wonders how much longer he has to be down here. Pretending before he heads down and works on Mark 17, the new tablet specs that R&D sent up that are clearly shit based on the prototype he was using, and there is some paperwork Pepper had expedited over, a team of lawyers he has a conference all with in a few hours to check on the Accords strategy, and maybe some tinkering on a few ideas Peter has sent him an email about.
She had spent much of her time curled around him or sitting with Peggy, whispering lowly, flipping through notebooks.  With Howard, quiet arguments growing louder as he aged, until they separated rooms and lives, before coming back together.  With Daniel and Jarvis and Ana, tears in her eyes sometimes, muttering about how it all ended.  How she wished she could go back for a redo.
Steve reaches his arm around Tony’s shoulder as they both stare out at the half finished Avengers complex.  The giant A is on the front.
Thank you. I mean you didn't have to and don't think I'm not grateful because this is insane. I never thought I could get an internship with SI, especially while I was in high school. Definitely when I was 15.
Tony meets Bruce’s eyes, and very firmly nods.  “Yes. Yes I am. You even have the grey hairs to prove it.”
“He told me,” Steve adds, after a moment.  “He told me if you ever came back to tell you he loved you.  And to make sure you were taken care of.” He pauses, and Tony feels his shoulders begin to shake.  “I don’t like breaking promises Tony, so I’m glad you woke up.”
He thinks about calling Tony about Bucky. Asking for help, but it feels wrong. Like this is a favor he doesn't have the right to ask.
Shuri bites back, “What makes you think I haven’t already gone on my first date?”  She then grins, “And I’m more worried about Okoye than any of you colonizers.”
He only thinks about all of it when Steve talks about Bucky, about his fears of who his friend will never be again, about who he used to be, about what he means to Steve in the dark. They are secrets whispered into his skin, marked into the hollow behind his ear. They are the moments in between, the moments after. The ones Tony clutches close to his breast in the moments like this.
“Yeah,” Tony said, exhausted to his bones.  He leans heavily on a counter, opposite side of the room.  The bags under his eyes hurt.  He looks away from Bruce.  “I murdered 2,375 people in Sokovia. 37% were under the age of 12.  They didn’t even get to torture their parents with their terrible teenage years.”.
“You know I like Sue and the kids and would help you.  But you need the rest of them working with you,” Tony tilts his chin to the rest of the superheroes around the room.  “And me here? Isn’t helping that. They can forgive you if they think it’s my fault. They can’t forgive me. I’m distracting them from getting stuff done.”
“She was working on refining her control with multiple items,” Vision says when the anchor begins speaking again.  “Before she left the compound.”
Tony remembers the long nights huddled next to Uncle Daniel while Howard went off to work and Aunt Peggy and Mom went on some adventure.  Remembered the way he had always tucked Tony in, making sure the blankets in tight, like a hug. Remembered how a promise always came true with Daniel, unlike others.
"Born ready," Clint yells as he grapples around on the simulated building until he has a perch. Then a robot flies by his position and lets loose a wave of fire from it's mouth. "Really Stark? A flamethrower?"
(Tony’s older now, had enough therapy, read enough to know that maybe his dad didn’t know how to be a father.  He remembers the brightest around his father's eyes and knows the books at the SI tells a story of up and down finances, and he has to wonder how he didn't know how much the company struggled when he was young.  One bad design after another.  A few bad investments.  A scandal or two.
There is chatter as the interns point and stare.  Tony lightly pulls the tablet from Pepper’s grip and open her email.  He taps out a draft before handing it back to her. She scans it quickly before sending the notes to the ARC reactor unit team.
“Ugh,” Tony groans.  He breaks the web slinger apart until the parts are scattered in front of him.  His fingers dance over the different pieces.  “That department has been useless from day one.  I need to dissolve it and just throw those guys in mobile software.  They are not hardware geeks.”
A tall, dark skinned beauty stands briefly, "Yes, actually. What do you have to say about the rumors that you brought in more vigilantes who have not signed the Accords to Germany?"
Natasha and Clint work in tandem, and Peter had fallen in with them, swinging in and out off speeders before taking them down and tossing them into a larger incoming force.  Natasha’s taken care of a couple close calls with the younger of the three, but he’s gaining confidence and has saved Clint a few times.
Tony’s missed him so much it feels like his chest is going to cave in with the sudden reminder of how much the last little bit has hurt.  How much he knew he was breaking Steve’s heart, once he could see clearly.
"How do you maintain a friendship?" he asks. "Is there daily maintenance and certain standards to make sure everything is working as it should."
because he can be late.  He is always late.  He can take the suit and call Pepper and make it across town, and it won't be a problem.
He looks up and sees Steve watching him, hand steadily continuing on with his sketch with only a portion of his attention.  “Anything I would be interested in?” He asks, tilting his head to the pad when he receives a blank look.
"Stop talking," Tony bites at him, meeting his eyes for the first time since Steve went down.  "The medics are going to be here in a second."
She tunes out the others as she tries to find the missing pieces in this map. Clint settles besides her, watching her work. She knows there is a group growing, watching as she strings together different events, ordering them. She runs a search on Tony Stark and slowly begins mapping his tabloid articles in the timeline as well, placing similar locations in same sections, before moving on. Natasha then goes to scientific research, white papers, and pulls up as many as she can on the Chitauri invasion and impacts to the government, culture, war and propaganda. The Ultron incident. She circles back to recent department secretaries and pulls up profiles on each, taking special care to look at the Department of Labor’s secretary, highlighting some of his opinions on Stark Industries before spiderwebbing his circle of influence and then following the path of a senator on the Homeland defense committee.
They, Tony decides and won't listen to any arguments, decide that Tony will go back. Steve forces the point that Tony needs back up and gets allowed to go as well.
Now, now after all the pieces have come together Tony gets why they never talked about Michael’s rescue, and why he had never shown up.  Just Sharon who lived more with her aunt than her father.
Tony huffs a laugh, and reaches forward, splaying his hand across Steve’s chest, “What a pair we make.”
Tony pulls them to the side of the hallway and looks Steve in the eyes.  He’s got the look where he is going to fix this. Tony smiles softly, “Okay Steve.”
Natasha understands, she always understands. "When I first came to SHIELD, he told me something," she says. She leans close and smiles, her soft sort of real smile, tiny and fond. "You gotta love yourself if you are gonna survive this game."
“Already on it boss.  The council does not want the Avengers to engage in this conflict,” she states.
Dipping his head, Steve picks his analysis back up, “Unless you’re the Hulk and angry and inside the creature.  But we didn’t have as many heavy hitter back then. Or were as well organized.” He watches as the view zooms out and looks at the army hammering itself at the northern wall.  “But then again, I don’t know if we were dealing with these sheer numbers, even with SHIELD’s - ”
Steve is careful, still, after a year.  He makes sure his words are clear, constant.  Something Tony knows Sam hands him books on.  “No more assumptions,” Steve repeats.
A hand cradles his cheek. “I like you to Tony Stark, even if you are impossible to understand sometimes.”
But Tony keeps forgetting his first instinct, the one that has him reaching for the scotch, the one that can sketch a fully functional design for a new gun when he lets his thoughts wander, usually isn't the right one.
Tony is helpless to do anything but smile at him for a moment before a floating tray nearly bumps into him.  Tony down the rest of the glass before putting it down, even though all it does is wet his suddenly dry mouth.  Steve looks over his way and catches his eye.
Tony blinks and tries to focus on the field and everyone, and not the churning power under his skin that he can feel is drying up.
“Fry, looks like we need to put out a statement.  Transcribe what I say and send it to legal for their blessing.”
“Wake up, old man,” he calls, pushing the door open a little more so the light helps Steve wake up.  “I know it’s late.”
Widow appears under Falcon’s arm.  He’s bleeding from his temple, but he’s waving off Cap.  His goggles are firmly on, but Tony knows that face.  He’s annoyed and pissed he gotten taken by surprise like he was.
Natasha checks in on him, often. She's manipulating government aid, on the phone with Pepper, trying to make sure the right things go to the right places. That displaced children are taken care of, that the world keeps turning, even in the middle.
“Tell me something I would only know,” she throws back as she crosses her arms, gun still held tightly in grip.
“But,” it says, with that secret smile that feels alien to see on his face.  “I’m more adaptable. And I’m only half a stone. Half a stone is a limited thing.  Only so much power before I disappear into nothing.”
He blasts the Skrull who ducks behind it’s shield.  It crumples a little bit - not vibranium, Tony thinks with a dark grin.  At least they hadn’t gotten that detail right. “Tony!” the fake Cap calls out.  “Tony it’s me!”
He hasn’t felt this at ease with another superhero so quickly before.  It’s something new.  An easiness that Tony is grateful for.  He’s getting tired of fighting for every single moment of peace in his life.
She hums and Tony closes his eyes as he tries his best to meld into the chair. "Tones?" Rhodey sounds a little high on pain medication.
They had (Tony had and Bruce had trailed behind, poking holes in Tony’s theories) come up from the lab searching for Rhodey to beg (Tony, not Bruce) for snacks.  Vision has informed them “Colonel Rhodes is meeting with the brass to see about the future of his career with them” and that he could handle snacks.
“The initial injury or the actual new and improved arm?” Tony quieres, and Steve nods, so Tony adds, “The former was because of the Vienna fight.  Didn’t put enough stabilizers in the watch repulsor.  Fixed that next round, but it was too late.  And the latter happened about a year ago?  Maybe.  Shuri likes to heal people, fix problems.”  Tony grins, quicksilver sincerity, “She decided I was worth a go.”
She takes a step closer to him, and Michael pulls her back, arm firm against her protests.  “Tony,” she yells. “Tony what is going on?”
It still lays there, heavy in the air between them.  Like Steve is small again, and the weather is too warm, too humid and his heart is beating too hard to try and pump blood.
Tony carefully doesn’t say anything that would say too much about his childhood.  “So it’s 1974 then?” The pulling begins to hurt a little, reminding him he only has so much time before he has to move on.
"I can't keep doing this," Pepper says quietly, fiercely.  She refuses to meet his eyes.  "Not if you are going to keep chasing death."
She settled as the room filled, and watched as Tony entertained. His low mood forgotten by all except her. Once they settled in, popcorn bowls passed around and movie beginning, she caught his eye and smiled. He returned it back.
Tony glances over at Rhodey, and their eyes meet. Rhodey quirks his lips. Tony leans his head on Rhodey's shoulder for a beat, then two, then three before pulling away. "Such an asshole."
That’s when four more beings beam down to the planet from the ship above.  One that looks like it always does chest day and is twice as tall as the rest, a chain resting in its hand.  Besides it, there is a thin no-nosed man, steepling it’s fingers against each other as it surveys them all, followed by a hunched hooded figure and a feminine looking alien with darker blue hair and skin above her lips and lighter blue below with a trident in hand.
Some times he looks up and catches Tony looking at him, with an expression across his face that feels familiar.  Like something he sees in the mirror sometimes.
" agent is using to pick him up.  He nods, quietly, and Tony just grins, even though Steve can't see it.
Spreading his hands across the smooth glass of the table, T’Challa meets his eyes when he says, “I wanted to know what you were presenting to the UN about the accords in a few days.”
And Steve keeps moving, keeps build until he stills for a second and just sucks. Sucks like he would on a lollipop, takes him all in and sucks and suck and sucks until Tony cannot hold on, cannot stop. He comes, and Steve still sucks, taking in the cum through the cotton, drinking it in until Tony is boneless and slumped in the bed, barely able to keep his eyes open.
"Tony asked FRIDAY to 'lock it down'.  I could shift through the system and find the footage from the suit that FRIDAY has hidden.  I could pull up the records of the phone call between James Rhodes and Tony in the aftermath.  I could even find the footage from the facility itself.  It would be no feat to pull the information of Zemo's interrogation from the  S.W.O.R.D. server, but Tony would not have asked FRIDAY to do that if he wanted any one to find it," Vision responded as he shifted to meet Bruce's graze.  "I am following his wishes."
Tony inspects it, reading that it’s a Robot Creation Kit with AI capabilities.  It’s a punch to the gut, because the ages on it says 5-7. He has to take in a deep breath before he looks up and takes it. “Thank you Steve.”
Tony puts an arm around him.  “Oh yeah kid.  I’ve got about a million more from where that comes from.”
Tony has a million questions.  How being the foremost and his hands itch to get on the tech.  Figure it out. He misses his lab, tries not to think too hard about the fact he is 300 years in the future and he doesn’t have a lab any more
There is a quiet beep, FRIDAY taking note and already tracking down some leads. "What else Tony? I can hear your moans from here."
After Ultron, after JARVIS, Steve sits with Tony in the lab. He’s quiet, unobtrusive, and reads into the silence and Tony’s mutterings. A half conversation that used to be finished by JARVIS that just hangs now, like the grief and self loathing Tony wears as a coat. Steve doesn’t know what to do or say, so he just sits, coexists in the same space. Tony lets him, and over the weeks, he slowly begins to talk out loud, discussing something with Steve.
So he had taken his legos and replicated the design one day.  He had slowly narrowed it, using smaller and smaller blocks until he had taken the size down from his arm to his fist.
"He's banged up, but he's breathing. Probably just whiplash from apparently merging with his future self," Buck huffs.
They meet there, across the room in those early hours more than Steve can count. Tony sipping his coffee while Steve carefully sketches things he can only see in his head.
It jerks and speeds up, like it’s trying to throw him off.  Instead, Tony grins and rolls his shoulders again, this time mini repulsor pods flare out from his back armor and hum to life, staying in place as he gets closer to her.  Right before the staff lands in her hand, Tony lets go, momentum carrying him forward so he punches her, sending her flying and then climbs upwards as the pods lets out concentrated streams of blasts until she disintegrates under them.
They get into an argument in the middle of a strategy session.  It’s loud and angry, and Tony finally throws out a jagged, “At least you’re honest with how much you hate me now.  It’s nice to see that out in the open.”  Bucky has to hold him back from reaching out to Tony.  Rhodey stands in the middle, firm when he utters, “We should take a break.”
Tony curses lowly, feeling the yanking begin and finishing writing out.  “God I do not miss chalk. Do you not have whiteboards yet old man? If not, why haven’t you created them yet?  You can build a bomb but a little post it and some markers are beyond your genius, because of course you can’t think past what will make you a buck.  Ugh, it’s a family company. You better care about our legacy as a family and what it means to protect others blah bah.”
Thor looks abashed, a rare face for him.  "It's considered a mark of a warrior in Asgard.  Something we celebrate, holding off Hel for another day.  My apologies for bringing it up."
Watch your feet.  You have a tendency to forget about the ground when you are in the air and leave your legs wide open to an attack.
“Not on purpose,” Steve assures, thumb moving on his cheek. Tony continues to avoid catching his eyes. “Tony?”
He gets another beer and chugs it. Vision fills the silence with a faint, "I remind you of your mistakes? Ultron? The Accords?"
Jan sniffles behind him, and Tony lets the paper fall from his suddenly nerveless fingers as he looks down the metal box hovering in front of him.  This is Steve’s new home, forever and until the end of time. Tony had built it for him, but wishes this isn’t the last home he had built Steve. Hadn’t left this as the last room he had made for his friend.
Instead of admonishing him for the in attention to the lesson, she merely taps his nose.  “What would you do if you could be a time traveler?”
He only has the vaguest grasp of what a computer is.  It takes in inputs and returns answers.  Like he had typed 1+1 and it had returned 2.  He had typed the beginning to his favorite book one letter at a time, and the computer had displayed it on the screen.  His father had allowed him to play with the the Datapoint before he had systematically taken the computer apart. The circuit board, in 1973, had been longer than his arm.  He remembers staring at it and seeing the simple lines that connected the processor together, all spaced out in wide copper bands.  It had to be easy to make it smaller.
Tony would listen to her tell stories of how much he has been wanted and believe her until Dad came back and ignored him.
Steve finally pulls back and stares at Tony for a long moment. He has a little bit of something at the corner of his mouth and Tony reaches up and swipes at it. Steve wraps a hand around Tony’s wrist and holds him there. They stare for a while, just breathing, and Tony finally says, "I should return the favor."
“Hello Vision,” T’Challa says.  The being looks up from his artful arrangement of strawberry slices and returns the greeting.
Tony glances at a countdown beside the equation and then looks for some chalk.  It’s the night before Steve gets transformed into Captain America.
Vision watches him, and sometimes Tony can see the code behind his eyes. The way Vision is running through if/else statements, trying to find the correct action based on the parameters given to him. The databases he is scouring. The code that Tony originally built, high off sleep deprivation and other things.
The suit still lays in pieces across the table.  He’s got his glasses on for the finer work, half eye safety, half using the program he has installed to help zoom in and do the finer work on the watch gauntlet.  There is a hologram of the suit lazily rotating across from him, different pieces of the suit, shifting and adapting as FRIDAY runs various stress tests on the MARK 48.
They stumble across each other a lot, their own routines intersecting until they settle into this thing where Tony will stroll into the kitchen for dinner on the days Steve isn't on a mission.  Steve will cook for them both, and they will chat about their days, new ideas Tony has had, just little things.
Reed stretches a hand across the aircraft and directs him to the station he’s working at.  It’s barely ten steps away, and Tony sees the majority of the plane watch him as he leans in.  “Tony, we need you here, working on solving the problem here.”
Widow flips around a robot weaving around trying to find a weakness. It moves with her, slower but still fingers trailing after her every shift. Cap tosses his shield which the robot bats away easily. It gives Widow the time she needs to find a gap in the armor at the neck and start tearing out cords.
Jarvis pulls Ana close, like he’s holding her up, and her eyes begin to well up.  “Oh,” she says quietly. “Oh, I’m so happy.”
The humming in the back of Tony’s mind turns to a screaming.  He stumbles at the latest yank, suddenly weak, like the power has been zapped from him.  No one moves to help him. They are frozen as Death makes it’s way to Thanos, grinning ear to ear, eyes too large and teeth too white.
Steve jumps, and Tony feels faintly guilty for startling the other man.  “Sorry,” Tony says.  “Didn’t mean to…” He waves at Steve to finish the sentence.
“Tony?” Rhodey voices, close to his ear.  They’ve known each other for decades, and Tony knows he’s being asked a myriad of questions here, something like,
“When I came home,” Tony repeats, and it hangs between them.  JARVIS carefully does not respond, and for an AI with the tendency to ask Tony multiple times a day to clarify or explain something, it’s telling.
Everyone asks Tony when he is joining them.  He demurs until Steve puts an end to it with a firm look and, “Tony is adjusting now.  He’ll let me know when and if he wants to. I’ll let you know if it ever happens.”
Tony looks at him sometimes when he comes to visit the Compound, gaze heavy, like he is waiting for something. Steve just asks a question. About SI, about Pepper, about something to get Tony started on another conversation until that heaviness goes away.
Rihan’s mouth drops.  “Oh, thank you Mr. Stark,” she stammers.  “I know a few people who would love to try out the prototype.”  Tony knows she does.
"I can find other accommodations if necessary Mr. Stark," Vision says in JARVIS' old voice, a perfect replica of Jarvis' posture when he was deferring to Howard.
There is a lot more they need to say, discussion they need to have.  Apologies Tony needs to impart. He’s better now, got his footing. Not looking to hurt others, not looking to take anyone else down.
Natasha doesn’t say thank you, not again.  Not with this distance between them and this fight coming, but her eyes say it all the same.  Tony shrugs it away, because he hadn’t done it for the thanks. He had done it because she needed protection, better equipment than something he had left her with years ago.  In return, she rolls her eyes before running ahead and catching up with Clint.
Steve shakes his head. "She's known, you know," Tony continues. "She's known the entire time, because she knows what everyone knows. She knows because she let him know, and he's never breathed a word. She's waiting for him. Been waiting for him."
They stay there until Clint wanders in and asks what the hell they are doing just sitting in the dark like idiots.
The screen produces the quickest path through the Chitauri with targets on the weak points for the armor, and Tony locks into it.  Bombs fly, taking out the second wave coming towards him as the arms of his suit extend and sharpen into blades as he flies through the first one before heading upwards.  Once he has enough distance between himself and the ground, he spins. and opens up his palms to snipe down the remaining ones that he hadn’t sliced in half.
and surges forward. He kisses Tony deeply, pushing every ounce of himself into the kiss and trying to say things like
Something in him eases, and the singing in his ears silences.  It feels like there is a kiss on his brow, and the unnatural tightness in his skin begins to ease, inch by inch.
Tony lost touch with reality a long time ago, he knows that.  Now it’s time to use that to do some actual good.
Steve hides his surprise by downing his whiskey.  It burns and he feels a faint fuzziness at the edges of his brain for a few moments before it fades.  “Just the beer Scott smuggled in and has Bucky addicted to.”
Steve and Barnes are strategizing with Lang and Clint.  Lang’s hands fly wide as he tells something, and Barnes carefully nods along, following.  Natasha trails the group, and makes eye contact with Tony for a brief moment. She pats her wrists, the new Bites he, Shuri and Peter had argued about for weeks on end as they worked on, under her fingers before smiling at him.
Tony slips his hands into his pockets and one shoulder shrugs.  “I don’t think we’re good around each other,” he replies. He’s honest because what else is there now?  He has bandages on his wrists that prove he shouldn’t be anything but. “We weren’t before, and now, I don’t know.  I can’t look at you without feeling like I’m a failure.”
“Protecting you,” Barnes says in his perpetually rusty voice, like someone is dragging the words out of him, but his eyes are fierce. “He’s making sure you’re safe in case they get him. He’s protecting you from him even.” He meets all their eyes, staying the longest on Steve. “He was just hoping that you would help him.”
Tony tenses, ready to shove the chair down to get across the room to the bars when his gaze snaps upwards to catch a glimpse of Rhodey waving his hand in his face. There is a wicked grin across his lips as Rhodey lets go of the bars. Tony, half sitting half standing, lands in the chair with an audible thump. Rhodey's steps are smooth as he moves. There is no hesitation during his move from the bars to the couch beside Tony's borrowed chair.
Bruce is smiling in the corner of his mouth.  It’s another the old joke, brought on by a discussion way too late at night about scenarios and code words and how they should handle from of the craziest scenarios.  After aliens invading Manhattan, anything is possible, right?
"I still think you need back up, but if you aren't comfortable, it doesn't have to be me," Steve offers into the silence that hangs.
“At least tell me SI is still on top,” Tony says.  “I’ll die if my succession plan was all for shit.”
Ana is lying in a bed, thin.  Her weariness is written in the bags under her eyes, the translucency of her skin.  Jarvis sits with his back to the open doorway, clutching her hand in his.
Steve dreams Tony is there in the hospital by his side.  It's cut between faded memories of his mother hovering over him.  Bucky's worried eyes in his too young face.
"Sir, I don't think it would be great to begin your first training exercise with specifically targeted attacks on the Avengers that could potentially isolate everyone."
He had sat to the right, windows at his back as he had worked on the scenario. JARVIS had been in his ear, softly telling him about changes he was making in the back end to the Avengers training scenario.
"At first, you reminded me of too many bullies who beat me up when I was smaller," Steve murmurs.  Tony glances at him, and Steve is looking at him, a smile on his lips, wry with history only he knows.  "I've always been ready for a fight."
He rolls, and a glowing trident goes past his face mask.  Tony straightens and looks down and sees the feminine one of the group targeting.  She pulls her hand back and the trident goes zooming back to her, past him, and Tony grabs onto it, fingers wrapping around the staff.
Even Ana and Jarvis turn to look at him.  He fidgets with with board.  Maria is watching him with a soft smile.  “I think you can use it for your miniaturized circuit board design.”
Tony can hear Rhodey's chair creak he turns. He scrubs a stain on the table left over from the "we will never allow Tony to cook again" incident from 3 months ago. It won't come out.
“You would think he would have a few secret children with the way he carries on and how birth control is very lacking in this era,” Tony scoffs, dusting himself off.  “But I’m a few women later. You know, those late in life babies to make the much younger wife happy.”
The being in question looks up from the lemons he has been slicing for the latest pitcher of fruit water.  “Mr. Stark needs to be check on constantly,” Vision says.
“Go for it Fry,” Tony says to the floor, massaging his temples and hoping his brain just stops hurting for five minutes.
The third gets him with a sweep of the legs and Cap goes down before kicking up and bringing the man down with him.  He scrambles to get purchase, and lands on top of the man, who wheezes out. Cap puts the man in a headlock until he slumps.
“We had a deal about the name thing,” Tony replies as he throws 3 more pens.  Spidey twists until he is facing Tony head on and snatches all 3 out of the air about a foot in front of his face.
“But you’ve always been better at the science,” Tony shrugs.  “I’ve been better at the engineering.”
“I think you’re hiding it from yourself,” Steve says carefully.  He watches as Tony minutely winces and knows he’s found something there.  “I think it scares you more than you want to admit, and I’m not sure if it’s because it makes you different, or if it’s because it’s not yours and you don’t know the limitations, but I know you’re not comfortable.”
“Good idea?” Tony queries.  He watches as Spidey adjusts the fluid container size a little larger and then waves his hand to bring it all together again.  The image is too bulky.
Tony hovers, adjusting himself to the positioned flight path that Friday charts out.  “Uh, you don’t want to know honey bear.”
Rhodey stills vying for the the pillow Tony has above his head.  “You better not lick the pillow again Tony.”
Natasha doesn’t correct him - just leaves a hand on his arm for a moment before walking towards Tony.
Natasha had been laughing with Bruce from their seats at the end of the conference table as they discussed travels in India. Hers had been highly edited, but Bruce hadn't seemed to care that day. There had been something there in both their faces, just a second of something that Tony sees now, and he mourns the loss for both of them. The steadiness and comfort they had wanted for a long time.
But Tony also knows his own worth, the weight of his sins and the triumphs he’s had.  He knows when someone is twisting the truth.
Tony falls back against the couch, "You definitely had an issue with round one. They jerked like no one's business. I distinctly remember bitching."
Then he blinks, the world shifting under his gaze in a haze of green, until it reforms as the house from the winter when he was seven in Virginia.  He’s in the room Daniel, Mom, and Peggy had locked themselves in for weeks on end, Howard drifting in and out when he had come back, construction dust trailing behind him.
Steve replies with, “I hadn’t noticed.”  Natasha snorts, and Steve’s spent enough time with her, hiding from authorities, suspects -  trading stories while waiting to know exactly what that noise means.  “Honestly,” he adds, softly.
"He's got some super strength, likes spiders and wears sweats, or maybe pajamas.  I'm not sure," Tony continues.  Steve watches him, intently, and Tony tries to think about that either.  "It's driving me nuts.  I made him a suit."
Steve smiles filthily at him. “I think I know a few. Like the Avengers compound you think you have been hiding from me.”
“So your kids,” Rhodey mutters, dropping his head on Tony’s chest.  The thud echoes down his false sternum.
“We train for many things,” T’Challa responds evenly.  “When you live in secret, you prepare for all sorts of scenarios.  Mostly an enemy intent on destroying everything you stand for.”
Steve frowns lightly, “They split, eventually.  Peter used work as his escape after the accident.”  Tony stills, but Steve keeps going. “He ended up in a wheelchair after a battle with Venom.  He just landed badly, and we couldn’t fix it. Pepper offered him a job, and they saved SI.”
The camera follows him, and the suits too dark to see if he’s bleeding or not, but Steve’s face says it all.  His face screams pain as he moves until he is hidden behind the stall again. Wanda wraps the first sniper in metal before rushing in Steve’s direction.
Tony makes a joke, at least Steve thinks it's a joke.  It's careless, just falls from his lips like he isn't thinking about it.
Tony spends a week more in the hospital, quiet without Steve there.  He prods the machines and the displays around him. Clearly older technology because it’s what he’s comfortable with, because it’s similar to what they used on Steve and the doctors are cautious to change anything when Tony was revived without the serum in his bloodstream.
Spidey reaches out and grabs it behind him back. “Proximity.  And can you stop?” He snaps as he peers back at Tony, lenses small.
Buildings collapsing, desperation in his throat, horror in the back of his mind, yelling - no, screaming,
The kid loves Steve, like Tony knew he would.  It's that Cap charm.  Tony rattles this off to Steve smugly when he comes back to tell Tony what happened.
He carries most of Tony’s weight to the compound, tired and too light, far too light. Eventually, they both admit defeat and Steve carries Tony in both arms all the way to the infirmary. He sits and watches Tony slip into a medicated sleep, until Pepper rushes in, barely holding back tears.
Tony levels him a measuring look, like he’s trying to read Steve from the inside out.  Steve tries not to bristle, keeps steady breaths and tries to look as open as he feels.  They are allies, have been for months.  They should be able to move past everything now.
Tony wonders if that is something he is going to become.  Something Steve holds onto even beyond it’s time.
Tony stumbles in his thoughts, trying to redirect himself before he gets pulled under the water again of the rambling path he’s on.
Pepper’s hand brushes his, and Tony is too used to playing another person in public to jump.  His watch beeps softly to register the drastic change in his heart rate.
“You realize your first date is going to be insane, right?” Tony replies.  “You’ve got a team of superheroes who are quickly adopting you.”
It doesn't feel like breaking apart to admit he has too.  The world keeps spinning.  No supervillains pop up. It actually feels anticlimactic.
He leaves his head against the cushions and looks at Steve, really looks at him.  He looks tired, in the way he is after a “way too long because some people just don’t get it when they are beat” fight.  So he’s looking at Tony that way he usually hides for after sex, when it’s just them and the connection between them is stronger and if Tony reaches he can feel can feel Steve’s emotions strong enough to be swallowed by them.
Grabbing Cap's tablet is easy. Tony ignores the browser window open on an article about the Beatles and opens the command prompt. It's takes a few more keystrokes than he would like, but JARVIS is paying attention like always and prepopulating the terms in the window to help him navigate down to the private server level he has set up specifically for the Avengers related items. He eases his way past the firewalls and security measures with JARVIS by-passing them before he even pulls up the next one.
“Can we be open and honest?” Steve asks.  He stands there in grey sweatpants, hair wet and long enough to curl around the edges, and at one point, Tony would tease him about that.  He doesn’t have that right any more.
It had been Howard Stark’s most memorable moment in the war.  Not the bombs, or the guns, or the planes. He has been remembered for the man he had made into Captain America for those in the know, and for years, decades, he had been asked if he could replicate the process.  If Tony could create his own generation of super soldier for his country.
"I don't," Tony starts before stopping like he can't find the words.  Steve holds himself very still.  Tony can always find the words.  More than Steve has ever been able to find in either of his lifetimes.
Dad had been, for a long time, moaning about the inability of his team to catch up to Intel’s 8008 integrated chip.  He had been over sketches upon sketches. He had ripped apart televisions, the first personalized computer, the Datapoint 2200, but nothing had been done.
Tony smiles slightly before clapping.  “That was amazing you two.”  Rihan blushes and Peter cocks his head to the side, a familiar quirk of his lips there.  “I have 2 things to tell you.  The ARC team is going to give you a prototype to play with.  And the Maria Stark Foundation will be funding any testing you want to do with.”
He pulls the brush away even though he wants to finish the well tread path in the grass that he had run every morning, still runs every morning. Because Tony deserves his full attention for this.
He meets her gaze, “But you think I wouldn’t know Aunt Peggy who comes into town once every three months with a dozen stories and tucks me in before going off to talk shop with Dad and to make sure he isn’t trying to build anything too accidentally bad while borrowing Jarvis for one or two escapades?”
Peter’s stories is true.  Pepper ends up marrying him actually.  They never have children, but they smile, lean in close in a way that Tony remembers Pepper doing with him once. They power SI into a new era, beyond what any one expected after Tony’s death to ever occur.  Beyond what Tony ever expected the company to become.
Perez turns to him as the kids make it down the stage. Peter hovers behind Rihan in case she needs help.  She doesn’t.  “You’re the good thing Tony.  You’ve been a good thing to all of us.”
sound wrecked. He couldn't even get that right.  How could he build something right when he’s laying here, on the edge, about to fall off.
“Yes,” he replies, firm, because Tony deserves that. Deserves his honesty and insistence, and everything he can do to confirm it. Make him understand how sure Steve is.
He kisses Tony then, long and trying to explain what he can’t find the words for.  That he wants to know what he missed, that he wants to not miss another second, that he wants everything to be familiar, but it still isn’t, even three years after the civil war.  And he wants the newness to fall away, and to feel this become something comfortable and stable.
The bomb doesn’t explode.  The wires look to be disconnected. The boy is yelling out and furiously clicking the useless button.  Wanda lets the wall of red down, “Get rid of the explosives Wanda,” Tony mutters.  “They are still live.”
Tony stares at her kind eyes, arm outstretched and fingers reaching but never touching for a long time that night.  Sometimes it hurts to stare his regrets in the eyes, and idly, he wonders if he could look Steve in the eye yet.  It took him 20 years to look Peg in the eye, and even then, it’s an image.
"Good to know you know your craft Jenny," he replies. "Okay I know I am going to get this question about five hundred different ways, so let me answer this now this one time. Don't try to ask it again. I will skip you, even you Christine of my heart." The Vanity Fair reporter glowers at him in the middle of the crowd.
“If it saves one life,” she says. “It’s worth it.”  She waits, and Tony looks at her, actually meets her eyes. “I’d do anything to save just one more person. Even if it costs me my life.”
But Tony isn't ready for it, so he forces them down. Bites the inside of his mouth so hard he bleeds.
When Tony opens his eyes, he’s further in the past than he has been yet.  Peggy is sitting in an office, pen tucked behind an ear and studying reports.  It takes him a minute to place the room front the picture and his father’s scribbles on the back of them. It’s the LA office of the SSR.  Daniel Sousa’s office from the early 1950’s if he’s got it right
Tony takes it all in, remembering the mind control and the way Hawkeye had been in and out of the tower as it rebuilt, always close to Natasha’s side.  He had initially thought it was for familiarity until he noticed that Natasha always kept her bites on her, even when in casual clothes. Then he looked in Hawkeye’s eyes and had seen Clint, miserable, unable to trust himself and constantly asking, hesitantly, if
She spun on her heels, but Howard had reached out for her and taken her wrist.  “Let me go,” she had said so quietly that Tony had almost missed it.
Tony huffs a laugh while Bruce comes to a halt beside him.  “If you really want to be a martyr, then 1188 can be on your conscious.  I’ll take 1186,”
“We’re going to save you,” Maria’s voice rings out, steady but angry.  Tony spins on his heels to catch her staring at him from the otherside of the room.  Peggy and Jarvis flank her, but Daniel sits adjacent to them, watching him.
I am very neutral on this chapter.  There are a few moments I kind of hate, but character wise, I'm from a limited perspective.  Tony doesn't get the nuances from everyone.  He's only human.   One day I'll explain the titles of the chapters because they really do mean something, honest.  It's all coding jargon, basically steps on how to solve a problem.  I'll do it on tumblr one day.  Maybe.  Or not.  (You guys knowing my tumblr actively freaks me out.)
He has heard some of the stories, read detailed encounters in files, found Howard’s journals and traced where curiosity had turned into interest, twisting into loyalty and friendship before trailing into romance and love.  Howard had always been devoted to Maria, in love and willing to give her whatever she had asked for. A child, a family - anything, he had burned down the world for her.
"He's breathing," Bucky murmurs as he hauls Steve up and makes him cross the space between him and Tony.
For Tony, teetering on the edge of something, the sense of balance is lacking.  The fearful edge of what comes next nips at his heels, keeping him running - sprinting - to the next ledge as he climbs, hoping desperately he doesn’t fall.  It’s been like this for a long time, he is realizing.
Tony ducks his head to hide the play of emotions on his face. Steve pulls him close and says nothing as Tony chokes back the tears he doesn’t want to shed.
still smarts, has narrowed lenses as he watches Tony from a distance.  The others are passive in their observations, but Tony feels on display and it makes the feeling in his hand harder to ignore.
Tony's pants are wrinkled and the shirt has been rolled to his elbows but are still dotted with oil.  A smudge of something like ink is on his cheek.  His hair has slowly upended itself from the gel, scattered every which way.  It's longer than usual.  Bruce doesn't mention the length, no one does, because it shows the grays easier.  Shows him better, underneath all the pomp and fuss.  It reminds Bruce of the early days.
Tony feels the truth he knows down to his bones beat with his frantic, shredded heart.  Anger bubbles up from the void of surviving.  “I’m not going to make any of this easy,” he says.
Bucky rolls his eyes.  “Stop being an asshole then and do something before someone accuses  you of trying to find a way to off Tony.”
“Isn’t it always?” Tony questions, and he can feel Steve shaking underneath him before a chuckle leaks out.
Steve looks different than the silent one that followed him around for months, bearded, blonder - but just as silent.  Just as observant as the other one.
“I loved you,” Tony says.  He feels reckless when he says the words.  Like he’s cutting himself open and showing everything he has left.  The few secrets he has left open to the world. This is it. The last few things.
Tony’s glanced at the aforementioned folder, briefly. It had been open on the nightstand in between missions. Steve had been in the shower, and Tony had hesitated for a moment, skimming the Russian and focusing on the notations in Natasha’s clinical translation.
“I’ve been with you since before you were a sparkle in your parents’ eyes,” it says, and it dawns on Tony in that moment, this is the stone.  The one in his head. “Who would know you better than yourself?”
Some days, Steve pulls out a worn sketchbook and settles into a familiar armchair and draws. He stays up on the main level, using the early morning light that filters in to see the details developing.
The officer nods and pulls back the sheet. Howard’s beaten face stares back at him. It looks concaved a bit, like he was thrown against the car some - he always hated wearing a seat belt. Someone has washed away the blood, and his hair is untamed. Dad would hate to be seen like this. “That’s Howard Stark,” he confirms.
So he tucks his head down and goes to work in the compound, all the whole searching, taking leaves to follow up one more lead.
Re the shiny new Steve Rogers/Tony Stark tag.  I honestly didn't mean to go there until I hit 20K.  But the story feels like we are leaning there and I would rather be safe than sorry.
When they talk these days, it's rambling stories of some design or project or just anything.  Their initial tensions are gone, but Tony isn’t easy with him.  Tony isn’t easy with anyone, really.  He teases Steve mercilessly.  He doesn’t escalate any more, with his reactions to the jabs. Tony's wide mouth grin takes the bite of his words even before they come out.
He continues in more detail than Steve needs, but it keeps other words at bay.  Things he can't say.  Things he won't say.
He turns back to Tony and Rhodey.  Both watch him as he shifts his weight, “Mind if I put away my bags and take a shower before we talk Tony?”
Bruce finds him, hours later, tinkering in the lab.  Not the one they used to share, but the other one that Tony claimed as his own when he had moved back in a few days ago.  The bots whistle when he enters, but Tony ignores it.  He finishes soldering the circuit, movements delicate as he connects the microprocessor to the miniature ARC sphere.  It’s smaller than a ring now, and Tony can’t help but smile at the fact that he got it
“We’re still working through some issues,” she says.  “There are some energy issues at this point, and we need to figure out charging the new source.  But this model is molded to my body type.  It’s not cheap, so Peter and I are looking into a way to be able to span a recipient's leg and 3D print the exoskeleton to cheapen the initial cost of the unit.”
Steve had, has, and he feels himself flayed open. Tony is still working and Steve hopes he is tuning this all out, but Tony is never so focused he doesn't pay distant attention to his surroundings.
“Hello T’Challa,” he says when he can finally focus on the man beside him’s face.  “I didn’t think a quick temporary truce between men in battle was what would allow me to ask you of a favor or five.”
Tony raises his hand in the Vulcan salute, and Steve’s hand makes the gesture as well.  He’s smiling when Tony looks away as he gets in the pod.
However, when he chuckles, everyone stands and points guns at him.  “Oh woah,” he says, modularized through his suit, which he had forgotten he was wearing  “Didn’t think I was actually here, sorry about that.”
Eventually they beat down every last piece and JARVIS powers down the projection of the landscape. The Hulk has retreated, and Bruce is there, breathing hard, but there with a tiny smile. They are all bloody and sweaty and grinning. "Go take a shower," Steve orders and they all fall out, joking and laughing and Clint is recounting the firebird explosion with wide gestures. Something in his chest blooms at the sight.
He glances sharply at Tony, who doesn't seem to notice. But the problem with the Tower that Tony fixed in the Compound was how the sound carried into the room.
They work in silence for hours, Tony going a mile a minute, manic and too tired but not.  He's in his suit, has probably been in the lab since he came back from the event Pepper had dragged him to last night.  The one he had grumbled about to Rhodey as the man made dinner.  Spiderman had squeaked something when the event name had been mentioned, but Bruce had missed it.  Tony had promised to bring them all back a swag bag.  They had had dinner, Tony disappeared to get dressed, Spidey jumped out a window and Vision did the dishes while Bruce rearranged everything in the fridge.
Tony is holding onto the edge of the long sleeve shirt, plucking at invisible lint with his flesh hand. Uncomfortable is written in every line of his body, and he carefully is avoiding Steve’s eyes.
Steve turns the door and the first person squawks before Steve can elbow him to the face and the second scientist runs at a table and clicks a button.
And then he goes and says things like, "I'm not sure you are comfortable with me being in the same location as you after what happened to Colonel Rhodes." And Tony knows that isn't something he wrote. The empathy.
“Looks like the Falcon is alright,” the anchor says, relief clear in her voice as the view minimizes,  “It also looks like the Black Widow is on the scene.  One has to wonder if she will be sanctioned by the UN, since she signed the Sokovia Accords and is fighting in what is clearly a non UN mission.”
“I’m a retired secretary,” Peggy responds, a gleam in her eyes.  “I couldn’t have an idea what you think I do.”
She stands and goes to the drink cart before opening up the sniffles and pouring more scotch.  Tony glances back to Ana who is carefully taking this all in. Jarvis goes to Maria’s side and murmurs, “Madam, maybe you shouldn’t…”
“And you got into a fight with a cat and lost an eye,” Peggy continues before turning to Fury with a bandage across the side of his face.  “An alien cat,” she corrects before he can reply.
I don’t.  That was the whole point.  Or did you forget about accountability and wiping out the red in our ledgers?
Hand to god, this portion has been around since chapter 3 but never made it in.  If I have some version of it somewhere, it's because I have been staring at this godforsaken memory for YEARS.
Wanda’s eyes flicker red and then brown on the screen as she waves a ball into the air, entertaining a group of children as she adds a second to the group.  The footage is grainy, but Tony catches glimpse of a smile on her lips.  Clint’s there too - in the background - too blurry to be recognizable by anyone other than those who know him.  He’s there, watching over the scene, arms clasped in front of him.
“I’m not being that weird,” Steve huffs.  Bucky hides his grin by taking another sip.  “Am I really being that weird?”
Tony knows Bruce’s heard about Vision.  Everyone has, even in remote corners of the globe.  That’s what happens where there is a merchandising deal around a superhero group.  And a cartoon.  And other assorted things on the internet Tony pretends he doesn’t know about, but FRIDAY categorizes with a glee he definitely did not program into her.
“More times than I can count,” he retorts, tasting blood.  He thinks about the hot desert of Afghanistan, metal pieces falling off him as he flies.  The coldness of space, and falling, falling, and
When his hands are empty and so is the stack, Tony picks up the phone again. He reads the text and replies. It buzzes back instantly. He responds a few more times, the vibrating sound ringing in his ears, louder with every texts. Then he stops and powers down the phone.
Tony grins, too bright to be genuine.  “He’ll be fine kiddo.  If we couldn’t take him down, he can survive everything.”
“You are missing part of your tribute,” it says, and it sounds like music when the being speaks. And something in Tony knows the siren’s song for what it is and keeps him rooted to his spot.
Tony shakes his head.  Bruce is watching with a terrible heartbreak in his eyes.  This must be the first time he heard the numbers.  “I made you.  You didn't want to, and I manipulated you.”  He takes in a deep breath before continuing, “I still think about it.  What if we had done it right.  Waited a little longer.  Tested everything.  Stayed in the bounds of what we understood and knew.”
JARVIS faithfully updates the combatants on the second screen. Tony scans the code briefly as JARVIS continues to write out five or so targeted villains for each of them to deal with. He's coming up with some pretty fantastical names. Zzzax definitely sounds like some version of a keysmash. Tony lets it slide for the moment. He'll get a database of generic names set up later. That'll tickle Clint's funny bone. Thor would enjoy creating some villain names in his Hamlet-y way of speaking (which seriously has ruined any Shakespeare plays that he didn't already loathe on the principle of it being
He keeps it close, worries about wanting to keep it close, and then pushes it aside and goes with the flow.
Tony throws his head back, making his left hand into a fist, so he can bite down the noises he wants to make - needs to make. Tony’s trying to pull himself back together when Steve looks up, a filthy smile curving across his lips. He feels a little better, a little less strung out when Steve shifts, and places his mouth over Tony’s boxers.
Tony waves a hand in the air and settles back against Steve’s side, passing him the tablet.  Steve hums and taps around, probably working on the new logo he owes Pepper.  Peter bounds over the couch and takes a seat on the coffee table.  Tony’s long since given up on telling the kid to sit like a normal human being, so he just huffs a sigh.
Barnes is missing his mechanical arm, Sam is diving in the air, trying to give him cover as he makes his way to Steve who is on the ground near Thanos.  Lang is large and giving cover before shrinking again
It’s taken two years, but he’s clawed his way back to an equilibrium, and Tony isn’t looking to lose it any time soon.  But the way Steve’s looking at him, he thinks Steve already knows everything he wants to say.
Tony listens and listens as the sun goes down, and the moon climbs across the night sky.  The light that filters in through the windows paints him pale, paler than usual.  He almost looks like a ghost.
Tony brings the glass to his lips again as he looks away. “Considering I’m going to burn the world down for you,” and he waves around the compound they are sitting in, encompassing all of them. “You know I am too.”
They have these half conversations, something riding underneath the initial conversation. He seems to think this is the only way they can talk. She aches with the subtext, wants to just wrap her hands around him some days and say,
They stay in the lab a little longer. Tony working on a few more calculations, Steve working on a painting he realizes he won't ever finish. Won't ever start the if they do this right
He can fill the air rush out of his lungs, the water rushing in.  He thrashed, shakes, pleads in his head.  The water muffles any other noise.  It’s silent, he barely can keep a thought in his head.  There comes a moment where he watches the bubbles as they rise from his mouth.  They move so slowly.  He’s going to die here, he already knows.  He’s going to die here, and it’s going to be in this moment.
Tony is softer spoken, rubs his eyes frequently, looks surprised when Bruce speaks back to him, smiles small things, barely a shadow of the grins he puts on for the press, but they warm the core of Bruce.  Reminds him why he came back, why he decided to help out.  Why he stays.
“You have the Time stone,” Strange smiles, ruefully, “Of course it wants to take its own opportunities to play with it’s nature.”
“Yeah,” Tony nods.  “Nothing’s been changed.  If you down, your floor will be opened for you by FRIDAY. We had it sealed off when you went on vacation. Oh say hi FRIDAY.”
She begins to build a timeline and pulls up the leaked SHIELD documents, pushing aside her own files and digging deeper into the ones for the government. There are some from five years ago, around the concern of Thor’s powers, the smaller sightings of different heroes with powers. She begins going through leaked memos on the Watchdogs, concerned feedback bordering hate speech from senators and heads of departments.
Peter comes barrelling in through an open window, takes one look at them, frozen on their way to a kiss, and yells, “Dads are making out in the living room again” before sprinting out of the room.
But instead he keeps his mouth shut in the moment.  Intent to make the most of this. “How did he and MJ turn out?  Did they wind up having a billion redheaded babies? Because they seem like the sort to have a billion babies and be disgustingly happy.”
He keeps going until he’s standing in his room, barefoot and surrounded by glass, bent metal and shredded paper. Stuffing rolls around on the floor, and Tony stands in the middle of it, not fucking caring, because he still hurts. He’s nineteen and raw all over, wanting to cry
Tony looks at him and nods, “Yeah.”  There is something there in his eyes, Steve can see, but he isn’t sure what it means.
Steve follows Clint’s gaze to where Tony is discussing some topic, waving his hand to prove his point. Bruce rolls his eyes before countering. Natasha sits nearby, eating popcorn and reading something on a tablet, but she isn’t scrolling.
Natasha nods before passing him a sheet of paper from her desk. "He's good, and Pepper has him NDA-ed to the hilt, so it's safe."
Steve goes, but as the machine boots up, he feels Nat's eyes on him, heavy and knowing, until they disintegrate.
Steve is standing across the room, sitting on a stool, painting as he looks out the window.  He stills at what Tony’s said, and looks over at him. “Tony,” he starts.
Tony laughs.  “You think the best of people, and it’s part of my job to expect the worst, so of course we’re never going to agree.  I still am surprised we get along most of the time.”
Tony lights up.  “Oooh it’s been forever since I have had a burger.  Don’t tell Pepper.  She’ll kick my ass five ways until Sunday and her heels
He keeps them open though, because Tony knows the moment he blinks she will dissolve in front of him.
“You could have left me one,” Clint waves his sword at the bodies surrounding them.  Natasha twists her bites, and they charge down a bit before she socks him in the shoulder.
Maybe Steve sits up, blanket slipping.  “Hey Tony,” he replies, soft, like he is welcoming an old friend, and they aren’t, they
“The power of the stones has a corrosive effect,” Strange utters quietly.  He stands carefully, like he knows this moment is important, and he has to be careful to get Tony to focus on his words so they make the right amount of impact.
Rhodey rolls his shoulders before continuing, "You gotta stop punishing Vision for this you know. It's no one's fault."
“On animals Tony.  Not people, and not on your self.”  Tony raises an eyebrow, and Bruce’s tone gets louder.  “You act like I don’t know about your inability to do proper human testing trials.  You put palladium in your chest and thought that was a good idea.”
He turns to his father, scotch refreshed and contemplating this scribbles with a notes with a smirk of satisfaction.  “Dad?”
That's not them - Tony and Howard.  Those are other people, and he needs to stop trying to rose color glasses this.
They choke him. Instead he just shrugs, wordless as he watches he realization bloom on both of their faces.
There are tears slipping down his younger version's cheeks, silent sobs racking his body. Tony has to take a moment to realize where he is, when he is. He knows the second he sees a vivid Ana Jarvis running around a corner, bright red hair, lime green dress circling around her, and how her expression just drops when she sees the younger version of him, probably all of 6 years old, in the corner of the room.
The sunlight from the open windows gleams off Vision on the unnatural way Tony has adjusted to over time. It took some time, after the relief and childish glee that it worked, that they were alive, wore off, but Tony adjusted. He's good at iterative development, adjusting as the requirements change.
Everyone holds their breath before a staff with thin, long fingered hand comes out of the darkness.  Out steps, a light skinned humanoid figure. Death is tall, long dark hair braided down it’s back and glowing white eyes.  It sweeps it’s blank gaze across the field, and Tony swears it’s gaze lingers on him a second longer than anyone else, before settling on Thanos.
He makes it up the stairs to the second floor before a silent alarm trips, and Tony curses.  "Fuck, three on the landing."
They take a side door that leads them down a hallway until they reach a large lab.  There are a few people in the room, but at T’Challa’s nod, they quickly finish up what they are doing before wandering away.
Steve turns until they are looking at each other across their pillows, in his home that Tony hopes feels as much like one to Steve.
Tony catches it later, the machine hooked up to the IV cord to the man on the table pushes something into the IV.  The man starts writhing, but when he looks up, his brown eyes are wide and dilated.  It's not Barnes, but it's still horrifying to watch as he begins to age, veins pulsing like he is screaming but no sound coming out.  He dies quickly.
He stacks the box on top of another, up to three now. He'll have to find somewhere to put them, maybe Sam's room for now.
Tony closes his eyes and thinks, thinks about what it was like before, when the threat of something coming for them didn’t hunt his every step.  When the world’s only threat was small corruption and trade wars and not the extinction of their entire race at the hands of a purple mad being.
He continues on his way. There is a lovely Secretary of State at the end of the hall, red in the face. "Did you tell Steve Rogers where his friends were being held?"
Dad takes the board and inspects it, lips melting into a frown.  “Tony if this doesn’t work, I’m going to be very angry you bothered me with this.”
Rhodey hands Tony his mug. He takes it and puts it in the sink, carefully washing the ceramic before leaving it on the drying rack. He goes back for the cloth he was using for drying when he catches Rhodey still watching him.
"I know I don't get this," he says to the floor, and then realizes Tony deserves to see his face, and deserves to see that this is sincere. "I've accepted that. A long long time ago. I know I can't make up for what I've done. I'm sorry you found out."
Tony’s grin is a brief lift of his lips before it smooths out. She watches him watch her in the window, and wants to reach out. Wants to put a hand on him. Remind him that humans can be good, that she can be good.
“Thanks,” Tony intones sarcastical as he flattens the suit back up.  “I can feel your love from right here, staring at the open whale mouth.”
Tony puts on the billionaire persona and feels Steve’s steady hand on his lower back as he chats. The heroes have questions about the early 2000’s and Tony tries to answer them the best he can while looking for the lab.  He can feel Steve’s eyes on him from time to time. He just smiles at the other man.
before taking to the air, Vision watching her as she floats over to the other group.  Clint throws an arm over her shoulder when Wanda lands and mutters something close to his ear. He looks across the way to Peter and then to Tony and gives him a thumbs up.
Strange opens his necklace thing and shows the broken green stone.  He traces the jagged edge, and Tony knows the rest of that is somewhere in the back of his mind.  “When the stones were made at the beginning of the universe, thousands of beings were sacrificed to create this amount of power.  The creation of the stones meant peace, so the beings went willingly.”
Steve laughs at Tony's jokes.  Is able to pull details about his past out of him, but never asks why he is at the compound and not the tower.
The girl watches him closely for a moment before tilting her chin and saying, “He’s here - outside of the forcefield, but his army is banging on it enough for the power to be dropping.  Rapidly.”
It’s during a fight.  Well the very end of a fight, but he doesn’t remember much of it besides the blow to his chest and the burning and the pain.  He goes down hard.  But Tony's right there, and Steve feels like his heart is beating out of his chest.  "Tony," he gurgles, the taste of blood in his mouth.
"Thanks for not holding him against me," Tony tacks on when the silence hangs too long, looking down to the scraps of paper with a treadmill sketched out on it.  Something a super soldier could maybe use.
“Tony,” Steve says low and quickly, like he is tripping over himself to get the words out.  “Tony you can stay here as long as you want. I told you that when you woke up. You don’t have to just leave.”
Tony watches as Steve wakes up, carefully in Steve's space without touching the other man.  If he reaches out a hand, he'll brush Tony's.
Bucky shows up, metal arm whirring and between the three of them, they push the alien back. Natasha joins, wraps herself around Thanos' arm and swings her entire body around it, making it release the younger version of Steve Thanos was grappling with before falling back to Strange.
Then Steve asks, "Would you like to stay for dinner?  It's just some chicken dish I found a recipe online."
(He looks at Steve like he’s cautiously beginning to trust the other man. Like maybe he isn’t immediately seeing Howard in a different face.
and the splash of pasta sauce as it hits his face before he throws parm at Steve and Peter's helpless laughter as he asks,
“Welcome back boss,” FRIDAY greets as the armor disperses.  Tony runs a hand over his face, through his hair before returning the greeting.  “Should I inform the others of your arrival?”
Tony jerks when Bruce reaches out to his stiff form.  “Today we have seen a fleet of suicide bombers in the country,” she continues.  Tony and Bruce migrate to the couch.  He perches on the seat beside Peter, bookmarking the kid with Rhodey.  Bruce curls up in an oversized arm chair, his old favorite from the days of old.  “But it looks like the Secret Avengers are on the scene here today.”  Her face gets serious.  “Be advised, this is life footage and will most likely have footage that young children should not view.”
He does remember the long nights.  The ones where he would sit outside his father’s office long past his bedtime and listen to him mutter and tinker and try and be his best self, falling asleep there until someone probably Jarvis would pick him up and tuck him into bed.
When Tony is seven, he spends the entirety of four week span from before Christmas beyond New Year’s in DC while his father oversees the building of the Triskelion, and Peggy, Maria, and Daniel pour over plans in a room he isn’t allowed in.  They talk through scenarios he doesn’t really follow at meals, ask him strange questions, before he is swept up by Jarvis and Ana to work through lessons in messy art, cooking, and the small magics of mending clothes.
The inside of the old black cadillac.  It gleams in the light, and Tony closes his eyes against the sudden brightness.  The shade of blue around the edge of the engine is unnatural, and Tony leans back as the car begins to move on it’s own.  It rolls to the edge of the table before stopping. It slowly morphs into a small flying vehicle, a little similar to Howard’s stark industries prototype way back in the 40’s.  Tony smiles, soft, and remembering his father talking about flying cars when he was small, too small to really remember but more like remembering stories he had been told and reimagined over the years.
“Fuck give me a second Fry,” Tony gasps out before shaking his feet and triggering the thrusters to push just a bit more.  He trails the top of the whale thing, and blasts at the Chitauri on top, sending them flying until he can land on the top of the armor.  Friday detects for a moment, screen filled with flying circles until they focus in on a break between the armor on the back and the head at the neck.
look Bruce’s face tends to default to when he gets around Tony.  Something in Tony tightens at the thought.
Dragging himself upwards, back to the conversation, Tony clears his throat.  “It looks like he has an army trying to get through the border,” he mentions, eyes narrowing as he takes in the sea of bobbing forces just behind the giant - Thanos, probably.  “They were pretty feral back in New York but not too bright. Mostly trying to overrun us in sheer numbers.” He looks to Steve, ignoring the emotions across the other man’s face.  “What else do you remember?”
He stands up to walk away as Steve yells over his shoulder, “It’s just a shitty IPA that does nothing for you.”  Bucky flicks him off without looking back.
Tony hums as a stuttering college kid begins his presentation again about the project estimation system he is building for the effort planning group.  He explains the macros in the excel sheet in a bit too much detail, but the contingent from that department has wide smiles.  Those guys always lived in excel.
"No, J," Tony disagrees loudly. His fingers are flying across the keyboard, pulling in the basic profiles for the Avengers one by one for the program to take into account. "We need to have a few guys programmed specifically to attack our weaknesses. Pull out the list of the weaknesses per Avenger. Target our top 3. The rest of guys can just be be assorted mindless idiots."
“Fuck you,” he says across the table where Steve stands there, mask on and judging him.  “If you knew how to open your mouth and say some real goddamn words instead of ‘oh you’re making decisions for us’, we wouldn't be in this goddamn mess.  If you had fucking said something we could have avoided the whole Germany fight.”
All the men look to the one facing Cap before rushing him.  Cap gets lost in the rush, and Tony can’t breathe.  Can’t find any air in his lungs until Cap is pushing back the first rush of people.  One man goes flying, taking three more down with him.  Cap goes low, taking another group of them out with a quick hit to the legs.  The first group goes to stand up, and Cap punches the first guy square in the face, takes his helmet as the guy slumps and tosses it at a second guy, hitting him square in the throat.  The guy gasps and goes down as well.
“You watch me,” Tony returns, a little angry.  He pauses and the next time he speaks, the tone is bland, careful.  They are still walking on eggshells - even here in Tony’s bed.  “You watch me like a creepy stalker I should probably get a restraining order from.”
Breakpoints are moments in code where the debugger will pause, so a software developer can make sure the value the system is presenting is the one they expect in their test.
Tony thinks about the pain, the goop he drank, and how keeping the secret almost killed him faster than the palladium.  He thinks about pointing his repulsor at Rhodey, as fuzzy as it still is, and thinking,
Falcon drops in, missing a Black Widow and tackles the assailant.  He uses the love bite again, and the man passes out.  He wrestles the unconscious man into cuffs and leaves him face down in the dirt as he moves to Steve.  Wanda’s already there, energy holding pressure to the wound as she floats him.  Steve is smiling gratefully at her, and Sam grabs his arm.  Steve smiles at him, murmuring something.  The trio moves quickly down the street and the camera loses them again.
"You've got three at least," Clint calls from where he's thrown across a chair, like a dame from the films Steve saw when he was young.  Natasha tilts her head to the side like it may be right or may be wrong, she won’t confirm or deny.
“What are you up to Tony?” Mom asks.  Her red lips are wide in a teasing smile, and even Dad looks up at that comment.
He grins at Steve, hand open in front of him, arc reactor glowing dimly on it.  “Do you remember what you said?”
Tony grins back.  It’s crazed, but he’s a bit on edge.  The scene of Vision taking Rhodey is playing in his head, and what ifs are ringing in his ears.  He starts laughing, shaking down to his toes.  He bends until his hands are on his thighs, and Bruce lets him go as he starts chuckling too.
In a cave in what felt like the end of the world, a man with glasses had shown him a moment of kindness and murmured,
"Nothing," Pepper says, looking down to her phone.  When she meets his eyes a moment later, she insists, "Nothing.  I just asked how you were doing and he told me about the gym equipment projects.  I was only there for five minutes before you came in."
He feels the ache down in his chest. Grainy footage fills his mind. Blood rushing down the side of his face, in his mouth. He killed my mother, rings in his ears.
Strange tightens his jaw.  “The stones burn too brightly.  Any host or user burns with it until they are a husk.  Or dead. Whichever comes first.”
Something in his face eases, lines erasing themselves as he unclenches himself.  "Yeah,"  he murmurs.  "That sounds good."
(Not including the incredibility hard to reflect on ages 8 to 13 where he hero worshipped Captain America to a point that he still has a hard time looking Steve in the eyes sometimes.
“It’s easier though,”  Steve adds. “In here with you.”  He smiles and it’s tentative, wary of his welcome here in this room.  Tony can’t open his mouth. Won’t. Doesn’t. But some small iota of his being rattles around, vibrating out of control the longer he holds his breath that he WANTS to tell Steve he’s welcome.
There aren’t full reports on her experimentation.  They had gone back and looked, but the paper had gaps, and the electronic reports were wiped.  As they went through more and more Hyrda bases, they hadn’t found any more information on the experimentation on the Maximoffs.  There had been less.
There is an ease in this sort of dynamic, the push and the pull, that they have grown comfortable in the more time they spend around each other in the Tower or on missions together. The give and take of being coworkers and companions and finding your place in a team. He just finished settling into his place by Tony’s side, a year into this. Comfortable when Tony presses too hard with pushing back just as much.
There are nights when Tony wakes up shaking, too cold even with blankets on.  He says, “JARVIS turn the head up.” Until his is sweating and the numbness in his limbs goes away.
For a second Tony looks back up, almost directly at him and Steve knows he couldn't know where he is exactly, can't even see his eyes from behind the sunglasses he's wearing but he knows the clench of his jaw.
“I can not definitively say he has been happier since you have come here based on the last months,” JARVIS admits finally.  It’s soft, like it’s an admission the AI didn’t want to make.
"Howard talked about me often?" Steve's tone is incredulous, but he holds out a hand to Tony. Tony, ever the gentleman, takes it and stands up.
Steve spends those mornings close by, knees pressed against each other as they sit side by side, not talking.
Elderly men and women take children into certain smaller buildings that, eventually go into lockdown protocols with metal covering the windows and doors and then sinking into the ground until all that is left if an uneven patch of dirt where a building used to be.
Steve’s fingers find his on the sheets, and they curl together, gripping so tightly that Tony thinks he may break a few fingers. But in the backdrop of all the pain, he can hear Steve whispering. Quietly, barely muttered words from someone so close to the edge that their voice is already shot. Tony, he says, barely able to get the word out. Oh Tony.
“I don’t like being in someone’s debt,” Clint tells her. She has to grin, because she feels the exact same way. “So if I punch him, I’m going to need you to cover me.”
He watches Peggy this time, unlike his younger self, staring outside the window.  Her wrinkles deepen, making her look older, like the woman in the bed who always looked at him and said,
Fury nods, shades of his older, carved in stone self float before Tony’s eyes.  The tugging is more of a yank, and he wants to drop to his knees. He doesn’t. But it’s a pretty close thing.
Jarvis had met them at the exit, fretfully wringing his hands until Tony took one, and told him about how brightly Peggy had smiled.  He had calmed after that.)
“Damnit,” he mutters, rolling until he is facing upwards and trying not to groan against the pain.  Tony lifts the mask, taking in the freezing air, hoping it pushes him to move faster.
"You look as beautiful as ever, and you know I'm always better at showing up on time if we do video calls," he returns, and she's glowing as she laughs at him.  They may be marching off to war, but she's happy.  A weight lifted off her shoulders, and it hurts, just a little, to know that is what he had become to her in the later days hurts, but in a distant sort of way.
The first time, he opens his eyes to see ice, frozen and eons of cold.  He can’t breathe, but that doesn’t panic him. He feels like he is treading underwater, limbs anchored down and he’s slowly falling - even though he’s not moving.  The few thoughts he can string together in the darkness and steady blankless he is in in that moment is,
Tony lets out a long whine from low in his throat that is more of a wordless, animalistic thing than actual words. The damp pressure overwhelms him, sends feeling he has on fire and makes everything go black for a second.
They sit there, quiet while Tony works and Steve watches him work.  He looks up once and catches Steve watching him.  He grins and they both laugh before Tony starts explaining the bike idea.
He takes off our the nearest window. He has FRIDAY send a payment to the building's owner before he pushes a bit harder, a bit faster, so all he can think about is making sure he doesn't crash and not his former teammates faces in the RAFT.
“We don’t use words like that,” Peter counsels, very sincere.  “They are ageist and that is discriminatory.”
Sometimes you stare into the abyss, and it stares back, before it blows you a kiss and lets you descend into madness, laughter ringing between you two.  Sometimes it’s a hand outstretched and a smile filled with chances and hope as it says,
“Interesting hair color,” he hears Tony say.  “I would say you’re a bit too pale for dyed platinum eyebrows, but I guess you made the choice knowing what it would look like.  Undercover job?  Make over?  Just trying for a fresh start?”
Peter has the legs off the suit out, using the extensions to get on higher ground as he tries to pin down some enemies for Rhodey to take out.  Clint is picking off the ones he misses from a perch above them all, and Natasha is rushing three or four enemies, not missing a stride even though her side is shredded.
Keep your eyes on the most dangerous person in the room and get out the second you feel your life is in danger.
“Uh,” Tony stutters.  “No. I’m just an intern cleaning up everything here.  It’s a bit of a disaster. Mr. Stark is kind of terrible at cleaning.”
"Correct Master Tony," Jarvis beams. "We are still friends occupying the same space or not. She is a person I care about greatly even when she isn't present in the moment."
He’s been hiding it.  Or maybe the sentient stone in his head has been hiding it from him, but there is something deeply wrong with him.  There has been for a long time. For years, if he thinks clearly about it
They don’t really talk about it. Never really talked about it. Sometimes it all hangs heavy between them, but Tony is good at ignoring when he really needs to be talking through his issues.
Tony knows  Steve sleeps outside his room, in the living room in a chair ready to take action if necessary.  And if he didn’t feel so empty, he would feel guilty.
Steve remembers looking for Bucky and only finding dust. He remembers watching Tony fall. Both Tony's.
The simulation needs to be finished before the team can take up in the new training room. He needs to make sure the drones are programed to get moving as soon as they start the simulation.
He turns back, because Steve should have to hear this, have to face him.  “I could have bought another plane!  But no, I had to fix a goddamn airport because you wouldn’t say any actual words!”
Tony gives him a wan smile. "I'm not the popular one these days."  They've talked about Ultron a little, but Tony can still see the look in Wanda's eyes.  The pile of bodies.  His mistakes haunting his every step, even years later.
And he continues to systematically destroy his room piece by piece. The lamp goes, and then the other pillow, a magazine is torn. He kicks, punches and breaks everything around him, yearning for something more, something that could, would, might, fill this ache inside. Make sense after all this shit. Something that he can focus on.
She had shaken her head and added, “I should have never listened to your miserable promises.  You could never keep them, and I knew that, but I got caught up in sentiment and forgot my training.”
, you know?”  He muses. “I’ll get over, but,” and he looks up at Tony for a moment, mask falling away, so Tony can meet his eyes.  “I’m just a little scared.”
He gets it. Gets it so much that his heart is fluttering out of control. He can't open his mouth to say it though. So he just nods, silent as he watches.
Hoodie begins to fall, but rolls and throws his blade at Tony.  It’s too close to avoid, so Tony has the nanobots force outwards, thinning out until they are forming a shield outside of him.  The blade pierces then, easily slicing through the metal as he watches, wide eyed, as it comes closer and closer, Friday narrating the distance to his face mask.
He slowly lets go of Steve’s hand.  But Steve doesn’t let go, holds on tighter, like he’s keeping Tony here in this moment with their laced fingers.
The words tumble out of Steve's mouth.  Talking about the old days, when he was younger and smarter and so tiny.  How every winter he just felt so cold, like he couldn't get warm as his heart sluggishly pumped.
Or, as Tony realizes now, a sentient stone filled with untapped power waking up and latching into the closest thing that it could find that it
Tony’s using him.  Using Steve to get to the lab, and he can’t help but feel the tinge of something in his throat, like he wants to swallow the words he’s just said.
Bruce doesn't give in, keeps watching Tony.  Watches as Tony takes another sip, kale and spinach work its way into his system, perking Tony up a bit.  "I've never been one to do what I don't want," he utters.  "I've made a career in following my own wants."  He waves at his heart rate monitor.
"Oh," she says after the doors slide open and he sees the scattered paintings of scenes from Wakanda, the various teams in action across the world, the view from the tower or compound, Brooklyn from the 1940s.
“We were tracking down some old Hydra black sites. Natasha sent us a list a while back when she gave us the file from her KGB contacts for the Winter Soldier.” Steve pauses, and there will never not be some sort of unbearable pain that lines his shoulders when he thinks about all those years, the freezing, the killing, the brainwashing, the screams that plagued Bucky Barnes. Tony knows, just like he knows Steve, this is something he can’t smooth away. This part of Steve was ripped apart that night Barnes fell from the train - shredded to the point it can’t be repaired.
He goes up and the younger version goes low. They continually switch directions, relentless as they push Thanos who can't get a break, can't use the stones because he's reacting to Steve throwing the shield or the other version boomeranging back.
They make their way across the field in groups.  People sometimes move from one to the other, but the clumps are pretty well defined.  Tony flies above them, silent, not able to deal with the heavy looks from everyone until Friday murmurs, “Boss?  Karen has mentioned that Peter is feeling apprehensive.”
Tony isn’t scared. He’s just...closed off.  Closing the doors down at the train station.  Other people can go by but no one can stop here.  It’s better this way, he reasons. Less people to disappoint.  Less people to be hurt by. It’s better, he thinks as he stares at Steve’s hopeful face.  It’s safer.
“I get it,” Tony says. Because he does.  He always has.  He shouldered everything himself and Rhodey may never forgive him for that because it nearly killed him, nearly took Rhodey’s heart with him.  He remembers the quiver in Rhodey’s voice when he had asked, you sure?
In the end, Steve is, has been, but he is also good at holding words in when they come to his feelings.
Tony pauses, thinking about the red tinged vision Wanda had put in his head.  “What about…” He trails off, and the other smiles.
“How fortunate,” T’Challa returns, drolly, almost as if is almost bored and has aliens at his door every day.  “That Wakanda is filled with warrior clans who will stand to defend their home when called.”
“We’ve finally found Captain America,” the anchor breaks in.  Her face is lined with tension.  “He seems to be fighting a team right now.
Rhodey slings a hand over his shoulder. "I got priority one on the give Tony shit list for being the best. And I gotta give anyone who is lower on that list a beat down."
Rhodey sits up, a wince on his face. He's definitely in pain and probably refusing to take his pain meds. Tony knows not to fight him on that any more. "When did you start these? After Manhattan?"
He feels the ache down in his chest. Grainy footage fills his mind. Blood rushing down the side of his face, in his mouth.
“Chatter,” Steve reminds them, almost absent-mindedly, and Tony is struck with a sense of fondness instead of annoyance, memories of before bubbling up before he has to push them back down with a sharp,
"Want me to restock the snacks in here?" Bruce queries, careful not to say that this lab was never stocked for Tony's absent snacking habit.  If he has food in front of him he'll eat, but if he gets caught up in a problem, like now, without food?  Well, he just forgets.
Steve opens a drawer before handing him a box, sheepish.  “I don’t know what level you wanted to start on, but I thought this would be a good thing to do while I’m out on the next mission.  It’s something the kids like.”
When a developer finished a piece of code, they should completed automated testing that can be run against their application to make sure it is working correctly or if there has been another change the way this piece is working.
"Okay, let's get this show on the road then Cap," Tony says. He exits out of the windows he had been working in quickly before putting the computer in sleep mode.
Bruce took the pen from behind his ear and threw it at Tony, who dodged it with a laugh.  That had been the first time they had both laughed like it was before.  When it was just them.  No one else mediating them.
"There's always something to fix," Tony replies, coming in closer to examine the tread.  "FRIDAY, we need to work on the belt.  We fucked something up."
Spiderman barrels through the open window in the lab while Tony and Bruce are pouring over the nanotech prototype hologram.  He rolls to a stop in front of them on and stares, both of his lenses wide.  Bruce lets the pen in his hand drop onto the table with a dull thud.  Tony takes in the scene with a small smile on his lips.
There is a dull ping as the stones fall from the gauntlet to the ground, one, two, three, four, five, and half.  All fading before falling to dust on the ground. Tony looks up at the sky, because there is a strange song in the air, and someone is singing,
Thor’s hair is shorter, and he has new scars and a single eye.  There is a familiar weariness carved into his skin. “You all look to be handling it pretty well without me.”  He picks up the weapon that came flying out with him, an ax hammer thing. “And I was distracted by my planet blowing up and Ragnarok.”
Bruce comes in early that morning, before the lab's windows adjust to filter in the daylight to Tony still in the lab.  He doesn't blast music anymore, conscientious of his shared lab to the point that Bruce sometimes wanted to bring up.  This thing between them is still to fragile.  The glue they have begun to put to their friendship in the aftermath of Ultron hasn't dried yet, so Bruce keeps quiet and his distance.
He doesn't see any in Tony's eyes when he looks up later. Steve wonders what Tony sees before he looks away.
“I barely had anything in the biomedical,” Tony scoffs.  “H.G. Wells sort of bullshit ideas that had nothing really practical behind them.  Whatever he did in that field was on his own.”
“It looks like decreased mental capacity every time you stay under longer once you come out of the simulation. Your brain seems stuck in the experiment and had a hard time adjusting all cognitive senses to the real world.  The brain is calibrating but after increasingly longer periods.”  She provides four screens of footage of him sitting around various locations, fast forwarded with time stamps until he stands and leaves the rooms.  Each one gets progressively longer.  Sometimes five seconds, others hours.
The rings on her hand dig into the flesh of his arm.  He remembers Uncle Daniel being lowered into the ground, Peggy holding herself too straight as she clutched the United States flag in her arms.  Her family all around her.  Tony had stood across the sea of people and watched her from a distance.
He captures Tony’s lips again, and they don’t speak in coherent sentences for quite a few more hours.
Steve’s shoulders fall and he looks resigned, like he knows how this will end.  Who will be left of the two of them, and he’s preparing himself for it. Whether it is now or later, Steve is preparing to be the last person left.
"Abort any thoughts of that. Okay where is this plane?" He is wheezing, but standing so that has to count for something.
"Five times," she says, quietly. There are tears in her eyes, and he knows she imagined it.  What it looks like, when death really takes.  "It took five tries to stick."
Team Cap busts out of the RAFT a month after Siberia while Tony is holding a press conference about the future of the Sokvoia Accords. Thaddeus Ross is at his side for the first twenty minutes before he stalks out. Tony grins and says, "He is already on the case, tracking down every vigilante who hasn't signed yet" to the twittering crowd. The door slams behind the secretary of state.
He opens a new window and types in a query for JARVIS to check the drones he manufactured and to make sure the weapons arrays on each matches to those they are using in the simulation and to already start manufacturing on the back up ones. He has a feeling they aren't going to end up coming out of this session in one piece.
“Even before,” Tony muses.  “I thought it would be something with fire to be honest.  Not a bullet or drowning, or even the ice. I always thought something was going to burn me.  It would be slow and I would feel it. I would go screaming into the abyss.” He looks at Steve - is able to see the minute horror in the other man’s face at the revelation of his thoughts.  Steve’s face is mostly bland, but Tony’s relearning his expression. The lines make it harder, the winkles pull his face in new and different ways, but it’s the eyes that are the same. Maybe easier to give now, let Tony catch things he used to not before.  “I’ve never been one to be simple,” he shrugs before stuffing his hand back in his jacket’s pocket.
Steve’s taken to sitting in the chair by Tony’s bedside when Rhodey or Pepper or anyone else isn’t there. It’s usually during the night time hours, while Tony is sleeping. Steve sits with a sketchbook and just draws.
Vision is staring at him, but something in his face has eased. Something like understanding in his eyes. "Stay with me buddy. I just got to get over this hurdle. I'll get there eventually. It's just going to take time."
Steve puts down his pad and pencil.  “I’m always hungry,” he admits, like it’s something he’s ashamed of.  “It’s part of the,” he waves at himself. “Whole thing.”
T’Challa’s face eases into a grin.  “I believe you bring out the worst in me Tony.”  He waves to the guards who quickly move back to their stations.
“Hey kid,” he says and looks up at her horrified face.  In the distance over her shoulder, he can see some blurry figures rushing towards them.  “I don’t feel so good.”
A hand curls around his shoulders, and they stay there for a while both staring into nothing. Vision drifts in and stands in the doorway, keeping watch even though there is no chance of interruptions in the silent building.
(He bites his tongue, talks around the fights and feels guilty with the easy way Steve talks to him.  He pushes it down, like he does with everything these days, and quiet his thoughts the best he can.
Pepper comes into the lab that Steve has taken over for the last eight months with his painting. Natasha pushed and he finally gave in. It's been a year since the snap, and Steve still hopes, somewhere, that Tony will come in one day with the solution.
He thinks about the lonely man he was before.  Holding himself hostage as he built the knot of his own personality and thought larger and tighter.  Thinks about himself now, the unease that only finds him in moments and doesn’t hang over his shoulders like a cloak.
They shake hands, and Tony nods before walking away.  “You should come visit Wakanda,” T’Challa calls.  Tony stops and turns.  “I believe you would love my country with the same fierceness I do.”
It’s like all the air has gone out of the room, and Tony stands still, but doesn’t take it back, because it’s the truth.  And something Maria had tried to raise him to be, before the board meetings and learning at Obie’s side, was to be honest with family.
Tony looks at him like he doesn’t believe Steve, and Steve barely believes in himself these days. But he has a faith in Tony, has had a faith in Tony for a long time, that he will find the tiniest loophole and force it wide open. Has seen him do the impossible a million times.
When he opens his eyes this time, it’s deep in the SSR offices.  Not the hidden ones, the ones hidden in the hidden offices that Daniel had taken him into one day, finger over his lips as he smuggled the nine year old into see his aunt.
“Don’t die,” Peter says.  “Amendment one is that if you do it, please don’t do it on Stark property because there is a lot of paperwork, and Tony doesn’t like paperwork.”
Tony can’t look down, can’t do it.  If he does, he’ll seen the metal sheen of the box.  The one he built last night when he should have been asleep.  The one he whispered things to that he hadn’t said to Steve. Couldn’t even bring himself to say to his body, even as withered and unfamiliar as it had been.
Now all we have left is why Steve can't handle Tony ever speaking these days, Thantos, and the end of the world. :)
Tony pulls back and slides his hand up until he reaches the soft hair on the back of Steve's head.  “You sentimental old fool," he whispers.
“Just try it,” Tony replies as he holds out his board.  “I just need the holes, the soldering for the wires to put the battery and the light in.”
.  Then there had been ambassador, lobbyists in 193 countries and keeping the money funneled so it was so far away from his name that no one could ever trace it back to him.  It had all been in motion since Ultron, and Tony hadn’t wanted this one on his conscious again.
Steve pausing, just for a moment, before slamming the shield down into his chest.  Tony feeling just one more thing shattering in him.  Tony thinking,
Tony scans the room for anything else. There is still a grocery list on a legal pad in Wanda's looping script that he has to pick up and wipe under. There are doodles in the margin that Tony skims over.
The scene turns from the newsroom to the a bustling city.  There are screams, and Wanda is manipulating energy in waves.  She has a barrier around a man, and Tony can see the vest even on the grainy footage.  The young man looks younger than Peter, screams something, and Wanda moves her hands faster, trying to stop him as he presses the button.
He smiles, a little helpless as he remembers Jarvis correcting him day after day as he tried to make the sauce.  “I was lost after they died, and one day, he pulls me into the kitchen and puts me to work.” Tony laughs. “I was terrible.  He knew it, I knew it, but we made something manageable to eat. It was only after that he told me it was my mother’s recipe.”
“I miss your battle cry,” he says into the icy abyss and means more than just that. He presses a gauntlet against the box, taking in a deep breath before he pushes everything back down.
Steve pauses for a moment, still processing that Tony still, still loves him. That he said it aloud and just when Tony’s face begins to dim, Steve thinks
Shuri reads it in his eyes, Peter in his stance, and he loathes himself for a moment for making these children carry his pain with them.  Making them grow up a second sooner because of his own problems.  It’s nothing new - nothing unfamiliar, but he counts his breaths before letting the thought go.
“Two men can marry?”  His tone is wondering, and Tony wonders for a moment about that before pushing the thought down.
It feels like it’s supposed to be surprising information, but somewhere in the back of his mind, Tony already knew this, even though he didn’t.  Doesn’t.
“What do you mean too earl-” she starts before she is cut off by a singing Jarvis, The Beatles blaring in the distance from a radio.  She looks sharply in his direction, and Jarvis suddenly stops in the middle of
It’s hard to get it precisely right, and he knows he has a funny look on his face, because when Mom glances over this time she laughs softly, gathering Ana and Jarvis’ attention and quick admiration.
He reaches for the decanter to his right at first before grabbing a water bottle instead.  “I knew we were screwed a long time ago T’Challa.  I was just trying to limit the number of people who would get hurt.”
“Mom,” he sighs, and there are so many words Tony wants to say in this moment, but the tugging has been growing, and there is only a limited amount of time.  “I love you Mom. No matter what I say. I love you more than I can say. It nearly breaks me when you leave.”
“Do you want to run a diagnostic and do a tune up, or wait for another time?” Tony asks.  “I can’t tell if you were using the tower to hide from the paps or a visit.”
Tony knocks back his glass before looking at Steve again, fragile around the edges.  “We all are,” he says, waving his hand to the sleeping quarters. “What did you think made us the best sort of people for stopping the apocalypse besides people without many ties?”
He's not meant to.  Tony makes a joke about having more lives than Jon Snow after one particularly bad mission chasing down Hydra.  Thor, who is back, looks to him and declares, "You carry the blessings of Hel on your soul."
Steve knows about New York, has heard small mentions of Afghanistan from the others but never from Tony.
Rhodey is shaking into his chest, and Tony knows Bruce is a few levels above.  Vision is grinning at him with a smile he stole from Clint, and Tony feels something for longer than a second that isn’t an endless darkness in his soul.
The second version of the suit’s hologram brightens into a projection instead of static display.  Tony starts the spinning with a flick of his wrist.  Spidey comes and hovers on the other side of the hologram.  “Kid’s got a body suit that expands to cover his body when he activates the suit.  It’s a mesh with an internal aluminum framework inside of it.  His spider hairs can get through them because they are organic.  Sweat can too.  On top of that, we have the metal plating of suit.”
He blinks until he clears the tears from his vision, still moving, and looks up to Steve to see Steve half smiling, sweat at his brow. It’s the look Steve has after a good fight with the team. It’s the loop he always has when he meets Tony’s eyes across a room, over a file, across the dinner table surrounded by the team.
He looks up and both are watching him. "I've been thinking about a change in scenery," Tony says. Rhodey quirks an eyebrow. Vision is expressionless, as he is most days now. "How do you feel about going back to the Tower?"
Steve’s leaning against the tower wall, watching out into the night when Tony comes to a stop beside him.  It’s startling to realize that he could reach out with his right hand and touch Tony’s left.  They haven’t been this close outside of a fight in nearly two and a half years.
, Steve thinks, and then discards, because that's more than Steve has ever had. And it makes him think too highly of himself. He never mattered that much to Tony. He had been fond of Steve, friendly even. But nothing beyond that.
There is something, he knows, to see a man as mortal.  To see his fault lines and jagged edges instead of the smooth surface they present.  Most people don’t like the illusion, whether it be good or not. They don’t want people like him to be human.
Jarvis straightens, a smile on his lips. "You will perform admirably as always Master Anthony. Now, you should go finish working on your project while I finish the dishes. We wouldn't want Mrs. Jarvis to find me behind on my chores."
Steve stays. In the United States, in the Compound, in the present. He just stays. It's a lot like when he first came out of the ice, trying to take the world moment by moment, day by day. Don't breathe in too deeply and think about those he left behind.
Rhodey finishes taking a swig of water. His face is covered with sweat, but not as much as usual. Tony's fingers itch to grab the tablet and see the data from the exoskeleton. They can't be done. Not yet. Not if Rhodey is still sweating from the effort of simply walking across a room. "I wanted to show you when it was finished and not a work in progress." He grins. "Just like you and your toys."
He’s pulled up, noise rushing into his ears.  None of it makes sense.  Tony makes a garbled noise as he sucks in air, coughing out water as he chokes on it.  He is shaken, and all Tony can do is try to breathe while noise echoes around him.
Peter takes in a rattling breath and grips the back of Tony’s suit tightly.  He doesn’t say anything, but there is something in his hold that says enough.  Spills words out like red wine on a white tablecloth, seeping and staining permanently.  Tony drops a kiss on his hair before Peter clears his throat, and they both step back before starting up the path again, until they reach the collection of others.
She looks at him long and hard.  "I love you," she says, and something twists in his stomachs because he knows the steel in her eyes.
So yay!  Have a 4K idea of all my feelings on Wanda.  Basically, I love her but girl crazy, with good reason.  (The next chapter is stuck, and I am about to admit that my outline is so out of control that I have no idea how much longer this will last.)  Also IT IS SO NICE TO WRITE SOMEONE OTHER THAN TONY.  OMG.
"Second door on the left," Tony states, fingers clicking on the keyboard as Steve's steps echo through the comms.  "And god, I have to work on this comm system.  How is this hardware being used in some division of my company, really."
It takes a few steps, and Tony’s feet drag against the snow, before they don’t, and he knows he’s dangling over something.  He sees a crevice in the ice out of the corner of his eyes, and before he can even comprehend what that means, the Skrull shakes him a bit.  He pulls at the grip around his throat. It’s like iron and everything in Tony is screaming right now. It feels like broken fingers that throb as he pulls fruitlessly.
Because he imagined that Steve would show up and tell Howard how wrong he was. How good Tony could be if he took a moment to look past the skills and see the boy.
“You want to come to work?” Steve asks four months in in the middle of the morning, coffee at his elbow across from Tony.  He’s got a holo version of the news in front of him. Steve says it casually, like it doesn’t mean anything either way.
“I just made it smaller.  I think you could put another circuit on the other side and use both sides.”
Under the suit, Tony huffs a laugh.  Instead he just says, “Really? That’s what you are going with?”
Tony doesn't care about any of that. He drops the parts in his hands, and hugs her tight and close. Breathes in and clutches her. She holds on just as tight.
“I should be the first to go,” Jarvis says, twined fingers brought close to his lips as he kisses her fingers.
Tony breathes, just existing, until he can get his head on straight again.  He still feels like he is on the edge though, unable to stop staring down the edge of a cliff.
That’s why he was so surprised that one night, after Ultron, after some of the initial runs to find the Winter Soldier, Steve says, “I don’t remember much of the ice.”
Sometimes, Tony’s mistakes punch him in the face.  Other times, they catch him unaware until he’s gasping with the pain of it.
“Just her activating me a little earlier than I wanted.”  It waves a hand and Tony stares at the stairs with bodies, a previous version of him leaning over Steve, looking for a pulse.  “But that was one path the future could have gone. That is one way you did go,” it smiles. “But that is another universe with other variables.  Reality and Time stones were always the most compatible. They were created at the same time from the same family of beings. Sister stones of a sort.”
Steve looks to the camera before he gets into the car with the "really Maria, what are we calling this division because if you don't name it soon I will and you will
Tony sits, and Steve begins narrating something about how he found this recipe and how corn reminds him of summer in the '40s.  His mother's love of corn chowder and how it would last for days and days.  Tony eases through the conversation, through dinner, through the clean up after.
Thanos stumbles under the onslaught of the arc reactor going critical.  The grip of the stones loosens just enough for Friday to get the nanobots to move and open up at the back before forcing Tony out.  The suit begins to spark before it gets hit by a bolt of lightning and explodes, sending Thanos rocketing backwards. Tony looks upwards and sees gaping chasm open in the sky, and Thor rocket down to the ground beside him.
"Be careful," Nat murmurs, while Bruce and Tony argue about math again. Steve watches them with a small smile.
Steve drops into the seat besides Tony one afternoon.  He keeps a careful space, but Tony lets himself fall over until he is leaning against Steve.  “How was your day?” he asks distractedly, working on editing some schematics real quick for Peter.  He has a few doodles in the corners that hopefully the kid will understand.  He typically does.
It’s a satellite image of Team Cap sitting in the lush palace gardens.  Wanda is manipulating a plant in the first of this series of images.  It blossoms in the second.  Clint is watching her both times, eyes sad. Scott Lang’s face is lit up as he watches her work.  Sam Wilson is wandering in the edges of the pictures.  His shoulders are straight, tense, a solider back at war.  Natasha is close at his side, back turned both times.
He swallows down the wave of grief he feels, because Peggy is dead - has been dead, even though he was talking to her moments before her.  And his grief won’t do anything except cloud his vision and every version of Peggy he knows would be angry he let sentiment overtake him when he had the world on the line.
The hands on Tony tighten as the alarm blares, as Tony laughs hoarsely, at everything - at nothing in particular.  Everyone in the room is watching him in some level of horror. It’s like how people used to look at him back when his only title was Merchant of Death.  But Rhodey is close at hand. Trying to keep him together as it all becomes too much for Tony, with the rest of the world peering in at him. Looking for the cracks, the places where he has glued himself together.  It’s almost nostalgic.
The entire scenario is familiar, like the battle of New York with a more evenly distributed force.  One down, another two in their place, and as long as you don’t get overrun, you’re okay. It’s easy, almost, after Ultron and fighting each other.  But Tony suspects that’s because Thanos has been holding at the back, watching, silent as they fight his foot soldiers.
He looks over Peter's heaving shoulders as he sheds the fear that has been building for god knows how long to Steve.
"I love you Tony," he says, thinking of the regret and never ending feelings that well up when he sees Tony grinning to himself, chattering with his bots, in the early mornings or late evenings. Across the lab when their eyes meet or on the battlefield. "I always will, I think."
But today is different. Steve’s fresh back from a mission, a nondescript baseball cap in his hands. He’s twisting it into knots when Tony looks up from the latest sim he’s been running and catches Steve there. He’s leaning casually on the door frame of the Tower’s kitchen, a perfect study of calm, but while Tony’s been fucking his brains out, he’s learned Steve’s tells. The frown engraved in the edges of Steve’s smile. The intent way he is staring at Tony. The way he is cataloging every weapon near Tony.
“This,” Tony says, “is quite literally one of the worst conversations I have ever been in.  And I have to deal with crazy models.”
Tony smiles, he hopes softly but can’t be sure when his chest feels like it’s full of shattered glass.  “Because there always has to be someone left behind. Some to tell the story. Once it was Peg, and now it’s you.  You have to carry on the memories. Make sure other people know who he is. Because one day, he’ll want to remember, and you’ll have to remind him.  That’s the job of the man behind, he’s the story bearer.”
There are days Steve is a stranger in his own skin. Head lost in what if and scenarios where he could have been better, should have been better. But more days than not, when he is creating something, he feels settled. Feels like there is a hope, maybe.
Tony lets out a hissed breath, something twisting in his face, and Steve has to look away, looks down so he can’t see the regret on Tony’s face. He’s relearned the emotions that Tony lets bloom on his face during their combined time in the lab.
No, it’s not children.  It sounds like him as a child, now, and every age in between, laughing in a cacophonous rabble.
There is a faint smile on Yinsen’s face as he wipes the cold sweat from Tony’s face with a ragged handkerchief.  “No.  You don’t strike me as the easy type.”
Peter ducks his head and looks down at his tangled hands in front of him, until Tony reaches out and puts his hand on top of his.  “No one blames you for her death.”
Maria had stared at Howard for a long time before she nodded and reached out.  He had taken her hand and they had gone back into a room, and Tony had creeped back into his bed.)
Then the morphine hits again, and Tony goes fuzzy enough around the edges it’s hard to even think about what they are talking about.
“Her neck snapped from the recoil, of course it’s my fault,” Peter bites out.  He’s grief stricken in such a familiar way that Tony can barely breathe.  “She looked at me like I was going to save her and I killed her.  Someday I’m going to do that again, and you won’t be able to look me in the eyes when it happens, and I’ll have to get used to being back on my own again."
“I’m not leaving this fight,” Peter replies, quietly.  “Just because I am younger doesn’t mean I’ll run away when the going gets tough.  If I don’t stand here, who else will hold the line?”
The elevator door shut, but both ignores it.  Tony pulls his feet away from Rhodey’s death grip and crosses them under him, tablet discarded on the armrest and a decorative pillow in his hands instead. “Okay it’s not the best,” Tony acknowledges, ignoring the Hulk sized issue in the room.  “But we both know it’s better than Mr. Stank, which is just childish and annoying.”
“I can’t listen to this Jarvis,” she bites back.  “Not this fantasy, not when we know -”. She cuts herself off and drains the entire glass.  Her shoulders are raised, nearly to her ears, and it takes a long moment before the glass in her hands clicks to be set down on the table, and she turns.
Tony watches the tiny picture cycling through the footage again, as Falcon goes down, as Black Widow slips in.  He stares at the bodies around the three of them, counting injuries and categorizing them.
“Oh,” the voice says, and it sounds like it’s dancing.  Laughter echoes around him and it isn’t something the scares him. It’s like children giggling in the distance and something in him warms, like it remembers something.
Tony shrugs.  “Doesn’t matter.  You still have about a million more of these things to go.”  He raises back up to the air, and is about to add a snarky,
He is a footnote in Tony Stark’s story, a chapter at most, but he is not a volume, he does not hold anything more than a few words in the story of who Tony is. He is the villain of the week, if he grants himself anything. Nothing better than the Mandrian, someone who tried to kill Tony and failed.
Peggy’s response, however, is different.  She flinches. It’s minute and if Tony hadn’t known her for most of his childhood and made it a game of trying to discover her secrets, he wouldn’t see the way she bites too hard to keep from grinding her teeth.  It means something. He just doesn’t know what.
Tony tosses him a tired grin. "Oh I think I like Cap more." Cap's face falls, and Tony redirects, "But I can call you Steve. I think. It may take me a while to get use to remembering you are a mere mortal and not someone Dad used to ramble about."
He settles into the lab quietly, and is gratified when Tony doesn't look up.  He continues muttering, fingers flying, as he speaks to FRIDAY.  Bruce starts on his own work, mapping the neuro-passages of the example brain Tony had given him.  There is something wrong about this, and Bruce has a feeling about that too.  He can bring it to the forefront of his brain, can't let himself think about it too hard.  Doesn't want to know it.  Doesn't want to acknowledge it, have to figure out what this means.
Tony leans forward and breathes in the smell of Daniel and tries to commit this all to memory.  He’s forgotten the details in the passing years.
She lets him turn the topic back to the next meeting with the board and the impending regulation on the horizon.  Tony focuses on that and not the tracker blinking out of the corner of his eye, showing Steve in the kitchen.  Doesn't touch the keyboard to pull up the video.
Steve carefully takes him in, holding his tea in two hands, even though it's still warm and humid outside, and they have opened the windows.  It's summer at its height.
“I’m sorry I skipped Christmas,” he whispers.  “I know we said we would do the next one, but I’m so sorry.”  Because the next one was delayed until the next year by year, until he finally came one Christmas after Afghanistan, and she couldn’t see Tony in his face when she opened the door, only Howard.
He misses them, Tony knows. But he’s been missing them for longer than this Civil War of theirs.  He scrubs the plate and puts it on the drying rack.
A door creaks open, and Tony turns around.  It’s Steve, smaller, almost painfully smaller and thin.  He looks like he is about to break. “Oh,” tiny Steve says, and this, this is what make Tony nearly smile.  There he is. “Are you Mr. Stark?”
“You’ll make it,” Tony replies, conviction firm in the words.  “There isn’t a timeline where you don’t.”
,” she murmurs into his hair, and Tony feels his heart falter for a moment.  “Oh how we have failed you dearest.”
“It’s really not,” Tony grunts as he dips in and grabs the shield, zig-zagging in the sky hard, trying to shake it off the shield.  When that doesn’t work, he goes up in a straight line, hoping the lack of oxygen does the Skrull in, but it clings onto it tightly. Tony continues to climb, watches as the display tells him he has less and less oxygen, feels himself go lightheaded, and misses the display telling him the power in the suit is failing.
Bruce shrugs as he opens the conversation with FRIDAY on his tablet.  "If I can do it, I can sneak some things I want in there too."
The other had been too busy to bother this with.  Cap with his hunt for the Winter Solider, the missions that had been funneled their way by Maria Hill about various “Avenger level concerns”.  Clint had his family and his golf and retirement, even if he popped by every once in a while to visit.  Wanda had had the never ending well of grief she was trying to train away with her powers, too young and too broken that made Tony ache.
More than a few reporters' attention gets pulled to their buzzing phones, and Tony claps his hands together, jolting a few in the front row. "Okay what questions do you have for me today?"
Tony moves his head to the side so he stares out the wall and presses his hand against stitches again.  He presses and presses until he feel dizzy with the pain, then he hold on a moment longer before he lets go.  “Thought so,” he whispers into the darkness.
He is pressed back under.  This time, his mouth is closed and he holds his breath as long as he can, struggling against the hand on his shoulder, his arms, the back of his head.
They are in one of the many conference rooms in the tower. All the clear glass in the room transitions into tinted when Tony barks out an override. Steve places his hand on the glass and it takes a second for JARVIS to recognize him but then shifts the glass.
If Steve closes his eyes he can see how Clint rolled his eyes at him. "I was on a mission and you know that but you also know exactly what I am talking about here."
Bruce moves to touch his right side and Tony flinches away, jarring him enough that he can feel the pain in the back of his teeth.  “It’s okay,” Bruce says.  We’ll figure it out.”
Maybe he could ask DUMMY to bring up a bottle of whiskey, some ice and glass. But he would probably accidentally add some motor oil it and no one needs to be back in the hospital this week. Vision can't take it. "About the time you went to basic," he answers.
and a chasm of grief reopens in him, crashing over him and trying to pull him back into it’s whirlpool.  The watch beeps.
“Make a path!” a familiar voice yells, and Tony looks to the side, and catches Sharon sprinting forward with a box held tight to her chest.  There is tall grey haired man with a familiar metal arm and leg eating up the ground behind her. He wears a mask like Barnes’ and Tony remembers all the Christmas’ at the Carter-Sousa household where the adults had spoke around things when he was younger.
“The United States ambassador, supported by General Ross.” T’Challa pushes off the wall and takes a few steps closer to her. Natasha can’t read his expression, but that's nothing new to her. “It was thought about, for a while, but then suddenly senators who mentioned it favorably decided to vote against the motion.” His tone shifts, turning musing. “I remember seeing Tony Stark in Germany a lot that month as I shadowed my father.”
He tells Tony the stories he barely remembers.  His mother falling asleep at the edge of his bed, carefully holding his hand just so she could feel his pulse.  The way Bucky would wake him up in the middle of the night, afraid he had stopped breathing for a moment.
When Steve comes into the infirmary, Tony’s sitting in an old worn Metallica tshirt and jeans as Shuri pokes and prods him.  On his right side is a gleaming metal arm, not unfamiliar from Bucky’s, and Steve’s mouth goes dry.  If Shuri pokes the arm enough with the instrument in her hand, the top layer melts away and the wires inside are left exposed.
Tony is completely at ease with the situation, and that’s when Steve realizes he hasn’t seen Tony without his gloves or a long sleeve shirt or jacket since he arrived in New York.
He shifts back, getting ready to stand.  “Sorry to crash the insomnia party Steve.  But I should get back to the grind.”
He doesn't say thank you at the end, just mentions going to bed, and Steve smiles at him, a lopsided tiny thing.  "Sounds good Tony."
Tony fakes an overly dramatic swoon, hand to the forehead and all. "It's like you are trying to be unnecessarily cruel," he accuses after he straightens.
The claw marks look fresh and jagged down the metal. They aren't deep, only surface scratches. It feels like he floats there, because Tony can't remember moving. Can't remember putting down the long emptied glass (that's been refilled maybe one too many times). He slides his fingers down the marks. Down the indents on the metal on the side from where is hit him.
“Could an another emotional reaction like that destroy her?” Steve had asked, eyes dark and worried.
The other man takes a seat across from Tony.  His face is open and the smile is as honest as Tony knows his is.  “What did you want to talk about today?” he asks finally.
“I want to punch you or ask you to fuck me,” Tony replies. “I can’t figure out which, so you make the first move, and I’ll follow.”
"I'm too conspicuous, but I was thinking you could use some of that Cap charm to either convince him to leave this to the professionals or at least gear him up."
Bruce is watching them, arms crossed.  His face is relaxed, and he’s leaning heavily on one of the tables.  There is a smile on his face that Tony catches, and it’s exasperated but inexplicably fond.  Like back when Thor would be explaining one of his large, majestic battles.  Or when Clint was trying to get Cap to believe every baby was microchipped at birth nowadays.  Tony tilts his head to the side. Bruce’s smile widens.
Steve reaches out, and Tony flinches away.  “I killed you,” Tony admits. “I killed you and SHRA wasn’t worth it.  None of it was worth what it cost people.”
Tony doesn't get a chance to ask before he's debating improvements, mind whirring away at the next version, a better version.
And he remember more than he should, holds it close to his chest.  The moments he uses to push the other guys' simmering rage under the surface as he counts his breaths.  The moments before a potential code green.  He's been without an incident in months.  Almost a year.  It's only because he has thing to hold onto, reasons to not that he's been able to handle it that long,
Steve's hair is wet, post shower, and he's quietly asking Pepper questions while he cleans the dishes.  When he looks to Tony, because of course he caught Tony's entrance, he smiles, a small little thing in comparison to an hour earlier.
"Yeah," Steve replies, after a long long time.  He looks down at the guy on the slab, withered away until he looks over 200 years old, barely skin and bones.  He sounds far away, and Tony knows it's not the comms this time.  "Yeah."
“Just A Very Intelligent System,” Steve replies, avoiding the question he can see in Tony’s eyes.  “Peter did it to honor his memory.”
“Let the interns take a run,” Spidey advises as he taps the liquid container for the web fluid. The specs write themselves beside the glowing schematic.  “A few of them have an idea they are running with in their downtime.”
She laughs, and leaves her hand on his cheek.  “I did a few things before I ran, but yes, exactly.  But I saw what my country was becoming, what my world was going to become, so I reached back out.  I saved as many people as I could.”
If he thinks too hard, it’s like before, right before.  He’s still not all there. There is something nagging him, but he feels under water.  In the clouds. Like there is something he is skipping, missing. Tony is missing something, and it feels like a limb.  But he’s counts, subtly twitching fingers and toes and knows he still has them. There isn’t something he’s missing.
Jarvis would putter around, nervously watching the women in his life bond. Howard would have a cigarette in his mouth, a drink in hand and look up every once in awhile from his sketches strewn across the coffee table, his eyes soft and fond.
He glances at Tony a few times as he sips another cup of coffee.  Everything about Steve is bland like he knows Tony is buzzing apart, repeating,
Tony pulls up the schematics, tugging them from behind five billion other windows that he really needs to clean up, but whatever.  "Okay, the lab is on the third floor.  You've got about five heat signatures between you and the stairwell, which is on your right by the way, third door.  If you wait about forty second and you can make the way in less than a minute, you'll slip in without anyone seeing  you."
Rihan, dark skinned with bright eyes steps forward.  “I lost my leg two years ago in Kurdistan.  I have a prosthetic, but if we can make metal armor, why can’t we make a leg that could match my other?  So we created this beauty.”
, Tony thinks bleakly.  And he remembers the gunshot ringing out, the blood staining his hands, Sharon blank eyed.  He remembers the funeral, too much, too soon, tears on his face. He remembers sitting with the body, withered and old like Steve should never have been.  He remembers saying,
We completed Phase 1.  Security has dealt with the logistics of the situation, but it has been achieved.
“Anything else,” he continues quieter, like it’s just something he only wants the two of them to hear.  No one else. Not even the walls. “It’ll happen if it’s supposed to.”
"You look worn down Tony," Rhodes says from his place at the beam when Tony comes into the complex, jacket already lost somewhere. Vision is standing near enough in case he needs to help Rhodey, but after a few iterations on the exoskeleton, he's steadier on his feet.
No one says anything for a long time.  All of it hangs between them as they realize just how badly this could have gone.  Just how close they were to be held down an experimented on.  Natasha fists her hands to hide how bad she is shaking.  All she can hear is the squeaking wheel of the gurney during her graduation ceremony.
He clears his throat and continues, “And now I’ve lost you too.  Maybe,” he pause and takes in a deep breath. “Maybe there was a reason you had to be on the other side of every argument.  How could you be my runner steering me when others couldn’t…”
He heads to the library, following the music to where he knows she is.  Knows it deep in his soul, and it feels like his heart is beating out of his chest, and Tony just wants to ignore the heaviness in his belly that will turn to tugging and yanking and stay here in this moment forever.
“You’re not supposed to admit it!” Peter cries before turning back to Tony, shoulders slumping, “Yeah we were.”
Natasha nods, and everyone in the room, even T’Challa stills. “We have evidence of a work, if malfunctioning to the point of killing the subject after a few months prototype from 3 years ago. Who knows what level it’s at now, since it looks like Sitwell never killed the project when he infiltrated Oscorp.”
They are shooting for the battle in Wakanda. Steve can blend in as another soldier and Tony hadn't been there. They can ask Strange to merge the two versions back after and no one will be the wiser about time travel or anything else.
Thor had looked out at the dark sky, thunder rolling and lightening rippling across the sky in arcs.  Almost like the arc reactor in SI had, before he had thrown Obie through it. “That is the brighter outlook.  It will probably only end with a few of us left behind and no chance to stop what comes next.”)
Memories I didn't get to use and honestly were never long enough to elaborate on.  (I have a separate doc from the chapters of plot with only memory ideas.  Yes my google docs are a hot mess.)
once to Rhodes, who watches him so closely, Steve is only a small percentage sure that Rhodes can’t burn him alive with his gaze alone.  A very small percentage.
.  He’s used to the easy reach, the mere thought, and things being at his fingertips.  The suit doesn’t even respond to him. It’s cut off from him, slow to respond and he’s slow to trigger manual processes that he had forgotten were automated.
Steve raises an eyebrow before coming forward and plucking the marker from Tony’s hands.  “Let’s get you back to looking,” he sniffs and then winces, “and smelling like a normal person.”
“Oh,” he looks at Peggy, eyes wide.  She tilts her head, and it’s like he’s twelve again and she’s reminding him how to work through a tough problem.
Steve’s laughing when Tony pulls back to watch Steve’s eyes crinkle. “I like you Steve Rogers,” he admits breathlessly. It feels like the arc reactor is constricting his heart, even though Tony knows that isn’t what’s happening.
There is no one there, just him, and as he looks down at his hand, he can see he’s out of the suit.  Just himself, wearing nothing.
When Tony was small, and Howard was out in the Arctic searching with Maria at his side, he would follow Jarvis around during his tasks.  The wrangling of the pat of flamingos that had taken over the pool area in Beverly Hills.
But he thinks about how Peggy and Howard had bent their heads together around the anniversary of Steve’s disappearance and clung to each other’s hands.  How Howard had looked and looked for Steve, and sometimes he wonders if this isn’t another similarity he has with his father.
Steve props himself up on his elbow. “You think all of this?” he waves to Tony’s rapidly cooling body, “was because I was trying to babysit you?”
Steve’s throat is dry, and he thinks he isn’t he isn’t he isn’t on loop but it won’t move his tongue, the denial. It just sits there, heavy on his throat weighing him down until Steve thinks he is sinking in the feeling of it.
Tony never believed that Steve was inhuman, but he's too good.  Always right.  And something in Tony itches at that.  Wants to play the other side, prove Steve to be human.  That he is fallible.
They don't talk about it.  They never talk about it.  Steve burns with wanting to know, but he doesn't ask.  Remembers the pale shade of Tony's face and shoves the words back down.
"When I was younger, my family, we would all get together in the summer.  It was Peggy's place.  She had inherited from her Dad.  It's probably in Sharon's name.  We should go up there some time." Steve's hand tightens for a moment.  "Oh right back on track.  We used to go up there and it was the few times a year I got to see my Uncle Daniel.  He would take me aside and show me the fields, the forest.  Teach me about plants and taking care of the land and ourselves.  He and I were inseparable every summer until the one he died.”
“We have to work under the assumption Thanos can sense the powers of the stones somehow,” Strange returns.  “If he has come to Earth, to Wakanda, he can detect them on some level. And while I could pass off the stone, I don’t know if the others can say they can.”
(They are standing in the compound, filled with their friends, tentative alliances edging into true partnership.  Becoming a family, maybe, if they had had more time. Tony knows he will end up being the last person in the building when they leave.  He is the one who takes the last look around the building, hearing the echoes of friends long gone.
Tony had said something about getting back before he turned into a pumpkin when he had appeared again.  Makeup had given his face a strange sheen and Rhodey had teased him endlessly all the way to the door of the elevator.  It had felt comfortable, the most comfortable the whole group had been since he had come back.
He can barely breathe as she disappears into nothing, and Tony barely knows why exactly.  Steve shifts in the chair beside him, turning his face towards the light, so Tony can inspect him closer.
Tony wants to argue that point.  Wants to tell him that Steve is losing.  Has been losing for a while because Tony is useless and worthless.  Instead he pushes the thought away and just leans into Steve. Takes the moment like it’s the last one he’s got.
The gauntlet powers up, and the shield come flying at him. He reaches out with the left hand and catches it with both. His arms shakes and the rim of the shield suddenly looks like it's from above instead of in front of him.
Peter pulls back, eventually, embarrassed, and looking at the exits again.  Tony gives him the reprieve.  "Anyways, I'm pretty sure Rhodey has adopted you so good luck getting rid of that limplet.  He's stuck through some crazy shit with me."
"Yes Master Anthony?" Oh Jarvis. He had forgotten how Jarvis looked. Impossibly tall, kind eyes, grey and wrinkled, but like comfort, like home.
The eye looks like a normal eye when Tony peers towards him.  There is no sheen of a contact lens or the giveaway glow of activated bio hardware.  So if it’s also not a transplanted eye since it matches the left one and there is no suspicious lumps for a chip or anything, or the concern of nanobots this is bio-organic extension of the doctor.
Steve stands there, paint brush in his hand.  The old ones, wooden with bristles that are fraying from age and use.  Tony has to wonder if today’s world even uses them. If this is just Steve clinging to a semblance of the past, like he used to back in the day with the old Brooklyn apartment.
There is a shadow lurking in the corner of the kitchen. Tony knows it’s Steve because he’s the only one in the tower right now, between missions to find Bucky. They’ve fallen into a comfortable rhythm since SHIELD went down in a splash. Usually, Steve finds him after his workout loose limbed and water still clinging to his hair. They talk about anything or nothing until Steve reaches out, and Tony follows until they find the nearest surface and work through everything in their systems.
Tony smiles, a little fondly, at the other man.  They had spoken about his country during the long days working on the accords.  T’Challa had spoken about how Wakanda was not just some barbarians fighting each other for dominance.  There was honor is being a warrior, being part of a clan. And how the clans helped each other, lending a hand, an ecosystem working in near perfect harmony.  Building each other up, moving forward towards progress and peace.
It can, and they both know it, but Steve doesn't say anything, just nods before picking up some paints to mix them. Tony steps back to his desk and gets to work, chattering away with FRIDAY.
"Some of the stupidests of shit piles," he replies. "I found Cap and his friend. We found the guy behind the bombings in Vienna. We split up and went our separate ways and I am coming home."
"Some days," Steve replies, shrugging inelegantly as Tony studies him. "But I feel comfortable in other places too."
“Sir?” He pauses before taking stock of Tony’s rock t-shirt and jeans.  “Who?” He trails off before looking for a weapon. Then he realizes how close Tony is to Ana and crosses the yard, trying to put her behind him and away from Tony.
He puts his hands up and steps closer into the light.  Peggy takes the shot, and the bullet pings dully off his suit.  “Hey I just made this suit,” he yelps. “Can you not scratch it Peggy?”  With a tilt of his head, his helmet collapses down neatly, and Peggy is taken aback for a moment before her face hardens.  “Howard Stark is too dead and Tony is too young, so who the hell are you?”
“So what was this?” Tony asks as they finally dress.  “Drunken mistake?”  Steve turns after he puts on the shirt.
Wanda comes back to the Avengers.  She is careful in a way she wasn’t before, Tony can tell from the old videos from the battles.  Pietro sticks close to her, never leaving her orbit until his death fifteen years later. She doesn’t crumple this time at his death.  She falters but stays strong, keeps on target.
He’s trying to weaken them, Tony knows, and then pick them off when they are exhausted.  But Thanos doesn’t know them. Doesn’t know they don’t get tired. They can keep doing this all day.  This is
He blacks out for a moment and comes to wheezing, feeling every breath hurt in the familiar feeling of broken ribs. The suit reminds him he has little to no power left in it, and Tony mutters, “Warn SHIELD I am disabled and need back up.”  There is no response, and he listens to his call for help echo without anyone picking it up.
Tony pulls him in close, tears in his eyes and trying to hide it.  “I can’t lose you kid,” he says, lowly. “There are a lot of things I can take, but losing you isn’t one.”
“The ice killed some of your brain cells,” the team of doctors say as they show him a 3D image of his brain.  There are areas of his brain lit up brightly and others dimly. Tony knows where this is going.
Afterwards, he perches back in his seat.  He grabs the rag from before and scrubs the design down until it gleams of copper instead of the black marker.  He studies his multi-colored lego prototype before nodding to himself.  The design matches.
Falcon gets an unlucky hit in the temple, and Cap roars even though there is no sound as Falcon goes down under two or three soldiers pulling at him.  But there are some explosions, and Black Widow slides into view, sleek and deadly as she takes out the nearest group with her bites.
They return to him, and Tony’s checking his diagnostics when there is a roar below him.  Hoodie comes flying at him, bladed end of his weapon first and Tony edges higher before opening up fire on his open back.
Reed holds his gaze for a long moment before saying, “Okay.  But the second you take out the three Skrulls down there, you head back to New York and help us finish this.”
“Please brother,” Shuri waves carelessly.  “If I was going to have Tony Stark address me by a title, I would go by Chief Innovator of the Wakandan Design Branch.”
They do that a lot now.  Hug. Tony takes the moment and smells the paint on Steve’s shirt and sweat, feeling the warmth of his body underneath Tony’s hands.
“I lost the kid,” Tony says, stumbling and Steve catches him, like he hasn’t been able to do a hundred times. Like he had done before a million times.
, before the helicopter comes up, side open and he neatly falls into the open seat. It's jarring, don't get him wrong, but it at least gets him in something moving. He places the shield in the seat beside him, and presses the button on the center console to remove the suit. It melts away, and he has to take too cold breathes that nearly cause him to hyperventilate.
“Enough for one normal heart,” Steve utters before kissing Tony like it’s they don’t have any time left, and maybe they don’t.  Maybe they have years, but Tony doesn’t know that.  He wouldn’t want to anyway.  He would rather spend every day like it’s his last.  Kissing Steve, working on his projects, and not letting fear grip his heart.
Still Tony looks across the battlefield and meets Steve’s eyes.  He smiles softly, and something drops in Steve’s face.  He turns back to his fight and pushes harder faster until he takes down the Chitauri overrunning him and starts running towards him.
“You act like I’m doing this on purpose to annoy you,” Tony replies.  “By the way, your ‘You are getting on my nerves face’ is exactly the same in twenty years.  Nice to see some things don’t ever change.”
One of the three is getting up, so Steve drops the guy in his arms carelessly and slams a knee into guy's jaw.  He collapses, and the other two upright guys look at each other and the one guy moaning about the bullet that his his bulletproof vest.  They grab the guy and start dragging him out.
“Was he happier?” Tony asks, twisting the blanket between his hands before he sits up and hunches over.
The being reaches out and touched his cheek, and there is a ripple of something through Tony’s body.  He calms, like he knows what is coming, even though he isn’t sure. “We’re bonded, you and I. We’ve known about you before the universe even began to put your conception on track.  I know your every atom. I wasn’t going to submerge you in the powers of the stone and burn you out.” It grins, sharp and filled with too many teeth. “I, we, all of us, like you Tony Stark.”
Tony grins at that, and she can imagine it, bloody on a battlefield as he challenges the next villain to kill him instead of someone innocent. Instead of
The other man straightens up as his face clears. “Good.  I don’t need to deal with you shooting yourself up the second I walk away from you.”
Natasha hadn’t wanted to admit it but Bruce leaving had been a wound to her as much as Tony.  Her steadily increasing mission time has been enough of a sign for even Tony to notice.  Thor had been gone, but he won’t have understood, and Sam was too new for Tony to even get beyond “hello”.
He lurches away from the table, grabs his glass and goes back to the bottle of whiskey. "FRIDAY, show me Mark 15 of the exoskeleton." He says as he pours himself another drink.
Steve’s breath catches, and he stays carefully still. Tony rolls his eyes, and says, “Are you going to kiss me?”
"Don't leave me," Steve says in a hoarse voice.  His eyes are brighter than before and there is something in his eyes.
Tony scoffs.  “Talked?  When the hell have we ever talked around here.  We save the world, have a few socializing events and then disperse.  Or that’s it seems to work for me.  I notice all the SHIELD kids buddying up together.”
Mom though, she would clutch him close and pepper him with kisses.  He learned to focus on his mother in the stories Ana told.  He would ask about Maria's days as a famous musician.  Her days before him.
Young Tony tilts his head, "Friendship seems to be something that either is or isn't. There is no passive state of friendship."
He'll need to tell FRIDAY. He needs schematics, a couple of context diagrams, white papers - and there is sudden movement from Rhodey's direction.
“You don’t,” Tony retorts, bitter and fighting the urge to go to his knees and blink.  “You can’t stop this. It’s not something you do.”
“It’s okay, “ Peggy says, trying to calm everyone.  Maria looks ready to ask questions Tony won’t answer, and Tony looks at her, daring her to ask.  “We don’t need to know any more. We know enough to solve the problem.”
Tony waves to king.  “Let’s go have this discussion in the conference room.”  Both Vision and Bruce eye him at that, and Tony knows they will have FRIDAY tuning into the video feeds outside the room.
Because that chip was a prototype.  It was used to create a machine created version instead of his PCB that was placed in the Stark Industries first personal computer, sleek and chrome and
Clint’s on the roof, observing it all.  He grips something tightly in his hand, and Tony watches them all for a few minutes, alive and moving.  Clint looks up, shading his eyes in the sun, before Tony shuts off the feed.
It’s his tone that does it. Definitive. Sureness that gives it all away. Tony connects the dots. “They had the Winter Solider do it.”
Tony finishes the device one morning, too early. Steve's up though. He's up early often, contemplating the light and drinking a smoothie, while he shifts through images in his head.
“Any bad guy?” Tony trails off.  “No, aliens!” He grins and looks to his mother who has frozen.  Jarvis’ eyes nervously dart from him to her, and Tony’s brow furrows.  “Wouldn’t it be cool to meet an alien Mama? What if they are green? Or orange?  Or purple?”
