John nodded in resignation. It was a mystery why Sherlock had planned all this so elaborately.
“I think,” Mycroft intervened, his brows knitted together in an alarmed frown, “for the purpose of clarity, he didn’t mean ‘talking’ altogether, just talking about your specific view of their personal situation.”
John looked at the face of the woman he’d married. Then at ‘Susan Lee’.
John was now making delicious small, short movements, his bum still firmly encaged by Sherlock’s hands. John closed his eyes for a moment, as if in painful resignation. “God, Sherlock, I love you so much,” he all but sobbed, his nostrils wide like he was fighting something inside him that was about to overwhelm him. Sherlock loved how arousal transformed John into a completely new person, desperate and defenceless, and he happily let his head fall to the side as John started showering one side of his face and neck with kisses.
Sherlock’s bed was without any doubt the most agreeable bed John had ever lain in. Although admittedly, that might have had something to do with both the comfort of a certain presence in this bed and the invariable fervency of the lovemaking that usually took place before John actually went to sleep.
was the reason he had been put away and had not gotten to see Sherlock for several decades.
He said nothing and looked back to John – partly disappointed, partly relieved.
, Miss
Sherlock mostly just nodded and smiled.
When they were finally home and having a cup of tea in their respective chairs, John realised with a start that their reservation at The Golden Beehive was in less than two hours. It had completely slipped his mind to tell Sherlock about the owner’s phone call.
“You mean the old one with the
Irene smiled.
A clock ticked softly in the background.
He watched John’s chest rise and fall for a while, then contentedly dozed off again.
“Not much,” John replied, wearily. “Although it has to be said he does like them young.”
“Anyway, this old pal, Ajay, was after her and wanted revenge, because he thought she’d been the one to betray their mission,” Sherlock went on. “He was looking for the pen drive so he could trace her. I told her this, upon which she fled to Morocco. We followed her, but unfortunately Ajay followed
Sherlock woke up gasping for breath, soaked in sweat and with his legs tangled in the sheets.
He heard a soft chuckle in his ear in reply.
for him. But, as it would certainly be hard to explain why he was visiting the supposed murderer of his wife, he’d figured he needed to be someone else when he went.
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair. “Let me just arrange something,” he said, typing on his phone to send some texts.
“We’re still friends. Sometimes we text,” Sherlock shrugged, picking up his phone and checking the new message. “She just reminded me of something important.” Sherlock smiled. “July 7. Happy birthday John. I’m… sorry I didn’t get you anything.” He briefly pressed his lips together.
He’d always wanted to dance. The only reason he’d stopped, back in his uni years, was that he hadn’t been able to stand his new teacher, and there hadn’t been any other class.
How this conversation is going to go, he has no idea. All he knows is, it’s not going to take place as long as he hangs around in this pub with Greg. And he’s honestly not sure how much more time he can bear to spend in limbo.
. “The truth is, I’ve never actually felt like this for any other bloke before. You just swept me right off my feet the minute I laid eyes on you, Sherlock Holmes, and I’ve been trying to ignore those feelings ever since. I became quite good at it, actually. I thought there wasn’t a chance in hell you’d ever be interested.”
John plonked himself down on the familiar sofa and toed off his shoes, weary but secretly pleased to immediately be drawn into the endorphin-inducing rush of a hot case.
“Yes, fine. It’s just… She was a truly remarkable woman,” Sherlock said, trying not to spill new tears.
He’d shadowed John for a few days, had gotten to know him quite a bit, from a distance. John Watson was easy-going, sportsmanlike, jovial, quite popular within his small group of friends. Very considerate and gentlemanlike on one occasion (which is when Sherlock first had very much started to doubt John’s possible involvement in the crime he was trying to solve, but of course you should never draw any conclusions based on such hunches).
Sherlock looked small and guilty. He averted his gaze. “No, no. It’s fine. I knew it was a bad idea. It’s just… the only thing I could think of. I’m sorry.” He was blinking furiously. “I can’t seem to think up any proper ideas anymore. I’ve been trying practically full-time to come up with a way to catch her
John looked back at Sherlock from under his brows with a somewhat apprehensive smile, his head hesitantly tilted downwards.
They were trying to spare him, John knew. He should really be interrogated, just as Sherlock was being right now. But he had just lost his wife. His wonderful, lovely, sassy wife – an image he’d actively helped keep up in the past months.
. (Not to mention Sherlock’s
Mrs Hudson’s sister nodded. “And you can come and visit me to look at it in my house, whenever you like,” she added.
Contrary to the previous days, that Wednesday dawned bright and sunny, making Sherlock and John even decide to leave their jackets at home. Holdernesse Hall turned out to be in the middle of renovations and building work when they arrived. The mansion was situated in a large clearing of a wooded area, an immense and immaculate lawn, geometrically interspersed with whipped-cream shaped buxus shrubs and two picturesque fountains left and right. Part of the Hall itself was covered with roses, most of them already blooming. To the right wall, there was scaffolding with men in hard hats and orange vests apparently replacing whole windows on all floors, and further across the lawn the stables were also undergoing some sort of renovation, with men carrying construction materials in and out.
“Come in.” His voice sounded funny, but he didn’t care. He stood up and walked over to where John was appearing from behind the door, and without any hesitation Sherlock fell straight into his arms before the man was even properly inside the flat. “John,” he breathed.
“How is Mycroft, by the way?”
The ability of Sherlock’s senses to function normally seemed to have evaporated. Every bone in his body felt different, his eyes prickled and there was a strange pounding in his ears. He could do nothing but gaze at John, whose soft grey-brown eyes just stared back at him, patient, waiting for him to process it all, while obviously also still assessing the situation himself – clearly still somewhat on his guard.
“You’re not just going to stand there, are you?” John asked, keeping his eyes closed.
Not any man’s voice.
Btw I just want to say in advance that I hope that nobody thinks that either me or John is mixing up cross-dressers with transgender people, because we’re not! Just so you know. :)
Sherlock’s capacity to astonish had just reached a whole new level.
Sherlock gently patted his brother’s back until his breathing became steady again.
John felt anger rise inside him, as he remembered how he’d ended up in that well in the first place.
Sherlock nodded absently and heaved a long breath.
“Pancreatic cancer.” She shrugged. “I can take the blame,” she continued stoically. “I don’t want to see my only nephew go to jail over eliminating a horrible murderer who never deserved any better.”
“Well, I suppose it is quite a big coincidence, him giving you that painting. I see what you mean…” she trailed off.
It seemed he shouldn’t have tried quite so hard to let go of his paranoia and general suspicion.
“Even though,” she went on, “no announcement has been made as of yet to fix anything
“Alright, I'll be right on it, in a minute. Listen, this is some crazy case. We might need some of your help later on.”
“Yes. I handle the bookings of receptions, private parties and such, and I organise the catering.
After a minute, though, Sherlock pulled away, uncomfortable. He was starting to get hard and would rather die than have John notice. “Listen, John,” he said, sitting up. “I think… I think we should maybe talk about what we want and don’t want out of this… relationship… that we’re in now. Please tell me if there’s, er… certain things you don’t want to happen.”
Since last autumn – after she’d shot Sherlock in the chest and her true nature had come to light, tearing down the fragile domestic life John had carefully built for himself – Sherlock and John had been working together practically full-time, trying to either find hard evidence on Mary’s past crimes or to catch her in the act of one of the offences they knew she was still habitually committing. They’d thought they’d have her behind bars within a few weeks. Because that was the one place she belonged.
He bought things for the new apartment he was soon going to move to, like a clock and a plant, as well as some new clothes.
He had already mourned the loss of his wife a long time ago.
* * * * *
“Yes?”
Sometimes, John asked Sherlock whether a certain memory was real or just part of his coma dream, and Sherlock would tell John everything he knew about the matter until John was comforted. Several times, Sherlock found John staring at him with eyes full of apprehension and bewilderment, refusing to say what was wrong. Then Sherlock would tell John he loved him, after which John always sighed in relief, and admitted to Sherlock he’d been afraid that had not been real.
Sherlock rolled onto his right side to face John and pulled him close, hugging him tightly. He was amazed at the sensation of full-body, skin-to-skin contact and it sent a ripple of pure delight through him.
“I did no such thing, don’t worry,” Sherlock replied smoothly. Then, turning his attention back to Violet, “The main thing is that
“I didn’t get it up too much... er... I didn’t get up to much, I mean. I just watched some... telly.”
Sherlock had told him quite a lot about his parents lately, and how awkward they could sometimes be in social settings – especially his mother. They'd also talked elaborately about why Sherlock thought they had autism, so John wasn't overly surprised by his mother’s lack of tact. But it was a different thing altogether being personally subjected to it for the first time.
He shook his head and rested his temple on his fist. He was being ridiculous again and he knew it.
Flimsy, perhaps, but it would have to do.
Tomorrow he would reserve two tables at The Ledbury for the day after.
It was just a matter of waiting till the storm had passed. Until he wasn’t expected to mourn his wife so much anymore, and his guilt over shooting her (and having allowed his aunt to take the blame) had faded a little and didn’t come crashing down over him in such unexpectedly big waves any longer – and then he could pick up his life from there.
Being alone was okay. Alone with cats and paint.
After some silence, Sherlock decided to try a different subject. “Someone told me the theories in your book, ‘The Dynamics of Combustion’, weren’t actually your own.”
Then, he’d casually changed the subject, as if undergoing torture at the hands of Serbian criminals had all been part of his day job sacrificing himself for the Greater Good.
He then felt two hands on either side of his head, holding him inches away from John’s face. John looked at him as if he were watching water burn. It took a while before any words came out of his mouth, and when they did, he was just repeating what Sherlock had said. “You think I don’t love you anymore, because I haven’t made love to you in over a week?”
Mary had had an impressive ability of hiding certain skill sets and presenting an array of uncannily convincing personalities, according to what was convenient to her, without any regard for the emotional consequences.
“What, two weeks ago?” John asked.
“Exactly.”
John really was getting better at deductions, Sherlock thought, pleased.
Nevertheless, in spite of all this, Sherlock still couldn’t quite reconcile himself with his own satisfied and light-hearted mood now that John was alone again. Was he being insensitive again by not feeling sad for him?
So they’d made a bet.
Just as he started hastily leafing through their cook books in order to try to find a suitable recipe, Sherlock stopped him.
John’s head did feel painful, especially the area above his eyes. Then, an image came back to him of his therapist pointing a gun at his face. But how about the well? How and when had he ended up down there?
“Really? You’re accepting a gift from Mycroft? Just like that?” John scoffed, smirking. “What’s next? A knighthood?”
And suddenly Sherlock’s head snapped up.
“Wait. So you’ve never actually done this before?” John asked.
. Look at me. We don’t have to do this.”
They were both going to be in recovery mode for another couple of months. But since Sherlock had started recovering first, he reckoned he should be better first, as well.
Sherlock was crouched over the tabletop, busy rearranging his insect collection. Several empty boxes were freshly marked with words like ‘parasites’, ‘weather indicators’ and ‘non-indigenous’.
It then occurred to John that he should probably write something on his blog about Mary’s death, because it might be strange if he didn’t.
“I’ll go make some. Have a seat. Oh, I’m Sherlock, by the way.”
me if it does.”
This sent a spark through John’s insides and annulled all ability of restraint. A fierce energy flowed through him as he swiftly pushed Sherlock’s knees towards his shoulders and carefully but eagerly entered him.
“I just realised I still look like a would-be cross-dresser; and a rather unconvincing one at that. Whereas
don’t feel pressured.
He himself would be the bait.
So how, then?
So that’s what they did.
And then there had been this stupid longing for a child.
Her mouth was still open, but no more sound was coming from it.
“Seeing as what?”
An enormous weight seemed to lift from his heart.
“John, I need you to do exactly as I tell you,” Sherlock had said. “Please. It’s of the utmost importance.”
did she even know that we were here?!” John demanded, whispering frantically. “She was supposed to still be in Morocco.”
John breathing through the breathing tube.
* * * * *
Molly’s mouth fell open.
Sherlock steepled his fingers thoughtfully. “It really is,” he agreed.
* * * * *
He must have blacked out after that.
Sherlock walked around the table, gesturing towards it. “So you’ve had another one of your little meetings.” He smiled humourlessly at Smith.
. Hadn’t people learnt not to give psychopaths unlimited access to places with vulnerable people just because they donated to ruddy charity?
did… I think it’s the single most despicable crime a person can commit, especially against a
That meant John could wake up tomorrow or the day after.
-- I’ve just conveyed the lecture to her. She says ‘ba’. :) J
“Indeed I can’t.” Sherlock put down his knife and fork and looked at John. “I know this is probably stupid, after so many years, but I feel I need to find out the exact truth. Discover what really happened when Redbeard died. Things simply don’t add up.” He shook his head in frustration.
As soon as the cogwheels in his head started turning again, hundreds of slots subsequently clicked into place – like loose ends suddenly connected – and he saw the entire last five years in a different light, making it clear as day that he had been making a wealth of wrong assumptions the whole time he’d known John. It was like unexpectedly landing on a different planet.
He smiled as he studied the unfamiliar cracks in the ceiling of the room, and the view out of the window from here. Judging by the angle of the shadows on the neighbouring building, it was about midday.
“Back to normal.” Well, almost, anyway.
As Sherlock made to turn away and continue their walk, John stopped him. “Hey.” He reached for Sherlock’s hand and gave it a gentle squeeze.
Normal was good. Excellent, in fact.
“Oh, come
Poor Molly. This was so awkward for her. She had no idea what was going on.
Sherlock had managed to have the pastry chef decorate a lemon sponge cake with swirling letters saying ‘Happy Birthday John’ and slap on an edible, cartoonish image of a knight on a white horse, below – much to everyone’s amusement.
His brain went into full overdrive mode.
“Yes, sweetie pie,” John cooed back at her. “Next week, we’re going away on holiday! Your very first treasure hunt. Even if we don’t find the shiny black pearl, it will still be loads of fun. Because it’ll be the three of us together.”
“There were five main suspects...” Sherlock went on, unperturbed.
“You’re turning forty the month after next!” John had exclaimed. “Surely that calls for a party. We can invite some friends over, celebrate properly.” John had given him a meaningful look. “To compensate for all the years you haven’t.”
He smirked, and checked his notifications. Just as he heard the shower being turned off and he was about to get up and tell John about Eurus, a retweet caught his eye.
For a brief moment, John warily looked at Sherlock from the corners of his eyes, then away again.
being out of touch with you, John,” Mycroft said sternly. “Please don’t ever try it again. Unless you mean it.”
Like a comic, he drew one scene per sheet, laying them all in a row in front of him as he finished each one.
Just then, the doorbell rang, giving Sherlock a convenient excuse not to respond.
“No it isn’t. Now will you just get on with it,” Sherlock retorted languidly as he blindly handed John the lube behind his back.
“My father has access to this kind of memory blocking drug,” she said. “He has used it on me, and several other people, when he wanted to confess something. During this session, three years ago, my father told me he wanted to kill someone. One word, Mr Holmes, and it changed my world forever.”
decided to start therapy again, after all. So perhaps not that well.
, okay?
“New information: she’s out.” John’s voice still sounded a little raspy.
“I see,” Sherlock said. “Just out of curiosity: since when has he had cats?”
Right there, on that bathroom floor, he swore to himself that he would always keep loving John, even if John did in fact no longer love him back. At any rate, the whole plan to propose to him seemed ridiculous now and he certainly wasn’t going to follow through on that and make a fool out of himself. Instead, he thought, reluctantly, he’d better focus on getting used to the idea that he might very soon be by himself again, back to the way it had always been, which was probably a more natural state for him to be in, anyway.
“Yes?” Mycroft sounded vaguely concerned.
John had given a specific time not just so that the doorbell wouldn’t wake up Rosie during her nap, but because he would be away. Visiting Mrs Norbury, of course.
He sighed, deciding he needed to go shopping. Buy a new fake chin, or a beard. Something that would really change his face, so that he didn’t look so much like his damn self, with his stupid cheekbones and his ridiculous cupid’s bow.
Sherlock felt a deep shame creeping up on him. His resolve never to do drugs again multiplied tenfold.
* * * * *
“Hey, Greg, mate! How are you doing?” John asked, walking over to where Greg stood smoking. At least they were in the shade.
Sherlock stared at him, uncomprehending. “What’s there to come to terms with for you? I’m stained, and that’s not going to change, John. I’m damaged goods, always will be.”
As he got up and took his umbrella, Mycroft seemed to remember something and turned back around to Sherlock. “Oh, by the way, I’ve decided to trust your judgment regarding Eurus and resolved to relieve Hannah of duty the day after the funeral. Daniel will stay on downstairs for another two weeks, just in case, but at least you two will finally have some much deserved privacy. Enjoy it.” He raised one eyebrow, smiling, and left.
John frowned, letting the facts sink in. “So... this Violet is about to inherit a fortune without her knowing it,” he muttered. “These guys, or one of them, somehow found out about this and decided to actually
At the table, Smith was picking a bit of cereal from his teeth while a wardrobe mistress adjusted his shirt and a make-up artist stroked a brush through her tin of powder.
Chloe pointed a little chubby finger in the direction of her mother’s vaguely smiling face on the passport photo. “Da,” she said, flatly.
John shivered.
Sherlock put his arms around the two of them, pressing kisses to their cheeks. “I promise I won’t let you down. I’ll be there for both of you, forever.” His voice sounded oddly rough to his own ears.
“For now, shall we just book hotels only in the first three places she went to, with one day in between,” John suggested, “and then we can decide how fast and how far to travel further north once we’re there. Does that sound like a plan to you?”
“Sherlock, that is the most ridiculous and utter nonsense that I have ever heard.” John sounded annoyed now. “Where in heaven’s name did you get the idea that…”
They still didn’t speak when they walked through the corridors back to the entrance hall.
John pressed his lips together and nodded non-committedly.
(See the end of the chapter for
They must have changed the subject without John noticing.
“It’s Janine, now,” John dryly corrected him.
His fingers were trembling when he hung up the phone. As were his lips.
They walked from the little station in Epping to the tea garden in companionable silence, enjoying the peace and quiet, and the sound of leaves rustling in the summer breeze.
Sherlock had mostly observed Sherrinford’s face as the others crowded round the table with the drawings laid out once more in rows of chronological order. Sherrinford had seemed puzzled by his family’s interest and their obvious reaction of shock to what they saw depicted. Sherlock had stood aside and watched the others struggle to somehow convey their apologies and regrets for having misunderstood him for all those years, but without being able to use words.
Hannah took her in her arms and hurried back down the stairs, calling to John, “Rosie’s fine!”
Molly frowned. “You really think he fancies me?”
And Sherlock couldn’t really blame John for dreaming such things.
“Go?” John opened his eyes again. “After all these days sitting by my side in a hospital room, you’re not going to leave me alone
serious?” He walked away again. “I’ve played along with this joke. It’s not funny anymore. No...
Sherlock was silent while they ate, his thoughts haphazardly jumping between the Moriarty case, sex with John, and what happened to Redbeard.
So they ended up going out for chips together. If he could save a life, even in this unorthodox fashion, he needed to do it.
As ridiculous as Sherlock had always thought it to find one person the most beautiful and amazing in the world above all others, he was now finally reaching the point where he was giving up all resistance to these kinds of feelings.
Mrs. Hudson stepped over the threshold, pointing at him with a tiny box she was holding. “I think what you need more than anything is
John stopped in his tracks and stared at him blankly.
Knowing that he would be lost in his Mind Palace for a while, John casually stepped closer to Molly and said, “He really likes you, you know. Greg. I noticed at the wedding he couldn’t stop looking at you.”
Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to answer. Instead, he just nodded and kept walking, towards the cab that would take them home, where he could descend into his Mind Palace to try and find the boy and bring him back to safety.
“John, are you really sure?” Sherlock asked, shakily.
“It’s true,” John said softly. “Everything is completely different, yet the same.”
“I did.”
He chuckled to himself, cheeks heating, then languidly took another sip of tea, continuing to scroll the Twitter feed.
Sherlock’s father nodded understandingly.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked, suddenly realising it was the polite thing to offer.
Right.
“I’m awake now, anyway, love.”
John scrambled off of Sherlock. “Sherlock, are you sure this is--?”
John could only blink.
- - THE END - -
It had taken Sherlock some convincing over the course of several weeks before John agreed he would try to fake ‘talking things out’ with Mary, or whatever her name was, and staying with her for the last couple of weeks of the pregnancy and the first couple of weeks of the infant’s life. Together with Sherlock, he’d prepared what to say to her that would convince her he’d forgiven her without him actually having to utter a lie.
But this was what her life had become, and she was fine with that, really. It gave her a purpose, if nothing else.
Sherlock was his.
“How the
. Somehow, lying on top of the spawn of all evil and steadily thrusting into her as she lay there, so very willingly – and harmless – was one of the more satisfactory elements of his current life. Exceedingly satisfactory, in fact.
(Just in time, she’d repressed the automatic reflex of grabbing her wallet as well to offer him a small bribe, as would be customary to speed things up back home in Russia. But she wasn’t back home in Russia. She was back home in the UK, she reminded herself.)
‘It is now,’ Mycroft said.
John wasn’t certain he was entirely fit to merely be an objective observer here. “Can I... touch your cock?” he asked breathlessly.
“Um, now, I’ll tell you what. You-you’ve got to be really, really brave for me.”
Sherlock smiled at Bob without replying. Then, as he started to turn away, he said, “I will leave you two to enjoy the rest of your evening now. Order what you like, by the way; it’s on the house. Good-bye.”
John stopped in the middle of the room. “Oh, that’s… that’s a really nice idea, in fact. Thanks, Sherlock.”
“Hello, yes,” he said to a nurse behind the desk, “since you’ve got several empty beds on the ward at the moment anyway, I’ll be occupying the one next to the new patient who’s just been brought in, John Watson.”
Sherlock hummed appreciatively.
“Mr Holmes, can you put on the hat?” one of them asked.
Burning the heart out of the
In case you are reading this in public, there is a 'safe' (illustrationless) version
Naturally, they were still new to Sherrinford.
Sherlock frowns. “How did I--”
* * * * *
’s voice.
Chance had brought her to Europe all the way from New Zealand, where Rose had grown up on a farm with three older brothers, who had taught her how to shoot. Initially, she had just come to this hemisphere to travel abroad and have fun for a year. But she’d made some backpacker friends in Italy who’d jokingly decided to rob a bank. It had gone so well that they’d continued to do robberies across the entire continent and eventually also started to dispose of people who needed disposing of – according to other people, who were willing to pay them for it. The group had called themselves The Peppers (because they’d listened to The Red Hot Chili Peppers a lot).
Usually, she tried to combine her visit to London with attending the performance of a musical theatre show and a stroll through beautiful Hyde Park. But today, she hadn’t managed to get tickets for the only show she was interested in seeing at the moment and also it was raining, so she headed straight for Baker Street. (With Mycroft being abroad for an indefinite length of time, there was no killing two birds with one stone on that front either, but she wasn’t going to wait to see her younger son until the elder deigned to come back.)
There were quiet gasps, hitching breaths, scraping fingers; there were gentle kisses between careful, slow thrusts.
As they walked across the hall, up the stairs and down the dormitory corridor, Sherlock went over the options in his head. If the French teacher had abducted the earl’s son, he feared it looked very much like a sex offense, but if someone else had, it was more likely abduction for ransom. Unless the perpetrator had indeed first tried another window, which again made it look more like a pervert stealing a random kid. On the other hand, they could not entirely rule out tomfoolery; an innocent, though illicit, excursion of the boy himself, having gone out exploring in the night, perhaps stargazing, in which case he might just turn up when he got hungry and tired. Although to be honest, that would logically have happened hours ago already.
However, the memory of having left him at the hotel in Mumbai with only his passport and her clothes invariably lightened her mood.
Sherlock opened his mouth without making a sound, as their eyes locked in a dark gaze which seemed to drown the universe. Their movements were like the tide of the ocean, flowing in harmony, while soft grunting noises expressed the primordial state of being they had slipped into: there was only their passion and love, nothing else in their consciousness. They were
He sat in his chair and steepled his fingers. Surrounded by silence, he took the opportunity to store away the outcome of all the different parts of this morning’s conversation in his Mind Palace.
The monitor continued to beep steadily.
“We can go home, if you want,” Sherlock said.
She slowly turned around, mumbling an apology, and didn’t stop chuckling to herself until long after she’d driven all the way home and had told her bemused husband back at the cottage.
“It’s alright, Mrs. Hudson, honestly; there’s no need. He’ll probably solve the case just by looking at these for less than half a minute; you know him.” He winked at her, a gesture that seemed to have a magical effect on ladies her age and one that he was never reluctant to use, and went up the stairs.
* * * * *
reach and no one else’s), that Rose had decided she could afford to take things more slowly for a while. She’d travelled to the UK for the first time in her life and had coincidentally wandered into Jim’s circles.
Sometimes they played Cluedo. Sometimes Sherlock cooked three-course meals for John and Hannah and they would sit together at the dining table, simply enjoying each other’s company.
And when he saw Sherlock’s proud, baffled, fond, sentimental grin,
what I want, Sherlock.
* * * * *
Greg had a team prepared for stand-by surrounding the building this evening, and he’d talked the theatre director into letting Sherlock sit on the jury, under the condition that he wouldn’t interfere in the actual selection process.
“Okay,” Sherlock’s voice said. “I’ll go in first, you follow three minutes later. I want you to walk up there before me though, and look at the shop window for a while, so that you can hear what he tells me from the beginning; the door is open, thanks to the warm weather. It might come in handy. I suggest your back-up story is that you are looking for an engagement ring. He’s got plenty of those in the shop window.”
There was a short sprint over the relatively flat, but uneven, rough rocks, before John forcefully launched himself at the fugitive, hugging him from behind as he collided with him and propelled him down towards the ground.
Sherlock pressed his lips together in a smile. He put away the dildo and took the lube, applying an ample amount to John’s length, meanwhile stroking away some of his tension.
“She never watches telly during daytime, John,” Sherlock added, rolling his eyes. “I’m not entirely undiscriminating in my landladies.”
“And was it good to talk about such insecurities? Did he make you feel better about it, in any way?”
The second thing he needed to arrange was a false identity card, shifty as that sounded. He was determined to visit his dear Aunt Vivian in jail as often as he could, seeing as she had sacrificed
He opened his eyes just in time to see John scrunch up his face and falter in his movements as he added more splashes to Sherlock’s torso and melted together existing ones.
Sherlock blinked.
Sherlock dug one hand into John’s hair – with his other arm still wrapped tightly around John’s middle –  while John clutched Sherlock’s jacket as if afraid he might otherwise disappear into thin air. With their mouths frantically exploring each other, Sherlock managed to push the door shut with one elbow and then let himself fall back against it, which John, correctly, took as an invitation to crowd close and push him against the wooden surface. The increased sensation of bodily contact this created, caused Sherlock to soon feel his erection strain against the inside of his trousers, and he couldn’t help grinding it against John for some relief. He could then feel John’s prick in a similar state, pressing back rock-hard against his groin.
He straightened back up and they looked at each other for a moment, suddenly serious. Through a miracle they were both still alive. Alive and together, blood rushing through their veins, now filled with raging testosterone and adrenalin.
They stepped into the room, as Sherrinford cautiously stood up and took a few steps toward them. He laboriously avoided looking at them directly, instead letting his eyes jump around the general direction they were in. His face was virtually expressionless, except for his eyes.
“… and one Sunday afternoon, when the weather was really nice, we had been out for lunch together, and then decided afterwards to go to his house and collect his and his flatmate’s bicycles, to go for a ride in Hampstead Heath. So we entered the downstairs hall to their flat, and Bob yelled up the stairs ‘Jack! Can I borrow your bike this afternoon?’ I heard a gruff ‘sure’ and we walked to the kitchen at the back of the house. Bob told me to wait there while he went to fetch the bikes from the shed, and while I was standing there, his flatmate walked in. Immediately started telling me how pretty I was, coming on to me in the most unseemly and irritatingly confident manner. I instantly disliked him.” She looked like she’d taken a gulp of vinegar. “He’s the kind of guy who thinks he can have any girl he likes because of his good looks and past successes, I imagine. He seemed pretty surprised when it didn’t work with me. Or oblivious, it was kinda hard to tell, really.”
Sherlock nodded. Yes, he had briefly been there; during his Hiatus, which he preferred not to be reminded of. Not ‘all this time’, as Sherrinford seemed to really mean, but there was no way to begin to explain that.
* * * * *
After sneaking into the changing rooms of the rugby team had failed quite miserably (thereby automatically ruling out a second try, as he didn’t want to be seen as a pervert), he’d rather brilliantly come up with an alternative plan. He’d deduced John’s bisexuality and had flirted with him, flirted properly for the first time in his life. In all his nineteen years, he’d seen others do it often enough, and had saved all the insipid little details of the procedure on his organic hard drive, so to speak, just in case he ever needed to apply them.
“Well… you could also exhibit them,” Sherlock signed. “Lend them to art galleries.” Sherlock had looked up the signs for those terms the evening before.
just shot and killed the mother of his child.
Once they had found a comfortable routine, John subtly tried to shift the angle so as to aim for Sherlock’s prostate. It took a while before he found the exact right position, but when he succeeded, he knew it. Sherlock let out a sudden whine, the most beautiful sound in the world, followed by a bellowing “God, John, yes!” He was soon begging John to never stop, and although John was positively beaming with pride and pleasure, he was pretty sure he was going to disappoint Sherlock very soon in that respect. He was not going to last much longer.
why you both smiled when I said I thought I had her in the morgue.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open. “John…”
Sherrinford seemed intrigued, though, and watched carefully.
for her help with Sherlock’s name deduction and of course Ariane DeVere  for her transcripts
John was glad he’d been able to finally come out to Harry. He’d never fully appreciated how important it really was to share something that was so essential to himself with someone close to him.
This was heaven.
John was in danger.
During their previous little outing putting up the audition posters, John had grudgingly realised that he needed his cane again. Not for his leg, but for his blasted spells of dizziness. So he had – albeit unenthusiastically – taken it with him this time.
“Penetration,” Sherlock replied, managing to actually make it sound sexy.
about personal matters and feelings, in proper dialogue, he resolved to do a similar thing with his brother, Sherrinford.
John was soon moved to a general ward with fewer machines, fewer nurses and less noise.
“Lovely place, too, this here, isn’t it?”
and therefore naturally go around kidnapping little
They silently walked over and sat down, some distance apart, leaving room to carefully open the envelope between them.
As she tried not to think back to that most painful and miserable Christmas day, Eurus stretched her legs on the sofa and stared at the ceiling, feeling empty.
John stopped walking and so did Sherlock.
Sunlight reflecting off the fur, making him shine like he used to.
“Well done, Molly,” Sherlock said, forcing out a smile. “Well, at least this trip gave us some fresh air.” He was about to turn and leave, when John started a conversation, asking Molly and Greg how they’d been.
Sherlock sighed. “Because of that repeated frustration,” he continued, “it doesn’t take much to set me off against him. Anything he says is already too much. I just can’t seem to help it. It simply keeps grating, having been pushed past my own boundaries so much as a child.”
His attention snapped back to the present as the familiar computerised Underground voice announced his stop.
John seemed to be stable, for now.
He desperately wanted to
John looked back to Sherlock, who was turning in a circle to look at his audience. “So, any questions?”
“Yeah, because a teacher walking through the school looks so much more suspicious than one trying to climb in through a window.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. They’re
For over a week, he had withheld all forms of physical affection not only because he felt confused and guilty over the way he had touched Sherlock previously, or because he felt blinding anger rise inside of him whenever he was reminded of what that bastard had done to his Sherlock, but also – if he was completely honest – because he was afraid of getting an erection and ending up in a sexual situation, which was simply an absolute no-go for him at the moment. So he tossed himself off in the shower, thinking about nothing except his own prick and his need to climax in the most abstract way imaginable. Afterwards, he felt empty and possibly even more guilty than he already had.
How had Sherrinford been capable of this? Of painting something so beautifully, that he himself had so brutally destroyed?
There was a coastal watchtower looking out over the fjord, with a stone wall below it that was made up of large, ancient-looking, squarely hewn rocks, stacked together roughly with cement. A little further down stood a lonely, wooden bench, which had clearly seen better days. A few empty beer cans lay littered around, occasionally attracting the attention of seagulls that were looking for food.
What would Sherrinford tell him, if only he could speak?
“That’s kind of you, but probably not. I’ll pass your offer on, though.” Sherlock took the menu and glanced over the pastries section, deciding it would only be cruel to taunt his brother by ordering one, and put it back. Although the opportunity to taunt Mycroft had used to be a default reason to actually do so, his mission was now the opposite.
No new clues could be found under Arthur’s window either. The ivy definitely showed recent damage on branches of various heights, but nothing that indicated that it had been climbed by two different people. That did, of course, by no means rule out that possibility. Someone could still have entered the room via this route, taken the boy and left the note as a false clue.
If that was what John wanted, there couldn’t really be any harm, he guessed.
Sherlock blinked, starting to feel his eyes prick. She’d made this especially for them.
Ah, well.
or because of Sherlock’s own fingers.
“No, wait. I see,” John said, slowly. “You need to be in disguise to put up the poster, in case Eurus runs into you near the warehouse where she’s hiding.” John looked contented when Sherlock’s expression let him know he had it right.
Her mouth fell open, once more. She’d always thought he’d disapproved of her. Not that he wanted to protect her from harm.
Ouch. That definitely sounded tough, John thought.
* * * * *
And it worked, to an extent. Two fingers were obviously a tighter fit than one, and John surrendered to the new, invasive sensation completely. He threw his head back, clearly overwhelmed, stammering Sherlock’s name and things like ‘oh yes’, ‘yes please’ and ‘oh god’.
Bugger again.
After he’d hit ‘send’, he stared at the wall for a while. A minute or two later, he took his phone again and added, “Btw might start therapy again. Need to get stuff out of my system. Not sure talking really helps, but might give it a try anyway. There’s a therapist near my work who’s still taking patients. J”
John had saved him. And he didn’t seem to be angry anymore. Perhaps he never had been?
Sherlock didn’t even try to restrain himself as he finally cried “OH! … GOD! … YES! … YES! … YES!” at the top of his baritone voice.
* * * * *
“I’d rather not,” John replied curtly, but managing to say it in a pleasant enough way. He calmly blew over his cup.
In spite of his earlier tense mood, Sherlock was clearly at ease here, leisurely sauntering along the country road lined with flowering grasses and cow parsley buzzing with insect activity, while the branches overhead cast patterns of dancing shadows on the asphalt. He looked relaxed. (And stunningly beautiful.) His remark about beekeeping in Sussex suddenly seemed much less far-fetched.
“What?” John asked, amused.
When they finally went back to bed, they soon fell asleep, drunk on champagne, sex and victory.
And he’d never known why.
“When?” John asked.
Soon after, he was inside of John, pushing home into his wonderful, tight warmth, creating little white clouds of flour puffing up from below John’s stomach at every thrust.
When John opened the drawer, his face broke into a restrained smile. Dammit, he’d spotted the stupid dildo, of course, and could not miss the fact that it looked rather obviously new.
Sherrinford must have been creating theories as to why he didn’t get to see his parents anymore, why he was sent away in the first place, perhaps? In which case, he must have had no idea what he’d done wrong, why he was put away.
And the other mind palace scene, a.k.a. TAB, where, in the middle of the greenhouse scene, just after John asking, "As your friend – as someone who... worries about you – what made you like this?" and Sherlock answering, "Oh, Watson. Nothing made me", scrabbling claws can be heard together with a sound of a dog whimpering anxiously, or as if it is in pain. Sherlock turns his head in the direction of the sound, saying "I made me." And then, "Redbeard?"
“I like your daisy,” she said, in the sweetest voice she could muster. That skill was at least one useful thing to have come out of theatre school.
and then I
? You’re feeling fanciful this morning.” Sherlock raised one amused eyebrow at him as he grabbed a mug from one of the cupboards. “Are you feeling quite well?”
John smiled back, still somewhat incredulous, and remained still as a statue, afraid to break the spell.
As soon as he’d said it, he internally cringed at the idea, above all of him and John being ‘brothers’. But, well, maybe he should accept that that
“But I never blamed you.” Sherlock frowned. “Honestly, there’s nothing to forgive. You shouldn’t feel guilty.”
The next day, the two of them went shopping together with the money Sherrinford had earned with the sale.
He sat down, fidgeting with his phone case.
. First, John needed to collect the cane.
. And until there is a bloody guard, and even after that, someone needs to stay close to him, the only someone available at the moment being
Sherlock loved John like this: a raving machine of lust, longing and aching for
* * * * *
He frowned at them, trying to understand.
“Sorry, what?”
Watson, trusted Sherlock unconditionally. He was going to marry this man and give him the rest of his life, and that thought didn’t scare him half as much as it probably should. If Sherlock would fuck him right now, he would be okay with it.
And the fact that John’s sister had, once more, come all the way from Russia to see John again and introduce Natalya to him, meant something similar for the Watsons.
“No, it’s alright. You don’t always have to come during sex, you know. It’s fine. I just want to lie here with you like this for a bit.” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “We’ve got all the time in the world.”
An East Whirlwind.
Sherlock looked him in the eye for a long while. “Will you move back in with me?” he asked, subdued.
John spotted some bees flying back to their hive not far from where they sat. “It’s a lovely place, this,” he continued. “So you used to come here frequently in the past, I gather?” He took a bite of his crumble, which was delicious.
John continued to mourn Aunt Vivian and visited her grave almost as often as he’d visited her in prison.
,” he added, darkly.
. The thought of
Right there and then, standing in the dark broom cupboard with Sherlock, John found all his wants and needs narrowing down to just one thing. He desperately wanted to feel the other man’s mouth on his and snog the shit out of him.
? If Mary had really jumped in front of a bullet for you, that would hardly have been
Once Greg had the abandoned warehouse surrounded by his men, he gave them the signal to enter.
Dammit.
Sherlock let out a grunt. Not that it actually hurt. It was all about giving in now.
John’s eyes shot up to meet Sherlock’s. His handsome, dark-haired flatmate was looking at him with a rare kind of warmth in his eyes. John’s heartbeat throbbed in his veins. He wasn’t sure whether Sherlock had merely finished his sentence, or was actually telling John to kiss him.
“But he’ll come around, I’m sure,” Rose continued, unperturbed. “He just needs a little time to be pissed off. I’m carrying his
Sherlock looked at him earnestly for a moment, his eyes widening a little as he understood, almost instantly. “Are you sure?” he asked quietly.
* * * * *
“Right.” The earl pressed his chin to his chest in an apparent effort to will himself to calm down. “Edith and I… used to be quite happy together. She’s always been a bit difficult, in her way, mind, finding it hard to imagine another person’s viewpoint or feelings. That regularly caused conflicts between her and others; but we each had our own activities and interests that we occupied ourselves with and everything was fine. That is, before Arthur was born.”
As soon as their eyes met, Sherlock dashed off to the kitchen, mumbling something about getting more wine.
“Um, well, I went to meet Mrs Norbury at the Aquarium. I confronted her about what she’d done. I deduced some private details about her life, insulted her cats. Might have pushed it a bit too far. Mary tried to warn me, to make me stop making hurtful deductions.” He cleared his throat. “I didn’t listen. It was all my fault. I don’t think John will ever forgive me. He’s devastated. All because of me. Livid, in fact.” He let out a strangled sob. “Before I knew it, Norbury drew a gun and fired at me. Mary jumped in front of the bullet. She saved my life.”
With a million, gazillion thanks to Ariane DeVere. Not only the dialogues, but a lot of the descriptions from the show in this chapter and the next four are (almost) straight from her amazing
Days turned into weeks, and one after another, John and Sherlock reached an impasse where they’d hit a dead end and there was momentarily nothing for them to do. Sherlock accepted a new case, tracing some documents that had gone missing, which gave him some new energy, and John took on some extra shifts at the surgery.
There. That should definitively convince Bob, and indirectly Jack, that there was no point going through with their scheme, as the ship had already sailed.
Currently, John was baking bread again, seeing as this was a ‘special day’.
Sherlock had truly wanted this,
“Yeah.”
and, most of all, why he had attacked the man with a sodding scalpel.
John wasn’t allowed to die, or remain in a coma. He just wasn’t.
Sherlock thought for a bit. “No. I need to do this alone,” he said, collecting his last bits of egg onto his fork.
“You don’t say!”
The next moment was rather dramatic indeed. A hitherto concealed door swung open in the far wall, just like Sherlock had expected, and James Wilder emerged from the smoke with Arthur. He held the handkerchief with the Holdernesse coat of arms to his nose.
It took him only about half a second to remember what had happened the night before. He was slightly embarrassed to feel the kind of Christmas morning anticipation kids were shown to have in adverts as he flung his legs over the edge of his bed. He quickly got up and casually strolled into the kitchen, still wearing his pyjamas.
Lestrade finished his teacup and heaved a sigh. “Well, that’s my duty done for the day. Not much else on at the moment, I’m afraid.”
Looking down, Faith reached across and pulled her left sleeve down. Glancing up again, she stammered, “You never saw them.”
Opened tubes of paint everywhere. A mess.
* * * * *
“Good. Yes. Now, let’s see about that window at the back,” Sherlock said amiably. “Maybe we can walk around the front of the building, so I can have a look at the cordoned off area below both their windows along the way?”
This was really it.
with autism – a subject on which there were more books than there were underground stations in London – but a possibly equal number of people have
you.”
“Great. The money will be in your account by tomorrow.”
As the earl turned around to look at him, his face went white. “No. No, I told you to hire
John frowned, wondering what had gotten Sherlock so worked up. Was he seriously that nervous about...
John gasped again, appreciatively.
The smashed bust had given him the strangest feeling. A very familiar Moriarty vibe.
Then, to Molly, “I thought this was some kind of ...”
“Interesting...” was all he said, rather languidly.
“He took me by the wrist and held me hard; then goes he to the length of all his arm; and, with his other hand thus o'er his brow, he falls to such perusal of my face, as he would draw it.”
Sherlock turned around to see John smiling at him. “Hello, sleeping beauty,” Sherlock said, smiling back as he sauntered over to him, and bent down to give John a soft kiss.
For some reason, they didn’t kiss. They just sat and talked, loosely holding hands on the sofa with John’s head rested on Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock’s temple on John’s head.
He looked at the clock. Almost two.
By the time his eyes fell on his computer screen again, Sherlock and John were cuddling together on the sofa: Sherlock resting his head on John’s shoulder, with his eyes closed, clearly in post-orgasmic haze, and John lovingly staring at him as he caressed Sherlock’s hair.
He looked at John, standing next to him in the elevator. He had his head lowered and was pinching the bridge of his nose.
Strange as it seemed, seeing John’s nerves significantly quieted Sherlock’s own.
John nodded. He was always glad when he could be of use during a case.
Also, Mycroft had made it clear to him that Sherlock needed him.
John scrambled off of Sherlock. “Sherlock, are you sure this is--?”
Sherlock was his.
And then, with something of a small shock, he suddenly came to a realisation. The withdrawal symptoms of last summer’s escapade, which had slowly been fading more and more to the background: they were gone now. Completely gone. He felt a hundred percent fit and
John smiled back at him, considering for himself whether he in fact was or not. “I’m… sort of serious, actually. I mean, I’ve always wanted to. Then again, lots of people say that, and it doesn’t actually mean a thing. But in the past couple of hours, I’ve had more fun, by myself, than I’ve had in a long time. And I actually do have some ideas that I really want to write about, too. Perspectives that you don’t see often enough in the media, you know? And God knows I’ve seen enough crazy stuff this year alone to inspire at least
Sherlock quickly turned out to be right in thinking these workmen weren’t locals. They seemed glad with the information. While they mumbled their thanks and continued debating whether they needed just the ring, just the oil, or both, and who was going to get it, Sherlock noticed something from the corner of his eye. The handsome fellow he’d chatted with on Wednesday – James, was it? – was tucking away something that looked like an old handkerchief. It took Sherlock a second to realise what had been special about the antique-looking piece of cloth. It had the Holdernesse coat of arms on it: the exact same three bears that could be seen carved into stone above the main entrance of the Hall.
They just stood there for a long time in silence, breathing together.
“Am I correct in presuming that the reason that you’re hardly in touch is that her drinking reminds you of your dad, of whom you prefer not to be reminded?” Sherlock asked.
--A child’s coffin would be more expensive. This is in the lower price range, although still best available in that bracket. This is a practical and informed choice. Balance of probability suggests that this is for an unmarried woman distant from her close relatives. That much is suggested by the economy of choice. SH
“He’s coping. Arranging the funeral,” Sherlock replied.
“I… I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock stammered. “It… It won’t happen again, I promise.”
He felt like singing. Dancing.
Like late December last year, just after Rose had dumped her once more for this idiot, who had apparently, for no reason, decided to take her back after all (although her convenient pregnancy might have had something to do with it, she supposed, bitterly). The very next day, Eurus had found out that something was up with Sherlock Holmes and had heard from Steve, her very useful hacker friend, that Holmes was about to be sent far away under mysterious circumstances.
After he’d begun to realise that they induced disproportionate stress in John, during those times they had gone together, and John had started making up excuses not to join him, Sherlock had eventually gently suggested that such outings were useful exercise to gradually build trust in the world again. John had objected that he merely didn’t
She must have somehow traced the signal back to the location it was sent from.
Sherlock’s face suddenly shifted into a bored expression, his eyes turning upwards. “Yes, Mrs. Hudson, do come in.”
“Oh yes. I texted her. She’s actually better at this sort of stuff than John.” He smiled a painful smile. “We’d borrowed the bloodhound of a friend of mine to trace the blood scent on one of the Thatcher busts. Sadly, the dog wasn’t in the mood and we found nothing. Led us to a butcher’s,” Sherlock said pensively. “Although that could have been a deliberate move on the burglar’s part, of course. If he knew he was wounded and leaving a trail, passing through the butchers would be like hiding a tree in a forest. Quite ingenious.” He nodded to himself.
The sudden shy but proud smile on John’s face was so genuine that it was crystal clear that he’d found his calling.
There turned out to be a note from Harry. It was just a chatty e-mail, the type that she was better at writing than he was at replying to, but he appreciated her effort to stay in touch anyway. She told him about her new job at a utility company, mentioned that she’d seen a photograph of him and Sherlock in the paper above an article about the unsolved Abergavenny case, and asked him how he was. He told himself he would definitely sit down and answer it tomorrow, then switched off this phone and also the bedside lamp.
Sherlock had had no idea that this was what it would feel like. John’s mouth was soft and warm, and with it he was doing things to him that he hadn’t known were possible; alternately licking, kissing and sucking different parts (and all of them) of his prick.
. The two of you make a fine pair.”
. And not knowing where he is, or what happened to him, I just…”
Janine.
Sherlock swallowed. “Alright,” he agreed. “I’ll tell you what.” He squinted at the trees in the distance. “Let’s go home, take off these ridiculous disguises and then we can sit down and I will tell you everything.”
Without a word, he stretched out one arm to grab the lube from the bedside table and handed it to Sherlock.
It was the 6
Then he sat and waited again.
John fell asleep first, in Sherlock’s arms, which was even better than merely having him asleep next to him. Soon, however, Sherlock wasn’t aware of that anymore, as he’d gone out like a light himself.
He took a sip of coffee, quickly deciding it would be crazy to search the entire area around Trondheim only because of a hunch. Just the city centre, then – even though the chances of finding the gem were infinitesimally small by now. But they had to at least keep trying until the end.
her, the fool that he was; had thought she was the one he wanted to spend the rest of his life with.
“The things you wouldn’t do for the missus, eh?” the driver said with a wicked grin when John paid him. John blinked. Oh god. Did the man actually think that Sherlock was his
“Of course it was. It was extraordinary; it was absolutely brilliant.” John smiled a bright smile, not directed at him in particular.
John had never expected to ever move back here – or for Sherlock to outright admit that he’d missed him, at that – but he didn’t have to think about it for a second, now that Sherlock offered. This was the one place where he had been happy.
“I’m planning to find out the truth.”
She remembered, as if it had been yesterday, the endless hours they would spend spying on the Holmeses’ house and its inhabitants, who were infinitely interesting. She learnt an important lesson then. Not all parents were as harsh and uncaring as hers. Nor were all brothers as cruel.
“Aw, Rosie is going to love it; thank you so much, Aunt Viv!” He gently hugged her with one arm.
So they were having a nice, proper three-course meal. With Chloe thankfully fast asleep in her moses basket on the floor next to them, they talked and they laughed about nothing and everything.
“Look behind his back!” Sherlock screamed.
Mycroft finally looked up at him, with weary eyes. Worry was etched onto his face. “He never called you, did he.” It wasn’t really a question.
It felt like sacrilege.
John lit some candles for Christmas atmosphere and persuaded Sherlock to at least play one (very slow) game of Carcassonne.
“John, as much as I’d like to, don’t you think there is a slightly more pressing case at hand right now?”
He frowned deeply and endeavoured to keep his lips from making annoying involuntary movements, which they irritatingly seemed intent on doing.
“Names aren’t one word. They’re always at least two. Sherlock Holmes; Faith Smith; Santa Claus; Winston Churchill; Napoleon Bonaparte. Actually, just ‘Napoleon’ would do.”
He thought about Aunt Viv, the way he vaguely remembered her from when he was little. Always cheerful, always kind. Well, to him and his sister Harry anyway. He’d always sensed there was tension between her and his dad. But then again, there had been tension between his dad and everyone on a fairly regular basis, so he’d never really given it much thought. Until Aunt Viv had come up in conversation with Harry one day, years later, and she’d mentioned how Vivian had been the only person ever to have told their dad to stop drinking, without getting beaten up over it.
“Don’t get me started,” the goldsmith said, fondly laughing. “He once came dashing into my shop, asking for a hiding place and not to tell his girlfriend he was there. And wearing this funny disguise, he was! Can you imagine?” He shook his head in amusement. “He even had a fake beard: it was hilarious!” He continued, on a slightly more serious tone, “Well, Bob admitted later that she was not really his girlfriend, but I had the distinct impression that he would have liked her to be; you know what I mean?” The goldsmith looked at Sherlock intently from under his eyebrows. Then, taking in a weary breath, he said, “But at the suggestion, Bob just said it was
Sherlock stilled, looking at John with an uncertain expression. “So this is not just a fling, or – I don’t know – some phase we’re going through? Or an experiment? Which will end as soon as the novelty has worn off?”
Sherlock sat up rather stiffly, while apparently making an effort to sound breezy – without much success.
Experiencing all of these revolutionary little steps together made it feel almost like co-parenting. On top of that, he and John often needed only half a sentence to understand one another, and they were almost always on the same page about how to raise a baby anyway. Despite their own irregular habits, or perhaps because of them, they adhered to a strict schedule for sleeping and eating times for Rosie, setting timers in both their phones for everything. They never let her play with things that weren’t designed to be baby toys (the point of safety regulations having suddenly become a lot more obvious and urgent to Sherlock). And they never,
The inspiration for Sherlock's relationship with his parents is based on my own experience. My parents both have autism (Asperger's), and I only realised they did after I had myself tested for autism and was told, to my great surprise and confusion, that I didn't have it. Then how come I had all these typically autistic traits, making my life difficult?? Ah.
At close range, and aimed at the head, this could lead to skull fracture, internal bleeding in the brain, tissue damage and oedema.
He bought a latte at the kiosk and considered his options.
John smiled at how insecure Sherlock was with these things. He probably didn’t have a huge amount of experience. “Please kiss me,” John whispered.
“He’s short-sighted, or he was,” Mycroft’s voice suddenly said. “His recent laser surgery has done the trick.”
Mycroft took the tea pot and raised his eyebrows at Sherlock in a silent question, before pouring him a cup. “I’ll be mother.”
Sherlock did not change his pace. “Ah well, it was not that important. I just wanted you to have some fun.”
“Why not?” Sherlock said, appearing offended. But John was happy to detect a decided smirk under his scowl. He’d missed Sherlock’s sass. “They’re interesting creatures, you know,” Sherlock said, more seriously. “Almost as fascinating as humans. They even commit crimes against their society. And keeping a bee colony healthy is quite a challenge, what with the current invasion of parasitic Varroa destructor mites across Western Europe. And Clostridium. I would never get bored.”
He strolled back over to where John sat, leaving behind an astonished couple.
Mrs Robins let him in with that ever-present vague smile on her face.
Such a chasm was bound to have an effect on the whole family, though, John would think. But their parents behaved in a friendly and normal enough way towards both of them.
Sherlock couldn’t help a smile. “Well, that too, although that might be slightly inappropriate tonight. We’re going out.”
Sherlock’s lips, meanwhile, were doing extensive physical exercise, until he finally got them under control and he said, “You’re not going to believe why I made this reservation three weeks ago,” he smiled shyly, not looking at John. “I was going to propose to you here.”
The earl nodded in acknowledgement and sat. “I’m sorry to barge in here like this,” the man said, clearly uncomfortable. “It’s just that… I’m not very strongly convinced of the investigative capabilities of the police anymore.”
She flinched back almost unnoticeably when he reached towards her. “No.”
Images of vast lakes, wooden cottages surrounded by pine tree forests and elks strolling along dirt roads appeared on their screens as they surfed around various travel websites.
he’d done, and how, exactly. The only way for Sherlock to ask him to draw all this, was by posing the question in the form of a drawing himself. Coming up with the best approach to do so, however, was not so easy.
How was it different from a silence that wasn’t companionable?
,” Rosamund’s voice echoed once more in his head.
Maybe Sherlock had just imagined it. Stupid wishful thinking.
But that didn’t match with the things he’d said, about having wanted to kiss Sherlock for a long time.
“Whenever I’m in bed ill, I always get extremely randy,” Sherlock said rather cheerfully, his words partly muffled by his pillow.
, he told himself as he let his eyes trace the colour-coded pieces of string connecting the notes on the wall, interspersed with key words.
Moore huffed, visibly shocked at the suggestion, and turned to his colleague standing in front of Arthur’s room, mumbling something unintelligible.
Sherlock put a scone on his plate and sloppily smeared it with clotted cream and jam. “Well, I used to be rather remarkably cute when I was little, I’ve been told. And I liked the bees. I would sit in front of the hive and study them for hours. Josie used to tell me all about them. Finally found an interested audience in me.”
John blinked. She hadn’t? God, he had been so jealous of her.
“Well, I’m not sure I ever really did, to be honest,” Sherlock said. He pressed his lips together, thinking. “My parents just never talked about it. Never gave me any sort of context, or explanation, or any room to grieve my dog. Never comforted me in any way that I can remember. Sherrinford was simply sent away to a special facility for children with behavioural problems and from then on they just sort of pretended it never happened.”
Being back in the UK was always a little alienating, Harry thought, as she hurried along Carteret Street, carefully dodging little groups of uniformed school kids on the pavement.
“Sorry,” Sherlock mumbled, suddenly looking concerned.
Mycroft had gone pale as a ghost. “I… I didn’t…,” he stammered. And then, almost in a whisper, “We were just happy for you.”
John efficiently used his full weight on the scraggy robber, as he held him down onto the hard rocks, twisting his arms behind his back.
the opposite, in fact.
Once Harry had finished her morning’s round of soliciting for funds and had travelled to Baker Street, where she was now standing in front of the door to number 221, she realised she was more nervous to ring the bell than she had been at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
And he loved John.
(30 May)
--Would you like to go out for dinner this Saturday at The Ledbury, around 8pm? Would love to see you again. xx
. Mrs Hudson knew there was only one person who could cure that.
“Deaf. Wow,” John muttered, frowning.
Sherlock shook his head.
Best to just sit and wait for the minute. He had other things on his mind anyway.
Mycroft wasn’t half as deprecating as usual and even flashed a genuine smile at Sherlock when he gave his view on the matter.
They would spend mornings, afternoons, days, being drawn to each other over and over again, kissing and pressing against one another until, eventually, they both reached release, in any number of ways.
Sherlock spent almost a full second being stunned – to his utter shame having been taken
And, lastly, Mycroft clearly lying when he says "no" to John stating, "Sherlock’s not your only brother. There’s another one, isn’t there?"
Sherlock nodded slowly, still coming to terms with this new bit of knowledge about his brother. The Ice Man. He did love. Deeply, it seemed. But his life had revolved around not showing it. Which actually explained a lot.
John’s breath caught in his throat. Was this a dream too? Sherlock telling him
“John, I--”
And then there’d been Mary telling him ‘neither of us were the first, you know’ at the wedding, when John had been so very engrossed in conversation with James Sholto, much to Sherlock’s chagrin. Which had happened mere days after John’s bachelor party, where he’d drunkenly grabbed Sherlock’s knee with the words ‘I don’t mind’.
The lube glistened in the faint light of the bedside lamp as Sherlock switched to counter-clockwise circles and back – obviously enjoying the sensation, seeing as his eyes were sensually half-closed and his breathing was becoming increasingly heavy.
“I’ll be right there,” Sherlock promised.
in therapy, you know,” John smiled. “Back when I was still going to Ella, immediately after returning from Afghanistan.” John thought for a bit. “Sometimes it takes a long time before you can really see that other person’s side, and their personal motivations. Years, even. But you have to try. And you’re doing that now, which is a very good thing.” He nodded. “By the way, his approach didn’t exclusively have negative effects on you, you know.”
“Yes, come in. Would you like a cup of tea?” the posh bloke asked.
With a sigh, Eurus sank down onto the little stool in their bathroom. For all that they’d found out, Sherlock Holmes had turned out to be
He looked at John from the corner of his eye and saw that his mouth was comically hanging half open. He clearly didn’t believe him.
Yes, he could definitely see his mum in her.
He smiled at her and spun the little pink pony dangling above her head around for her, which made her reflexively stretch out her arms and cackle joyfully. “Da! Da!” she called out.
With Sherlock’s lean body pressed against his back after the particularly amazing sex of this evening (unhindered by any urgent case), of which John was still being reminded by the subtle, pleasantly burning sensation in his arse, he was just about to doze off when the words hit him like a train out of nowhere.
“I must say,” Hannah said, in a low voice, so as not to disturb the delicate feeding process, “he keeps managing to surprise me. Especially after experiencing what his parents are like.”
Suddenly, the chains were gone and John was being pulled up into the light. There were people talking. About him. He couldn’t quite catch what they were saying.
“It did, indeed,” was all Sherlock said, deep in thought, carefully carrying the painting in one hand as they headed down the driveway towards the taxi waiting for them.
Sherlock went to stand closer to the doorway and leaned out of the ambulance, holding on to the poles on either side. “Exactly,
The look on John’s face in the course of the whole process – as he’d occasionally stuck his head around the door of the bedroom in between his tending to Rosie – had been priceless. It had gone from giggly surprise, to impressed amazement, to outright, dumbstruck shock.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John, I--” Sherlock began, agitatedly.
John stopped behind her for a long moment, blowing out a breath, before stepping closer.
Upon Harry’s deepened frown, Sherlock chipped in, “It’s an MI5 exercise.” He smiled. “We occasionally volunteer to provide them with a truthful location to train anti-terrorism operations in a realistic setting.”
He carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, pulling him closer for kiss after kiss.
Sherlock nodded.
I sometimes wonder if I should maybe explain some of my narrative decisions from my fix-it writer’s point of view every now and then?
She had been convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
He wasn’t a virgin, technically, although he wasn’t sure that one time counted. He had been much too young, and it wasn’t anything he had consented to. In reality, Sherlock was still haunted by the fact that he had been stupid enough to let it happen. He had tried and almost succeeded in deleting both his formerly favourite teacher and their little secret from his memory and never thought he’d ever want to do anything like that with anybody ever again. But strangely enough, with John he wanted to. He felt a helpless physical attraction to him, like iron ore to a magnet. It was very unnerving, but – weirdly – incredibly soothing at the same time. Could it be true, after all, that man cannot live without love, like all those imbecilic songs claimed?
In the following seconds, which appeared to stretch into eternity, he could still feel Sherlock’s gaze on him, and John’s eyes couldn’t seem to stop flicking back and forth between him and unfocused random points around the room. Even though it was just a sideways glance, John felt glued to the back of his seat, pinned down by the intensity of the one grey eye fixed on him. Jesus Christ, why was it so hard to push away the mental images that were flooding his mind? Sherlock hovering over him, really close, while John was on his back and Sherlock’s hips were pressing- - No,
Sherlock sighed. “And then what?”
Now that he was properly out of his coma, he talked in his sleep. A lot.
Sherlock lifted his head to look at John for a moment and bit his lip in a radiant smile, before dropping his head back on the pillow with a thud.
Sherlock walked over to the kitchen and stood next to where John was sitting. He took the items out of the bag, placing them in front of John on the table: scones from John’s favourite bakery across town, with his preferred brands of clotted cream and strawberry jam from Sainsbury’s to go with them. “For you.”
Sherlock stood with both hands in the pockets of his dressing gown, staring out of the window at the occasional cars and pedestrians below on Baker Street as they made their way through the light fog.
“Never mind
“He gave me one of Redbeard,” he then said.
And now here they were: both naked on John's bed. John lying on his back, giggling up at him as he gently tugged at Sherlock's shoulder, clearly intending to pull Sherlock down on top of him.
Sherlock glanced down to press ‘send’ on the text he’d already typed as a draft in the Yard’s group message system beforehand.
?” Sherlock exclaimed, his throat tight. “How can someone that smart be so
“A novel!” she repeated excitedly, staring at John in utter awe. “Even better!” she exclaimed. “Wow, that is a brilliant idea. Writing is, after all, an excellent form of therapy indeed, they say.” Janine felt the enthusiasm for John’s idea of writing a novel well up like a giant bubble inside her. “Because you really have to think about the emotional effects of things that happen to your characters and describe those effects in detail, don’t you.”
Sherlock and John soon started signing to each other when Rosie was asleep and they didn’t want to wake her, or while one of them was in the middle of a phone conversation, or when for whatever reason they didn’t want to be overheard in public. (That last one, of course, at the risk of someone around them knowing BSL, but still.)
John stood up.
got along with her, as well, then.”
mild and slow progressing, they had been harder to recognise. John had been lucky to have realised the cause of it all.
“We’ll figure it out,” Sherlock said, gently putting his hand on John’s thigh. “It’s just you and me now. Together. We’ll figure it all out. Don’t you worry, okay?” Sherlock’s voice was trembling again, as if the new emotions he was no longer repressing seeped out in every pore of his being. He looked vulnerable. And also the most beautiful he’d ever looked, John thought.
“Nope. Just for fun.” He took another sip of tea, then stared into the dark liquid, contemplating. “Do you think I should write a novel?”
That evening, after John had come home from his night shift, Sherlock had already been fast asleep, curled up like a cat on his side of the bed. John quietly took off his clothes and lay down next to him, studying his contours. The minutes ticked away as he lay there just looking, aching to touch him, to put his arms around him and hug the stuffing out of him.
“You’ve got a fucking fever!” John objected, practically squealing.
John hugged him a bit tighter, letting out a long breath. “Then we have more in common than we thought.”
After a while, Sherlock could feel the tension gradually seep out of John, but still, they remained standing there in that embrace, just breathing together.
He’d kissed him back and had pressed his body close to John’s. John still couldn’t quite bloody believe it.
John wasted no time climbing on top of him.
John was still unconscious. Might not wake up. Might not
“Were you seriously worried I was going to say ‘no’?”
-- I can arrange childcare if you like. S
“It was lying here exactly like this, then? Face up and all?”
John deliberately kept moving in a gentle slow-motion, taking his time to plant kisses wherever he could reach; making love to Sherlock as he never had to anyone before.
“I love you,” John said, proud to finally be able to express the feeling he’d kept bottled up inside for so long. And he secretly adored the way it made Sherlock go all shy.
--I know. Sorry.
‘LA SPECIALE NON ANCORA RITROVATA’
“He can’t be left alone. Security reasons. I work with the police.”
about his clients, but certainly Sherlock had a strong desire to make things ‘right’, for everything to turn out well and for people not to suffer where it could be avoided.
A combination of grief, guilt and indescribable gratitude seemed to erupt from his very core.
“Oh, but you might as well give them to me,” Mrs. Hudson called after him, squealing in a way that was only endearing coming from elderly ladies.
* * * * *
Strangely, beyond a feeling of ordinary sadness, he seemed unable to reach his real grief.
A familiar recurring question emerged from the back of his mind, more insinuating this time than ever before.
Sherlock hadn’t yet had the heart to explain to Sherrinford what he had been suspected of all this time and that
“See you next Thursday then! If I don’t hear back, I will be expecting you at four, but don’t hesitate to call if you want to change your reservation. Bye-bye!”
Almost 4 am. Sherlock still hadn’t slept.
to my body, that is.”
“Hi,” Molly said, softly.
He looked up to find John holding out a cup of tea in front of him.
“Why would that have any effect?” Smith smiled. “You don’t know her.”
“Good. Good,” Sherlock replied, then hid his lips inside his mouth.
, she walked out on me and
“Ah. Thanks.” First coffee, then beer. Not a bad idea. “Sorry.”
He walked over the sun-dappled lawn, which looked just as his brother had painted it once and that somehow made it seem all the more beautiful to Sherlock now.
She closed her eyes and smiled. She’d been longing for some country air for a while.
while we’re in Hounslow, alright? And
Or his bodily response.
Hannah (Irene) fell silent the moment she spotted Molly, apparently having forgotten that she was there.
John raised his eyebrows and looked towards the door, which slowly opened halfway to reveal a blushing landlady.
It was as if feeling Sherlock’s living, breathing body against his own, combined with the knowledge that Aunt Viv would never wake up again, lying in her coffin in the cold earth, made him see the essence of life in a radically altered way.
John helped carry one of Sherlock’s bags up the stairs, Rosie on one hip, while Sherlock took the other one. (Books, mainly.)
Normally the friction between his cock and the bed would not have been nearly enough to make him come, but with his erection throbbing excessively with heat along with the rest of him, Sherlock knew it wasn’t going to take much. (Which was a good thing, seeing as his arms were simply too weak to give himself a hand.) At least the little buggers raging through his body were compensating their detrimental effect in this one way.
“No more fake deaths, no more fake gravestones. Just
.” A short pause. “Just do
Mycroft pinched his lips together as he raised his eyebrows, staring into nothingness. “I don’t know.”
at not even having shed a tear over his aunt. His amazing, wonderful aunt, who had given her freedom during the last months of her life for John, by taking the blame for something he had done,
That last one was rather weird, John thought. Then again, that didn’t mean much in Sherlock’s case, he supposed fondly. Sherlock was probably crazy busy solving cases left and right, now that John was no longer in the way.
She smiled, finally feeling a little proud of herself for the first time in a long while.
“Sherlock’s been amazing for us,” some woman said to John. “We’re beyond viral.”
The kiss slowed further until both their movements practically came to a halt and they stood almost motionless with their lips pressed together, eyes closed.
A faint, sad smile appeared on Sherlock’s lips. “Let’s go.”
“I think she wants her bottle,” Hannah said with a weary smile, as she headed for the kitchen with Rosie on her hip.
Sherlock and Sherrinford continued to become closer, spending two days a week together, drawing and painting and going for walks (him being allowed to leave his room freely now).
To make it worse, every time John gasped around Sherlock’s cock in response to Sherlock’s teasing breaths over his arse, the cooling effect of John’s breath on his wet prick almost made him come.
Then the connection was lost.
Also, Eurus had basically been bored out of her mind and wanted to join in the game.
Sherlock noticed John smirking at the floor.
John looked at him sternly and said, “You’re absolutely sure? You can walk?”
, not just any random fellow!” he stammered.
When they broke contact for air, Sherlock gracefully lifted himself and lured John out of the tub with a cheeky smirk. As soon as Sherlock had quickly dried them both off, he guided John to the bedroom, where he proceeded to give him the most spectacular blowjob in the history of time.
“Mrs Hudson watching Eastenders on a Thursday morning at eleven.”
John’s mouth fell open. “Wow. That’s just…” was all he managed, shaking his head.
She stormed out of the house.
In the videos with these two, there had been smiles and a tenderness that had actually surprised Sherlock. Even though they were actors, a lot of it had seemed genuine and spontaneous to a certain extent. There had been no trace of discomfort in the lanky boy’s body language, and Sherlock had enjoyed watching the pair more than he’d thought he would.
Sherlock was quite content with the result himself.
She noticed the man carefully scanning the street as she stepped past him, and went up the stairs, dumbstruck.
“He signed, ‘This is awful. Can’t you tell her to stop talking?’”
John heaved in a breath.
There had been something desperate about John. Something Sherlock had never seen before. Something breathtakingly beautiful: the way he’d muttered an endless string of profanities, the way his breath had hitched, the way he’d cast his eyes upwards, away from what Sherlock was doing to him.
So, just like John had served as Sherlock’s social compass, his guide and translator in the past, last autumn the roles had been reversed and Sherlock had been John’s shoulder to cry on, his true friend he could invariably confide in, and his indispensable giver of advice. John had desperately wanted his child and his life back, and Sherlock had helped him and been there for him every step of the way – even when he had been severely wounded.
Almost.
Sherlock just stared at him in the dim light. A high frown had formed on his forehead. “I think the same is true the other way round,” he said eventually, his voice soft.
to Norway.
Of course, Sherlock let John sleep until he woke up by himself, three hours later (Sherlock having fed Chloe her fruit snack already).
They looked at each other for a stunned moment, not daring to hope.
But later she’d been killed for real, in some country far away. Pakistan or Iran, or something. Or so John had told Molly.
Before he had the chance to become any more philosophical, Greg agitatedly came back into his office with a bunch of envelopes under his arm, unceremoniously throwing them onto his desk before he plonked down into his desk chair himself.
“So I gather I wasn’t making much sense?”
John stopped in his tracks and gaped at Sherlock. “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, and risk me getting arrested?”
In one hand, Sherlock was still awkwardly clutching the bottle of wine.
“I need a second opinion. I want you to be examined by Molly Hooper.”
“Oh God,” Sherlock breathed. “That’s… awful.” He had no idea what else to say, so he just held John even closer.
Then a portrait of Mummy appeared from behind a stack. Sherrinford held it up questioningly. He vaguely pointed at her, then at the Red Square painting.
He was seated behind a long table, together with the director and two other members of the Creative Team. He sat with his legs crossed, letting one shoe dangle from the ball of his foot, so that at least one of his heels was in less pain.
“Yeah.”
“Hmm.”
“Yes, you did,” she said, her voice high-pitched. “And I told you it was a waste of time and effort, as…” She stopped speaking as she noticed her middle son elaborately signing back at Sherlock now. (What she didn’t know was that he asked, “What is she going on about and how much longer will it take until we get some food here?”)
Painful as it was, John noticed that ever since Sherlock had told him, he had become withdrawn, avoiding eye contact and shutting himself off in that way that John had grown accustomed to in their early days together, but which he had not seen in a while (or missed, for that matter). But John couldn’t blame him, what with that memory having suddenly been brought to the surface, undoubtedly bringing a shitload of unwanted emotions with it. It was only natural that he wanted a bit of space, John figured, just like he himself felt he needed some time to let the tornado in his head settle down. Because it raged inside him with an intensity that showed no signs of dwindling just yet.
Sherlock had truly wanted this,
For several wild seconds, he couldn’t move or breathe. He just looked at the scene before him without wanting to see.
His phone’s ringtone cut through his contemplations.
“Did you miss me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why do you do it?” Sherlock asked, weakly.
After the revelation of sex turning out to be something that he could most definitely get used to, he now found that having John in his bed with him, fast asleep and looking so peaceful, was a whole new category of wonderful.
“Well, it’s just like any other language,” Sherlock said, clearly making an enormous effort not to show his annoyance. Meanwhile, he signed along with the words he spoke, so that Sherrinford would also understand what he was saying. “Except it uses movements of your hands, arms and face instead of sounds,” he explained. “It has its own grammar rules, and dialects differ per region.” He mustered an expression that almost looked like a polite smile, but John thought he knew the true nature of it: Sherlock secretly enjoyed the baffled looks of his parents as he’d signed along with all of what he’d just said.
let one of their suspects get away while he was holding him at gunpoint, because he had been too bloody distracted by Sherlock making a specifically brilliant deduction – and generally looking stunning and badass – while handcuffing the other one.
“Nobody saw him,” John assured.
* * * * *
Sherlock had gotten Culverton behind bars, without getting himself killed. Eurus smiled. Jim had won the bet, posthumously. Of course. He was always right.
, which is what I tend to
At how easy it had been to make love to Sherlock.
Sherlock only very reluctantly lent a hand with anything having to do with Christmas, which he never failed to point out was a ridiculous tradition, especially seeing as neither of them was religious. But John demanded they gave Chloe a normal upbringing in all respects they still
Mr and Mrs Holmes seemed rather dumbfounded to hear their middle son’s elaborate descriptions and considerations about his art, which were all very well thought out and sensible, just as one would expect from a proper Holmes.
No one to lessen the feeling of guilt that had unmistakably surfaced on the second day and intermittently took hold of him, after some of the initial shock had worn off.
They both got up from their seats, startled, and walked towards the front door, to see what had happened.
, to match the raw pain in his heart. It was an immense relief to channel these abstract and useless feelings into his body, where he could understand them, and where they were being turned into something beautiful.
And during the day? What did it even mean to be in a relationship? Except the kissing, that was. He knew now what kissing John was like. It was better than crime scenes and cold case files and locked room murder mysteries. Better even than John telling him he was brilliant. Better than anything in the world.
Sherlock blinked. “Yes, yes, of course,” he replied.
Better.
John deliberately kept moving in a gentle slow-motion, taking his time to plant kisses wherever he could reach; making love to Sherlock as he never had to anyone before.
“All done. Let’s go home.”
But nevertheless, finally being able to express himself to some extent, beyond just painting, and being able to really communicate, however minimally, clearly opened a whole new world to him. He seemed revived in ways none of his nurses had ever seen before.
. “But… but you’re straight.”
Within three minutes, they were in a grubby room that was clearly illegally inhabited.
The one striking thing, besides her brilliant acting, was that she was holding her right hand in a strange way, as if her wrist hurt. Like it had been sprained – from something suddenly having been knocked out of her hand.
The men with the windowpane had disappeared down a little corridor behind the kitchen and could now be heard using various tools. The armed agent seemed to have turned into a decorative statue next to the curtains, keeping his eyes fixed on the street below.
“Probably, yeah,” John half-smiled.
John stilled and swallowed.
Late that Wednesday morning, Sherlock actually talked to Amy. Or rather, and even more baffling, she talked to
“What do you mean?”
And then she’d been away half of the time.
Surely she and Sherlock weren’t…
He waited as long as he could before waking him up, until the moment he genuinely feared for the cartilage connecting his ribs. “Sherlock, love,” he then said softly.
However, the mere thought of that possibility almost instantly sent him over the edge, spilling his release into Sherlock’s hand before he’d managed to say anything.
The lube glistened in the faint light of the bedside lamp as Sherlock switched to counter-clockwise circles and back – obviously enjoying the sensation, seeing as his eyes were sensually half-closed and his breathing was becoming increasingly heavy.
When John’s hands reached the small of Sherlock’s back, he pulled Sherlock more tightly towards him, grinding his cock into Sherlock’s thigh, apparently desperate for friction.
Eurus sighed, as she switched on the faint little night lamp in a corner of the furthest part of the derelict building, away from the busy street. She took the cheeseburger from the plastic bag she’d been carrying and sat on a broken chair propped against the wall, to eat.
Sherlock himself had been navigating
“Drink up, and then we’re going to the morgue. Molly’s got a body that Greg wants us to take a look at. I think it’s a seven, at least. I’ve asked Mrs Hudson to look after Rosie.”
His jaw turned slack and he vaguely considered touching himself. It had been a while, after all.
“Oh, it’s Hannah now,” she replied cheerfully, as she was setting down various bags in a corner. “Please don’t ever use my old name. Security reasons. Irene’s dead, remember?”
“What impossible thing?”
“You’ve met Hannah, I believe,” Sherlock said.
John had taken the trouble of refreshing his memory on this about every two hours, with a cheeky grin and sometimes even a sodding
Mycroft had always found the idea of somebody putting someone else’s genitals in their mouth rather appalling indeed, but now that he was seeing it happen, live, he had to admit there was something… fascinating about it. At least the sequence of facial expressions it caused to flow over Sherlock’s face definitely was; as was the sheer variety of techniques John seemed to be employing on Sherlock to this effect, for that matter – from fast and deep to slow and superficial and every variable in between – very effectively making sure Sherlock would not soon get bored and safely remained in full sensory overload, completely at John’s mercy.
“Sherlock, I swear to god, if the man hadn’t been dead already, I would find him right now and strangle him.”
John had no idea how to gauge the odds that the Black Pearl of the Borgias was actually inside that little clump. In a way, it seemed unlikely.
“She heard Nanny Forsyth shout and went outside soon after.”
“My name is Mia,” the man said. “I’m the president.”
She moved slightly forward in her chair and furrowed her brow. “But now comes the interesting bit. The other day, I got so fed up with the whole business, that when he was behind me again as I was on my way to work, I decided to just turn around and approach him. He panicked, started running back the way we’d come – which is when I noticed the snowflake on his back – and then he suddenly dashed into a silversmith’s workshop. I was certain I’d cornered him and decided surely it would not be unsafe for me to follow him into such a posh shop. I swear I entered the tiny shop only seconds after him. Imagine my surprise when he wasn’t there!” She paused, her eyes wide. “There was just the old man behind the counter, working on some piece of jewellery. I asked him where the other guy had gone, of course, but he claimed that nobody had come into his shop all morning. There was only one way he could have gone, of course. There was a door in the far wall with a sign that said ‘private’.”
Sherlock had stopped at the far end of the mortuary and was leaning back against a sink. He was starting to come down hard now. From the cocaine, that was. The effects of heroin lasted longer, and seeing as cocaine countered those, being a stimulant, that made the heroin kick in doubly hard now that the coke was wearing off – but not in a pleasant way.
“Culverton Smith. You’ve probably heard of me.”
They had not yet really started to plan the wedding in earnest, but they did occasionally discuss some details regarding the big day, as they occurred to them. They had decided on the location (The Golden Beehive), the date (a Saturday in September) and who were going to be their best men (Lestrade and Stamford, who had both gladly said yes).
He was now starting to reconsider.
“I’d rather not,” Sherlock said, flatly.
“But we
So he did.
“Er, yes, as a matter of fact, he asked for a transfer back yesterday afternoon.” Bob was now eying Sherlock suspiciously. “Did you
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “But you’re easy to love, John. Any woman having sex with you would probably fall in love with you and want to marry you on the spot.”
Sunshine was coming through the window.
Back then (Sherlock now shamefully realised), it hadn’t even occurred to him to share the information with Scotland Yard, obsessed as he and John had been with finding out what had happened in Tbilisi, while awaiting the right moment to catch Mary red-handed themselves.
John lifted Rosie out of the car, baby seat and all, and carried her into the house. She giggled at the drizzle landing on her little face. John smiled at her.
” Sherlock scoffed.
John had seemed to be taking the whole Mary debacle quite well. Better than he, Sherlock thought, lying on the stretcher in the ambulance while he was being examined by Molly. Although you could never really be sure, with John. While he was an open book in some respects, he was completely unreadable in others. He
This whole episode also put Sherlock’s anxiousness about their current case in a different perspective. Sherlock was clearly exceedingly aware of what could happen to little boys at the mercy of ruthless men. It wasn’t that this thought had never occurred to John, but he simply hadn’t had any reason to dwell on it, seeing as finding the boy ASAP was already the highest priority. But he had now. And he did.
“Jesus,” Sherlock hissed. “It didn’t, alright?” He threw his hands in the air in front of him. “It wasn’t until John got out of his coma, only two months ago.” He briefly closed his eyes. “Anyway, that’s not what I wanted to talk to you about.”
“You,” he managed, somewhat hoarsely, pressing his chin close to his chest, “… are in love with me?” He looked at Sherlock from under his brows.
. I happened to come across them after I’d already made John stare at his shoelaces for several pages (which was simply a narrative device to let the reader know whenever we were back in the ‘present’)  and of course couldn’t resist adding them to the story. :)
Sherlock clenched his jaw. “Your brother chose to take his own life. I had nothing to do with that.”
If he was completely honest, he would want nothing more than for the two of them to move in with Sherlock, as ridiculous and unorthodox as it might sound. Whether that was a good idea, let alone whether Sherlock would even want such a thing, was another matter altogether.
, Sherlock told himself. The visit was the essential part of today’s exercise. “Oh, okay,” he said, off-handedly.
There was no doubt in John’s mind that Sherrinford instantly understood what Sherlock was telling him.
And he’d dragged them all down with him in that obsession, just because what he said, went. Like the angry sea witch with her all-devouring vortex, trying to catch that one ship with the prince on it.
After setting Sherlock’s drink on the coffee table, John sat down on the other end of the sofa, forcing Sherlock to pull up his legs. He rested one hand on Sherlock’s knee, a subtle but calming touch that grounded him. John looked down at him fondly, without asking any attention. His perfect, kind, and wise lover. A steadfast, comforting presence, with a perfect instinct of what to ask and what not to ask of Sherlock. He softly smiled up at John, letting his worries drift away for a bit. John took this as an invitation to let his other hand rest on Sherlock’s thigh and to gently caress him there. Then again, maybe he was rather explicitly asking for it, lying there in just his pants. He still had to get used to John being genuinely attracted to him and wanting to
With some imagination, it sounded just as if she was playing Jingle Bells.
He made an excuse to go to bed early. Once in his old room, he sat down on the bed and texted John.
“Good,” John breathed. “Let’s go.”
Recognising this, John actually felt quite sorry for him.
“I mean, I’m aware of this morning’s developments. So are we all still meeting?”
“No! Never.” Craig shook his head, frowning hard.
Once at the museum, Sherrinford stopped signing and interacting with Sherlock. He just looked. Looked and looked and looked, soaking in all the art, all the different art styles, colours, techniques.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, clearly uneasy. “Please, for the love of god, don’t tell anyone she’s here, or that she’s alive at all, for that matter. Do you promise?”
Eurus contemplates her life (and her motive for shooting John), Sherlock keeps solving cases at John’s bed (which might sound familiar to anyone who has watched TFP…), and Janine is a good friend, making Sherlock finally fully acknowledge his feelings for John.
“I don’t know,” John said, taking a few steps towards him, his cheeks a slight pink. “I guess I love you just the way you are. As a man.” He took Sherlock in his arms and let their foreheads rest against one another.
The only problem was Sherlock’s drug addiction now standing between them, which was no minor thing, naturally. It was, in fact, like a huge monster, lurking at him from every shadow. How they were going to defeat this demon, he still did not know, but they would, somehow. Together.
It was only then that Sherlock remembered his Plan B. He hadn’t done all that research for nothing. But the stupid tar made it impossible to remember stuff properly. (He should really quit soon. That’s right,
. And I figured you weren’t exactly bursting with enthusiasm to see him either,
On the way to Steve Meredith’s house, John’s phone beeped. It was a message from Baron Beverly.
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair and turned back to his desk. More specifically, to the papers lying scattered across it. He still couldn’t make any sense of the facts surrounding his latest case.
Smith gestured his wrists towards the bed. “I was trying to help him!”
“The least likely disguise. Not a moustache or a beard. A woman. I could go as a woman.”
“Listen, er,” John said, “tomorrow morning, when I’m at work, Molly will come here to stay with you until lunch. Then Mrs Hudson will come up in the afternoon, until I’m back, okay? The day after, it will be Greg and Mycroft taking turns.”
, but nothing.”
Sherlock quickly did as told, a smug grin on his face.
to top him??
God, he was insufferable even when he was high.
He would ask John to marry him.
Sherlock, on his end, had the task ahead of donning a perfect disguise, so that Eurus would not recognise him, if she actually did show up. His job during the audition was in turn to recognise Eurus through
How on earth was he ever going to find out what happened that day, that so radically changed both their lives?
Here went nothing.
“I’d better go now. Bye!”
He quickly wiped away his tears when he heard Mrs Hudson come up the stairs.
“With the dildo,” Sherlock whispered into his ear, clarifying, as he gently pulled John towards the bed. He tumbled backwards onto the mattress, taking John with him, at which both let out a giggly grunt. “So, do you want to see?”
They walked to the limo that would take them to the hospital, where Smith was apparently doing some sort of charity visit. Just PR, of course. Why Sherlock had agreed to come too was just one of today’s mysteries.
“Kindly bugger off,” he told her back quietly.
for dessert.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, letting out a sigh. “Alright.”
But perhaps his fall had been a blessing in disguise. At least he was in a hospital now, because of his wounds (minor ones, but not completely innocent in his condition). Here, they could wean him off the drugs; take care of him.
He just hoped Mycroft was going to be alright.
Harry had been feeling horrible about that ever since, but somehow, she hadn’t been able to muster the initiative to get in touch. She didn’t even know how Mary died, except that it had been some sort of accident.
Sherlock turned back crossly. “They dropped me. Twice.”
With many thanks to deaflock for letting me ask her a million questions about being deaf and for proofreading this chapter! And also once more to Mamaorion for the beta, as well as my long time betas mydogwatson and Jonathan, of course.
* * * * *
Sherlock was in fact much needier than John had ever expected, and much more physical as well – once he’d gotten past his initial inhibitions. His advances sometimes practically bordered on sluttish behaviour, which made John smile inwardly. (He definitely wasn’t complaining.)
John pressed his lips together to half-heartedly suppress a mischievous smile. “Hmm. Would you like some fried eggs?”
Sherlock looked up at her, shocked. She’d teased him about John before, implied things in a tongue-in-cheek sort of way. But now she was dead serious. Her eyes were even sadder than before.
They went to Hyde Park together, had some lunch at the restaurant next to the lake and then had a quiet afternoon at the flat with hot chocolate milk and homemade cake, which John had baked from a packet.
He sighed and tried to ignore the stab in his heart as images of Giovanni floated into his mind, picturing – as if he had seen it only yesterday – his radiant smile, which had practically been ever-present during the endless afternoons they’d spent together on the grassy hills between the olive orchards of Tuscany.
“What?! Another Moriarty?? Blimey.”
John felt a strange mix of sadness and pride. He had no idea what was going on, but seeing that Sherlock was capable of this, John felt his last tiny shreds of doubt about their new relationship vanish.
“Ah. Yes, they
He took the letter and went back home.
“Sherlock,” John managed, between all the snogging, “you have to
They spent the rest of the afternoon drinking chamomile tea, listening to Christmas music – which suddenly sounded much less tacky than it always had before – and reminiscing over Christmases past: how John had been jealous of Irene (Hannah) that one time, and how Mrs Hudson was always trying to make Sherlock wear the antlers.
And shortly afterwards, only a week into his recovery of his bullet wound to the chest, he’d moved heaven and earth to show John who his wife really was and encouraged them to
- - It is essential that Bob and Jack think that your uncle in South Africa has died. Please ensure to pass this piece of false information to either of them. It’s important. Add that you didn’t really know him and don’t want to talk about it. SH
Thirsty, though.
“Oh, my little pumpkin. Yes, I was gone for
The idea crossed John’s mind to enforce a speed limit on Sherlock’s speech when other people – like himself – were in the room, but instead of suggesting anything of the kind, he just said “Hmm.”
, he thought to himself. Well, never mind him, now.
The sensation of being filled with John’s hard cock took over all active parts of his brain, washing out the annoyingly incoherent foggy shreds of useless, random, dreamy images that had been unsolicitedly invading his mind. There was only John, wonderfully aroused John,
This time, however, there was no answer when she knocked. So she tried the door.
What Sherlock still hadn’t been able to figure out, back then, was who this man was that Mary had been working with. He had suspected Moriarty’s sibling, the genderqueer brother, whom he had shadowed for some time while dismantling Moriarty’s network two years ago. But he had seemed to be living an ordinary enough life, working as an actor, taking lots of female roles – that is, as long as he wasn’t being kicked out of theatre companies for impossible behaviour. And visiting his shrink. (Sherlock remembered him being especially peeved at not getting the role of Ophelia in a modern, partly genderbent rendition of Hamlet. The red-haired hipster had left a trail of kicked over bins on his way home.)
The bath indeed turned out to be a welcome diversion after all the questions, forms and witness statements they had to deal with over the following couple of days.
the link to the post on my blog. :)
Without hesitation, John put down his paper and headed for the stairs. A moment later, Sherlock followed behind him.
It wasn’t her.
“Well, it’s truly lovely to have you all here,” Mummy Holmes declared. “Especially including Sherrinford, now that they have finally started relaxing all those ghastly restrictions, so that I can at last sit with all three of my sons once more, as it’s supposed to be.”
A few days later, when Sherlock had still not raised any objections, despite a good number of insinuating remarks by John semi-innocuously referring to birthdays and parties, John had eventually asked Sherlock straight-up if he would enjoy celebrating his fortieth with all of his friends and family there.
John furrowed his brow, uncomprehending.
“Where did you take off from?”
That had done the trick. He’d known that her pregnancy had made Mary extra sensitive to bad odours, so she thankfully changed her mind.
“And he’s never… I don’t know, tried to kill one?”
Once they arrived in the room in the other wing, it quickly became clear that the French teacher still had most of his clothes on the chair next to his bed and probably left only partly dressed. There were no coat or pyjamas to be found. Other than an unsurprising interest in French art, music and literature, and the fact that he was an seasoned chain smoker, not much could be learnt from his room.
“I certainly did not!”
Honestly, the irony of a man going to see someone for his trust issues and his therapist then assaulting him was the harshest turn of fate Sherlock thought he’d ever seen befall someone.
Always a treat, that one.
So while IC doctors were busy saving John’s life, Sherlock called Lestrade – who he correctly expected was still at the therapist’s house, having arrived only after the ambulance had left. He paced up and down the hospital corridor as he spoke into his phone. “Greg, you need to arrange security for John. Right away. She’ll come back and try to kill him again. There’s no doubt about it. He can’t be left alone in the hospital.”
All the rumours and misassumptions from people presuming they were together, that they’d endured for
?” John huffed. This was unbelievable. The twat. “Do you want me to show you some exciting fun, right here, right now?” John said, ominously quiet and with a mischievous smirk. He didn’t bother to wait for a response and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s in the middle of the pavement. That would teach him.
She’d simply pointed out she’d be leaving the country again the next day.
“Jesus, sorry,” John said, holding on to a lamp post with a faint smile. “Perhaps I slightly overestimated myself.”
Thankfully, it lasts an eternity. Galaxies form and disappear while their mouths merge.
Sometimes he’d sensed things, thought he saw a longing glance or detected a deeper meaning in a casual touch or remark. It had happened already before Sherlock’s faked death, four years ago. So often their eyes had been all but glued to each other in this strange, magical way. And Sherlock had literally made uncountable ambiguous comments from the moment they’d met that could easily be interpreted as flirtatious; one of the first and most notable instances being when he’d implied he was asking John on a date, when John had said he was already going to the circus with Sarah. (“A date, where two people who like each other go out and have fun,” John had clarified, regarding his plans with Sarah, to which Sherlock had replied, “That’s what I was suggesting.”) And then there had always been Sherlock’s refraining from any sort of comment when people presumed they were boyfriends, which had happened
“I did no such thing, don’t worry,” Sherlock replied smoothly. Then, turning his attention back to Violet, “The main thing is that
Molly got into the back and strapped Rosie into the baby seat that they had thankfully arranged to be there.
* * * * *
“Sherlock has not been out of the flat for a week, but he is now. It’s not looking good, John. I’m worried. He seems determined to take his frustration out on the world.”
Rimming could wait.
As John gradually started to discern the words, he realised they were customer’s names. This was the bloody sales book and not the purchase book, dammit. He hastily put it back and was about to grab what was hopefully the right one from a higher shelf when he heard footsteps right on the other side of the door. Too late. He jumped to where the desk phone was and pretended to have just put it down, right in time.
In the meanwhile, her thoughts turned back to the other interesting project that had presented itself.
He quickly shook those thoughts away. He had long promised himself he’d make sure John would never feel like that again. What was more, he now had the new privilege of actively making John
Finding the name of the theatre group that was going to hold auditions for Hamlet turned out to be a rather bigger challenge than expected. Searching for ‘Hamlet London’ or ‘auditions Shakespeare’ led absolutely nowhere. But eventually, after a whole morning of frustrated google searches, Sherlock found the website of a small local theatre showing an image with an audition announcement for Hamlet in a corner of their “next projects” page. They would take place on 23 September at 7 pm. No need to sign up in advance.
Come to think of it, John hadn’t felt this much at ease himself for a long time. Things with Mary had finally been settled, mostly anyway, and he was gradually starting to feel he’d gotten his life back. Sitting in front of the crackling fire with Sherlock, he found himself wishing time would stop and they could just sit here in their chairs like this forever. He wished he could make Sherlock smile all the time in that precious tentative and semi-shy way, which did something to John’s insides, something wonderful and nauseating at the same time. Something that made him want to take Sherlock’s face in his hands and...
“You do realise I’m not letting you go there by yourself, don’t you?” John looked playful, but Sherlock was very aware that he was dead serious. “I’m not trusting you to just put up a poster near that place without going in to explore the
Singing to her had eventually done the trick – which had also been more enjoyable for himself than John had ever thought it could be. He should remember that for next time. He hadn’t sung in ages.
sorry, Irene.
* * * * *
Excellent. He must indeed have blacked out for a minute.
Of course, now that he thought about it, he couldn’t stop imagining it. In the middle of a male patient’s STD check. This was not good.
It was only a fleeting moment.
They giggled a little more as Sherlock safely put it in an inside pocket of his coat. “There.”
“I’ve been trying to tell you, I never talk to
’. Three little green broken chocolate dragons were partly sunken into the layer of molten chocolate on top.
“The Ring? No, there’s no ring in it, I don’t think.” Sherlock briefly bit his lip, before continuing, “It goes like this: There was once a merchant in the famous market at Baghdad. One day, he saw a stranger looking at him in surprise... and he knew that the stranger was Death. Pale and trembling, the merchant fled the marketplace and made his way many, many miles to the city of Samarra, for there he was sure Death could not find him. But when at last he came to Samarra, the merchant saw, waiting for him, the grim figure of Death. ‘Very well,’ said the merchant. ‘I give in. I am yours. But tell me: why did you look surprised when you saw me this morning in Baghdad?’ ‘Because,’ said Death, ‘I had an appointment with you tonight – in Samarra.’”
“And that is?”
“There is sometimes great value in unconsciously made connections in dreams,” Sherlock explained, a little defensively, “as well as in what people have come to call ‘gut feeling’, which is really – in both cases – just a matter of your brain making logical connections between things you might not have registered on a conscious level, but which your neurons have nevertheless stowed away somewhere.
“I’ve got a
“Hmm. If you’re asking me on a date to a fancy restaurant, as I understand is the case, you should ask me properly, though.”
She walked across to the French windows and turned the key in the lock of the door, removing it before she turned back to him.
John couldn’t help his eyes straying to Sherlock’s lips for a second, then blinked. “I have missed you, too.” He swallowed, not sure what to say next.
“You must have done.”
John looked at him with his mouth agape. “You know what, I rather think she
,” Sherlock repeated, with emphasis.
“Yeah,” Sherlock heard Greg say. “Still working on that robbery-turned-homicide on one of the Borgias, the owners of the Black Pearl, from almost a year ago. The victim’s sister is driving us insane with weekly emails with newspaper clippings about the case from back in Italy, telling us what a disgrace it is that even we can’t solve it. And seeing as the murdered sister – or half-sister, I should say – had a British mother, and therefore, a British passport, the other sister expects us to put in more effort than the Slovenian police, who couldn’t care less, according to her, just because the pair happened to be in their country when her sister was murdered for their special pearl. ‘La Speciale’ is what the bloody thing is apparently called over there.” Greg sighed and showed them a picture on his phone that the only remaining Ms Borgia had sent him. There were several clippings in one image, the headlines of which read:
Sherlock had deduced back then that she’d probably used dice to determine where she went, linking the numbers to references in a pocket atlas, or something of the sort.
His heart skipped a beat when he met John’s soft eyes and sensed the way his presence in the flat seemed to change the entire atmosphere of the place into something... homey. “I’m going to be very blunt, because I see no other way of doing this, and you know me by now anyway.”
Those eyes, despite avoiding direct eye contact, inquisitively scanned the both of them in that fast, casual way that John was so familiar with. Still, his gaze appeared magnetically drawn to Sherlock’s, and for one magical moment, they looked straight at each other.
John chortled. “Sounds like you could write a novel as well, if you wanted. Or an action series.”
The only person he could picture himself romantically
Just as he gently started carding his hand through Sherlock’s luscious curls, making Sherlock’s eyes fall closed and his jaw go slack, Rosie called them. Over the baby monitor they heard her start crying with quickly increasing volume, informing them that every passing second nobody had yet arrived in her room was one too many.
Sherlock opened his hand and watched the silly googly-eyed stress ball resume its original shape in his palm.
Once all that had been managed (including the adventure of acquiring and subsequently mastering the workings of the hotel’s only electric kettle, for the preparation of Rosie's formula), they went for dinner in the restaurant downstairs.
“But er... ever since I moved back in with you, or actually, it might even have been long before that, maybe even since we started living together in the first place – anyway...”
, but right now we hardly know a
The perfect opportunity to spy on Sherlock.
“I don’t do handshakes,” Smith said, as he started to walk towards Sherlock again. “It’ll have to be a hug.”
“Ah, yes. Chloe was trying to
They remained hunched like that for a while.
Smith straightened up and started to walk away. “See you at the hospital.”
Sherlock had been caught in the same circle of despair so often by now, that he should really know how to handle it.
“Ah.” There was a silence. “Do we have to do this? I know that it undoubtedly occupies your thoughts, but is this really necessary? He couldn’t help himself back then, Sherlock. There’s no point in dwelling on the consequences of other people’s intractable, extreme emotions, brother mine. You should focus on keeping your own in check.” He sounded tired. “Solve the case you’re working on. Your biggest and most important case to date.”
Dear Lord, it definitely worked for
But fantasising about it was one thing. Now that it came down to it, adrenalin seemed to be strangely clouding his ability to think. Nevertheless, he knew one thing beyond all doubt: he didn’t want to lose John. He had to ensure that he did everything it took to make John want to stay.
John had finally asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock swallowed, feeling moisture collect behind his eyes. He shook his head.
As Sherlock zoomed in on the west coast of Norway on Google Maps, village names like Grøa, Kvikne, Hell, Lesjaverk and Fagerhaug appeared on the screen, conjuring foreign images in their minds of picturesque hamlets surrounded by snowy mountain tops.
Only then did Sherlock become properly aware of their position. John had his legs wide open, knees pointing outward, on either side of Sherlock’s knees.
“It’s more than a getaway, John. It’s a treasure hunt!” Sherlock balled his fist in enthusiasm. Then he cleared his throat. “Not a case, though, mind. We’re not going to bend over backwards to find it. It’s only a pearl, after all. We just give it a try and see. Just for fun.”
As his eyes fell on the swirly blue line on the packaging of the chocolate chip cookies, his thoughts were pulled back in another direction.
. Whatever he now was to him, exactly.
Lestrade rolled his eyes, wearily, but fondly. “Over there.”
. There would be no choice after this.) “I know,” he said, casually.
Sherlock grabbed his hand again, desperately holding onto it with both of his.
“Oh no. No, not endless,” Sherlock replied gravely.
Sherlock picked up an envelope from a pile of advertising leaflets on the table. “What’s this?”
Earlier that day, they’d taken John for another CT-scan, on which the swelling in his brain
Sherlock wasn’t sure whether he cared. Lestrade had a team outside surrounding the house anyway. And it was just a pearl. (You could always just get another one.)
All he could do was hope he would manage to postpone having to put his newly acquired – but still essentially incomplete – knowledge into practice until after tonight.
A blue light flashed in the room, briefly making John wonder if there was a police car by the window. But the source was a small, round lamp attached to the wall near the door, announcing the arrival of Eric, who was bringing tea.
: their murder victim!
Sherlock gave his first blowjob – which only lasted two minutes, because John practically came the instant Sherlock touched him with his tongue, and climaxed for real as soon as he used all of his mouth and applied the lightest of suction.
A choked sob escaped the boy’s throat.
Amy recognised Sherlock even before realising that he was disguised as one of the builders. “Mr Holmes!” she gasped. Her secondary reaction, though, was not what he had expected at all. She giggled. Only then did it visibly dawn on her. “Oh! Are you
“Well, yes. Anyway, Professor Jonathan White was a colleague of mine. Also a mathematician, but working on astrophysics rather than the field of thermodynamics, one floor up from where I was. He was always going on and on about his latest theories on asteroids, but the man never bothered to write anything
Then he sat and waited again.
“I called
It was frankly a miracle, though, that Sherlock had even survived said christening at all.
They all stopped walking. Moore turned down the corners of his mouth and shrugged. “Maybe he didn’t want to be seen on the corridor?”
Sherlock blinked, stupefied.
As John took off his shoes and kicked them under the coffee table, Sherlock meticulously observed him, judging whether he might be in the mood for physical intimacy. John looked tired but relaxed and Sherlock decided to go in for another kiss, making it slow and elaborate. Endorphins washed over Sherlock as John melted into his embrace and slowly let himself fall back towards the other end of the sofa, taking Sherlock with him. They rearranged their legs to be able to comfortably lie together and Sherlock revelled in the feeling of having maximum surface contact with his lover, feeling his presence with every part of his body and knowing John wasn’t soon going anywhere. He didn’t want to think about how he might not always be able to do this, about how these things,
Did Sherlock really feel like that? Funny that he should doubt that, he thought, as it was definitely exactly how John felt about
“At least she has relatively good timing, for once,” John jested, as he got out of bed and quickly put on some pyjama bottoms.
“Utter, utter cock.” He smiled, despairingly.
John took the bottle from him with obvious hesitation. “Listen, er, I need you to know that I’m not sure if I’ll ever, um…, want to switch, you know. I’m just not ready for that, I think. I feel you should know that, before we do this.”
Of course, their significantly lower stress levels might have had something to do with that as well.
The sight of his partner lying there utterly relaxed and so ready for him stopped John’s breath for a second. How he adored this man, this strange, self-confident, arrogant, brilliant git of a beautiful lover.
“Is this Doctor John Watson?” an unfamiliar voice said.
.” Mrs. Hudson’s voice sounded slightly more high-pitched than he remembered.
When John became aware of Sherlock subtly rutting against his hip, John quickly took matters into his own hands and made sure that several neighbours raised their eyebrows at Sherlock’s reaching completion some minutes later.
Sherlock looked at John, who seemed both impressed and moved. Then at his brother, who was looking on with patient anticipation.
The goldsmith turned out to be the sort of person who only became more calm when other people panicked (not unlike John himself, ironically), but he did seem genuinely worried and thankfully did not try to talk John out of calling 999. “The phone is behind the counter,” he pointed.
only essential for case-related stuff, but also on a personal level, you know?” He turned towards Sherlock. “I love you, and I want to keep loving you for a very long time. But for that, I need to
Or did it?
that John’s feelings towards him had been becoming more… sentimental, lately? What if
“Oh, that was just something I...” He smiled, shaking his head, and took a breath “... I said. I’m sure there’s...” He stopped, looking at her for a long moment. “How did you know about that? I didn’t tell you that.”
Eric here. To bring him pieces of melon. Nice.
The Work was hardly the most important thing, after all.
“Finish your coffee. We need to arrange things with Greg for the 23
John put the baby seat on the floor and closed his front door behind him, shutting out the rain.
“Don’t worry, I wasn’t really.” He groggily turned towards Sherlock, listening.
Sherlock turned his head toward John’s face to reply, but the only response his brain was apparently capable of with John pressed close to him like this was to kiss him. It was a motionless locked-lips kiss, which froze time and made Sherlock’s mind go blissfully peaceful and still. That was, until he suddenly became aware of a half-hard prick pressing against his leg, which promptly made his heart beat in his ears.
“Is this still okay?” John asked, once again.
But above all, he felt
Sherrinford swallowed, and looked at the floor in front of him, motionless.
“Oh? Please enlighten me with your theory, then.” When clients had their own suspects, they were usually right and the cases rarely were worth his effort.
Now that they had, it had definitely added a new layer to their relationship. John felt sure he wouldn’t see Sherlock the same way after tonight and his feelings for him had impossibly intensified because of it.
“Plagiarised it. Didn’t you know? Couldn’t keep up her previous level of productivity once she’d had kids, I guess. The world is not fair for women.” She sniggered. “I hated my dad. God, he was
The kiss slowed further until both their movements practically came to a halt and they stood almost motionless with their lips pressed together, eyes closed.
“You didn’t see him take the scalpel?” Lestrade asked, for the second time.
When Sherlock opens his eyes a crack and looks at him from the corner of his eye, John’s heart skips a beat. With bated breath, he waits for Sherlock to tell him to bugger off and get away from him – but he doesn’t. In this complete silence, during which John contemplates the consequences of Sherlock pushing him away, he realises that not ever being allowed to touch him again might actually be preferable to Sherlock expecting the two of them to simply give each other meaningless blowjobs every now and then from now on. The thought breaks his heart, making him recognise how deep in he is.
“No, I mean what airport are you...”
It was a small price to pay for capturing a Moriarty.
“I... er… I wouldn’t know. I haven’t seen her in about thirty years.” He stretched out one arm to pick up the purple ring that was rolling away almost out of reach. “She didn’t want to have anything to do with my dad anymore, her brother.” While he spoke, John kept interacting cheerfully with Rosie, with whom he was building a rainbow tower. “Only about ten years ago did I realise it was because of my dad’s drinking.”
Shock and surprise on his face. Sadness.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” John said. “Maybe you should take some rest. Not bake so many things for the world at large,” he jested, even though deep down, he worried about her. She had always been in very good health ever since he’d known her.
Bright sunlight streamed in through the windows.
Afterwards, John ventures, “I didn’t want a blowjob, I wanted
Sherlock was mainly happy that Sherrinford finally got some recognition and appreciation for his extraordinary self-taught skill.
In the following days, he’d started doing research into supported living residences and group homes for deaf people and finding out what their waiting lists were like. He was intent on giving Sherrinford the opportunity to move to one of those, should he wish to at some point in the future, rather than staying on the closed unit of a home for people with profound learning disabilities, which was a label that had now become obvious didn’t apply to him at all.
? I never wear it anyway.” Mrs. Hudson clasped her hands together in bewilderment.
Sherlock had loved the way John had become undone below him, moaning and whimpering as if he were in danger of dying of pleasure. It felt as if he suddenly had magical powers, being able to make John squirm under his touch like that.
John took a few more steps, so he could see inside again.
Sherlock almost spit out his latte. Then he cleared his throat, and said, “Well. That might be… Yes. That is actually a very sensible idea. It’s what people do, isn’t it? Just to be sure. I mean, even though I’ve never… I could theoretically still have been… you know, when I used… Yes, well. We should make an appointment.”
It was a holiday, after all.
That happened sometimes.
“Oh, he’s just upstairs, changing a nappy,” the pretty lady said pleasantly. “I’ll go and get him.”
He didn’t, settling for a friendly nod.
“Dreams are hardly interesting for such a purpose,” Sherlock mumble-whispered, waving away the idea with a flick of his wrist. “
“Alone?”
Although Sherlock did not entirely dismiss the possibility that the note might be genuine after all and that Arthur had simply been whisked off to France by his own mother, he saw no point in attempting to contribute to that line of investigation, seeing as the police were clearly so very enthusiastically pursuing it already. He still thought it most likely that a third, unknown party was involved in this.
Hopefully they like it.
“Perhaps one of your pupils? An adolescent with a crush?”
Then it was as if a giant cogwheel in his head turned ninety degrees and he was suddenly able to see from a new angle. From there, he could almost literally hear things click into place, as he deduced what was going on.
John bit his lip.
Why did he even keep checking the clock? Sherlock turned his head away from the red digits on the bedside table, instead looking down at his hands. Hands that had touched John, explored his body, made him climax. Even though it had been mere days, it felt like a distant memory already.
Quite extraordinary.
A melancholic expression passed over his brother’s face. “Same as always, I suppose. Hard to tell.” He pursed his lips. “Why don’t you visit him yourself?”
Sherlock Holmes was back at Baker Street and John Watson still remained with Rose in the suburbs. And then, of course, the damned baby had been born (whom Rose had called Rosie! Wasn’t that just a screamer?).
He tried to think of experiments he’d been meaning to do, that he could now finally carry out without interruption. But he couldn’t think of a single one that was worth getting off the sofa for.
Emptiness.
be able to give Rosie his full attention for as long as either of them liked.
John was all he ever needed.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows, gaping at John with big eyes. “Did she just--?”
The next day, Sherlock had shyly asked, “Can I do it again?” And John had smiled and simply unbuckled his belt, without a word, in the middle of the kitchen. Then, he’d casually strolled to their bedroom, and Sherlock had followed him like a hungry predator.
“No I won’t,” John said, a sudden hoarseness creeping into his voice. “Because my answer is ‘yes’. I will marry you.” The initial feeling of amusement had completely dissolved into a rather overwhelming swirl of emotions he couldn’t even identify. At the same time, he had never been more certain of anything in his life.
John was beyond exhausted.
She was fast. She had opened her laptop on the side table and had apparently done a quick google search on Sherlock Holmes before they’d even crossed the hallway. Pushing her glasses up her nose, she bent down to the computer and ran her finger over the pad, clicking on another search suggestion. “This, I think, is relevant from this morning,” she said.
One evening, when they’d been sitting on the sofa, exhausted, silent, John had taken Sherlock’s hand in his. His fingers had gently closed around Sherlock’s, which had been resting on his thigh. It had felt so natural, feeling John’s warmth seep through his skin.
Sherlock’s eyebrows had shot up and a faint smile started to play around his lips as he stared blankly ahead.
“So can I deduce from this,” John asked, “that you have no objections against engaging in ‘gay stuff’ yourself, then?” John grinned tentatively. “Because, to be honest, I thought that perhaps that wasn’t your thing. That kind of intimacy, I mean.”
Sherlock choked out a sob as it hit him that he no longer needed to be afraid of his own impulses. And then, in under a minute in total, his body clenched and he came, hard.
Sherlock frowned.
John, who had taken a seat in his usual chair, said, “Let us see if we can be of any help, then… er…
“Just keep doing what you’re doing already and you’re good,” John said, with a clear lump in his throat as well.
this is not some lost cousin? This man is positively
John crossed the downstairs hallway and went up the stairs.
.” With a playful growl he softly gnawed at Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock giggled and briefly lifted himself to a half-sitting position to pull John back down on top of him.
“Sounds great,” John said, sipping his tea. “Is the pay alright?”
On the stage on the far end there was a colourful bunch gathered. Men in tacky and mostly glittery women’s clothing seemed to be discussing who was to stand where, apparently preparing some sort of act. A brief glance at a poster on the wall right next to John told him The Hounslow Cross-dressing Club was to appear in a local charity event the week after next, raising money for a local children’s hospital.
“Intelligent though they are,” Sherlock concluded, “our parents were very much… emotionally absent, as it’s apparently called. I also came across the term ‘emotionally illiterate’, which I think applies rather well to them also, despite the large contrast with their profound educational literacy.”
“I think we very well might. And I definitely very much hope so.” John was smiling calmly, while inwardly, he was screaming ‘Oh, god yes, please be mine forever’.
“So sorry that took me so long,” the nurse said, carrying a tray with tea. “There you go.”
He’d made a list, somewhere.
Sherlock winced at the mental image, suddenly very aware of what it must have been like for John to keep living in that house afterwards, together with the man who’d inadvertently killed his mother.
Hannah was so happy for them. She had begun to think she’d never see the day they would finally find one another. But they had. (And she was actually here to see it, too.)
“Think about,” Sherrinford signed, pensively.
Folded up in his chair near the fireplace, Sherlock looked at the fine hairs on Redbeard’s snout, the shiny patch on his healthily wet nose, the two large, dark, loyal eyes. All captured so naturally. So perfectly. Sherlock thought he could almost smell him again, so clear and vivid was the memory this painting evoked. As if his pet could jump off the canvas any minute, right into his arms.
When she spotted a small piece of paper lying below the window sill, the size of a receipt, she bent down to look at it more closely.
Finally.
Three days earlier, the young lady – blond, chubby, early twenties – rang the doorbell to 221B. She stepped into the flat with an easy smile, as if she’d been there many times before, but without being impertinent. She seemed well-educated and intelligent enough, fortunately, and didn’t appear overly surprised when the first thing Sherlock said after offering her a seat was “music teacher?” She just smiled and nodded.
To keep up the illusion that John was there, looming over him, keeping him safe, Sherlock started to touch himself the way John used to touch him, stroking slowly yet firmly. He desperately needed to get rid of the tension in his body, of the paralysing apprehension that blocked his mind’s abilities.
“And what?”
“The person who shot me in Magnussen’s office will appear here any moment. If you sit in my wheelchair over there, the backlight will make it seem like you’re me, that is, if you turn your coat collar up and ruffle your hair a little. Like this.” Sherlock had then carefully reached up and combed his long fingers through John’s hair – a touch that had made other hairs on John’s body stand on end as well, for reasons he hadn’t wanted to think about.
with John, of course.
But never more.
And he hated being crippled like that.
“Hello, the name is Moore. I was asked to show you around, sir.”
That evening, after an early supper, as Sherlock was putting the leftovers in the fridge, John walked up to him and hugged him from behind. “I think
In the 2.3 seconds he was pondering this question, John suddenly let out a surprised gasp. Sherlock hadn’t touched him, and it took him several milliseconds to realise it had been his breath. To double-check, he softly blew some air over John’s hole.
“To be honest, I had a funny feeling about this ‘freelance group’ from the beginning,” Vivian Norbury had said, “but Lady Smallwood had needed to act quickly. And this team had at least been in the region already. But they’d never worked with MI5 before, and their credentials were iffy at best.” She had looked thoughtful. “They called themselves The Peppers, I recall. Funny name.”
that he cared. Either way, it had brought them closer together than ever before.
Just as the waiter brought them their main course, Sherlock’s phone rang.
He’d decided to go and visit his brother alone today.
After a few days, once they had all gotten used to the name change and John had still had no second thoughts, he sent out a group email to a small circle of friends and acquaintances announcing his daughter’s new name, accompanied by a selfie of the three of them next to a fjord.
* * * * *
John was busy in the kitchen, which he’d secretively declared forbidden territory for Sherlock until further notice.
As soon as Sherlock had hit ‘send’, he quickly deleted both messages from Violet’s account.
“That is odd, indeed,” Sherlock said. He thought for a bit. “And Mummy was actually in the kitchen when it happened? And she heard
Then they both burst into giggles.
When the bottle was ready and Hannah made to take Rosie back from him, he instead took the bottle from Hannah and went to sit with Rosie in his chair, supporting her little head in the crook of his arm, so she could drink. “You need a rest,” he said to Hannah, his eyes still fixed on Rosie. The little girl’s closed eyes signalled her approval of having been given her milk, while she diligently sucked at the teat.
So they kissed and kissed, finally liberated from their long-term mortal threat and the accompanying crazy high-level stress they’d endured for so long.
Sherlock sat down in the nearest chair, which was at a small dinner table covered with stacks of magazines and photo books, and John did the same.
Sherlock’s breathing became somewhat more shallow as he tried to picture himself and John in the various positions, wondering what John would be like during sex: whether he would be shy or assertive, gentle or dominant. Sherlock had felt John’s passion when they'd kissed, but he knew that John was not the type to push boundaries or be selfish. If Sherlock would just be able to relax enough, it had to be possible to manage penetration without too much difficulty. It
The top shelf inside the cabinet was empty. Sherlock bent down to look at the next shelf, on which lay a sheet-covered body. “Tough crowd,” he replied dryly. He closed the door and turned around.
The Georgian estate building where Sherrinford lived was surrounded by old beech and pine trees, which were softly rustling in the breeze. Several of the residents were sitting outside in their wheelchairs or wandering about the lawn for some fresh air. One man, who was transporting logs in a wheelbarrow, kept stopping to wave elaborately at everyone he saw, including them.
Of course, this wasn’t really any wonder at all. The deceit the man had suffered from as many as three different women whom he’d allowed into his closest personal sphere – and who had turned out to be only two different, but very dangerous individuals in reality – was more than anyone would be able to bear. And while the first instance of deceit was already reason enough for him to go back into therapy, his cursed fake therapist shooting him had obviously depleted any remaining mental resilience he might have had left.
“Well, I don’t really see how that could be of any relevance,” she started to say, hesitantly, as her eyes restlessly scanned the detective’s face.
John cursed softly. Sherlock was right; he’d completely lost his mind. He rested his forehead against the nape of Sherlock’s neck, taking a calming breath. Then he awkwardly pulled his pants back up over his still erect cock, unable to suppress the impulse to press it against the glittery fabric covering Sherlock’s arse one more time as he continued to marvel at the way the seemingly liquid gold fell across his back and shoulders. The tantalising mix of feminine and masculine was driving him mad. It was as if hitherto separate compartments of his sexual desire were suddenly united, creating new cross connections in his mind that ignited with sparks of a fresh intensity.
He took a few sips of his tea. “Since I happened to be in the neighbourhood, I thought I’d do a young lady a favour. There is this girl in my yoga class--”
When they reached the bit where she was being read her rights, Sherlock let out a long sigh and pulled off his wig.
Now that she saw Sherlock like this, being his genuine self, tenderly making love to John, her lingering bitterness seeped away and she could only feel happy for them both. It just looked...
Sherlock sighed inaudibly.
He did have a point there, sadly. But what on earth was the context here?
with John and Rosie, I mean? Although with the two of you sitting apart like this, it’s probably hard to tell, so I guess it doesn’t really matter. If anything, people probably thought you and
Frustratingly, there wasn’t much else to spend his brain energy on.
John ignored that. She was gone, after all, and he never needed to hear her egocentric, arrogant comments ever again. But it would probably take a while before all the memories had faded. The house was filled with them.
“Did she start a Twitter account just to point out when I’m wrong?”
Greg then turned to Sherlock, who was now sitting up respectably on the sofa next to John, and he frowned, incredulous. “Wait, are you
John was smiling at him, tentatively biting his lip. He still seemed intent on following through on this.
Turning a little more serious, he looked at Chloe and said, “I am honoured to become your second dad, Chloe.” He swallowed hard. “I will try to be the very best father I can.”
Harry’s mouth fell slightly open. “Um, I’m here for John Watson,” she said stupidly.
Several hours later, he was going over the results of his experiment, sitting in his armchair with his eyes closed as he committed the observed facts to memory and stored them in the relevant sections of his Mind Palace.
“Some business, these gold mines in Africa, isn’t it?” Sherlock said.
Craig stared at the card. “Sherlock Holmes?” he said, appearing rather awed.
When Sherlock opened his eyes again, John pressed a soft kiss to his jaw.
--Alright then, you git, it’s C9H8O4.
It wasn’t until both their phones beeped, hours later, that they started to disentangle their limbs, lazily turning their heads to locate the devices. Sherlock squinted at his screen. His primary suspect in the Abergavenny murder had proven to have had an alibi, according to Lestrade. Apparently, he’d been recorded by CCTV in a shop in Newark at the time.
It had completely slipped his mind. He’d agreed to meet her for lunch so that he could take John with him and proudly announce to her that they were together now. He’d hoped that she would be happy for him. (Thank heavens his parents were open-minded enough to be fine with his partner choice.) But the way things were now, he didn’t feel much like going at all, much less telling her anything about him and John. So he was actually glad that he’d forgotten to let John know about this plan, seeing as it was too late to cancel. He would just have to go by himself then.
John took a long breath. “Greg. I’m sorry.” It came out as barely more than a whisper.
He tried to focus his attention on random objects in the room – the dark blue floor-length curtains, and the way they were tied back either side of French windows – to stay in the present, to not let any more images from the past flood in. But it was no use.
Back at the fireplace, he bent down to light the fire and found himself continuing to stare into the emerging flames, hypnotised, as they released the energy trapped in the carbon bonds of the wood fibre molecules.
His gaze trailed off to the way the man’s muscles rippled throughout his back with every movement he made and Mycroft involuntarily marvelled at its intrinsic beauty – only to then be struck by the folly  that he should find such a trivial thing aesthetic. Maybe he was trying to understand what Sherlock felt for him, for this. But deep down, he already knew. He could see it.
Sherlock was standing only a step away from him, looking down fondly at his blogger and looking particularly handsome. All of a sudden, there was that same electricity in the air between them as there always was when they stood this close together with their eyes locked, which for some reason they had always found themselves doing quite frequently.
“And by the way,” John whispered, “in case you feel like reciprocating, you no longer need to use a condom on me. I just got an e-mail with the lab results.”
Had he perhaps completely erased the memory of what had happened from his mind? Or did he regret his actions? Had he genuinely changed, somehow? He certainly seemed very different. Then again, he had also grown up.
When his MP self entered the room behind this door, he was surprised to find the attic room stylishly empty. There were just two chairs, in one of which there sat a wise looking woman, calmly smiling up at him. It was John’s therapist, Ella. (Sherlock had once followed John to one of his sessions, out of boredom, and had gotten a glimpse of her when she’d let John in.)
“What?”
She really shouldn’t have longed to have fun along the way, to try and get a role in a stupid play – which wasn’t even a paid part.
During the rest of the afternoon, John relieved Sherlock of having to do more talking by asking Mrs Holmes about her embroidery projects of MC Escher’s mathematical designs, Mr Holmes about his garden and his preferred control methods against box tree caterpillars, and then Mycroft about his views on the current political situation in the EU. To John’s surprise, their gathering actually became a rather pleasant one, once Mrs Holmes had stopped asking awkward, closed-ended questions. She was, after all, also a lovely, friendly, intelligent and funny woman, who simply occasionally – and entirely unpredictably – seemed to spectacularly miss the mark with her comments.
facilitate Mycroft’s schemes, but this seemed a logical exception. How’s the little one?”
Looking at all his close family members together in one room like this, jauntily talking to each other in such a relaxed manner, Sherlock all of a sudden felt that the family bonds, which had been rickety for so long, due to
As he took a bite of his cake, it occurred to him he might as well check if that security camera he’d planted at 221B the other day was actually working.
.” Surely John knew that.
(Better not dwell on that right now.)
She hadn’t been back in a while. Too much going on with work back in Volgograd. Especially with the current situation in Chechnya, just ‘down the road’ – in Russian terms, that was. Human rights being violated left and right, let alone LGBT rights. The Russian LGBT Network was busier than ever, especially since the new collaboration with the United Nations Human Rights Committee.
She grabbed a chair and sat on the opposite side of John’s bed. “I’m so, so sorry about what happened to John.” Her eyes were now sad.
Then it became clear that it was a present. Sherlock was meant to keep it.
John’s heart was hammering in his chest as if it were trying to break free. As much as he wanted this, it scared the shit out of him all the same. He so badly wanted to get this right.
She was now doubling over laughing.
John watched the people milling about on a busy marketplace they passed, each with their own personal history, unknown to most others.
He was leaning his head on his hand, eyes closed.
Smith walked to stand between the two of them and gestured at both. “Well, I thought you two were old friends!”
Except, he had Rosie now, of course; so he wasn’t sure exactly what the likelihood was of him ever moving back to Baker Street even if Sherlock wasn’t in fact deliberately keeping him at a distance (and despite Sherlock having been fine with them staying there extensively on a temporary basis, which obviously was not the same thing).
How could he not have seen that before?
John tried to shake his head, but then paused for a second. He needed to say something. Needed to reassure her, even though, in reality, he was only too happy that he wasn’t more…
The sun was standing low and cast its slowly dwindling light through the branches of the trees, which were starting to lose their first leaves.
Sherlock’s eyes glazed over as he apparently considered the credibility or the implications of this option.
For weeks – months? – now, he’d been having a hard time focusing on
Molly seemed upset. Naturally she didn’t know half the truth of what had really happened. Greg had impressed upon her to tweak the post-mortem report so that the angle of the bullet trajectory would be described a bit more vaguely, but she’d never been filled in on the reasons, or facts behind the request. The fewer people who knew, the better.
In addition to it being beautiful, in a logical sort of way, sign language was also extremely useful in all manner of situations in which it was either unwise, cumbersome or plain impossible to speak out loud.
John’s mouth was on his way to Sherlock’s left nipple when he was surprised by Sherlock’s deadpan voice: “John”.
“No way!” Culverton had said. “Some stupid consulting detective would never be able to find any proof of
“Ambulance?” Sherlock giggled apprehensively, appearing embarrassed. “I’m fine, really. I just haven’t had time to eat all day, you see, is all. I’m so sorry to have caused you all this trouble. Really.”
Even after two days, Harry still felt a little jolt of surprise every time someone addressed her in English.
“What time is it?” Sherlock mumbled, still drowsy from his orgasm.
with Sherlock. Because he knew he had to keep his distance from him, right now; for his own wellbeing. Which was exactly what he was going to do. So he just kept it vague. “Yeah, look, okay. Maybe, if I get a chance.”
John’s lips twitched into a brief smile and he nodded. “Listen, is there anyone you can think of who might possibly want to do him harm or play a nasty trick on him?”
John wondered how anything could possibly be hidden on this beach.
He rubbed a hand over his face.
“I think we very well might. And I definitely very much hope so.” John was smiling calmly, while inwardly, he was screaming ‘Oh, god yes, please be mine forever’.
“I mean, I wanted to tell them
--Or early.
And they did.
On Wednesday morning, they once more moved around each other awkwardly in the kitchen; John feeling the heaviness of Sherlock’s former secret still pressing down on him with the exact same force it had for three days now, while Sherlock seemed to have the single goal of leaving for Holdernesse Hall again as soon as possible and performing every action required to do so with utmost efficiency.
He didn’t move or open his eyes just yet. He only hugged his knees a fraction tighter, with his chin still resting on top of them.
“Restrain him, now. Do it,” Lestrade said.
He marvelled once again at the willingness and unconditionality with which Sherlock had offered himself to John, had lain beneath him and allowed himself to be vulnerable.
“This is not like her at all,” Sherlock said, seemingly to no one in particular. He stood still in the middle of the sitting room, listening to something John could not hear. He lifted his chin and frowned.
John was determined, however, to soon make Sherlock feel less insecure and less awkward about sex, and ‘all the unwritten rules of sexual interaction’ that he’d said he still needed to learn. There was only one rule that mattered, as far as John was concerned – to be open and sincere, even if it meant being blunt or disappointing the other, which was fine – and they were both sticking to it incredibly well, he thought.
The haircut would have to wait until tomorrow.
Sherlock suddenly seemed an entirely different person, the way he was lying there, taking in the black dildo: unafraid to show himself, to be vulnerable. At the same time, there was something coy and almost girlish about him that made John want to devour him on the spot.
“Well, I’ve recently been seeing this South African guy, Bob, …”
Sherlock dazedly looked up to see John timidly smiling back at him, still gently holding his prick, his hands dripping with cum.
John got back up and opened the door to reveal their landlady carrying an enormous chocolate cake.
“That’ll teach those lovesick idiots,” he could hear her mutter.
He could sense Mycroft looking smug on the other end of the line.
“Nice,” John repeated flatly. “You usually have a very specific reason to be ‘nice’. So what’s the occasion, if you don’t mind my asking.”
He swallowed hard. “Yes.”
“Dressed,” John repeated flatly. “Because... you would like to properly rip off my clothes next time rather than just my T-shirt and pants?” He mock-frowned.
Yes. Calm now.
John was sitting at his bed.
“Okay.”
Sherlock smiled as well.
Sherlock decided to venture after him to see what he would do next. He needed more data to form a theory about his unusual behaviour. The minute he casually stepped inside, however, ready to strike up some random conversation with the men he would encounter there, he saw James slipping straight out through a back door. Sherlock quickly feigned having walked in by mistake and rushed back outside the way he’d come, then ran around the back of the building. He arrived at the corner just in time to see James stride towards the rear of the Hall. Sherlock stepped back for a second for fear of being seen, should James happen to look back. Only half a breath later, when he crept forward again, the man was nowhere to be seen. Sherlock quickly followed in the same direction James had gone, alongside the back of the house, and rapidly decided there was only one possibility. He’d entered the Hall through the grey door not five metres away from him, leading into the north wing.
“Well, I’m quite sure he does. And remember, I’ve learnt a few tricks in observation from Mr Consulting Detective here.” He smiled at her and she smiled back, still shy.
the second. :)
Sherlock briefly closed his eyes and made an effort to put some venom into what he said next. “The mole had been Mrs Smallwood’s assistant at the secret services, working from the inside. Vivian Norbury.”
“I love you too, John. Love you,” Sherlock murmured before he drifted off again in a blissful fever- and sex-induced sleep.
John thought he very well could, because it’s what he had done, after all, but he wasn’t about to argue.
“Wow,” he said.
?” Sherlock repeated, all cheeriness gone. “If you don’t let me stay in that room, John Watson will be murdered and you will have your death for sure. I know that for a
The eyes. The fake accent.
, just as I know that you’ve been sleeping with at least two of the other board members and several times the amount of nurses. Also, your cat has galanitis because your wife is against immunisation, which poses a serious health risk to patients with heart failure, whom you could easily infect via the cat’s skin particles on your clothes. Now, if you just let me stay in that room, I will keep all this information to myself. How about that?”
(All in the context of assuming that TFP is just John's coma dream, of course, and that Eurus lied to John about being Sherlock's sibling, just before shooting him at the end of TLD.)
He could hear vague rustling noises in the back room.
“Night, I guess.”
After the friendly nursery nurse had handed her the bag with all of Rosie’s stuff, Molly stepped back into the corridor, carrying the little girl on her hip.
As he tossed himself off, his troubles faded and became mere background noise to the reality of his impending orgasm. When it finally crashed down on him, for a short moment in time, nothing mattered at all and there was nothing but bliss and the scent of John’s sweater.
As the meaning of Sherlock’s reaction dawned on John, there suddenly seemed to be oxygen in the room again, which he only then realised had appeared to have gone missing for a while.
* * * * *
The media attention had already died down a little. That was, from ten interview requests a day in his inbox to only two or three now.
Still, as John looks at him and sees
? He didn’t come across as overly bright to me, but who knows. Either way, you don’t mind me taking these, do you? It’s no fun if you cheat.”
“You don’t have any reason to carry a gun, though,” he said matter-of-factly.
He was all but trembling. His very blood felt fizzy, like some carbonated drink. Champagne perhaps, he mused.
This time, Sherlock did register every detail, but not because he felt he needed to commit the kiss to memory and make sure he never forgot what John’s mouth felt like on his.
--Would you like to go out for dinner this Saturday at The Ledbury, around 8pm? Would love to see you again. xx
Next, Sherlock let the sex toy slide all the way out, only to push it back in again. Slowly, but impressively deep.
So indeed, Sherlock had been right in saying this wouldn’t take long. As well as in thinking the man had no medical knowledge whatsoever and wouldn’t notice Sherlock making up a disease on the spot. Sherlock’s correct deduction about his wife’s pet being unvaccinated – quite obvious, really, from the amount of holistic pendants she had around her neck on the photograph on the shelf, in which a cat’s tail was also visible – had naturally thrown the man off.
John shook his head, clenching his jaw.
John could tell that he was brooding on the mystery of Sherrinford rather than on how to eliminate Eurus. There was something soft and insecure in his features when he was trying to understand his brother.
Was she talking about Sherlock or him now?
“Yes,” Sherlock said, sounding ridiculously relieved. “Yes, that’s right. Do you… do you know my name?”
The following days passed in peaceful domesticity.
John hurled him into Hopkins’s hands.
face, because he said, “Sherlock?”
“God is smiling upon us,” John joked, shaking his head. “Finally.”
“Come in.” His voice sounded funny, but he didn’t care. He stood up and walked over to where John was appearing from behind the door, and without any hesitation Sherlock fell straight into his arms before the man was even properly inside the flat. “John,” he breathed.
Just then, Sherlock spotted the two of them coming in. The waiter seated them at a table near the window, directly in Sherlock's line of view, as had been pre-arranged.
--Nothing that you will notice, other than that you will most probably stop being stalked. I will explain later. Text me when you’ve done it. SH
He looked at John, sitting beside him on the bench, pensively gazing into the distance.
Thanks to his instinctive acts on that day, John was still here.
John lowered the door handle and pushed forward, but the door didn’t open. He rattled the handle a couple of times, then frantically looked along the corridor.
Molly had stopped touching and probing him and the ambulance was now taking several hard turns at very slow speed.
She often gave him advice during his visits, and he often followed it. Particularly about raising Rosie.
It was all very strange, John thought.
John hadn’t even told Harry or Mike yet, or Greg. He wasn’t even sure whether he wanted people to know already. Didn’t it make more sense to wait a little bit, until they’d found their feet?
He raised his hands and backed away a little.
P.S. Yes, that means I did it again: I split another draft chapter in two (chapter 33), because it was becoming too long, again. That means the total is going up *again*, to 36 chapters now. I really hope this was the last time I’ve had to do this. I just want this story to END as much as you do! LOL.
“Is it true he’s being treated in your hospital?” the reporter asked Smith.
Clever John.
“Hello, nice to meet you and well, er, welcome to our home,” Mrs Holmes smiled politely. “We… don’t
Just for good measure, Sherlock had a look at the bins behind the Hall as well, although there was of course little to deduce there. They were outside and anyone could gain access to them.
“Well, let me answer them for you,” Mycroft smiled. “They are only as uncomfortable in public as
“You practically single-handedly ensured that one of the slyest murderers of our time was put behind bars.” John shook his head. “I almost lost hope so many times. But you actually did it.” He sniffed, his eyes moist.
“If you’d just like to come this way.”
“And what would that be?” he asked, warily.
“I don’t care how,” John angrily interrupted him. Strange, how it felt good faking anger at Sherlock. Also, it was kind of important that Sherlock didn’t blow their cover in his current state, so it was relevant to shut him up without mercy.
This suddenly felt a lot less romantic.
When the doorbell rang, he looked up to find Rosie had chewed a considerable part of the edge of one page to mush. “Devouring books already, are we?” he said fondly, as he took the book from her and lifted her onto his arm on his way to the front door.
He looked in the mirror. The only remaining problem was that his eyebrows now looked absolutely ridiculous.
