"If I wanted other people to see you like this, I would make you work in a brothel. I would let you fend for yourself, I wouldn't have done everything I did for you, Anthony!"
"Jarvis, keep me updated on Tony please" Steve speaks quietly, he sits back in his chair reading his newspaper again, not even bothering to look away as he gives his order.
Steve stands up, tall and protective as Tony cowers behind him, he wasn't normally used to this. He pokes his head out a little waiting for the strange woman to say something else.
"Sir?" Tony pulls back gently, a hint of worry in his voice, but the sweet thing he is turns his whole tone into one of worry and apprehension. "Are you angry with me?"
Pulling him into his lap, Steve rubs his hand up and down Tony's back, trying to ignore the effects of the racy chemise Tony was wearing. "You learnt your lesson baby. It's okay", he comforts.
Once again, Steve steps in, "Tony's just going to change his outfit, he'll be back soon, why don't you have some cookies" he hands Nat the plate and she thanks him after taking one, giving Tony the perfect opportunity to slip out of the room and into his bedroom to change.
“I know everything. I’m Natasha Romanov,” she says, grinning as she turns back to her work. “One way or another, he’s going to end up jumping into your beefy arms.”
"Worth it?" This time, Tony cuts her off, his chest rises and falls, he's holding back his tears, "You want me to leave Steve? I know he's possessive, but he's the best part of my life. He feeds me, clothes me, and makes sure I sleep well every night. He cares for me, and I love him. Nobody can replace him"
Tony Stark had never been concerned about his weight, he looks down at his body. Being on bedrest had caused him to gain a few pounds, but it isn't too bad; he looks into the mirror in the hallway, now that he thought about it, he had gained some weight around his face. His hand moves to his waistband, is that why Steve had been dressing him in joggers?
Tony pulls off with a wet pop. "Don't worry baby, you'll get a lot of practice, won't you?", he lifts Tony into his lap spreading his thighs onto Steve's rather strong large ones. Steve inhales Tony's sweet innocent scent. He wanted to take him till he smelt of Steve and nobody but Steve. "I've wanted you for so long baby"
"Hi, Tony!" A sweet voice comes from the elevator. Not as sweet as Tony's, but still feminine and beautiful.
Steve looks down at the brunette, his cock his hard in his pants and Tony's mouth is mere inches away from him. But now is not the time. He clears his mind thinking about his boy's soft beaming smile.
"Everything okay?" Bruce asks as he sips his brew, the man had never been spotted without a cup of herbal tea or coffee.
"Captain, if I may, I do believe I have information that would help you to understand Mr Stark's behaviour."
Tony limps his way into the elevator, the crutches were not helping his speed. His idea of flying through the tower was completely rejected by Steve.
Tony blushes deeply, his smile could have been mistaken for the sun, "I love you too", he leans up to kiss Steve. Their lips touching softly, Tony was on top of the world.
Bruce sits quietly, engrossed in a newspaper and a cup of deliciously smelling coffee. Opposite him, Natasha and Clint chatter away, Tony stays for a moment, contemplating whether to walk in or go back into his room.
Steve quickly shakes his head, "It'll be okay, he's been cooped up in here and I probably pressed too hard. He'll calm down and I'll speak to him myself."
“Jesus, man.” Sam scrubbed a hand up and down his face. He stepped in front of Steve and put a hand on his chest before he could go back inside to get the last of the stuff.
“Coward,” Steve growled to himself as they circled. He ran forward for the third time, maximizing his momentum so Tony wouldn’t be able to dodge back. That was exactly what Tony had planned, and all Steve’s momentum was turned against him as he slipped in a puddle of oil leaking from the machines in the basement. The second he went down Tony was on him, sharp teeth parting fur and breaking through the skin of his shoulder. Steve brought up his hind legs and scratched at Tony, who held on with a determination rarely seen outside of bull dogs. Steve bit his muzzle and Tony let go with a yelp. Without a seconds pause Tony was on him again, biting and scratching. Steve gave it all back as good as he got, using his size and familiarity with the landscape of the basement to his advantage, until they broke apart and faced each other, panting and bleeding. Tony tilted his head, a silent offer of 'truce'. Steve nodded and shifted back to human, the bites and scratches pulling painfully. Thanks to his werewolf side, they would heal by the end of the week and were already scabbing over. Tony was clever, to get in as many hits as he did on a bigger wolf. And tough too. He had a scratch below his eye that was dripping blood down his face, and he bore it with dignity. A worthy opponent, Steve concluded.
“Did you know that cows have two stomachs? And they eat things the first time around, then throw it up as cud and eat it again.”
On the screen to the side of the stage Tony watched as the doors swung open and the first two contests rolled out on a horse drawn chariot, waving. Each district sent two contestants to the Capital each year, a boy and a girl between the ages of 13 and 19. There were 12 districts so it added up to a lot of contestants, and Tony felt himself start to zone out. A chariot would enter the coliseum, the crowd would go nuts, the contestants would wave for the cameras and be projected for the world to see on the big screen, then it would be on to the next group. Boring. Tony looked down at his phone and started texting Rhodey.
“I did better than you,” Tony complained. “You were the one who needed help first, I was nice and safe in my cave.”
“I heard that the Captain is here, Captain Rogers,” the man next to him said. It was Rhodey, one of the castle guards.
This was my first novel length fic, and I learned so much during the process, including how to write character growth and foreshadowing, and how to use HTML to post it with italics and art.
They welcomed him with open arms and he was engulfed in an ocean of love and gratitude. Under Steve’s hand his heart mended itself and the gash in his hand closed itself up.
Steve bit his lip, and pretended to think it over. “I suppose I could make room in the budget, if that’s what it takes. What flavors do you want?”
“Let’s try to find a maintenance tunnel. They’ve got to have them, they need something to run all of the wires of the cameras through. Tap on the trees, let me know when you find one that’s hollow.”
Tony was too good at this. Steve got up and unlocked the door, returning to sit on his bed. Tony pushed open the door and entered the room cautiously, eyeing his friend. He took a seat on the bed next to Steve, who was avidly avoiding making eye contact to stare at the floor.
“Quit saying I like him! I don’t have a crush, no way, no how. We are maybe, maybe, casual friends. We’re like friends who never call, you see them at the post office by chance, agree you have to get together some time, then never get together until you run into each other on accident three months later at the grocery store.”
Steve shook his head. “Captain America is a symbol someone else made up, and it’s one that I gave up when it became too heavy for me to bear. I’m not a perfect soldier, and I don’t think that I ever was, despite what all the newsreels say.”
“We're in a barn in the middle of nowhere, and most people who aren’t wolves themselves need something for protection against wildlife in mountain lion and coyote country. After Jan and Clint woke me up I broke into the tool shed looking for a axe or something, and found a gun. After years of working with and designing the things I’m a decent shot.”
“Tell me Steve, whatever happened to the perfect soldier? Disobeying orders, breaking laws, abandoning friends.You’re supposed to be a symbol for everything good and right in the world. Children have admired you for generations. Coulson held your trading cards. Tony looked up to you. You kept it secret that you found his box of old Cap comics, but what are secrets between you and me? Secrets between you and Tony on the other hand...Lots of lying going on for a national icon. Tsk tsk.”
Steve grinned at him and flipped the egg around in his hand as he tried to decide how to hold it. He settled on having his fingers on the top and his thumb on the bottom. He pulled his fingers up and the egg exploded into a million tiny shards of shell, falling into the white milk and becoming invisible.
Tony could hardly imagine that. He had knocked over Rhodey at school yesterday on accident and he had felt awful about it for the rest of the day.
Two people came to stand beside her, the archer and Bruce. Tony made a strangled sound and tried to push himself deeper into the cave, smooshing Steve into the wall and making him grunt. Steve pushed Tony to the side and immediately the other tribute’s faces brightened.
“Fifteen grand in three weeks? Not without selling cows, and without them we’d be right back in debt. Are you sure it’s not enough?” he asked desperately. The banker pretended to look contrite but Steve could practically smell the waves of predatory satisfaction rolling off the man.
“Found him Cap, as well as a possible hostage.” said Tony, his voice now serious. While they didn’t care much about a few knocked over street signs, hostages were serious business.
“I don’t think we were allowed to do this,” Clint said gleefully as he poked at the wires on the wall from where he sat. “This feels like cheating and I love it. It was totally worth it letting Tony on the team even if he’s slow,” he teased.
“How deep does the treachery go? You didn’t smash any planes until I did. Did you really sabotage the catapults? Or did you just need an excuse to come early and warn Loki?” Tony felt a knife at his throat. “I want to trust you Tony, please, give me something,” Steve begged.
“Who was that?” Tony asked. He had been watching the games his whole life (as was the law) and had never seen a contestant do something like that. This was the biggest moment of these dumb kid’s lives, a huge honor, and he was flipping them off? That kid had balls, damn. Tony hated to admit it, but he was intrigued.
Tony put a hand on his arm and they communicated silently. Tony winked and nodded his head at the check and Steve calmed down. Tony had a plan.
He grabbed Tony by the wrist and dragged him, pulling him over sharp rocks and sticks. Tony had nothing left in him to fight it. After about fifteen minutes they arrived at the camp, which ended up being a small wooden structure of branches put together with mud and twine. Surprisingly there was another tribute there, a small thin boy. The first tribute dumped Tony by the smaller boys feet.
“You shut up. At least I’m trying.” Tony looked like he either wanted to murder him or go cry. Maybe both. Steve kinda felt like crying too.
They both looked down the tunnel to the door at the end. There was a thumping, growing louder. Steve leapt to his feet, and pulled Tony up. “Bruce, Thor! We have to go!”
“Steve, they gave him a whole plaque and a paragraph on his heroic deeds. No one will ever forget the brave actions of Sergeant Whiskers. It’s pretty crazy.”
He leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. “I don’t know. He was crazy. He called me a monster! All I was doing was sitting there, what’s so monstrous about that?”
Indries made it sound like all the city wolves locked themselves up, drugged themselves up, did everything they could to not acknowledge their wolf side, treating it like some sort of boogieman.
Steve stumbled then quickly caught back up as Tony strode forward. He put a hand on his shoulder, pulling him to a halt. “You don’t mean that.”
Tony got the impression most of the contestants didn’t have any fighting skills, with a few notable exceptions. The two candidates from 8, the red headed girl and the blond boy, both used the target range, and they hit the bulls-eye over and over again with deadly accuracy. Tony got the impression that they would have rather been shooting the judges than the targets.
“We’re in the basement of the Capital building. The Capital of the Capitol. I came here to wreck some havoc and found you guys.”
“Look, Steve, I’m sorry. It’s my fault you were hurt. I didn’t know you guys were on the field and I said a warning I was detonating the guns through the comms, which you didn’t have because I haven't issued anyone comms, codes or weapons yet. I was too busy throwing a fucking pizza party, pretending we were a family instead of a defense unit.”
Steve continued after taking a deep breath. ”So, the man with the ball said that he wanted something, a matched set. What did he mean?”
Tony knocked his hand away and stood. “If that’s your version of love, then I want nothing to do with it, or you.”
Tony rolled his eyes and turned the oven on. Steve use the measuring cups to pour the sugar into a clean mixing bowl. Tony used a measuring spoon to measure out the baking powder, and dumped it in the bowl. Steve frowned.
“I can smell myself. Cinnamon maybe? I can smell you. You smell like hay and cows and apples. Why do you smell like apples?”
And before they knew it, it had been over an hour of them just enjoying lunch, and not fighting. They got up and left the restaurant, and walked back to the tower.
“I apologize for the trouble I have put you all through. I swore to protect the people of this realm, and have instead ruined your escape plan.”
Jan smirked, and casually bent over to check the eggs. “Ah, you're going to show Tony the town. I see, I see.”
Steve nodded. “Do it. I’ll let Shield know and they’ll mobilize all the rebels in each district to march on the Capital.”
One of these days Steve was going to have to bring up his concerns about Stane. Tony seemed to have a blind spot when considering his motives. Steve got the vibe that he was only looking out for number one, and Tony’s welfare came a distant second. He would bring it up the next time they saw him. Steve’s gut was rarely wrong, and it told him Stane was bad news.
“You’re not getting this. You could have died, and I could have been the one to kill you. What if you had been a few feet closer? What if you had picked up a gun to use because I still have your shield?”
In the previous two chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony in exchange for a dowry he can use to pay of the debt on his family's ranch. They don't get along, and consider breaking off the engagement.
One of the white armored guards stepped forward and Tony took a half step back, blocked by Obie from retreating any further.
Between his troubled thoughts and physical discomfort, he found himself unable to sleep. That's why when there was a small click at 2 in the morning, he immediately sat upright. He recognized that sound, that was the sound of the pilot light igniting from the flame throwers he had developed about a year back. He crawled out of his cave and looked around. A glint of metal in the moonlight caught his attention, and he stumbled over, his ankle stiff and swollen. The end of the barrel was level with the side of the tree. Tony felt around the bark until his fingers caught on a tiny edge. He dug his fingers in, and pulled the front of the tree open like it was a door. The tree was fake and hollow. Inside was the flamethrower, along with a pile of wires, one cluster stretching up the trunk. Looked like optic cables, so most likely there was a camera up there. Tony was much more concerned with the fact that there was a flamethrower pointed right at his cave. It was quick work to disable it, and Tony looked at the gas line running into the ground. How many of these things were there? Why were they here at all? Tony followed the direction of the gas line, to the next tree. After a few seconds of fumbling for the latch he was able to disable this one too. He did a third and a fourth, and was about to do a fifth when he heard the sounds of a fire. It was far off, but approaching fast. Tony gave up on trying to disable any more, hoping that what he had done would be enough to keep his little area safe, and that the fire wouldn’t spread too far. He went back to his cave by the river and blocked up the entry with branches and his blanket. In the distance he heard screaming.
Tony stood and shoved the wings back into Sam’s arms. “I’m not fighting with Steve. He’s a little tense from the battle and he always has a harder time controlling his strength when he’s worked up. I’ll pay for any glasses he breaks. And Brian? I don’t understand what he has to do with anything. I'm flirting a little, I'm a flirty person, it’s fun. Don’t worry about it.”
Closed, opened. The sun started to set, casting the room in shadows, then the inevitable darkness. Steve was still in his clothes from yesterday. He must have gotten up to pee. He couldn’t remember it. He felt more tired now than he had at the start of the morning, and though he knew intellectually that he should be hungry, he couldn’t feel it.
He bit down with a sickening crack that resounded through the church. Bucky fell to the ground, limp, and Stane shook his head back and forth triumphantly, Bucky’s front leg held tight between his teeth.
Bruce turned and walked back to where most of the group was huddled against the wrath of the cornucopia. He held out the arrow to Tony. “I want you to have it.”
Tony frowned. When he was younger, he had gotten nightmares for weeks from watching a child from district 3 bash another child’s head in with a rock. The sounds had sickeningly wet, and even after the child was lying still and limp, the boy from 3 kept smashing, his labored breaths turning into wild laughs. He didn’t stop until forty minutes later when another contestant shot him through the head. By then there had been nothing left of the first boy’s head except a mushy red pulp.
“Okay, yeah, I'm done. This isn't going to work. I'm not going to be your docile little husband who mucks out cow houses everyday and makes you dinner every night then lets you verbally abuse me over imaginary infractions.”
Steve followed them outside onto the porch and grabbed Jan’s arm. “Seriously guys, we’re going to try to get along, don’t screw this up!” he begged. Things were finally going right, he didn’t want Jan and Clint to start meddling and ruin everything.
“Is there a reason that the living room is filled with chairs? And desks, and one very beat up printer?”
Stern righted his chair and sat back down. Both Steve and Tony leaned forward threateningly. Stern gulped. “Right. I’ll just do that right now, shall I?” With trembling hands he wrote up the papers, deposited the money, and finally the loan was paid off in full. The ranch was safe.
The voice was wrong and Steve was used to his antics, so this was a new guy; not Steve with a wardrobe change or Tony with a head injury. The stranger looked annoyingly in control and well pressed in the knock off red white and blue, while Tony’s poor suit groaned and sparked, the lovely gold stained black with smoke from the birds.
“More like two and three quarters, actually.” Steve corrected back. Tony briefly pressed a finger to Steve’s lips to shush him. 'Oh my god he's so close', Steve thought. He hoped his internal freak out wasn’t showing on his face.
“Thank you Tony, I really can’t tell you how much we appreciate this.” He said with complete sincerity. Tony looked back at him wide eyed.
Thanks for reading! The dragon finally gets a name! One of my favorite things about fanfic is that all the characters come with a name and personality already done. Making new characters is hard...
“I’m saying goodbye, Steve. The first few months, when we struggled and fought and learned to get along, where we made it a little farther each day… Those were some of the best days of my life. I fell in love with you, and I got to watch you fall in love with me, over and over, every day for years. Then we stopped making progress. When we get along, we never make it past the cabin. So, I switched to other strategies. I got you to hate me. It goes better when we fight. We’re both sharper, angrier, more violent. A 12% increase in the speed of our runs, an extra three miles of distance.
I love both Tony and Steve and tried to be as fair as possible to both of them. Sometimes Tony comes off as harsh or cold from Steve's perspective but inside his head he's equally invested in everything going on. Maybe even more so.
“Are you Tony Stark? Oh my god you are! I’m your number one fan, I’ve been following your insta since you had less than 100,000 followers!”
He flew above the birds to where the skies were clearer and tried to peer through the birds for the man he had seen in the video.
Jan shook her head with a sigh. “He likes it here. He likes us. Next time your abandonment issues flare up, please just go talk to him instead of ruining our poor washing machine.”
“From now on you can probably just assume that if you're in the room, I'm not.” Steve knew he was being petty, and couldn't bring himself to care.
Tony sighed. “I’ve had too many people love me in a way I didn’t want to be loved. My father loved me as an extension of his legacy. Obadiah loved me as a means to make him rich. Hammer would tell anyone who asked that he loved me, then turned around and hired a man to kill me. Killian loved me like a fan loved a movie star until he blew up my house. Christine loved me as a piece of news, Maya loved me as a solution to her problems. I blew up all my Iron Man suits, I tried to destroy what I considered the best parts of myself, because Pepper loved me. I almost died in Siberia because you loved me. I’m tired, Steve.”
On May 29th Tony hopped out of the elevator on the common floor after a hard day of work, and all his friends yelled “Surprise!”
“Surrender,” Tony demanded. Stane let his hands fall to the ground, open palmed. Tony got up, and held out a hand to Stane. He would get a trial, and his fate would be decided by the people he controlled for so many years. Stane grabbed his hand and used it to pull him to the ground. Tony clipped his head on the corner of the desk and fell with a pained shout. Stane got up and stomped on Tony’s hand, forcing his fingers to open around the knife. Stane grabbed him by the front of the shirt and slammed him on the desk. He stabbed him over and over, Tony’s back arching with pain and his mouth filling with blood while he screamed. The knife got stuck in a rib, the handle too slippery for Stane to pull it out, so he left it and rested with one hand on the edge of the desk, panting as Tony struggled to draw a breath. Tony felt the world grow dark and fuzzy around the edges, the pain seeming to grow until it was the only thing he could feel, his hands and feet going numb. His tongue felt thick in his mouth, fighting for space against the blood welling up and pouring out down the corners of his mouth. He tried to speak and it came out as a gurgle.
“Look Sunshine, that’s great, but we can’t get excited too soon, we still need to find a buyer, work out a deal and actually get a check. I don’t want to rain on your parade, I’ve just gotten close and hit a dead end too many times at this point to trust anything beyond a physical check.”
“What you’re doing right now. Tracking down where things went wrong, and setting them right. It would only be for a year, that’s how long we decided a term was going to last. Put your name in, let the people decide.”
Fake clapping filled the room as the screens were all taken over by a shot of Stane from the waist up, standing in his office and looking dignified as he always did. He gave the usual spiel about how the Hunger Games were necessary to maintain peace and order, yada yada yada, superiority of the Capital, the Districts would kill each other without them, the games show how the people of the districts will go feral and kill each other if given half the chance, whatever, more on how terrible and uncivilized the districts were, boring. Boring, boring, boring. It was the same every year, and Tony would have thought that Obie just reused the same video if his clothes didn’t change each time. The video ended and Christine appeared back on the screen. “Thank you President Snow. Now listen up everyone, I have an extra special guest with me today. Please welcome Tony Stark, our new Game Master, and the youngest Game Master in the history of the Hunger Games at the tender age of 18!”
“You should introduce Tony to her, before she starts her world tour and starts forgetting her small town roots.”
Tony’s parents had died when he was 14, and he hadn’t been able to legally live on his own until 16. For those two years he had lived with Obie, and you don’t live with someone for that long without learning a few of their habits. Such as using the same four passwords for everything, and keeping those passwords written on a sticky note under the keyboard.
“Great! As soon as I get back to my lab I’ll start building. Say, you want a pair?” Tony offered. From what he could tell this guy didn’t even have a jet. He was never going to get anywhere in time to be useful, not in America where towns could be easily an hour apart and it’d take them seven hours to get to California from New York by plane.
“No,  you are, it’s just…. he looks like, and you know, you’re all… and……“ He trailed off and seemed to give up on trying to explain. Instead he switched to questioning.
Loki started laughing. The sound echoed loudly through the hall, and Steve scowled. “I am a man of my word and as soon as I am free of these chains you will laugh no more.”
“So what, he gave you a loan? Guys like Stane, they don't give gifts, and I don't see how borrowing from him would be any better than the bank.”
Thanks for reading! I posted these two chapters close together so make sure you caught the last one too!
Tony let his head thump back onto the desk, and pressed a shaky hand to his chest. He felt blood welling thick and hot between his fingers.
Also, are you guys ready for Endgame? I can't believe they gave us a trailer today out of nowhere but I'm not complaining...
“Yeah,” Clint chimed in, “Mr. Billionaire Genius Businessman, it's not rocket science.” Tony started to throw his mug at Clint before Steve grabbed his arm.
Tony hesitated, trying to puzzle through Steve’s meaning. He shook his head to clear his thoughts. This was why Obie wanted him to stay away, Steve had a unique ability to fill Tony’s head with traitorous ideas. He loved the Capital. The Capital was his home, it was perfect, what the hell did this guy from the districts know?
They hadn’t made any progress until Steve had sought Tony out that first night. It was time to stop dwelling in the past, and shift to building the future himself...starting with reaching out. Tony has offered his hand in the hospital, and now it was Steve’s turn. Tony always liked to say that the best apology was doing better next time, so that was what he was going to do.
Tony blacked out for a second and when he woke up his HUD flashed red. Anything not damaged before the start of the fight sure was dented now. He stood up and wobbled a little, the servos in his leg making a grinding sound when he tried to move it. Great.
Tonight the chances of a wolf run seemed good. The forest was quiet except for the chirping of crickets, and the air was clean of the scent of any humans. He nodded to his pack. They were clear to go. They all started their shift, Clint as always trying to rip through it as fast as possible, sandy blond fur exploding out before he had his shirt fully off. Jan took her time, folding her things neatly before shifting into her sleek brown form like an otter into water, her black nose twitching. Steve dumped his clothes on the ground. They were going to need washing anyway after being in the dirt, who cared if they got wrinkled. He always got everything off though, because at a towering 4 feet at the shoulder in his wolf form, anything he didn’t get off would be completely shredded. He rushed his way through tonight, because he was excited to show off. One thing he had always had over Bucky was a better wolf form. Taller and faster with a thick white coat, he was the swan that it looked like Bucky’s ugly duckling wolf should grow into. He felt the clear moonlight on his fur, and he shook himself to straighten it and flatten it out. Then he turned to see Tony’s reaction.
Steve sputtered. “It’s a ranch, not a farm. And I’m not dense, I’m thorough. If you weren’t under the bed, where were you?”
Steve reached out a cautious hand. Normally Tony didn’t like it when people touched his chest, he felt like a freak and weirdly vulnerable with his weakness on display. Somehow, Steve was different. He felt safe. It went deeper than knowing that this was the great man from the stories. It felt like trust tied to his very heart, and he knew in his bones that Steve was not intending to harm him.
“You won't even notice I'm gone,” Tony assured him as he gave Steve's arm a pat and hopped out of the jet. The ramp closed, and the team went home down a member.
Tony looked up at him and the fur receded and paws shifted to hands. The shift flowed fast and easy, like a ribbon unspooling in gentle waves. Less than a minute later Tony was fully human again, kneeling between Steve’s legs. Steve ruffled his hair, soft as feathers now, and Tony grinned up at him. “I think I’m getting the hang of it.”
“Do you have any alliances going? Contestants who form alliances tend to last significantly longer than those without, and a few of the other people we've interviewed tonight have dropped your name.”
All the same Tony damped a cloth and put it on Steve’s head, and though he rolled his eyes he left it resting on his head. “Mother hen,” he scolded Tony fondly.
Steve gave his shoulder an affectionate pat and walked over to his dresser to try to find a clean shirt. And wonder of wonders, he had several. This was already shaping up to be a great day. He switched his pajama pants for jeans and and went downstairs to start breakfast. As he walked towards the stairs, he passed Bucky’s room. In the old days, he’d always wake Bucky up, and drag him downstairs to where their Ma had made breakfast. He hesitated. Should he still…?
“One of the contestants was getting aggressive, so they wrapped things up quick. Then Obie made me rerecord all my lines because I went off script.”
There was a quiet ringing and Steve reached out a hand to turn off his alarm clock. His arm felt clumsy, and he couldn’t find his clock. Instead he stick his hand in a puddle. If Tony had left a half empty cup of water on the nightstand again he was going to be mad. He always knocked it over, then the carpet was going to be damp for the rest of the day. He blinked his eyes open. His hand was red. Blood. Oh, that was fine then. He closed his eyes and drifted.
Tony batted his hand away. “I am well enough.” With their escape coming soon, he could not afford to fall ill.
“Please, I know it sounds stupid, and I don’t like this any more than you do, but it’s the only thing I can think of to help Thor," Steve finished, equal parts desperate and uncomfortable. Tony thought it through. Thor clearly meant a lot to the team, and it didn’t sit well with him to let anyone die if he could help. He didn’t think that Steve’s plan was actually going to work, but it seemed harmless. Steve was nice enough when he wasn’t yelling at him or flipping him off, and he had let him into his alliance and helped him with his ankle.
Then Tony rounded the corner, taking it so fast he slid a few steps, before he regained his balance and marched up to the group with so much dignity Steve barely believed he had slipped after watching it himself not a second earlier.
“I think at that point I was still using the patriotic glare of disapproval. I didn’t realize the effectiveness of puppy eyes until September, at the earliest. It was all over for you after that.”
“If you talk to Tony about my non existent crush, I will kill you, then bring you back to kill you again. Then I’ll hide your hairbrush.”
The man tilted his head towards the staircase at the end of the hall. “Steve is the last apartment on the left side of the third floor.”
“What’s all this for?” Clint asked, hurt and surprised. Steve leaned forward against Tony’s arm, wanting to get at Clint but unwilling to push him over. Tony briskly patted his arm with his other hand.
Around him the others started stripping off their coats and pulling off their pants, leaving them in their underwear and thin undershirts.
“That’s not why you came. You came because you’re running away from something. Well guess what? Helping my pack won’t do anything.”
Steve stood up and back Tony into the corner, jabbing a finger into his chest. “Don’t interrupt me. You never let me talk-”
Steve shut the door and leaned against the kitchen counter with his arms crossed. “Why? Just read the book.”
his mind kept trying to revert back into its usual routine of chores and work, and gloss over the fact that Bucky was right there, asking about his fiancé. Two distinct sections of his life were suddenly combining, and he still couldn’t figure out how to make them overlap.
Steve looked away and fiddled with a piece of grass growing between the slates of the deck. Maybe now that Bucky was back they'd have time to do more household chores like weeding. God, his brother was back from the dead and all he could think about was chores. It was just so
Tony stayed quiet as they took an armored train far outside the city, to the large dome that covered the arena. He held the ice until it all melted away and he was left shivering, his hand and face numb. The armed guards brought them inside and down a ramp under the arena. Twelve doors lined the hallway and Tony and Steve were forced inside the last one. Once inside people handed them both identical jumpsuits, and they changed as the peacekeepers watched to make sure they didn’t transfer any weapons. There was no privacy or dignity here.
“Tony is the logical choice, emotion has nothing to do with anything.” Steve finished his eyes locked on Natasha’s, lying to help Tony one last time.
“Right.” Tony agreed with an exaggerated sigh, like being apart from Steve was the worst thing he could think of. What next? What would they do now if they were actually in love?
Steve had always considered himself a good man. He assisted the elderly across the street and watched out for children, he kept to his word and was always ready to drop everything to help out a friend in an emergency. He didn’t lie, cheat, or steal, no matter how bad things had gotten back in the depression. He used to smoke, but as soon as he learned that it could give people cancer he quit one of the few comforting habits he had left in the new century to set a good example for all the kids who looked up to Captain America. He had even filmed a series of cheesy PSA videos for public high schools. The team teased him for it, but if they helped even one kid turn their life around than it was worth it. Might as well use the almost mythic proportions of the title of ‘Captain America’ for some good.
Tony opened his eyes and looked over to where the Captain was shifting and muttering uncomfortably in his sleep. Tony got up and rewet the rag to cool his fever, feeling his forehead. He was burning up, and seemed to be doing much worse. He replaced the cloth and put a hand on the Captain's shoulder to still him before he ripped his stitches. His eyes blinked open blearily, and they lived around the room before focusing on Tony. He rasped something out and choked on the dryness in his throat. Tony carefully helped him up so that he was leaning against the wall, and poured him a cup of water. The Captain’s hand was too weak to grip so Tony helped him drink until he turned his head away.
“Why would I lie?” asked Liberty. “We have talked. And now we talk more. It is a human thing, to talk much and exchange little. Hello little hart, I hope that you will be more straightforward than my Steven.”
Tony reached out a hand and Steve held it. Steve was a furnace of warmth in front of him and Liberty was even warmer behind.
“C’mon, break it up you two. What’s wrong?” Almost a year of this, and it still felt weird to Steve that it was now his job to play peacemaker rather than picking a side and joining in.
Tony sauntered over to the bed and laid his head in Steve’s lap. He looked up with puppy eyes and Steve snorted. He gave his head a pet and Tony closed his eyes in bliss. His fur was more wiry than soft.
And that's chapter two! I hope you liked it! What's going to happen inside the storm? Find out in a few days!
They had him in a truly awful baby blue suit (why did they always try to put him in baby blue?) that looked and felt like it was stapled together, but while the stylists had fussed over his suit and hair for a half an hour, he had been able to use his phone to hack into the building’s broadcast system. He cued up a command so all he had to do was press a button, and all of the peacekeepers would go running. He tucked his phone back into his pocket, and chatted with Rhodey as the stylists did terrible things to his hair.
“I built him rocket boots! I spent the night putting on the finishing touches then showing him how to use them, you thought-”
They both shook their heads and Tony filed away their names. Tony dug through his backpack.“I have my blanket. Could I rip some off?”
Digging was hard work, and it wasn’t long before both of them were sweating as they scraped at the dirt. The ground was hard and rocky, and after an hour of digging they had made it about six inches deep. Tony knew from his own forays into designing mines that they were getting close, and it was important not to disturb the mine too much. Even if it was inactive, it still contained explosives. Their fingers finally hit metal, and Tony carefully brushed away the last layer of dirt. It was one of the ones he had designed. He wasn’t surprised anymore, though he still felt the sharp sting of betrayal. Obie's personal seal was stamped on the bottom. Whatever was misuse was going on, Tony couldn't ignore the fact that Obie was at the root of it. He wasn't the man that Tony had always thought he was.
As he said that, they passed a nice looking set of charcoals and Tony was tempted. After the refrigerator fisco he had held himself back from buying things for Steve. So far he seemed willing to accept food and that was it, insisting that he didn’t need charity. Maybe he would accept a christmas gift? When it got closer to the 25th he would have to try.
I've been so busy this week, but I'm back! There's one more chapter to go, then the conclusion and some art. Hopefully this story will be fully complete by Monday? We'll see. Thank you for reading!
“I know how,” Tony insisted. “The planes all run off of batteries that I- I mean that Stark created. They can be detected so that the planes will have enough residual power to get into the air, then will crash. The catapults spin on a mechanism at the base, and if a well placed bolt is loosened then they will over extend and collapse, destroying the wall they rest on. No one will be able to tell that anything was touched until it is too late.”
Tony made it to where the snow got higher as the bank of the river rose, and he started digging in front of it, scooping out armfuls of snow as quickly as he could. He cleared the top of the opening, and though it was dark he could feel that the inside wasn’t fully filled, his hand meeting air as he reached for another handful of snow. If Steve had gotten in here he might still be ok, it would have acted like an igloo and protected him from the wind. Tony worked the snow away from the top as the storm grew worse, the wind so harsh he couldn’t hear his own breath, and he could hardly keep his eyes squinted open. As soon as he had a big enough gap he stuck his head inside, ready to grab Steve and drag him back to the cornucopia. The cave was empty.
It went to a shot of a train, which played for the rest of the video as it drove through grassy meadows. Stats scrolled quickly across the screen in a loop listing Steve as 18 years old, 5’4” and a hundred pounds even, and that was the end of the video.
“Got that right Rogers, it’s private information. I may trust you with my life fighting against aliens, but if I like Barcelona? Top secret. We’re in public so I can’t even mention a certain baseball team based near here.”
On the TV it showed them in the supply room, where Tony had been wrapped around to Steve to try to hold him up and Steve had been leaning in close to tell his secret. Without context it looked like they were two lovers who had snuck away for a private moment, and that's how Stane described it to everyone watching. He also pulled up records showing that Tony had broken into the training rooms and talked to Steve, and that he changed the scores from the skill test to put Steve on top. Stane even brought up the fact that Tony had watched Steve’s reaping video thirty times, and not bothered with any of the other contestants.
Meanwhile, Stane was trying to yell out explanations to the crowd, who were milling around in a panic over the sudden confrontation. “Everyone knows that the Roger pack doesn’t take the suppression shots, they shifted uncontrollably and turned on each other as wolves. You all saw the papers on the wolf attacks! Now they’re wild with grief, a danger to everyone around them. They need to be put down like the out of control monsters they are. Guards!”
The man controlling the birds was unremarkable, of average height and weight, identical to hundreds of people that walked the streets of New York everyday. In one hand he held a golden orb with a cross on top, in the other, a normal hand gun. The dichotomy made Tony want to laugh. Sure an army of magic birds was cool, but it was hard to top a good old fashioned gun.
This wasn’t the first time he had had a nightmare about Siberia, but they had been starting to taper off. Seeing Tony had brought it all back. He breathed deeply into the coat. Tony was fine, he had seen him a few hours ago and he had been fine. More fine than Steve.
The headlights of a vintage silver sports car flashed and they made their way over to it. They got in, and Steve started it up.
“Much fluffier than I remember.” He said with a grin, ruffling Steve’s ears. Steve put his ears back. He wasn’t fluffy! He was large and scary and fierce!
Obie put a hand on his shoulder comfortingly. “You can retake the training, and I’ll talk to them, how about that? Now tell me about that tribute, the one from 12.”
“Tell you what, I've got an easy solution!” Clint ran into the hall and yelled at the top of his lungs “TONY, HEY TONY! Steve just did something super embarrassing and you need to get up here right now if you want to make fun of him for it!”
The door to the barn opened and Stane stepped through. Tony was on him in a flash, hissing questions too quietly for Steve to hear. Stane put a possessive hand on his shoulder, and guided him back out.
Steve also had the same rigid moral compass as Rhodey and Pepper, which was another factor in his favor. Tony enjoyed being around those types of people, he knew he had an overwhelming personality and he liked knowing that they were going to call him out if he went too far. Being around his friends, and now Steve too, made him feel more stable.
Steve laughed, his smile as sunny as the day. “It is for you. Something lovely for someone lovely.” Steve took the flower from him and tucked it behind Tony’s ear. In the back of his mind Tony could feel a soft thrum of hope and affection.
Steve rolled his eyes and glanced around for something they could hit, settling on a crumpled up ball of paper. He tossed it underhand to Tony whose swing missed by a mile.
It was fun, between the lights and the motion and the music. There was a kid absolutely losing his mind in enjoyment a few animals ahead and it was adding to the overall experience. As the ride ground to a halt, Tony snapped a picture of himself on the horse, Steve on his eagle in the background.
“Everything isn’t always about you. I’ve got a lot of problems, ok, and I can’t fix most of them, and you’re just adding to the pile. Now do you want some fucking ravioli or not?”
Stane dragged Tony from the chair and slammed him down on the desk, knocking the breath out of him and sending papers and pens flying. Tony’s hands scrabbled at Stane’s hand where it was wrapped around his throat, trying to force him off. Stane slammed him down again with a snarl. “The Capitol will prevail like it always does, and at the end of this waste of time I’m going to kill every single district rat involved, and I’m going to start with you.”
Yeah, he was pretty much screwed when it came to Tony. He had skipped straight from hate to indifference to head over heels, and he couldn’t bring himself to care. He went to bed with a smile on his face, the warmth of the kiss still lingering.
“I’ll have more of this one then,” Tony said, already dumping more of the haberno sauce straight into his mouth. “It burns so delicious,” he said, tearing up. “It’s worth it.”
Finally he shrugged. “It doesn’t matter, it wasn’t the best of circumstances before we worked it all out.” He said, flicking the grass away, along with the question.
“Thanks, I hate you too.” Steve said dryly, glad to finally get it out there. Tony waved his hand at him, like he was trying to wipe away what they had said so far.
“Right. There’s no point in starting now, is there? Let’s go.” He dragged him to the supermarket, and brought him to the candy display in the front. Steve pulled out the box of ring pops and rifled through the options.
Was it wrong of him to wish she'd quit being so goddamn understanding? That Clint would stop looking at him with such hope, like there was nothing to worry about because good old Steve would always find a way out for them? He felt like he was drowning and his packmates were thanking him for pulling them down with him. He was out of ideas and out of options. He never would have gone to Stane otherwise.
“Oh, you know, just enjoying the small town charm. Did you know they only have one bar? How quaint.”
Tony pulled away, annoyed at being interrupted. “Fine. You need to relax, you’re acting weird today.”
Tony nodded. “I knew it. Don’t worry, you’ll always be my best friend. If I spend time with him, I’m not going to stop having time for you.” He assured him. Now Steve was all tense again. Maybe he needed more reassurance? He didn't want Steve to walk away upset, and not just because he didn't want to spend his free time fixing broken doors and reordering silverware to replace the bent stuff.
“Captain America!” The man with the ball yelled. “You will let my friend go, or else I will shoot your more charming counterpart here.” He waved the gun threateningly at the dazed man’s head, and shook him roughly to emphasize his point.
“Thanks Pep.” Tony hung up, and texted Christine to let her down gently. He promised that if they ran into each other again he’d sign her book. With that taken care of, he needed to figure out what to do to win Steve over.
“We’re right here.” Clint and Natasha stepped out of the woods, both covered in snow. They all met up in the center, patting each other of the pack and laughing in relief. They had all made it and were finally together again.
Tony paid for their tickets, and got on to pace around to find the best animal. “Which is your favorite?”
“If you come, you will lose this home. You will lose your health, your peace of mind. You will lose people you love. That isn’t a guess, it’s a fact. Will you still follow me?”
There was a second knock at the door. “That must be Barnes,” Peggy guessed. “I thought I saw his car as I was turning in here.”
Tony tried to take stock of the situation. He didn’t know where he was, or any of the others. The others might be dead for all he knew. The burned trees all looked identical, and stretched as far as he could see. He had lost his backpack, and his boot which Steve had taken off to rewrap his foot. He had no food or water, and the ash was so thick in the air he was struggling to breathe. Night had fallen, and with the projectors off it was too dim to see clearly.
The other tribute dragged him up again, and before Tony coughed up all the water he was gasping out his acceptance. The other boy let him go and Tony crawled away, coughing and hacking.
Tony passed his cell phone over and Steve started to dial from memory. “You remember how this all started? You trying to figure out what the symbol I drew was? It’s a shield. That’s the name of the rebellion, and I bet they’d like to know that you’re about to shut down all the Capital building’s defenses. They have people inside the city that could come help.”
”Forget that, what the hell did Tony do to you?!? I need to get Jan, we are in so much trouble.” Clint ran outside without waiting for an answer to any of his questions. Steve finished putting the eggs away, and went upstairs and changed his shirt. It would be easier to argue he was fine if he wasn’t as bloody. He looked at his shoulder. It was healing well. Maybe five days, and it would be like it never happened. A week at most. He put on a new shirt. Dirty. He really needed to do laundry. When he got back downstairs, his two pack mates were waiting for him in the kitchen. Clint was worriedly pacing, and Jan was biting her lip. Steve tried to take control of the situation before it escalated any further. He spread his hands flat on the table.
“Anthony, heir to the Stark pack, do you take Steven of the Rogers pack as your lawfully wedded husband, and chosen mate, surrendering all claims to your old pack?”
He collapsed to his hands and knees in the water, making desperate wheezing sounds. Tony watched from his cave, paralyzed. Outside the smoke grew thicker, filling the air with ashy grey haze. Inside the cave Tony was spared the worst of it, with entrance covered in sticks and the blanket keeping the smoke out, and clean cool air coming in through the inch wide gap over the water. Outside Steve climbed up the side of the stream bed like he was going to keep moving, then collapsed, his thin body wracked with coughs. The smoke was much worse higher up, and though Steve realized it, it was too late, and he didn’t have the breathe to climb back down. Within a few minutes he would be dead.
“Give me a minute, I’m still scrolling to try to find the recipe. The lady who wrote the recipe is named Mel and she felt the need to take us on her entire lemon poppy seed muffin journey, in great detail. She says people forget about lemon muffins in favor of chocolate, isn’t that so sad? But she decided to take a stand, for lemon muffin lovers everywhere. I think that’s beautiful.”
“Alright, what'd he do???” He yelled with glee. His hair was fluffed up in wild curls, and he was in an old t-shirt, stained with soot from head to toe. Plus for the first time since they had met, he was smiling. Of course it was at his expense, but...it was maybe kind of nice. Not that he cared. Because he hated him. And he was making a mess in his house.
What was with everyone babying him lately? First Jarvis, now Steve. Tony responded the same way, throwing him a sloppy salute and a sassy grin before disappearing down the hall to go put on his armor. Steve turned to the rest of the Avengers who were all giving him indulgent smiles.
As the door slid open Tony looked around. In one corner there was a shooting range, and a boy was shooting arrows into the center of a target with deadly accuracy. Beside him, a red headed girl was doing just as well with her set of knives.
It’d been a while since his playboy days and sometimes he missed the flirting. He liked this Brian guy, he was fun.
They rounded the people up and Clint glared at them as Tony sat in front of the main computer and cracked his knuckles. Since he was in the Capital building itself, he was able to connect to the internal secure server and start disabling the defenses. Whenever it asked for administrator permissions he simply entered his own code. He had built most of these systems and the most top secret weapons, his security clearance was only short of the president and his advising cabinet. When he was blocked, the screen flashing red warnings, he paused, thinking. Obie was an incredibly smart and secretive person. He was also old, and like every other old person, had a complicated relationship with technology.
They had shared a bed a couple times since Tony had spent the night, sometimes when Tony couldn't stand the quiet, and sometimes when Steve wanted to sleep in a room that didn't smell like cows. Tonight, Steve wanted the comfort of him near with all the sudden changes going on.
To have the Captain’s interest was both the sweetest gift and the bitterest torture. He could not indulging in this, as much as he wanted to. He put the flower back in Steve’s hands, and walked ahead with his head down. He felt Steve’s disappointment like a sword through his heart. Steve caught back up to him.
“I’m going to need you to stand in front of the green screen, and read the lines like you were supposed to earlier. Then we’ll edit it in post and it’ll be like you did it right the first time.”
Steve shifted back to human from where he lay panting on the ground. Tony helped him to his feet and pulled him into a hug. Steve buried his face in Tony’s hair, breathing in his familiar scent of home and safety.
“So you assume everything I say is mean? Great. No wonder we have communication issues, every time I mention a movie or use an expression you think it’s an insult. Which is a real problem since I’m 90% pop culture references.”
Steve must have finished suiting up because took over the comms in full captain mode. “ETA about 10 minutes Iron Man. Do not engage until we get there.”
“Yes, yes,” Hammer agreed. “Several gifts, this has been the first time a tribute ranked last in the skill test received a sponsorship. And technically you didn't receive a score at all. Sponsorship's always add an interesting layer to the game, extending contestant's time much further past what was initially expected. The both of you lost a lot of people a lot of bet money, no one expected either of you to last as long as you did, with you coming in first and Rogers in sixth. A few more minutes and he would have been top 5 and that would have sent a lot more people to the poor house.”
After they died in the snow the Capital had collected their bodies, and instead of dumping them in the incinerators with everyone else, they had brought them here. Because they froze, the Capital had been able to use their advanced medical technology to revive them, like a makeshift version of cryogenics. Maybe Obie had intended to use them as a bargaining chip to get Tony to behave, maybe he intended to revive them to question them about the rebellion. Either way, here they were, defrosted and sleeping in a thick cryogel.
Tony had thought the rude gesture earlier was a sign of some spunk, or a way to get more attention. Now it was looking like the guy was just nuts.
Tony scoffed, but inside he could feel it too. Something inside him was always pulling towards Steve, and he felt bereft when he got far enough away that he couldn’t feel anyone else as a soothing presence inside his head. Even before he had met the dragon and solidified the bond, he had instinctively trusted Steve, even when he had no reason to. Steve handed him a flower, and Tony examined it.
Unfortunately, sometime during Steve’s quest to figure out how to get Tony to listen to him through manners and charm, Tony had retaliated and figured out how to get to Steve's weak points in return.
Clint turned and looked at him with exaggerated surprise written all over his face. “Wait! Oh no! If the truck won’t start, we won’t be able to take Tony back!”
“A real underdog story, and a love story to boot. Our ratings were off the charts, people were tuning in every night to see you and Rogers.” Hammer jumped into his first question. “Tony, could you tell the crowd what your strategy was in the games?”
“Spend the next few weeks watching Tony,” he ordered. “Tony, if you break my very reasonable and easy rules, then he’s going to report straight back to me, and you won’t like what happened next. Got it? I made you Game Master and I can take it away just as easily.”
“I'm sure it'll be fine.”  Matt says in a soothing tone.  “If not, I can always present them with a lawsuit about how they knowing placed you in a situation that could compromise your healing.”  That's just like Matt.  Leave it to him to bring up the lawyer bit.  I admit, it makes me feel better and the bastard knows it.  Sadly, it makes him even more endearing.  He has been a good friend, ever since we got over the age difference bit.
“-ter? Peter?” I blink and everything in front of me changes. Matt's holding my hand in a death grip, repeating my name with fearful urgency. “Peter?”
I scramble out of bed, forgetting about the phone in my hand as I rush around to get ready. “Sir, yes, sir!” Another round of restrained laughter on his part and I am so embarrassed that I'm acting like a kid who's going to the zoo for the first time. Can it, I'm ready to taste freedom.
Now, onto Carnage. Not the first time I've had the displeasure. Nope. After Goblin kidnapped me, as Peter, he'd made me into Carnage. Freaked me out for a while feeling my body move without my say so. But after all the experience with Venom, I'd managed.
Tony stalked over to the plane. “Let me tell you exactly what happens here. You turn on the propeller. The sound attracts the Chitauri in the barn. You die. I die. The day restarts.”
Too bad they had a business relationship, Tony had a rule against sleeping with employees. Well, it was HR’s rule, but he was happy to follow it.
“Oh Tony,” he sighed, not even knowing where to start. Tony continued before he could say more, talking faster and faster.
Maxwell came from behind and hit me with his bloody bat. Can you believe that? He can control thousands of invincible ghost ravens with a thought and he hits me with an aluminum baseball bat he probably stole from some kiddies softball match. Ridiculous.”
For a long time I forgot that. I used it as an excuse to not think about things, I used it as an excuse to mope, I used it to hurt myself. Even after I met you, I didn’t get it, and I’m still not perfect. But Tony, you’re my Sunshine, you’re my one good thing, you’re my constant reminder that there’s a whole world out there, beyond our immediate problems, and out there anything is possible. With you, anything is possible, as long as we're together and we keep trying. Look beyond the clouds, because there will be clouds, but behind them the sun is always shining.
Tony was laughing like crazy and holding on for dear life as Jan and Clint jumped around chanting. Steve grabbed his arm and pulled him down safely. Tony was breathless.
Tony shook his head frantically. “No, no! Well.… actually yes on the furniture. And maybe the security. So actually yes to both. But the party will be fun! You guys will love it!” he insisted.
Clint slapped his hand to his back pocket with a gasp. Jan covered her eyes in embarrassment and Steve looked at him in disbelief. How Clint had gotten this far in life without learning even the very basics of lying was beyond him.
“Everywhere like a normal person, or everywhere for Tony?” asked Clint. “Remember the time he got stuck in the walls when he was jamming machine guns in there to stop intruders? I had to go through the vents to get him out. Although they really did come in handy when Doom’s spider robots tried to come in through the lobby,“ he finished thoughtfully.
“Yes! Oh my god, this is huge!” She gasped. Clint looked him up and down speculatively. “Well I guess we figured out why Steve’s never had a real partner before, a person’s gotta beat him in combat before he’ll look at them twice.”
“For once, could you please not get in the plane? There’s a perfectly good cabin right here. We could eat canned peaches, watch a movie. Be happy.”
“I have told you, the yellow flowers have no medical purpose and no place in my bag. If you will be handing me plants, then I need yarrow.”
“You realize that he-” she was interrupted by a buzzer and the clock on a screen to the side flashed 0. She gave up on what she was going to say. She stood up and held her microphone close to her face, walking up to the edge of the stage with fake cheers played over the speakers mounted above them.
“You know what’s more beautiful?” Tony asked, face down on the counter. “Finished muffins. I could have made two batches in the amount of time it's taken you to scroll down. Empires have been founded and fallen in the amount of time it's taken you to find a recipe.”
Steve shook his head. “We have to find and kill the queen. That’s the only way to stop the loop.” He walked through the kitchen and peered outside the window. His eyes widened. Outside on a long gravel driveway was a two person rotor plane. He pushed the back door open and went outside. Tony grabbed his arm.
The light on the camera shut off and Tony stood, grabbing Steve as he toppled forward and keeping his head from slamming into the wood paneled floor. “I’ve got him, come on, let’s go.”
Behind him he heard Jan slap a hand to her face, and Tony let out a snort. Why was he even doing this? He hated the guy yesterday and he still didn’t know how he felt today. Stupid Jan convincing him he should flirt. Steve felt his face heat, and he knew he was turning beet red. Tony decided to roll with it, thank god.
Steve looked down and realized that he was still holding the red jacket. He tossed it on a chair and pushed the door shut. He sat on the ground next to the bed. He debated agreeing about the coat, then changed his mind, remembering his dream self’s leering face. Liar, liar.
How was it empty? It couldn’t be empty. Tony shoved more snow to the side, and forced his way in, rolling down the slight hill of snow and hitting the back wall of the cave. Out of the wind he could finally fully open his eyes.
Tony glared at him. “The Avengers, the real ones, not your gang of criminals, got to the scene thirty minutes after the alert. Rhodey and Peter worked to evacuate citizens while Carol, Vision and I took down as many men as we could. There were a lot of them, and I decided to take a closer look at one of the guns. It was pretty heavily based on Chitari tec, and as you know they were all connected to a hive system. Ergo, all of the guns were connected. Excellent for sharing power so that a single weapon never ran out, and could draw from the collective energy pool. Also excellent if you plan to overload every single gun at once by overfeeding one. I tied it into the city’s power grid and let the sparks fly. Then I get a call that you’re down. I fly over and you’re dead. I’ve been working for the past ten years to stop innocents from being killed with my bombs, then I go and blow up you. You!”
The broadcast ended. There was nothing more saying Tony’s name had been cleared and he could go home. If anything, Hammer spoke of him like he was already dead. Tony took a deep breath. Maybe Obie needed more time? A day should have been more than enough to uncover the truth see what was really going on. Someone else must have been upset over his promotion to Game Master, and they were misleading Obie. Probably Hammer. He had always been jealous of Tony, he must have set everything up to falsely discredit him and steal his spot. That meant that no help was coming.
Tony crossed his arms. “It’s fine. I don’t care. Why would I care? It’s just some dumb jewelry, it doesn’t matter.”
“Enough to get Tony back on his feet.” Steve said, and left it at that. They couldn’t explain that it was real without first letting the audience in on the fact that it had originally been fake, and Tony didn’t think they’d take kindly to being tricked. It rackled slightly that the group thought they were faking, and he pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek to make himself feel better, and was rewarded with a small smile.
Behind him a twig snapped and Tony turned, too late. A large hand grabbed him by the throat and forced his head under the water. Tony panic, and water rushed in to fill his throat. He tried to cough it out, his head held firmly under the surface. His hands scrambled at whoever was holding him, and he kicked and twisted desperately. He managed to get a few fingers between the hand and his throat and he ripped the hand away, pushing himself out of the water and desperately coughing up water. Before he could so much as open his eyes the other tributes was on him again, forcing him face first into the sand and pinning him down by sitting on his back. He was not even an inch away from where Tony had been struck by the baton, and whenever he shifted pain shot up Tony’s back from the bruise. Tony continued to cough as he blinked the water and mud out of his eyes. It was the tribute from 9, a brute of a boy with a cruel taste for weapons, if Tony remembered correctly. He pulled Tony up at a little and slammed him back into the sand and the world spun dizzyingly.
Tony laughed and brushed a hand through Steve’s hair, careful to avoid the back of his head. “I don’t think it’s that simple.”
Tony ran simulation after simulation, tracking minute angles and power couplets, streamlining the rocket and its engines until they reached unprecedented heights. Steve didn’t understand a word of the alphabet soup of math that flashed across the screen, so instead he watched Tony’s face. He watched his eyes light up when he made progress, and his nose crinkle when things didn’t pan out. Most of the time he wore an impatient frown, his displeasure at the laws of physics not bending to his whims written clearly across the lines drawn between his brows. When he rubbed angrily at his forehead, that was when Steve knew it had been a day of constant frustrations, and was time to intervene.
He and Yinsen carefully pulled the landmine from the ground, then moved on to the next platform to start all over again. They spent the rest of the day that way, digging in the hot sun under Raza’s watchful eye.
Tony tried, the pain making it hard. Then it seemed to get farther away, the sharp burn slowly fading into a dull warmth.
Steve screamed with pure unrestrained joy and flipped the desk. Stern jumped back with a started “Good lord!” as Steve turned to Tony who was laughing uproariously and swept him into a kiss. It had worked out earlier and it worked out well again. They only broke off as Stern started yelling at them about property damage. They broke apart and ran out of the office and down the hall back to the foyer. Steve quickly got a few hundred cash from the teller from their newly full checking account, and they made their escape before Stern could get over his shock and call the cops on them.
Not-Cap laughed. “Are you alright? I'm guessing falling out of the sky like that isn't an everyday occurrence?”
“Right, Thor, he needs help.” Steve was awkwardly trying to lean back without looking like he was pushing Tony away. Tony leaned forward, immediately closing the space again.
Tony nodded, and drifted off, the chill of the night air stopped by the warmth of the dragon beside him.
“I’m not saying we should or shouldn’t go, but I am saying that if a certain someone-” She gave Steve a pointed look. “-is trying to patch things up with Tony, maybe he shouldn’t respond to Tony’s welcome by immediately ignoring everything he says.”
Right now Tony was at his old place with Jan, having slept over at the Stark pack’s to avoid the bad luck of them seeing each other the morning before the wedding. Jan was there to make sure Tony made it there on time and presentable. If left to his own devices he quickly lost track of time and dates. Didn’t matter much on the ranch, not like the cows scheduled appointments. Steve knew he was gone on his fiancé because he found it charming that Tony got so invested in what he was doing he lost track of time, rather than annoying that he was always late for everything.
Tony tried to speak and his voice came out as a rasp. How long had he been lying there? He cleared his throat and tried again. “I moved your name to first. You were supposed to win.”
“I need two things. First we need to go back to Stark Industries, so I can pick up a flash drive. I kept all my drives with ideas Obie said were too fanciful locked up in my desk drawer. He was always very focused on the weapons, just as bad as my father. Great since he’s the CEO of a weapons company, not great when I was trying to explain how I could probably revolutionize space flight if he would just listen. I also need a copy of the modeling software, which should be on one of the drives in there too.”
Tony gave him a look and Steve shut his eyes with a sigh. His head was pounding and his chest was on fire, Tony wouldn’t think any less of him for admitting pain. He was trying to be more honest with Tony, and trying to let Tony take care of him like he so clearly wanted to.
Steve didn’t like how Tony sounded when he was in the suit and he didn’t have a comm. The voice was too low to sound like Tony. He did like flying with Iron Man. It was like the world’s best roller coaster. He wished he could fly everywhere.
Tony must have the wrong video, this wasn’t the same boy. This one had long shaggy brown hair, and only one arm that he was using to punch at the peacekeepers.
After a few hours of anxious sitting, the vet let them take Bucky home with a bottle of pills and strict instructions for rest and care. They brought him home and Steve settled him safely in his bed, still knocked out. A grey bandage covered a stump, and Steve winced away in guilt. He should have saved him, and was incredibly lucky that he was still here, and still alive. Steve didn't know what he would have done if he had lost Bucky a second time. Probably something drastic like crashing a plane.
Jan considered the situation for a moment, then spoke. “You know Tony’s not going to leave after he runs out of things to fix.”
“So, what do you think about Moore’s Law?” he finally asked, curious to see if it was possible for the kid to get even more uncomfortable as he tried to bullshit his way through an answer on a topic he had never heard of.
Tony laughed and walked outside with Sam. Inside they could hear a glass shattering and Steve apologizing to the waitress. They guy was such a klutz for being a supposed super soldier. Sam handed him the wings and leaned against the wall. Tony placed them on the ground, sat beside them and began tinkering with them, pulling a small screwdriver out of a panel in his armor.
"We're no worse off than yesterday," he tried to remind himself. "We'll figure something out. We have to."
Steve broke eye contact and pulled his hand away. “I didn’t say anything. It’s time to return to our labor.”
“I’m not stuck. Stuck means trapped, stuck means unmoving, and the only thing you’ve done since I’ve met you is get me and my lousy ranch moving in the right direction. I’m glad you’re here. When I was younger my Ma would always say, “No cloudy thoughts on sunny days.” Sort of a little reminder, that you might be feeling bad inside, but things around you are still bright, still good, if you were willing to look.
Steve considered the question for a concerningly long time, before saying, “I think I’m going to throw up.”
Christine laughed, though the speakers were silent. Whoever was in charge of sound effects was a tough crowd. Tony shrugged it off and continued.
After his funeral I went home, and reevaluated my entire life. Everything I had ever done could be summed up as building bigger and bigger bombs. And what was the point of that? Why did I spend every waking moment forcing my wolf down, containing the beast inside me so that I wouldn’t hurt anyone, so that I could turn around and kill hundreds with my weapons? The wolf wasn’t the monster, I was.
Tony left the room and came back with their tiny pair of scissors from the first aid kit, along with tweezers. He kneeled down again and carefully cut and removed the thread in a few of the smaller cuts. Steve winced as he did it, but once it was done he felt much better. He had let his skin fully heal over stitches once, and after spending a half hour in the bathtub trying to cut little pieces of string out of his thigh he swore to never let it happen again. Tony wiped all the tools down and rewrapped Steve’s chest, his hands shaking slightly. When he was done, Steve put his shirt back on and grabbed Tony’s wrist.
“Hush, I’m not done. Somehow I got from dreading this day to looking forward to it, from hating you to loving you, and we’re here now, and I don’t think I’ve ever been this happy. I invited three people to a wedding of three hundred guests, because they were all I had left. For a long time, things were terrible. There was responsibility, there was work, and there was debt, and there wasn’t much else. Then there was you, telling me to man up and fix it. You helped me through my lowest, and make me the best version of myself. My wonderful Tony, my light at the end of the tunnel, my sunbeam through the clouds, my beloved Sunshine. You are the light of my life, and I am so happy to be here, and I am so honored that you’ve chosen me back. I promise to love and cherish you, in sickness and in health, for as long as we both shall live.”
Rhodey passed by them to get to his bed. “It’s true, he didn’t say a thing. Maybe you are the one who is ill.” He pressed and hand to Tony’s head and frowned. “You’re warm, much warmer than usual.”
“I never have regrets.” Tony laughed, and he tilted his head back to squirt the hot sauce sauce directly on his tongue. Immediately his mouth caught on fire and his eyes filled with tears. “Shit.”
Cap turned his gaze to the other man. He was dressed in a combat uniform much like his own, but with the British flag stretched across his chest in bright red, white, and blue. Steve spoke into the comms, updating his team. “The hostage is not a civilian, it's Captain Britain. He seems dazed but unharmed. The hostile has not tried to engage, I'm going to try to initiate peace talks.”
A noble man at the court like Tony was pretending to be would have no reason to know the name of a minor smith, and his career path. Tony shrugged awkwardly.
Steve kissed him and Tony responded eagerly, almost desperately, trying to bury himself in all the tiny mundane details that meant Steve was alive and real, the beat of his heart under Tony’s hand, Steve’s own hands dragging down Tony’s back. Blond eyelashes pale and fine resting against cheeks flushed pink and healthy.
Tony was used to kissing, he was used to sex. It was just for fun, it never meant anything, he was always out the door the next morning before they woke up. They kept things fun and casual in the Capital.
In previous chapters, Steve decides to marry Tony to get his dowry to save the ranch. Problems arise, but they're are finally able to pay off their debts. Bucky comes back, and is worried about Steve's decision because he doesn't trust the Starks and thinks Steve is in too deep to see clearly. After a fight, Bucky leaves to go investigate further.
Tony rolled his eyes and didn’t bother to respond. Steve put an arm around his waist and they drifted off to sleep.
Steve felt his face heat up. That was embarrassing. He decided to drop it, Sam would think what he wanted and Steve denying it would only reinforce the idea that he was hiding something. He went into his room and came out in running shorts and shoes. They went outside and the guard at the gate refused to let them outside the fence for security reasons. Steve would talk to Carol about it later. For now he and Sam ran in circles, round and round, trapped inside the fence. Steve finished the run feeling more antsy and unsettled than when he started. They went back inside and ran into Tony in the hallway. Steve felt like a mess in his sweaty t-shirt and beaten up shoes, while Tony was in a fitted suit and red sunglasses. Tony only wore sunglasses indoors when he was feeling vulnerable. His actions were as transparent as the thin layer of red glass covering his eyes.
Steve was shocked. They hadn’t had a streak of luck like this for years. A two hundred dollar repair done for free? He wouldn’t turn that down, no matter who was doing the fixing.
The more he thought about it the more he realized what a risk this was. He could have gotten trapped in the smoke too, he could have given away his location, he could have welcomed a threat into his safe spot. So far more than half of his interactions with Steve had ended in violence.
Steve turned away, and they sat in silence. Tony tried to move his fingers on his hand and they still didn’t twitch. He used his good hand to rip off parts of his shirt and bandage it the best he could. An hour later there was a loud crash and dust rained down from the ceiling. The rebel army had arrived. The guard at the end of the hall left his post and ran outside to join the fight. Tony could hear dragons roaring and swords clanging. There wasn’t the sound of a single catapult or plane and he breathed a sigh of relief. There was a thump, then another, and the door to the prison burst open. It was Jan and Hank, and they rushed over to them.
This story is completely written, and it will be updated as I edit and format, most likely every couple days.
“Districts 1, 2, and 3 have the most, since they’re closest to the Capital. I’m familiar with everything you guys have here, at least that I’ve seen so far. It tapers off as you get into the more rural areas, and personally I don’t think Steve has ever used a tablet, though he is familiar with telephones and cameras. Steve is the guy from 12,” Bruce said.
“The most cocky maybe-” Steve replied, but he was smiling, and Tony felt something inside his chest tighten. Steve needed to smile more. Today was the first time Tony had seen him something other than angry or scared, and it was a good feeling to know Tony had been the one to make him grin.
Steve gave him a hurt look, and walked away. He walked behind the bar then instead of going inside he looped around between buildings to listen in on what they were saying. Not polite, but whatever. This was the first person Steve had seen from Tony’s past, and he was curious. When he peered around the corner, he saw that Indries was inspecting her nails, smug.
Steve was pissed. Fuck being polite. He’d been civil for a whole ten minutes and he wasn't getting any of the things he was here to negotiate for, so he might as well get in a few cheap shots.
Steve agreed and Tony leaned against the counter while Steve cleaned his paintbrushes and twisted the caps back onto his tubes of paint. He scrubbed furoious at the paint stains on his arms in the sink and they didn't come off, so Steve hid them under a jacket. He politely held the door open for Tony, who pushed himself off the counter and walked out, Steve locking up behind him.
“I don’t know. I’m going to need to find some food eventually, but I haven’t thought beyond that. Speaking of food, do you want some jerky?”
“So you can call me when you get a lead,” he said, but his cheeky grin and sparkling eyes told everyone that he hoped Tony would be calling for a different reason. Then he strode out of the restaurant confidently, showing no sign that he had been half carried in.
“Not at the end. Not when we could hardly speak to each other and you spent all day in the gym and I spent all night in the lab. Not in Germany or the airport or in Siberia. I don’t want to slide right back to where we were. We need to do something different, and until I figure out how, I don’t want to retread the same tracks.”
"I didn't believe you were a traitor for a minute, but by time I found out what was going on you were already in the arena, and Stane refused to speak with me. There's something rotten going on in the Capitol."
Steve hesitated, before shaking his head. “It doesn’t matter. Many have given up their names and titles. He is a good and loyal man, who has supported me in times of trouble without reservation. I trust him with my life, and I have no time for your games.”
“Well you can sleep outside with your honor, while I sit inside with a functioning heater and appreciate still having toes!”
“No, this is good, this is progress. I thought we were going to have to wait until you were both eighty before you made a move. Maybe you'd dare to kiss him on your fifty year anniversary.”
Steve stared at him. “You can just….make a patent? In like three weeks? And sell it for thousands of dollars?” He squinted at him doubtfully.
Three months later he received his copy, Pepper putting it on his desk. He spun the book around to look at the cover. He didn’t remember taking the picture, it must have been from an older press shoot. He looked good, his teeth white and his face tan as he stood in front of a photoshopped beach. He shoved it in a drawer of his desk. He’d read it eventually. Right now Pepper had things for him to sign.
Everyone went to their old rooms, and Tony showed Scott and Carol the empty room options and let them pick. Steve hovered behind them indecisively. He didn’t have a room. He had shared with Tony for the past four years, for as long as he had stayed at the compound, and there was no chance of them returning to that arrangement at the moment. After their break up Tony probably trashed his things. He would most likely be starting over, trying to build a space to call his own from scratch. Every time that happened it got harder to rebuild. After his ma died he hadn’t been able to afford rent, and the landlord had dumped all of his stuff outside. By time he got back it had been picked through by anyone walking down the street, and most of his things were gone or ruined with mud.
Tony sat back down, and clasped his hands together, leaning forward. He had his “I fucked up” face on.
In the front row Stane crossed his arms and the notary gulped. “It’s fine, he doesn’t have to say anything. Let’s just wrap this up. Steven, Alpha of Rogers pack, do you take Anthony of the Stark pack to be your lawfully wedded husband and chosen mate, and accept him into your pack with no reservations?’
Natasha cleared her throat. “So you two are faking all of this for the cameras? Steve, you don’t actually like him enough, to say, hypothetically, try to put his life above everyone else's?”
Tony cleared his throat. “Ok, well, I’m going to go fast because I don’t do sentimental, just ask Pepper.
Steve clapped him on the shoulder. “I think that’s the nicest response I’ve ever gotten. Usually people try to convince me it was for the best since I’m sick all the time.” Steve lead them out of the park and into the busier part of the city. “You run a technology company, right? I think you’ll like this next place.”
“I was looking for inconsistencies,” Tony tried to explain as Steve frowned at him. “It was mostly train footage, I’m not stalking you.”
“What does that mean?” Yinsen asked, as more parachutes started to fall from the sky, all beeping loudly and glaringly bright white, coming down in a straight line leading back to the camp.
In this chapter, Steve mopes and tries to get his life together. Secrets are shared and a plan is made.
He finished up painting and put the lid back on the can. He pounded it shut with a hammer so that it wouldn't dry out, and brought it back to the barn where he put it on top of the other paint can. One chore down, eight hundred to go. He grabbed a roll of wire and headed out to the fields to mend part of the fence. Another task he could do on autopilot, while he thought himself in circles. He really shouldn't let him stay. Even if they did end up getting along better now, they'd hate each in other in the end. Tony didn't want to live on a ranch. After he fixed everything mechanical, there would be nothing else for him to do unless he wanted to learn to toss hay. He doubted that. He was some spoiled rich kid, he’d probably give up fixing their furnace once he broke a nail. They couldn't afford to feed him if he lounged around the house all day. He'd be resentful living with nothing to do and no one to talk to, and none of his fancy city folk entertainment. So it would be best if he left, before he realized that they were just using him for his skills and despised him as a person and he had wasted a month of his life on a ranch in bumfuck nowhere fixing twenty year old appliances for hostile strangers. He wondered if Tony had friends back home who were missing him. Did he have time to say goodbye in the hour he was gone to pack? Or had he just disappeared, leaving that sham of a wolf Stane to explain he had married him off to some country bumpkin so he could hold on to control of his pack forever. He had figured out Stane’s motives pretty quick. If they got married, Tony would be a part of the Roger pack, and could never take command of the Stark pack. Stane would get to keep all wealth and power he had amassed. Tony was a jerk, but he was better than Stane. Everyone would be happier if he went back and married a nice wolf from his own pack. Unlike Steve's pack that was small enough that everyone was loosely related, the Stark pack was made up of dozens of independent families, who had all moved to Colorado to get in on the legendary wealth and prosperity the large pack enjoyed. With a couple hundred members there had to be someone Tony got along with better than Steve, considering it was such a low bar to meet. He stood up with a sigh.
Tony’s eyes flicked up to meet his. “Because things are starting to go back to exactly how they used to be.”
“There appears to be a swarm of birds attempting to rob a jewelry store, Sir.” Jarvis stated dryly as videos from security cameras and panicked bystanders played on the screens. One video ended abruptly as a bird swept down and stole the guy’s camera. Tony picked up his damaged gauntlet again and laughed.
Tony looked down at the arrow then up at Bruce who gave him a sad smile. “Go on, Tony. Take it. Steve had a point, you could do some good if you made it back. And what do I have to go home to? A life living alone in the local victor’s house, trying to keep my head down to avoid the wrath of the Capital?”
Steve smiled. “Yeah. Me too. That doesn’t mean there’s not still room for you. Stay and sleep with me?”
Well, shit. Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “No sorry, that came out wrong.” He mentally kicked himself, he was trying to be nice to Tony, not piss him off. The first rule he had learned after spending a week on the Avengers was that pissing off Tony was a very bad idea. Pranks took on a whole new level when the entire building could be turned against you through Jarvis.
“A small mining camp on the northernmost border. This is where Loki sends everyone who will not swear fealty to him but might one day be useful, if only for mining him more riches. You arrived here this morning, and I’ve done my best to tend to you. My name is Tony.”
He scowled. “What are you guys waiting for, let's go!” He clapped his hands and the Avengers stood and rushed off to arm themselves. They regrouped in the hanger a few minutes later, including Thor who had slept through breakfast, and boarded the quinjet, ready to fight.
“You could call it that, if it would make you feel better. We both know the truth. You were happy to parade around in times of peace, soaking up unearned accolades and adoration from the masses. Then when it came time to fight? You ran. After swearing your sword and your life to your king, you ran. Despicable.”
“I cheated a little. You know there’s a museum exhibit on the commandos, right? When I was younger I asked Peggy who Sergeant Whiskers was.”
“Because the answer is no. Having a fling is not going to be worth the amount of drama and trouble it’s going to produce.”
Tony interrupted before he could get any more worked up. “I’ll give you a thousand bucks a day for the next week to show me the sights.”
“It's like a chihuahua fighting a bear,” Clint whisper to Jan, and she let out a quiet snort. Tony glared at the two of them, then turned back to Steve who was now smirking. He snarled, fangs growing. “Great! It's all settled then! Tomorrow morning you can drive me back, and we'll never have to see each other again.” He said with a sarcastic little hand clap, forcing himself back under control.
“Why are they in America if they're English? And if these birds are so great why are they using them to rob banks like petty crooks? And what do they want? Kane had control of the bank for a twenty minutes before we got here and he didn’t leave with any cash. What aren't you telling us?”
“It wasn't a loan.” He huffed, “It was a dowry. I agreed to an arranged marriage, signed a contract, and came home with a check and a fiancé. That was the first time I met Tony.” He gave a small shrug and tried to play it all off as no big deal, like he hadn't spent days agonizing over it and more time after regretting it.
Finally, finally, he did a perfect run. Between him and the Commandos, they slaughtered every single Chitauri in the state of New York in one grueling day. They worked their way to the very center of the city, where crouched in the center of a demolished tower, they found something new. What looked like a pit of tentacles writhed, surrounded by Chitauri and leviathans. The patrol circled it protectively. Steve had found that if he killed a leviathan, the day reset whether he died or not. He concluded easily enough that that was where he got his ability to reset, but the whys and hows were beyond him.
“I’m cooking with love, I don’t need a recipe. I don’t like it when other people tell me what to do. I’ll make them my way, taste them, figure out what I did wrong, then make a new batch until they’re right.” He poked Steve in the chest. “Iterative-” poke, “design-” poke. Steve grabbed his hand before he could poke him again.
“I object!” Bucky yelled, skidding to a stop in front of the couple, panting roughly. His clothes were a mess and he was scratched up to hell and back.
They all settled at the table and passed around plates of pasta and bowls of bread. They all told stories and laughed happily late into the night. Steve kept his arm over the back of Tony’s chair and they spent most the night shooting each other sappy looks. After dinner they moved to the living room to open gifts.
“Reports of Chitari based weaponry in Des Moines being used for a possible hostile takeover. Several hundred possible threats. Immediate Avengers presence is requested.”
“There’s a picture missing, from the night stand. The one where we’re looking at each other.” He said casually. Or as casually as he could fake. Tony looked down and swirled his coffee.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Stane snarled. The unnatural chemical smell filled the air and his skin started stretch as he bent over with a howl. He was shifting, but it wasn’t like any shift Steve had ever seen. Clumps of black fur erupted in spotty patches as Stane seemed to expand in size, his body warping.
Tony went upstairs and came back with a clean shirt. Steve switched tops as Tony neatly cracked the eggs into the bowl using both hands. Steve added the lemon juice and Tony mixed the wet ingredients together and poured it into the dry. He mixed that too, as Steve got out the muffin tins and rubbed them with shortening so the batter wouldn’t stick. Tony carefully poured an equal amount into each cup, and Steve slid it into the oven and set a timer for twenty minutes.
The next word Tony picked was four letters. The first letter was ‘F’. They decided to take a break from hangman.
“I don't give tours,” the man said with annoyance. “Look, this number is for serious business inquiries only. Who are you and how’d you get my number?”
Everyone turned to look at him, as he used his thin frame and sharp elbows to fight his way to the front of the crowd where the other boy had been forced on stage.
Steve was doing push ups in the training simulator. The mechanical claws hanging from the ceiling were supposed to represent Chitauri soldiers, and they jerked around the room unpredictably. One came towards him and he vaulted gracefully over top before returning to his push ups. There was commotion in the hallway and a tall man with black hair and a goatee charged into the training room. He ducked under a claw and walked confidently forward as a second claw passed inches from his face. The man came to a stop in front of Steve and put his hands on his hips. “My name is Tony Stark, I got the Chitauri leviathan blood on me in the attack on the German front tomorrow. I’m stuck in a time loop like you were in in New York.” He rushed out.
“After that?” Tony asked, the blood rushing in his ears. Something felt... off. He was here, and he was also not here, and he felt too large for his skin. He needed to go outside. He needed to go back to the woods.
“You’re one small cog in a big system all based around zero accountability. By your action or by your inaction, we are going to die. The least you can do is recognize that!”
A couple months later Steve tossed the last of Tony’s suitcases in the back of the truck as the sun started peeking out from behind the mountains. They both got in the truck, and Steve started it up. Only took him one try, since Tony redid the wiring. Steve drove them both the long drive to Stark Industries where he parked the car and Tony got out. He watched as Tony made his way to the front door and stepped inside.
At the end of the week Tony was required to go to the skill test to help rank the contestants. It was not televised, in order to help competitors preserve the advantage of surprise for the arena, but the final scores would be projected throughout the Capital. A good score would help the contestants get sponsors, who could send them small helpful gifts while they were in the arena. Many times it made the difference between life and death.
Natasha smiled. “He let you off light because he feels bad you’re hurt. Still though, that’s good to hear.”
“How are you this smart and still this stupid?” Steve asked, almost in wonder. At Tony’s scowl he held up his hands. “No, no, I’m sorry. I’d be dead if not for your help, so thank you. What are your plans for the rest of the games? Are you going to stay here?”
“Hey, don’t knock the magic. It helps me recover quickly, from all sorts of different things.” He raised an eyebrow suggestively.
Tony was content to lay there while Steve slept, and he grumbled when Steve started to shift around as he woke up, letting in cool air. Steve tried to pull his arm away to stretch and Tony latched onto him, holding him tight.
“I dunno Tony, that was pretty weak. Are all your retorts this bad and I never noticed because I can't catch the references?”
They all burst into raucous laughter, and Tony pulled away. For all of his embarrassment, he was immediately sad to lose the contact. He grabbed Tony around the waist and pulled him back, and to his surprise he went easily, still laughing.
In the tube beside him Steve was standing with military stiffness, his legs spread and hands behind his back. The platform started to rise, bearing them up to the surface and the waiting arena.
“Except I’m going home today, so you can just suck it up and pay a couple hundred to hire a real contractor.”
“Are you doing ok?” Steve asked loudly, trying to be heard by the cameras over the wind. Tony hoped one was nearby, otherwise the whole conversation might be lost in static.
Vague nonsense, great. Tony almost preferred it when the villains tied them up to monologue for half an hour. At least then he knew what the hell was going on. Tony's scanners picked up another heat source, approaching fast.
Tony read the note on top of the parachute. “No hard feelings, but I have to win this bet and I put your name to die next,” he read aloud.
“There you are. I was going to ask if you wanted to go for a run, but it looks like you already got your morning exercise in.”
“Let's see you fight crime with no house and no equipment,” he sniffed. Steve put an arm around his shoulders and pulled him close.
The peacekeeper spun his heel and ran out of the room. Tony looked around to make sure no one was paying attention to him, then pushed Steve into a small storage room.
Tony walked down the aisle to Steve for the second time that day, and when he reached the end he put another two shots in his guardian’s head, the smell of gunpowder filling the air.
He had never had it for as long as they had been together, having gotten it removed shortly before he and Pepper broke up. Once he had started sleeping with Steve, he had kept his shirt on for the first six months of their relationship. When he finally let Steve see, he understood why Tony tried to hide it. Shrapnel scars dotted his torso from hip to the base of this throat, then his chest was a mess of gnarled snaking lines. He had had his first surgery in a cave, and it hadn’t been pretty. Then a second one three months later at a air force base, to clear out infections, reset and sterilize the metal casing, and to saw off part of a rib bone that was rubbing against the reactor. His final surgery had been to remove it completely, extremis helping to fill in the missing muscle and bone. It let Tony breathe normally and bend and stretch without hurting himself. He remembered Tony always tapping and pressing a hand to the glowing circle on his chest when he first met him, and hadn’t considered how much it would have hurt, all of the time, until he was staring at the delicate mess of scars and missing tissue that was Tony’s chest and hearing him explain how much
Steve ignored him. Why would he care? He thought the whole games were a joke. Tony rubbed at his eye. Everything felt slightly out of focus. “Where are we?”
After the movie was over they all got up and left except for Tony, who went and squeezed into the love seat. He liked being around Steve. His friend felt solid, felt safe. Tony was always happier when he was around him, and it was no trial to sit close and rest his head on Steve’s shoulder.
Tony had been released from the hospital the next day, and no one had known what to do after that. The government was in shambles, the corruption affecting all the top officials  and dripping its way down to infect the lower ranks. It was impossible to figure out who was corrupt at a quick glance, and it looked like the trials and investigations were going to drag on for months. That left a huge gap that needed to be filled with new leaders, and after much debate the rebellion decided to put it to a vote, letting each of the districts have a voice.
“I never wanted to be a symbol, I wanted to do the right thing! I wanted to help my friends and protect my country, I didn’t sign up for the future and aliens and all this, I don’t want it!”
Bruce nodded. That answered one question. It was possible for the video to be real. The next was finding out if it could have been faked. He didn’t see any motivation for someone in the Capital to make a video like that. It wasn’t funny, and they could be arrested for posting anti Capital propaganda because all uploaded content here was scanned by bots for dangerous messages. The father away connections had less security, and if the Capital wasn’t willing to admit that the districts were connecting at all, they probably had no filters on what they could upload.
Tony felt his breath catch in his throat. Steve had been the first cannon, the one that woke him up. The whole time he had been searching, begging, clawing at the snow, Steve had already been dead.
She slammed the door shut. Steve made his way down the hallway and hesitated in front of the door. He raised his hand to knock, then lowered it. Maybe Natasha was right, and he should leave Tony alone until the morning. He was probably fine. Probably. Steve shivered. What if he wasn’t fine? Maybe he could listen at the door, and if he heard Tony breathing then that would mean he was okay and Steve could go back to sleep. He put his ear to the door and listened. He couldn’t hear anything. He had amazing hearing, and he couldn’t hear anything, was something wrong? Something was wrong. He tried the doorknob, and it was locked. Not a problem for him. He forced it easily, still riding high on the adrenaline from the nightmare, and stepped into the room.
And it was; around them the birds started to melt into nothingness, the sound waves tearing their ghost like forms apart. Tony's machine started smoking. Tony cursed, opened up the top and started rewiring it, muttering to himself about power rerouting and shorts.
They hung out on top of the cornucopia chatting for the rest of the day, Steve passing out the rest of the jerky they had in the backpack, and Thor sharing some berries he had found. The sky dimmed into night, and no one else showed up in the clearing. Loud music belted out from above, and two cannon blasts rang out while Raza’s and Ivan’s pictures flashed across the top of the dome. Hammer appeared on the screen. “There are now six tributes remaining in the Hunger Games. There can only be one winner, and no one will be leaving the arena until everyone else is dead. May the odds be ever in your favor.”
“So things with Tony could have been worse,” she said as they sat down beside her. Steve glared at her.
He brought up a hand to cup the side of Steve’s face and his eyes fluttered shut. He pulled Steve in to press a kiss to his cheek. He kissed the other side, then his forehead, then his mouth. Steve let out a small gasp of surprise and Tony took the opening to deepen the kiss. Steve let out a low groan and tilted his head to get a better angle, and Tony tangled his fingers in his hair, trying to take everything Steve was willing to give him.  They broke apart to breathe, both gasping. Above them there were the soft beeps of a parachute.
“Yes that's right officer, disappeared from right beneath our very noses, here one minute, gone the next, please don't go look out back in the woodshed, I’ve never seen that bloody axe before in my life, no sirree.”
He had never experienced this constant dull pain, that ebbed and flowed and lurked like a monster in the back of his mind. Every time someone touched his foot it lit up with sharp sparks, and he didn’t know how to handle it, didn’t know how anyone handled it. His face still hurt from where he had been hit too. How long were things supposed to take to heal? Days? Weeks? Months? Tony genuinely didn’t know.
“I don’t want you to be perfect, and I’m not asking you to stop fighting. I tried to retire for Pepper, and it was like cutting out all the most selfless and noble parts of myself. We’re fighters Steve, down to our bones.”
Everyone looked at Steve, who as team leader made the final decision. He looked like he was eating lemons but spit out an affirmative. Tony leaned forward on the table to see Brian better and said, “I can't believe someone stole the Crown Jewels and it didn't even make the papers.”
Outside there was a loud bang and yelling. The President frowned and walked over to pull aside the drapes and look out the window. His grip tightened into a fist.
“The districts and the Capitol.” Steve handed him a cup of coffee and sat down in the chair next to him. “The people of the Capitol think you’re one of them, and the people of the districts think you’re one of us. And after the Games there’s not a person in Pandora who doesn’t know who you are, so you’ve got the name recognition. You could win.”
Funny how in all of the scenarios he had pictured at the very start of this, of all the ways their first meeting after the fight in Siberia could have gone, he had never pictured any where he reached out to Tony. It was all Tony forgiving him, or Tony hating him, completely out of Steve’s control.
The guard glared at him through narrowed eyes. “I know the bloke who fixes these things, a chatty skinny fellow. Neither of you have permission to be up here.”
“Please,” Steve begged. “I will do anything. After Loki is overthrown I will give you lands and riches beyond your wildest dreams. You will be a lord among men.”
“I’m sorry I touched your mini versions, the rule is no touching, I get the picture, now let me go!” Tony struggled against the talons as the bird flew high into the sky.
Tony looked up from his tablet and Steve’s brain shorted out. There was Tony, right there. His Tony, after all these months, looking like he had just stepped out for a minute to buy more milk, and now he was back and they could pick back up exactly where they left off.
“Thank the lord.” Steve said, rolling his eyes towards the ceiling because he knew it would annoy him. And it did.
Tony would just have to make up for Steve. He leaned forward and rested his hands on Steve's shoulders and leaned in so their foreheads were touching. Steve stiffened up but didn’t push him away.
Steve brought his team to the tower and ordered them to distract the monsters without killing them. He used the distraction to sneak inside the building and check out the monster. The tentacles were grotesque as he reached out to grab him. Steve cut it off with his shield. After running out of ammo hundreds of times, Steve had switched to a weapon he never needed to reload, and had become familiar enough with it to throw it and have it return to his hand.
Whatever happened next, whoever drew the arrow with a tip, Tony was not going to be the one to survive. It was a relief in a way. He wouldn’t have to worry about uncovering years of betrayal, or fighting against a vast and uncaring system to try to end the games. He could follow Steve into the woods where it was quiet and dark, the snow falling until all his sins were wiped away under a smooth white blanket, and underneath it he could drift off to sleep, and dream of a world where they all made it safely home.
Christine clapped her hands together. “And that’s all the time we have! Thank you Mr. Rogers, and may the odds be ever in your favor! And to our viewers at home, thank you for tuning in, and have a wonderful night!”
Cap got back on the comms, this time light and joking, so he must have been updated by Jarvis that the birds weren’t a threat to anything except nearby buildings.
He played out a scenario in his head. Tony would approach him, with Sam and Natasha standing behind Steve. Tony would offer his hand, Steve would ignore it, and he would slowly let his hand fall, hurt. Steve desperately wanted to be bitter, to hide his personal pain behind a shield of stoicism. He wanted to say something deep, something cutting, something that would leave Tony raw and hurting like only the words of someone who knew you better than you knew yourself could do.
Tony rubbed at his eyes, feeling himself slowly settle back into his own skin. That had been weird, Steve might not be the only one with a fever.
Steve watched him from the other side of the table, head resting on his hand and eyeing the food sadly.
Steve brushed it off. “I didn’t do much, and you’d do the same for me. Now that you’re feeling better we should get moving again. We need to find the others, and we also need to find water.”
Steve stepped forward and Tony put a hand on his chest. “Not the Rogues. You’re not cleared to help with anything short of Thanos himself.”
Iron Man saluted the empty air then flew out of the tower, his foot clipping the ledge as he tried to correct for his damaged hand repulsor, before shooting off to save New York once again.
“Like what exactly? There's no other way to get the money in time. The banks gonna repo the ranch. And even if we do get the money, we're still too short staffed to take care of this place.”
Tony opened Steve’s gift last. It was a large thin package, and as he tore the paper away a painting was revealed. Tony stood in the center, with his family around him. To his left his mom stood next to Jarvis, who had his arm around Anna. Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy all stood together smiling. DUM-E and U shared a spot in the corner, arms raised. On the other side, the Avengers stood tall and proud. Natasha and Clint leaned on each other comfortably. Bruce stood in front of the Hulk. Thor was accompanied by Jane, the only one in his uniform instead of civilian clothes. Steve had given himself the place of honor next to Tony, and their painted figures were holding hands.
Steve didn't expect Tony to say yes, considering that he had started the conversation off with how busy he was. Tony turned the box over a few times in his hands, and looked up. “Actually, Yeah! Give me a half hour to finish up and I'll meet you in the living room?”
“I mean that a million followers is nothing to sneeze at. The official Stark Industries Instagram has about a hundred followers,and almost all of them employees. Right now you’re the face of the brand, and when you post it reminds people of us, and humanizes us. It’s the latest in social media marketing, except instead of hiring a group of influencers, you're the influencer.”
And Steve would mumble “Yes, yes, yes,” into the downy soft fluff of Tony’s hair, and he would feel all on the broken parts inside him settle back into place like nothing had ever been broken.
“And if they all refuse? Then what? They starve to death, one by one, until the Capital has their champion?”
Steve brought him to the equivalent of a mall made up entirely of restaurants. Perfect smells wafted in from every direction. Tony looked around with his mouth open.
Tony struggled to identify the inner mechanisms in the dark. He pulled out the wires he was looking for and touched them together. The lights on the front of the cart started to glow dimly, and they rumbled forward with a slight jerk. The cart rolled away from the buildings and Tony heaved a sigh of relief as the cart entered the cover and safety of the woods. He turned to Steve.
Tony didn’t know how long it lasted for, being forced under while he struggled, and held in the dark wetness until his struggles weakened and he was pulled back up to cough out what felt like gallons of sludge, then forced under yet again. Each time Tony had less force to his desperate punches and kicks, and each time it was harder to cough up the water, his lungs protesting with every breath. As his head slammed into a rock on the riverbed a thought came to him with perfect clarity; if he didn’t agree then he was going to die.
They spent the evening that way, Tony lightly dozing and Steve keeping a careful watch. After sunset it grew colder, the heat from the day leaching into the air and dissipating. Tony felt himself shiver and Steve carefully set his head down on the ground so he could get up. Tony was immediately awake, shooting out his hand to grab Steve’s ankle. Steve patted his hand to calm him. “I’m going to try to help warm you up, alright?”
While he worked, he let the games from the previous year play in the background. He paid close attention to the girl from 10 who had been missing from the interviews. She got the worst score in the skill test, and didn’t show up for the final interview. She died the first night in the arena and her death wasn’t shown. The cause was listed as hypothermia, and her name was quickly lost of the long list of casualties for the first day. He wondered if maybe she had been deathly ill from the start, before she even stepped foot in the arena, and that’s why she had volunteered for the games. If she knew she didn’t have much longer to live it would make sense to volunteer and save someone else from dying. That's probably what happened.
“Well, I guess we better go see!” Steve picked him up. It was easier than he expected. He was a big guy, strong from work on the ranch, and Tony was much smaller than the bales of hay he hauled around almost everyday. Tony yelled as he was lifted, and clutched at Steve's shirt. Oh right. This was probably really weird, huh? Too late now, Steve was running with it.
“Spring!” Tony yelled with glee. “Now slap about ten extra exclamation points on that bad boy, SHIELD needs to know you’re serious. Next question!”
That was probably the best he was going to get, so Steve moved on. “So. What’s your favorite color?”
Tony confirmed and ignored Steve to continue swiping away the birds. This wasn’t really engaging the enemy, right? He wasn't fighting, he was waving his arms around. No way Steve could blame him for that.
“Should we intervene?” Steve asked, watching Natasha put Clint in a head lock. Tony took a sip of his coffee.
All of the trees were covered in a thin layer of ash, and it muffled the sounds of them knocking. Tony ended up being the first to find a tree that sounded wrong, and he felt around the trunk until his fingers found the barrel of a flame thrower, flush with the bark. He probed around more until he found the tiny latch, and it swung open. Inside of the tree was the barrel and body of the flamethrower, and a thick cord of multicolored wires leading up to the top where there were cameras. The wires and the gas line disappeared into thin holes bored into a sheet of plastic, which was attached with screws to the sides of the tree. Natasha was able to use her knife to undo the screws, and she and Clint were able to pull out the sheet of plastic flooring, with the flamethrower still attached. Tony unscrewed the gas line from the barrel and knotted it shut, and Bruce and Clint worked to roll it away and bury it under ash and crumbling branches. As they rolled it off Tony saw the President's official seal stamped into the bottom, meaning that Obie had personally approved the shipment.
I stopped making bombs, quit the company, sold all of my fancy cars, and modern art and aged whiskey and everything else of value, and gave all the money to charity. Of course, Obie wasn’t happy with my 'new direction'. I’m twenty one, he was supposed to start transferring control of the company and the pack to me this year. Now I was running around like a hippie, refusing to let a weapon’s company make weapons? He couldn’t have that. So he pawned me off to you, and I had no real reason to say no. The whole pack depends on the company to make a living, threatening to shut down weapons production drove my few friends away. If I tried the board would lock me out. But I refused to help design anymore, so this was a good way to remove me from the inheritance while also building relationships with other packs. Looks much better on paper than “The second Tony stopped being useful we decided to kick him out.”
“You’re coming back from the hallway where the accords half of the team is staying at six in the morning in your sleep clothes. I’ll tell you right now, it might feel good in the short term but sex with an ex is never a good idea.”
“Because last night after you tagged me, my account went from 6 followers to almost 50,000, and it’s growing every time I look. People have been asking to commision my paintings.”
He noticed the team was acting oddly but he didn’t know why and he didn’t know how to fix it. They all got up, and Tony noticed that Brian had taken the crown with him. That was probably for the best, Tony didn’t want any magic in his tower. He joined the others in walking back to the jet. The Avengers flew home, unhappy.
He still didn’t respond. His head felt heavy and blank. He felt like there was a thin layer of cloth between him and the rest of the world, and anything he said or did wouldn’t actually translate over. Jan pet his hair a few more times, and got up.
Thanks for reading! Everything I know about the crown jewels came from Wikipedia, so if I got stuff wrong I'm sorry. Hopefully you are are here Steve/Tony drama and not crown jewel facts.
Whatever it was, all references to it had been scrubbed from the hyper-sanitized search system the Capital citizens were allowed to use.
Clint laughed, and Sam hid a smile behind his hand. Steve loudly gathered the plates and put them in the dishwasher to hide his quiet chuckles. Natasha kept her poker face except for the crinkles in the corner of her eyes, a tell she refused to admit. Meanwhile Tony explained in loudly and in detail that no, it wasn’t a kitten, it was a modern Art Deco of a cat, a historically and culturally significant animal, and besides, it was the largest mug in the house, and they were all just jealous.
They made it to the cabin and Tony shut the door firmly behind them. He whistled as he opened up a cabinet over the sink and handed Steve a can of beans. A second cabinet produced canned peaches. Tony’s actions held the smoothness of having been done a hundred times, his hands finding the cans without looking. They ate on the coach, sitting so close their legs touched. Tony was still wearing the chestplate of the armor. Once they were done, Steve stood. “We should keep moving.”
He pulled his shirt up and started trying to unwrap the bandages. Tony came over and batted his hand away, kneeling in front of him and carefully undoing the bandage himself. He went to the bathroom and came back with a wet washcloth, and used it to unstick all the cotton pads that were matted to Steve’s chest with blood. Tony touched around some of the smaller ones, frowning.
Bucky laughed. “Your joking!” When no one else joined in, he noticed Tony’s glare and the red spreading across Steve’s cheeks.
“That’s not the only reason,” Steve said, the words coming out more heartfelt than either of them were ready for.
Tony breathed heavily and pulled his hands away. There was a flash in the bottom of his eye and Steve watched as Tony clutched his family ring, the one that they thought was lost. Tony stared at it, then shuddered and closed his eyes.
She let out a tittering laugh, unrepentant. “I guess I’m caught. What can I say? He worries. That’s quite the scratch you have there, sweetie. A certain someone give you a smack?”
And something about the look in his eyes and the whole messed up situation made Tony break down and laugh. He laughed and laughed and Steve pulled him against him and he was laughing too. He had felt everything under the sun for Tony, from hatred, to confusion, to something that he was honest enough to admit was probably lust, then frustration and hope and a hundred, no a thousand other things.
Steve frowned. Tony needed to shift. Now off the drugs, he was giving off all the signs, his nails and teeth unconsciously sharpening when he was upset, being more restless, more impatient.
Then that left Tony, the epitome of a city wolf. Who took ten minutes to make a painful shift. Who first responded to Steve’s wolf challenge with shock and terror. Then, a decent amount of skill, giving it back as almost as good as he got. Who got rid of the drugs that would reduce the need to shift.
“Does it matter? Seriously, help me with this.” Tony pulled out his phone and started composing an email. “Dear SHIELD,” he started, but was laughing too hard to continue, so Steve grabbed the phone and started typing.
He looked around and saw the rest of the tributes forming a large circle around a metal cornucopia in the center. It was overflowing with supplies, and some tributes were already eyeing it eagerly. Above them a timer was projected on the ceiling of the dome, counting down. It was at 30 seconds.
The other tribute punched him in the back of the head and Tony screamed, thrashing in the sand and getting nowhere. The other tribute got up and dragged him back to the water, forcing his head under as Tony tried to push him off. The cold was a shock, and Tony clamped his eyes and mouth shut, holding his breath. After a few seconds the boy dragged him back up, and the second Tony breathed in, he forced him under again, and Tony’s mouth filled with water. He gasped and choked and struggled, screaming his distress, the sound muffled by the swirling water and mud. The tribute pulled him back up, holding onto him with an iron grip in his hair and around his throat.
Tony squinted at him. “Yeah. Captain America would never be mean, heaven forbid. Look, if this is some weird team captain thing, you really don't have to.”
“I've been here less than a day, give me a break. I'm sorry I unpacked instead of reading your mind about dinner, then teaching myself to cook and making you a steak. Alright? You happy now?”
Tony’s day started with meetings running from 8 to 2, with a short break in the middle so he could eat a soggy sandwich that was mostly bread and lettuce topped with an obnoxiously strong mustard that Tony bet was supposed to be artisan. He couldn’t wait to visit Steve and get some real food.
The voice from the ceiling sounded resigned. “I'm afraid there is no holiday. Sir up to his usual antics.”
Tony stumbled, and played it off like he had tripped on a root in the dark. “Is it really so bad, what he has done?” Tony asked cautiously. “Are you not the king’s most merciful and righteous man?”
“No, seriously Clint, he just disappeared.” Steve said with a frown, gesturing to the empty seats at the table. Clint nodded.
He walked across the stage, and instead of sitting in the interview chair like a good little contestant he charged up to Tony and started jabbing him in the chest with a finger.
“The meat from the store is as bloodless as you. And Alpha? You're not the alpha at all. You're just acting until a real Stark takes over.” Steve snarled, letting out enough wolf that his teeth turned to fangs.
“Ready.” Steve said, picking up his shield. They boarded a specific transport ship at Tony’s direction, and sat together in the back. The ship rumbled and shook as they flew, and Steve braced himself in the flying harness. The second the bottom of the ship opened up, Tony hit both of their dislodge buttons, sending them streaking towards the ground, rope whipping above their heads as it slowed their fall. Tony cut his rope, and had taken down two Chitauri before Steve landed on the beach and removed his harness. He held up his shield to block a hit, and a second later the monster was blasted back by a pulse of energy from one of Tony’s gauntlets. Tony stepped towards him, yelling to be heard over the noise of the battle.
Steve nodded. “You and I will break in to the castle on the eve of the battle. With luck we will return before dawn and fight with the rest of the resistance. If we do not make it back, assume that we have failed in our mission, and Jan will be in charge.”
“Where did you get the gun?” Steve asked, while hitting the unlock button repeatedly to figure out which car was Stane’s.
Steve frowned, concerned. “You’re not trapped here, you can take the truck and visit home. And we go into town every other day to drop off the milk and eggs at the grocery store and a few other houses, you can come with us tomorrow.” He probably should have clarified that earlier. He didn’t want Tony to feel trapped, even if he had just broken Dottie’s soft marshmallow heart.
Steve’s hands were gentle and cool as he undid the bandages, and the relief from the tight pressure felt good. Tony sighed and let his head tip back to rest against the wall. After taking a look Steve rewrapped it again, much looser, more to keep Tony from accidentally jostling it than to try to force it to support the weight.
“Clint fucked up the math and lied to us how much the bank needed.” he growled, his fist clenched, his face red.
Of course, declarations of love didn’t stop him from dumping Tony in the pond a week later when he found out he’d eaten the rest of the ring pops. Steve got more from the store and hid them in the top of his closet where he knew he couldn’t reach. Clint ended up in the pond too the second time for helping him get them down. While they were both yelling at him from the water, his sharp nose caught another wolf’s scent.
Above them fake applause played and Tony dug his fingers into the arms of his chair. Winner? All he had done was lose, from the second he was appointed Game Master. Lost his job, lost his faith in Stane and in the system, lost his Capital citizen status, lost his freedom, lost Yinsen, lost the arrow draw, lost the Avengers, lost Steve. He tried to think of anything he had left, as the lights glared down blindingly and Hammer talking and laughing, existing in a world completely separate from Tony, one where pain was something that happened to other people and the worst thing he ever lost was a bet.
After Tony had fought Stane, Steve had charged in moments later along with the rest of the Avengers and they had rushed him to the med center and demanded the best doctors in the city fix him. Tony had woken up the next day with Steve holding his hand in a death grip and the rest of the Avengers sitting in uncomfortable chairs half asleep.
“That’s my boy. I’m doing this because I love you. And to avoid any more trouble, I’m assigning you a peacekeeper.”
Rhodey, Happy and Pepper were holding a sign wishing him a ‘Happy Birthday’, while Clint and Natasha brought out plates of pasta and trays of cupcakes. Thor and Jane were stacking presents on the kitchen table. Steve grabbed him from behind and started pressing kiss to his face.
Tony pressed a hand over his eye. He knew Steve was lying, he was trying to convince Natasha, but each word cut deep, because most of it wasn’t too far from the truth, was it? Their relationship was founded on lying and manipulation. Steve had hated him the first time they met, and the longer they had spent together the better they had started to understand each other. What could grow between them if they were given a year? Two? Ten? Instead they got three days, three short days locked up in an arena where pain and death hid around every corner, and their number one priority had to be survival over honesty.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, too overwhelmed to think of a clever answer. He squirmed feebly, trying to loosen the other boy’s grip. The other tribute leaned forward, his weight pushing Tony deeper into the sand and mud. “It was an interesting thing Hammer said tonight. He said someone was tampering with the stuff the Capital has hidden away in here…. I’m thinking that there’s not a lot of people who could do that. I’m thinking that it was you.”
“I want the golden goose to keep laying eggs. There’s been rumblings of discontent in the district, the Capital needs new armaments more than ever.”
Tony's laugh sounded crinkly over the recording. “Hi, you’ve reached Tony Stark, leave a message if you want Captain America to think you’re a quitter!”
“This is as nice as I’m going to get if you don’t hurry up and get your shit inside.” Steve said from behind him, now dressed in stained jeans and work boots.Tony jumped.
Hammer laughed and more laughter played from the speakers, the sound grating on Tony. It wasn’t funny, that he had been stumbling around cold and hurt, not knowing if Steve was dead or alive. It wasn’t supposed to be a joke.
“You and the fixing! Snotty rich brat wants to come slum it with the commoners, meet up with his rich friends and gossip about them behind their backs. You’re going to swoop in a fix everything because you’re so much smarter and better than the rest of us, and our problems are so easy to solve if we weren't dumb as a sack of bricks. Then after you’ve ‘fixed’ me, ‘fixed’ my family, ‘fixed’ my way of life, you'll trot off back to your ivory castle patting yourself on the back.”
“You know enough to try, and that is all I ask. Remember what you have seen me do in the past few weeks, and do not waste your skills. Any of your skills.”
Tony shifted, his silhouette just barely illuminated by the starlight coming in from the partially open drapes. In the back of his mind Steve registered the house creaking and the slightest shift of fabric against skin as Tony shrugged. “I dunno. Early?”
They left the shop in disappointment, Steve’s arm still wrapped around Tony protectively. It made him upset to see him so quiet and glum. Tony was brash and loud and aggressively cheerful, and Steve was the one who was....not any of that. The role reversal left him feeling off balance. Steve wished they could go back to the morning, when they had the check and it seemed like everything was going to work out perfectly.
Cap stood up and let go of the wrists of his attacker, unwilling to risk the other man’s life. Tony scowled. Talking it out wasn’t working. The blond man with the ball smiled smugly, a look that quickly turned to horror as Tony landed and reached a metal covered hand out from the fog of birds to knock away the gun he was holding.
He pulled his arm away. And looked back at Tony. He was grinning, obviously having heard the whole exchange.
The next morning Tony was there when his alarm went off. He shut it off, and the other man didn’t even stir. He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair in a gentle pet, marveling at how soft it was. He realized he was still in his normal clothes, and felt bad. “You could have left for pajamas.”
“Let me bring the truck around first,” offered Clint. He went back outside, and Tony went back down to the basement where the radiator was. Steve followed him down, and watched as he packed up his tools. From the looks of things, he had brought everything from a socket wrench to twenty sizes of screwdrivers with him. He dumped it all into his suitcase, which was filled to the brim with tools. He vaguely wondered how he had even managed to haul it out of the truck and down here, it must have weighed a hundred pounds at least. He also wondered how much of the many suitcases he brought were clothes, and how many were filled with the equivalent of a small garage.
“It’s our best option, but no straws. Tony should be the one to live.” They all turned to look at Steve, who continued calmly, like he hadn’t suggested his death and the death of all his friends. “Think about it, he’s the only one who has any sort of sway back at the Capital. If anyone could shut the games down permanently it would be him. Isn’t that the best case scenario? It’s too late for us, but maybe no one else will have to go through this.”
Tony raised his pick with weary arms and brought it down on the rock hard granite. A chunk broke off, and Tony held a hand to his chest as he carefully bent over to examine it. There were flecks of iron inside, so he tossed it into the cart. He stood up slowly, bracing himself on the wall.
