“Fine, just give me a moment,” Cas manages to say. His eyes are closed and he’s trying desperately to regain his breathing.
A laugh on the other end of the line, this one sounding much more Dean, “Well, prepare to get your ass kicked.”
“I’d offer you something, but I’m afraid the kitchen is rather bare,” Cas says politely, smiling at the boy in an attempt to make him feel more comfortable.
“What? No, of course I don’t- Aw, hell, Cas, is that what you thought?” Dean asks, looking saddened. He relaxes and steps closer to Cas, “Look, I know I’ve been acting weird, okay? I’m sorry. I really like you, I do. It’s just- I’ve never really done this? Like,
Cas just nods. The H.V.F. patch glares between them, and Dean hastens to the closet to put away the coat. Cas suddenly wishes he was wearing his own coat, the reliable trench.
He repeats the process in his parents’ bedroom. When he’s done, he snaps a picture of both rooms on his phone and texts them to Charlie, wanting her to know how far she’d helped him come. In both rooms, he leaves the curtains wide open, and purposely refrains from shutting either door.
“Sometimes… I wish we could just… Get away for a while. The two of us,” Cas says, a little embarrassed at the confession.
This chapter put me over 50,000 words for this story and wow. I'm just floored. Never in my life did I think I was capable of writing something this long, and I have all of you to thank for it! You're all so encouraging and kind to me and I never cease to appreciate every one of you <3
Dean chuckles softly and shakes his head, finally putting the car in drive and heading out of the parking lot and down the darkened street.
“Bit late for that, don’t you think?” he replies, gesturing to his soaked clothes. Cas smiles and shrugs in a “just thought I’d ask” motion.
“Cas? What the fuck are you doing here?” Dean whispers, letting Cas go. He looks around, but there’s no one in the immediate vicinity who can overhear them or see them.
“I guess I just wanted to say… thanks?” Dean says with an awkwardness that Cas knows only appears when Dean’s trying to be nice to him.
Cas turns back to his gravestone, giving it one last look before moving closer to those of his family. He kneels in front of them, hit with a sudden wave of sadness, and sighs deeply. He hears Balthazar start to say something, maybe offer some form of comfort, but he is cut off by a sudden yell coming from the edge of the graveyard.
Charlie sniffs a little and nods, determination replacing the sadness in her eyes. “What’s the plan?”
Cas finds himself slammed back against the tree, an arm a solid bar across his throat. It’s a bit difficult to make out Dean’s features in the darkness, but Cas can see them visibly soften a little when Dean realizes who exactly he has pinned.
Cas thinks sardonically – but the realization that he’d be staying in a strange place overnight. With Dean. Alone.
“As in Oscar Wilde Dorian? Nice,” Charlie says approvingly. Dean jaw drops incrementally as he looks from Charlie to Cas, before the shocked expression peters away to an unimpressed frown.
He picks it up for the umpteenth time, when suddenly it starts buzzing repeatedly; a phone call, not a text.
“It’s my medication. I-I didn’t take it this morning,” Cas answers feebly, his search proving difficult with his hands beginning to shake as badly as they are.
ALSO! It's worth noting... Dean and Cas may be together now, but I am nowhere near done with my plans for this story. So stay tuned because I have more in store for our boys ;D
Even from a distance, it’s obvious which is Cas’, the dirt overturned and ripped caution tape flapping in the breeze. Cas slowly walks up to it and peers into the six-foot deep hole where his coffin lies open. He can see the desperate scratch marks on the lid from when he was trying to get out. His time spent in a rabid state is mostly a foggy haze, but the events of the Rising are the clearest, and the most terrifying. Cas shudders and forces himself to look away, not wanting to relive his escape from the coffin’s small confines.
Dean returns the smile, looking a bit embarassed. “Awesome.” He shakes his head and chuckles a little to himself.
“Why do we never spend time in any of the other rooms?” she asks innocently. Castiel can only blink owlishly at her for a few moments before fumbling for an answer.
Castiel does what he’s told, moving to the passenger seat as his mother reorients the two younger boys so that she’s sat between them, effectively stopping their fighting (if barely). As the vehicle lurches into motion once more, the underlying tension isn’t helping Cas’ already frayed nerves, distracting him to the point that he forgets something that’s been ingrained in him since early childhood: fastening his seat belt.
Cas’ cellphone may as well be an extra limb for how often he checks it. It’s been over two weeks since their spontaneous trip went awry, and still no word from Dean. Cas has lost track of how many times he’s hit compose and typed up something feeble, completely unable to encompass everything he wants to say.
“Hello my favourite patient!” Charlie says in her typical bright and buoyant fashion. Cas just grumbles in response as she walks past him into the house.
“Gordon, Azazel, go bury the body, you know the drill,” John commands two of the other men before addressing his son, “Dean, do a quick perimeter check. Make sure it was alone.”
It’s a curse! And anyone who thinks any different is just… completely ignorant!” Cas yells, his mouth producing words faster than his brain can think them through.
An awkward few moments of silence ensues, neither boy knowing quite what to say to comfort the other – perhaps knowing too well that no words exist to accomplish the task.
And I'm gonna give user measri a little shoutout for reminding me in her lovely review that I should crank up the ansgty guilty part of Cas a bit, and it actually helped shape a lot of the chapter, so thanks a ton for that!! :D
like being alone. It’s more situational than preferential. I mean, yes, I do enjoy my own company, but it’s different when you have no choice in the matter. Do you understand what I mean?”
“I’m holding you to that.” Charlie pauses before continuing, “Hey, you wanna get something to eat? I’m starved.”
In a timely fashion, the bus rolls to a stop about a block away from Cas’ destination and Cas gets out to walk the remaining five minutes.
So what did you think? I may have been cackling evilly to myself as I watched some of your predictions come in. It seems the cabin consensus was either John finding them or sexy times ensuing, but I figured none of you might have guessed that they'd never even GET to the cabin mwahahaha >:D
“You know, kick the bucket. Meet your maker. Cash in your chips. Shuffle off your mortal coil, and all that.”
“Hey, come on, I might not be able to come by every day anymore, but I’ll still be around! You can’t get rid of me that easy, Novak,” she’d said, and Cas had felt better, if still a little nervous about being left to his own devices.
“What? No, Sam, wait!” Dean starts to object, but Sam is already gone. Dean takes Sam’s place kneeling in front of Cas.
“At first, I was really nervous for you because I know how Dean can be. But from what you told me and some of what I’ve seen… he’s different with you. And honestly Cas? Didn’t take a genius to figure out you’re head over heels for the guy.”
“Oh, you mean Ellen, the owner? Yeah, she’s pretty great, which is a plus considering she will one day be my mother-in-law,” Charlie says dreamily. Cas is momentarily confused until it dawns on him.
P.P.S. A lot of this chapter was inspired by a song from Dodie Clark ft. Thomas Sanders called "Dear Happy", I highly suggest you give it a listen :3
it’s an abandoned warehouse, of all places – he can already hear the dull thump of the bass from the music inside.
about his outward appearance), but about his thoughts, his feelings, his heart and soul. The things that Cas so often contemplated diving headfirst into, wanting to share it all.
“So, how do you two know each other?” Castiel finds a strange pleasure in being the one that gets to tease Charlie for a change.
“While we were playing with our new toys, my mom would make this amazing breakfast with all the fixings. She was a fantastic cook. But, for some reason, every year she always made one mistake. She always said that breakfast was the hardest meal to cook because you would have so many items going at once, and they were all so time-sensitive. So, one thing would always go wrong, something small. Maybe she hadn’t flipped one of the eggs properly, or a sausage was overcooked, or a piece of toast burnt. My mom would give herself the food that went wrong, but every year, my dad would insist that she give it to him instead. No matter what it was, he would always say that he liked it better that way. He could bite into a piece of toast that was blackened to a crisp, and he’d look at my mom like it was the best thing he’d ever tasted.”
“May I ask the problem here, ma’am?” he says to the woman. The fury in her eyes is still present, but now there’s also an indescribable sadness. She switches to English in a choked voice.
He finally arrives and goes around to the back of the church where the gravestones reside. He slowly pushes open the small, creaky metal gate and enters the – thankfully empty – graveyard. Cas starts to walk along the many rows of tombstones, scanning the names and inscriptions (some simple and heartfelt, some beautiful and inspiring, and some simply trite and tacky), searching for his own name and, subsequently, his family’s names. Many of the gravestones of the people who were unlucky enough to die in the year 2009 are open, dirt and caution tape surrounding them.
“Where’s your bird?” Cas asks innocently, and those are the magic words. Dorian is yapping happily and running circles around Cas’ feet. Cas keeps up the ruse for another moment or two and produces the toy from behind his back.
At first, Cas doesn’t think that Dean has even heard him, but after a long pull from the whiskey bottle and a shuddery breath, Dean begins to speak, his words coming out slow and ever so slightly slurred.
He tilts his head back up to the sky and spreads out his arms, closing his eyes to soak in as much as he can.
Cas tells Sam the dog’s name, and they make small-talk about Dorian, but it’s clear that Sam did not come here for idle chatter.
“You do it when you’re confused about something, it’s kind of hilarious,” Dean says. Cas smiles a little, and raises his eyebrows a fraction in surprise. Now it’s Dean’s turn to be confused.
Cas picks up Dorian and heads downstairs. Just as he’s about to take his first breather after being frantic all day, the doorbell rings. Cas, surprised, lets out an embarrassing yelp that he hopes Dean hasn’t heard before opening the door.
a boy who was packing firearms meant to kill people like him. Cas has realized that he and Dean seem to have come to some sort of “I won’t murder you” truce, but there is such a thing as pushing your luck.
He shakes and trembles with the weight of them and he finds he’s unable to move. He hasn’t breathed in four minutes.
friend,” Cas jokes. Charlie laughs and Cas begins to fully realize just how much he loves that sound.
“When you turned… You were gone. Checked out. You didn’t see what I saw. It was… Cas, it was horrible.”
Cas nods. “I know what you mean.” He pauses for a moment. “Although, that doesn’t answer my question.”
Moments later, it opens and Cas exhales. Dean stands there, smiling in a way that looks oddly self-conscious. Cas can’t help but smile back.
DEAN WHY YOU GOTTA BE LIKE THAT?! Lol hope you enjoyed this chapter and any feedback is incredibly appreciated! :D
Shaking his head in fond exasperation, Cas heads downstairs in search of Dorian. What he finds makes his face almost break in two with the intensity of his smile. Dorian lies on the couch, his head on his paws, looking like he hasn’t a care in the world. He’s clean and seemingly happy, if a little worn down and too-thin. Cas looks at his dog and sees the utter contentment written on his face and the relaxed nature of his body, and Cas feels a sense of not only happiness, but pride. He did that. He gave this dog a home, a safe place. Cas wonders about the last time that Dorian had that, if there even was one. Cas goes over and sits by the dog’s side. Dorian rolls over so that his stomach is facing Cas, and Cas is happy to take the hint. He rubs Dorian’s exposed tummy as the dog’s tail wags anew. After a few minutes, the doorbell rings and the tranquillity is shattered as Dorian bolts off the couch, barking at the door.
Later that night after Charlie has taken her leave, Cas lies in his bedroom with some of Frank Sinatra’s earlier work playing softly in the background – he finds it soothing – as he stares daggers at his phone.
Cas looks at the screen for a moment, pondering, before he opens his phone and goes to his contacts. He adds “Dean Winchester” as one of them and then opens the text from the not-so-unknown number.
Cas tries to say something else, but his throat seems too thick for words. So, he’s incredibly grateful when Dean gleans his unease from the single syllable.
“’Sounds excellent’? Jeez spice it up a little! It’s hard to emote over text, you know,” she says and then, to Cas’ horror, starts to type. He grabs the phone back from her, but he’s too late.
“Cas?” Dean calls, a few paces ahead. Cas knows he must look insane, but he’s too elated to care, particularly as more snowflakes follow the first one in a steady sprinkling of sparkling white. He looks up to the sky, feeling the pinprick shock of each flake hitting his face. He can’t help it; he begins to laugh.
Cas may have been elated to finally feel the cold, but he ultimately finds that here—curled up in his bed beside a softly snoring Dean—he much prefers the warmth.
“Well, alright, just don’t go puttin’ the moves on me. I have a Taser and I’m not afraid to use it!” she says, giving Castiel a wink. She may have said it in a joking manner, but Castiel can tell that she’s not lying. He chuckles softly, raising his hands in surrender. Charlie smiles, nodding in approval before leading the way up the stairs.
The thing is, Cas knows Dean is right. The dead don’t get sick. So, what is wrong with him? Cas racks his brain, trying to come up with an answer, bringing forth all the knowledge he’s ever learned about PDS sufferers.
The last sentence is said in a way so reminiscent of Dean that Cas can’t help the small chuckle that bubbles to his lips. “You’re right. But I don’t know what else to do. I don’t know what makes me happy.”
At first, all Cas feels is the worry gnawing away at his stomach. But then, after one or two more songs…
“Don’t let me see your face again, you fucking corpse,” Dean spits angrily and this time Cas’ wounded noises aren’t one hundred percent fabricated. He keeps repeating the mantra in his head,
A few minutes in, his eyes start to droop and his breathing begins to slow, and soon enough he falls asleep.
It both touches and worries Cas simultaneously. Dean has never treated him like a project, like a toy that needs fixing, but still Cas worries. He just looks so hopeful, so sure that they’ll find a solution, that there’s even a solution to find. Cas can’t help but wonder how Dean will react if this all proves to be for naught.
He goes back to his bed and spends the next two hours watching “Kill Your Darlings”, trying to lose himself in the film rather than worrying about what’s ahead. He’s mostly successful.
With that, Dean strides with purpose to a shelf beside the television that holds a multitude of DVDs. Picking one out, he places it in the DVD player and settles back on the opposite end of the couch. He fiddles with a few remotes and then the TV is on and words are flying through space.
His heart does ache as he flips through his brothers’ baby pictures, family birthdays and vacations, etc., but the ache is pushed to the side by the pressing feeling of nostalgia and overwhelming affection.
On their way out the door, Castiel grabs his reliable trenchcoat and his mother gives him a fond—if slightly long-suffering—look.
In an odd way, Cas feels like he doesn’t deserve to be hurt. It was he who had ended things, he’s the one who said he needed time. Cas could still see Dean’s eyes tainted by the heartbreak displayed in them. He’s reminded of what Dean had said:
“I seem to have developed claustrophobia… because of the um… you know,” Cas mumbles, unable to even bring himself to say the word.
All these questions and more are now explained so obviously, and Cas doesn’t quite know what to do with this newfound knowledge. Regaining his equilibrium, Cas opens the gate to the graveyard and tentatively walks into it.
“Yes, you should have,” Cas teases before kissing him again, a kiss Dean is more than happy to return with gusto.
“I mean, obviously I knew it was going to happen, but I thought it would take a lot more broody angsting first!” Charlie says. Cas almost nods before fully realizing what she said.
The woman appears to be in her mid-forties, her wiry hair going grey at the temples. She’s of short stature and average build, her skin a beautifully aged brown with soft bronze undertones. Her eyes have the beginnings of crow’s feet, but the lines are immediately smoothed when she widens them in shock as Cas looks up.
Castiel guides her to his bedroom and sits on the bed as Charlie gets out the vial of neurotriptyline and the device to administer it. Bizarrely, Castiel feels the need to make conversation.
Okay so I told myself I wasn't gonna post this until I finished writing Chapter 3 (I'm still only about half way through) but I know that I'm not going to have any time to write this week because of GISHWHES and I didn't want to keep you guys waiting too long. I felt bad knowing you guys could be reading it haha :P So, without further ado, here's Chapter 2! Hope you like it :)
In less than ten minutes, he’s standing at the edge of where the dense thicket spreads out, leaving empty spaces of field in its place. Castiel walks forward, re-familiarizing himself with the place, before lying down in the long grass. He puts his arms behind his head and lets his gaze settle upon the sky.
“I sincerely doubt that, but perhaps we can argue semantics later?” Castiel replies frostily, gesturing towards the unhappy rabid. Dean grunts and picks up a large stick off the ground, jabbing the rabid with it, making him start to shuffle forward. Castiel looks at the display disapprovingly, but knows that their options are limited. He starts walking with them.
Cas opens the door to his house and holds it ajar for Dorian, the dog heading in obediently. Once inside, though, Cas can see Dorian lose some of his pep when faced with the new and unfamiliar surroundings. Cas gets down on his knees and gives his friend a comforting pat.
“Then why…?” Cas asks, trailing off as he reaches over and wipes away an errant tear that hadn’t succumbed to Dean’s effort in blinking them back.
EDIT: Forgot to mention that I did this crazy huge questionnaire about Cas for fun, so if you've got some free time and want to read a list of 300+ questions I answered about my version of Cas,
Of all the terms that Cas would use to describe his second life, adventure certainly wouldn’t be his first choice. Waking nightmare perhaps, but not adventure (though he is learning to cope and adjust, with Charlie’s help).
“I swear, that boy has the subtlety of a ton of bricks,” she says disapprovingly. Cas types a reply.
Time seems to slow down as Castiel watches on helplessly, not even realizing what’s going on until the accident is already well underway. He’s an unwilling observer of cause and effect as the transport truck coming towards them hits a patch of ice, the large trailer fish-tailing into their lane until the front left side of their car collides with it in a direct impact.
He stares at Sam, mouth slightly agape. Has he really been that obvious? A more childish part of Cas wants to refute the accusation, assert that he hasn’t the faintest clue what Sam is talking about, but he knows it’s useless. Sam is a smart kid; he doesn’t deserve Cas attempting to treat him like an idiot.
Cas barrels through the doors and keeps going, the bereaved mother’s cries still echoing tortuously in his ears. He doesn’t know Spanish, but he knows enough to guess what
It’s such a mixture of unbridled exhuberance and blissed out satisfaction that Cas can’t help the laughter that bubbles from him, leaning over to steal a kiss from grinning lips.
Cas hasn’t felt this elated in weeks. However, now that the conflict with Charlie is resolved, it frees up Cas’ brain for other things. Specifically, one thing. One huge, confusing, possibly amazing, possibly suicidal, thing.
Cas can physically see the relief that washes over Dean’s face, and when the pressure is suddenly released, Cas realizes Dean had been holding him down.
At first he tries to let the dull, repetitive rhythm of his feet against pavement occupy his thoughts. Unfortunately for him, his mind is not so easily tamed and soon it is clouded by visions of deep green eyes and freckled skin and the brilliancy of a smile too-rarely seen.
“God, I heard rumours around the hospital, but I just thought it was made up. I didn’t think people would actually-
Cas is too stunned to speak for a moment. Soon, though, his tension melts and he smiles. “Yes, I suppose you’re right.”
“I’m going to dig a hole and live in it for the rest of my life, away from anyone I could possibly embarrass myself in front of,” Charlie groans, her voice muffled by the table.
Cas’ eyes widen at the sudden honest confession, but not quite in disbelief; he knows that Dean has a deep sadness he keeps locked tightly in the confines of his heart. Sometimes Cas privately wishes he could reach it, but then again, maybe it’s not his to reach.
“Anyone ever tell you that you talk like you’ve swallowed a fucking dictionary?” he asks arrogantly. Castiel smirks slightly, and then Dean continues in a serious manner, “I don’t care whether you asked for it or not. It happened. And the HVF were the only ones that could help when everything went to shit. There are people like Ellen and Jo and Charlie who just think the past should stay the past and all that kumbayah crap, but they seem to be forgetting just how bad it got. And it’s part of my job to help them remember,” Dean finishes menacingly. Castiel doesn’t quite know what to say to that, so he changes the subject somewhat.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, with his usual gruffness, but it feels… kinder somehow. More welcoming. He opens the door wider to let Cas in.
Cas spends the next hour or so performing the inevitable tossing and turning of those who are too awake to go back to sleep, but too tired to fully start their day. After emitting a frustrated sigh into his pillow loud enough to visibly startle Dorian, Cas resigns himself to getting up. He injects himself with his daily dose of neurotriptyline, momentarily relishing the short jolt of a feeling akin to pain because at least it was
Robotically, Cas pours Dorian some food – the only item in otherwise bare cupboards – and freshens his water bowl. The small canine munches and slurps happily, seemingly forgetting about his owner's odd behavior this morning. Cas is grateful for this, a prick of guilt stinging him. He had promised himself when he took Dorian in that he would only treat him with love, not flippant dismissals. The small animal is always there for Cas without fail, and Cas needs to be more appreciative of that very important fact.
, but he’s in the car now and-“ Dean spitfires, running an agitated hand through his hair. Charlie interrupts him.
Cas hears a small click and then nothing. He takes the phone away from his ear, staring at it like it had suddenly grown a head.
Dean and Cas break apart and gaze, startled, at the source of the sound. Sam stands in the doorway, and Cas can’t help but laugh at the look on his face. Sam’s mouth is stretched wide in a victorious smile, but the frozen look of surprise remains present on his features. His eyes gleam with a happiness that warms Cas to the core.
There’s silence for a moment, as Dean preoccupies himself by slowing the Impala, parking on the side of the road outside Cas’ house. Dean must sense the change in tension, as he turns in his seat to face Cas, who’s currently staring down at his lap, trying and failing not to hate himself.
No one likes to read an author's note full of excuses, so instead I'll just say that I really hope you enjoy this absolute BEAST of a chapter, clocking in at a little over 7k :D
Dean slowly releases most of his tension, but defeat is still present in the sag of his posture. He regards their joined hands and looks at Cas. “It’s not just that. I mean, I can’t even see my own goddamn boyfriend without worrying about someone breathing down our necks, you know?”
Cas knows he’ll eventually have to look into donating their things, but for now he’s proud of what he’s accomplished today, and that only adds to his good mood.
Dean loses his practiced bravado in one fell swoop, looking a little ashamed, but relieved. “Oh. Right. Well…thanks.”
“You’re scaring me, man, what the hell is wrong with you?” Dean asks, voice raising. He grabs Cas’ arms and pulls him out of the closet. Cas whimpers.
He must be on patrol, Castiel realizes as he watches, his eyes wide with fear, as Dean gets pinned to the ground, the rabid’s jaws snapping dangerously close to Dean’s throat as black drool leaks from its mouth in a gruesome display. Castiel can see Dean trying to reach for his gun, when it’s smacked out of his hand and out of his reach by the rabid.
“Happy?” Cas asks. Meg stands there looking at him with her eyes slightly widened, “What?” Cas continues, wondering why she’s staring at him like that. Meg starts to giggle.
“Yes, they were,” Cas replies. Dean tightens his hold in response and Cas continues, seemingly unable to stem the flow of memories now that the dam has been broken.
Dean looks into Cas’ eyes, considering, and Cas gazes back. Cas knows Dean has no options, no other choice, and he sees the exact moment Dean figures that out. “Goddamnit!” Dean expostulates, grabbing the keys as he gets out of the vehicle in one violent motion, kicking the front tire. Somewhere distant in the back of Cas’ mind, he acknowledges how upset Dean must be to disrespect his Baby like that. Dean fiddles with the keys and presses a button. Cas hears the lock mechanisms switch.
Cas must have lost track of the time during their playing, because suddenly he hears a very distinct car honk outside his house. He snaps ramrod straight, his eyes wide. Cas looks at Dorian, panic flaring once more.
Two men roll around on the forest floor, each trying to get the upper hand. Castiel can tell by the primal growls and the tattered, dirty clothing, that one of the men is an untreated PDS sufferer. Castiel tries to see who the rabid is fighting, but all he can glean is flashes of green camouflage, until suddenly the pair rolls again and although he only sees the face for a split second, he recognizes it instantly.
AAAAND THE ANGST FEST CONTINUESSS! Poor Cas, I always feel bad writing him in situations like that. So what did you think? How do you think Dean and Cas' impromptu trip is going to go? I'd love to hear from you, your lovely comments never fail to make my day <3
A movie that should have taken two hours to complete ended up taking three, due to the many rewinds every time they became… otherwise occupied.
Cas files out with everyone else, still not feeling the panic that he should probably be feeling. His feet carry him outside to the forest, where everyone is running in different directions. He giggles a little bit, everyone looks so
I pretty much say this every chapter now lol but thank you again to everyone that continues to support me and this story. It means so much to me, truly :D CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS BAD BOY IS ALREADY 17 CHAPTERS LONG?? And the end isn't even in sight yet people! I got so many plansssss ;) ;) ;)
Dean places a comforting hand on the back of Cas’ head. “Hey, it’s all right. We knew we weren’t exactly signing up for ‘easy.’”
“What thing?” Cas asks and, without thinking, tilts his head. Dean laughs again and gestures to him.
He can’t say that he doesn’t feel some level of disgust when he looks at himself, nor can he say there isn’t a part of him that’s worried Dean will want nothing to do with him if he saw this. However, Cas just shoves that to the back of his brain because right now he’s capable of it.
“Hey Sammy, what size shoes you want for those clown feet of yours?” Dean asks with a smirk. Sam rolls his eyes and Cas tries (and fails) to bite back a smile.
Castiel looks inside the bag. There’s nothing in there other than the clothes he was buried in. It looks like they’ve been washed and repaired for the occasion. Trying not to think too hard about all the unspeakable things he did while wearing those same clothes, he shrugs off his white hospital garbs and changes, careful not to look at the deep lacerations adorning his torso (stitched up, but never to heal).
A little while later finds Dean and Cas recovered from their emotional outpouring and bickering on the couch over what Christmas movie they should watch. Dean is trying to explain the merits of
Normally, this would be the time where Castiel would go back to his room and pass the time by counting ceiling tiles and mentally reciting poems and quotes that he’s memorized until he eventually falls asleep, but today is different. He once more follows the crowd to their new destination.
He lies back in bed and weighs the pros and cons of both options, eyes tracing random shapes using the dots on his stucco ceiling, when the doorbell rings.
“I… was kind of in a bad way that night. But you knew that already, I guess. I don’t really remember anything other than you showing up.”
Cas and Dean look at each other, immobile, eyes wide in panic. The slamming of the car door sends them into action. They both jump off the couch and Dean looks around wildly as Cas stands there unsure of what to do.
Castiel follows her gaze and his eyes fall upon a very handsome boy, about his age, sitting by the bar. The boy – Dean – gives Charlie a wave, and starts to walk over to them.
It’s not until Cas is almost at his belly-button when Dean is finally able to string his words together, all but rasping, “W-wait, hold on a sec.”
Much to Cas’ horror, Charlie turns around to face Cas and waggles her eyebrows suggestively. Cas gives her a death glare, and she goes back to playing with Dorian, Dean thankfully none the wiser of the brief silent exchange.
Cas waits for Dean to elaborate, and it’s when he doesn’t that the worry starts to creep its way in, relentless and unapologetic.
“It is in vain to say human beings ought to be satisfied with tranquillity: they must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it.”
YAY CONFLICT RESOLUTION! This chapter was such a joy to write, it pained me to make Charlie and Cas fight but now their relationship is stronger than ever! And how do you feel that Cas and Dean seem to be on the right track...? Let me know all your thoughts in the box below :D Love you guys, thanks for sticking with me <3
Cas feels Dean’s anger towards Sam, and doesn’t particularly understand it. Surely Dean doesn’t actually
Nevertheless, he manages to pass the next few hours without convincing himself not to go, so he counts that as a win.
As the Jeep gets ever closer, Dean just casts a pleading glance at Cas and Cas understands immediately what he’s asking for, and that he really has no choice but to agree with the plan he can see forming beneath Dean’s forest green eyes. Cas nods and braces himself.
After a few minutes, Cas puts his head between his knees and tries to breathe, wondering why he had just fought so hard for a life he’s not sure he wants.
He hadn’t even really known Balthazar at all, but his horrific death struck a chord deep inside of Cas, unearthing these punishing tidal waves of emotion that never seem to ebb and fade. It was just so…
Just then, Dean comes back to his seat, looking rather grumpy. “These lanes are off-kilter, man, I’m telling you.”
“But... that shit that went down with my dad last night? I didn’t know that was gonna happen. I thought you could just finish sticking your nose in my business-‘
Charlie considers this for a long moment. “Nah. Castean sails!” she cries. Cas and Charlie burst into giggles at their own ridiculousness and Cas decides something then and there.
“Shh, it’s okay. You’re going to be okay. Let it out, I’ve got you,” Dean whispers, pouring out what should feel like empty platitudes. And from anyone else, they would have been, but tumbling from Dean’s lips, each word acts as a soothing balm to Cas’ splintered soul.
to say no. He looks into Dean’s eyes and, not trusting himself to speak quite yet, just smiles and nods his head. Dean grins broadly and Cas is filled with the desire to kiss it, so he does.
Cas braces himself for the inevitable teasing. He realizes that he really hadn’t thought this through at all…
As the DVD menu shows up, Dean gives Cas a quick run-down of everything that happened in the first movie (Cas gets confused about who’s who and which organizations are the evil ones). Cas nods along, still not entirely understanding the draw some people seem to have to these movies, but says nothing about it.
Cas sits up and brings his knees to his chest, hugging them. Dorian tentatively walks up to his side, nudging Cas’ arm with his nose. Cas pets him absentmindedly, trying to focus on the feel of Dorian’s scraggly fur rather than the tornado of thoughts running rampant in his mind.
Cas makes a move to pick up his shirt, but Dean reaching a hand out stops him in his tracks. Dean takes a step closer, eyes trained on the scars and hand outstretched.
“I hear you humming that song a lot, um, while you think I’m not listening? And then I found this at that antique store in town and I thought you might like it. But if you hate it, I can bring it back, it’s fine-“
Cas spends the next week in a pleasant cocoon of textual flirting and teenage daydreams, the likes of which he’d never experienced before. The nice thing about these daydreams, he quickly finds, is that they all seem so possible, so within reach. It’s a dizzying notion and one he catches himself smiling about often.
Sam shakes his head. “I mean it. I think he’s smiled more today alone than I’ve seen him smile in the past
A small, desperate part of Cas wants to take the words back, to say that it’s never too late, but he knows he can’t take much more of this. Dean can’t just stroll in and out of his life whenever he feels like it.
EDIT MARCH 6th: So I have graduated from being a butt to being a butt extraordinaire with the slow updates XD University is kicking my ass right now. Trust me, I'd much rather being writing this fic than the stuff I have to do for school (I'm literally writing an essay for British Lit as we speak). But alas... such is life I suppose. I'm not sure when I'll update again (BUT KNOW THAT I WILL UPDATE AGAIN!!!!!) but hopefully it'll be soon! I have a little bit of ch11 started. Oh and P.S. Passed the things I was talking about in the last edit so yay for that! :P Thanks for being so supportive ily <3
So caught up is he in his ruminations, that he almost doesn’t hear the telltale rumble of the Impala coming up the street. Cas sits up immediately from where he’d been lying on the couch, moping, and Dorian perks up his ears from his position at Cas’ side. Cas freezes for a moment, before he’s vaulting off the couch and racing to the door despite every logical bone in his body telling him not to.
“Not too shabby. Hospital has me hopping, but could be worse. What about you? What’s this big news you have? I was dying the whole way over here.”
“Would you like to come in? We can make our own getaway right here. If you want to,” Cas asks, hating himself as he says it, but hating the faraway look in Dean’s eyes more.
“Then why did you?” Cas asks, his voice coming out choked with words he can’t bring himself to say, words like
!” Dean says, letting out a colourful string of curses before suddenly grabbing Cas by the shirt and dragging him to the nearby closet. He opens the door and unceremoniously tosses Cas inside.
“I haven’t done fucking anything to him! I had to put him in the closet because Dad came home and now he won’t stop babbling!”
He continues to wait in the incredibly long line, inching forward every few minutes at each monotone call of “next”, until it’s finally his turn.
In an attempt to do just that, Cas takes them a few steps until Dean’s back is pressed up against the door. He disconnects their lips just long enough to hear Dean’s breath of surprise before the sound turns into more of a moan as Cas starts to pepper kisses across his jawline and down onto his neck. Dean tilts his head to the side giving Cas more room to work, which he gladly takes advantage of, pressing open-mouthed kisses along every available patch of tender skin along Dean’s throat. Cas takes note of which areas make Dean shudder and gasp, and ensures he pays them the extra attention they deserve by sucking marks into the skin, his mouth quirking into a smug smile at Dean’s audible reactions to his ministrations.
The pair descends into silence once more. Dean alternates between looking ahead and at his feet, while Cas’ eyes remain solely fixed on Dean. Before his brain can catch up to his limbs, Cas is already reaching out, ready to place a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder or something of that ilk, anything to possibly ease this incredible burden placed on the other boy, but Dean flinches away from the touch violently.
“Don’t let go,” Cas murmurs before the dam breaks and he can’t take it any longer. He closes the torturously infinitesimal distance between them and seals their mouths together.
Eventually, after however many blocks, Cas begins to slow and ducks into an alley between two buildings. He stumbles over to the dumpster and sinks to the ground beside it, away from prying eyes. Cas gathers up his knees and hugs them to his chest, shaken and anxious.
” Cas all but screams. He doesn’t know if it’s the tone, the use of the full name, or the rare instance of profanity that gets Dean’s attention, but the Impala is suddenly squealing to a stop on the side of the road and Dean is looking at him with concern.
“Wait. Those too.” Dean gesticulates at his own eyes, and Cas realizes with a fresh stab of fear that Dean’s talking about his contacts. He hastily looks away, mind whirring.
The conversation then peters off into trying to find something to do, and Charlie suggests throwing on
This month has been especially tough for Cas. His moods keep changing, like his heart can’t settle on one of the many emotions waging a war inside him. On the one hand, he’s in the beginning stage of a promising relationship and he’s never been so happy, but on the other hand, it’s his first Christmas without his family and their absence hurts now more than it ever had.
In a word, Cas feels distracted. The good kind of distracted, the kind that gives you a friendly nudge when you need it, that whispers in your brain ‘maybe life isn’t so bad after all’. It’s a new sensation for Cas, but one he is trying his utmost to embrace. It was terrifying at first; the gentle whispers had felt like sardonic tempters, luring him with false pretenses. Cas would want so badly to reach out and grab the happiness that seemed within his reach, but was afraid that if he dared to try, to touch, to hold, it would be ripped from him mercilessly and he would be left there, feeling more helpless and alone than ever before.
As is so often Dean’s way, a choice phrase or question opens the floodgates of his tightly repressed emotions.
They sit there in awkward silence for a minute or two. But there’s something that’s bothering Cas, something that he realizes has been bothering him for a while.
“Exactly! It’s practically a confession of love! Which makes sense considering the whole portrait is basically a romantic declaration in itself. It’s a terrible shame that Victorian society was so
“Are you sure that’s a good idea? With my… um… condition?” Castiel says, worried about people’s reaction to him and not wanting Charlie to get caught in the crosshairs.
“And Cas?” Dean says, pausing a couple of strides away, “If anyone’s going to kill you, it’s gonna be me,” he finishes with an actual
. So, if you trust me at all, you’ll trust me on this. Because… because I care about you so damn much and I really need you to understand all the reasons why. Okay?”
“You asked me to,” Cas replies simply. Dean nods and stares ahead again. Cas does the same, swinging back and forth just a little.
Cas plunks down on a stone bench perched under the shade of a large elm, his head falling into his hands in frustration. He shouldn’t
“There you are! Hi, my name’s Charlie and I’ll be your PDS community care officer,” the girl – Charlie – replies.
“Tell me you didn’t,” she says, her voice deadly serious. Cas inadvertently shrinks away from her, just a little.
Cas tilts his head back down to look at Dean, blinking the snow from his eyelashes. He’s beaming so much he fears his face may split in two. “I—I can feel it! Dean—the snow—I can feel it! It’s
Dean idly traces the scar nearest him on Cas’ side, focussing on it for a moment before looking at Cas with wary curiosity.
Dorian looks at him for a moment before putting his head down on his paws and looking away, entirely uninterested.
Cas laughs. “You are smooth! I, personally, have yet to hear a better pick up line than”—he assumes a terrible impression of Dean’s voice—“‘if anyone’s going to kill you, it’s gonna be me.’”
Dean looks tired and haggard. His hair is in disarray like he’s yanked his fingers through it too many times. The car smells of old booze.
“No, you don’t understand. They’re not— They don’t look the same. They happened when I, well. When I died.”
“Didn’t what?” Cas asks, trying for innocence. He only asks because he wants to know for sure what Charlie is referring to, lest he get himself into even more trouble with his friend than he already seems to be. Charlie huffs out an exasperated sigh and stands from the couch, pacing the living room.
For a minute that feels like an hour, all Dean can do is watch. He’s unable to slot this creature and Cas –
“So sue me,” Dean says with a smirk and Cas has the sudden inclination to kiss it, which he does without a second thought.
After that terrifying day, Cas trudged home on shaky, uncertain legs. Once he arrived, he curled up on his bed and there he remained for days, getting up only to change a record or grab a book that he would throw aside in minutes after absentmindedly reading the same page over and over.
Bobby takes the microscope that’s in the room and brings it to his desk. Cas hasn’t seen many microscopes in his life—relying only on his thin knowledge of Sam’s and his vague memories of high school biology—but Bobby’s looks significantly more complicated with more lenses and a vast multitude of dials. Bobby takes the slide and places it onto the mechanical stage, adjusting its position until the drop is settled directly on top of the aperture. He bends down and looks through the eye pieces.
He looks at himself in the hallway mirror as he’s about to leave, adjusting his unkempt hair. It predictably pops right back into place again, and Cas just sighs in defeat before practically flying out the front door to greet the driver of the Impala currently idling in his driveway.
Gabriel and Samandriel gripe on their way to the car, but when his father promises them that they’ll ring in the New Year at home with ice cream, the younger boys’ complaints come to an immediate halt, both of Castiel’s siblings apparently very content with this compromise.
“It’s nothing you did, Cas, don’t worry about it,” says the boy. Even in the dim light of the street lamps, Cas can see the dark black eye that adorns Sam’s face.
Sam snorts derisively, “Don’t flatter yourself, your life isn’t that interesting. I just came down here to grab a soda.”
,” Charlie lets slip quietly, more to herself than anyone else. Then, to Dean’s horror, she starts to stride purposefully towards the car.
“Oh, he’s at Jess’ place tonight. Her family has a big fancy party on Christmas Eve, and she invited Sam. That kid is head over heels for her.” Dean starts to laugh as he continues, “You should have seen him, Cas, he had to wear his old suit and I swear to God it was three inches above the ankle!”
And just like that, Cas is suddenly powerless to do anything but. He slowly opens his eyes, still half expecting revulsion, but only seeing smiling acceptance.
Cas’ curses his own hypocrisy—he’s the one who asked, after all—but the comment stings. He hates to think that there’s a version of himself, a more human version, that Dean’s been harbouring in his head, a version that he can’t have so he just settles for Cas, settles for how things are now. And yet, at the same time, how could Cas really blame him for that?
“My name, it’s Castiel, not Cas,” Castiel explains, unsurprised that Dean hadn’t remembered his name. Dean rolls his eyes.
Cas’ hesitantly types the word “no” and his thumb hovers over the send button. After a moment, however, he sighs and instead opts for the “backspace” button.
They spend the rest of the short drive in comfortable silence, and soon enough they’re turning onto Stullgrove Road. Cas asks Charlie if she could let him off at the corner, so as not to draw too much attention.
Not really. They were an obstacle to eliminate, just part of the job,” Dean continues, voice steely with self-hatred. “When I saw what was happening to you, all I could think was that you were
Charlie places her order while Castiel orders a glass of water that he’s not going to drink. He’s still wondering why Charlie was acting so strange, and it’s not until he notices Charlie unabashedly checking Jo out as she walks away that Castiel gets it. He smirks knowingly as Charlie turns back to look at him.
While in his untreated state, these feelings never bothered him. Guilt was non-existent. He saw nothing wrong with his actions, he was merely acting as any predator would when faced with his prey. Morality was irrelevant then.
“Any time,” Dean says. Cas can feel the hesitation in his voice as he continues on, “So… What happened?”
“Well, good morning to you too, sunshine,” she continues sarcastically with a chuckle. Cas turns around and Charlie’s smile immediately morphs into a small concerned frown as she takes in his dishevelled appearance.
“I don’t know... After with happened with Dean’s dad, shouldn’t you maybe be keeping a low profile?” she asks, and Cas thinks she’s probably right. However, the events of the day have made him feel daring.
“There it is! Go get it, boy!” Cas says, throwing the toy across the room, a delighted Dorian running after it. He chews it mercilessly, squeaks filling the space, before bringing it back to Cas proudly.
“Thinking, I know,” Dean finishes jokingly, but his eyes convey his empathy, “Let’s just… not, okay? Think, I mean. For now. Later, maybe, but not now. What do ya say?”
Castiel makes his way back to his room and flops down on his bed, breathing a sigh of relief. He picks up the packages and opens them, tossing the empty boxes aside. He toys with them, glancing at his dresser with its adjoining mirror, before getting up and slowly making his way towards it. He closes his eyes tightly as he turns to face the mirror directly. He tries to avoid the mirror whenever possible, but he can’t put on his cover-up without it. He slowly starts to open his eyes.
Adam was gone… Castiel was about to start a new life with his new Alpha, with Dean. He knew the Alpha had claimed him out of principal and would care for him and the pup, but he couldn’t help but feel a bit scared. His mind rushed to remind him that this place wasn’t like back home, Dean was his Alpha but wouldn’t expect anything from him and that pressure was off of him. Castiel had loved Adam, cared for him and they had a soft and sweet relationship, now with him gone and with Adam’s big brother’s help, Castiel would be able to focus on their pup.
“I have. I can honestly say I have never been around anyone that practiced the faith of the Old Gods. I’ve only seen these in books in the Maesters Athenaeum that King Cain has.”
Dean leaned back into the seat and licked his dry lips as he looked at his brother with a seriousness that made Sam’s eyes go wide. “The Styne pack. Because Adam passed, leaving Castiel a widower…” Dean sighed deeply. “When I got there to get Adam’s body, the Elders of that pack were getting Castiel ready for that surgery.”
“De-” He couldn’t form the words as Anna caressed his back and shoosed him as she whispered she knew. His sister knew how much he loved the Alpha and their daughter. A part of him wanted to scream and yell that he hadn’t seen this coming and that he didn't know why. But another part of him knew that was false, that he knew but he sure as hell didn’t agree with it.
Castiel moved back to let the Alpha exit, watching him leave the door slightly ajar before he turned back to look at him.
The sudden and loud sound of something hitting the side of the house had Dean up from the bed in an instant. A piercing and inhumane laugh echoed outside, clear and crisp over the continuous thundering rain that still raged outside, and Dean’s heart leaped into his throat as a coal settled into his stomach. Dean dropped the journal on the bed, and as quietly as he could stepped over towards his clothes. They were just about dry, which confused him. He must have spent hours reading the journal, but he was sure it hadn’t been all that long for his clothes to be dry already.
Dean let him look on as he decided to lay back. If he was allowed to stay here as he fully healed, he would do just that and rest. Being asleep always sped up the recovery process, and while he was very much intrigued by the beautiful Healer Castiel, there was a war still raging to the south, and Dean had to get back.
No. No, no, no, Cas wasn’t here, this was a trick. Dean placed his hands over his ears and closed his eyes tightly as he tried to stay clear minded. How could that monster even know about Cas or how he sounded?
“I never thought you would. I’m just… surprised I guess,” Dean explained. He had known that Castiel was shy and reserved about his relationship with Adam. But he hadn’t realized there was no whirlwind romance, that his baby brother had married and loved his best friend. Dean bit the inside of his cheek, and he supposed this made things easier for him with what he wanted to ask Castiel now.
“I um… huh. I’ve never been one to pray or give too much thought to the ‘after’... but I… I can feel you Adam… with me. I um, when you left us all, I never thought I’d see such a dark day… I lost you, and somehow you gave me a family. Cas and Lily… They are the brightest part of my life and I just…” Dean licked his lips nervously, struggling for the right words as he paced the length of his bedroom. “I um, I get it, why you fell for him. Cas is just… He… I never thought just being in the same room as someone, just having them give you a shy smile that just radiates this warmth… He… I never knew it could be so effortless between two people until I met him. I thought at first it was because of the bond, but now I know it’s… He calms my wolf with just a whiff of his incredible scent and I just… I just wanna grab him and not let go,” Dean admitted, letting out an amused snort at himself. “I hope… I hope to step in for Lily and hope to be Cas’ Alpha… I was always proud of you, and I hope I can make you proud in return. I um…” Dean clenched his jaw as his emotions escalated. “I love him, I feel it down to my bones, and Lily… Lily owns me.” The Alpha smiled as he spoke the words out loud. “I’m pretty sure you know all of this already… I just… I miss you and honestly, thank you for throwing them into my life… I just, I needed to promise you that if Castiel does want me as his true Alpha, I’ll cherish him,” Dean whispered in the darkness of his room, as the waxing gibbous moon shined into his window. He felt the peaceful hum of the bond fill with a somber joy and Dean smiled.
“Which way is the north, kid?” Dean growled out in a whisper. His heart had already started to race as adrenaline started to pump inside of him in anticipation of running away from this damned place.
Castiel held his breath at the sudden intimacy between them as Dean’s voice caressed him. He blamed the full moon that was coming soon for these feelings, and hoped he wasn’t as flushed as he felt with Dean so close, his tone low and affectionate. He was imagining things… right? "Of course, Dean," the Omega managed as his heart started to race, and he was sure the Alpha could surely hear it drumming against his rib cage.
“I um, I have to go to work.” Castiel whispered as the clock on the wall told him his shift started soon.
“No, but you have to promise to be nice about it,” Bela challenged and that statement made the Alpha raise a brow.
The name kept sounding in his mind. It felt personal, private and intimate, and he wondered d if it was his own. From the flashbacks and the haunting memories, it seemed as if it were.
“That’s insane!” Sam barked in disbelief. Dean nodded his agreement. “This is why you brought him back with you,” Sam answered his own question. “But, I saw you scent mark him. What aren’t you telling me?”
“Brotha, listen to me. This is not ideal, but there is only one way to save that pup and Castiel,” Benny said as the burly man sighed and wiped at his face. “Bela will kill me for suggesting this, but we both know this is wrong and the only person that can help Castiel is you.”
Castiel frowned. His collar from Adam had been a simple and honestly cheap olive green collar that had held no markings, but it had still meant the world to him. Castiel had no idea the Winchesters had some sort of fancy family crest collars…
Charlie sighed and bit her bottom lip as she looked all around the nursery. “One of the Alphas in the pack decided to challenge him,” Charlie started. Her voice was low and Castiel could smell her unease.
Sam hummed a laugh. “You know what I mean. She’s been amazing while you were gone, making sure the funeral pyre would be ready for tomorrow and pushing everything for the wedding to a later ‘unknown’ date… the claiming, the Head Omega title… she’s waited five years for this and now…”
“Balthazar, I’m going to go home early, I don’t have any other scheduled patients for today right?” Castiel asked as he spun around to face the blonde.
“No, not at all. It had been the furthest thing from my mind. He would get visions or flashbacks at times, and said he mostly felt sensations,but he would remember green eyes, and eventually the name Dean,” she informed him quietly, as Castiel stirred and whimpered on the bed. The Omega’s heat was making him shiver and moan.
“Castiel. It’s nice to finally meet you. Alpha had spoken about you before.” He smiled and hoped his unease wasn’t too apparent. After everything Pamela had told him, he desperately wanted to get along with her, she was Alpha’s love and fiancee after all.
“Castiel!” Michael turned in time to catch him as he watched in horror as Dr. Hess still pointed her gun.
Dean’s emerald green eyes seemed to suddenly swirl with flecks of gold as he looked at him intently and Castiel gasped. He knew, he knew what he had seen, but he needed Dean to say it, tell him. Adam had told him, had never shown him, he’d been unable to after decades of not letting himself, hiding it, but now… that Dire Wolf… that blond and white massive wolf…
Over the following weeks, Dean was around more and more often, they formed a reliable and comfortable routine, and Castiel couldn’t be happier. They would take turns waking up to Lily’s wails at night, and Dean never shied away from diaper changes or bath times. He would even take her on outings with him to give Castiel some alone time.
Dean licked his lips, his frustration high and he just felt exhausted. He was tired of this song and dance. He couldn’t even remember the last time they had kissed and the longing that twisted inside him only added to the hurt. He knew Castiel had always been on some kind of mission to prove himself to the Alpha dominant world and he had always admired, encouraged and even pushed him during his hardest times in med school and when he had been trying to get his foot in the door of the medical field.  Dean had never thought that once Castiel did make it and started his long fought for career, that the collateral damage would result in it being him and their precious pup being shoved to the side for his Omega’s pride and need to be a doctor. Maybe he was the one that was selfish but what the fuck was he supposed to think and feel when their five year old asked him time and time again ‘where’s mama?’ ‘why isn’t mama here?’ ‘Does mama not love me anymore’... gods that last one.. Ellie had been asking that one a lot lately and every time that question left those tiny lips it completely gutted him.
“Yup, apparently its been open for a while. Jesse called me saying it was a new hot spot. Pretty much like Ellen’s old place. Charlie is even there once in a while ‘helping’ with tech services.”
Claire intercepted her mother as she ushered her towards the waiting area just as Emma came towards them from the other side.
“Hey Cas, just in time!” Dean announced as the Omega waddled down the hall only to stop short in excitement.
After an hour of back and forth between the two professionals, Dean abruptly stood. “I have to go.” And within seconds the Alpha was out of the room.
“Yes, well to make sure our great leader doesn’t upset the delicate balance of having two Omegas, I went ahead and made sure two collar were made,” Crowley revealed, lifting the top collar to reveal a second beneath it, identical to the first.
Dean’s mind swirled with his insecurities and his self loathing lies as the creature continued to call out to him until it slammed itself against the door once more. The sound was mighty and broke Dean’s clouded despair once more. Dean growled out in frustration as he shook his head, wanting to stay clear minded as he yelled and roared “NO!!!” in reply to the creature.
“Fuck…” He could barely see anything, but it could only be one of two possible things: the gas pump or ignition point inside the distributor. He placed the flashlight in his mouth to look at the motor, trying to mind his hands so as not to burn himself, and sighed. He couldn’t see in this little light, and it wasn’t like he could fix whatever it was right this second. Dean stood and closed the hood, and leaned against the car as he rubbed his face in irritation. He couldn’t just stay here. He sighed and turned back to the car, and made sure to lock it up tight before he started to tail it back to the damn gas station. The rain was letting up, and he felt a bit of relief that it wouldn’t be such a shitty night when the sound of rustling in the nearby wooded terrain made him stop in his tracks.
“I will be claiming Castiel as one of my Omegas. He will be coming with us,” Dean informed him. The statement clearly shocked all that had heard him. Crowley’s own eyebrows disappeared into his hairline while Benny nodded in approval as the Styne Pack members looked utterly shocked.
“I love you too, so much,” Castiel whispered between them as he repeatedly kissed his lover who smiled into the array of kisses.
“Spare me the cheerful bullshit Dean! You were supposed to be my forever, you were supposed to love me like I deserved!” Tears started to slip down her cheeks as her pleading eyes looked at her ex and his son… “Why couldn’t it be you… like I hoped… “ She whispered as she whipped at her tears angrily. She had always known… their whole relationship she had known he had simply settled, that he did love her, just not as a true lover… and she had held on. Held on as tightly as she could and had decades with the Alpha she had loved her whole life.
going in the right direction. Cas was this way. He was close enough for their bond to vibrate. Even though it was faint, he felt the tendrils of his lover, a silent song caught in the winds of the sea. It lured him.
Dean downed two bottles of water and a sandwich that was debatable, but he couldn’t care about food poisoning when he was so hungry.
“He’s always good. He had his bottle” Claire said as she smiled at the little pup and placed his baby bag on the chair behind Castiel.
, which Cas resolutely refused. He was stubborn, making it clear there would be no touching or shaking or guessing, only opening on Christmas Eve. Dean had surrendered and contented himself with the anticipation.
I thought you could just hightail it the hell out of there. And then he showed up and said all that stuff to you and I... just... you...” Dean says, looking like saying what he wanted to say pained him.
I've really sorry for the lack of updates, but I've been going through some stuff the last year that's made it really hard to find the motivation to write, but it's summer now and I'm feeling a lot better so here's hoping for more chapters soon!! :D
It’s not until Dean looks pointedly at where his hands had just been, that Cas realizes with the utmost mortification what he’s referring to.
However, with midnight fast approaching, the knowledge that John will be home fairly soon hangs heavy over their heads. They reluctantly agree that it’s time to go. Dean offers to drive Cas home, which he gratefully accepts – not only for convenience sake, but because he simply doesn’t want this night to come to its inevitable end. Cas calls out his goodbye to Sam before he and Dean take their leave.
“Only to the well-trained eye, my friend,” Charlie replies, before sighing happily, “Ugh, I ship it so hard.”
“That’s a bit personal, wouldn’t you agree? Considering we’ve only known each other for oh, I don’t know, less than
Dean’s voice suddenly cuts off Cas’ mental diatribe. Dean’s brows are slightly furrowed in concern as he looks at Cas, who realizes he’d been completely lost in thought a moment ago.
Sorry I've been so crappy with updates lately, I go up and down with motivation so sometimes writing can be tough. I left university a couple months ago after realizing that it wasn't worth the misery, so I've been on the job hunt ever since which is pretty taxing. I was also working on another writing project with a friend which left me less time to work on this, but that's over now so my full literary attention is back on this story!
Cas leaves, closing the door behind him, and on his walk home ponders the oddest evening he’s ever experienced with the most confusing human being he’s ever met.
Without any further hesitation, Cas ducks his head down and bites off half of the piece, leaving Meg the rest. His lips just barely brush hers in the process, the touch lighter than a feather, and then he pulls back, grinning from ear to ear. His entire body feels like it’s buzzing. He feels so… so…
The pair keep this routine up for a little while until Dorian seems sufficiently tuckered out. Cas then lets Dorian just lie on his dog bed, nuzzling his bird.
He has a brief inner debate with himself about whether or not he should just keep going before making the decision to cautiously walk towards the sounds that are getting louder as he nears their source.
Dean puts on a look of faux shock. “Cas? Not being able to think? I guess I must really be doing something right.”
“This is a lancet. It’s just going to prick your finger. I’d say this might smart a little, but somehow I don’t think that much applies to you.”
As Cas starts the rather long walk home, he thinks somewhat sarcastically that while this evening really hadn’t been quite as relaxing as he’d originally intended, he’d at least have something interesting to tell Charlie tomorrow.
He showers – more to keep himself busy than hygienic necessity – and spends far too long picking out an outfit. He’s in the midst of deciding whether to go with more of a sleeker, dressier look, or pulling out a Christmas sweater for festive purposes. He looks himself in the mirror, holding each outfit up to himself in turn. Cas turns around and gestures to where Dorian is lying on his bed.
Bobby looks at them expectantly. “If you’re waiting for the perfect time for an explanation, you’re lookin’ at it.”
“And what would you have me do, put that crap on my face and let them win? Sod that. I do it because I
Cas presses himself closer, not caring about Dean’s sodden clothes. Dean’s mouth is pliant and gentle, but demanding in a way that makes Cas tingle. Evidently encouraged by Cas’ enthusiasm, Dean moves his hands from Cas’ face, slithering them around Cas’ waist instead. Delighted, Cas loops his arms around Dean’s neck, resting them on his broad shoulders. The two tug each other closer, still trying to fill a space that they’ve long since closed.
“See… where it goes…?” Cas repeats stupidly, in unfamiliar territory. Cas is the type of person who likes to rationalize and analyze and plan accordingly. He’s certainly not one to just “see where it goes”.
Dean gives Castiel one more cold glare before practically throwing him back in the booth and stalking out the door. Ellen, who Castiel quickly realizes must be the owner, hurries up to them.
People stop being friends all the time (not that Cas has any prior knowledge in this particular area), but he knows it’s true. He hasn’t even known Dean for that long, and half that time was spent as enemies.
With a sigh, he decides to stop prolonging the inevitable and reluctantly swings his legs over the side of the bed, sitting up. Standing stiffly, he walks over to his record player. He scratches the back of his head absentmindedly before picking a record and putting it on, Billie Holiday’s croon filling the room.
“What?! Why? I thought that maybe you- Why?” Sam asks, a desperate edge to his voice. Cas respects that edge, knows it’s out of love for his brother and a part of Cas is happy that if he himself can’t be there to protect Dean, Sam always will.
Out of the corner of his eye – and sometimes daring to turn his head if he thinks he can get away with it – he watches all the nuances of Dean’s facial expressions that he’s never really seen before. He gazes, enraptured, as Dean’s eyes crinkle with a chuckle at Han Solo and Chewbacca’s banter, or when his brows draw together a little in an intense focused frown during suspenseful moments, or the smile of triumph whenever a battle is won. There were these and so many other things, leaving Cas bizarrely fascinated. This was Dean, defenses down, and Cas looks back to the screen, smiling, realizing that he rather likes it this way.
Cas can hear the question in it, knows that if he says no that Dean will drop it completely, but Cas finds, with no small amount of alarm, that he doesn’t
Cas goes from relaxed to completely alert in the span of a blink. His posture is rigid in his chair, as if ready to spring into action at any moment if necessary.
“So. How are we all feeling today? Excited? Nervous?” he says, rubbing his hands together, like he’s eager to get started.
“From me and Sam,” Dean says. Cas looks at the wrapping paper in amusement, and Dean continues, a little embarrassed, “Yeah, uh, we don’t really have any wrapping paper? It’s like a weird family tradition, I guess.”
They exchange their final thank-yous and goodbyes in the parking lot, Bobby reminding Cas one more time to keep him updated, before they head to their respective cars. Cas gets into the Impala’s passenger seat—a place he’s become rather accustomed to, almost like a second home on wheels—and Dean opens the driver’s side to do the same, but is interrupted when Bobby suddenly calls out to him.
So what'd you think?? I really wanted to show the more vulnerable, tender side of Dean while still keeping him in character so I hope I achieved that!
energy in the air, and a more immature part of him just wants to keep his eyes forward so as not to have to deal with it. As he watches Sam’s expectant face in his peripherals, however, Cas turns towards him.
Over the course of more than a few restless nights, Cas had made the decision to visit his grave. He doesn’t know why he’s going, and he doesn’t know what he is subconsciously looking to achieve with it, but for some reason unknown to him he feels a certain... pull. Maybe he is looking for some kind of closure, or giving in to a sudden pang of bizarre sentimentality, or perhaps he’s developed a certain morbid fascination for the macabre (considering the way his second life had begun, or that it had begun at all). He sincerely hopes it isn’t the latter, and decides that the only way he can know for sure is to simply go and find out for himself.
“Dean! You can’t just leave now, you can leave after the wedding—” Bela started as she followed Dean into their bedroom.
The office they stopped at was warm and inviting as Dr. Mills sat behind her desk and Castiel took a seat in front of her.
“You do realize once the dual starts, no one will be able to stop it until one of you has yielded or stopped breathing?” Rowena pitched in, a bit too amused for the current circumstances. Dean smirked. She may have been older and Sam’s mate, but she had a twisted darkness to her that his brother was able to somehow keep a lid on. Dean had always liked her.
Dean found himself nodding as he once again felt that pulse in his veins. The healing helped to rejuvenate his system and even took away the pain, numbing it to a comfortable tingling. Dean watched the open and bright happiness his response evoked in Castiel, and he vowed then that he wouldn’t let the war reach the Winter Peak Keep.
As Head Alpha, Dean had to visit each home that was hosting in the two-week courting phase. Sometimes there were instant matches and it was easy to do the blessing along with the visiting pack’s Head Alpha. Other times, while the couple courting was very much a match, there would be someone in the family with an objection, despite having volunteered. The biggest issue Dean had come across was when the person that was intended to meet their mate was passed over for and a younger family member met their mate instead…
Dean had no idea how much time had passed as he drowned everything in flames, when three more vast spears hit him. In his pain-filled, shrieking cries, he saw Sam fly away, and Dean couldn’t follow. More spears were being fired at him, and he needed to get away and heal. It took all of his strength to fly away quickly and climb higher into the clouds towards the north to flee.
“Bel...” Dean had no idea what to say. His heart broke at the sight of her so resigned to the truth, and he admitted that maybe he’d known the moment he sank his teeth into Castiel’s mating gland that things had changed beyond repair. But Dean was nothing if hard-headed, and he had convinced himself that his relationship with Bela would survive, when his wolf knew the moment he tasted Castiel’s blood that it was over.
Suddenly everything in him was alerted. His senses went wild and it made him dizzy as he felt as if everything was overloading. He could
Dean looked down at him with wide, surprised eyes, and then his gaze trailed down lower to the Omega’s already swollen stomach. Dean surged forward and kissed him hungrily as he wrapped all ten of his tentacles around his pregnant lover and let them slowly drift down into the sands.
Castiel tentatively touched the healing bite mark on his neck. Just hours ago, Castiel was about to mourn not only his mate but their pup too, and that would’ve been only if he survived the surgery. Too many times he had witnessed other Omegas somehow find themselves in his situation, only to never return after the surgery. Dean Winchester, now his Alpha, had saved him like a dashing hero from adventurous stories of damsels in distress. Castiel blushed despite himself. It was clear that Dean saw him and his pup as family, and Castiel had known just how important that was to him from everything Adam had told him about Dean. Cas was grateful, and he would make sure to be a good Omega to him.
“Dean, Adam would approve. He would be okay with this and you know it. He freaking worshiped you and he obviously loved Castiel. I’m pretty sure he would want both of you to be happy. So if you are using Adam as a reason not to, don’t. You know better than anyone that he would be happy if you two were together, for Lily to have you, of all people, be her stand-in father. This is okay Dean, you know it,” Sam said in a rush of words, tears close to falling as he spoke of their late brother.
“Glad I missed whatever has you looking like that, brotha.” Benny’s voice made Dean look up as the burly Alpha walked in with a watermelon in hand, making Dean arch a brow at him.
“You’re one of those things?! I thought I had drank too much and imagined the whole thing.” The old doctor looked wild-eyed at Sam.
“Do you accept the challenge?” Michael yelled. He looked wild and panicked, and Dean could hear his heart racing and smell his desperation. A part of him felt sorry for the poor son of a bitch, but Michael wanted this and here they were. Dean stood and howled, announcing his acceptance of the challenge.
“Thank you, Alfie,” Dean whispered between them. The young boy had never said a word. Dean had only learned his name from other Alphas around the wooden cells. Alfie was the one that tended to all the wounded. From his nose alone, Dean could tell the boy was solemn, yet he was clean and clearly well fed. He had no idea what else Alfie did, nor what his role was in the pack beyond cleaning wounds, but he never sported any marks or bruises and Dean had to hope the young boy was okay.
“Wonderful. Now, Castiel, please come with me. I will return you safely to your mate’s den once we are finished with our visit,” the Sorceress informed them, as she inclined her head towards Castiel to follow.
“I’m so sorry, Alpha.I’m so sorry,” Castiel cried quietly, as his tears spilled down his cheeks. Dean cooed at him, making soft keening sounds. It wasn’t his fault. None of it was. “I couldn’t protect them-” The Omega’s voice broke as he took in a breath, and the Cecaelia’s tentacles squeezed in comfort. “We had two eggs…” the merman cried against his Alpha.
“Okay Cas, I know you're not sick. Talk to me,” Charlie encouraged gently. She knew after all this time that Castiel was a shy and reserved person, and he looked pained right now, which worried her a bit.
“Daa!” Jack piped up gaining loving smiles from his parents as Dean moved to take him from his mama.
—a Winchester by blood, the Head Alpha’s brother, and considered royalty when it came to lineage. The male Omega closed his eyes, feeling their stares as he let his tears spill over.
His punishments were harsh words and warning of a belting. While his sisters were treated with physical punishments and whenever Castiel had tried to intervene, the punishment would only be worse for the girls. So Castiel stopped, cried silently for them and in turn was shunned by them while their mother coddled him as Castiel tried to understand why. The older he and his sisters grew, the worse their lives became as their father would take his sisters without him, dressed them in clothes that cost months worse of mortgage and with every outing, every time Anna and Rachel returned home, Castiel would notice the slight changes in them. Some physical, such as their dresses weren't as pristine and they seemed slightly disheveled. Anyone else wouldn't notice but Castiel did. His sisters grew silent and withdrawn and as they changed, Castiel would often see bruises in the shapes of fingers upon them and any time he tried to speak with them to do anything, Anna and Rachel shoved him away.
Castiel smiled. “Yes it is. I um, I need to ask you something, and please don’t deflect” he asked her seriously and watched as her carefree expression changed to confusion and concern.
“What’s going on?” Charlie came stumbling in with her turquoise sleep mask still strapped to her forehead. Her eyes grew wide in surprise. “Oh my gods…”
“Dean?” The Alpha opened his eyes to Pam standing before him with a gentle smile. She patted him on the arm and looked him straight in the eyes. “What’s your heart saying?” She whispered between them.
Castiel turned to find a wardrobe. Gently he traced his finger tips over the polished oak wood, appreciating its craftsmanship as his mind wondered. Just days ago, his life had been completely altered and a part of him was terrified. Castiel’s family didn’t come from much and yet his parents insisted on pretending to belong in the high society of the privileged and elite. That desperation had led them to make foolish decisions that now had brought Castiel to here.
As he walked down a forested trail with Benny, he poked at his bond with Castiel, feeling the Omega’s contentment and relaxed mood. It definitely helped him stay in a good mood.
Dean sighed and closed his eyes in irritation. He knew damn well how long he had been searching, refusing to give up on finding his mate. He
within the essence of his being that Castiel was alive, and he wasn’t going to stop looking for him. His beautiful merman was his everything: his reason for breathing, for hunting: for thriving. Even though they hadn’t been together long, Dean’s purpose as a Cecaelian Warrior- all of the training, every trial, every war, he had triumphed in over the millennia-had all brought him to the moment he had met Castiel. He was at home, loved, adored and needed by his Omega mate, and different species be damned, Castiel was where Dean was meant to be. He would troll every beach the human world held in the hopes of finding him.
Dean was laying in the grass, holding Lily up at arm's length, giggling up a storm as he quickly lowered her for kisses and then lifted her back up just a fast. The pup was nearing six months old, time having flown by since Lily’s Cresening and they’d fallen back into a daily routine. Despite the rumors that continued to spread, no one had outwardly defied Dean since Michael’s demise.
Castiel rushed towards him and hugged him as best he could with his stomach. “Thank you Alpha,” Castiel whispered, his emotions running high, and he blamed it on his hormones when tears filled his eyes.
He and Sam had been busy with monster of week hunts while at times using Cas’s services just as they had with Bobby. Yet, for Dean, he felt a need to see his friend and it was a bit of a confusing feeling for him.
With Lily down for her afternoon nap, Castiel headed to the kitchen for a light snack. He found Dean making himself a sandwich as Charlie chatted away from across the counter while eating a bowl of cereal.
Charlie was standing by the window, just out of sight, watching the stranger talk to Castiel, when Dean was suddenly by her side wearing a furious scowl and about to storm out the front door before Charlie stopped him. “Wait, let him handle it. He’s not helpless,” she whispered and Dean’s whole body clenched as he fought with himself not to rush out to Castiel’s side.
Once he was dry and dressed in his favorite worn grey sleep pants, he made his way towards the bed when the sudden need to see and scent his pup became too strong to deny. He smiled to himself, calling Lily his own… She felt like she was… She was a Winchester and no one could say otherwise. Before he knew it, he was downstairs, making his way down the hall and through the ajar door into Lily’s nursery on stealthy bare feet.
“Dean,” Castiel called out as he hurried towards the man. The Alpha smiled tiredly at his love and opened his arms for his Omega and son. Castiel buried his face in Dean’s neck, scenting him greedily as his emotions swirled with relief as he felt his husband’s strong arms around him and a kiss to his own neck.
They stayed silent for a moment, and Dean found himself observing the Healer as he seemed to fidget in place. He was quite a beautiful human, with his dark hair and light skin. Those eyes…they held a flicker of magic in them, and it was making the Dragon increasingly more curious.
“Castiel! How can you allow this? You brought the Monsters into our colony,” Naomi screamed in anger, as Hester stayed limp against her.
The surroundings were filled with stone structures with beautifully carved cave entries. Every single carving was covered in multiple types of coral that gave the territories a bright, yet dangerous, outlook for any unassuming prey to wander through.They would never see a Cecaelia coming. It was unassuming, and gave a false sense of safety that the Cecaelia easily used to their advantage. Castiel was impressed.
Benny sat down across from him and leveled with him, “Dean, I know you are trying to understand this new bond. Brotha, I ain’t your enemy, not now, not ever.” Fuck, Dean realized he actually growled at Benny. He started to apologize when Benny held up a hand to stop him. “Dean, Charlie asked me to, because apparently Castiel didn’t want to bother you. He doesn’t want to cause problems for you with Bela.”
“No? But lying to the girls is? I’m not gonna pretend that everything has been easy since the divorce but I’ve always been honest, with you and with them,” Dean gruffed out as he made sure to keep his tone gentle and scent calm as Jack started to doze against him.
He could hear his brother yelling and arguing through his pounding headache. He tried to sit up, only to find that his wrists were tied down.
“Hn” She smirked and he hated when she gave him her ‘knowing’ gaze as she nodded in agreement if only for his sake. “Whatever you say Cas, but Alphas are prideful knotheads, all of them, even your husband and one way or another, that side always comes out.” She hummed as she sauntered out of the office leaving him feeling a bit rattled and annoyed.
“Joanna, this is Jack, Dean and I’s seven-month-old son” Castiel introduced them as Jack turned his head to look at Jo. He was a perfect mix of Dean and Castiel. The Alpha’s light hair, freckles, and lips with hazel green eyes while the shape of the eyes and nose were most definitely from his Omega mama.
“Cas, which ones am I missing,” Dean asked, as he kept his attention on the struggling five Merfolk.
It ‘recycled’ money that was near it, meaning that when the brothers would need to ‘pay’ for whatever they needed, the box would materialize the exact amount needed by ‘borrowing’ whatever the humans near them had on their person. Once the transaction was completed, the spell would cause the money to return back to its rightful owner. Sam had found it brilliant, while Dean had simply nodded and didn’t care to understand further. He just wanted to get Castiel back.
Gabriel remembered how some time later the dolphins had returned, and told him they had taken Castiel to shore quite a distance away and that humans had found him, but that was all they could supply. Gabriel was still grateful.
“What happened that night? I’ve asked Dean but he won't tell me.” Castiel started, only for Charlie to turn pale and not look at him in the eyes. “I felt so much rage and guilt from Dean… I just want to understand.”
The Alpha heard his brother’s warning just as he caught a glimpse of the flying creature above the heavily treed forest.
Day 61: It won’t let me leave! All the animals have been butchered! Strung up in the trees around the cabin. There’s laughter at night, and I know it’s laughing at me! It keeps me here!
“Well, then, it's good that Mating Season is upon us,” a new voice from behind Dean’s parents’ echoed, as a stunning, vibrantly colored Cecaelia came forth. Her tentacles were a bright byzantium, while her long flowing hair was a crab red. She exuded power. She turned and looked at Castiel and gave him a soft smile. “I’m Rowena. It is a pleasure to meet the Omega Mermaid that’s enchanted our best Warrior Hunter.”
Admittedly, the Omega found himself feeling a bit of envy as well. Castiel leaned against the open sliding door as he drank his iced tea, and his mind wandered to daydreams he knew he shouldn’t have, and yet… Dean was such a wonderful Alpha… an amazing hands-on father. Castiel wanted for nothing, and yet his treacherous heart and mind teased him with erotic images of Dean… It certainly didn’t help that the Alpha wandered around shirtless in the summertime, or wore those form fitting henleys… Perhaps Castiel’s heat was coming up and it was messing with his mind… He hadn’t had a heat since he had Lily, and Jody told him it’d be hit-or-miss if he would have one in the first year after giving birth… His heats had always been quite mild anyway…
“Morning, let's get started shall we? This is quite a simple meeting as the terms are ‘irreconcilable differences’ meaning a no-fault divorce. So, Omega Novak or do you prefer Dr. Novak?” The female Alpha asked and Castiel had to physically make himself look away from Dean to address her. The removal of ‘Winchester’ wasn’t lost on him and it hurt more then he would have imagined.
The elder brother turned around and glared at his brother. “I’m not having this conversation again, Sam,” Dean growled out as he continued on north.
“Well, I think we should celebrate!” Dean beamed as he tickled Lily into mumbling spit bubbles that made Castiel smile brightly.
The roar of rolling thunder sounded outside as rain still showered down heavily. With the cozy warmth of the blanket fort and the soft glow of the fairy lights and having Dean’s right arm holding him close as his fingertips danced over his bare skin, he couldn't be happier. His body still tingled from their love making and his heart was still learning to embrace the words Dean had spoken just minutes ago.
“What would you like to know? He was your brother,” Castiel teased softly, and it was Dean’s turn to smile.
“Didn’t have to, there were four of their members and four of us. Had to do so right there in the hospital room,” Dean shared as he closed his eyes. His skin felt itchy and his wolf was pacing and growling like something was wrong. Dean had a feeling it had to do with Castiel; the Omega was in the other SUV and Dean was pretty sure he wasn’t feeling all that relaxed. New land, new pack, no friends must be quite stressful for the new mama-to-be.
“Damnit…” Castiel whispered as he flushed all over once more and hated it. This was completely unseemly behavior. Dean had been nothing but good to him and the Alpha had just recently broken things off with Bela and this… This was wrong of him, Castiel chastised himself. Guilt ate at him. Dean was his Alpha in name and bite only, and he couldn’t help but feel as if he was being disrespectful to Dean, and to Bela… Granted, he couldn’t help what he dreamt about but still, now fully awake and able to remember the ghost of the touch from Dean’s large calloused warm hands on him… shit.
The Blood Waters were a chilled and eerie graveyard of multiple sunken human ships. The area was infested with great whites, tiger sharks, sea snakes and great barracuda. It was vast and hauntingly frightening with the remains of structures left all throughout, with fierce and dangerous creatures lurking about.
Castiel looked up in surprise and saw a beautiful female Omega in a pale pink robe come towards the island.
“Jimmy!” Meg watched as some stranger barreled towards them, and just as the large man touched Jimmy, her best friend passed out. His body went limp, much too heavy for her to catch, but the stranger caught him easily and laid him down gently.
As Bela made her way towards the kitchen, she could see the low light and hear someone whispering, and she instinctively knew who she would find there. Her mind swirled with confusion and the fear of meeting her rival… She almost snorted at the words her wolf supplied. Castiel wasn’t her enemy, and yet she couldn’t help but feel like he was, even without having met him yet. She chastised herself, refusing to feel such horrible feelings towards someone Dean had done such a drastic thing to save… Her wolf kept whining and reminding her that Dean had claimed this unknown Omega
“Because you shouldn’t have gone and you know it. Don’t make this out like I’m the bad guy. You care so much about the pack politics, and went on and on about how you didn’t agree with his challenge and yet there you were,” Dean growled as he paced the length of their bedroom while Bela sat angrily on their bed.
Castiel frowned as confusion filled him. Had been asleep that long? Perhaps… it was possible with the shock of coming home and finding the papers on the counter.
“We know you can now. We will have more, and this time I won’t leave you, hunting traditions be damned,” Dean told him. He gained a small smile and a nod from his merman. One of the Cecaelia’s tentacles came up and handed Castiel the third item from the sack, while two other tentacles carefully took the broken egg shells from the Omega and delicately returned them to the sack.
Dean hummed and closed the flap of the pillow fort, shutting them off from the outside. "You're safe babe, I got you," Dean stated and leaned forward to kiss him.
Within the next moment, Dean was gone just as quickly as he had come and Castiel found himself looking up at a smirking Charlie.
“I love him,” Castiel whispered out loud as he sat on the edge of his bed and looked out the window at the star-studded night sky. He focused on the brightest of the stars and felt himself unravel, feeling his late mate’s energy in his heart as he spoke. “I’ve tried to deny it to myself… to my heart… to
Dean, the handsome man with apple green eyes and a charming smile, kept saying it in his replays of the very few clear dreams he’d had. Jimmy felt more than saw, the situations. Yet the ones that featured Dean were warm, joyous, and at times, arousing. A part of him accepted that Dean had been his lover, a good part of his past, yet he had no idea what had happened, and it was frustrating and terrifying. If he had washed up on the beach, nude and with nothing to identify him, nothing that belonged to him, what had happened to Dean? Had he suffered the same fate? Had they been attacked while on a boat? Shipwrecked? Or had Dean been the one to hurt him?
It was just after five o’clock when Castiel bid his last patient goodbye as he walked them to the front glass door of the clinic. Movement caught his eye and he watched as families with young children had started to trick or treat in the early evening light. He couldn’t hear their joy but he could see it. Kids of all ages pulled on their parents' hands as they laughed and giggled and  crossed the small neighborhood streets to make sure to hit every decorated house to get all the candy.
Of course there were a few differences this time around. Like the fact that Bobby was gone. Yet Dean and Sam knew they had to keep going. Their mentor had been proud of them and they would continue to make him proud by saving people and taking out everything that went bump in the night without Heaven and Hell playing them like pieces of a board game.
Once dinner was done, Ellie had already started to yawn and rub at her eyes. “Come on Pikachu, bath time and then bed” Dean announced as he took off his baseball cap and vest.
Bela sat up and straightened her shoulders as she took a deep breath once more. She could do this, nothing had to change.
that left him feeling flushed as butterflies danced in his stomach. The other was of a man’s smile. It was dashing, luscious lips and sharp, fang-like cuspids, yet the smile was strikingly attractive and kind Every time the memory would surface, Jimmy would catch himself smiling like a fool. The images were always singular, never whole or giving him the man’s full face, but he was certain it was one and the same.
Sam was doing his best to keep up with his brother, wanting to be ready for anything as Dean looked practically delirious, following his senses blindly, scaring some of the local folks.
“Yes, it does. Emma is completely convinced that Cas is some evil demon and we are out to hurt you, even though we haven’t heard or spoken to you beyond whatever the girls will tell me.”
“I understand,” Castiel stated and he stood carefully with her help. Exhaustion overcame him and he desperately needed a nap.
Castiel turned off his car and sat dejected as he looked up at the somber house. There would be yet another fight  and another night of sleeping with swirls of emotions that wouldn’t settle. He looked at the clock on the dashboard; it was almost ten thirty. This wasn’t the first time he had messed up and forgotten important dates that pertained to him and his family, yet with every one missed, he felt as if his apologies meant less every time.
Jody’s eyebrows shot up into her hairline at his question, surprise evident on her beautiful face. “Oh sweetie, it’s for us to see your pup.”
Inside was an impressive collar. It was a beautiful dark green sheepskin, with an intricately detailed Winchester family crest embroidered in rich black and grey thread. Dean couldn’t stop himself from reaching in to touch the soft collar.
Dean slept soundly for the first time in as many moons since Castiel had disappeared, with the certainty that he was going to find Castiel soon.
The once powerful Sorceress screamed until Dean crushed her. The sounds of her bones and her skeletal form breaking and cracking was sickening as blood spilled from her mouth, nose and eyes. Her body went slack when Dean removed himself from her. Only the shackles that held her to the wooden pool held her up.
She stopped short when she looked over at the old beige sofa. She had barely spent time in the living room since that fateful day, almost 4 years ago now, when Dean, her then Alpha and husband of 35 years, told her he wanted a divorce...that there was someone else…
“Now I go to Russia, bring back Adam’s body and give him the burial he deserves.” Dean was already arranging things for his flight.
Bela looked murderously at Crowley, but before anyone else could move or say anything, the sound of chatting voices drifted in from the foyer, and soon Charlie and Castiel stood in the opposite doorway, hands filled with shopping bags.
Growling…a low and deep sound that promised death at the end of sharp fangs. Snarling followed as Dean pushed himself to move every step forward, and to ignore the hidden beast as panic and fear started to make goosebumps rise all over him, but he kept moving. He wasn't going to just stand still and be some animal beast’s dinner without at least attempting to fight or leave. He reminded himself not to run. Running meant it could and most likely would chase, and Dean would have zero chance.
“I’m gonna need some Johnnie Walker Blue for this shit, ain’t I?” the grumbling doctor guessed as he, too, was still trying to piece together what he had seen. Then again, it hadn’t been the first octopus man he had ever seen.
He nodded in understanding. He hadn’t felt attraction to anyone, and had thought he simply didn’t possess such feelings or reactions…until now. Perhaps this simply meant he was a loyal lover, and that his body and mind only craved whomever had enchanted his heart? He didn’t know.
Dean sat up when he heard her turn off the shower. He growled in annoyance when he still couldn’t smell a damn thing and he felt a headache was coming on. He hated it beyond words.
Pam and Dean were the last ones to reach the wet asphalt as Castiel watched a large Alpha hug Dean tightly. “That’s Sam,” Pamela informed the Omega.
The Alpha swam between them, enjoying their pain as he then settled before Hester, who glared at him even in her deteriorating state. Dean smiled at her, a terrifying sight as his sharp teeth glistened and his eyes glowed. Before she could utter a word, four of his tentacles wrapped firmly around her, almost covering the whole of her, and he started to
The Alpha spun around and it took him a moment to understand what he was seeing. “Oh my gods… Lily!” Dean started to laugh. Elation filled him and awe warmed his heart as he started towards the pup. “I can’t believe it... I guess Winchester genes are damn strong. Look at you, pretty girl.”
“I feel good. Thank you for breakfast.” There was such a lovely energy about her, and Charlie’s strawberries and basil scent put him at ease and made him feel uplifted. Or perhaps it was just her bubbly personality, but either way he was thankful for it.
“Benjamin Lafitte. We’ve been dating for some time now.” Balthazar whispered between them and Castiel saw the pure unbidden love his friend had for the burly Alpha. Benny Lafitte was the local Fire-station Chief. Dean, Dean was friends with him.
“Charlie… I… Dean is...” He couldn’t explain himself. Dean was his hero… He was Adam’s brother and it felt wrong… He lusted after Dean, when he had never felt this way for Adam—his mate—outside of their heat/rut cycles. And he was gravely unprepared for handling such desires. He wanted to be nestled in Dean’s arms, and found himself slightly jealous of Lily being about to nap and drool in his strong embrace… He loved Dean’s smile… dear moon goddess it made his heart thunder. Just hearing Dean’s voice calmed him and energized him all at once, and these erratic feelings were so frustrating because they seemed to continue growing and he had no idea what to do about them.
“You must be Omega Novak, I’m Ellen. I run the kitchen here for Lord Dean.” The elder woman voiced once the two males had left and closed the door behind them. She smelled of basil and flour.
Dean was smiling as he listened, and watched Castiel softly explain to him his story. There was something so soothing and calming about being around the Healer. He placated Dean’s beast in a way that was a bit foreign, and Dean frowned as he tried to understand its meaning.
the man had said, and Rufus had fainted when he saw the man dive back into the water with his tentacles.
Dean turned a corner and spotted a woman that was helping a slight man on the sidewalk. Time stood still for the Cecaelia Alpha as the man turned and set two confused and pain-filled sky blue eyes on him, and everything clicked for Dean.
Asmodeus balked a bit and cleared his throat before he turned to address Dean once more. “I understand you are mated Alpha Winchester, and your daughter is beautiful, I meant no disrespect.”
Dean’s heart was racing, coming close to the dangerous chance that it would explode from panic. This wasn’t his husband outside, it wasn’t his brother outside, it was some kind of evil creature that wanted him. For what, Dean wasn’t sure, but as he looked around the room, at the blood etched symbols and sigils everywhere, he couldn’t help but wonder what the fuck had happened to the writer of the journal, the owner of this deserted and cursed cabin in the woods.
Castiel jolted, turning to find Dean standing by the island with a still sleeping Lily in his arms. His hair was a fuzzy mess and he looked adorably sleepy and Castiel cherished the moment.
Castiel nodded as he caressed his stomach, his appetite finally diminished. “Yes, a few months ago, before... before Adam passed, Dean had asked me about flowers for your wedding. He had been adamant about selecting the right ones to compliment you. He said it was the one thing you had given him to plan for the event and didn’t want to fail you.”
Dean knew that the first collar had been made years ago, when he was a gangly teenager and had just presented as Alpha. Customs held strong in the packs that when one presented as Alpha, the pack seamstress or tailor would craft a collar with their family crest for the future Omega the Alpha would one day choose.
Dean came around his desk, leaning back against it, and sighed as he placed the cell phone on the dark wood. “I um… I just had a call from that pack in Russia.”
The Blood Waters were an extremely dangerous section of the Cecaelia territories. They used it to bring punishment to anyone, usually from their clan, that broke their laws or were deemed rogue and a risk for their safety, and therefore had to be taken care of.
“Cas, Dean is the bees knees of Alphas. I can’t even begin to tell you how many Omegas, Betas and even Alphas would love to get some of that Winchester attention. Hell, I may prefer females but I have eyes, Dean is a sexy beast—”
“Okay,” Castiel retrieved his hand and looked around Dean to watch people leave. He saw Bela walk away while speaking with Crowley and Sam before he turned his gaze back to Dean and embarrassingly yawned. “I’m sorry!”
“I hope I didn’t wake you. I got home a little while ago and just wanted to kiss her goodnight, even though it's three am,” Dean admitted in a whisper. He looked at the Omega before him. Castiel was always so beautiful… It was so effortless, and Dean was completely bewitched. He bit his lower lip as he took him in… dressed in one of the pajamas sets he loved, the pants and the button up, baby pink with soft white hearts all over them. His hair was wild from sleep and his dark blue eyes twinkled with emotions that Dean wanted to explore but wasn’t sure how. He smelled so good, sleepy and happy, soothing, and Dean just wanted to bury his face in his neck and fall asleep wrapped up around him.
A deafening and resounding knock came from the door then, the pressure in Dean’s head threatening to shatter.
“Of course, we wouldn’t want him to be dishonored.” The sarcasm in Bela’s tone was barely contained through her clenched teeth. Dean wanted to calm her and tell her it was only for the funeral yet he couldn’t. He knew how hurt she was by this… She was the one that was supposed to be his one and only, the bearer of his claiming bite…
“Mercy? Is that what you did for our eggs? Mercy,” Dean growled out, outraged at her hypocrisy. “Don’t worry, I’ll make sure you and Zachariah see your attackers coming.” His words caused her eyes to go wide as she trembled in the restraints, and she looked over at Zachariah who was just a few feet away from her. Then Dean’s tentacles came up and secured another seaweed around her neck and the wooden pole to keep her head from slouching down. Then one tentacle wrapped around Naomi's tail and started to squeeze, making her scream. She was immobile as he turned her tail into a crushed heap. She continued to scream and cry at the pain as Dean drifted over to Zachariah.
“Kevin go help Balthazar at the front desk.” Jody voiced as she rolled her eyes. The young medical coder grumbled and knew when he was being dismissed and reluctantly walked away.
Dean looked at the Omega he had once believed he’d marry. He loved her and always would, but Castiel had changed his world in a way he hadn’t been ready for, and no matter what their relationship became, however he could be allowed to love Castiel, he would do it happily. There was something about the dark-haired Omega that, even from the first moment they had met, had made a connection within him. He just couldn’t deny that he wanted to see where it could go if the Omega was willing. “We’re friends, we work well together and—”
“Dean, what about Castiel? I mean, it's obvious this bond you two have… He’s the official Head Omega—”
. With those thoughts echoing in his mind, Dean had eventually hunted, despite his weakened state, to start eating and healing his body. Eventually, when his wounds had healed and his strength had returned, he said his goodbyes, taking with him his father’s satchel, his mother’s necklace, and a lock of his brother’s hair with him as he ventured out to find his purpose after such horrific events. No matter how he viewed the past, his survival guilt would plague him in his dreams at night, guilt at not being able to save his family; save his pack.
Of course, sometimes things happened in the weirdest ways. While Dean was in a heated conversation with the sire of the sixteen year-old who found her mate in the family they were hosting, the mother had called someone she trusted. Dean hadn’t been surprised—and he smiled despite the situation—when Bela walked in. Without a word they fell into the team effort they’d perfected over the years, and soon enough the situation had been defused and the mating-to-be, a courting agreement, had been blessed by Dean and the hosted family’s Head Alpha, Asmodeus Masters. Dean quickly noticed how the odd old man had stayed quiet during the whole ordeal, and he looked forward to the end of the hostings. He knew that the quicker they wrapped up, the sooner the Alpha would leave Dean’s territories.
While Dean was in surgery, Castiel had called his eldest daughter Claire. Dean’s daughters, along with many in the community, hadn't welcomed Castiel with open arms when the Alpha had divorced his then Omega of thirty-five years to be with him four years ago. Not only was Castiel seen as a novice for being a rare male Omega, but to add to the spectacle, Castiel was also twenty years younger than Dean and barely six years older than his Alpha’s eldest daughter. Yet, Claire had been more subjective to their relationship in a way that, as upset for her mother as she was, had wanted to understand her father’s choice. Dean had told him that he and Claire had a strong father-daughter bond and he was sure she would come around. In some ways she had, yet stayed guarded but was never outright aggressive towards Castiel and that was all the Omega could ask for. Emma however, was a different story. She would still go to dinners with Dean but wouldn’t want Castiel to attend and the Omega respected that. Dean tried to get her to at least get to know him but Emma would only start getting upset and stating she felt like she was betraying her mother. Castiel understood that and had told Dean to just focus on keeping his relationship with his daughter and not worry about him.
“Dr. Novak?” Castiel looked up to find an older female Omega with short dark hair smiling at him as he quickly stood up.
“Yes. I’d very much like to experience it.” Jimmy smiled at her as they made their way towards the edge, where a small but sturdy wooden balcony had been constructed. It overlooked the ocean, and was a rare gift most people never had the pleasure of experiencing.
Three senescences had been stolen from him, time that he would never get back. Despite his friends on land and everything they had done for him, how they had protected him and looked after him, Castiel belonged and longed to be right where he was now, in Dean’s arms. It terrified him to know that he had been cursed to forget his lover, to forget what they had and who he was. He felt a desperate need to assuage that fear.
“I’m sure you’re right. It's been five years, and the things I see in these flashbacks are just confusing. The visions never change.I suppose I should focus on the here and now and figure out my future.” As he spoke the words, it felt like a stone had formed in his stomach, and yet it felt painfully
“I… “ Castiel felt like a fool. He knew with every part of him that this Clinic had never been a healthy environment and he was ashamed to realize that he had ignored all the red flags in favor of wanting to build his career and help his patients. He was a complete fool that had somehow let those evil whispers get to him and believed he was doing good in putting his patients first and he hated himself for willingly doing it. For pushing the love of his life out of his life and losing their daughter in the storm of his desperate need to be the most successful Omega physician in their town. He broke them, no one else but him and he hated himself. The shame that had awakened within him threatening to shock him. He didn’t want to admit any of it because then; then he was truly the one that had destroyed his happy life. He could blame Meg and the others all he wanted but he wast the one who had put his career before all else. It meant admitting that the last three years of his life had been wrong and he had missed so much. He had felt a sense of righteous duty to this clinic and its people when no one truly cared for him in return besides Balthazar. Despair felt heavy and dark in the pit of his stomach as the pethathic and helpless feelings returned to drown him promised to choke him.
He remembered looking over and seeing the turtle near him, and then there had been a man…and tentacles. Moss colored tentacles that suddenly ripped apart the nets, and human-like arms had helped him back into the boat, where his fishing buddy was passed out drunk. Rufus had turned back to look at the water, and found an older man with a beard and unusually rough looking skin.
“So apparently there will be a new pup in the pack soon. Eileen and Benny are finally expecting,” Pam announced as a change of subject.
“Da! Aaaa,” Lily was telling him and yeah, Dean was completely wrapped around her tiny finger. He kissed her forehead and the pup giggled and kept playing with her binky as he turned back to the people in attendance. Crowey was already speaking with Asmodeus’ pack lawyer, outlining which houses would host who. Dean stifled a yawn, just wanting to go home, when Lily gave a wide yawn of her own, and looked a bit dazed which made him laugh.
Dean nodded. He did feel bad for interrupting, but he had reasons. “I need to uphold my honor and take my revenge. I cannot be fully present for my Omega and his needs until I release this wrath upon the ones responsible for hurting him and for slaughtering our offspring.”
“Do you mind? I don't know who the hell you are to Castiel but you need to leave.” Anna growled out yet Meg completely ignored her as she addressed Castiel once more.
“Have to be quiet” Dean whispered as he slid Castiel’s pajama pants down and off as the Omega pulled off his own t-shirt, needy and desperate to feel his Alpha’s skin against his own.
Jimmy woke with a moan. His heart was still racing, the tingling aftereffects of orgasm still lingering in his body. Odd, as he hadn’t experienced an orgasm in years. The haze cleared from his mind as he found the evidence in the water. He jumped out, feeling raw and still numb from the feelings stirred by the... dream...the memory? He didn’t know yet.
Castiel hummed to himself as he started to make spaghetti with the leftover meat sauce Dean had made and frozen. The tranquility of cooking and the ease of motion that his body moved with ease about their kitchen and it hit him just how much he missed doing this simple act of making dinner for his family…He stood a bit shocked at the sentiment that cursed through him when he heard the front door opened followed by Ellie’s happy squeals as she spoke to Dean.
“Meg,” he rasped out, his throat dry. Meg had been his best friend since he had woken on the beach those years ago.
“Don’t worry Dean, we are very happy,” Castiel assured him as Lily reached for his nose. “We are gonna go have some lunch, aren’t we my pretty girl?” Castiel continued cooing at his precious pup as he walked out of the office.
Jo groaned in irritation as the sound of her cell phone blared next to her head. She pushed up on her elbows and glared at her alarm clock. It was 4:04 am. She sighed and reached for her phone, and worry came over her as she saw it was her youngest daughter calling.
“Yeah, he has five of them, pets really, but I’m sure he’ll let you brush them and give them treats,” Dean expounded as the Omega smiled. “Well, I have things to attend to. Thanks for the breakfast, Red. Oh, and Cas?”
Dean was trying to keep his swirling emotions in check as he made his way into the kitchen to find Sam and Crowley arguing while Pam ate a piece of bacon from a large plate left on the counter with a side of blueberry pancakes.
Dean brought him deeper into the enclave. The colony of the Cecaelia only seemed to grow deeper and much more secure. Anyone trying to invade, or a predator, would never be able to survive. Dean lured him into a cove, where the center opened into a massive gathering stoned berth. There were five Cecaelia awaiting them, stationed upon the higher positioned sitting stones.
War. Revenge. No matter how calm Dean was trying to keep himself, he was Cecaelia, and as a warrior, the rage always danced just under the surface of his skin. Even with their Cecaelian Sorceress’s glamour magic, he had a hard time keeping his true form from taking over when he was annoyed enough. Castiel had tempered that part of him, the part that made him the sea monster he was and thrived on. Castiel tamed his fighting beast into a mere nurse shark with those soulful blue eyes, and that smile that made all of Dean’s tentacles vibrate with sheer adoration.
Castiel looked down at his arm, inches from his wrist, the same arm that had been broken when he met Dean just over a year ago, and he knew his feelings for the Alpha had grown over that time… but he was confused nonetheless. He placed his hand where Dean had touched him, momentarily forgetting that Charlie was still quite literally next to him until she spoke.
Then he heard Sam shrieking in pain. He spun around, his tail leveling daring enemy soldiers. Some large wooden wagons with a ballista type of weapon mounted upon them surrounded Sam. Dean watched in horror as he realized there were five around his brother that fired a bolt-like spear, tearing down his brother, who screeched in pain as he burned half of them down.
The Alpha sighed as he listened to Bela shower. Their relationship wasn't the same and he hated it, it was frustrating. They were almost like strangers lately and it ate at his pride. They argued more often than not, and every time Dean tried to even kiss her, she’d wrinkle her nose instinctively before remembering herself and pecking him back. And now, well, this was only the second time they had been intimate since Dean had claimed Castiel and boy had that changed completely.
“Dean, look. It's been five human years, three in the Cecaelia senescence, and-” Sam still pushed as he followed.
It took a moment, but then Castiel felt a peaceful hum coming from their bond and he smiled. He had no idea what had happened, and it was obviously something grim with how angry  Dean had been, but for the moment he was only concerned with making sure the Alpha was alright. Dean smiled at him and Castiel’s worry diminished and he felt incredibly at ease.
Jo’s eyes fluttered. She knew Claire had rather quickly manded her relationship with her father, they had always been close, but she hadn’t realized Claire had also accepted Castiel… and the small pup greatly confused her. “What the hell is this?” She asked as her voice clashed over the sound of the pup’s happy coos.
Cas would never forgive him. His sweet husband of seven years would be devastated, and the blunt urge and need to see his lover again made Dean move. He hightailed it towards the cabin, throwing caution to the insane raging winds, and bolted to the shabby excuse of a building. He felt watched, and he was pretty damn sure every move he made was being calculated by whatever had him in its sights, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care as he slammed himself into the wooden door that gave way under his weight. He scrambled up from the dust covered floor, shut the door with a hard shove, and pulled the nearby four foot bookshelf in front of it to keep it closed.
“Dean said something a few weeks ago at the meeting with the Lawyers…” The pain filled tone in her brother’s voice made Anna stop and listen. “He said he was never what I really wanted. How could he ever think that? I feel so lost and empty without him Anna. His scent is slowly fading from our bedroom and I can’t take it… it hurts so much. How could I have made him feel this way? I’m a horrible Omega! How can I ever make him see what he means to me? I fucked up so badly. I think he hates me, I,” Castiel’s words mumbled together as he started to hyperventilate and Anna grasped his hands and reminded him to breathe as his insides felt as if they were twisting and breaking into sharp piercing shards.
erratically to get away from the beast, and he remembered that those tentacles were attached to a man’s body...there had been a spear, and the shark had been in pieces. There had been blood, and...how the hell had he been able to stay in the water that long? He must have been scuba diving...but the man…what was the word his mind had associated with the flashback? Cecaelia?
. However, most Omegas can handle both, a career and a family. While you obviously couldn’t and now here we are. You are quite lucky indeed that you didn’t want to mate, makes this divorce much easier. Now you can have your career and never have to worry about anyone being home to wait on you. Burden gone.” Bela voiced before she spun on her high heels and left Castiel with an utter feeling of loss and defeat.
Meg stayed near and just watched, still in disbelief that her friend was apparently involved with a Cecaelia.
Fear started to grip him, and the male Omega’s hand instinctively went to his stomach while he tried to figure out what the hell had just happened. Was something wrong with his daughter? “I think something might be wrong with the baby,” he whispered as his heart began to race and his wolf mewled in worry.
“This is where I will be starting next week. You should give them a call and see if they have any openings. Its across town and its a large clinic that’s actually part of St.Michael’s hospital. It has a diverse staff and its quite honestly a nice place and the people are actually decent.” Balthazar went on as he gave Castiel one of the business cards from one of the physicians on the board.
“Oh! That’s great news! Finally rid of that Alpha! We should go celebrate today!” Meg cheered but her words just made Castiel feel angry and tired. He didn’t need his kind of reaction, she was clearly ignoring his pain. He felt raw and vulnerable suddenly and he just wanted her to go away. Until now he had always been able to  ignore her constant jabs at Dean but now… now he wondered if he had been unknowingly receptive to her constant anti alpha speeches.
Dean looked over at him and took Castiel’s gentle hand in his. His ears perked up at the small gasp from the Healer. “How do you know I am leaving tomorrow?” The Dragon frowned. The answer had been there between them since they had met, yet Dean hadn’t realized it. He had not known that a true bond formed simply and without force. They had bonded when they had first locked eyes.
“Hey, so get this,” Sam started as he walked into the war room and dropped at the table in front of Dean while he nursed a new beer. “You remember a while ago Garth mentioned that Cas wanted to reopen a bar, kinda like Roadhouse 2?”
Castiel sighed as he removed his cloak and dusted his skirts from the chilled snow. A slight knock startled him as he spun around to find an older female Beta with a tray of hot food, followed by two large Beta men that brought in a bathing tub. Castiel’s heart sang… if there was one thing about the privilege circles he truly appreciated, it was the warm baths. The two males didn’t pass him a glimpse as they set the bath close to the fireplace and Castiel could see the steam coming from it.
“I see, well I suppose there is no harm in saying goodbye. As per our customs, Castiel is going to be placed with a new family once he is out of surgery,” Ishim voiced, his tone irritated and filled with barely hidden disdain as he looked down his nose at the battered Omega sitting on the bed.
Ellen left as quickly as she had come. Castiel locked the door behind her and let himself enjoy the rich meat and vegetable stew she had brought him with a small loaf of bread. It was delicious and despite him, he ate quickly, too eager to settle himself into the hot bath.
“Oh yes, Castiel is still currently here. The doctors wanted to keep him for observation. He will be coming back to deal with his new position just as soon as you collect your brother,” Naomi voiced. There had been something in her tone that made Dean’s wolf sneer while Pam full on glared at the Beta.
Fifteen minutes later, Castiel was pulling into his driveway. Dean had gone all out of the decorations, four carved pumpkins were lit and in the ends of the three small steps of their porch, their gleeful and shocked faces made Castiel smile. There was a massive spider web made of orange and black lights that took the hole front of the garage door with a giant spider with googly eyes perched in its center. The windows and the whole roof on the second story of their humble house was lit up in orange lights and a large bat was hanging from the center of the house’s peak. There was a graveyard in the front yard with tombstones that moved and haunted screams sounded whenever someone passed it on the sidewalk.
