Then he comes to the conclusion that it is
The guy smiles, and it looks a bit painful, and then he turns around and leaves just as he always does.
i'm so sorry this has taken so long, ishipallthings. i've been feeling pretty dissociated from this fandom for a while now, and it has been very hard to get back into the feel of it enough to write anything decent. anyway, i hope to get this finished as soon as possible, and i hope you all enjoy it :)
getting closer, closer,
“Mmm,” Tony affirmed. “I’ve got you, Steve.”
After a moment the cup was taken away, and then a wet cloth was being settled over his brow. He grimaced, teeth grinding, unsure if the damp cold made him feel better or worse.
“You’re more comfortable than you look, actually.” Tony’s voice held a teasing lilt, the same one he’d been using more and more around Steve lately. It made him feel warm inside, enough to actually start fighting back against the smothering chill. There was a lengthy pause, and then Tony said meaningfully, “Go to sleep, Steve.”
He kicks and Steve just barely jerks out of the way, chuckling as he says, “That the best you can do?”
— Stark!
A startled silence hung in the air. Steve had his head turned, but he could sense Tony’s eyes on him. He was about to stutter out an apology, but suddenly Tony was right there again, saying, “I’m not going anywhere, Steve. I promise. I’m just gonna grab a blanket for us real quick, and then I’ll come right back.”
Tony takes it as a win.
Except whenever they crossed paths that day (which was a lot more often than usual), Tony always smiled at him, a knowing gleam in his eyes. He’d touch Steve more—a brush across his shoulders, a squeeze of his arm, a gentle nudge, a playful poke—and his teasing would hold none of its usual bite.
So he’s not in a great mood when he—after discreetly glaring daggers at Clint while the guy saunters off with that damned innocuous grin—rattles off his usual greeting for the next customer in line and asks for his order.
He’s not exactly a scientist, right, that’s mostly Banner’s gig,
Clint pats him on the back, uncharacteristically sympathetic, but doesn’t say anything.
“Hey, Cap.” Someone grabbed hold of his right hand. “Took a hell of a tumble, there. Scared the shit out of Barnes.”
—but he’s had plenty of practice in ignoring it, so Tony simply grins back and hands the guy the cup.
He’s playing in his workshop like he’s wont to do when Bruce barges in—well, Bruce doesn’t really barge, but he doesn’t even knock this time, so for him, it’s close enough—and asks Tony if he’s read the paper he had sent him.
Steve let out a choked sob, and his eyes flew open. Shivers wracked his body and for a few moments he couldn’t make sense of his surroundings. Images of his nightmare—his
“Tony?”
he wanted to sob. But he couldn’t because even though he might not have been Captain America anymore, he was still the captain of this little ragtag group of fugitives and he’d be damned before he broke down in front of them.
and Steve strained to hear it, to follow it out of his torment. “I won’t let you go.”
The guy’s back again the next morning, and Tony’s so happy to see him that he’s actually a bit disgusted with himself.
, Tony thinks, for no particular reason.
They didn’t discuss it in the morning, not the sleeping in the same space thing, nor the nightmares thing.
Tony doesn’t mean to stare at him. Steve’s shirt is tight, okay. Really tight. It hugs his sculpted torso, flaunting all that muscle and raw strength. He isn’t smiling, but his blue eyes are dancing, because he
“You’re… here?”
Tony’s tugging on clean boxers in complete darkness at one in the morning when he hears the beginnings of muttering, and he smiles fondly to himself. He tries to be silent pulling back the covers on their bed and crawling in, not wanting to disrupt Steve or his nightly mumblings.
Nothing was making any sense.
“Tony,” Steve gasped, opening his eyes.
There was a ringing in his ears that blocked out everything else—focus, Steve,
it anymore.
From somewhere deep inside of him, Steve found the strength to ask, “Is… ev’ryone…?”
The guy looks surprised, like he’s only just realized he has never told Tony, and then says, “I’m Steve.”
. He no longer cares about accidentally waking Steve—he just wraps his arms tightly around him and pulls (heaves) him to his chest, still shaking with mirth.
Tony settles on his side, his arm under his head propping it up. Steve’s head is turned away from him, but he can still see the confused moue to Steve’s pretty lips. He wants to kiss the pout from them, but he wants to hear what else Steve has to say more.
—and that’s a bit of a bummer. And then you have the option of accepting those results—maybe that even means accepting you were
“Hey, Cap.” And look at that, so fucking confident and casual, might as well call him James Bond. Or, actually, no—they should start calling James Bond Tony Stark. “Wanna go a few rounds?”
, he couldn’t do this now, not now, not with Tony
He calls Thor honey bun and gets a satisfying grin for his efforts, calls Clint a Casanova and is rewarded by a delightful split-second of incredulity followed by a pleased sniff, and calls Rhodey buttercup and gets… absolutely nothing—of course, Tony expected this; by now, nothing he does could ever faze one Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes.
this. He likes a good fight, likes to expend all that pent up energy, likes how his own body can twist and turn into physically improbable shapes, can be used exactly how he needs it to be used. Tony thinks something like that will probably never not be thrilling. And he doesn’t blame him, not when he knows how Steve grew up. What his body used to be like.
The use of his name shocks Tony for a split second, renders him speechless for the whole three seconds it takes for the guy to be out the door again. It’s only then that it occurs to him that he has a name tag. That he had actually bothered to wear it today.
“What’s that?”
God, he was
His vision was blurred, but he thought he could make out a silhouette of a person hovering in front of him. Where was he? And
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony likes the way the guy’s cheeks turn pink, so obvious in contrast to his pale skin. “Oh, yeah. It’s—”
Tony doesn’t know what he finds surprising about this reaction, precisely, but surprising it is. Because otherwise he’d have to call it something else—like
, you redo the experiment. Change the question. Manipulate your variables, and do it again and again and
To Tony’s ears, it sounds like a challenge. “Sweetheart, I can kick my leg higher than a cheerleader. Come a little closer, and I’ll show you.”
It is a Friday night, and the entire team is there in the game room. There is pizza and soda and snacks and generally just a bunch of shit that’s terrible for the human body, but it’s been a good week and they’re allowed to indulge every once in a while.
Isn’t that tragic?
screaming, and the ringing in his ears was so loud he didn’t know if he made any noise.
But how can he forget—small black coffee, shot of blueberry.
The next however many hours passed Steve by in a blur. He could only remember snatches of time and conversations, while the rest was a hazy period of endless pain.
knows Steve can’t actually hear him).
But Steve was admittedly clueless at interacting with people when he’d ordinarily tried to keep them at arm's length. So Steve couldn’t bring himself to start treating Tony any differently than he had before, and he didn’t seek him out that night when he was supposed to go to sleep, even though he wanted to.
“T-Tony…?” he asked, quite without meaning to.
“Better?” he asked.
Even Banner is grumbling under his breath—“Told him he should’ve taken the bank shot”—as he passes a bill to Wanda who deftly stuffs it in her pocket and goes back to whatever she was doing on her Starkpad.
He quickly turns away before Steve notices the way he’s caught Tony’s attention, loading up a new plate with a bit of everything. When everyone is settled in a chair somewhere around the kitchen, he goes over and places the plate in front of Steve.
“Everyone else is fine, Steve.” Natasha’s soft voice was right next to his ear, her breath caressing the skin there. “Just focus on yourself, for once. Think you can do that for me?”
Tony shoves his head into his pillow to muffle his laughter, not sure how well he succeeds. He’s starting to clue in to what Steve is talking about, and it amuses him to no end that his husband likes glitter bath bombs. He’s going to buy him all the blue glitter bath bombs in the entire world, just because he can.
Steve snorts and shakes his head, but he doesn’t say anything. Just walks out onto the mat and positions his feet, falling into his habitual warm-up routine. He knows that pads would only be for Tony’s benefit, anyway, and when they first started training together maybe Tony would’ve gotten offended, would’ve thought he was being condescending for even asking, but now he knows that Steve just cares.
, someone completely unremarkable, hair embarrassingly lifeless—honestly, how did this dude even allow himself to leave his house this morning with hair like that—small, pale, and so spectacularly scrawny Tony is frankly shocked the light breeze in the air today hadn’t sent him tumbling down the road all the way to that McDonald’s Tony will never admit to ever having stepped foot in.
Frigid air nipped at his fingertips, his toes. Iciness licked at his skin, a shocking contrast to the warmth of Tony’s body pressed against his, and his teeth chattered, his limbs going numb. He was imagining it, he had to be imagining it. He hadn’t been this cold since—since…
Steve shuddered as another gust of air hit the back of his neck. He was laying rigid, and he was freezing in a way that wasn’t at all reasonable, as if the chill from his dreams had followed him into the waking world. He seemed to only be in his undershirt. Where had his flannel gone? His belt? His shoes?
a brilliant idea to call Wilson a sweet pea—he isn’t one, anyway, so Tony doesn’t know what he was trying to prove there—and determines never to do so again.
until you get the results you want.
Dedicated, relentless, whatever, it’s how he’s got to where he is in his life. It’s how he became Iron Man. It’s how he saved the world a couple or more times.
It was several moments more before Tony replied simply, “You fell asleep.”
It took several minutes of Steve counting Tony’s breaths, every soft inhale and exhale, for him to work up the courage to ask, “What am I doing here, Tony?”
“No problem.” And Tony walks away, gets some breakfast for himself even though he suddenly doesn’t have much of an appetite, and goes to sit next to Wanda. She gives him a look Tony can only describe as
but he thought it purposefully.
thank you for reading! if you get a chance, please leave a comment to let me know what you thought! :)
Tony waves as Steve turns to leave, and knows with certainty this isn’t the last time he’d be seeing him.
Right.
Here’s the thing about Tony.
“FRIDAY, what’s today?”
Tonight was a familiar memory, of going down in the Valkyrie, of ice and snow and death and
Tony is treated to a suspicious glare when he calls Wanda pumpkin and a lecture where “fascinating” is used at least five times when he calls Vision
, or at least he tries not to be so he doesn’t. Flinch or startle. He’s cool as a cucumber.
Steve grimaced. “You don’t have to—”
, but he loves this man
“Hey, Cap, you with me?” Tony’s voice. Tony’s hand on the back of his neck.
So Steve closed his eyes, focused on Tony’s steady breathing, and went back to sleep, trusting that Tony would still be there come morning.
“Is that right?” Tony can’t keep the amused affection from his voice, and he tenderly brushes his fingers through Steve’s soft hair so he knows Tony isn’t mocking him (even though Tony
“It’s Wednesday, the eleventh of April, sir.”
It sounded like… but that was impossible.
He twisted where he lay, feeling trapped by an unknown weight across his middle, and blinked against the darkness of the night. His vision blurred before sharpening into a clarity he was sure no other non-superhuman had ever possessed. The sight before him confused him for only a few seconds before he realized that he was tucked into a couch and was staring at the back of a leather cushion.
Steve was cruelly wrenched from the woolly distortion of his thoughts by his body seizing. For many seconds that felt like an eternal, relentless age, his brain completely blanked.
The hushed voices came from somewhere on Steve’s left. The second was familiar, but the first… well, the first was also somehow familiar, but it put his body on high alert. Enough so that he tried to wrench his eyes open to
Finally, Tony took a breath and said, “Because you needed me.”
And then Wanda slips into the kitchen silently, sitting down at the bar, watching but not really joining in on the interactions. And Tony’s no chef, but he can do simple—he can do sweet. He can stack three pancakes on top of a plate, one on top of the other on top of the other, add a generous helping of whipped cream, and meticulously stick three slices of strawberries around the whipped cream before dusting it with powdered sugar.
She stares up at him with big eyes and then mutters a soft, “Thank you.”
The guy is smiling, which Tony determines to be a good sign, and he takes a small sip of the coffee. When he doesn’t say anything for a few seconds, Tony starts to panic.
Tony rolls his eyes, because it’s what’s expected of him even though there’s no one here (or no one conscious) to expect anything. “Not quite.”
Tony hummed.
“... Why?”
There was a shift—Steve couldn’t tell what gave, what
“Oh,” is the only thing Tony can think to say as his stomach drops, and he wishes he hadn’t said anything at all.
His mind whispered,
Tony’s bogged down with orders, sweating, and swearing for the tenth time that day that he’d quit this shit job when Clint pleads with him to take over as cashier so he can take a call in the back. At his wit’s end, Tony seriously contemplates strangling him, but figures that would just land him with more work to do.
But then Clint comes in and, without saying a word, starts flipping the bacon in the pan. Tony hides a smile because it’s all kind of ridiculous, the lives they lead, but he absolutely loves it.
It was only when the blaring chime in his ears died down that he heard a commotion around and above him, frenzied voices yelling back and forth that he couldn’t quite keep up with.
a pretty intense game. Air hockey is a very serious deal at the Avenger’s compound, and Tony loves the way his heart is racing, blood singing in his veins. He loves the chaos around him, nothing overtly dangerous, just a group of people—a group of friends—enjoying each other’s company very loudly and very enthusiastically.
Steve let him go without further protest, feeling needy and self-conscious. He knew what it was like to sleep next to someone; he’d had to during the war when there were no other options. That was no excuse to have become dependent on it, though.
It just means that he’s
And then Natasha has beaten him before he even realizes what’s happening, and the room might literally be shaking with Thor’s victorious booming, but that might also be Tony’s imagination.
—flashed through his mind like he was watching a film of the worst moments of his life, of a train, an unforgiving, icy ravine, and Bucky
“You can.” Tony’s voice was soft but firm, and Steve froze when he felt Tony’s lips brush over the back of his neck, pressing against his skin in a gentle kiss. “I’m right here, Steve.”
A sound so miserable he was almost embarrassed left his lips, coming out as a half-whimper, half-groan.
Not that it happens every night, but Steve talks in his sleep often enough that the novelty has mostly worn off. Tony still cherishes every incomprehensible musing, though.
Huh. So at least he hasn’t completely lost his mind, yet, that’s gotta count for something.
“Is that—?”
He did.
“Mmm… you smell nice.”
And then Steve comes in—finally—wearing a tight Under Armour shirt and sweatpants—just came back from a run, then—and there’s a minute hint of perspiration on his forehead and an easy smile on his lips, and Tony can’t help but to stare.
“Nah. Pads are for sissies.”
Forget, that is.
Steve
“C’mon, I need you to drink this. It’ll make you feel better.”
"No thank you Steve. I want to stay with Dean." Sam didn't even glance at Steve as he watched Dean sit up.
"Ha! I win!" Tony raised his arms in a victory. "You're done being a dick for today, alright?" He pointed sternly at Dean.
"I meant in the argument, you little shit!" The teen threw a pillow at his giggling brother. "Plus, Nat would give even dad a run for his money. That girl's scary."
"You think this was them?" Loki stopped struggling and looked legitimately shocked.
"Yes, darling?"
"Um," the boy dropped his hand quickly and stared at his plate before speaking. "Dean told me last night that you want to adopt me?"
Blood on his left rib cage: surface wound from when he went through the wall; will need stitches and an alcohol cleanse.
The teen turned his head towards the voice and saw a woman. Dean's eyebrows pressed together as he struggled to figure out who she was. "Math. You're math!" he said excitedly.
The girl abandoned the punching bag and stormed towards her father, her eyes murderous. "You said I'd be safe here! How could you bring that disgusting, dangerous man into our house?!" Natasha screamed.
one Dean wanted to invite to his birthday party. Literally the only one. Do you know he
"Never," Sam responded quickly. "Not once."
"Do you know why?" Tony studied the boy quietly.
“What?” Sam and Dean shared a look, knowing that something was off.
“Papa?” Sam asked softly. “How old were you when you lost your mother?”
“I got a call from Mr. Wilson the other day” Steve paused, thinking about how to continue. “He—he gave me some news.”
All four were silent as Dean thought over the frenzy of the past few hours.
He let Steve’s words pass over him and closed his eyes.
The captain shook his head slowly, then bent over to kiss Tony again, this one much deeper and much more passionate. "Please," he whispered.
“Everything’s going to be fine,” the woman repeated.
, you
"St—Stevie?" Buck whispered.
“You do that. I can sit with him some more. Now that we’ve basically ruled out drugs, I’ll be looking for further symptoms and not just side effects.” Steve gestured for the man to go back downstairs to his lab, grabbing the remaining plate off the tray still in Tony’s arms before re-entering the boys’ bedroom.
“If he even–?”
Sam simply stared at the older boy.
"Their oldest sons are 21 and 18, so don't worry about feeling lost, they'll have plenty of time to focus on the two of you. As for money, trust me, these guys do not need any more. You will not be going without here I can promise you that. Tony is CDO of his company Starktech, and Steve is a former Captain with the army. He teaches history at NYU now to fill his time."
The group ran over and devoured the drinks, moaning at the rich chocolatey taste. The air between the brothers was strained for the ride to the church, but as soon as Sam saw the lights gleaming off the building, his Christmas cheer returned full force and their fight was long forgotten.
"So then, the other foster homes," Bobby concluded.
"Tony—"
“So why do you have a fever?” Steve asked calmly, focusing solely on his distraught son. Looking past the surface anger, the man had seen the unshed tears gathering in Dean’s eyes ever since the couple’s blatant mistrust was confirmed.
The subject was dropped quickly when Natasha pulled her brother aside to lecture him on 'subtly, which I highly doubt you have an ounce of in your entire body'.
Dean sat on his bed, bracing his head in his hands as he tried to breathe.
Knowing when to pick his battles, Steve sighed. “I wish you could see what we do. From where I stand, I couldn't ask for a better version of you.”
“It’s a risk you are going to have to take. And with luck and patience, hopefully they will understand why you told someone,” Thor answered. Clint was still fidgeting with a dish towel, rocking from side to side behind the two, awkwardly glancing about the kitchen.
“What about Pastor Jim?” Sam asked.
"Relax, it literally only happened yesterday," the man chuckled, in a much better state of mind after talking to his husband. "He still has a bunch of paperwork and meetings to go through before they can fly him back, he's guessing he'll be in the air in about a week."
"Clint?" Steve smiled at the surprise. "How did you get your papa's phone?"
"Did you tell him that?"
What the hell?
Dean opened his mouth to respond, but floundered for the words.
, Mr. Wilson. You don’t get to insert yourself in my sob story. And you do
The man eyed Dean warily. "Why do you need it?"
, he thought, before mustering his courage and knocking on the door. Earlier, when Loki, Dean, and Natasha were planning future schemes, the raven-haired teen had realized that he was actually smiling and laughing freely.
“Woah!” Dean sat back up quickly. “The fuck I am! Where did you get that from?”
"Oh my god! Oh my god, babe, you broke my brain, you— oh!" Tony gasped as Steve took him farther down, making gagging and slurping noises every once in a while in between coming up for air.
Just a note: I am going on vacation, so I won't be posting for a couple weeks. Hopefully this EXTRA LONG chapter will tide you over until I get back!!
Dean fought the urge to throw up again as he sipped the water. “Like sunshine and rainbows. How do ya think I’m doin’?” he spat at the engineer. “I just love puking my guts out, don’t you?”
"Hold on, we're not completely saying yes yet. You know that we need to know their history. Whether or not they'd be a good fit with the other kids."
As he worked himself upwards, he reached behind her to undo her bra, which, no surprise, he got in one snap. Becky fumbled for a minute actually removing her shirt completely and removing her bra before Dean attacked her breasts with his mouth and hands.
"Their names are Steve and Tony. Steve is an ex-military Captain and Tony is an engineer. They have two adopted sons already with their eyes on a third." Mr. Coulson explained.
"I don't understand why you're doing this Dean." Steve told him as they were driving back from the clinic.
"I've read it. Come on, I'll make sure you get a passing grade so you don't bring down the grade point average of the house by inventing plot lines and similes."
"Ah." Was Tony's response.
"No! Dean, we would never! That has nothing to do with—"
Hello all! I hope everyone is having a wonderful holiday! :)
Mr. Wilson cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow at Dean. "May I come in your room?" He smiled.
On a separate note, a very Happy Thanksgiving to all my fellow Canadians :)
"Dean, that's extremely inappropriate. Stop." Steve managed to say out of clenched teeth.
“Fine.” The teen paused to think. “I’m sorry for being such a dick. And for worrying all of you when I was hurt. And for running off and getting drunk. It- it wasn’t cool. I don’t blame you all for hating me.”
That's how the police found them hours later with the news that Clint's dad had driven the rest of the family into a tree, leaving the siblings, once again, without a home.
Steve smiled and reached a hand out to squeeze the teen’s knee. “Thank you for all of your apologies. We forgive you.”
"I would never expect that, but I'm getting the sense that this is about more than that." Mr. Coulson was frustratingly calm in the face of the annoyed teenager. "I think you're blaming yourself for what happened."
"Try me"
After dinner, Steve pulled Dean aside.
The two are quiet for a moment. "One day at a time, eh Tones?" Steve whispers.
The Captain shouldered his bags and made a beeline for the door and Tony trailed behind, smiling. As they both expected, the second Steve opened the door, he was hit with two little bundles of energy.
Tony chuckled and held out a steaming mug towards the teen. “Yeah, I getcha. We made some hot chocolate for you guys.”
Steve barked in a loud laugh and kissed the man with as much love as he could, then left the room, leaving Tony blinking in awe after him.
“How’s he doing?” Tony asked as he entered, shutting the door behind him.
“We know the truth, little brother. The rest will follow.”
"Did they?" the teen asked urgently, needing to know if he completely failed in protecting his little brother.
Dean didn't know how to respond. The room lay silent until Clint reached for the picture Dean had dropped of Sam in the bath.
"That sucks," the woman knelt down to look Clint in the eye. "Can I help you find a new home? I promise that you'll be safe and warm and fed if you come with me." The officer looked at Natasha next. "You'll be safe. You can trust me."
"Your dad is talking to Loki right now about what he said, because he never should've said it. Do you hear me, Clint?" Steve paused to make the boy look at the screen again. "You are not 'simple' because you don't read the same books as Loki, you have dyslexia and that's not a bad thing at all. Remember why?"
"I-" the men were quiet as they let the boy find the words. "I don't-" Dean ran a hand down his face. "Fuck. I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking. I just-I guess I just needed-to feel good? To-to feel-connected? I don't know! I just-I-" Dean's breathing picked up as he was talking.
"It's been two years, Dean. What if–what if he doesn't want us anymore?" Sam was focusing intently on the pillow in his hands, gripping it so tightly Dean could see the boy's knuckles start to go white.
"Bucky!" Steve laughed again. "You don't even ask if he has a sister?"
Tony sighed as he ran a hand over his face. "Yeah. Sure. Go get any weapons you have and leave it on our bed. Then go to bed kid."
Dean couldn't sleep, not with leaving things like that with Sam. He listened for the boy's breathing to confirm he was, indeed, asleep, then quietly threw off his covers, grabbed his phone, and went to the bathroom.
The room was deathly quiet before the eruption of noise and commotion.
With another smirk, the man replied: "Well, since you asked so nicely," then proceeded to tug the front of his pants and underwear until the seams gave way, leaving the man completely naked with nothing but red lines to show where the materials had given way. Immediately, Steve's dick bounced up and Tony licked his lips at the sight.
Both Thor and Natasha cringed at the memory.
The two men listened as Dean climbed the staircase and were still until they heard the door close quietly above them. Tony collapsed into the back of the couch.
The teen's heart broke. He was so excited to see Tony, and–the man doesn't even want him? He probably never wanted Dean. He's a fourteen-year-old with problems a mile high–of course, he didn't want him. None of his foster parents ever wanted him; they showed him just how much with their words, their fists and their belts. Not to mention when they made him serve his 'only useful purpose.'
"Is there anything else you want to ask us?" Tony asked Sam.
Tony held up a hand, and the fear-filled ramblings cut off abruptly. The father instantly wished he had thought through that action more carefully. “Don’t worry about it. You aren’t getting out of bed until you get more rest. And you’re acting like I’ve never cleaned up puke before, Dean. Trust me, there isn’t a person in this house whose puke I haven’t cleaned up,” Tony concluded.
"Tony!" the Captain interrupted, blushing furiously.
"Tony, are we really doing this now?" Steve asked his husband.
"No," the captain pulled back slightly to look at Tony. "I
Sighing, the teen accepted defeat and slumped back in his seat.
"No!" Dean shouted. "No, um, thank you, I just um, I'll meet you in the library? Gotta get everything from my room."
"So what do you like to do?" Steve inquired.
Dean was currently in school. More specifically in the room above the gym stage that was known for being ‘the couples spot’. Honestly the school should’ve locked the door as soon as they put a couch in it, what did they think was gonna happen?
Steve chuckled and shook his head. “When I told him ‘I love you’ for the first time, he said ‘ditto’ and bought me an island.” The man knew he was rambling–a desperate attempt to reduce the overwhelming tension in the room–but he couldn’t bear the broken look on his son’s face.
Feeling his son in his arms, Steve knew that he wouldn’t hesitate to die for this boy, just like any other of his children and made a silent promise to a man he never knew:
“Dean? I need to know where the rest of the pills are,” Tony interrupted, shooting Steve an apologetic look.
“I was Protestant long before I knew I liked men, and it was very hard for me to come to terms with my sexuality.” The man began. “However, I believe that God doesn’t make mistakes and that people do, so the fact that the church is against homosexuals doesn’t mean that God is.”
"Well yeah, but treasure hunt sounds cooler," the-thirteen-year old grinned cheekily.
"Yeah, Dean?" the boy responded, distracted with making sure all his books were where they were supposed to be.
That's all a nine-year-old Natasha could see as she let the sound of low grunting and squeaking wash over her.
"Alright," the woman leaned forward in her chair to make sure that she had Dean's full attention. "Before I say anything, know that I got his permission to tell you this. You're his best friend, Dean, and he doesn't know why you do anything that you do. I have never given him any information about you that isn't on your records, and he figures out most things on his own, I just ask the right questions to help him along."
“Better get to it then.” The girl snarked right back.
The Captain beamed as he stood up and went to the next child he saw, Thor.
Steve and Tony were beaming with pride and joy at the emotional output Bruce shared, but knew not to linger on it. "And how about you?" Steve asked, looking pointedly at Clint.
The new family also meant that Natasha had to go to school, a place she hadn't been to since their mother left. So, with a hug to Clint and a hand on Barney's old backpack, she took a deep breath and walked into the schoolyard. Clint's step-mother kept asking her if she'd made friends. It was hard to make friends when you refused to talk to them.
Natasha glared at the man. These disgusting men had touched her baby brother, the one good person Natasha had left, and they were going to pay.
"Is today a touching day?" Steve asked as he sat beside Bruce.
"Dean, we're home." The teen continued to stare out the window. Tony sighed and started shaking Dean's shoulder, jumping back when the boy reacted suddenly–he flinched violently away from the touch, pressed himself against the door of the car, and watched Tony with wide eyes.
"Where the
"No, but, I mean, they're a lot and-"
"She says to just play it by ear now that you're back, and that hopefully, everything will go back to normal."
"Phil Coulson told us John was in a biker gang," Tony explained.
“And were you ever tested after those times?”
“I’ll wash the dishes, Dean, don’t worry about it. Oh! And before I forget, you have an appointment with Dr. Mills tomorrow night,” Steve reminded the teen.
Dean's smile fell. "What do you mean? He always comes back for us, right? What makes this time any different?"
Dean made sure he stood a step in front of his brother, not knowing what the men had in mind.
"Yeah, but he didn't stop. He kept using big words."
"She–" Dean glanced at the man and his two foster siblings before hanging his head and saying as quickly as he could, "She was begging me to keep going, not to stop, to go faster. And she asked if I had a condom."
"Are you going to accept?"
Well, this is it for the sequel, but not for the series!! I have so many things planned for this universe, so make sure to subscribe to the series to get the latest updates!!
Enjoy!!
"Don't you dare, Steven Grant Stark," Tony pointed his fork at the man. "You are saving Bucky and that is final."
Dean scoffed and continued to glance around the room, ignoring the man.
"Papa!" Clint exclaimed upon seeing the man.
"Does it matter? It's–"
Steve placed his hand on Tony's arm, silencing him. "We know you're protecting Sam, and that's really great. But we need to have some rules too. Can we talk about that?"
When the world came back into focus, Natasha found herself crouched on the ground with both Steve and Tony sitting a respectful distance away.
For someone who claimed to work with children, his office was a dud. Dean nonchalantly examined the office of beige walls, stacks of paper three feet high and a computer that looked like it hadn't been upgraded since 1992.
"Without question." The father continued, reaching up with his other hand to gently card through Loki's dark hair. "I love you so much that when I think about anything happening to you, my chest physically aches."
"So Sam how was your day?" Steve interrupted.
“I’m guessing we just have to accept that. In any case, if you used your allowance to buy it, just a reminder that that’s not why we give you that money. Spend it responsively and all that jazz,” Tony sighed as he ruffled a hand through his hair.
“Hey, Dean, you okay?” Steve asked softly,  bending down a little so to catch the teen’s eye. The question broke Dean’s concentration and the world snapped back into place. The family was currently having a pizza party to celebrate with Mr. Coulson, Mr. Wilson, and even Bobby. The noise from the kitchen and dining room saturated the air and travelled into the den where Dean had escaped to.
Dean took a big breath, then let it all out before he answered. "I don't know. I'm sorry, I know you want me to talk to you, but I don't know."
“You don’t want this one? You can pick any car you want. Take a look around the garage, hell take a look around the internet, tell me which car and I’ll buy it for you,” the man interrupted, reminding Dean that his foster dad wasn’t just wealthy, but fucking rich.
genetics, something was bound to go awry."
Nat nodded and turned herself and Clint around to follow the woman. As the siblings climbed in the car, Natasha closed her eyes, and let the feeling of freedom overtake her.
"Nope," the man responded. "She peaced right out."
"Papa, you're gonna call when you're gone, right?" Clint asked during dinner the night before the man left.
Thor beamed as he responded "Quarterback."
"Yes, but that has nothing to do with you." Tony took a step forward carefully. "We fought for a wonderful boy who had to live through something unimaginable and needed a home full of love to live in. Someone who needed good parents that would do anything to make him feel safe and happy. That's why we fought so hard, Loki, because you deserve much more than you'd been getting."
"Ugh, spoilsport," the genius replied, sticking out his tongue, only to receive another pillow to the face. The two teased each other lightly as they pulled their clothes on, still in awe to be in each other's presence again, as if nothing had changed in the slightest.
The teen bit back a sob, staying in the embrace just a little longer before letting go and hiding his face.
"My favourite? Umm. Gee I don't know, there are just so many-"
"Yes, Dean. Of course you did." Sam sat up and pushed his blankets to the side. "I don't know what it's like to be hungry or beaten, or locked in a closet," he added, giving Dean a pointed look.
"It's never been quite so bad before, but I-yes."
Steve chuckled lightly as he kissed his husband. "That's why you love me. Now. Let's take care of our newest son."
“Do you have anything against a good night’s sleep?” he spat out in a whisper.
The man's smile vanished.
"Of not what?" Clint asked, returning with the wipes.
The man grinned, gesturing for the kids to follow him. "I have...friends. They'll pay a pretty penny to play wit' ya."
"Okay, let me–"
"It's been a long day for everybody, why don't we order some pizza and watch a movie?" Tony suggested when the rest of the Stark residents came to greet them upon their return.
“Well, I’m off to bed,” he said, standing up and giving in to a full-body stretch. “You coming?”
Steve smiled softly and pulled the ten-year-old onto his lap and wrapped him in a hug. "I'll do my best, sweetheart. I'm only leading the mission through video and radio feeds, so I should be perfectly safe in the compound, Sam."
Loki thought as he gathered all the clothing into the garbage can and left the door swinging behind him.
"Nah, too much cleanup. Left him with a warning."
Finally, the door swung open to an equally agitated Loki.
." Steve used his Captain voice and Tony immediately stopped and his full attention was on his husband. "Sit. Down."
"No better time, honeybunch. Sam and Dean are going to be distracted by looking through those boxes and aren't going to notice us talking with the others." Tony explained, rising on his tiptoes to kiss the soldier's cheek.
"Does fighting count?" Dean smirked. Tony and Steve looked to each other.
“He’s not going unless everyone agrees, and it’s not an active combat mission so he’s not going to be in too much danger,” Tony explained, finally getting control of the room.
Clint nodded, then wrapped Dean in a tight hug. Both Steve and Sam could see Dean tense, then melt into the hug, pulling Clint close before letting go.
skin underneath.
Steve could hear the smile in his husband's voice in his response. "One day at a time."
The teen shook his head, then paused, before nodding slightly. "Maybe?"
Steve reached out to ruffle Tony’s hair in jest. “Nice try, mister, but Pepper would have both our heads if I let you miss those meetings. I’ll do my afternoon classes by video conference. I’m sure my students would love the excuse to stay in their pajamas.”
"We know that things haven't exactly been easy since bringing Sam and Dean in, and we want to make sure everyone is still okay," Steve explained further.
"Alright, then, everyone get their bags and lunches," he ordered, watching as the chaos around him unfolded.
' he mouthed, '
"Oh, okay." The boy thought for a moment. "Toothless?"
"Oh." The line went quiet. "Bobby? Can you pick us up?" Tears started to well up once more. He wanted to be with someone that wanted him, and Bobby never said no to watching the boys.
"Yeah, okay Dean."
Rufus sighed. "Sorry, kid. Not in a while. Although I haven't asked Bobby, he might know more than I do. You got a pen?"
The only sound was Dean's rough breathing. He was bent over with his head almost at his knees as he tried to catch his breath. Steve kept rubbing the teen's back and whispering words of reassurance. Tony, for the first time, was calm. He watched Dean struggle to breathe and his anger disappeared as quickly as it came.
"He is, actually. I didn't want him to just come in, in case you were having a bad day or something."
"Loki," Dean, started, setting down the laptop on the chair beside him and pushing up the sleeve of the arm, revealing more of the marred skin. "Loki, who's doing this to you?"
Cowering in the corner, Clint watched with wide eyes as more blood pooled around his sister's feet, silent tears tracking down his face. "Is he okay?"
Tony whistled in appreciation. “Now that’s a car.”
Mr. Wilson was quiet.
“Hey,” the engineer’s voice hardened. “You didn’t let me hide away with my emotions, like ever, so payback is a bitch. Just tell me what’s going on in that head of yours right now.”
"I'm telling you to. Play the rich kid game: go to college, buy a house, have kids–
The soldier's eyes misted a little as he gasped silently. "Uncle Bucky, eh? I like the sound of that," he whispered.
"I'm sorry, it must be like, three in the morning. I'll call back later—"
The next morning, Tony had breakfast ready to go as usual.
"You must train a lot!" Sammy spat out, openly admiring Thor's bulk. The adults laughed at the young boys' remark as he sputtered an apology. Thor squatted in front of Sam as he responded.
have a drug problem–"
"Happy birthday, Dean!" the thirteen-year-old looked up with wide eyes and a brilliant smile. Dean, however, was fighting the knee-jerk reaction to slam his fist over the boy's head.
“I-” the soldier stopped to take another breath. “I think being back overseas in the base, and-and just...being
get those drugs.
Dean tuned out his little brother, occasionally muttering 'uh-huh' and 'that's so interesting'. He just needed to wait until Sam went to bed. Dean needed to talk to his foster dads. Preferably before tomorrow.
She found out what 'play' meant a few hours later in the very room her mother had overdosed in, not thinking about what the sheet-covered lump the men dragged out was.
It caused shivers to climb up Deans back.
"I'll do my best. And only if you all do the same."
"How do you want to do this?" Steve asked, kissing and nipping Tony's neck.
father’s neck, holding onto the man just as tightly.
"What's this about?" the teen asked as he and the two men sat around the breakfast table. Dean was very aware of how much this resembled their conversation just a few weeks earlier.
Steve almost threw Tony off of him with how forcefully he arched his back. He gripped the engineer's hair so tightly that he had to force his hand to relax a couple of times out of fear he was hurting the man.
“How ya doin, bud?” Tony asked, handing Sam a mug of hot chocolate and holding another out to Dean.
"Hey, Sam?" Dean whispered, breaking the quiet.
"When you have secrets to hide, you learn not to let anyone close enough to care," the teen snapped.
"So, Nat, does that make sense?" Steve asked again.
Just like Dean predicted, Loki didn't change his stripes after their talk. The other teen was sullen and bitter in his grounding from Tony, but he didn't lash out or actively insult anyone for a good week after the incident.
Reaching out, Sam touched the back of his hand to Dean’s forehead; he recoiled instantly, and his face went blank with shock.
"Really? I don't need to know that our sons were abused?"
"Look Dean," Tony reached for the teen's hand. "Just because something feels good, doesn't mean it's good for us. My body aches for things it can't have every day and it sucks! But if I have those things they'll kill me. Does that make sense?"
“Shh, Sammy–it’s okay!” Dean reached out for Sam’s hand, gripping it as tightly as he dared. “You know how I get on painkillers. They knock me right out! Everything is completely fine! C’mon, you don’t–you don’t have to worry about me!”
Tony hugged his husband in return. "I get it. We've been through a lot, we can work through this. But Steve." Tony pushed himself out of Steve's arms. "What if we screw it up? What if we scar them for life?"
“No one,” Dean answered bitterly. “Dad didn’t have many friends and he wasn’t too friendly to the ones that he did have. I’m guessing it’s gonna be us and maybe some people that knew him from the marines or something.”
“Hey, Mr. Wilson. What are you doing here?”
Dean looked down at the signed piece of paper in his hands with awe. It was done. He was adopted. He had a permanent home, and parents that loved him, and even more siblings to look out for and get on his nerves.
"Clint how did archery practice go?" Steve asked as he cut into his chicken.
Once in the privacy of the bathroom, Dean dialled one of the two numbers he knew by heart.
"I–I think I'd really like that," Sam whispered, glancing up at Tony through his bangs with a small smile.
“Yes, sweetheart, what about it?” Steve asked, smiling.
Steve pulled the shorter man to their bed and pushed him in before climbing in beside him and pulling up the covers.
The teen smiled softly before reaching into his jeans and pulling out a crumpled piece of paper. “I know just the one.”
"I miss dad."
Every step felt heavier and heavier, as if he was trying make himself a part of the earth. As Steve closed the door behind him, he pictured a prison cell slamming shut.
Dean realized they were in front of the house. He unbuckled his seatbelt and started to climb out.
Rufus wrote down the number from memory and returned the pen. "I really hope you find him, Dean. He's a bastard, but no kid deserves to be without a dad."
, Tony." Steve clutched his husband closer to him and tried to tell him how much he needed this with his tear-filled eyes.
"You...made..?" Dean was piecing the puzzle together. "Starktech. You create all the technology for Starktech. That's why you're so rich."
"She–uh, well, she was kissing me–"
Clint's father, however, claimed that Clint was still too young for school and it was decided that he would watch the boy at home while the rest of the kids gone. That first day, Natasha was greeted with a big smile and a tackled hug from her younger brother and it warmed her to know he was happy. She didn't need friends, she had Clint.
Dean closed his eyes and leaned into Steve's touch.
Dean was in so much agony that through his tears, he never noticed Steve's soft words in his ear or the man's delicate fingers carding through his hair, easing him into slumber.
Coupled with the pain still emanating from his side, the mess in his head made it impossible to sleep.
Waiting for his heart to calm down, Dean slowly pulled himself up. Cautiously, he peered over the side of the bed, hoping to gage the man’s reaction and make a break for it, if necessary.
Not wanting to upset the man any further, Dean exerted the last of his energy pushing himself up to lean against the headboard. Tony attempted to prop a pillow behind his back for comfort but stopped when the boy flinched and narrowed, nervous eyes froze him in place. Instead, the man passed over the glass of water, making sure Dean had a good grip before he let go.
Shrugging, Dean muttered: "Sure."
I've decided all of you are going to be my beta. So let me know if you see any spelling/grammatical errors please :)
"How did you–"
"Nat!" Someone screamed.
"Because I didn't want to see that my hero was being used as a punching bag. I also knew how you would react if I ever asked; you would feel like you failed to protect me." Finally, the ten-year-old turned his head to face the teen. "It's how you're feeling now, isn't it?"
“Oh Dean, darling, they’re doctors! They would never hurt you!” Steve tried to comfort the boy.
The two sat until the embers were a dull red, not saying anything to the other until Dean was satisfied enough to say that the ghost of Odin wouldn’t be coming back any time soon.
Tony finally tugged down the man's briefs, silently asking him to step out before he stood straight once more and cupped the tear-stained face in his hands. "There's my beautiful husband," he smiled.
“My father was Jewish,” Tony responded offhandedly. “As much as I didn’t care for him, it doesn’t feel like the holidays without one.”
Steve laughed and buried his face in his husband's neck. "I see how this is going, eh? I do all the work and you get to sit back and relax."
"You knew about that?" Dean asked sheepishly.
Steve shifted Tony so the man was sitting properly in his lap before leaning towards the boy. “Why do you think that?”
"Dean?" Sam whispered once more.
Thor just nodded in reply, still staring into the flames.
Sam nodded and pulled away, reaching for his suit jacket.
"Dean," Bobby said. The man swallowed, followed by a dull thud. Dean knew that sound. It was the sound of a whiskey glass hitting a wooden table. "Are you in any danger?" Bobby asked.
She smiled at the man that had been so patient and kind through every temper tantrum and setback she had, and responded: "Yes please, Papa."
"Of course I do, buddy!" Dean quickly reassured the boy, placing his hands on his little brother's shoulders. "I'm not going anywhere. I just–I don't know if I'm ready to let go of my dad just yet," he admitted for the first time.
"If that's what you wanna hear then sure." Dean winked at Steve before digging into his plate, effective ending the conversation.
“What? You do?” Dean was taken aback. He hadn’t even started speaking yet!
“Fight at school,” the teen responded immediately.
He knew that accent. Brooklyn.
"I wish I were there, Love. I'd hold you right now and just whisper that everything's gonna be alright now," Tony smiled. "He's safe and sound now because of you, Steve."
Uncle Bobby
“Yeah, bud?”
"Nat!" Tony chided.
Sam sighed heavily. “I always thought there was a chance Dad would show up, you know? Even if he left that morning for a hunt I thought ‘maybe this year he’ll come back in time’. Stupid, huh? Now- now there’s no chance of him coming,” he whispered.
"Dean our kids don't do drills," Tony explained. Dean was silent.
One day at a time.
The older boy frowned and searched his memory. "What do you mean? He hasn't said anything to you like last time, right?"
“Why should you even care?” Loki attempted to pull his arm away halfheartedly, with such little strength that Dean had the thought that it was merely a formality to the other boy to try and get away.
ENJOY!!!
The next session Dean walked in and she was wearing a turtleneck sweater and started by asking him about his relationship with his mother.
"Well," Sam broke the quiet in a small voice. "What if we made him some 'get well soon' cards? That way he can know that, even if he's not ready to meet us, we're supporting him anyways?"
Happy Posting Day!!
“Those aren’t from them! They’ve never hurt me!” Dean shouted. There was no way that he was going to let two of the only genuine people he’d ever met go to jail.
Phil dropped two folders on the desk, each with a picture of a child paper clipped to the outside.
"Steve? Can I try?" Dean's voice was small, interrupting the man. Steve nodded and gestured for Dean to go ahead.
“But, those aren’t—”
“You would do that?”
“Simple question Dean.”
Dean cursed himself.
“Dean?” Mr. Wilson prompted.
"Not now. Where is Sergeant Barnes?" the Captain was in no mood for pleasantries until he saw his best friend alive in person.
Soon, the forks slowed and the meal was over. Bruce started collecting everyone's plate and Sam and Dean quickly stood to help him.
"In all honesty? Only if provoked. Although I do believe Bruce is safe considering his demeanor."
"You're coming back, right?" Sam asked, big brown eyes shimmering.
Steve gave the boy a tight hug. "I can do that. I'll bring you back some sand."
what I want for Christmas! Since you already seem to know!” Dean huffed, standing up from his armchair and glanced around at the walls of the room in avoidance.
, Steve thought,
The family laughed at the innocence of the question as Steve answered. "Her teachers are aware of the situation and she has other assignments instead." Steve was glad to see Nat smiling at the boy instead of being offended at the question. Dean on the other hand was staring at Steve again.
"Okay then. First off, threatening people? Not okay," Tony shook Steve's arm off him. "After tonight I don't want to hear you threaten anybody with death. Or maiming. Or bodily harm of any kind basically."
The captain smiled. "I know."
“Steve, what the hell?! I thought we weren’t leaving him alone!” Tony whispered when the door was closed behind them.
“No, Sam is a smart kid.”
Not missing a beat, Tony chimed in. “Then you’ll have to make some new traditions!” the man flung his arms wide in a dramatic fashion to liven up the dreary turn the conversation turned. “Shop around! See what you like, do some research, invent a holiday!”
Steve gave the engineer a warning look. "Tony,
And now back to our regularly scheduled programming!
"It's the police," Nat explained, continuing to walk unfazed. It wasn't until the police officer stood directly in front of the siblings that the girl stopped walking and looked up.
"And what do we do when someone is bothering us?" Steve asked, he couldn't help but smile at this small problem he was helping to fix. No matter what's going on in the rest of the world, Steve knew that his kids needed him, and that was the best feeling he could ever ask for. "What was that? I can't hear you, sweetheart," he prompted again.
“I’m guessing that’s a ‘no’ on the soup.”
“Tony and I have taken care of all the kids when they’ve been sick, not to mention all the times we’ve gotten sick ourselves. We know how to help. You can trust us, Sam. Dean is in good hands, so please just relax. Getting worked up isn’t going to help anyone, including Dean.”
Dean threw his head back and laughed at the innocence of the question. "No, Sammy, she's not a monster. We just had a disagreement, and as always, your big bro came out on top!"
"Nah. Sammy's the smart one, I'm the pretty one." He winked at his brother which made him giggle into his salad.
A huge thank you to my beta morrismsteph!!
"Why don't you want to get adopted?"
"And?"
“What?” Dean mumbled in response, not yet fully awake.
"Dean!" Steve called from the car. The teenager sighed and turned around to see the man gesturing for him to come back.
Climbing back into his bed, Sam returned his gaze to the ceiling and listened as Dean once again collapsed down into his own, face smashed against his pillow. The two were once again bathed in quiet.
"Is he gonna move in?" Sam asked.
Fighting not to scream, the teen breathed deeply until the pain dissipated enough to sense his surroundings once more.
Apologizes for the unintentional hiatus! Back to our regularly scheduled programming!
“Dean?” The teenager was left stunned at the sight of the engineer. The man was usually unkempt when he was down in the labs, but now he was wearing an Armani suit with the shirt untucked, the pants and jacket ruffled, and the tie askew. Not to mention Tony’s hair–usually perfectly styled and coiffed–was much the same as Steve’s–wild.
“That’s mine!” Dean exclaimed when he got a good look at the object, rushing over and taking the gun from Steve.
"I don't- I don't really understand exactly what you mean, but I trust your experience. And I trust that you're looking out for me." He finally spoke.
Mr. Wilson smiled back before squeezing the teens shoulder and standing up, attempting to pry Sam away from the internet.
"I'm really proud of you Dean."
"Tony…" Steve warned the man once more.
"Yup. Dumped a vial of holy water in the water jug, watched as everyone sprinkled salt on their food and the cutlery was already silver so I didn't even have to replace it." He responded, flopping onto his own bed.
A huge thank you to my new beta morrismsteph!!
The Monday after their midnight fire, Dean and Loki walked into the school building together and exchanged a 'we'll see' glance before parting ways. Odin hadn't been back since. The teen's mood had only gotten better the longer he realized that the reign of the man that tried to kill him truly was over.
"Hey!" Tony snapped. "We haven't met him, we don't know where he is. You know you can't say things like that. It's not fair to the man." He chided.
"Off. Off," Tony pushed Steve's shirt higher, needing to feel the man's skin. The blond pulled back just far enough to whip the shirt off his head and pull Tony's shirt off as well before returning to the man's neck.
“Everyone calm down,” Tony stood up and tried to get the children to settle down. Steve, on the other hand, was overwhelmed and hid his face in Sam’s hair.
The girl continued to ignore the men and simply sat in front of the sink, watching the colour fall once more. They ruined the numb, the fear and helplessness were coming back.
You didn’t accept the apology.
"Yeah?"
The teen quickly assessed his injuries as the hunter started to burn the bodies further down the field.
The teen gave a small smile and nodded. “Yeah, yeah, that makes sense,” he agreed, before placing his hand on top of Steve’s and squeezing tightly. He closed his eyes and took a cleansing breath, then, with every ounce of sincerity the boy possessed, held Steve’s hand and gaze and told the man: “
"Um, you said if I feel I need to spar more just to ask you, and–"
They came to this house every day while mommy got her medicine to feel good, then they went to the park! It was like this every day.
Christmas Eve came with the excited voices of Clint and Sam singing every Christmas song they knew, making Natasha and Dean share matching looks of wanting to smother their respective siblings.
"Dr. Mills?"
"It's me, Buck. I'm here. I got you."
“I feel incredibly safe with Steve and Tony,” Natasha stated bluntly, poised gracefully, face blank.
Surprise!!!
“I better be getting some or I’ll hold you down and sit on your face instead.” Becky teased back, making Dean moan and his hips jump.
“The fuck is that?” Morita asked, leaning closer.
“Of course, young scholar. How may I be of assistance?” Thor abandoned the sink and turned to completely face his youngest sibling.
While Sam showed the others what they'd already discovered, Tony gestured to Dean to come with him to the kitchen. Confused, Dean followed, sparing a glance behind him at his foster siblings rifling through his father's things.
Loki nodded and moved past Dean to exit the pantry.
Steve’s breath hitched in emotion and surprise, then, biting back tears, smiled and nodded. “Dean,” the man attempted to collect himself, then slowly pulled his son into a tight hug, holding the boy closely to his chest.
"Left."
"What?" Tony asked, confused with the attention.
“Dean, darling,” Steve interrupted. “Every person in this room has some form of abandonment issue. You leaving as you did might’ve triggered some people, but it had nothing to do with
The boy's face was red in embarrassment, his hands fidgeting in his jeans as he revealed the details to his pseudo siblings. Steve smiled and squeezed Dean's shoulder before turning back to Natasha.
Steve was the only one who actually sat in the offered chairs. Tony was pacing and talking to the kids that they had hastily left back home.
“Three,” the teen whispered.
"You mentioned there were threats of violence?" Steve was now looking through one of the files in front of him.
“So you know–”
“Men,” the teen whispered.
"Oh no. With words like that there was definitely a reason." Tony looked pointedly at him. "Out with it."
Nat pushed her big brother away. "Ew, Thor! I don't want to know about
"Yup. Need a ride back into town?" The hunter shrugged off the thanks in typical hunter fashion.
Dean thought he could fight, but he was nothing compared to Nat. It was all he could do to defend himself as she punched, kicked and tried her damndest to get him down.
Dean nodded. “They– honestly they’re the best people I’ve ever met.”
"No. Dean. I don't. The most we have is an extremely advanced security system and a baseball bat by the bed and the front hall closet." Steve responded. "Guns kill in an instant. If one of the kids were to find it I could never live with myself. Yes I know how to use weapons. I know how to kill and incapacitate in seconds. I had the highest kill count in my squadron. But Dean. Every one of those lives I took? I remember them. I mourn them. I don't play with human lives that easily that I would have something to take it away laying around. So again. I have to insist. No. Weapons."
"What's that mean?"
"Yeah. Yeah, I heard you, Dean," Sam whispered.
Steve stood up from the table. “You certainly look sick.” The man reached out to check his temperature.
Sam leaned into the embrace offered by Tony, whereas Dean brushed off the hand Steve placed on his shoulder, constantly fighting back the tears threatening to spill. Many well-wishers stopped to convey their condolences to the Winchester boys, most wearing flannel or plaid and carrying a bottle of alcohol.
Sam pulled his hand away and shrunk in his seat. "So you drink then?"
she typed through blurry eyes.
The man was met with a small shrug.
Clint was looking between his sister and the woman, confused. "'Tasha? Why are you not talking to the nice lady?" The girl simply shook her head at the boy and continued walking. They didn't have time for this, they were
Slowly, Steve reached out a hand and placed it on Dean’s knee, smiling when the teen pushed back a little in acceptance and looked him in the eye for the first time.
"Because we love you and we want you to be the best person you can be," Tony replied without blinking. "And to do that, you need to learn from your mistakes and understand how to break unhealthy patterns. That means hard discussions sometimes, kiddo."
“You two are the only ones who actually give a crap about me. About how I’m doing and how I’m feeling. And–I can’t apologize enough for how much trouble I’ve been.” The teen took a deep breath and closed his eyes tight. “All the stress I’ve caused you with having to get me from school two days in a row, to me using those stupid pills and leaving you with that damn hospital bill. I’ll do my best to pay you back, but I don’t know if I ever can. I–I’m so sorry.”
Brought back memories of our birth parents
"Not by John, right?" Bobby asked quietly.
The girl glared harder at the man.
Dean sighed and finally took pity on the other teen. "No. I did it because it's no big deal and I know he would've been embarrassed if everyone thought he did it. He doesn't owe me anything and he'll never owe me for doing something he didn't ask for. That's just what siblings do, Loki. We-" he paused, looking down at the ground. "We look out for each other. Protect each other, ya know?"
"Tones, thank you, but-"
high; I’m starting to worry. And you’re sleeping so much! I’ve seen you awake for like
Keep watching out for Sam.
"I think you're wearing too many clothes," the blond teased, then bent over and began to undo Tony's belt with his mouth, something he was very proud to have learned before they started dating. Just as Steve knew it would, Tony went wild and bucked his hips while tangling his hands in the soldier's short hair. Teasing the zipper of Tony's jeans down with his teeth, he peeked through his eyelashes to see his husband red and panting, his mouth completely slack-jawed as he watched the man undress him.
Dean rolled his eyes and gestured for the two men to come in. Mr. Wilson walked into the room and knelt beside the teen.
"Well, after the third place with the couple that smelled of cigarettes. But, yeah."
"Oh? Why not?" Steve wasn't expecting that response.
"Dean," Jody spoke once the teen went quiet. "That was an amazing discovery about yourself, and I am so proud of you for making it."
“Don’t lie to me, kid. Don’t you dare, not with what we’ve gone through.”
Leaving the broken man behind him, Dean ran up the stairs, once again taking a measured breath before entering his and Sam's room.
The boy ran off, no doubt dripping syrup along the way, to do as his father asked. Steve made his way to the table and greeted the rest of his children.
Panting, Steve rested on his elbows hovering above the man's dripping wet cock. The soldier's face was covered in spit and precum and flushed from arousal and exertion. Taking one look at his husband's debauched face, Tony pulled him up to kiss him, not caring in the slightest that his beard was getting covered in his own spunk.
"Where is everyone?" Sam asked, rubbing his eyes.
"I figured it out!" Steve exclaimed as he kissed his husbands cheek. Tony, on the other hand, had no idea Steve was there and paperwork and tools alike went flying as he jumped out of his chair in surprise.
"Because you still don't trust us, I will let you have one knife. But. You keep it in a locked box under your bed and you never take it out unless you fear someone's life is in danger." Steve conceded. "And, you give it to us when you trust us."
Once again, this chapter has NOT been edited by anyone other than me! On a completely related note, a huge HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my beta morrismsteph!!!!
"Doesn't mean that Dean does too," Steve finished. Walking over to the bed, Steve crawled over top of his husband, resting on his elbows to look down at the genius. "I think we should at least talk to the man. You said how he was pretty much a father figure to the boys, right? How he even taught them to throw a baseball?"
“Are you sure it’s enough?” Dean asked sarcastically. Looking out at the decorated living room, the Stark family admired their work. There were tinsel and garland over every inch of the tree and wreaths and flowers hanging from the walls, and stockings hung below the glamorized menorah on the mantle of the fireplace where Thor’s Yule Log rested, just waiting to be lit.
"Screw nice and gentle, you promised you'd let me feel it," Tony whispered, sinking his nails into his husband's back, ensuring the long red lines would last at least a couple days.
"Now that everyone's had a chance to calm down, I think we should talk a little more about what happened yesterday when you get home." The man looked over Dean for a moment then said, "You don't need to worry, nothing bad is going to happen. I just want to make sure you're okay. Okay?"
Dean nodded.
By the time Sam had told Tony about Dean taking the painkillers because of an injury, and Tony had run through the huge house to tell Steve, Dean was having a hard time staying conscious.
Dean shook his head frantically, hurrying to pull himself off the floor. Managing to get his chest on the bed, the teen was just able to swing his legs up, as well, before gritting his teeth and rolling over onto his back. It wasn’t easy, and he was sweating by the time he was done, but he did it.
The next night, after making several high priority phone calls and greasing only a couple of hands, Tony managed to move Sam and Dean’s adoption hearing to the following weekend. The only hurdle was then talking to the kids and telling the boys.
Phil stepped back to let the group into the house. "Welcome to the Stark residence. Have a seat in the living room, I'll go get Steve and Tony."
"Ew! Gross! Papa make him stop!"
“Et tu, Clint?” the man clutched his chest dramatically.
"You don't just want him as a foster kid anymore do you? You want him as our adopted son. Don't you?" Tony let the accusation hang in the air. "Sam too I'm guessing."
Dean handed the empty bowl back to his brother, who was looking rather pale.
The teen's head shot up so fast it took a moment for the world to stop spinning. "How do you know my name?"
"So Sam, I hear you like to read. What's your favourite book so far?" Bruce asked, filling his plate.
The awaited hunt!!
“Dean, tell us the truth.” Steve’s voice was firmer, less coddling. “We need to know. You’re much too hot right now, and we need to know what you took and how many this time.”
"Tony, please," Steve whined, using his right hand to grip his husband's arm.
"Well," Dean blushed, "I'm pretty sure. I've never done this without my dad, but it's pretty simple in practice. Was Odin buried or cremated?"
"How'd you lose your arm?" Clint interrupted abruptly.
"Anyone else?" Steve asked the room.
Dean sighed and shrugged. "Whatever."
“That’s what I thought,” Dean spat and let go of the other teen’s arm, not caring to make sure the other was following before making his way back down the stairs.
With a dramatic sigh, the man placed his right hand on his heart, with the unfortunate side effect of splattering syrup on his shirt. "I solemnly swear not to have any surprises today, even though they would be totally awesome."
"Can you tell me where you're going, Clint?"
, the phone read.
"What time are you going to be home tonight?" Tony asked when the kids were all scrambling to collect their items.
The man managed to explain away everything about the Winchester’s life without exposing the couple to the real dangers of the supernatural. He was fucking good!
Steve's tightened in worry. "Not unless you—"
“Dean I need you to wake up for me darling.” Steve was shaking the teen’s shoulder,
"No. You saved my life, it doesn't matter what happened in between," Bucky gave his friend a stern look. "And stop blaming yourself. I know how your brain works, and I don't blame you, so you shouldn't either."
"Designing? Your husband's an engineer?"
"He was convinced to go after every home, but went through four therapists, three of them quitting before their case worker stopped trying."
Closing the folder, Mr. Coulson ran a hand down his face. "There aren't many places that will take both you and your brother, Nat. We've already tried three places!"
Exiting the car, the two did as Tony suggested and admired the handiwork that was the fixed half a million-dollar car. Dean held the keys out to Tony only to blink in surprise when the man said: “Keep it.”
what I do?"
Loki left in silence and with a small nod, leaving the other teen by himself in the pantry.
"Have you seen her ass, bro? Girls can be as bitchy as they want as long as they have an ass like that."
“We’re gonna fix you up, Cap.” Sam. That was Sam’s voice. It must’ve been him doing all the hovering. “You’re gonna be just fine. Stay with us, buddy.”
So when the guy reaches the register, and greets him sweetly as he always does—although now (correctly) assuming Tony already knows his order—Tony asks for his name.
He wasn’t about to have Tony think he was relying on him, didn’t want to put that burden on anyone. He knew first-hand how it felt to have someone depend on you, and while he wouldn’t change that for anything, he didn’t want to trouble Tony.
He wished he had more time to speak to the illusion, but his eyelids were failing him and he was out again in the next second.
“Shh, shh.” Someone ran their fingers through the long strands of his sweat-drenched hair. It could only do so much to soothe him, but nonetheless Steve tried his best to focus on it above anything else. “It’s okay, Steve. You’re going to be okay.”
.” Tony loosened his hold on Steve’s waist and demanded, “JARVIS, turn up the heat.” And then he stood up.
Steve’s screams were muffled only barely by the cloth. Blinding pain seared his abdomen, as if someone actually was cutting it from his body, and his vision whited out. The metal in his fingers didn’t so much as creak as he bore down, and when darkness came, he welcomed it with open arms.
Suddenly, Natasha’s face is hovering above his. She quirks an eyebrow.
Bruce is surprisingly swept up in the excitement of the competition, because he has a keen eye set on the action and keeps leaning over to whisper tips in Tony’s ear. Behind him, Rhodey is for whatever reason giving him a pep talk that Tony is mostly ignoring in favor of grinning smugly at Natasha, whose eyes are gleaming even as she narrows them at him, a smirk quirking the corner of her lips up.
Something shifted against his back, the movement enough to startle him so much that his entire body tensed until he felt his shoulders twinge. Even still, the shivers didn’t stop.
He doesn’t always know what he’s doing, and right now he’s not exactly sure what he even wants, so he’s not exactly sure what he’s going to
. Below it, he scribbles ten digits and proceeds to hand Steve the cup.
“Shh,” Tony breathed, shifting again, his grip on Steve’s middle becoming more secure as he buried his head against the nape of Steve’s neck. “‘M sleeping.”
Exhilarating.
Tony nods to the mat in the center of the room, already strolling his way over to it.
His stomach was on fire. Agony rippled through his body in torturous spurts, and it was almost all he could think about. His thoughts were muddled—
And, again, Tony doesn’t mean to do it, but his gaze drifts downwards like it’s drawn to the sight of Steve’s parted lips, so shiny and devastatingly pink as to be almost red. Almost immediately, he catches himself and his eyes flicker back to Steve’s, and he wants to say something—something stupid, probably—but as soon as he draws in breath for the words, Steve is springing off of him. He backs away—damn, he’s quick, even for a super soldier—and stutters out a mumbled apology.
It was the most content sleep he’d had since before he crashed into the ice.
Steve had only a moment to wonder at the real worry in Sam’s voice before he had to defy that last order and nod off into oblivion.
He wakes up bright and early on a Wednesday morning and enters the kitchen before anybody else gets there, and he decides he’ll cook breakfast. Eggs, bacon, pancakes, hash browns, grits, all of it. He stirs up some pancake batter, whips up some eggs, sizzles the bacon and soon starts questioning the decision that led him to thinking it would be a good idea to try and do all of this by himself—there are six, eight, ten of them now, and how many could probably clear out the fridge all by themselves?
“You could’ve not fallen asleep.”
And Steve… well, Steve is already sweeping his leg out from underneath him. Tony tries to sidestep, but he’s too late, he’s going down. And that should be that, but it isn’t because Steve’s too slow to pull away, so when Tony’s foot accidentally hooks around his ankle he can’t counterbalance, and then he’s going down too.
He grabs a sharpie lying next to the register and then the cup—small black, shot of blueberry, dash of vanilla—and spells out
Tony hums an affirmative before the guy can finish his question and watches, a pleasant warmth in his stomach, as the guy’s stare becomes increasingly more incredulous. He enjoys watching him hesitantly pick up the paper cup, lifting it before the movement jerks to a stop, like he wants to test it, wants to make sure, but thinks it would be rude or something, thinks it might imply he doesn’t trust Tony.
What felt like a lifetime but couldn’t have been more than a minute later, Tony came back as he’d promised, scooting Steve closer into the couch without a word. After a few unsuccessful attempts, he managed to shake out the thick comforter to cover both of them. Then his arm snuck up and around Steve’s chest, his hand coming to rest over Steve’s calming heart.
“Tony?” the name left his lips on a weak breath, barely even a distinguishable word.
“Thank you, Tony.”
Next came a sound like an object being scraped across the floor. Steve weakly turned his head in the direction of the noise. Most any type of movement he tried usually shot a spike of pain through his temples, and this time was no different. He winced.
Steve continues to look confused. “...s’it pH-balanced…?”
Relief surged through Steve, knowing Tony was there and had kept his promise, even though Steve had run away from it, hadn’t wanted to burden him.
—and it would drag him under if he let it. He wouldn’t, though. He
—and his instincts were screaming at him to get up, get
“... in the water…”
“If you don’t like it, I can get you your usual. Honestly, it’s no big deal.”
“You could have woken me.”
The words sounded heavy, like an oath, and they made Steve shudder. He couldn’t even pretend that it was because of the cold, because the cold had started to melt right off his skin the moment Tony’s arm went around him.
“Hey, hey, hey,” came a feminine voice he was sure he’d recognize if only he could
until he woke up with a hoarse cry.
Steve could practically feel the racing of his heart relax inside his chest, his muscles unclenching with hardly a conscious thought.
Tony places the order and tells him the price, and then there’s an awkward moment when their eyes meet while Tony slides the cup along the counter until it’s right in front of him. The guy pauses in slipping his card back in his wallet, glancing down and then back up again. His eyes are wide and—Tony can’t pinpoint why he this catches his attention, but—they’re also incredibly
. The guy.
to do something, or otherwise he’ll probably go insane. Really, it’s kind of a miracle that he’s as sane as he is at this age with all the shit he’s gone through, so he shouldn’t be pushing it.
And Steve does something funny in response. He flinches, body going rigid. Tony has to physically force a frown from his face before it can properly settle, but the damage is done.
“Yep.”
much bigger than Tony.
” A warm, damp gust of air hit the back of his neck. “...Steve?”
Steve sighed, still staring into the darkness, but he couldn’t help the small smile pulling up the corners of his lips. “You at least should have headed to bed. It’s more comfortable than this, surely.”
A rough piece of cloth was gently nudged into his mouth. Steve bit down on it obediently, even though he wasn’t totally sure what it was there for.
Steve hums in easy agreement and follows him over. “No pads?” he asks once he’s at Tony’s side.
More than nice, really.
“N-Nat—” Steve coughed, eyes squeezing shut at the pressure his heaving put on his abdomen.
"What's to explain. I offered the deal, the only thing left is for you to take it. Whatever you're into, I promise I can handle it." The boys bravado showing through as he smirked at the two.
The teen hadn’t moved from his place in front of the fireplace, eyes etched to the embers barely burning. “Thanks,” he said just loud enough to be heard.
"Papa!"
"Yes, Tony," Steve bit back a laugh himself as he threw a pillow at the man. "That means we have to put on underwear to go eat breakfast with our kids."
Tony chuckled, before borrowing his head into the pillow of his husband's chest. "Alright, my love. Anything you need."
"Og du er ikke en drittbror," {
"You got that, boy?"
"I know you're not fond of men, Nat, and you have good reason to be," he started. "But this may be your last chance to stay with Clint. If this doesn't work you'll have to go into group homes."
The day the family had waited two and a half months for was finally here: Steve was coming home. He was flying over in an army plane along with a sedated Bucky, who (in no small part to Tony,) had been transferred to the closest private hospital in New York.
Dr. Mills? No, she said she only hunted what came near her town, so she probably wouldn't be a part of the network.
"Yeah," Bobby said after a moment. "John wasn't the best father figure when Mary died. He put Dean in charge of Sam, not just 'looking out for him', but the boy basically raised his little brother on his own. Dean deserves a chance to just… be a kid."
"No sports? Or theater? Any hobbies?" Tony pushed, hoping the kid had at least one interest that wasn't his brother.
“A million bucks.”
A muffled response came from behind Tony's hands. "Fuck if I know Steve. I am definitely not the expert in this area." Steve handed Tony his robe which the other man swatted away. "With Nat she just didn't talk to us, Dean just straight up offered to be a punching bag! I mean-"
Steve’s face broke out into a smile. “So much happier. And his history teacher said he even stopped ‘making a ruckus’ the last few days!”
"Oh, Nat," Tony sighed. "Can I give you a hug?"
"Is there anything you think we should know?" Steve answered the man.
"Dean-"
"That sounds very reasonable, Natasha. Well done," Steve praised the girl.
"I missed you all so much too, I can't even say how excited I am to hold all of you again!" Steve was overjoyed at seeing his kid's faces for the first time in weeks that he didn't even care that he had interrupted a conversation to take the call. One of the men made it apparent that they were waiting for him to return, though, with a pointed cough.
“Sam told me he was used to taking care of you, Dean. Not only your fever but your injuries. How does he know how to treat injuries? I know the doctors don’t think he knows about your abuse, but I think he knows something,” Steve told his son softly.
Dean licked his lips and leaned back in his seat. “A gentleman never kisses and tells.”
Tony opened the passenger door. "Get in."
Holding his hands up in surrender, the genius agreed to let it go.
“Sam, can you stay with Dean for a minute, please? I need to talk to Tony really quick.” Steve ruffled the boy’s hair as he stood up from his chair.
. “Relax, soldier.”
Except, he doesn’t.
, and that’s not it
He’s starting to think Aunt Pegs recruited him just for shits and giggles, and not because she could genuinely use the help. He wouldn’t have even agreed to it if his mother hadn’t insisted, and now he’s beginning to wonder if being paraded around all those stupid parties and galas and what-the-fuck-ever wouldn’t have been the lesser burden.
—soft and cozy. Even breaths skimmed over the skin on the back of his neck, soothing in their consistency.
“All right, Steve, just hold onto my hand.” Something hard and cool slipped into his fingers. “Feel free to squeeze as tight as you want. I’m gonna be honest— this next bit is going to suck. A lot.” The hand in his own briefly squeezed his fingers. “You ready?”
Steve blinked, and blinked some more, but the indistinct form in front of him never changed. He could almost smile, because if his scrambled brain had to choose anyone to dream up, he was glad it was Tony.
“Bon appétit,” he says, lavishing the plate upon Wanda.
There was shuffling to his left, and then… “Hey, big guy. Heard you took a bit of a bad fall. FRIDAY?”
They fall into a fighting stance across from each other, circle for a few moments until Tony grows bored of that and strikes first, right fist flying forward. And Steve’s ready, of course, parries easily with a block and a kick, and after that it’s a dance. Tony and Steve spar like it’s a choreographed performance. Like they’ve been doing it a hundred years.
Steve wished his head would stop pounding for long enough for him to think and be able to offer his own input. He wanted to help, but at the moment he barely understood what was going on.
A month later, Tony can’t believe he still works here. It’s a slow morning, he’s bored to tears, and he sees
and his stomach… He cut off that thought before his brain could latch back on to the burning pain in his gut. Debris from the explosion must’ve followed him off the edge.
“I want the one with the… the sparkles…”
He got in bed at 23:00 exactly, and lay there for hours, just staring up into the darkness. He fought off the drowsiness even as he knew he should welcome it. It was the same as always, ever since he’d awoken from the ice.
, Tony thinks, rolling the name around in his head.
Steve is standing front row next to the table and has been carefully watching the proceedings this entire time. But now he’s looking at Tony, a small smile gracing his lips, and Tony loses whatever concentration he had.
And then he’s gone.
Tony doesn’t always know what he’s doing, but then, who does? Well, maybe Steve does, or at least he always seems to have an opinion on everything except for the fun things like—who would look better in a tiara, Thor or Fury? And then he just rolls his eyes, but actually, Tony’s pretty certain he has an opinion on that too, and he’s just holding out on him because he has a stick up his ass that’s ever so slowly—so fucking slowly—sliding out. And Tony could make a joke about that probably—
And that’s more to Tony’s style. See, he’s a pretty persistent guy. Annoying, obnoxious, irritating—he’s been called all these things—and worse—all his life. Hell, he doesn’t even see them as insults anymore.
Where was he? How did he get here?
Steve hummed, as close to an approximation of an agreement as he was going to get.
But then the arm around his chest tightened as Tony pulled him ever closer. “‘M not goin’ anywhere.”
Steve tried to open his eyes, ignoring the pain and the ringing in his ears—still there, if a little quieter—focusing only on getting his eyelids to move. After an infinite second, he managed to pry his eyes open and immediately wished he hadn’t bothered. Bright light seared his retinas, compounding the already unbearable pulsating in his head.
Why is he even here right now, he’s usually half an hour late to these things,
The guy chuckles a bit, but then he awkwardly grimaces and says, “I don’t, really… I actually hate them.”
—would not move.
Something dislodged itself from his throat, and it reverberated inside his head—maybe a groan, maybe a cry, maybe a scream—and it didn’t bring relief like he hoped it would. An ache inside his skull throbbed.
Steve was reaching out before he could consciously approve of the movement, his hand snatching up Tony’s wrist before Tony could so much as take a step. “Don’t go,” Steve mumbled, too earnest. He dropped Tony’s wrist immediately, embarrassed by his own honesty.
The morning after that, Tony’s anticipating the guy’s arrival. He isn’t disappointed.
, he has FRIDAY set an alarm and everything. He’s not just not thinking about that, he’s not thinking
“I like the blue ones… foam…”
He didn’t say,
“That’s me.” And it really did sound like him.
He has his order ready by the time the guy reaches the register. Tony knows the guy has noticed by the way he smiles sweetly at him. There’s a voice of warning inside Tony’s head—one screaming
“Pass me that wrench, would you, sugar plum?”
Five years later, Tony no longer works at the coffee shop. He does, however, still drink a whole lot of coffee. And he sees Steve everyday—in fact, he wakes up to him.
“No, no. I like it. Thank you, Tony.” And his smile gets even wider.
After that, he promptly forgets to care.
“Your order,” Tony clarifies, a little louder. “It’s a bit unusual.”
He’s having a good day.
“That’s my name.”
Steve shifted beneath the arm holding him in place but stopped almost immediately when his stomach twinged uncomfortably.
Tony’s not exactly a scientist, but he likes to poke and prod at things and see what goes boom.
“Careful. Small sips.”
Steve’s eyes blinked open, and he tried to hold his head up on his own.
The last thing he could remember was the explosion. The blast had thrown him off a cliffside, sent him tumbling to a mound of snow below. His head felt like he’d knocked it into something
He came to with a throbbing head and a half-genuine wish that someone would just remove his entire abdomen so he wouldn’t have to
Steve was grateful that Tony didn’t push him to talk about it, at least not yet, and when he’d left the workshop with his shield intact—strap brand new—it was almost as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened at all.
He enjoys the way her eyebrow quirks, the rest of her expression relatively unchanged, because it means that he’s intrigued her, maybe even puzzled her—he can’t say for sure—and he also likes the way her smile gentles just that littlest bit.
Tony’s grin drops in confusion, and the guy justifies, “My ma, uh… she liked them. They were her favorite.” He shrugs, like that’s the only way he can explain it, and Tony thinks he understands.
“Mmm…” Steve snorts—and Tony grins so hard he thinks his face will split—then twists his head towards him, his eyebrows furrowing. “Nat?”
Something cold and damp was placed on his forehead, and the brief relief it brought could have brought Steve to tears at another time. As it was, it felt like all the blood in his veins was on fire, and the searing pain in his stomach was now impossible to ignore and didn’t allow him to think or even feel anything else.
Tony buries his face in Steve’s silken hair, still smiling, and whispers, “Thank you. Now go to sleep, sweetheart.”
Panic clawed at him, unrelenting, and
Tony nearly startles, almost flinches, but he’s not a flincher, he’s
Like always, his dreams bled into nightmares, of the war, of Bucky, Peggy, the Howling Commandos, sometimes memories and sometimes occurrences that never really happened, the brutal spawnings of his overactive imagination.
“Yes, baby?”
“... bubbles.”
“Tony?” he tried, his voice not much more than a croak. He cleared his throat. “Tony, what—?”
, because that’s not exactly Tony’s
He curled up into himself, trying to stave off the unabating cold. He rocked back into the spot Tony had just vacated in a futile attempt to soak up the leftover heat. And he listened carefully for Tony’s return, refusing to close his eyes.
“All right. Maybe you scared me a little, too.”
“Hi,” the guy greets before Tony can say anything. “Can I have a small black coffee with a shot of blueberry, please?” He speaks louder than he did the first time he’d come in, and Tony’s surprised by how deep his voice actually is. He notes that the guy’s hair doesn't look quite as lifeless as it had the first time he saw it, and maybe—although Tony might just be imagining it—maybe the guy’s shoulders don’t look as slumped.
He should’ve known better.
Maybe it was an unfair request, and when Tony didn’t immediately respond, Steve thought that he wouldn’t say anything at all. That he wouldn’t want to make a promise he couldn’t keep.
When Thor comes in, Tony takes great pleasure in teaching him how to know when the pancake is ready to be flipped. When Nat comes in, he’s ready for her with a glass of orange juice because he knows she likes it but doesn’t usually let herself indulge. She glares disapprovingly but takes the glass nonetheless, and Tony takes it as a win.
Tony kept his promise every night after that, too, with his lips at the back of Steve’s neck, his arm around him like an anchor, his presence a buffer to the cold. Every time Tony smiled at him, something inside Steve chipped away and left him thinking that maybe he wasn’t a burden at all. That maybe Tony cared about him and wanted to look after him like Steve wanted to look after Tony.
And Tony is feeling cheerful, but he’s also him, so he says, “You did good, babe.”
Anyway, where was he going with this? Right, he doesn’t always know what he’s doing. And sure, you could make the argument that that’s put him in some fairly sticky situations in the past, but he’s still alive, isn’t he? Some close calls, but hey, he’s still breathing.
Steve laid there silently for a few seconds, trying to get himself under control. Finally, he simply muttered, “Cold.” He almost hoped that Tony wouldn’t hear him.
"Then nothing has to change. You'll still be like our son, just not officially," Steve answered.
! If anything it’s been Sam and I! But even then, he has no idea what
“Knows that I know. And knows that you can’t go to a regular therapist, so here I am.”
The following chapter contains explicit and consensual underage sex. Continue at you own risk! Enjoy!
If you don't want to read explicit sex, just skip the parts in between the ***
"Sure and the Easter bunny is totally real," he scoffed. "Look, I know how this works. You play real nice and all for the first few weeks, get us to trust you, get the CPS guy to stop looking so closely then you run out of beer and suddenly you're looking for blood. I know, I've been through this. That's why I'm offering for you to skip all that and just get to it. More fun for you. All I ask is that you don't touch Sam. That's it. That's the only requirement and I don't think it's such a bad one."
As Steve grabbed his bags from the trunk, Tony leaned against the car, smiling. "Last moment of quiet before you head back into the madhouse."
Dean jerked upright, ignoring the blood rushing to his head. "What? No! Bobby, I'm not going to–"
Dean could see that Tony's eyes were becoming glassy with unshed tears.
The agreed-upon time of midnight came and went. Dean stared at the clock on his home screen while sitting on the living room couch with a container of salt and matches sitting on the coffee table in front of him.
"You better be sorry you-" The engineer muttered as he folded himself in the larger man's hug. "Now what's this about you figured something out?"
Dean didn’t so much as blink.
“Are you sure?” the blond asked, leaning further across the table. “He wants to be an awful lot like his big brother.”
“Sorry, um,” the Captain cleared his throat and began speaking again. “They just don’t want to risk his heart giving out from the stress or something.”
Dean furrowed his brows as he looked at the man. "What, are you so rich you have your kids do drills inside in a special padded drills room?" He asked.
The girl shook her head, then paused. Raising her hand she pointed to Tony. Tony was built, but small, she could take him in a fight much easier than Steve.
"You have me, my love," Tony whispered, rubbing circles into the other man's back.
“We don’t know Sam. That’s what we’re going to find out.” With an apologetic smile, Steve raced past the boy to follow Tony into the garage.
"Okay then. We're going to eat in the casual dining room, we'll call for you when the food is ready. If you get lost we'll send someone to come find you. Now it's time for Mr. Wilson and Mr. Coulson to go home, why don't you say goodbye." Steve pushed his husband toward the stairs, muttering about leaving them to get acclimatized.
, Tony,
Tony never wavered as he responded, "oh it is. Feels fucking amazing. But you wouldn't know that would you? You're too young to experience consensual, passionate, rigorous, athletic, sweaty sex with someone your age. Tell me Dean. Ever got with a girl or a boy in your school?"
"Finally!" Tony exclaimed as he shut the door to their bedroom. He'd taken a step back all evening, letting the kids get their fill of papa, waiting patiently while they said their goodnights until it was only the husbands left.
"Eight different ones," Tony confirmed, his voice icy.
The older man smiled. "I did say you were their only hope. I'm sure that helped." He stood up and reached for the folders before Steve's hand stopped him.
Steve, on the other hand, was perfectly still, lacing his fingers together on the table and beaming at their son. "We have a proposition for you," he stated.
“Yeeeaaahh. What of him.”
Dean reached into his pocket and pulled out the bottle. Tony quickly snatched the pills and immediately poured a couple tablets into his hand.
words, you—"
The man went scouring for the lunch bags, but couldn’t find them anywhere. Until that is, he took a break from searching and opened the fridge. There, exactly where they should be at this time of night, were every kid's lunch bag ready to go.
has brought up a lot of things I thought I was over. A lot of...memories and...feelings.”
“What?”
"I love you so much, Dean. So much. I'm going to miss you."
"I know Tony. But like you said, we'll do our best."
to?" she asked softly.
"Sorry, Loki," the boy responded sadly, softly setting the pen on the table.
"I don't know, darling," the Captain sighed in response. "There's gonna be so much time before we even have to worry about that. He needs to stay at the hospital for a while, but if he wants to and thinks he can deal with the mayhem that is you little rascals, he's more than welcome."
"I would never!" Dean interrupted. He was now standing in the doorway, the need to defend himself greater than his fear of the redhead. "You have to believe me, Steve, I would never! She wanted it! I–"
Steve and Tony shared a look. “We can put it in our storage locker until you’re of legal age to own one,” Steve offered. Dean nodded immediately, knowing that was the best he was going to get.
“Well, you’ll certainly try next year.” Steve mused, settling in one of the armchairs. “He wanted a giant stuffed reindeer in the entryway, I had to talk him down to the inflatable one in the yard.” The man winked at the children with a smile.
The other man chuckled and dropped his gaze to his lap. "You know I always wanted kids," he muttered. "And-and I'm not sure what's gonna happen with that now, but-"
"Thor will leave them in your room for you," Tony reassured the brothers. "In the meantime, welcome to Casa del Stark!"
The teen shook his head. "Why did she attack me? I know I was being a shit, and anywhere else I would've expected it, but- "
“Well, I mean, I would’ve. And– everyone was so–distant–after that.” Dean waved a hand in the air, vaguely.
He leaned forward slightly, and the simple action exuded pure authority. The soldier’s commanding aura washed over Dean, and he flashed back to sweltering afternoons, his dad’s gruff voice yelling for repetitions and his body shaking so badly he was on the brink of collapse.
"I think we both know that Dean isn't one to look for help when he feels he can handle a situation," Steve interjected. "Although, why didn't you attempt to take them in when their father disappeared? Did you know CPS had them?"
"Loki, vinsamlegast, þú ert að hræða mig. Ég er viss um að hvað sem það er, getum við lagað það, segðu mér það bara." {
"Let's get that off you, eh, sport?" Tony reached out and unbuckled the safety feature, then watched as Dean slowly unraveled himself and climbed out of the car.
Deciding to take a page from Dr Mill's book, he sat up and placed his hands on Sam's arms, finally looking directly at him. "Because that's how things work in a healthy relationship. Sometimes things are kept secret between people and that's okay. There are also things that are really hard for some people to talk about, like how we don't ask Natasha about why she doesn't talk. Make sense?"
Sighing dramatically, Tony lightly bit Steve's ear in defiance before resting his head on the man's shoulder.
“Dean needs to see a doctor Sam, don’t worry, he’s gonna be just fine!” Steve reassured the boy as Tony finally got through to the hospital.
“Dean, once again, I know when people are lying to me. And I know you’re lying right now.
"He usually leaves enough money. Is that why you were caught taking the peanut butter? Because you ran out of money for food?" Mr. Wilson inquired, sitting on a stool beside the door.
Natasha shook her head and moved to walk around the lady.
Steve crouched into a fighters stance. "Come at me."
"Phil!" Mr Wilson exclaimed. "Good to see you! Hope retirement is treating you well?"
any!"
“So you all just...share?” Dean asked, still confused.
"I love you so much," Tony whispered, giving his husband the softest kiss he could muster on the man's pliant lips. "Are you sure you want this, hun?"
"No. Go to sleep."
Also: Disclaimer that I know nothing about the American adoption process, everything I know is based on books and movies :)
The engineer rubbed a hand briefly over the boy's shoulders. "I getcha. Want us to take the attention off you for a bit?"
Sam studied his older brother. "No, you're jokes are usually you telling the truth in a way other people don't understand. What did you mean?"
"Sam, Dean, it's okay, let the others clear the table tonight, we need to talk to the two of you really quick." Tony beckoned the two to the far end of the table.
"I was angry," the boy whispered, wiping the beginnings of tears from his eyes.
"What did Loki do?" Steve's smile instantly gone, replaced with worry.
Dean gave a timid smile in return. "Yeah. I'd like that."
"Early. My plane leaves at 0500, which means I probably won't see any of you in the morning. I'll say goodbye to everyone before you go to bed, though," Steve smiled reassuringly at all his kids. "Look," he started, "I know you all want me to go, but this doesn't have to happen, I—"
“Would you like me to try and see if I can find him?” the man offered. Dean’s eyes lit up.
“What the hell is going on?” Dean wondered as they climbed out of the car and made their way towards the crowd.
"I promise." Dean put every ounce of sincerity he had into the words.
"Okay, what does Dr. Mills think?"
"The rich CEO of his company? Yeah, what about him?"
Tony looked at the men and quickly pointed to each one, saying their names, along with a distinguishing fact that Steve had told him in the past about the men.
"Tony," Steve interrupted, a small smile on his face. "As much as I love hearing your beautiful mind work, and I'm sure Bucky would absolutely love any arm you make him, I really need a distraction right now. Can we talk about the kids? What we're gonna do?"
"Yeah, like limits on what we can and can't talk about."
“We know,” Tony sighed. “Unless you have any business you would like to attend to, or any questions you would like answered, you should be returning to bed, young man,” he instructed.
Time to face the music.
Tony huffed and made a 'wtf' face at Steve. Steve responded by raising his hands in a 'calm down' gesture.
"Okay. Tony and I had an idea last night, though. If at any point to need to step away for any reason, we could have a code word that would let us know to draw the attention from you so no one would notice. What do you think?" the man asked, gaze unwavering.
“‘Why would you’—I’m the only one that can help, you self righteous—”
Loki clutched the chain on his neck.
The three waited for it seemed like hours while Dean was whisked away by scrubs-clad professionals. Tony’s personal doctor met them at the doors and immediately took charge of the situation, commanding the men and boy to
Tony helpfully called out, “Hopefully this one won’t end up with you inside another girl!”
“Painkillers?” Sam whispered.
"Please, Steve," the engineer begged.
Dean shook his head and made to bring his empty plate to the sink, only to have Steve take it from his hands.
The teen snapped his eyes up to meet Tony's.
The boys nodded. "Awesome! Let's start with curfew!" Tony chimed in. "Sam, you're not allowed out without someone else and you need to be back before eight. Dean, you need to be back by nine thirty on school nights, ten thirty on weekends. Both of you need to text us where you'll be going and if you know what time you'll be back. Speaking of!" Tony reached into his pocket and pulled out two Starkphones.
"Who is this?" Bobby spat.
"If you'd prefer to risk it yourself, but by all means…"
Steve laughed, which quickly gave way to sobs, the high emotions of the past few days catching up to him.
Tony blinked for a moment. "Wow. Okay for him that is big."
Dean let the hurt surround him. The pain that he never permitted himself to feel now coursed through him, every nerve on fire and every thought a razor blade. The codeine in his system only enhanced the sensations, smashing the mental walls that usually kept such emotion at bay.
The man began to sputter, trying to come up with an excuse.
"Mommy!" Clint cried, more tears rolling down his rosy cheeks and threw his teddy bear at the girl.
“You were terrified of me, Dean,” the father choked out. “I need to know that–we need to know that you’re not scared of us like that. We would never hurt you! We need you to–”
"Excuse me? Are you insinuating that they shouldn't trust us?" Tony's voice raised with his anger.
Tony laughed again. "Steve, I like him. We're keeping him."
"Well it's not like we don't love having you over, but why you here then?" Tony was fiddling with his phone as he inquired. He could've been emailing the CEO of his company, designing a masterpiece of technology, or playing candy crush. Either option was equally likely.
Steve, Tony noticed, looked much better than he had hours earlier, the tear tracks gone and mussed hair straightened, looking much more like his usual self.
"Genetics. Come on, Steve, you know that." Tony laughed when the love of his life started ticking him in retaliation.
"Visiting hours end at nine, but I can be home anytime," Steve answered as he began to clear the table. "I'll pick up the kids and be home for dinner at the normal time, then if nothing's happening I'll head back for a few hours. If that's alright?"
"Almost means not," the man scoffed. "Now tell me why you're here. The truth, too. I know when someone's lying to me."
“Good. But you are wearing way too many clothes.” Becky started pushing up Deans shirt until he threw it across the room to join her jeans. He then stepped off the couch and pulled down his jeans to let them pool on the floor before letting him boxers fall to the ground.
"Let me go!"
“Sorry, sorry, my bad,” the man apologized, then sighed deeply. “Fine. You obviously don’t trust us enough to tell us. Is there any adult you would tell?”
"No buts, Clint. You'll just have to wait," she soothed, moving to wash his stomach.
"Dean." Steve was using his 'are you sure you want to do this' voice. Dean sneaked a look at the two men and saw them watching him with concern. He sighed.
He sighed, then, brows furled in confusion and more than just a little pain, asked: "Why didn't he give that to me? Why didn't he give that to us?"
“You don’t know? I find that very hard to believe.” Tony’s hands gripped his hips as he prepared for one hell of a fight. He
Dean shook his head.
Tony leaned into the kiss and tried to chase Steve's lips as they left.
” Dean dramatically imitated his brother, making Steve chuckle.
“Fuck no,” Dean spat.
"Oh, Bucky," Steve sighed, squeezing his right hand tightly. "I know. I know," he whispered, letting a few of his own tears fall as he listened to the heart-wrenching cries of his best friend.
"You mean we have to put on underwear?" Tony shout-whispered, laughing at Dean's face as he disappeared back through the doorway.
“He used to make it a lot for me when our dad would leave, so he had lots of practice,” Sam pitched in.
“Looks like you just needed to work off some steam,” Steve smiled. “I was wondering if you think it’s enough or too much. We could find you other activities to burn more energy, or we could scale back if you’d like. It’s completely up to you.”
"You know the drill and you know my number. Feel free to call at any hour for anything at all." This was the case workers usual statement to the boys before leaving a foster home, but this time he added. "Steve was actually my commanding officer in the army, so these aren't just random people that I'm leaving you with this time. I really do trust these men with my life." He reached out and put a hand on Dean's shoulder. "However. If you don't feel safe at any time, know that I will take your side every time. You say they are the most despicable human beings on the planet I will come get you at two in the morning, bring my gun and start the lawsuit before you can even hang up. Heck, if someone even looks at you funny, you call me immediately."
“Steve?” he whispered. “Are you alright?”
He was fine. He
For a moment, Steve struggled to breathe. At that same moment, the arm over his chest adjusted its position, allowing air to pass more easily into his lungs.
For an instant all Steve heard was his own heavy breathing.
it Wednesday?
He can’t bring himself to acknowledge the muttered, “Thank you,” and feels a bit guilty about it for the one hundred eight seconds it takes for Clint to come back.
The silence that met this question stretched over an uncomfortably long minute; long enough for Steve to wonder if he was, in fact, talking to himself.
To Tony’s surprise—and no small amount of relief—the guy comes back a couple days later. Tony whips up his usual, and this time boldly adds a little something extra.
“Hey, Tony. You’re here early.”
, but his body—
“Good fight,” he finishes, awkwardly, before turning and leaving. Not just the mat, but the whole damn gym. Here one second and gone the next.
It was supposed to be a simple op. In and out. Minimal confrontation.
Tony’s not the type to remember people’s orders. Unless it’s a regular’s that he whips up
He tried to nod— didn’t want to worry her. But he couldn’t tell if he was successful on either count.
He saves the best for last without really meaning to. Okay, so he’s hesitating a little, sue him. It doesn’t mean anything. None of this really means anything—it’s just for fun. Just an experiment to see what his teammates do.
He remembered coming down here last night to ask Tony for assistance with a broken strap on his shield. Tony had been busy, had waved him to the couch with a “Just a minute,” and Steve had been content to wait. His eyes shut in embarrassment when he realized he must have fallen asleep on the couch, apparently much more ‘content’ than he would’ve thought. That didn’t really explain why Tony hadn’t just woken him up, though, or why Tony was laying there with him.
"Nope. He ate mine." Tony winked.
The teen whipped his head towards the doctor. “What?”
Thor frowned as he regarded the question. “If there is even a
"So I didn't end up protecting you from anything," Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes.
“Yeah? Well I am. Deal with it baby cakes.”
“Tony,” Steve whispered, “I can’t lose them. We can’t lose those kids.” Tears gathered in his eyes. “They have complete jurisdiction over Sam and Dean! Even if they don’t find us guilty, they’re gonna take them away!”
“Oh my god, Tony, stop!” Dean shouted. Both Tony and Steve were laughing at the embarrassed teen.
“I still say it wouldn’t have been ‘obscene’ or ‘over the top’.” the genius defended, handing out the drinks.
"Great job Thor, we've got our hands full at the moment, can you please bring Nat to the gym? Maybe help her work it out?" Steve was talking very gently and quietly. "Tony? Bruce needs your help right now, I'll tend to Dean."
“Actually, I started cocaine at sixteen, Mr. Know-It-All! Fourteen was ecstasy!”
Dean rolled his eyes and set the glass on the table. No need for his bed to get wet when fists started flying.
Picking up a box of his own, Dean smiled and started to fill in the picture of who John Winchester was.
“Not really? Well, I would hate to see what real pain looks like, if this is fake,” Tony spat, crossing his arms.
Sam nodded to the closed door, then looked to his brother, who was dutifully eating his soup.
The four kids took in the joyful faces of their parents. Steve and Tony raised their eyebrows as they silently asked the kids their thoughts on the subject.
The balding man removed his glasses and ran a hand down his face. "Abuse. All of them. Only one requested the boys move because they found occult symbols painted under their rugs. Dean said it was for protection, but the couple wanted to exorcise him in return, so we both agreed it best to remove them from the home."
“Same guy that called all of us, a Mr. Phil Coulson. He said the boys needed some support to put the old son of a bitch in the ground.” Bobby replied, then, looking directly at Dean, continued. “We may not have gotten on with John all the time, but being here for the two of you is something everyone here can easily agree on.”
Natasha watched blood dripping from a different man, this one her foster parent. He approached too quickly and was going to hurt her and Clint, she just knew it.
"Every second of every day."
"Knock knock!" Thor could see his Papa's head poking around the corner of the door as he called out. "Nat? How you doing?"
"He asked," the man shrugged in response, pouring himself coffee before joining the rest of the family at the table.
He hadn't lost his snark though. Other than his little disagreement with Clint, his sharp tongue was always accompanied by a sliver of a smile, taking what could've been hurtful words, into the territory of teasing.
The teen took a deep breath to calm himself, pushing away the immediate worry that something bad happened to the man they called their uncle. He started to come up with a plan.
"Combat. Self defence, boxing, sparring, whatever you want to call it. How much do you know?"
“Nothing but the best for Stark Enterprises!” Tony called out from the kitchenette.
The woman really had no right to like Clint and Natasha, considering her husband cheated on her with a drug addict, but she assured them that the sins of their mother had nothing to do with the two of them.
He didn't have to lie about being hungry, or hurt, or tired, or cold.
Dean woke to the feeling of being watched.
He was out by the time Sam came to say goodbye.
He reached for his son’s hand but jerked back when the boy retreated further. At the rejection, the pair’s newly created bond–so fragile to begin with–crumbled apart, a separation Steve felt like an agonizing pain in his chest. Tony, watching intently from the side, rubbed small circles on his husband’s back in support, knowing how hard Steve would take the setback.
"But what if I—"
Continuing to be gentle with the other teen’s prized possession, he placed the ring in the middle of the logs and began covering it in salt, so much salt it was impossible to see the gold underneath. As Dean was about to light the match and set it ablaze, Loki reached out and gently touched his adoptive brother’s arm.
"I guess that leaves you." Bucky looked at Loki, quietly sitting in his chair.
Steve started crying in earnest now, doubling over in his chair. “I can’t lose them, Tony! I can’t!”
The anticipated strike never came, so Dean chanced a confused glance at his foster father.
The teen had only ever seen Sam
“Did your family celebrate anything?” Bruce inquired, setting down his box and looking at the brothers.
“I don’t know.”
"Painkillers. Keep the bottle, you'll need them with the hit you took. They're pretty strong, but I'm sure you've had worse, right, Dean?"
The men held their breath as the line began to ring.
The teen opened the driver’s side door and sat in the cab, reaching for the envelope sitting above the steering wheel.
Tony ignored the man next to him.
going to listen to your
Becky clutched at his shirt, pulling her closer to him. With one hand at her ass, Dean used the other to start fondling her breast, paying special attention to where her nipple would be under her bra.
