and watches as John draws the resulting liquid spill over the thin line of his bottom lip. Watches as John runs his tongue over it and takes it inside his mouth. Watches as John, whose hands are warm and firm on Sherlock’s bare hips, holding him to the metal wall, which breathes ice down Sherlock’s neck, watches as John sucks him down once more.
“Yes, sir, I can do that.” John slips his hand out of Sherlock’s silky black hair and steps over to sit down beside him.
John nods and they both grin. Giddy. John trails his hands over Sherlock’s hips to cup his arse and urge Sherlock close enough for John to kiss the freckles on his throat. He smells intoxicatingly good. John is momentarily grateful that Au Lit has a three drink max and no alcohol allowed in the hotel rooms. John could get drunk just on Sherlock alone.
.” The desperation is still there and it confirms for John that it's the right call to slow things down a little.
Down until the bulbous black head of the dildo is just pressing against his body. One hand braced on the back of the chair, Sherlock slicks up the long, hard, onyx length with the other, so that it’s dripping, glossy and slick. Holds it steady.
“We’ve had a bit of a falling out recently,” John said. “Harry’s girlfriend isn’t supportive of Charlotte, is actually quite anti-trans and is very vocal about it, especially online. I’ve had to ask Harry not to bring her to the house and she’s offended.”
Sherlock calculated, hypothesized, estimated, and raised his arm, pulling his trigger finger back in a smooth, pure contraction of motion that sent the bullet flying, making its final resting place between the eyes of the scarred man.
“Fine,” John began when no response came from the younger man, “ever since I met you, my life has been…well, it’s not been boring, I’ll put it that way. And actually, all that is rather great except…I get the feeling you aren’t being entirely truthful with me -”
“John took those? When?” Molly inquired when she finally noticed they were both alone once again. She abandoned the printouts for a moment to swiftly enter a few commands into her state of the art computer, which was currently running analyses of what paltry bit of DNA they had managed to salvage from the waxy bits of Lipsyl stuck to the cigarette found at the scene of John’s kidnapping.
“Sorry,” John flushed, coming back to himself and abandoning his vivid fantasy of the Doctor wasting away behind bars for the rest of his perverted life, “just a little tired, is all. What were you saying?”
“In my tea?” He took another sip, a larger one this time, since the liquid had cooled sufficiently. John decided it really did taste quite good, and it had been dog’s years since he’d had a decent cup of tea.
James laughed outright at that, kissing the outside of one well-muscled shoulder before moving on to lavish gentle, sweet kisses onto the bite-mark at John’s nape.
Each brush of clothing on his sensitive tissue was bringing him closer and closer to his climax, something that had never been as emotionally simple or easy to reach before (and that was saying much, as it was significantly easier for a male of any second gender to reach orgasm than a female).
“Of course, Dr. Watson,” it seemed referring to him as simply ‘John’ had gone by the wayside, “I’ll speak with you again tomorrow.”
and tell me what you’ve done,” his patience was wearing thin, and if he was to die here (God, he hoped he was wrong about that), then so be it. He just needed to know what it was all for, and why all the other young latent Omegas had to die as well.
Sherlock had no doubt it was caused by her forceful emergence into his mind palace. She was a formidable Guide indeed, as she was the first person in his entire life to successfully break through his mental shields and reach his palace.
“I’m not done! You asked me to join this study, I did. You also keep asking me to move in with you, which, by the way, is ridiculous and completely inappropriate as I barely know anything about you. Now, I just found out I might have accidentally signed my own death certificate, so for once, Sherlock, I want simple answers from you and I want the truth.”
That they would solve this case, he was certain. He had spent enough time in the man’s presence to know that even the most brilliant and clever of criminals didn’t stand a chance to the scintillating intelligence that was Sherlock Holmes. The Omega both blessed and cursed the day he met the apex Alpha and wondered if this, probably ill-advised, foray into crime-solving would pan out. It would either be the making of him, or make him worse than ever (though he wasn’t sure how that was possible). How did one get worse than what he was now?
Sherlock Holmes was certainly not the same man now as he was before. Just a short while ago, really only a matter of months, he would have deduced everything about the family down to their last meal and what brand dishwashing liquid they used to clean their dishes. But now it felt intrusive, borderline unseemly, and he knew exactly who was responsible for his change of heart.
The Omega reached out and turned the dull, brassy doorknob. It twisted easily in his grip, and the door opened with nary a creak. He was grateful for this, although he was certain Sherlock already knew he was awake (that man didn’t seem to miss a thing), he didn’t want to telegraph his movements more than necessary.
If it was true that some crazed psychopath was murdering male latent Omegas, they could do better than a down on his luck, beaten but not blooded ex-Army doctor.  He wondered exactly how many men had fallen to the killer, and if they had anything in common. Was it the work of an unstable maniac or a methodical assassin? Brandy had said the pictures were ‘horrible,’ but didn’t go much more into detail. John felt an involuntary shiver raise all the hairs on his body, the muscle contractions skimming along his nervous system, accentuating his rather melancholic mood.  His leg hitched rhythmically as he passed through one of the seedier neighborhoods adjacent to the bridge.
“I really wouldn’t know Brandy, they’re rare; rarer than my gender, after all. Even as a doctor, even in the military I never met one. They keep to their own. It’s true most of them are members of royalty or aristocracy, old families that are bred specifically to pass on the apex Alpha line. Genetic perfection, they say.” John shrugged his shoulders listlessly. He never liked discussing gender, any gender.
Then he made sure to end the app transmitting audio to Mycroft and his stooges, he had had enough willful prying into his private life for today.
And it was if the rest of the people in the foyer disappeared. Sherlock and John had only just seen each other yesterday, but that was within the confines of a hospital room. This – this was real, true life. This was a life they were meant to start together. This, this was
. You’re perfect. A medical man with a military background, latent Omega, obvious caretaker tendencies coupled with an underutilized penchant for danger. You’re just the man I need.”
slobber, well perhaps sometimes, when Sherlock placed his hand…NO).But his soldier had been feeling rather ill the last few days and Sherlock, while essentially selfish by nature, couldn’t bring himself to put his soon to be mate under any more undue stress.
Molly chewed her lower lip, feeling a stray bit of chapped skin catch between her teeth. She was trying to be helpful, she was - quite desperately so - but it was disheartening to find herself hopelessly stymied at every turn. She wondered momentarily if this is what Sherlock must also feel like right now…except, maybe a hundred times worse.
Wilkes hooked one polished shoe into a cracked vinyl stool and scooted it over, sitting down as it rested to a stop in front of the Omega. He pulled a penlight from his crisp Lab coat and clicked it off and on in quick succession.
“Most people would say family is always ‘their business,’” she replied, moving out of the lift once they’d got to the appropriate floor.
He knew the reason for the lack of creature comforts; it didn’t take any great leap of logic to understand why there was only a bed, side table, desk, and one bookcase. Most Sentinels who came to this place were woefully undisciplined and prone to zoning, this much he easily deduced. A room such as this would be a like a safe place within the Cottage, an area of neutrality that wouldn’t tax their already overloaded nervous systems.
“Sh-sherlock…” John stuttered, clutching the arms of the chair, swallowing convulsively as the Alpha breathed one hot breath after another onto the spongy, sensitive head of his cock. Sherlock waited for any indication that John was not up to this, that he couldn’t handle this amount of physical exertion, but none came. John laid his head back against the back of his chair and breathed, both hands clutching Sherlock’s shoulders lightly.
Throughout John’s speech, Sherlock watched him with soft eyes and an unreadable expression. Lestrade still didn’t seem convinced and opened his mouth to reply when John stuck out his chin pugnaciously.
Sherlock moved from John’s side and clasped his hands in front of him, as if making a declaration. “You look very handsome today John.”
"Lovely," John offered, bringing a plate of fresh fruits and fragrant cheeses back from the kitchen. He smiled at Sherlock, genuine, sincere, and so full of outright adoration he had to turn his gaze away. The fruit and cheese platter was an offering from Mrs. Hudson to repay Sherlock after playing a beautiful rendition of Good King Wenceslas, one of the voted favourites. Well, Sherlock would play that and a hundred more carols if it garnered a smile like that from John Watson.
“Y-yes, though, still a bit sore.” John hadn’t yet had the chance for the proper shower Sherlock promised him after their rather cryptic conversation upon his regaining consciousness. The Alpha had offered him a loose and verbally abrupt explanation of what occurred after the fight, and then offered him some kind of mysterious proposition; but John wouldn’t hear a word of it.
Sherlock ran his large, strong hands up both of John’s arms softly, fingertips catching on the sparse hairs of his forearms, sending tremors of sensation all throughout the Omega’s body. He straddled John, each knee at opposite sides of his chest, resting no weight whatsoever on the smaller man. This afforded John with a more than adequate view of Sherlock’s swollen cock, forced to the right side of his ridiculously expensive trousers, and appearing both plush and turgid, emitting a heat the Omega imagined he could feel like a blast furnace against his face.
“I – I wanted some time, when you woke up.” The Alpha stepped closer, cautiously, as if John were a timid, wild thing, easily spooked and ready to bolt. John only smiled up at him tiredly, their encounter already beginning to drain what little energy reserves he had.
The truth of the matter was, he found being in the company of Sherlock Holmes to be disturbing in so many ways, he couldn’t even begin to categorize how he felt about the man. And that
Tiny (soul-bending, mind-altering) eruptions of pleasure lanced through his body, originating at every previously flexed joint and continuously expressing small punctuations of bliss with every minute contraction.
“Yes, you and your Detective did your homework,” she flashed a toothy smile, predatory, when John opened his eyes and whipped his head towards her with a wince, “yes, of course I knew about him. One doesn’t make their fortune in London, or misbehaving as I do without rubbing elbows with Sherlock Holmes.”
He supposed he could have hired someone to find her, but he didn’t really have the money for that at the time, so he just…let it slide. He just let it all slide.
Recovery was swift, and it wasn’t long before they removed the packing from his sinus cavities. It was incredibly painful, to the point of outright agony, and Sherlock marvelled (through sniffles and watery eyes) at the sheer amount of gauze they pulled directly out of his face.
John grimaced, tightening his grip on the man’s hair once more and maliciously shoving it forward to slam his head against the cold, unforgiving tile of the wall. The Alpha howled in pain, and John noticed a bright splotch of blood on the wall, staining the grout and contrasting nicely against the white. He did this one more time with unerring brutality, and the man, like his comrade before him, fell to the floor, limp and pale. The spot of blood bloomed larger now, dripping in long scarlet stripes down the vertical surface. John managed to suppress a visceral rush of gratification, but he couldn’t ignore the inappropriate tingling and firmness all the excitement brought to other, more intimate areas of his anatomy. He adjusted himself with a dark grin, shaking his head with rueful purpose; he hadn’t had a reaction like that in
“As you can see, it’s…unorthodox, but I feel this is an excellent alternative.” He’d explained everything he could, going over all the planning and notes he and his team had amassed over the last few days, rushing the process, knowing every additional day Sherlock Holmes was sedated did him no favours.
“We provide very limited internet access to our guests while they’re here at the Cottage. Myself and the therapists encourage each of you to find other means of bettering yourselves and participating in your own recovery –”
“You’re getting crumbs all over my bedding,” John says good-naturedly, pointedly ignoring the way that moan scrapes him up in a particular way.
“I had something to give you. I wanted to surprise you. I thought that maybe the party was still going since you didn’t text me back.”
“Don’t let me distract you,” he mumbled against my lips, the utter cad, doing exactly that. He kissed me even deeper still, stealing any chance of a reply, and I found myself rutting helplessly against our mattress, my heart beginning to race a bit quicker than I would have liked at that stage of the game.
This time I wielded the spoon, coating him again in a thick glossy layer. I noted, as I set the spoon aside, that we didn’t have long before the icing would start to lose it’s viscosity.
In front of him, on the phone’s screen, Sherlock watches as John tips his head back, baring his throat.
“Ok. Thank you,” Sherlock said, realising he hadn’t said that yet. “For that. For the tea. I appreciate it. It was a long night.”
American foulbrood spores are extremely resistant to desiccation and can remain viable for more than 40 years in honey and beekeeping equipment. Therefore, honey from an unknown source should never be used as bee feed, and used beekeeping equipment should be assumed contaminated unless known to be otherwise.
Sherlock picks him up and, despite the embarrassed heat in his cheeks, John allows it, wrapping his legs around Sherlock’s waist and burying his hands in Sherlock’s curls, wrist deep, and sucking on Sherlock’s plump perfect lips.
The man rocks forward and though his mouth drops open, no sound emerges. The huge round head catches on the tight ring of muscle and the man shivers. His face turns an uncomfortable shade of red as he thrusts himself back and only then, quite obviously wrecked by the experience, lets loose a long, broken moan torn from somewhere deep within him as the dildo disappears once more, swallowed by what John can only assume is his stretched and gaping hole.
John pulls them down just far enough to release him into the air. He smells incredible, musky and salty, and bobs there for a moment, rosy and hard, before John leans in and gets his mouth around him.
“I’m close,” I whispered, unable to keep from thrusting. John simply squeezed the back of my thighs and opened his throat to me, swallowing me down. I came inside him in a hot, mind-splintering rush, my movements erratic and clumsy, my hips stuttering, overcome by how bloody good it felt, and I finished, spilling on his tongue and lips.
Sherlock’s long legs wrap around John as they rock together. Both of them out of breath now, panting into each other’s mouths, eyes shut it feels so good.
He kept his windows rolled down for the drive over to Ellen and Zoe’s, letting the mineral tang of the salt breeze from the nearby sea prickle the inside of his nose and stream through his fingers in a cool, tingling rush. The hills were still carpeted in a lush green, interspersed with fields sporting large ochre-hued wheels of mown hay, the trees caught in mid-metamorphosis: leaves of gold, persimmon, crimson, and lime all mixing together in a kaleidoscope of colour. Fall was Sherlock’s favourite time of year and he savoured every minute.
John rests his hand, now slightly tacky with lube from the plug, in the small of Sherlock’s back and feels the sweat seeping through his shirt.
“There’s paracetamol on the table,” his brother's voice said from across the room. “And a glass of water.”
The sound you make when his fingers slip between your arse cheeks is a deep animal purr. It shudders up and out of you as his slick fingertips rub over you, rumbling in your chest, burring in your throat.
“You,” I whispered into his skin, basking in his attention. “You’re quite glorious in the morning, you know.”
“I’m afraid I’ve become the guinea pig for Charlotte’s salon. This shade is called Mermaid's Blush.”
Sherlock’s eyes close on the room. One hand descends behind him and anchors itself in John’s hair. The other rests in a fist atop his thigh, not letting himself touch his hard, straining cock. Not just yet anyway. He wants this to last. Wants to enjoy the brusque feeling of John’s beard on the inside of his thighs. How it lights him up inside, sets his nerves sparkling. Wants to savour the way John’s tongue licks at him, applying pressure here, flicking there, lying flat now as Sherlock moves his hips and runs it up the crack of his arse and then back down.
John: capsized on the rolling sea of Sherlock’s body. Sprawled on top of Sherlock, his cheek pressed between his shoulders blades as his ribs heave beneath him, his heart a wave breaking in a hushed roar beneath John’s ear.
,” and then gasps as he runs his hands over his nipples, fingertips wet and sticky from the lube. They perk up beneath the light touch and grow hard as he circles them. “I imagine that it’s you touching me.”
“The prostate stimulation and anal play section is just over there,” Sherlock says airily over his shoulder as he saunters off in the opposite direction.
Sherlock’s lips are bitten red by the time they stop to catch their breath a short eternity later. John peels himself off of Sherlock, getting his feet under him, just to see if he can. His back protests, making it’s objections to being bent in half like some kind of sapling known in no uncertain terms.
John admits he bloody hates this proposition, but he can see it’s a reasonable one. “That’s one possibility.”
John drops to his knees and pulls out his mobile. The screen momentarily blinds him and he blinks away the white spots. Pointing it up, Sherlock is painted in the eery undulations of blue light as John turns the dial to seven.
“Sort of. It’s to keep me occupied and out of trouble until my brother dies. It’s his dying wish, as it were.”
“That’s very clever,” Sherlock said. “It must be difficult to keep all those papers from mixing. Shall we pop in here and I’ll give you a proper beekeeper’s notebook?”
Sliding his book into his satchel, Sherlock began the walk home. A hum of anticipation zinged through him, his steps quick. Eager, he observed. He hadn’t, he thought, felt this before. The way his heart thumped a bit harder, the way his cheeks felt tingly and warm, the way his mouth was curved up just the tiniest bit. He tucked it away for parsing later, instead giving in to the instinct to hurry along. He didn’t want to keep them waiting, after all.
He knew me. He knew my methods. He knew how I got in these moments. He knew how low I stooped. He knew that he would bear the brunt of it. He tried his best to head them off at the pass, but when I was seized I was often lost to reason. He watched me with all the circumspection of someone sizing up a wild animal just loosed from a cage. The analogy was an apt one. I was not in control.
“You know better than to set her off,” Ellen chided, once the door had been summarily slammed on Sherlock’s back as Zoe exited the kitchen.
“You want some more?” John is panting. He doesn’t care. He feels as if he is about to explode. He watches as he glides in and out of Sherlock’s mouth, the corners red and raw, stretched out from his own cock. “Yeah?” Sherlock nods and makes a needy noise in the back of his throat as if that’s just what he wants.
“I want him to be honest with me. I want to know if he’s having trouble. I need him to tell me so that I can help.”
John was sitting across from me in his arm chair. There was a cup of tea, long gone cold, at his elbow, a paperback novel split open by his left thumb across his knee.
Suffused in the warm, amber light from the lamp, he glows. It picks out the fair, auburn hair on his chest, sets it glinting. His hair snakes across the pillow in glossy obsidian strands, his eyelashes inking his cheeks in charcoal as he looks down the length of his body at John. His lips are parted, pink and wet from his tongue.
“Queens can live for 2-3 years, drones, depending on the strength of the colony, live a few months, worker bees around 6 weeks during the summer, but during the winter they live a little longer.”
Sherlock passes the dresser, which is littered with Chinese takeout boxes, remnants of the dinner that they ate in bed last night, and clambers onto the bed. John’s body is hot on Sherlock’s cool skin as Sherlock straddles his lap, his arm curling around Sherlock’s waist to draw him in so that their hips fit snugly against each other.
The curve of his arse and the spray of auburn hair that glints as he bends to run the towel over his thighs. Stretch marks snake across his hips, veins of purple and bone white, shining. Leftover from a growth spurt that gave him seven inches, all in one summer. Sherlock had said he had felt every inch, he said the pain had felt like someone was taking his bones and stretching him on a wrack.
John kneels between Sherlock’s legs, his knees bent over John’s shoulders and he uncaps the lube he fishes from his pocket. He’d brought it with him to the Yard, just in case.
“I’ve been a very good boy,” Sherlock says, basking in John’s praise and the lavish attentions of John's mouth.
“Bloody hell, you’re right about that.” John’s affectionate grin makes Sherlock’s chest feel tight. “What did you use before Moriarty?”
Sherlock’s hand wraps itself around him, engulfing him in the heat of his palm and John thrusts forward, shivering, eyes still shut tight against the sight.
in your ear keep showing up? These people offering refuge when all you had ever known before was cruelty? It defies all probability. This woman here holding you and in London your friends who keep you in livers and crime and a man with gentle hands and blue blue eyes telling you, showing you, otherwise.
I took a deep breath in through my nose and I was filled at once with your scent. The singe of your sweat and the thick musk of your arousal, combined with the lingering rich scent of leather from the gloves, the faint sear of petrol from the car, and the smell of sun scorched grass from outside, it overwhelmed me. I could feel the heat pouring off you. I wanted to be engulfed in it. I wanted to obliterate all memory of the night before from both of our minds.
As the door shuts behind him, you’ll take that feeling of safety he gives you and wrap it around you. That feeling you’ve never felt with another person since your grandmother who you lost so many years before. You feel it mantle you, settle over you. You let it infuse the space you’re building out of him, like those churches in France that she took you to: peaceful, sacred, holy. And as you watch him walk down the street, crisp navy blue against the ivory pavement with the honeysuckle light shining in his hair, your heart burning a hole through your throat, you know you’ll never—never—be able to forget him.
“Now, I don’t want you to think I’m being prejudiced…” Bobbi holds up two hands in a gesture of innocence.
“Sometimes she’s a great big giant bitch,” Zoe said, coming into the kitchen. Once she reached Sherlock she wrapped her arms around his waist, resting her forehead against his side. “I’m sorry, Blue.”
Every thrust sends Sherlock forward until he chokes and John relents, pulling back so that Sherlock’s body rocks back to follow him, so that he can breathe heavily through his nose.
Sherlock doesn’t seem finished so John waits out the ache in his chest, sitting in witness to Sherlock’s confession instead of trying to make him feel better or to take away the enormity of his words.
,” John exhales, bleeding out. Sherlock has always wielded truth like a scalpel, but rarely turns it on himself. John tries to gather all the splintered pieces of pain together, make them into a whole so that he can see Sherlock clearly, but they refract the light, obscuring.
John can sympathise. He knows how it feels to want everything at once. To want to have your arse eaten out and to be hammered with a nice hard cock at the same time, while also wanting a wet mouth on your dick and a tight hot arsehole to plough. All simultaneously. Sherlock’s in that place of heightened awareness, all electric nerve, when the ache is throbbing through you and the pressure is building inside and all you want is sensation and release. John decides there’s another way to shut him up and promptly buries his face between Sherlock’s cheeks.
John took up his fork and pointed the tines at Sherlock. “Be warned: the next time you come over, she might attempt to paint yours as well.”
“Are there very many ways of keeping bees?” John asked, his elbow now slung over the back of his chair. There was laughter from the other end of the table and all of their eyes flicked down to watch Zoe, Evan, and Penny hooting over something Hayley had said. She was mid story, cutting up and pantomiming wildly. Sherlock watched Charlotte’s upturned face ping pong back and forth between the adults, the joke above her age level.
Sherlock lies back, one arm wrapped behind his head, smiling indulgently as John unwraps the chocolate orange and breaks off a slice with a crisp snip.
Downstairs I paused in the entrance to the hotel’s salon, taking a moment to savor the sight of John below me.
You kiss, mouths open, tongues stroking. It is deep and languorous and you can’t help the desperate sounds you make or the needy way you palm his back and draw him closer.
He covers his face with his hands for a moment and then drags his fists over his cheeks, wiping up the sticky, snotty mess he’s made of himself. The hair below his left ear is soaked and spiked, he pets it down.
The timbre of his voice and the rasp of need scratching at the edges sends a shiver skating down your spine.
John feels a cold chill lodge in his spine. This is far more serious than he had first thought. If Sherlock holds Moriarty’s secrets then he poses a threat to the man that no one else in the world did. He had no reason to keep Sherlock alive so why was he?
“You said.” Sodding hell look at him. Just look at him. How are you supposed to focus on anything when he is in your bed looking like that? You drag your eyes away from the defined muscles of his stomach and the hard red beads of his nipples and you meet the deep sea cobalt of his eyes. It’s not any easier. He’s smiling at you crookedly and he’s blushed to a lovely crimson across his cheeks, but you listen, you do, when he says, “You said you’d kiss every inch of me. You said you’d solve my puzzle.”
“I’ll have to go down and see if they’ve got any at the front desk,” Lestrade says, shrugging. He looks tan and John wonders whether his trip to the Seychelles with his new girlfriend had gone well. They’d have to go out for a pint soon.
They kiss a little longer. John twists, wraps his arm around Sherlock’s neck, kisses him deeply. His heartbeat slows, his breathing evens out. Sherlock slips out of him. Hands on John’s hips, he turns him. Piles the pillows and eases John down onto them so that he’s half propped up. His gaze tracks hungrily down the splay of John’s body, loose with languor, sprays of rose blushes blooming up and down his chest, sweat beading around his nipples, on his forehead, his cock, hard and wet, and curving against his stomach.
“Look. I’m going to pack a bag. I’ll stay with Harry. Just.” John presses his hands together. In supplication. He would beg. Anything to wipe the pained expression of utter confusion off Sherlock’s face. “Don’t worry all right? This isn’t about you. You didn’t do anything wrong, ok? It will sort itself. I just need some time.”
They find Brack’s wife in the next room. Another sitting room, equally resplendent. Mary Fraser is a pretty Australian girl of just eighteen, blonde, blue-eyed, with a painful looking bump darkening on the crest of her forehead. She’s wrapped in one of the hotel’s fluffy white bathrobes. A lab technician is folding a blue and silver silk nightgown, the hem of one side steeped in blood, into a plastic evidence bag as they enter.
“Propolis is what the bees make to glue their hive together so that cold and moisture don’t get in.” Sherlock stepped towards the hives, intending to show them, but, remembering what John had been worried about when they had talked the day before, he paused. “Are you ok with her getting closer to the hive, or…”
I took hold of his right shoulder, my other hand dug into his left hip. He bowed his back, arse tipped up, I could just see the shadow of his hole between his plump cheeks, tempting me. John braced himself against the counter as I fucked his thighs, his arse bouncing against me, absorbing the force of my thrusts. My orgasm built in the backs of my legs, surging to my navel, and then bursting hot up my spine in a liquid rush that churned out to my extremities, tingling in my fingers. I shouted and curled my toes against the lino, coming all over the cupboards.
“Its not worth it. I know its unfair that Stackhurst interrupted us today, but I don’t want you to be sick tomorrow just so that we can have sex tonight.”
John knocks back the rest of his drink and stands. Taking Sherlock’s extended hand in his, John follows him through the packed dance floor and down a hallway which dumps them out in front of a bank of elevators.
“So you’ve started a blog after all?” She raised an eyebrow, the pen moving in long swoops upon the page – scratching.
He was wet now, of course, and his fragrant, tenacious slick oozed from his hole and down one lightly haired inner thigh. A worshipful hand ran a long finger through its path, gathering the fluid.
The doors to the lab opened just then, emitting a loud squeak as Detective Inspector Lestrade (appearing exhausted and ruggedly handsome as always) made his entrance. He was dishevelled, as he was wont to be; and looked to be on the wrong side of about five strong cups of coffee, and then some.
The world stretched, thin and pliable like ribbon, as warped and strange as images caught on a distorted tape recording.
He let his mind drift a bit as his weary gaze wandered over the textured wallpaper (a repeating lilac orchid pattern, comforting) and inhaled a long deep breath. His shoulder bothered him something fierce, and every other step aggravated his hip wound. It was getting harder and harder to make things work these days, and he wasn’t sure how much longer he could go on this way.
John couldn't exactly agree. While he did manage to successfully implant the device into the younger Holmes, the original procedure had gone horribly awry; and even though there’d been no way of knowing Sherlock would reject the initial Guide donor tissue, John couldn't help but feel the majority of the blame weighing heavily on his shoulders.
Sherlock took the mobile with a quick swipe of his hand, making sure no one saw the small electronic device make its way into his Belstaff.
She swept a heavy-lidded gaze over the diminutive Omega and smiled, brushing a hand to smooth over the glossy chignon secured at her neck.
, a crippled army doctor, here within the esteem and love of a man so beautifully flawed it pained his heart to look at Sherlock’s face and know his feelings were fully reciprocated.
But by far, his favourite memories of Enid Watson were when she used to read to him at night, just before tucking him in under hand-made patchwork quilts. It wasn’t so much the stories that had him so enthralled, but her voice…because she had
He was quite settled in, one leg lounging over the other, when John returned from the annex kitchen with the kettle brimming with fresh water from the taps. Once it was powered and heating, John wasted no time in sitting at this desk and clasping his hands in front of him in a classic defensive posture. Mycroft immediately saw it for what it was, an invisible wall, a line in the sand labelled 'thou shalt not pass.'
Marcus’ body convulsed, his lips twitching, expression pained. John knew what this was; he’d seen it so many times before on the battlefield, it wouldn’t be long now.
Molly surveyed the eight glossy snapshots of the victims, each murder captured in full colour and gloriously morbid detail. Just because she did this every day, didn’t make looking at these unfortunates any easier.
Instead, he dove towards John, wrapping his Belstaff around the man, alarmed by the large pool of coppery, tacky blood that surrounded his Omegas lower body.
That John could feel all these things about seducing a complete stranger, a boy really, was entirely worrisome. It was probable that the Alpha was only here on orders and truly didn’t mean him any harm (though honestly the Nuremburg defence was really no defence at all), and that was the only thing that prevented the erstwhile soldier from planting a bullet directly into the Alpha’s frontal lobe.
. He stifled that thought the moment it floated to the surface, now was not the time for distraction, now was not the time for
“Julia!” Brandy frowned, placing a gentling hand on the Beta woman’s arm. She looked back to John with fear in her eyes, and a touch of sadness, “are you even going to tell us where you’re going?”
The Omega straightened, the scent in the room taking on a spicy air of wilful disobedience that made the almost feral Alpha grunt in surprise. Immediately, John swung both his arms around, catching Sherlock’s hand and overextending the wrist painfully, causing the man to gasp and stumble.
He enveloped the small ginger Omega in a desperate hug and squeezed her reassuringly, talking lowly into her ear. “Now you listen to me Brandy, and you listen to me good:
The last time Sherlock and John shared a cab, it was a drawn out, silent, uncomfortable affair. John had sat stiffly on his side of the seat, and Sherlock kept his nose to his mobile as if John barely existed. Though the Omega was mildly acquainted with the address, he knew it was all the way across London, and (against his better judgment) he thought maybe this time he’d strike up a conversation with the apex Alpha.
for heaven’s sakes. Dirty your hands as much as you like, but I am not spending government resources on your little
His clothes hung unflatteringly on his thin frame, both highlighting and concealing his lack of regular meals. Dark rings settled in under his eyes, which glittered with fever. His hair, while still short, stuck to his skull in sweaty clumps, and his beard was so far past unkempt as to be outright laughable. He was surprised he wasn’t stopped by security, if only for the fact that he looked like hell. Honestly, the only thing that didn’t scream ‘homeless,’ was the moderately dirt-free clothing and his lack of offensive odour (courtesy of the Day Centre, once again).
“Dr. Adler wants me to schedule you for your next few appointments.” Jeremy jumped in, rapidly moving his hands across the keyboard, the clacking noise echoing in the large, practically empty, space.
Once he was clear, he rocketed off the bed, delving into his luggage and throwing his clothes here and there, uncaring of where they landed. Pants, vests, and socks flew everywhere, distorting the almost perfect packing arrangement Anthea had no doubt devised. Sherlock prayed the laptop he’d managed to sneak into the zippered attachment was still there, though he could tell just by the feel of the side pouch that it was empty.
John shot a glance at Sherlock; spoon raised halfway towards his mouth, which had fallen open with appropriate surprise.
His blood thrummed in his veins, turbulent and hot, his muscles singing with the extra perfusion of energy and nutrients. He hadn’t felt so keyed up and focussed since his time in Afghanistan. It was a feeling he’d sorely missed.
“You’ve called me here to tell me I will be receiving the treatment as soon as possible, if not for my own safety but for your reputation as well. Surely it doesn’t look well on an expensive retreat such as this to have its newest guest zone within an hour of arriving. What
John sighed, rubbing a hand over his left temple, “Not sure yet. I just, need some time alone. I’ll be back in a few days, yeah, hopefully. Tell Marcus and Sarah for me, would you?”
Then came the mood changes, the restlessness and of course, the nesting. Sherlock wondered if John himself even realized what he was doing, and if he knew that these were all classic signs of an upcoming heat. The man had never had a proper heat after all, and it hadn’t been likely that Irene had the time and motherly wherewithal to sit him down, knit a baby blanket, and explain about the birds and bees.
When the service was over and they were allowed to express their final respects, John was glad that he’d chosen to have an open casket service. Sherlock, with the help of his brother’s deep pockets, managed to choose only the best for Marcus, and their infinite good taste made the casket beautiful and classy instead of gaudy and over-the-top, as it so easily could have been.
John took both items and pocketed them in his worn jeans and placed his phone in the opposite pocket. He then stood, expecting to be dismissed.
“Okay John.” Marcus lifted his head and nosed the air a bit, questioningly.  Then, he silently came to some kind of decision and shambled away, slowly putting one foot in front of another, plodding towards their next meal; whatever it happened to be. John found he rather like playing the ‘What’s Marcus going to bring us to eat?’ game, and even though that one time was a disaster, the quiet man was practical more often than not. He was sure that at this point, both of them would be ridiculously unattractive animate skeletons if not for his administrations. Although he had to admit that while they both towed the line, they weren’t quite emaciated yet.
She rolled a chair up to his stretcher, its wheels making low noises on the ground, then sat down gracefully with a whisper of clean white linen against the elegant crossing of her legs.  With this movement came a wave of scent so powerful, it was all John could do not to retch with the mere strength of it.
The blond returned his authoritative gaze with a firm one of his own; just enough to make it clear that he was not one to be needlessly ordered about. John would follow Sholto’s command, to be sure, but the Major had to do a bit more then stomp about in his boots and glare to gain the Omega’s respect.
“What is this?” The ginger woman asked, flipping the card over once, and then back again, “who is Mike Stamford?”
But, they hadn’t talked about it at all. John knew Sherlock wasn’t the type for flowery explanations and, let’s face it, normal human communication. Regardless, they needed to get this out in the open because, frankly, it was just
John sat in the unoccupied chair, throwing a glare at Barrymore that was truly monstrous. After that, he seemed to gather himself, before turning back to Mycroft, putting on the bravest of faces.
“I…I’ve…” John tried to stand but for some reason his legs simply would not work (useless things), what good were they if not for walking John about when his brain so commanded it?
“As you can see there,” The man nodded, one errant curl dislodged and flirting with the edge of a piercingly vivid eye, “…the name is Sherlock Holmes, and I have a proposition for you Doctor Watson.”
Marcus looked down at the box for a moment; then quite suddenly heaved the container against a nearby stone wall. John flinched and watched in horror as it splattered against the uneven surface in an explosion of rice and some kind of chicken with sauce. The good doctor turned his wide-eyed gaze back towards the Alpha, unsure of what to expect next.
"I heard you last night." Sherlock stated, out of the blue, his large hands caressing the smoothly glowing surface of his violin.
“Thank you,” was all he could manage. He wished he could say more, but it was heartfelt, regardless, "if...if you're hungry, there's...," the Alpha waved his hand, motioning towards the abandoned food resting unmolested on the back of a panda care. She eyed the bag ravenously, then snatched it up before turning around and making her way back to the steps of the bungalow and into the warm arms of her beloved.
When the shining modern façade of the Highlands Centre came into view, a twist of nausea swept through John’s gut, making him realise he needed to either keep his gaze down on the street, or completely level. There would be no quick movements, no running, or jerky turns of the head for the Omega today. If he didn’t know any better he would say he was hungover, what with the pounding at his temples accompanying the nausea. He supposed he should have tried to eat more of the lunch Marcus had brought to them, but really, pork lo mein just didn’t carry the same delicious overtones and temptation it normally did.
His tongue rolled and dipped in his mouth in sympathy, the memories of their one (and only) meeting making Sherlock curl his lip in distaste.
was already responsible for the deaths of a dozen men, the thought that she was free…that she could possibly do this to another latent Omega. Panic rose in his chest, searing hot panic. The flat flooded with Omega pheromones, dampened from injury but oily, frightened and thick.
“Yes John, I wanted to begin the process of making you mine…properly, this time.” He amended, eyes flickering down and accessing some memory he wasn’t particularly proud of - probably the rushed and spontaneous scenting in the hallway if John wanted to hazard a guess.
John, the only thing the British Government excels at is sticking its fat nose into my cases with alarming expediency.” Sherlock huffed, pulling another slide under the metal tines of the microscope. Molly snorted inelegantly next to him, and then covered her mouth as if she realized she should probably behave herself in front of Sherlock’s very powerful older brother.
He raised his gaze to meet Sherlock’s, the other man’s eyes glittered in the soft yellow light, taking on a gem-like quality that John found quite distracting. John looked back down, blinking a few times and reminding himself he needed to
“Really though,” she was quickly losing her patience now, “what would you do with him anyway? Cut him up? Pickle his gonads for posterity? We both know you are not interested in his
He shaved. Close. Ran the mousse through his curls with his fingers and breathed deep the sharp evergreen scent. He dressed: khaki work trousers, blue chambray button down. The fresh sheets pulled taut: crisp. Satisfying. They smelled pleasingly of soap and the cedar wood of his closet shelves. He smoothed the wrinkles flat in his duvet as he made the bed, plumped his pillows, folded the extra quilt at the foot.
“I wasn’t a great husband,” John said finally, apropos of nothing. “I feel like it's important to say that. I never pursued being a husband with much thought or care, didn’t really think I needed to put any work into it. Actually, I probably thought that was mostly Mary’s realm. Her role.”
Sherlock bounds up the short flight of stairs and is pressing his gloved finger to the bell when John catches up. There is a small plaque that reads,
“Anything from Lestrade?” John asks. News of any of the busts had also been conspicuously absent from the papers.
“Ah,” John says, joining him at the window. There was the duvet, pinned to the clothesline, now sopping wet. “Bugger.”
Bobs forward until Sherlock’s cock blocks his airflow, until it smarts, stings, makes John’s back prickle all over, his chest burning. All while Sherlock leaks all over the inside of his cheeks, leaving the taste of himself imprinted on John’s senses.
“Mmm, yes, it has. I was away for some time, and then…” Sherlock eyes slide meaningfully down to John and the person smiles. Says, “
Sherlock yawns and scrubs his hands down his face. “Let’s go to bed. I’ll deal with this in the morning before I pick up the car.”
“I don’t know how to start,” John says, running one hand through his fringe, nerves making his belly writhe, making him feel slightly sick.
Once you cross the threshold to your bedroom the quality of the air changes. You had left your bedroom windows open, genius you, and the air is cooler here and smells of grass and the flowers from Mrs. Haynes’s garden, two flats below.
“G’ night,” John murmurs, his eyes heavy, his body pleasantly satisfied. The last thing he feels as he drifts off is Sherlock’s hand settling on top of his where it lies against the mattress between them beneath the covers.
Sherlock took up the pen and drew a round circle on the page. “This is the sun and lets say these are those aster flowers over there,” Sherlock said, indicating the purple blossoms behind them. Charlotte nodded, her eyes rapt on the page as Sherlock sketched his approximation of a few flowers. “And these are the hives.” He drew a row of boxes. “Since bees see ultraviolet light they use the sun as their fixed point. When the forager returns to the hive she will draw a map for the other bees based on the angle of the food source from the sun.”
He couldn’t hide from the fact that he had known when James kissed him the evening before their final meeting with Moriarty that James felt more for him than Sherlock was capable of reciprocating. He had known it would wound James deeply if he found out that Sherlock did not have the same feelings for him. In those seconds between when James had kissed him, when he was looking at Sherlock with his guileless eyes brimming full of hope, and when Sherlock had leaned in and kissed him back, that by doing this he was both betraying James and also keeping him safe.
Sherlock filled the bathroom sink with cold water and took a deep breath before submerging his face. He held his breath for as long as he could before coming up and exhaling. He did it twice more before he felt his heartbeat slow and his parasympathetic nervous system come online. When he felt able he went to find John.
There is nothing tentative or furtive, there is no hiding from whatever this is burgeoning between you. You both give into it, helpless.
The enormity of the realization, of what John is gaining and of what John now has to lose, hits him square in the chest and knocks the wind out of him.
John can feel the blood hammering against the cock ring, his orgasm stymied, it eddies and pools, water pushing against a dam, and then John can feel it start to
He hadn’t stayed long, though he had been encouraged to do so by Rachel’s husband, Abraham, and their partner, Amira. The three were polyamorous and had been together for seven years. They had four housemates who lived in a room above the detached garage (Amitai and Ezra) and two who lived in the farmhouse (Viva and Ravi). There were two children as well, a three year old who seemed to be plagued with a perpetual snotty nose, and a baby who was often smiling gummily at him from over someone’s shoulder, strapped to the back of a housemate by some kind of intricate system involving what looked like a ludicrously long scarf, but Sherlock couldn’t ever figure out who they belonged to because they were cared for by the whole.
Finally, after what seemed an age, he came to a stop behind me. I shifted my ankles wider and pushed back into him. When the bare skin of my thighs met the rough wool of his trousers I moaned. His hands settled on the arcs of my ribcage, his thumbs moving beneath the edge of the lace, stroking me gently. He moved lower and caught for a moment on the knot of the bow. His hands left me.
Ella’s office is familiar. Safe. Soothing. Water babbles from a fountain on her desk. The walls are painted a dusky rose. Her voice is soft and measured.
He hasn’t slept so deeply in months. Years? He’d underestimated the relief he would feel at coming clean to someone else, how heavy it had been to carry it all, under imminent threat, for so long. John Watson continues to surprise him. Going into this Sherlock had expected a certain level of attachment. The physicality of their arrangement demanded it. What Sherlock hadn’t expected was to develop an emotional attachment. It was easy, he supposes, in the height of infatuation, when hormones ran rampage through your brain and body, to attribute more importance to a relationship than it actually warranted. Rose hued glasses and all that. He is aware that this is a thing people do. But he is not people, nor does he want to be blinded to reality because John makes him feel a certain way.
You did not need to squeeze to make me feel it. I belonged to you, I trusted you, and I was giving you control.
“Oh,” the sound a reverent exhalation as John takes me out into the sylvan spring air. His palm is hot against my skin and I shiver a little at the shocking heat of his touch. We both look down at where he grasps me, wondering at the sight.
Harmony ducks to meet Ani’s eyes through the bookcase. “And Ms. Okafor, Devon just arrived. He’s waiting for you in the basement.”
“I can’t. I’m sorry. I can’t lose this place.” Jenny’s nose is nudging his fist, but John only closes it tighter, his fingernails digging into his palm. Sherlock is looking at him with disdain almost, and John feels cowardly, like he’s being judged for choosing the safer option.
John grins. “I should leave you like this,” he says, wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s ankles, thumbs stroking lightly over the cool skin, before dipping down to trace up the graceful arches of his long feet. “You’ve been a bastard all day,” John says softly, as Sherlock sucks ineffectually at the head of his cock. John drifts his hands higher, over the crinkly hair on the backs of Sherlock’s calves, into the crooks of his knees, and up the trembling planes of his thighs to where his hands are gripping his hips.
He giggles into your kiss and oh, that’s delightful, that’s utterly perfect. How can you make him do that again?
John shivers, the top of his head prickling wildly. His heart leaps and jitters. He laughs shakily, looking up at Sherlock, who is studying him intently.
“You could have called,” Sherlock says as John passes by him to resume his position near the door. Just the possibility of an exit eases his shoulders down from where they’ve drawn up by his ears. John assumes parade rest, pulling courage around him like armor.
John is able, with the reassuring pressure of Sherlock, alive and against him, to shove aside the queasy nausea he feels when he sees once more in his mind’s eye, that billowing coat and the pinwheeling arms, reminding him of a very different leap all together.
John hates himself for it. Hates this part of him that has been so thoroughly conditioned to fear this that it is holding John back. He wants to raze it, burn it all to the ground.
In a flash he is on his back, pressed down into the mattress with Sherlock sitting astride his thighs, looking smug.
“I had a manageable recreational drug habit of which my brother disapproved,” Sherlock corrects. “I do not have a death wish, nor do I have an issue with control. I simply intend to enjoy life to its fullest.”
“Sherlock,” John says, catching a hold of Sherlock’s hands. “I need the…the ring.” He’s breathless, his body glowing, hot and pulsing. Clinging to the edge. “Put the ring on me.”
There was Ellen. Sitting in her yellow kitchen with her white cupboards and ancient hob with its two burners that didn’t work. Outside the window above the sink, golden leaves swirled past, carried on the wind, and clouds skated, wispy as pulled cotton, across the blue sky.
He sits back, bracing himself on his palms as you move lower, nuzzling your way down his stomach, pressing wet open mouth kisses to his caramel, toffee gold skin as you go.
“I could pick you up at 6?” John asked, looking down as his phone lit up. John stood, watching the night vision blue and white screenshot of his mother’s spectral figure framed in her doorway. The vantage point was low and canted upwards at an odd angle and Sherlock thought John must have set up one of the monitors on the peony couch in the sitting room facing his mother’s room. “Sorry, my mum’s up. I need to—”
John slides his hand between Sherlock’s legs and bends it up to stroke along the outside of his thigh.
Sherlock rushes on, “Your mouth probably tastes of last night’s dinner gone to rot and your hair is sticking up all over the place, which shouldn’t be adorable, but somehow it manages it quite stunningly, and you smell like come and body odors I’m not familiar with, but find deeply intriguing, and despite all of that I could not think of any place I’d rather be than right here.”
“What do you want me to do first?” John prompts, pressing his damp palms to his knees. The small Sussex town seething past the windows. People walking, driving, carrying on. John inside, his dick hard in his pants, ready to do anything Sherlock wants.
“What did you have planned?” he repeats. Holding a piece of fish up. Sherlock’s eyes zero in on it. “For me. In the car.”
“So hot,” John says, half-dreaming, half-incoherent with how good Sherlock feels around him. “I want to do that for you every time.”
He doesn’t hold back those parts from John. Sherlock gives all of himself. Has done, from the very first day.
John can clearly see the impression of the plug’s base outlined against the tight fit of Sherlock’s dark grey trousers.
John chuckles huskily. “I had a good teacher. And I’m afraid the feeling is mutual. Feel.” John draws one of Sherlock’s hands down to John’s cock, which is hard and lengthening every second against the tight suit fabric. Sherlock moans and kisses him again, a wild thrumming energy rolling off him.
“What are you laughing at?” He tries to school his expression when he turns but one glance at Sherlock, already red in the face, lips wobbling, chins jiggling, and they both lose it. John joins him, helpless, bending forward, hands on his knees.
Sherlock has a beautiful cock. Long and thick and dusky red. When John wraps his hand around it, it glides through his hand, hot and hard and silky.
Once they passed the honey shed he stopped, the bees’ domain spreading before them. Lucent autumn light spread itself over the green hill. Wind sent the gold leaves shimmering, a few alighting, spinning madly against the clear blue sky. Sherlock turned to them, both pairs of eyes trained on him expectantly.
John positions his pillow beneath his elbows and backs himself up until he can feel the dildo drag against the inside of his thigh. His legs straddle the desk leg as he reaches back and positions the head against his entrance, holding it steady as he slicks it up with lube and then, rocks back…
“Well? We could celebrate your birthday too while we're at it,” he said, sitting up and smiling down at me.
“Well, anyway, Mummy planted all sorts. They had splendid names. Like spies out of a Bond novel or place settings in a gothic romance.” His voice is wistful, soft and sleepy. “The scarlet pippin. The black gillyflower. The pendragon. The pink pearl.”
“I require your assistance,” Sherlock says, his gaze strafing John. A knife whet against a strop. After a single blistering moment that seems to stretch on forever Sherlock glances meaningfully at the room full of people.
Panting, John fumbles at his side and, hands shaking, slicks up the drumstick. Before he can catalogue all the reasons why he shouldn’t, he arranges it, pressing the blunt end just against himself.
The room is dim and quiet around them, lit by the gauzy golden glow of John’s single lamp. The silence broken only by the soft sounds of their mouths parting and the sough of the wind through the trees outside John’s window, like water rushing over stones.
“You were awoken by the sound of Mrs. Hudson leaving the flat and you snuck down, in your current state of dishabille, to see if the cake was done.”
Sherlock’s hand hovered in the air between them. There was a sadness in his eyes that John recognized.
“Hello,” John says, looking tired, as he sets his briefcase down on the floor and deposits his keys into the dish on the side table.
“Thanks again,” John said, his body half turned towards the direction Charlotte had disappeared in. “I’m sorry. My mum, she’s got Alzheimers. I’m trying to get home help right now, but until then it’s just me and…”
-Quick Heads Up: I had originally marked this as rated as teen and up. While most of the story will be appropriate for that level, the story will become explicit later on and stay explicit after that. I polled some readers/writers on Twitter and it seemed that the most respectful thing to do would be to mark this explicit from the beginning instead of changing the rating later on. I've decided to do that. The tags will be the way you can know when the story changes. I add them each time I post a new chapter so if you want to continue reading up until it gets explicit, check the tags! Thanks <3
“S’pose when you’re famous you don’t need to worry about the bill at check out,” Lestrade says as he and John follow Sherlock out of the bathroom and into the bedroom.
“I’m proud of you for making that connection. That shows a lot of growth, Sherlock. Perhaps a NA meeting would help?”
Sherlock shouts as he begins to come, his head dropping back on his neck and then lolling sideways back to front, painting John’s chest in thick pearlescent stripes. John works him through it, until Sherlock collapses on top of him, replacing his tongue for his fingers, kissing John as he shivers through the last infinitesimal quakes of his orgasm.
Thank you all for being here. Thank you for loving these characters. I hope you and yours are well and I'm sending you all my love.
John watches as the drop rolls down the lush swell, heading for Sherlock’s thigh, and, without thinking too much about it, John leans forward to catch it with his tongue.
His heart was beating at a sickening pace and a tremor ran down the length of his body. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and held it.
As John walks along Regent’s Park, taking stock of the last six months, he’s staggered anew at the scale of the devastation. Moriarty had followed through on his IOU and had taken down not only John, but a princess as well. That scandal had been the only thing that saved John from having to settle the second defamation lawsuit when it finally knocked him and Trevor off the headlines.
“You’d know just what to do to make me hard,” John lowers his voice to a murmur, sitting close enough for Sherlock to feel him, hear him, touch him if he needs to.
Sherlock followed him to the door, disappointed that they wouldn’t get a chance to say goodbye. He thrust his hands in his pockets and leaned into the doorframe, watching John step down onto the brick pavers of Sherlock’s patio. As the light in John’s sitting room flashed on and off and then on again, a bright box outlined in the darkness of the hillside, John turned and lifted his hand in farewell, regret and frustration writ in the thin line of his lips and the muscle bunching and jumping in his cheek.
Sherlock slants his gaze down at him, his eyes creased at their corners with amusement. He leans down and whispers, “You can’t prevent an inevitability, John.”
John’s back prickles up. Is he so obvious? How fucking humiliating. John has to fight the impulse to just give it up and tell Sherlock to suck his own damn cock.
They sit next to each other. John on the inside so that their elbows don’t jostle as they eat. Sherlock’s left hand rests on John’s knee, the heat of his palm seeping through John’s jeans to bloom across his skin. Across from them, their shopping bags fill the other bench of the booth. Their beers drip condensation onto the tabletop in shiny mirrored pools. A woman sits at the back of the restaurant doing sums on an old calculator, the type that writes up bills. The whir of typewriter wheel and the clack of the keys punctuates the sounds of the restaurant.
“Do you need more, Sherlock?” I trembled and nodded, bit down on my bottom lip. Yes. Yes to whatever he was offering. I needed more. I wanted more. More of him. As much as he was willing to give me.
It doesn’t take long to prepare you. You feel a current arcing between you, a desperate urgency to be joined. Is he thinking, as you are, of how you might have met a year ago if he hadn’t…
“Watch me. Watch me take you.” Sherlock’s voice growling in John’s ear. John awash in waves of light, he tries to do as Sherlock says. Tilting his chin down against his chest. Watching Sherlock’s cock pounding into him, below and in front of him. Each thrust sets the beads rocking right over his prostate with precision every time. “Watch me, John. Look how you’re taking us both. You’re taking us both so well. But you’re mine. You’re mine, John. I’m inside you. Oh, God.”
The fluorescent light buzzes above them, the white light striking through Sherlock’s black hair like lightning bolts through a thunder cloud.
They lie there in silence for a moment and John relaxes into it. The steam licks at his cheeks, raising blood to the surface and he can feel his muscles start to loosen.
“Can I meet David now?” Charlotte said into the uncomfortable silence that had fallen over the room and Hayley, only too eager to escape whatever was going on with the adults, pushed back her chair and took Charlotte’s hand. Laura joined them as they filed out the door.
John undoes the top three of Sherlock’s shirt buttons, baring his chest. John puts the bell into Sherlock’s hand and guides it up until it rests on Sherlock’s pec, just right of center.
John yawns and tries to think of where else they might be. The housekeeper had been there just that morning. “Dryer?” he suggests.
“You don’t have to tell me why yet, unless you’re ready. Like I said before, I don’t want to build a foundation on lies. Are you ready to tell me now?”
“Frottage sounds pretty fantastic right now actually,” he said, sounding rueful. He was right, it did sound fantastic. We engaged in that particular act on a frequent and very satisfactory basis. It was beautifully suited to a quick morning shag, in fact. But I wanted something a bit different today.
“I could,” he whispers, whispering as you clutch at him, riding the long thick line of him, grinding down, pressing close, close, “I could,” panting, “just,” so softly moaning, “touch you,
John guides his cock forward, drawing a line between Sherlock’s cheeks with the fat head and leaving behind a gleaming streak. Sherlock’s hole is shadowed, almost obscured, but John palms Sherlock’s left cheek, pulling it to the side and it’s revealed, dusky mauve and puckered.
He turns his head to the side, lifts it to peer over his shoulder at John, curls falling in his eyes.
John doesn’t rise to the bait—they have been through it well enough before, when Sherlock was dead; the fact that John sleeps with women, but falls in love with men is well established—but a hot feeling spreads throughout his entire body, rising to burn behind his eyes.
Sherlock’s eyebrows are arching towards his hairline as he rocks back on his heels, studying John with all the attention he normally reserves for murder suspects or corpses. John chews the inside of his cheek, a nervous buzz in his stomach.
Vivica Brown was the chair. She was the area’s most prolific beekeeper with more than a hundred hives. Ian Radcliffe was the President, a retired beekeeper with over fifty years experience. Now he ran a community apiary where beekeeper’s could use a plot to keep their hives. Ian’s partner, Richard, was Treasurer. They met in a large room in St. John’s Church, a circle of folding chairs set in the middle of the room with a spread of tea and biscuits laid out on a table at the back.
John’s voice is shocked and hoarse when he says, “Christ, you must feel like you’re all alone in this world.”
“Bugger,” John muttered under his breath, his mouth hardening into a thin line, worry lines feathering his eyes. “That’s my mum. I’ve got to—“ He looked at Charlie.
,” Sherlock exhales, sharp above him, as John moves on, nosing down the inside of Sherlock’s left thigh.
John’s hand lands on his left cheek with a loud snap and Sherlock moans, eyes squeezed shut in bliss.
John is pretty sure he will remember the sound of Sherlock’s laughter forever. The uninhibited sweetness of it. The raw happiness. Raucous and hoarse and pure. John collects them like sea shells, storing them away for later.
With the fat spongy head sliding along the top of his palate, he succeeds. John’s other hand falls onto the back of Sherlock’s head, lightly at first, helplessly, as if he needs an anchor.
“There’s some on the bottom shelf of my nightstand,” John says, and Sherlock leans forward, twisting his torso off the bed to fetch it. John’s hand slips all the way around Sherlock’s cock as he moves, and as Sherlock straightens his mouth hovers over John’s as John gives him his first full stroke and he moans and shivers and moans again.
John shakes his head. Drags his tongue across the pink pink seam of his lips. Wet. “It’s just.” Smiling. The wind returns to rifle through his fringe once more, sweeping it over his forehead a bit. Making him look a bit boyish, a bit rakish, and more than a bit delicious. I watch, rapt, as John drops his hand down between us. “There’s a bit of rather friendly nudging going on over here.” Murmured low, and oh, look at how his eyes grow dark. My heart skips a bit as John’s hand trails over the—yes, he’s right, I am half hard—slight bulge in the front of my trousers.
“Oh, yes. Oh, oh.” Sherlock’s cock is throbbing, John can feel the pre-come, wet against his inner thigh.
“So maybe I’m a little more unapologetic about seeking that feeling out, but all humans are pleasure seeking, pain avoidant by nature. Freud called it the Pleasure Principle, but it’s been born out by neuroscientists.”
“John!” he’s exclaiming. He hasn’t called him that before. Sherlock furrows his brow at it, strange on his tongue, but he can’t conjure anything else. This man who is turning Sherlock inside out, his hame is John, and Sherlock’s mouth forms it over and over as he gets the most thorough tongue fucking of his life. He can feel his orgasm building hot at the tops of his thighs as John slides a finger in beneath the prodding thrust of his tongue, curving it down until his fingertip is pressing down on Sherlock’s prostate like it’s a launch button.
“Anytime you need seeing to, I’ll be there,” John says, licking into Sherlock’s ear. Pushing the wet tip of his tongue inside and letting his breath cool the skin before he does it again. “I’ll be there for you, I’ll be so hard and good for you, Sherlock, for whatever you need.”
John backs off slowly, enjoying the feeling of having the weight of a cock on his tongue again. He wraps his hand around Sherlock as he backs off slowly, pumping him tight and quick as he pops off the crown.
The first time their cocks touch, they both lose the plot and, holding their breaths, move in tandem: a slow roll of their hips.
Sherlock drags John back up to his mouth, sets upon it, hungry, his big hands cupping John’s elbows, urging him gently back towards the bed.
Sherlock and Irene are still locked in an intense stare. “Easier to bury and hide what they’re doing, easier to launder the money if it can be diluted through other subsidiaries.”
He stared at me for a moment before glancing around us furtively. A small smile played at the corners of his lips. His eyes slid up to meet mine. He leaned closer to me.
John collapses on his side, draws his knees up to his chest and fixes his eyes on a crack running up the wall opposite him. He traces it, over and over, over and over, like Underground maps on the Tube, taking short breaths that break apart like shrapnel in his chest, pain lodging in the back of his throat and breastbone.
On the edge of imperious, “And I suppose this is rather obvious, but best to be clear: I’d require sex. Lots of it. As much as you’d allow.”
He’s instantly filled again by a stiff hard length which pulses it's tapered end against Sherlock’s prostate.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock murmurs, “this is the best possible news I’ve had in weeks. We absolutely
Sherlock looked out over the white shrouded grounds. The sun was already breaking through; it would rise soon enough. Sherlock turned back to his rumpled bed. It was Sunday, a day for chores.
Hayley, Laura, Charlotte, and John piled in through the kitchen as Sherlock and Ellen were putting out plates and the boisterous retelling of Charlotte’s meeting with the animals commenced, filling the kitchen with laughter. John stroked Charlotte’s hair as she talked, his eyes meeting Sherlock’s over the heads of the teenagers who were crowding around the desserts. Their gazes locked for a moment and John’s mouth lifted in a small smile.
John’s hands sliding up Sherlock’s arms which are crooked above his head. His head which is hanging off the edge of the mattress, forehead pressed to the worn-thin sitting room rug.
“Sherlock Holmes,” the man cuts in, offering his hand. As their eyes meet, the man shakes his head in the minutest of ways, signalling to John that he’d rather not bring up the events of last night either.
John looks up at him. He’s leaning forward, balanced on the tips of his fingers, head hung between his shoulders.
“Darling boy, you’re not alone anymore. Can’t you see? I don’t want you to protect me, I want you to be my partner. My equal. I want it to be us, Sherlock, us against the rest of the world.” John’s hand slides against Sherlock’s cheek and into his hair, rifling softly through his curls.
Sherlock disappears into the kitchen to plug the kettle in and John finds a spot for the box atop a few others in the corner.
“Before I go, I was wondering if I might get your number? Or give you mine?” John asked, as he stepped out onto the porch. It was dark and quiet and the cold air felt good on Sherlock’s hot cheeks.
“Great.” John leaned in and pressed a quick peck to Sherlock’s cheek, before he stood. “I’ll see you then.”
It’s not that it’s not extremely tempting. In fact, John feels a deep longing to do just that. It was a thing they did now. Him and Sherlock. When John had had a long day at the surgery. They’d go to bed early, at the weekend sometimes ridiculously so, before the winter sun had set, and Sherlock would lie down on his back and John would climb on top of him and Sherlock would rub John’s back and they would talk about their days.
“More,” Sherlock begs, sobs, as he watches John reach out to touch his fingers to where Sherlock’s arsehole is slowly closing up, dipping his fingers in and out, sliding down Sherlock's passage, as Sherlock moans and moans.
John licks his lips, heart pummelling his ribs like a fist. “I want to be you tonight.” Sherlock’s eyes squint, uncomprehending. “I want you to be Sir and I want to be your boy,” John says, taking the chance. “I want you to show me what you want your Don to be like.”
“You’ve devoted your whole life to healing people, to helping them, with hardly any thanks or recognition. Including from me.” Sherlock sighs. “This whole week you’ve been willing to try anything I’ve asked you to. Even when it was scaring you. I don’t want you to have to do that. I want you to tell me when I’m pushing you too far. I have to be able to trust you to do that, John. To say no to me.”
“Why does she waggle her butt like that?” Charlotte asked, her eyes scrunched at their corners and her mouth restless as if she was holding back a laugh.
“Then you’ve obviously missed something,” Sherlock snapped, finally turning the key, his fingers numb and ponderous. He pushed the door open and stepped inside.
John’s certain he won’t survive it when Sherlock pouts his lips and runs them across the fat, plummy head of John’s cock, spreading the moisture from his leaking slit across the red bow of his lips, as he looks up at John with glinting, mischievous glee at getting to take his revenge.
“I’m really, really sorry that you’re going through all of that,” John says, running a hand through his hair. “I realize that this program might not be the reason why you’re here, but it’s been important to me, really important, and I want to respect its rules.”
It's uncomfortably warm inside, the windows are fogged with steam, and John is sweating in his jumper. Sherlock is down to his shirtsleeves, the cuffs rolled up to his elbows. Gaudy, flashing Christmas lights are strung about haphazardly, trimmed with sprigs of holly here and there. Carols on the radio play softly in the background.
Remembers: the darkness and the wheeling-whirling-whipping neon lights synced to the beat of the bass, the pop-techno rhythm pounding like a drum in his chest, adrenaline fizzing beneath his skin.
He took one good look at both women and sighed, he didn’t really want to do this. He pulled a neatly folded wad of pound notes from his back pocket (courtesy of his pension) and handed it to Julia. She accepted this without a word, as it was a relatively common transaction between the two. John was certain Julia was squirreling most of it away for the baby. For Brandy, he pulled out a taupe coloured business card from his wallet; it was thick, with a respectable linen finish. He passed it to the heavily pregnant Omega.
John felt a familiar wetness in his armpits and knew that his sweating was due his nerves getting the better of him. He needed to focus and pull himself together or no one would take him, or his gender, seriously.
Both women nodded, though they seemed reluctant to do so. Brandy levelled Julia with a concerned stare that spoke volumes, and placed the business card in the back pocket of her scruffy jeans. John gave them both light, tender kisses on their cheeks before he quit their room, wondering, truly, if he would ever see them again, or if he had just made a complete liar out of himself.
“An excellent theory,” Mycroft admitted begrudgingly, “but our surveillance and chatter analysis have led to no such conclusion. It appears Wilkes and Adler were acting on their own…even Dr. Frankland was but a peripheral component in their schemes.”
“We’ll see about that, won’t we? Or not.” John’s reply was terse and almost downright rude. He gripped the front of his borrowed shirt and jutted his chin out at them, indicating his clothing. “What do I do with this? Where is this landlady that has my things? I’d like to leave now, if you please.”
“There’s no reason to change our course now. We continue with the information we’ve been given, but when we get inside…” Sherlock stopped, only for a moment, to regard to the smaller man, “how are you at improvising?”
“We’ll try again of course, possibly in a different area of the body.” Barrymore swung his gaze round to Mycroft, visibly eager to appease the man. “It would take weeks to locate another suitable donor, but luckily, ehm…we have another one already. The rarest match of all, so there’s little chance the second procedure will fail.”
When he finally began his journey up the inordinately wide steps, the elaborately carved double doors swished open, sending a rush of sickly rose-scented air into his face, ruffling his messy curls and drawing a sneer of immediate disgust. A woman, short, with fire red hair (processed in a colour that Sherlock only assumed did not exist in nature but only in hair dye) rushed forward quickly, extending a hand and waving Johnson behind her and towards the front desk.
He rolled his hips, wriggling in wanton abandon when another particularly fierce push forced the man’s sizeable prick deeper inside his entrance, moving his knees along the rough cotton that made up their government issued bedsheets.
Sherlock made to take a sip from his coffee before the scent of the liquid soured and became offensive. He growled and threw the mug across the room, watching as it shattered in an explosion of ceramic dust and shards.
“Alright, come on. We need to figure something out. Let’s go back to the bridge first; I need to wrap my head around…whatever just happened.”
a painful thought), the stiff bearing, and – most telling of all – the complete lack of any background information included with the picture.
got ahold of it.” His arm swung in a wide arc, as if by saying ‘they’ he really meant the whole of London proper. “I did some of my own tests. This is coated paper, specifically coated in kaolinite or china clay as it is colloquially known. This sheet, and others like it was milled to a gloss finish, suited for high resolution printing and display, such as
All at once the smell almost knocked Sherlock back into the horrid plastic ficus situated just behind the serving queue. He wasn’t entirely sure this was food, it couldn’t be food, could it? Sherlock could smell all manner of chemicals that certainly did not belong in a traditional curry and inwardly cursed his Sentinel senses – they’d put him off cheap take-out and lesser quality food since puberty.
In the end, the service was a small, private affair, and the attendees numbered only a few. John sat with Sherlock in front, Brandy, Julia, and little Lilliana (tiny, wide-eyed, and brand new to this big, bright world) to their left while Marcus’s family sat alone on the right side of the church. Sarah and Bill sat more towards the back, and even through the prayers and short dedications, he could hear the young woman sniffling.
John would come to him if he wished, and if not…well, that was an unpleasant thought appropriately left for dark and dreary days filled with tortured violins and dying fires.
Sherlock performs analysis on the pills, John attempts to discuss Sherlock's relationship status...or lack thereof. Sherlock, is as always, Sherlock.
“I asked if you’d got your ‘flu jab yet?” She repeated, disinfecting the crook of his arm as she prepared the needle and tubes for the blood draw.
He was vertex Omega, and as such, he was told he had some control over this. He wasn’t about to just strip, burrow under the covers and present his ass in the air for anyone to come by and catch a whiff.
, John would certainly need a little extra bit from the taps for this. He anxiously depressed the button for the machine and swallowed, though his mouth remained dry.
Sherlock heaved a long-suffering sigh and managed to pull himself away from his rather avid slide inspection.
“Are you my two o’clock? Um…” He looked down for a moment, before glancing back towards the doctor, “John Hamish Watson?”
The Omega closed his eyes and succumbed to the motion of the kiss, if one could call it simply a kiss. It seemed more like the meeting of two souls connected only by breath and the touch of one fervent mouth to another. His lover sensed his distraction, and wasted no time in using it to his advantage. He broke off the kiss, and spent a long moment hovering over John’s face. They were nose to nose but John still could not see. He sensed the Alpha’s radiating warmth and felt his sweet, steaming hot breath caress his bottom lip. The spittle quickly evaporated around John’s mouth, and he circled upwards with his hips once, bumping their groins together and reminding the other man of his need.
“I didn’t know I saw,” Sherlock continued in his crisp public school diction, the kind that made John’s heart thump a little harder and left hand flex unconsciously, “You’re a trained doctor, that much is obvious since first I met you. My homeless network actually calls you the ‘Good Doctor’ so no real deduction needed there. When I came across you in that alley the first night, it became clear you knew how to fight, and I’m not talking about dirty pub-type fighting, but actual grappling and hand to hand combat. Most doctors usually don’t receive that kind of training. When I brought you back to my flat, you were unconscious and mumbling; you mentioned a Major Sholto, a rather large clue there, as you can see. When you woke and cleaned up, I noticed you had taken the clippers to your hair in what is known as ‘military regulation’ or close to it. It comforts you, to revert back to your military ways, or as near to it as possible. You have a wound to your left shoulder and another to your right hip. As I obviously have not seen you unclothed I cannot ascertain as to what caused these wounds, though your limp is rather prominent and your hip pains you more often than not. So,” he paused then, glancing at John, his eyes glowing vividly in the muted light of the cab, “an Army Doctor honourably discharged due to injuries sustained in battle. Easy.”
John blinked and shook his head, fringe glancing upon his forehead lightly, “Right, well um, after you left, we decided to use my mobile to transmit audio from during the appointment. But afterwards, all that was recorded was just a bit of noise, bit bothersome actually.”
Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, and Lestrade all suddenly felt like the third, fourth, and fifth wheel in this little gathering, and eventually moved along. Lestrade and Mycroft paired up, exiting out of the door and talking lowly about the case and the repercussions of Irene Adler’s escape. Mrs. Hudson twittered nervously about the entrance to 221A, bemoaningthe fact that she’d already left her best tea serving tray upstairs, and as such was not directly able to make them fresh tea, as the newly properly reunited couple deserved. She vanished into her own apartment, promising tea in a bit, should they wish to wait.
Good. Now you know why you decided to be who you are, and you can’t let some pretty-eyed Alpha ruin the equilibrium you cried and fought so hard for.
“Yes well, he stormed right in here, scared Jeremy half to death and helped himself to the back offices - as pushy as you please!” The young woman labelled the cylinders, pulling several pre-printed stickers containing John’s information on each one.  “Thing is, they didn’t ask him to leave! They just…let him scream at them. It’s…not normal that is, that kind of behaviour.”
The other man visibly flinched, one hesitant tear falling from the tip of his nose to darken his dirty jeans in a perfectly rounded circle above his thigh. He breathed in, shakily and only said one word. If John hadn’t been listening quite so closely, he might have missed it. Truly, I was naught but a whisper.
“Mr. Holmes,” Barrymore’s puerile introduction was interrupted by John himself, one hand rubbing over his brow. “This would have been better had we met under different circumstances?
“So you’ve volunteered for this study and they’re having you take these pills, yeah? Did they tell you anything about them? I mean, did they say what they’re actually supposed to do pharmacologically?”
John closed the cabinet door as quickly and quietly as possible, taking his seat as he heard the tell-tale jingle of keys. In less than a minute, the young nurse was poking her head through the widening crack in the door.
Thus, he found himself stood in front of his commanding officer, Major James Sholto. He looked a little worse for wear, as Johnson had managed to get in a lucky punch or two. But John quickly showed that loud mouthed cunt what it was like to go up against someone with the grudge of a lifetime, who wasn’t afraid of getting hurt or dealing out a week’s worth of pain in bruises and broken bones. John smiled to himself slightly, only wincing a bit at the cut on his swollen lower lip; Johnson certainly wouldn’t be making smart remarks about the Omega anymore.
As for Sherlock himself, he rushed past the mousy woman without a thought and scrutinized John from head to toe. It was patently unnerving, and John could feel his face flush with the intensity of his gaze.
"Wh-what?" Johnson managed before he retched, heaving several ounces of questionable fluid wetly onto the cracked dirt. "I – I think I'm okay. D-didn't even get hit," he smiled, glassy eyed. He seemed unaware that he'd just vomited. He appeared as equally unaware that his own Land Rover lay in a glowing heap not 10 metres away from his body. "Don't feel a thing, really."
Sherlock pressed the makeshift ice compress gently onto his left cheekbone. It had begun to swell, and would result in a most glorious bruise that John’s former hand-to-hand instructor would have been quite proud of. The Alpha himself winced a bit, moving the muscles in his face to check for any other damage (although John had already taken a good look and declared him ‘not going to die’), of which there was none, unless you counted bruised pride.
the implant,” he sighed, pulling off his gloves. “But I’ve never seen it done so quickly, and there was no indication…none at all…”
His symptoms had become noticeably worse on his trip home on the tube. The hostile stares and sniffs of disdain from the other passengers on the car had begun to grate on his nerves. Though, truth be told, he didn’t much care at the time. The haze of fever and nausea kept his mouth shut and eyes mostly closed. He was wracked with intermittent shivers, leaving him cold and yet viciously hot at the same time. It was too soon to take another dose of paracetamol, although at this point he might chance a wee bit of liver damage if it meant even a modicum of relief.
John stepped through the doors, relishing the warm gust of air that caressed his face as he did so. It was a right bit more comforting that he really thought it should be, considering he wasn’t entirely sure he would even be leaving this building alive.
“John?” Jacqui prompted, worried wrinkles appearing at the corners of her mouth. She was a lovely woman…perhaps a little bossy.
It took a moment for John to stop staring at Sherlock in abject wonder. How was it possible for him to tell the chemical structure of the casing from
He ran his dirty hands across his equally dirtied face, waiting for the silent Alpha to answer his question. But Sherlock only stood stiffly, his slender back towards John, apparently lost in thought. After a moment, he turned around slowly, eyeing the good doctor in a way that John knew for sure spelled trouble.
Did this mean he cared for him? Is that what all this was about? Or was he just apologizing to his friend in the same way one stranger apologizes to another when they accidentally bump shoulders in the street? John exhaled slowly for a good long minute, the jumble of his emotions once again playing havoc with his physical well-being. This was all too much to take in right now. He didn’t want to ruin this, but he also didn’t want to over-analyse what had just happened. They would have to have another talk, tonight, at the bungalow.
“Delegation, brother dear,” the older man ignored the stab at his propensity towards pastries and slipped a thumb drive into his freshly booted laptop, “although I don’t think we will need it after all. The initial few minutes were informative enough to gain us a substantial lead. Quite auspicious, don’t you think?”
He twisted his arms, testing his bonds again, every movement initiating a pounding in his head that left him both exhausted and nauseous at once. The bindings held true.
Sherlock had almost lost count of how many corridors he’d run through, of how many dead ends he’d suffered in pursuit of his quarry.
Dr. Barrymore veritably jumped from his chair, stammering more nonsensical apologies and upsetting a rather large stack of folders on his desk. They tilted, tipped, and then quickly fell to the ground in a fantastic display of gravity and air resistance, the papers flipping and sliding on air currents down to the floor. Dr. Barrymore’s face turned maroon, a quite alarming colour for a fully grown man, and he hastily gathered up the guts of each folder before dashing out the door for the requested coffee.
“Are you alright?” The Alpha asked; something similar to concern in his voice. Sherlock’s voice was soft, the timbre low and intimate, and John felt that (just for a moment) they were the only two people that mattered. There was no one else, just the two of them against the rest of the world. The thought supplied him with a modicum of comfort and he managed a weak smile, just a twitch at the corner of his lips, and nodded.
, John thought wryly as he wriggled his way out of his trousers, leaving them sopping and in a heap in front of Sherlock’s bedroom door.
Sherlock moved above him, thumbs massaging his jawline as his lips avidly pulsed and moved against John’s own. His tongue, the curious and exceptional thing that it was, searched John’s mouth, seeking the knowledge and truth of his love in its exploration.
With great effort, he managed to trudge up the stairs, the simple act of putting one foot in front of the other taking much more energy than it did earlier this afternoon. He had to stop halfway, swiping a hand across his brow and clenching a fist in his soiled coat…damn, it was even getting hard to breathe.
“Capsules taken by Jimmy before he died. He’d given me a sample, but Sherlock found them to just be sugar pills really. No actual medication at all. So…explain to me again about this experimenting? And what is that you’re looking at exactly?” The line of tawny blob filled slides had only increased since John had entered the morgue, and he was more than a bit curious as to what they actually contained.
The voice coalesced far beyond him, settling somewhere near the blinking gems of Way Out signs and heavy, fire escape doors.
Dr. Frankland’s lips pressed together, unconvinced, his feverish eyes darting between Irene and the blond trapped behind the glass.
Neither of them knew where Sherlock had disappeared to. If one wanted to describe the current atmosphere in 221B, there probably wouldn’t be a better phrase than ‘tense beyond all heretofore imaginings.’ Sherlock had absconded to parts unknown almost immediately after the row with his brother, and had not contacted them since. It wasn’t completely out of character, so neither men was especially worried as of yet. Still, he hadn’t quite been in his right mind when he flew down the stairs, hurled the front door open and took off down the street, uncomprehending of the chaos he was leaving behind.
John couldn’t help but crack a smile, tremulous though it was, “Been into the Lion bars again, have you?”
With a heaving breath, John came back to his senses; ashamed that he allowed even that brief moment of melancholy to cloud his thoughts. No doubt Sherlock was reacting to the scant amount of pheromones he was emitting, although with his sensitive nose it was probably obvious to him that John was less than happy.
Either way, it would be remarkably final - and when the time came for his heart to push that final last 60 or 70 millilitres of blood through its chambers, that bastard would know exactly why John couldn’t allow it to pump any more. His days of breathing, and sweating, and laughing, and
With every painful step, John began to regret his hasty decision. It wasn’t like him to consciously reject a plea for help, nor did he make it a habit to openly lose his temper. Of course, he was rather blindsided by the two Alphas, and the insistent but soft pounding at the base of skull certainly didn’t help his patience.
He stayed quiet, rubbing the soles of his shoes against each other, staring at the ground. The tightness in his chest, the vice around his ribcage was a sentient, horrid thing – and he waited (still he was waiting), on the day he’d wake up and finally have the courage to end this pointless charade of life.
The two tonne vehicle toppled like a cheap plastic army toy, just like the flaming mass ahead of it. However, this one landed on the driver's side, relatively intact with nothing but the groans of men and unsecured supplies strewn about the inside.
It had been hours. Hours and hours of toner receipts, syringe recalls, carpet cleanings, and insipid transcripts of customer service representatives arguing over whether or not their phone messaging system was to blame for automated menu malfunctions or if the servers were on the fritz.
No, the Alpha was sure he’d come to the right conclusion, and as such, he wanted this to be entirely John’s decision.
“Jesus, don’t stop…” His Omega pleaded, bucking his hips up once as Sherlock buried his face in the dark blonde patch of hair at his groin. Sherlock suppressed his immediate desire to take a mouthful of the hair and
“Ha!” Sherlock spun away, collecting and stacking his various slides into their holders, probably with a little more force than he should have, “don’t fool yourself John Watson, I don’t  have
John took the offered paper with a forced smile and stuffed it unceremoniously into his left pyjama bottom pocket, not even bothering to give either of the Alphas the satisfaction of looking at it in front of them.
“You’re not here.” He wasn’t, not really. Sherlock had spent many hours fortifying his palace against outside intruders, and he found it slightly disturbing what it meant that this man, this
“Sir, no Sir.” John replied, keeping his posture as wooden as necessary. He took in Major Sholto with one long, critical gaze. The man was older and taller than John, but most everyone was, with a build that spoke of time spent running and swimming than lifting weights or long hours at the gym. His hair was extremely fair, a lighter blond than John’s own, and cut in standard military style. His eyes were a dusky blue, similar to John’s navy, but greyer. That jawline, John mused, was a wee bit squarer and more finely cut than it had any right to be. The shape of it drew John’s eyes across the expanse of his handsome face, which then settled, resting on the generous curve of his lips. The man was pleasantly put together, John finally admitted to himself, trying not to accept that fact that by saying ‘pleasantly put together’ what he really meant was bloody
He recognized the beeping now for what it was - a monitor. Various wires and sensors flowed from his hands and chest to someplace just beyond his head and beyond his sight. He blinked once, twice, and then finally a third time, breath hitching and eyelids dislodging his tears.
“He took them yesterday, judging by the timestamp on his mobile, when he had his last appointment at the study. Though I’m not exactly sure as to what process of logic he used when deciding what pictures to actually take.”
John let that question settle for a moment, felt it gain weight and lay upon them, a single request that somehow seemed impossible to answer.
It was only a moment, a moment’s distraction, to unhook a small metal tine from a hole in a leather strap, but really, that was all it he needed.
“Oh, Mr. Holmes, the mess you’ve made!” Mrs. Martha Hudson glowered in her especially matronly way, setting her ancient and stained tea tray down on the chest of drawers and fisting her hands upon her hips.
Lubrication was not the issue; it was the pure size of Sherlock’s cock that made their coupling so fragile and tender. His apex Alpha had to be gentle, for John had never been with an Alpha before, and it had been quite some time since Major Sholto.
The woman’s voice on the other end was timid and fretful, but he didn’t care. He needed a distraction, and this call couldn’t have come at a better time.
But then a wave of true, blessed calm washed over his mind. It was singular, different, an erratic energy that suffused his body and brought him to real, final purpose.
His tone veritably crackled through the line, and John felt the fine hairs on his forearm rise to attention. Then suddenly – he could see him, James (Jim), sat in the same chair he now held in a death-grip, peering up him. John’s attention was fixated, Jim’s brown eyes trusting and full of the ignorant gleam of youth.
John raised tired eyes to the taller Alpha, his jumper gathered close to reveal less of his scar-torn chest. “Nothing would have happened, he would have…he would have just finished his scenting. He protects me, Sherlock, he would never hurt me!”
The first floor was less of an assault on his senses. The horrid rose-scented miasma that greeted him as he entered the building tapered off into a more neutral, almost dusty smell. It wasn’t unpleasant, like mould or old, unused things, but more like the loamy scent of the outdoors. It was natural, like fresh dirt or wet sand.
They made their own way through the door, locking it behind them, though in afterthought that was a laughable gesture.  There wasn’t anything of worth in that tiny space, unless someone was out to steal wilted feathers and rat feces.
He started to the sound of the door opening behind him, purposefully stilled his jittery hands at his side, trying to appear a little more composed than how he felt.
I grew up with a friend who was epileptic. I was describing a tonic-clonic (grand mal) seizure in this chappie. The medication given to Irene is 10mg intranasal midazolam, which is a benzodiazepine used to alleviate status epilepticus. In the US we usually use diazepam or lorazepam, but I read that in europe they use midazolam more often. The blood tinged froth absolutely happens. I saw my best friend have dozens of seizures and she would foam at the mouth and bleed from biting down on her tongue. It's pretty awful. Thankfully, they got her meds situated and all is well now :)
A million hugs and kisses to all who read, rec, kudos, and comment on my wee lil ficcie! You are wonderful.
“John,” he managed, though he could feel his throat closing tight, “please, you must – you have to calm down.”
with.” His grin faded to a slight moue of disgust, he didn’t appear to particularly relish this topic.
The flat was more or less how he remembered it though:  the couch on the north wall, the steel and leather chair, the hideously upholstered maroon recliner that John sat in last time, and so on and so forth. The entire space was awash with the scent of the apex Alpha, the spicy notes of wood smoke and pipe tobacco meandered through the air, unseen but felt like wintry drafts in an old Victorian mansion.  John allowed himself a moment to breathe it all in, and wondered what it would be like to be wrapped in that scent always. What it would be like to wake up with it slithering all around him, pervading his senses, all encompassing. Almost like a lifetime promise of love and protection.
“John,” Sherlock finally spoke, voice unsure and wavering, “…um, the original circumstances of my plan have changed somewhat. There are other ways you can assist in the investigation, if you wish…you don’t have to-”
“Um…the same? I dun’ really know. Sorta ‘aven’ been payin’ ‘tention.” Again, he rolled his shoulders slightly, glancing around the dingy bungalow.
“I was never alarmed,” he gripped his mug and tasted the coffee (excellently prepared) in an effort to hide his blatant lies, “though I find myself in desperate need of an explanation. Like, who on Earth could you alert in my own mind palace but me?”
Upon recalling the last several days, the last two weeks actually, John realized he’d been blessedly free of his own personal Jacob Marley.
Marcus dropped the paper bag he held at his side, uncaring as it plopped to the ground and fell to its side, spilling its contents onto the cold, wet cement.
When John finally opened the door, he found Sherlock pacing agitatedly across the sitting room. From John’s line of sight, he saw the man’s form dart across the doorway several times, each time in a new and dramatic in-motion pose. His slick baritone mumbled quietly into an expensive looking state-of-the-art phone, and his responses were clipped, quick, and to the point. After a moment he slowed, then stopped, dropping his phone by his side with an aggrieved sigh.
There was something he remembered, stuffed deep in the back of one of the older folders, research about the orbitofrontal cortex.
“Sarah,” John pressed, squeezing her hand as she peered down at the medical supplies in her hands, a little lost. “Marcus, please. “
A slight creak, perhaps that of a door, broke the silence in in front of him, and before he had the chance to object, a doorway opened into the living room of his new flat at 221B Baker Street.
Sherlock ignored Sally, sending a veritable tidal wave of frosty aloofness in her direction. He had never got on with the more junior officer, and he certainly wasn’t going to start now. A puff of irritated hormones floated from the Alpha woman’s general direction and Sherlock studiously ignored this as well.
I may as well tell you now that I dislike repeating myself.” Sherlock continued, his previously worried expression turned to one of annoyance and something else unreadable.
. The Guide watched him as he leant forward, his face a storm cloud of righteous fury. "Perhaps I don't want my brother to end up like your former patient,
“Hello.” Sherlock murmured, low voice rumbling, the sound waves vibrating and winding their way into secret and inappropriate places.
“I don’t see how that’s possible,” Mycroft intoned, slipping the drive into a pocket on the inside of his jacket, “the participants of that study disappeared three years ago, along with Dr. Frankland and half his staff; the other half are either dead or professed to know nothing about the true aim of the experiment. This video is the only proof we have that it even existed.” He settled his hands on the polished handle of his umbrella, the right over the left. “We’ve been unable to find any additional information, though not for want of trying. It appears someone…someone very powerful is keeping it secret, and they very much want it to stay that way.”
Above their convoy, stark against the blue clear sky, a line of Chinooks thundered low and away across the rolling hills. If John had continued on as a doctor only, he would have been with them and first on the scene, but since he had taken on full duty as a Captain, his responsibilities now lay with the 118 soldiers currently under his command.
Not for the first time, John realized he needed to keep up his guard. Though Sherlock had saved him, twice now, it didn’t mean he couldn’t turn that heady influence back onto the unassuming blonde, and make him do or say whatever he wanted. It would be more difficult, to be sure, but Sherlock seemed like a man who was up for a challenge.
A younger man, wearing similar light blue scrubs, took the woman’s head in his hands. His eyes were wide as saucers. He appeared terrified.
“You talk to me of scents? Really, Irene…but…you promised this time, should you succeed, you would let me have him. You
“I spoke personally with Dr. Stapleton. She’s not familiar with Sherlock, not yet anyway, says she doesn’t get much in the way of current events at the Serenity Cottage – but she’s familiar with cases like his…people who have abilities they never learned to fully control. She says they’ve a pilot programme for Sentinels who reject traditional bonding.”
“No!” The Alpha answered a little too quickly, swiping his meaty forearm against his face much like a four year old wipes off a milk moustache, “maybe, John.” He looked abashed for a moment, before speaking again, a frown slowly leeching the joy from his face.
John exited the central London eyesore, limping even more noticeably than before. The drizzling, gloomy rain was almost a balm to the Omega’s frazzled nerves. After the blinding glare of the endless, white corridor and the furtive darkness of Dr. Adler’s office, the low, grey clouds comforted him in a way he never imagined they could (he
He dismissed their hissing whispers for now, focusing on every reflection of the puddles and every twist and crack of the pavement surface, knowing each clue would take him closer to figuring out what the hell had happened here.
John blinked and nodded his head harmlessly, forcing a small but tremulous smile, “Good, so…you’re unattached, like me. Good.”
“You’ve been injured since your change, John, there’s no telling what effect that might have on your new biology.”
around Omegas, even latents like Dr. Watson. Especially when said Omega lacks certain submissive tendencies…nevertheless, they have been…
…a feeling he had become all too familiar with after abandoning his miserable bedsit and taking to the streets. How often the small blond managed to float between feeling like he belonged in this world and feeling like he would never find a place to truly fit in, he couldn’t say. It wasn’t getting any better, but at least now he had some kind of purpose. With this case, he could prove that he still had it in him to get it
The Alpha responded with a sub-glottal growl that resounded low in his long white throat, and John knew he had precious seconds before the man gave in completely to his animalistic drive to mount, bite, and
Oh, who the hell was he kidding anyway? John did what John wanted to do, Sherlock had learned early on, and there was little anyone could do to convince him otherwise. He had suffered too many years living on his own, painfully eking out his own way in an unforgiving world, guilty of only being born with one tiny, faulty gland.
He flipped the candy bar once in his hand then placed it, gently, and with the reverence of very real love, inside the casket and next to Marcus’s still, pale hand.
Beside him, Murray, said nothing. His strong and capable presence was a boon to the apex Alpha, keeping him grounded and far less distraught than normal.
” Sherlock’s voice was raw, affected, making it clear that he was very nearly close to losing control. He released his feverish grips and planted one hand on each side of John’s head, leaning in ever so slightly but not making eye contact. His unfocussed gaze rested directly above John’s left shoulder, not far from his scar, as if something suddenly appeared on the wall that was monumentally interesting.
She twittered and retired to her own flat, closing the door softly. John made his way up the (seventeen?) steps to 221B and called out for Sherlock. There was no answer.
Slowly, he turned, and stifled a humourless laugh as a pair of glossy black Magnanni’s came into view. Sherlock Holmes
He couldn’t say why Dr. Watson favoured the man with such a look, only that his time was valuable and he’d already wasted an entire afternoon in this place. He was assured Sherlock was fine, and was due to make a full recovery, with the added bonus of an alternative treatment, and really, that was all he cared about. The power play between these two lesser men was beneath him.
The voice in his mind was similar to his gran’s, though the accent was all wrong. Still, it was delicate and sweet, weaving through his dreams and pulling his consciousness pleasantly away from the nostalgic depths of his deep and drug-induced slumber.
Sherlock looked downright murderous as he gripped the sodden shirt, bringing it up to his nose in great big huffing inhalations that reminded John more of a desperate man gasping for air than the erudite and often caustic detective he’d come to know and love.
And that seemed to be all the consent Sherlock needed, he rushed John in two long strides simultaneously managing to take off his shirt completely and kick his Italian leather shoes off his large feet. His face was murderous, and normally that would have given John some pause, but he knew the truth behind the screwed up features and snarled lips…it was rut and passion and the itch to dominate and didn’t they
It exploded in a spray of blood, sprinkling John’s hand and forearms in fine, carmine droplets as the man screeched and made to bring both hands to his face. While he was still startled into inactivity, John darted in front of him and grabbed his cheap black tie, pulling it roughly down and towards him. The man flew forward with another startled cry, and John cocked his knee upwards, ramming the man’s temple into the dull, blunt surface of patella. John grunted in satisfaction as he heard a distinctive
Squaring his shoulders and setting his jaw, John took the scissors to his face, cutting off the excess beard. In a few moments he would look like a whole new person, but inside, he would remain the same; always, the same John Watson.
John had already limped his way to the overstuffed chair and was grasping his coat in his hands when he heard the younger man speak.
Sherlock appeared over her shoulder, glaring at the computer screen, taking in the military shot of the dangerous looking man pasted all over Molly’s machine. He quickly memorised his face, the facial scar, the scowl, the shortly cropped blond hair (similar to John actually, and wasn’t
Sherlock’s words dripped with contempt, eyes flashing with fury and dangerously strong emotion. John wanted to back away, but the metal table was already flush against his person.
“No, he’s not like that. It’s not like that.” John retorted and rubbed a hand across his face, exhaustion seeped into his voice and posture. He pulled his jacket back onto his shoulders and the ripped lapel flopped sadly against his chest, bringing his attention to his likewise ruined jumper. He shook his head with a sad sigh; this is why he couldn’t have nice things.
Sherlock then moved away from the window, gliding towards John quietly and not unlike a beautiful spectre from all the fairy stories his gran used to tell him at bedtime. The taller man landed, knees upon the rug, his torso between John’s knees and each hand tentatively hovering about John’s own, resting on the arms of the chair.
John blinked and managed to look quite hurt at Sherlock’s last reply. Sherlock himself only expelled a gusty cloud of breath into the chilly air.
Sherlock squared his shoulders with a quick shake and flicked his hand in Mycroft’s direction, narrowly missing the man himself.  “You know what they say about my kind Mycroft: aloof, hypersensitive, incapable of emotion,
“Oh, I know your type, deep sleeper, just like my ex-husband. Well, time to get up! I’m to take you to dinner now, no mucking about.”
Sherlock furrowed his brow, finally wrenching his changeable gaze from the laptop to settle on the small Omega leaning against the opposite table. Mycroft closed the media player and went through the motions of removing the thumb drive. When it was done, he wordlessly closed the computer with a snap.
John landed on the rough, hard ground and curled himself into a crouch. He was off-balance and unsteady on his feet, though he had managed to stand up once more. The ground swayed and gave under him, giving him the impression of walking on fine wet sand. He blinked a few more times, more to get the rain out of his face than anything else.
“Sherlock, my intention is not to reprimand you for your…rather unfortunate behaviour. I am here to tell you to fix this. John is our most important operative in this endeavour, and now he is in danger.”
flirting Amazon was entirely too much, and John had to hold back giggles as he limped away, Sherlock practically spitting and growling at the woman as if a dog fight might erupt between the two over the din of curious onlookers and wilfully disobedient automated cashier machines.
was he supposed to respond? The Omega swallowed convulsively, the cab suddenly feeling too hot and too small to be comfortable. His heart hammered in his throat, the tips of his fingers tingled, and his chest felt too tight. He was about to have a panic attack, he was about to have a damn panic attack in front of Sherlock in a damn cab. Sweat began to gather at the nape of his neck, darkening the slightly curling locks of blond hair that brushed against the collar of his grimy jumper. He dropped his chin and looked down into his lap, both his hands were fisted, and his breathing came in uneven gasps. He hadn’t had a panic attack since he’d first come back from Afghanistan, when his dreams were loud, raucous things full of mortar shells and the screams of the dying.
Sherlock had finally arrived, and God knows what he’d think when he saw John standing in the middle of the living room trembling  like some kind of willing sacrifice to the six foot tall god of logic and sex.
As John dressed (pants, vest, shirt, faded jeans, all passably clean), he realised that since he’d returned to London, he had been slowly, but surely, losing himself. His history, his
Sherlock had looked like hell. Gaunt. Skeletal. Brittle. Like a stiff breeze was liable to bowl him over.
Sherlock’s not home. He’s stuck in the lab, surrounded by med students. John knows why he was so peevish now. Sherlock hates to depend on anyone else for information. But nine bodies. Nine blood samples. Time of the essence.
You bloom lushly against each other, white petals in the night, soaked in moonlight, heavy with nectar.
Another tentacle slides up between Sherlock’s legs, tentatively sucking at the mess of Sherlock’s swollen, gaping arsehole.
John bends his knees as he pumps lotion into his hand, giving Sherlock something to lean against. “It might be a bit cold,” John warns, cupping the lotion in his hand to try and warm it a little. Sherlock jerks his chin, his gaze soft focused. “It’s fine.”
You push your hips into him, desperate, and his other hand drops down to palm you through your trousers.
But there is another side to him that John is privy to, the man peeking behind his mask. This is the man John fell in love with. The mischief and the boundless enthusiasm, the passion and the ego, the ennui and the addict, the intellect and the delighted wonder, the curiosity and the selflessness. Sherlock holds back from the public these parts that are vulnerable to ridicule. The parts that people denigrate him for.
“It’s a surprise,” Sherlock says, smirking again and looking unbelievably rakish and handsome as he does it.
“Mouse traps.” Sherlock repeats as if John is an idiot. There are two red blotches burnt into Sherlock’s cheekbones. “For the mouse. In your bed.”
“I have always had your attention,” Sherlock says, speaking at last. His voice is cool and measured. His face betrays no emotion.
The room was pleasantly warm. The radiator hissed in the corner and if I squinted I could see the tendrils of steam and heat rising off it, warping the red wallpaper above it.
It was a beautiful clear day, washed clean from the rain the day before. The sun rose higher in the sky and touched Sherlock’s cheeks. He tipped his head up into its warmth. He sipped his coffee and closed his eyes and listened to the stream: the plunge of the water over the rocks and the hushed whispering sound of its flow through the grasses that grew along the bank. The air smelled of wet stone and damp earth. He caught, every now and then, tendrils of smoke wafting by on the light breeze. He had lit his smoker and left it to smoulder over by his car. If the smoke was too hot when he blew it into the hives it could harm the bees, burning them badly and melting their wings.
Sherlock nods, the tip of his tongue peeking out of the corner of his mouth, brows furrowed as his hand speeds up. His gaze fixed on John’s mouth.
“Toby,” John whispered reverently, nuzzling his nose into the black and white fur. “What a perfect, perfect boy you are.”
“This reminds me of that first night when I was on your kitchen counter and you walked me through making myself come.”
“Unlikely,” Zoe said acidly, all while smiling sunnily at a couple who were passing, craning their necks to look at their table. “Look how he’s treating his mother.”
Sherlock spends no small time kissing John boneless. John enjoys the change in Sherlock, revelling in the assertive thrust of his tongue and the command he takes over John’s mouth. John must be doing something right if this is a pantomime of his efforts.
I spit, thick, against you, and watched it seep through. Your cock, plummy and thick and dark and straining through the thin layer. Musk in my nose and come a bitter ghost on my tongue. Sweat slick skin gliding beneath my fingers as I swept my hand up your chest to tug on your nipples. One at a time.
Sherlock drops his eyes back down to his slides. John turns around and flattens his hand against the door, still hesitating.
Sherlock moans and presses forward, deepening the kiss. John opens to him and Sherlock’s tongue pushes in, stroking against his own.
“This.” His big hands on John’s back, deft fingers slipping down his spine. His mouth, wet and soft and hungry, moving over John’s. “This, this. This
“I didn’t know,” John says, his lips tucked against Sherlock’s ear. “I didn’t know it was like that for you too. When you were gone.”
It’s painful, almost, how much you want him to undo your belt and draw down your zip, how much you want to fill his hand and let the heat of him engulf your skin.
You, watching while I chatted her up. While she touched my shoulder, my waist. A dance, a flirtation of smiles and eyes.
One long wet stripe from base to crown, smearing the chocolate up and down his hard cock, before taking him, thick and pulsing, between my lips once more.
John’s own body feels heavy. The echo of Sherlock still inside him from earlier. A memory. A pressure building under his skin, but he knows, he knows, that even if he’s hard, there is no way he’ll be able to come again. Not three times. And he wants…he wants to take care of Sherlock.
He was reading a novel about a family. It was a spy novel yes, but this particular book in the series centered on the spy’s family, who were kidnapped. It was not hard to see how John’s mind had wandered, aimlessly he no doubt thought, to the young boy currently spending his Christmas hols with his grandmother one flat below. Billy had arrived three days before, right before I had fallen sick. He had been up to keep me company just that morning now that the worst had passed, while John had gone out to do the shopping. It was Tuesday after all.
“I would love to.” John reaches up his hands. “Can I touch you? Can I put my hands in your hair? I’ve wanted to for so long now.”
Soft padding footsteps moving across the room behind him; the low groan of the mattress as Sherlock sits down on the bed.
An exhalation, relief cascading through them, and they sway, joined only by the gentle caress of their mouths and the pressure of Sherlock’s hands resting lightly on John’s shoulders. A glancing skim. Back and forth. Back and forth.
I nodded and knocked back the last of his whiskey. It was purely self-preservation. If I had kept looking at him any longer I would have simply dragged him back upstairs to our room and we never would have left.
He makes it two blocks before he goes back to fetch it. Jogs really, heart racing. Someone has placed a banana peel on top. John wipes it off with disgust, but tucks it under his arm all the same.
It’s abominably unfair, Sherlock fumes, tapping his finger against his cheek as the car carries them through London at midnight. To have John Watson here with him and not be able to parse every thought that flickers across his face. To have John Watson here and not be able to devote every second to the shades of blue his eyes turn and categorising what mood they correspond to. Sherlock hasn’t even properly seen him naked yet. After John had come, he had taken a shower while Sherlock dressed and packed. Sherlock needs sunlight, moonlight, noonlight, lamplight. Neon and dawn and candle and street and fluorescent and phosphorescent and…
But he had built scaffolding so that he could climb out of those days. Resources he could tap. His therapist, his sponsor, his friends, his brother. There were his bees. There were chess matches with Ellen they played on their phones. There was the house and the Association. There were morning lie ins and spontaneous wanking, just because he felt like it.
When Sherlock had first come back from the dead (interrupting him during a date at a restaurant no less) John had refused to see him.
He’s close. You can feel how his cock grows harder between your lips, the vein pulsating, the pressure building in the tight knots of his thighs. His hips buck in tiny thrusts and you focus your mouth on his crown, sucking, sucking, while your hand pulls at him below.
“Yes. Only one point will make a connection. You’ll feel it in your hands,” Sherlock says as John leans forward. “The sparks. Sometimes it’s stronger for the person holding the wand than it is for the one on the receiving end. You might go a bit numb. Is that ok?”
The Sherlock pre-The Fall wouldn’t have been able to help himself. He would have been barely able to conceal his contempt. He would have cut Mary to the quick by now. Ruthless. Brutal. But something had shifted when Sherlock returned. He’s a bit…softer now. John finds it hard to explain. He can’t quite put his finger on it, but his friend changed while he was away. He’s a little more tolerant, a little more patient now. And it’s not all just for show, as it had been before, the crocodile tears just another tool wielded to get the information he wanted. It made John’s heart hurt to think of what had happened to Sherlock to make him get in touch with his more human side, but now, thinking of what they had been doing not an hour past, John is thankful for it as well.
“It’s going to be all right,” John says, leaning into him, until they are pressed together. John strokes his fingers down Sherlock’s forearms until he finds his hands and tangles their fingers together, loose. “We can stay in town tonight if you’d like. I’m sure there’s a bed and breakfast and…”
“Sit up, love, let me clean you up,” John says softly, one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, helping him to straighten. Sherlock sways a little, his eyes unfocused, his skin pink and warm, his limbs loose with the rush of endorphins and oxytocin pumping through his system. John wipes him down and then steadies him as Sherlock stands up, letting the dildo slip out of him with a wince. John steers him into bed, pulls the duvet over him, and then climbs in beside him.
“I love it when you kiss me,” Sherlock says, words slightly slurred, as he relaxes into John, moving his tongue against John’s indolently, matching the languor of John’s pace.
The man ended up leaving with two wheels of cheese, the Ricotta Salata and a marbled Stilton, a jar of the wildflower honey, and Zoe’s recipe for butter-pecan and cardamom ice cream, which, incidentally, was also heavenly with a drizzle of Sherlock’s honey.
, though he has never had cause to describe anything else this way in his life so he feels unsure, but— “...and when I look at you like this, it reminds you that you’re safe.”
“Would you like me to get a condom first? The lube? I saw that you had your test results on the counter waiting for me. That was thoughtful. Do you want to see mine?”
“Stop,” Sherlock says, teetering, every muscle clenched against the warmth starting to wash through him. John releases him and stands, smoothing the wrinkles in his suit and running a hand through his hair to tame it. His eyes are dark and his mouth looks swollen. He licks his lips and watches Sherlock until it has safely passed.
Once it’s loosened John ducks beneath Sherlock’s arm and fits himself into the space between Sherlock’s body and the glass window pane. It’s like being pressed between two heat sources, the sun beating down on John’s back, the rangy heat of Sherlock’s body throbbing against his front. John sets to work on Sherlock’s shirt front.
Sherlock is driven forward, his cockhead rubbing against the grain of the velour, the plug jostled and grazing Sherlock’s prostate with relentless precision.
John makes a sound in the back of his nose that is embarrassingly close to a whine. Sherlock kisses him quiet.
Heels dug into the leather, knees spread wantonly, on display, John adjusts them, positioning them against his opening.
Sherlock dipped and bobbed, imitating the motion of the bees’ flight. The feral, erotic joy of it, moving from flower to flower, dipping their probosci into the sticky wells of nectar and drawing up the sweetness. Rooting about on their bellies both gathering and depositing pollen from the anther to the stigma, aiding the plants’ mating ritual.
And it seems obvious to John, once Sherlock states it clearly like that, because of course he did. He’s Sherlock. He would have tried out every which way to wring sensation from his body that he could. He would have exhausted all possibilities. Made a spread sheet. He would have left no stone unturned.
Planning a trip down to Sussex to see the home that they would eventually spend the rest of their lives in.
“How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?”
is hiding something, and that no one, in the history of the world, can truly inhabit the calm that John Watson exudes without a very, very good reason. And oh how Sherlock would love to find out what lies beneath John’s placid pacificity. His earnest generosity. His kind solicitousness.
“Like this?” John licks at the pads of his fingers and then lowers them back down to circle around his nipple, the hair prickling against his skin, the hard bead rolling.
John bites his lip and shuts his eyes, his cock hanging so full and heavy, swaying with the weight of clearly wanting to do just that, resplendent in its grandeur. Sherlock wants it to carve a path right through him.
“I want you to,” breathed out against your cheek. Whispered, secret. “I want you to kiss me everywhere. I want you to leave the shape of your mouth all over me. I want to carry it with me when I go tomorrow.”
“Bugger, I forgot to turn up the heat,” Sherlock murmurs as John sucks at his throat, his fingers undoing Sherlock’s buttons. “Will you.” John interrupts him with his tongue, licking, slick, into Sherlock’s mouth. “…lay the fire…” John’s hands slip inside, parting Sherlock's shirt, his palms pressed to Sherlock’s warm flesh. “…while I gather a few things?” he finishes, holding John at arms length.
“You’re gorgeous,” John murmurs against the shell of Sherlock’s ear. He licks out with his tongue and Sherlock makes that sound again, followed this time with a roughed up moan, drawn from somewhere deep within him, rolling over them like a rockslide. “I like it when you make that noise,” John says, his words fed directly into Sherlock’s ear, his mouth open and wet, sucking on his lobe.
So when he broke out in goosebumps a moment later I quickly climbed over him to fetch our quilt from where I had pushed it off the bed. I turned to drape it over him but he had shifted when I moved. His head was just tilted off the lip of the mattress and he was looking up at me upside down, curving one hand around my thigh and tugging me forward. I shuffled closer, sliding my soles along the hardwood. John’s mouth was just level with my soft cock, my bollocks just brushing the bridge of his nose. John’s hand on the back of my thigh exerted subtle pressure and I leaned my knees into the mattress, bracketing John’s head, and watched as he licked out with his tongue and drew it around the folds of my foreskin.
“Fuck, I love this juicy arse of yours,” John says, as, on screen John is feeding Sherlock just the tip of his cock, coaxing Sherlock’s hole to open, before withdrawing it slowly once more.
John glances up and, seeing that Irene is seated at her desk, sharp eyes intent on her computer screen, leans back in his seat and nods at Sherlock to begin.
“You’re gorgeous,” John breathes, petting the silky hair that curls at Sherlock’s nape. “You’re gorgeous and I can’t wait to see how beautiful you are when you’re taking me from both ends,” John growls, grinding his heel down against the base of Sherlock’s cock and letting his toes sweep over the head, when suddenly Sherlock’s eyes squeeze shut and a gush of warm liquid spurts, wet and warm and sticky, through the wool.
It had been so effortless once. An addict, a stoic, a genius, a cold, calculating machine. He had turned off emotion of any kind, becoming like his father: caustic, cruel, condescending.
Quinn immediately pushed off Sherlock, her hind feet effectively punching him in the stomach, which caused him to double up on his side in pain, which, inevitably, upset the delicate balance of the air mattress and sent him rolling onto the floor.
John swallows it all down. It’s like shards of glass, ripping him up on the way down, but he does it. It’s amazing, how much one can dissemble into smaller, more bearable pieces and tuck away into dark hidden corners.
“Truer words,” Claire says blandly, and takes a step into the aisle to her left, her eyes flitting between her watch and their faces once more. “Best of luck to you both.”
The slick sound of John’s cock gliding between Sherlock’s cheeks momentarily fills the tiny berth as the speakers come to life, right before it is interrupted by the sharp crack of John’s hand landing on Sherlock’s arse.
John turns around in the doorway. Smiles, ruefully. “No, I’m not, but I’m not exactly straight either.”
In front of them the door makes a clicking sound as the automatic door unlatches and begins to slide open, giving John just enough warning to flick the table cloth over Sherlock's lap, as a man, carrying a sleeping baby in his arms, enters the car, swaying side-to-side with the movement of the train.
The pen was in his hand, the practical and the romantic both waiting to be set down. And yet his mind would not be guided that way, the events of the morning too fresh.
Two slick fingers as they slide inside you, the ridiculous wet squelch of it, the sound of your heels grappling on the sheets, your hands shunting restless over his skin?
Sherlock has lost the ability to speak, he just shakes his head, because John is wrong. He’s so utterly and completely wrong, because it’s John. It’s John who drives Sherlock mad. As the three month period between heats wanes John is the one who releases a scent so heady and potent and intoxicatingly sexy that it makes Sherlock unable to focus on anything but what is coming in the days ahead. It makes Sherlock’s mouth water every time John is near, the pheromones he releases into the air in 221B musky and sweet and salty at once. It coats the back of his throat and buzzes beneath Sherlock’s skin with a latent promise. They don’t make love in the days leading up to it, it is unspoken that Sherlock must conserve himself for John. It adds an edge to things. Both of them sparking like frayed electrical wires. John becomes steadily fiercer and more commanding as the instincts inside him grow more overpowering. He becomes possessive of Sherlock at crime scenes, becomes sensitive to every brush of Sherlock past him in the flat. It builds over days, days filled with exquisite torture as John struggles against his nature and continuously loses, where he has to find small ways to touch Sherlock, lay his scent on him, claim him, push him up against things and snog him, remind him who he belongs to.
He was still barefoot, but dressed in black tuxedo trousers, blood-red braces, and a crisply ironed, snow white shirt with a stiff, starched collar. A bow tie hung loose around his neck. His cheeks were pink from my kisses, but his silver hair was still impeccably coiffed, swept off to one side and neatly trimmed, despite my attentions. He was rakishly good looking with three of his buttons undone and I wanted to have him just there on the rug before the sink.
John remains silent. Marks the page with a red flourish. The silence settles in the tick of the antique clock on the bookcase against the wall.
“No, no I couldn’t have. We need to talk about that, by the way. You can’t just go around picking locks. Did you even try knocking?”
Sherlock tucked the violin once more beneath his chin and played the dirge to accompany the celebration, capturing the grief of the pyre and the empty hillside.
Sherlock hoists himself up onto the countertop right next to John’s right elbow so that he’s close enough that John will be able to see everything. He lets his legs dangle off the side and shrugs off the robe before taking up the bottle of lube. John dips a piece of eel in the puddle of soy sauce on his plate and brings it to his mouth. Sherlock watches the movement of his jaw while he chews and the bob of his throat as he swallows and brings himself to full hardness.
John sat there, obviously gobsmacked by Zoe’s quick change of heart. He looked to Sherlock, as if for an explanation, and Sherlock smiled and shrugged. Ellen was beaming at her wife and leaned over to kiss her cheek. Zoe turned and caught her in a real kiss, her eyes bright.
“It never ceases to amaze me how pleasant she is when she’s selling,” Ellen said, coming to stand beside Sherlock with her hands in her pockets, her gaze marvelling at her wife who was now what could only be described as ostentatiously flirting with a middle aged woman over a piece of crostini stacked with goat cheese and honeyed walnuts.
After a long drag she flicked the cigarette into the gravel and stood. She was tall and slim and dressed in all black.
Sherlock’s smile is rueful. He shrugs. “It was used as an object lesson in the perils of sentiment. By both Mycroft and my mother. It became a sort of code word for them. If I was getting too attached to someone, they would remind me of Redbeard.”
1 body hidden, pulled into the woods just as the medics arrived on the scene. (John still doesn't know what happened to it, Irene having disappeared with it.)
“No.” Ani pouts. “And they weren’t butch, they were trans-masculine nonbinary. They were also married. I guess their wife lets them go out and make out, but nothing more.”
John helps him step out of them and guides him to sit on the edge of his desk in his pants and socks and button down. His cock is a stiff flag standing out from his body, tenting the black cotton.
He pulls back after a short infinity and flips on the light. Smoothes his hands over Sherlock’s shoulders as he puts his trousers to rights. He can’t help but feel a little bit smug when Sherlock tucks his still hard cock away with a grimace.
“Thank you for agreeing to see me,” Sherlock had said. Polite. Nervous. His eyes had flitted about the room. Landing briefly on everyone but John.
“I don’t know what it looks like,” Sherlock says softly a few moments later, and although it’s seemingly apropos of nothing, John can tell where he’s going. He feels a stab of fear low in his chest, hot as the ember from Sherlock’s discarded cigarette.
Sherlock kneads a knuckle against John’s perineum sending sparks skating up his spine and takes him deeper. The inside of Sherlock’s mouth is silky and hot as John glides between his lips and John begins to lose the plot, his hips rolling forward, his hand on the back of Sherlock’s head, moving him up and down so that the tight clutch of his mouth grips almost all of him at once.
John is tangled up in who is who. All he knows is it feels incredible. He loves this. The ecstasy of sex, the headiness of connection.
"Do you know what it does to me when you tackle a gunman who is bent on my imminent demise?" Sherlock says, gravelly and low, into John's ear, stones scraping against each other, scraping up John's spine,
There would be time enough for all that. For now there were notes to make, on wings and autumn blossoms and gold arrayed at the foot of his hives.
“I didn’t expect it to lead to this. I have always been extremely careful that the boundaries are clearly drawn and respected.”
How much of their relationship had been predicated on John’s stature as the CEO of a successful company? How much of John’s allure had been about his wealth and power? There would be no more sex in private jets, no more penthouse suites, no more in-constant-danger-of-being-caught-fucking in the office. No special access, no traveling, no events. John’s ability to lavish Sherlock with gifts was gone. John’s ability to provide and protect was diminished. How much stock and worth did Sherlock place in those things? How much of their sexual relationship was dependent on them?
Those eyes, peering out at John from underneath his thigh, slip shut in what looks like utter ecstasy. John, who knows all too well what it’s like to be on the receiving end of that exquisitely talented mouth, can feel the deep moan it elicits from Sherlock reverberate under his own skin. John swallows, tongue thick in his dry, dry mouth.
“Where?” John can feel the heaviness in his legs. It was a long day. An outbreak of flu and every sniffle or stomach gripe had ended up coming through their doors, people wanting to ‘catch it early’. And John had had to examine them all and then tell most that there was bugger all he could do. He’d like to take a shower, watch a bit of telly, eat the Chinese. Kiss Sherlock in their bed. Last night it had been frantic. Frottage and then a bit of cuddling after. John wants to take his time, go slow. Inside the bedroom to his right, the rain pummels the glass. John wiggles his toes in his wet socks, his shirt pulling tight and damp across his shoulders.
“I want to go home,” he says, soft and honest, and John nods, heart full up with understanding and hurting, a knife under his ribs. Hurting because it's so simple. This cottage with it's ivy clinging to the brick and it's blue door and it's apple trees with romantic names and it's giant bath and their new bed...it's not their home yet.
John eases them both down to the bed so that John is behind him, cock slipping back inside him with an easing handful of cold lube. Sherlock is curled on his side, back to John’s front, arse nestled in the cup of John’s thighs.
This is my happy place. I do this for fun. If this story isn't hitting its mark for you, then I ask that you keep it to yourself and find a fic that does bring you joy.
John blinks at him and then up, back down, and up, his eyes sweeping over the room. A slow, wondering, awe-filled smile tugs at the corners of his mouth as he looks back down at Sherlock, and sliding his chair forward, cups his cheek. Sherlock tilts his head, letting his eyes slip closed as John strokes the pad of thumb over his cheek.
John leans forward to catch his wet lips. Rubs his toes over the placket of Sherlock’s trousers, feels the precome seeping through to wet his sock.
Sherlock laughs at that. “I think we have more than enough cock to keep us busy tonight.” Sherlock glances around them surreptitiously before tucking his mouth against John’s ear. “Do you have it?”
I've been trying really hard to post a chapter every week since I started this. I almost didn't post this due to what happened last week because porn in the face of what happened seems trivial and I am still in despair. And last night my personal life took a turn and now everything seems to be coming apart at the seams. I have to find a way to go on. So here you go. Here is some trivial porn in the face of a looming darkness. I am not sure when I am going to have the next chapter ready, but it looks like it will be a few weeks out as I have to finish my Holmestice fic this week and a thousand and one other things that require my attention.
I am grateful for the way my toes still curl in my shoes when he kisses me, the way he jots down notes on random bits of flotsam he finds at hand, bits for his stories which end up in maddening piles on his desk, the way he puts up with my moods and my prolonged periods of melancholy, the way he will pause almost anything (except for his writing) to nap with me. I am grateful for the way he accepts me and only asks for reform when my behaviour is beyond the pale or is harming him or myself or others in some way that is beyond my ken.
When he was done he splayed his hands in the picture window at the small of my back, his thumbs dipping into the slick seam of my arse, where I was still wet from earlier. From when I had laid on our bed and thought of this moment, when he would finally be inside of me.
“It is just me and you,” Sherlock says affectionately, eyes crinkling up, chins folding up at the fact that John is bit daft and a bit slow and that he finds it absolutely endearing. He runs his hands up the outside of John’s arms. Says, breathing already starting to quicken once more, “I want both of you. I want all of you. I want you to put both your cocks in me, John. I want—“
“Oh, Sherlock.” I rarely used your first name and I could see the effect it had on you. “Come here.”
Sherlock pushes his goggles up into his curls. “Your little mid-life crisis? You know, the one where you’ve finally discovered your prostate and are worried about what it
“You were chattering away about some Russian or other and—“ I opened my mouth in outrage, about to protest at ‘some Russian’, but promptly shut it when I saw the look in John’s eye. “—And you were actually eating the scones Mrs.Hudson had made for your tea and…” He paused here to take a deep breath. “And it very nearly broke my heart in half to see it.”
John doesn’t flinch. He is completely composed when he inclines his head. “I think it’s safe to say that that is absolutely true.”
“Shh, shh,” John says as Sherlock scrambles up afterwards, kneeling on the table with his head bowed, guilty and clutching at the floating edges of John’s shirt.
John glances up at her and smiles, sheepish. “I was going to.” Glancing back down at Sherlock, who is smoothing the button through it’s hole with intent care that belies the fact that he is listening for John’s response. John’s ears burn. He shrugs. “It just happened a day ago. I suppose I was waiting for the right time.”
Fingers follow in their wake, trailing light. John can feel the catch of ribbed callouses on the tips. Etched by violin strings into Sherlock’s flesh.
He’s so responsive. John loves it. He kisses his way up to Sherlock's jaw, drags his mouth down to his ear. Sherlock bows against him, making a low, shocked sound that John feels shiver through him to settle at the base of his spine.
Instead I charged into his mind and rifled it’s contents, dumping them unceremoniously out on the rug like so much litter from a kitchen drawer.
Sherlock tries to push down onto it. Tries to fuck himself on it, but John is in control; he has no purchase, pinioned as he is.
“That’s enough,” Vivica said, holding up a hand. “Noor, we know how the natural beekeepers feel about us commercial beekeepers; do you have anything to add about Oliver Pollack?”
He nuzzles his nose against Sherlock’s sternum and down, into the soft flesh of his belly. Breathing him in.
John is his puzzle to be solved. Sally was right, all those years ago, he does get off on it: the thrill of the chase, and here, John is his prey. And John wants to give him whatever he wants. If Sherlock likes to be intellectually stimulated during sex or if he gets turned on by the adrenaline rush at the possibility of getting caught or if he wants to see how long John can wait until he comes, well then John is only too willing to go along with it.
“I can see what you meant by novelty,” John says softly, spinning slowly around to take in the room and the incredible number of sex toys it holds.
John chuckles and steps back, setting his foot back on the ground. Sherlock’s arms unwind, but don’t let go.
The door hasn’t even clicked into it’s latch before John is asking, “What’s going on? What results?”
“We’ve both been sort of outed this evening. Was it hard for you? Charlotte sharing that you felt your sexuality might be different than you thought?” Sherlock realized right after he verbalized the question that it might be too personal for John. A red flush up the side of his neck told Sherlock that he was probably right.
“Amazing. It was completely fucking amazing,” John finishes for him, tilting his head back and grinning. Drunk on endorphins. Drunk on love.
Outside, the February night was frigid and an icy wind threaded it’s way through Paris’ streets. We walked down the Rue Saint-Honore and turned onto Rue du Chevalier Saint-George and were seated at once inside the bistro. The hostess led us through the tiny space and into the back left corner where the velvet padded benches that lined the back wall met in an L. Once the waiter had filled our water glasses and I had placed an order for oysters and champagne John moved the pillows that were stacked between us, slid into the corner, and pressed his thigh to mine.
“Yes, I can see that.” John offered with barely concealed humour. He lifted his dark blue eyes to the paper, reading each line before lowering the paper down onto the polished side-table to his right. “Explain please.”
When Mycroft Holmes called his personal mobile early in the morning, John was annoyed, but willing to let it pass. When said civil servant appeared, uninvited, that afternoon at the Serenity Cottage annex where John kept his offices, he couldn't find it within himself to be gracious.
John had long since recognized the signs (he was a newly formed Omega, not stupid), even before their lovely Christmas party. It was difficult to explain, but it began innocently enough, with a low grade fever. He was too warm at night, eschewing his flannel jim-jams and opting for a more breathable jersey blend, which would still leave him fidgety and sweaty in the mornings. Even his eyeballs felt hot, and for a brief moment he entertained the idea that he had somehow got ‘flu.
“Fuck,” he gasps, as he pets at you, as he pets and pets over the velvety heat of you. “Oh, God, Sherlock, we need, lube, we need, oh, fucking he—“ Bitten off as you shove down, the hot clutch of your body swallowing the tips whole. Lip bitten to rouge as you rock your hips, bearing down. Singed, you shiver. You shiver and shiver just like he did, in the kitchen, begging for your tongue. Him, rolling you beneath him with his fingers tucked just inside you, so close to where
“So what sort of research were you doing? Massage techniques?” John asks, running his feet over the back of Sherlock’s calves and into the sweaty damp crooks of his knees and back down. The hair springing up against his toes.
He puts the key into the lock on the last door in the row and swings the door open into their narrow suite. Sherlock shuts the door behind them and finds himself once more caught between John and a wall. His back hits the door with a thump, and John immediately chases him until their bodies are pressed up against each other and their mouths are fused.
When Sherlock finally stops, just at the inside of John’s left knee, John opens his mouth and gulps in air.
It’s a miracle happening in increments. So gradual you almost miss it until one day you’re on the other side of it, looking back and marvelling at how far you’ve come.
“He thinks…” John leans forward, elbows pressed to his knees, hands clasped between them. He stares at a stain on Ella’s rug. It looks like red wine, maybe blood. He looks up. Meets Ella’s steady stare. He pushes himself up and back. Heat pricking at his cheeks. “He wants to have all of this inventive sex, ok? Toys and scenarios, etc, etc.”
“Now, John.” He groans and kisses you and kisses you and then, drawing back, moves to kneel behind you. His knees nudging yours wider as he slicks himself, positions himself, and with a hand on your shoulder, encourages you to sit.
“I’m so fucking hard for you.” He drops his other hand back down to his erection, neglected and making its displeasure known. He spreads his legs and slouches down a bit.
John meets his gaze, but he knows that Sherlock can see that there’s something else there. John hopes he doesn’t ask him why because he’s not even sure he knows. It’s something to do with being caught unawares. Unprepared. That space. He remembers that uncomfortable feeling of not belonging. It’s irrational, he can see that, but still… he’s tired. It’s true.
John loves to watch the way Sherlock’s cheeks bounce, reverberating after each slap. Loves to see that way the blood rises to the surface of his alabaster skin, staining it crimson. He loves the way Sherlock shouts and cries out with each resounding thunder-crack of John’s hand on his skin. Loves the way his cock leaks into the fabric of John’s trousers, a hot brand clasped between John’s thighs.
The thought of last night makes his mouth curve up, an answering shiver cascading down his spine. Looking forward to indulging in further daydreams John turns the corner on the rows of bookshelves, heading for his cart, and stops dead in his tracks.
The cold air in the office pours over the heated head of his cock like cool silk as Sherlock draws him out into the open and John gasps and gasps for air.
He’s nervous, John can tell from the way he’s frozen where he stands. It hurts for a minute, that hesitation, that uncertainty, but that’s why they’re here. They’re rebuilding trust and the only way to do that is through consecutive steps forward.
John was quiet beside Sherlock, his brow slightly drawn in as if he was thinking hard about something. When Sherlock pulled into his driveway and stopped the engine John didn’t move to get out right away. Charlotte snored softly from the back seat, her head lolling on her neck.
The real Sherlock breaks in on his thoughts, no less condescending than the one in John’s head, “Oh, aren’t you done having your little crisis yet?” Hands thrown up in exasperation, curls flouncing.
John breathes out, his hands unclenching a bit from where they had landed on his hips. “Thanks, I can take it from here.”
“Sherlock, if I’m willing to trust you to tell me what you want, do you think you could kindly extend me the same courtesy?”
Laughter ebbs through the closed door, and it doesn’t make either of them stop, in fact, Sherlock’s big hand wraps itself around the back of John’s head and urges him to take the entirety of him again. And again.
“No. And I’d appreciate you giving me a little more credit. I’ve been working on being more tactful lately and I think—“
Sherlock cradles his phone with his left hand, running his right hand slowly up and down his erection, which stands out from the fly of his pants, the placket of his trousers opened. On screen John’s finger is working in and out of Sherlock’s body. Slowly. John knows what must be filling Sherlock’s ears right now. John remembers well the low, throttled moans his boy had been emanating at that point in the proceedings.
