"Don't shout at me."
John goes to the exam table set up in the corner, makes sure there's a fresh two metres of paper sheet pulled out to cover it, and pats it. "Shall we?"
COPD = chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Angus is outside, filling up the petrol tank of his motorcycle. He has fresh oil stains on his old, patched-up jeans, and Sherlock has no idea how he's not freezing to death in this wind wearing no coat, just a worn plaid flannel shirt tucked under suspenders. A pipe bobbles on his lip, but no smoke is being emitted. Perhaps its purpose right now is similar to how Sherlock fiddles often with the lighter in his pocket, even when he's trying to quit. It's something to keep some of his brain occupied while the rest tries to analyse the problem at hand.
to expect anything."
"Yes, for the usual sort of pointless things John wants us to attend with his friends. This is more important, and he knows it."
This makes him feel at least a bit better, but he knows this respite is unlikely to last long.
"It's a challenging case," Sherlock mutters. He knows John is trying to invite him to talk, but the sense of not wanting John to know is overwhelming. He wants to get his mind off Drakan Zezelj, not dwell on it more even though — for the sake of penance — he should still be poring over those printouts.
"Suxamethone? Are they
"Hardly," Sherlock scoffs. "I had a trial run of those after Andreason died." Mycroft had helped him when he'd relapsed. He'd known he'd have to choose between the coke and his surgical career, and just like with Victor, he'd chosen the future.
"Someone who routinely makes very detailed assessments for high-performing operatives who frequently sustain head injuries."
opioid tolerance = anyone who takes (strong) opioids as a medication or an illicit drug, will experience this physical adaptation where larger doses are needed for the same effect as opioid receptors get used to floating around in a certain base level of the substance
"It’s a kirk."
They glance at each other. "We'll revisit this topic on a better day," the surgeon finally says. It sounds a bit like a warning. "I hear physical therapy isn't going well?" he prompts.
. She died as a result of mistakes made in what was supposed to be a routine operation. Martin wanted to help make sure nothing like that will ever happen again, and he's helping educate people about medical errors. The case and the video linked above are used in many places in teaching students and professionals about such matters. In this interview, Bromiley says what is for me a very touching and memorable thing: "you'll be pleased to know that they all returned to work" when referring to the staff involved. Instead of just finding someone to blame, Bromiley teamed up with those affected by his wife's death to make healthcare safer for everyone.
You didn't think Captain Watson would leave his poor husband completely without some uniformed attention, did you?
"Kind of hard to have a
______________________
"Very astute of you." Sherlock half expects the dealer to ask what it is he actually does for a living, but he probably thinks it's best to know as little as possible about his clients.
Why does his mind insist on returning to those days after Afghanistan like this?
Timothy pries open the patient's eyes. The pupils are blown wide despite the administration of opioids, and all of the emergency measures to control the swelling. John grabs a pair of gloves and leans down to brush aside the singed remains of the patient's hair so that he can peer into the head would. Brain matter is bulging out, and capillaries at the surface of it are bursting and bleeding. "I guess the burns made it pretty much impossible to do much about the sodium balance."
. His pitch, which used to be exemplary, is shot, and playing the Shostakovich to Pichler had ground this truth in like pressing his face into shattered glass. He turns to that piece now, because he needs something that will engage him completely, demand his undivided attention to provide a respite from the echoing chaos in his head. The first part of the composition is too mellow for his mood right now; the second part, the abrasively energetic
"Any pain?" Emma asks. "Your heart rate's a bit fast."
"It's not going to be closure, is it."
John might be concerned about such arrhythmias if he hadn't been picking up on frequent bouts of indignation from Sherlock. It had most likely been arguing with the nurses about how much activity he was allowed in and out of bed. John would have preferred to be the one to look after him at the HDU, and had argued that he'd effectively been Sherlock's physician when he'd first arrived at Chard's Rift, but once it became obvious that Sherlock couldn't cope without supplemental oxygen, they were told that Med Bay would take over. Since John was not a part of that staff rota, the most access they were willing to grant him initially were daily visits in protective gear. He'd called in a favour with a med school friend who now worked at the Tokyo base's Med Bay to get permission to at least access Sherlock's vitals feed. Two days after Sherlock had been admitted to the HDU, the permission was granted.
"Yes, they are, in these kinds of circumstances. John, with your permission, I'd like to admit you, order a preoperative CT to find out where the margins of the abscesses are, and let the OR team know. When have you last eaten?"
"So, you are recovering well?" Pichler asks courteously, perhaps to bring John back into the conversation.
do right by him.
"I just don't understand how he can be so… illogical in how he compares himself to others. Most of the time he's this arrogant sod who thinks most other surgeons aren't fit to even talk to him, but when there's even the smallest setback, he's like some Victorian maiden draped over the bloody sofa moaning how he's lost everything."
Her William is all grown, now. Has his own life. She's still a part of it, so she can't have done everything
She enters the flat, shoulders tucked back. In battle mode, not defeated in shock. "That sounds awfully serious! How is he? Will he be alright?"
"We're not scheming," Joanna says. "We don't have to talk about what happened yesterday, but you should speak with John about what things you could do together this week," she suggests hopefully.
They ring off.
"You spend more time here than you do at your own flat, and have demonstrated reluctance to return there on several occasions. I noticed this early on, so it may not just be attraction to the company."
"Squa––" It’s not the concept that throws Sherlock; after all, he had become familiar with the likes of this man when he’d been using and hanging out with Victor, who was in the trade. It’s the fact that even now, when he’s wearing a Derek Rose pyjama under his Belstaff coat, he apparently has the air of someone who might live on the streets. “No. I have a flat down the street. Waiting for a delivery."
, and a state of mind to commit a crime, also known as
You never apologised for that fleeting moment when you saw how much Sherlock could be hurt and how that pain of rejection and isolation could bleed through his facade. Once that moment passed, he then descended upon the case like a black angel of revenge, relishing taking his former schoolmate down a peg. Now, there is something unsettlingly similar in the way he's lashing out at the entire world.
"Depression. PTSD. Other anxiety and mood disorders. None of which will get better by sticking one's head in the sand."
"That's fine," John promises. "You think I have some master plan, a script in my head when I call you? Think of this as just the two of us, hanging out, remotely."
Sherlock drops back down onto the bed, and they turn to their sides, facing each other. Their fingers find each other and entwine between them, in the no-man's land of empty white sheet.
. He doesn't feel entirely composed, not to the extent he'd hope, but he has no time left to gather himself.
I wish I could offer John a sob story of abuse and innocence. I wish I could give him a reality in which I am blameless for this final assault on our happiness. In saving him, I condemned myself. Was there a moment when I felt relief that I’d found an excuse to use? Had I decided that if the plan didn't work, I'd just burn through, continue using until I expired? Yes.
terribly with his suit.
This gives her pause. "Oh, dear. What for? Did he get stabbed again?"
"They gave you a bilateral serratus block for the pain at the end of the operation, but it stops working after about twelve hours." Emma says. "What that means in layman's terms is––"
"Which sort are you, then?" John jokes, and Sherlock is jolted back into the present from rummaging around his Mind Palace.
"Come with me," John says and grabs his coat.
A sense of urgency and frustration is building again; John has to admit to himself that he's worried about what the rest of the day will be like without her present. He takes a deep breathm wills himself to relax.
John huffs. "Yeah, I think I have."
"Yes, after a consult with a nutritionist about pertinent diet changes. We picked up his prescription and delivered him back home. I promise you that he's quite alright."
"You can have your own bedroom upstairs, if you want to be very Victorian about this whole thing," Sherlock points out. "I wouldn't mind."
Violet strides confidently through the rest of the entrance floor to an open back door from which a gravel path leads to a centuries-old stone barn. Christmas lights have been hung there and a small podium erected at the back. Villagers are bustling about carrying wares they intend to sell, signs to be hung up to instruct patrons where to go, and folding chairs.
You assume that a heavy dose of nicotine will make him antsy, distracted, more restless than before. The few fags you've smoked in your twenties at parties always made you queasy and restless in an almost agitated way. You never experienced the buzz others boasted from it, nor can you imagine how it would help you focus or perform.
"Meningitis and encephalitis can be life-threatening, and I have no diagnosis."
"Why?" Sherlock slams the door without taking out his shaving kit.
ventilator = roughly the same as a respirator; “a breathing machine”
Sherlock is wringing his hands, the now empty chocolate wrapper abandoned on the seat cushion. "It's nothing I haven't experienced before. You need not worry."
John crosses his arms, disgruntled. He retains one day a week of surgeries, one of outpatient clinic, but he can tell the staff is getting annoyed at the constant rescheduling and cancellations. "I'm a surgeon. I've been indulging myself with you, but I should…"
"People with proper training might be able to help even if they're not surgeons. You're not the first to go through this, and she's been pretty good at helping you with lots of stuff before."
"They haven't named anyone else than Sherlock. Fucking vultures," John curses under his breath. "Sorry. It's just that… it's the last thing he needs right now." He realises Joanna won't know what he's referring to since Sherlock, as far as John knows, still hasn't spoken about the OR mishap with her.
"Have you ever heard it said that grief is love with no home? That we grieve the things we cannot show love to anymore? We can grieve the loss of a loved one, and we can grieve the loss of a relationship, because the feelings we have towards those individuals no longer have a direction."
"You know how to gut yours, don't you?" John asks, cocking his head towards their catch.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's a great view," John confirms.
breathing exercises after being on the respirator = artificial ventilation is never as good as real, physiological breathing in keeping those alveoli (lung sacks) inflated and ready to exchange gases (oxygen and carbon dioxide). Breathing exercises are done with patients to re-open alveoli and to keep them open. Breathing high percentages of oxygen will also cause atelectasis (collapse of alveoli).
Sherlock reaches a hand into John's hair, tugging at strands and pressing his finger together as he rakes upwards on John's fringe.
That last one must be Noup Bay, which is where he was dropped off.
Is he supposed to call someone? Who would even need to know what’s happening with John? Is there some social protocol here Sherlock may not be aware of? John had done all the communicating and arranging of things regarding his knee, and when he had got shot, there had been no point in wasting time on the phone; Sherlock had taken off to Northolt directly from work to catch a military plane out to Afghanistan.
"I will be there, I promise. Look, I might sound like a broken record, but… you keep insisting that Joanna can't help because she's not a surgeon but that's not what professional help is about, is it? We can't expect every doctor to have gone through everything their patients have, but they can still know how to help. She knows you and gets you — God knows I'm sometimes jealous that she seems to get through to you so well. Just give it some thought, hmm? Whatever you're trying to process doesn't seem to be progressing, and it's the wrong sort of penance to keep yourself in this state by refusing support."
"I'd consider very few people as flatmates. Or be able to keep as friends. And once I get settled back into London and living here, then maybe… we can see where we go from there."
"Not particularly, but I react paradoxically to some of them."
"Tenofovir and emtricitabine combined with dolutegravir, brand names Isentress, Viread and Emtriva," the doctor announces, then goes to explain doses and intervals. "The goal is to make your viral load drop down to where it cannot even be measured. At that stage, you will not be significantly infectious. We'll estimate at six months whether we should continue with this regime or swap one of the drugs."
, I mean. They think we should attempt all manner of ridiculous and expensive and agony-extending tricks even when we know they won't be useful to the patient. In the States, a doctor cannot apparently take someone off a vent unless the family consents, nor can you deny anyone access to intensive care."
"I don't mean that it'll happen because you make mistakes deliberately or out of carelessness. You'll let it happen by continuing to be a surgeon and accepting that it's a part of the game. You're not on the opposite side of a patient you have harmed — in the consequences of the mistake you've made, you've both suffered a blow in the battle against their illness. More important than removing yourself from the situation is to find solutions together. They recommend that any doctor who makes a mistake will be allowed to help in communicating and investigating the error."
. And got told to join this century by ditching them.
"Do you really want to know?" You're not too sure, either, what with not being a cardiac surgeon, but you're pretty certain at least one of them sits very close to the heart.
. How could he defend his actions if he doesn't understand them?
"I don't work here." Though you've never inserted such drains, you have removed plenty of them.
Natch, who had been lying in the grass next to a rolled-up garden hose, has risen to his feet, but his attempt to ambulate looks more like a wobble. He vomits, lets out a hoarse bark, then collapses on his left side, attempting to claw for purchase on the grass.. Then begins what to John looks like a seizure: the elderly labradoodle's paws are thrashing and his entire form is shaking violently. John drops his plastic glass on the ground, tears onto his feet and yells out for Sherlock.
"Not now, I'm not. I couldn't see it then, but there are always variables in every situation that affect our decision-making, variables that we can't choose. Took me a while to see how useless and kind of egotistical it is to think that only my actions affect a patient's outcome. Any person in an OR team could mess up in a way that has consequences. It's not just the surgeon who feels all that responsibility, and that means you're never alone in there. It's never just on you what happens."
But he
The word
"What was it, then, exactly? What did they fix?" Greg asks, and you realise you never explained to him Sherlock's condition. He'd just texted a few times, asking how Sherlock was doing and whether he could visit, and you just gave the name of the hospital and a time.
John is tempted to demand to know why Sherlock hadn't called him. Once he was given sedation for the procedure, he may have been unable to do so, but why not tell him before? It occurs to John that Sherlock may have asked Mycroft to contact him. Perhaps the older Holmes has done the unforgivable and not kept John up to date like he'd promised. "I'm getting on that plane tomorrow."
"So far, so good, all things considered?" Mycroft summarises.
John smells faintly is soap and sweat and worn cotton washed with the hypoallergenic detergent. "Not what I meant. I don't mind if you're not in the mood, but it's been so many days after I got sick that I thought you'd be up for it."
, and I was at home with him trying to do my best. With a baby added in, I just... I couldn't!”
(See the end of the chapter for
As you wait, you watch Marston as he glares at the Met officers, most of all Lestrade who's reading him his rights. The man in cuffs doesn't look
The moment feels opportune — it's been a whiplash of a day and you want to gauge his mood without others fussing around. In the dim light, he looks young. Pale. His breathing has become even worse after the exam ended, and for a moment you worry that he'll up on a vent even before the surgery. Once you manage to calm your own pounding heart morse-coding the words
Realisation dawns.
"I don't know why John would bother with me. Why he doesn't see how he could have chosen someone less difficult."
He puts the kettle on and removes some chemistry equipment from the two chairs by the kitchen table so that there's somewhere to sit. There's still nowhere to put down a cup, but John finds he is unbothered by this.
“CRP’s still above a hundred but coming down, and the fever’s not gone yet.”
John finds a spot to park on a street lining the Square. He remains in the car since it's raining, since he assumes that Sherlock won't want to stay out for long in just his shirtsleeves. Sherlock slips out and goes to sit on the nearest park bench close to the Guard House. John can see his feet from where he's half-concealed by some bushes. They both remain in place for twenty minutes, thirty, forty.
"Oh," John says politely.
You call out his name and his eyes fly open, drinking in the sight of you. Clearly, the distraction is welcome.
"What is it?" Sherlock asks, and his eye are so wide and alarmed that you realise you haven't explained any of what's been going on in your head to him, and he's the patient.
With pinch-blanched lips and a click of his umbrella on the hardwood floor, Mycroft Holmes makes a tactical retreat into the hallway.
"Dr Watson, it's Yosuke. Could you… can you come to A&E? I think I need another anaesthetist here."
"It's called
The purpose of the letter not just to inform Sherlock that an investigation has begun. It is informing him — with a copy sent to the Trust — that an
. You think I'd have sympathy for him if he pulled the trigger, hm?"
would just underline his predicament, emphasise how at the mercy of others' charity he is right now. He snaps his teeth together and says nothing.
"Yes, you've said, but don't you think we should talk about this? Out of respect for all the work we've done together?" She tries not to make it sound as if she's trying to guilt him into anything, but picking the right words with him is difficult at the best of times. He's reacted adversely to her suggestions and comments before, but not like this. She needs to find out — and quickly — what the gist of the issue is. He's vibrating with angry, anxious energy which brings forth the impulse to comfort him with words, to find something physical to which he could divert those intense emotions, but if she can't get him to have a dialogue, there's little he'll allow her to do to help.
John is inhaling a pizza slice for lunch in his office; he's too snowed under with the all the preparations and trying to stockpile enough plastic visors and FP-3 grade face masks for OR staff to take thirty minutes to go down to the cafeteria. Besides, staff have been discouraged from doing so because keeping a distance of at least one metre between patrons is a challenge there.
And that is why Sherlock's phone will stay behind in London with John as he boards his flight to Zurich.
sure that's precisely what he did that day with Mrs Fairholme, because I have
He dares not show up before sunset.
"Why'd you just ask for my name? Does this have something to do with Doctor Holmes?"
He's thin. It seems as though his pyjama bottoms ride lower on his hips every day.
playing that. You can forget anything that's been ruined by weddings and royal nonsense."
_____________
They enter the lift and stand side by side. No need for the one-metre safety distance since they sleep in the same bed.
"Yeah, sure," John replies sceptically.
"I want you to speak in hypothetical. It's often easier to be objective when we remove a problem from being connected to a certain person."
, John thinks, astounded.
things — she
"Sore throat, sore everywhere. Probably a bit of a cough since his notes say he had one before, and that's going to hurt with the sternotomy. Out of breath, and he's going to need enough meds that his breathing will be so-so for some time. We need to get him to do some breathing exercises early on, and he won't like them. Might need some time on BiPAP depending on how quick he drains the lung fluid."
I am posting two chapters today since they are connected so tightly timeline-wise.
"And I'm in charge of the damned theatre unit where all of this is going on! The
"Can you…" Sherlock swallows, "can you tell him something? For me?"
. Your fingers dig into the back of the chair. "I don't stick around out of obligation. I stick around because I quite like being here. With you. And I just want to understand." You know you should try to avoid saying that you just want things to get back to normal, because that might put pressure on him. Might make him feel guilty for being the reason things aren't fine.
"So, it is very likely he will take you seriously instead of thinking this is an attempt to gain attention."
"I suspect he would just interpret it the way he always does — that I'm trying to make him feel guilty or put him in his place. Or make it all about me. It's his favourite argument these days to accuse me of narcissism. If only he realised that I had no time for myself when he was small. On most days, I felt I barely existed beneath the weight of it all."
"And that's where you're also wrong. If anything, you're an
. He's certain he'd spotted a round concrete well in the back garden, and there is a bucket with a rope in the kitchen. He tests the fibres' strength by trying to pull the rope off the bucket: it holds. There's no telling if it'll withstand the weight of the water.
, a consultant-in-training – at The National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, I was privileged to catch the attention of Jan Andreason. Perhaps some of you may have heard of him? A legendary intracranial tumour surgeon, he rarely trained registrars or gave them the time of the day. But, he saw what I could do, did not seem to care about the interpersonal skills I lacked, and began to instruct me. The attention I received from such a coveted mentor did not go down well among my fellow trainees. My time at The National would have rivalled my boarding school days in terms of torment, if it hadn't been for Andreason. A moody man with economic verbal output, he did not care about the complaints my bedside manner provoked or my nearly daily blunders in interacting with staff; he made those complaints go away. I've been told he called those patients and their families personally, though I do not know what he said to them. He showed me what absolute dedication to surgery means and what the rewards of it are. His death was––"
,  you tell yourself, and then want to make that thought evaporate just like he sometimes swishes away invisible things he digs out from his Mind Palace. You wish you had one right now — all your knowledge and experience arranged neatly, ready to be deployed. If your mind is anything, it's not a palace, but a closet stuffed too tight, and you don't want to open it in case things start falling out. Things you don't want to look at.
"I do know him, having lived in the same house for years. For many of them, we even shared a room," Mycroft reminds him. "I can assure you he really has been sleeping since dinner last night."
, Sherlock, do you hear me?"
He was almost sorry he killed her.
The elder Holmes gave a brittle laugh, "Oh, of course, the morphine... You probably aren't processing a thing I'm saying".
e he wasn't going to be his best man, and
"I... may have seen you eating them occasionally".
He merely frowned and tilted his head to the side, "You're angry".
"So, come on, who's this guy that we're tracking, anyway?" Molly asked a few minuets later, and Sherlock gestured at the building directly across from them, "A suspected drug dealer. A suspected
good, huh?"
Sherlock had been getting restless, getting
"... Yes".
"John?"
, the teen had told him,
"Mycroft".
He automatically headed over towards the couches, the same place where he and Sherlock always sat when they visited the place, and within minutes, Greg was sitting down across from him, placing two steaming cups on the low table between them.
The detective frowned, eyes still shut, "
' me, you know how useless the police are! You might as well have sent a pack of monkeys after me!"
" Lestrade teased, "Honestly, what sort of
to know more people than just John and the police!"
"Yes, well, thanks for breakfast, I just hope they taste as good as they look".
Well.
And that was the problem, wasn't it?
"Time to get up, sleepy head" He said fondly, "You feeling alright?"
She blinked, "... You want to
a gun..." She mumbled, panting as she reached the top step, and ignoring the dark look he shot her way in return.
"I prom'se" He slurred, understanding that whatever it was he did, had to have been bad to cause Mycroft to cry like that.
"Sod off, freak!" She snarled, and he smirked, "Oh, so it
"Then just... here, read the newspaper".
, Mycroft faintly decided,
"I WANT TO BREAAAK FREE!"
Oh yes. The class bully.
"Yes. After Isambard Kingdom Brunel".
Grinning, John turned to face an exasperated Gregory Lestrade, "That'll be £231, when you're ready".
Hair pulled back in a loose ponytail, with strands already failing around her face, smudged lipstick, smudged mascara, and tears streaking the cheap foundation she had decided to try today.
John stood there in shock, slowly blinking, until Sherlock cautiously peered out from his own room, "... I take it she's finally found out, then".
7.43pm.
his best friend.
Sherlock quickly paid the cab fare before turning to face the small café Molly had asked him to meet her in.
The genius did as told with some loud sniffing and dramatic huffs, "'onestly John, what're you even fussin' about-"
But, as all good things do, it eventually came to an end.
And that wouldn't do at all.
It had been approximately 2 hours and 49 minutes since he had spoken to DI Lestrade.
The teenager glared at him, "What, you think you're
Once there, however, he paused, and turned back to face them, "Oh, and by the way... Mycroft?"
John was woken by a loud banging on the flat door and groaned, rolling over to check the time.
Rachel :)
The next day, after much coaxing and bribing and I-promise-you's, Rosie returned to school with puffy eyes and a rumbled uniform.
And then he left for the town library.
"They're all...
"Yes, sorry, yes, Mike, hello".
Letting out a heavy sigh, he collapsed back against the door, head reeling and thoughts spinning.
"... What did you just say?"
The blond quickly stood up, wiping sweaty palms on his jeans, and John rolled his eyes at the motion.
"That is
And there were distinctive boot prints on his once-white shirt, revealing the possibility of internal bleeding and cracked ribs.
"It took a while to convince the Superintendent that I wasn't imagining things, and that you were, in fact, in trouble".
There were many strange things about one Sherlock Holmes, John had quickly noticed only minutes after moving in.
And now that he was at eye level, the Inspector could clearly see that the fractured arm wasn't the detective's only injury.
A pile that was too tall for the short man to reach.
He looked down at the still-smiling toddler.
She hummed thoughtfully, "... Do you like him?"
"No. It's not".
"I thought it was rather too obvious, the hints I gave you. Honestly, I practically named every landmark in a 10 mile radius around us".
She frowned, "Couldn't you go outside? You're allowed to smoke on the sports field".
"You don't strike me as the emotional type".
Taking a deep breath, he picked up his pace, knowing that once he left the building he'd be safe.
He stared at his hand which remained motionless on his hand.
, after half an hour, he had looked at every page and closed the back cover with a resounding
"And she's about to break up with you
The man nodded, glancing around at the other occupants of the store with what looked like regret, before turning back to him.
One minute Sherlock was running down an alleyway, hot on the heels of his latest murderer, and the next, there was a bang, a stinging pain in his head, and the world was suddenly somewhat tilted.
strange" He replied firmly, "You, me, and Jessica!"
Sherlock averts his gaze. "What do you want me to do?"
Or is he feeling marginally less weighted down because he's going back to the only people who have never underestimated his struggles, never expected much of him beyond playacting a normal person who wouldn't embarrass them? When it comes to Sherlock's potential in managing the things his particular neuropsychiatry has made outstandingly difficult, John is the eternal optimist, Pichler the slightly more reserved but still positive coach, and his mother the pessimist.
"You said
," John had said with a smile when Sherlock had stammered out a bastard child of expressed gratitude and an apology for inconveniencing the man. Sherlock wouldn't be able to do as John had told him, because he always overthinks things.
"You have all the bloody CCTV, don't you? How much clearer a picture do you need? These people have had a hell of a day; how about giving it a rest and conducting your interviews later?" John knows they didn't have audio, at least not initially, so they need to interview those who were in there to find out what was said, but can't all that wait?
London, 1536. England awaits with bated breath the fate of Queen Anne Boleyn but, as physician John Watson is about to learn, hers is not the only tragedy unfolding at the Tower.
," Sherlock snarls at that voice in his head from behind clenched teeth and hopes John won't hear the words.
the dirt."
John's threats had always sounded so eerily similar to his endearments.
"Because needing help doesn't make you a bad doctor. Believe me, I've had to learn that the hard way. I thought I was useless, that my career was over because I crumbled to bits after Bastion. And it's a self-perpetuating cycle where you see in the mirror what you think you should be seeing instead of the truth."
_________________
Doctor Pichler keeps telling him that avoiding difficult things is only half the battle: the real test is whether one can make the right decisions when faced with danger and fear.
[supernatural, alternate first meeting]
extraordinary circumstances yet. You kept that from me."
"Neither of you has the right to remove me."
"Just like the way you were treated as a child by your mother doesn't affect you anymore, because it's just water under the bridge? You haven't done anything wrong, Sherlock, by needing to process these things, by having anxiety because John's situation has brought these things back for you. You were not receiving therapeutic support after the two of you returned from Afghanistan. John had an outlet for processing what happened, which has helped him move on, but we have not touched much upon that period in your marriage in your therapy. You cannot break anything by discussing it with me — if anything, it might dispel some of the anxiety you feel about those time periods."
"No, and I don't want to talk."
"He probably did, but I don't check that thing every bloody minute like he does. Probably consults it even just to know when he needs to pee," John chuckles.
"Weird bunch, those Ardles," John says deadpan. "This one got named because it's always been keen on ladies. Wouldn't care about its own best interest when it chased them. Hence the name. The last time I heard it got out they found it trying to hump the Buchanan kids' pedalled toy tractor."
"What about the heart rate?" A nurse asks. It's currently only twenty-five beats per minute and irregular.
"Dr Watson? This is Leonie Greir calling from King's. As per our Major Incident Protocol, I am asking you to come in."
. Dr Laura Arthur, Sherlock's trauma orthopaedist, expresses her concern for what she suspects is a lack of support from John towards Sherlock in
John sighs. If only Sherlock understood that the things that he thinks are so difficult aren't exactly easy for other people, either. Relationships and commitment? John had thought them so daunting that he'd ran as far as he could for years and years if someone wanted to build something like that with him. Dealing with all kinds of people at work — staff, patients, administration — all that gives John grey hairs, too. Of course it's more of a challenge for Sherlock, who can't read people very well, who has little sense of what is socially appropriate. As for being in touch with one's own emotions — John can hardly boast grand success at it after Afghanistan, and that's what had nearly broken their marriage, wasn't it? Not something that Sherlock did or said or didn't do or say. He'd never want to belittle the way being autistic has affected and continues to affect Sherlock's life — John suspects he most likely underestimates its impact on a regular basis — but in many ways it makes Sherlock really
"Were you… married?" Sherlock asks. He knows the answer.
"Be'rrr," Angus says. "Royht as rahn," he tells Sherlock, cocking his head towards the arm Sherlock is cradling.
"I presume you know where it is".
piercing gaze when the man finally decided to speak.
And John was just happy for the two of them.
"Her ring!" He ranted, "She has a paler stretch of skin where the ring was, and based on the slight bruising on her finger it's obvious that it was taken off recently, and with quite a lot of force too".
She smiles softly, "It was nice meeting you, Sherlock... I'm Molly, by the way. Molly Hooper".
"John!" Sherlock snapped, looking strangely worried even as undid the rope tying his hands together, "Keep your eyes open. Look at me, John, I need you to stay conscious".
lips alright.
The man who still
She sighed, cutting off his rambling speech, "Just... how about you start with telling me what all these cartons are for?"
Hope you enjoy!
who is now alive
"Those things will kill you, you know".
"Yes, the East Wind" He agreed, reaching in as she held up a chubby arm, tiny fingers immediately wrapping around his thumb.
Mycroft let out a heavy breath that he hadn't realised he'd be holding the second the car door shut behind him.
, Sherlock, when you just go ahead and
"'M not hungry".
Immediately the newspaper was discarded as the man jumped to his feet, "Greg? Are you alright? What's wrong?"
"Any plans after that?"
Sherlock abruptly stood up, "She's a highly-functioning toddler, do your research".
The genius tried to drag the quilt back over his head, but John refused to let go, "Sherlock, you're sick".
mummy thinking of?"
"Sherlock
" He growled, yanking the cigarette from his mouth, "Stop
Mycroft quickly stood up, leaving the court room just as silently as he had entered.
"Mycroft".
. You even had a
He was a doctor. He knew what the first stages of hypothermia were, and right now, his shivering and alertness were dangerously accurate indicators.
"Can you give me an example of a specific quote? As much as I enjoy your colourful descriptions, they are a subjective representation of him."
Ironically, it might just have been his brother's overbearing attempt at warning him off that had helped Sherlock find the resolve to start reading.
"No. Never have been."
Of course, Sherlock does. John has never participated much in research, but he now has a joint project with another neuroanaesthetist to try to assess whether a midazolam infusion during aneurysm surgery might protect older patients from post-operative cognitive problems, or if it will make them worse. Sherlock had helped him design the study. It is quite simplistic, but for John all such things are new and thus alien, and it's best to stick to something any physician could do as a first step in gaining some academic merit. “Of course.”
Joanna nods. "There's only a drizzle, barely more than a mist."
The only stages I plan to go through include anger which shall be followed by resignation. A part of me always knew it was childish to believe that those two years I lost to hunting down Moriarty would be repaid, somehow. With what? Happiness? Ha. That has eluded me all my life, save for the too few years I got to spend with John living at Baker Street. I was never destined for an easy, long life.
— advanced COPD, early dementia, and was on warfarin for paroxysmal a-fib which of course made the bleeding worse. Spontaneous ICH, massive midline shift. Left pupil blown, no light reaction, no brainstem reflexes upon arrival at A&E. They'd tubed her on site, and she'd already been bradycardic and extremely hypertensive before that — more so than I'd expect to see just from a protective haemodynamic reaction."
Pichler would probably tell him to stop overthinking this. Remote, turn-based interpersonal communication is harder than face-to-face, and it appears that he is the one responsible for breaking this logjam. He's been summoned into the bedroom, so to the bedroom he must go instead of vibrating out of his skin in the sitting room.
Before, you could wave away the worst of your worries. Before, you just thought he was a bit dizzy. A bit winded. A bit this and that, maybe a head cold. Now, when you see Sherlock shake his head, witness him deny himself the chance to face the man who has run him ragged around London for weeks, you realise that he feels even more rotten than he looks. And he doesn't look too good at all.
"Are those even yours?" John asks, not recognising the Tupperware box balanced on his husband's hip.
"I'm so sorry, Vi," George says, a quiver in his tone which he instantaneously schools away.
"He was so affected by that Christmas mugging; I suppose this may be worse," Mycroft muses.
, Sherlock reminds himself.
Though the next story — called "Morphogenesis" — will conclude the series, I have in my years as a fic author learned never to say never. I shall always leave the backdoor open for these boys since I find leaving them even more difficult than their reader friends!
Sherlock has never had any interest in going to the better-known gay clubs in London. In his opinion they are vapid, tourist guide -approved cliches inundated with nineties queer culture nostalgia and plenty of bare skin in only-barely-designer brands. No, he knows London and knows where the men who know what they want and seek it with discretion. These places are the true floating world, the haven of those still married and in the closet, or who never shoved themselves into such places in the first place. This one is all dark wood and meticulously positioned shadows, the aesthetic carrying hints of an opium salon. Here, Sherlock has never failed to attract exactly what he wants. Instead of a suit, he has occasionally donned black jeans and a white shirt with several buttons left open, perhaps even added a bit of eyeliner. It’s not quite a goth pastiche but enough to fit in, to signal that he wants to be lavished with attention but is no virginal creature. To fit in better, he'd ditched his suit jacket and untucked his shirt, rolling up the sleeves and unbuttoning as many buttons as he’d dared. Lestrade is on the other side of the club, looking awkward and out of place. Sherlock is certain this is more due to being in a club than being in an upmarket gay club per se. Pubs are more the DI's scene.
Now, there's is another meaning for PDA I must negotiate — public displays of anxiety. One of these occasions is when John emerges from the bathroom, Rosie in his lap and her soft, chubby fingers curled around my toothbrush. She's gnawing on the handle, and my instinct is to fling myself off the sofa and remove it before she gets to the bristles. My dental hygiene is impeccable; my gums haven’t bled in a long time, have they?
"Shame on you, you delinquent," John chides playfully. "That's some nurse's midnight treat you're snacking on."
You realise, once again, how desperately he must need to hold on to the marginal sense of control he still retains over his body. He needs it to be his decision. "The surgeon will come see you once he's seen the scans and explain everything."
protective and worries needlessly."
"You said something about––" you start.
"I think I maybe have, already."
He takes his tea into the sitting room. There, his ears perk up at a strange sort of faint, raspy sound.
He wonders idly who cuts John's hair: the style is appalling.
"You don't even seem surprised that I looked into it."
"He smokes," you tell anyone who listens.
"I don't think about it often anymore. George never wants to discuss it. You know how it was with men in those days. Everything related to women's health made them uneasy. But I would never let him claim it wasn't a decision we made together," Violet explains. She's aware of not sounding all that coherent — how does one discuss something for which the right words have never existed?
"Yes."
Mycroft sighs. "I had hoped your work today would keep you out of the house for longer."
"I think it unlikely that he will walk up to you and tell you he wants to talk about what happened. But it doesn't mean that he doesn't need an outlet."
"In population studies, the profile of the autistic individual is that they are mostly male and unmarried. Many girls and women never receive a diagnosis or receive it relatively late in adulthood because there is a bias towards the symptom profiles most commonly seen in males. Up to nine out of ten autistic individuals do not get married or procreate."
NYHA class = a classification used in assessing the severity of heart failure symptoms
The door in the plexiglass wall opens, and Sherlock follows five other people back into the room.
"Hippocrates."
gave up for him."
not alright,” Sherlock accuses with a most embarrassing waver in his voice. “You’re not thinking straight, so I have to do the thinking for the both of us.”
____________
John realises that Sherlock is asking him to respect that, to stop assuming John then needs to take over.
"I don't know. I might… try to talk to him. On my own. Maybe."
Sherlock squares his shoulders, thinks about London, about crime scenes, about how he conducts and carries himself when he has to deal with the likes of Sally Donovan and Philip Anderson and everyone else who loathes him. Who he loathes.
He studies your expression, seeking further evidence that he won't be dismissed and ridiculed. Your heart aches for him for having gone through things which have so shattered his confidence that others would respect what he thinks and feels.
The urgency of the pull to go to his husband is making John so restless that he can't resist rattling the door handle just to get something to do.
"I tried to avoid it as long as I could, but another student with a petty grudge decided to blackmail me to reveal it to the faculty. Even then, I refused to make a formal declaration because it would have led to more teacher scrutiny and perhaps lowered standards in assessing my performance."
Sherlock sighs theatrically. "I know. I'd be the last to want to face the ire of Violet Holmes for someone messing up her dinner schedule."
"How would you go about it if I were? Dangle it from a string tied to the windowsill? Lock it in your gun box? Shove it behind the toilet seat?"
"I used to think he liked to pretend bad things never happened, or that he just didn't want to talk about them with me," John admits, shaking his head. He'd lived with Sherlock for years before beginning to understand how these things work. The more upset and stressed Sherlock gets, the harder it is for him to put any of it into words or even start to process it. When those emotions overwhelm him completely, the consequence might be a meltdown, at worst. John has only seen that once in its full form, and it had been a frightening experience.
"John––" Sherlock whines with an urgent, lost tone and John is tempted to say something soothing; he doesn't want to be rushing into this so much that Sherlock ends up hyperventilating and retreating. His being so damned sensitive is a perk for the both of them — until it becomes a problem for Sherlock. He already sounds as though he doesn't even quite know what he's asking for, anything and everything and saying it's too little and too much. John reaches a hand to press down on his left hip, already wiggling and shifting and thrusting up to find friction under John's weight.
Sherlock wonders, then realises Ardle must be referring to
"That's only a marginal improvement upon sports metaphors," Sherlock says bitterly.
You push aside the curtain surrounding his bed and seek out the attention of the afternoon shift nurse whose name evades you. She raises her brows when she notices you. "He needs something for pain. Oxy must have worn off."
thing, Sherlock. What I meant was that I can read you, and I want to notice it when you're not alright, so I can help."
It hadn't occurred to Sherlock there could be a way to communicate such things without him having to know how to voice his feelings precisely. He'll never be much good at that, not even with Doctor Pichler's assistance. As usual, John seems to be doing a lion's share of the work, and that grates on Sherlock, but he tries to keep in mind that John wants to carry the load.
"You looked like you needed the rest. Shoe size?" John is eyeing Sherlock's leather oxfords with a mixture of confusion and amusement.
He replies nothing. He can hear Mycroft's personal chef clanging pots and pans in the kitchen; mealtimes are observed with Swiss precision in his brother's house. Sherlock feels guilty for the nearly untouched plates that are returned to the kitchen after he's sat staring at them for an hour while Mycroft makes awkward small talk. He wants to eat, but… He wants to
…scifi:
"Not so much anymore. His trust in my abilities to manage seems to have increased. He even apologised for being so sceptical about the GOSH project."
"It's not certain that the echo findings would have warranted a CT. Perhaps he could have got away with a plasty before things scarred up, but with this amount of damage… I really can't say for certain," Alexander Cowie explains.
You watch him grunt and gasp as he arranges himself onto his side. You remove his pulse ox, grab his IV bag, which you'll hang off the pole attached to the walker. There are no infusions needed now, so no need to unlatch any pumps. The monitor has a small, detachable subunit which you can carry or hang off the walker. You place your right hand under Sherlock's bony shoulder against the bed, and he grasps the side rail with his other hand. You know he can't pull with much strength since it's murder on his sternum, so he needs yours to lift him up to sitting. Your left hand helps him slide his feet off the bed.
with Victor all went up in flames, eventually. She took it as proof that he was just as vulnerable, gullible, weak and incapable of human interaction. Hence her concern that John was just the same as
The cold, sceptical amusement emanating from his brother made Sherlock grind his teeth.
"Just so you could do your meningioma? Sherlock, I don't have time for this right now; I'm in a
' is much more interesting than the current weather patterns in Benidorm or whatever else your mostly geriatric acquaintances consider riveting conversation. Besides, how was Waldegrave's operation any less grotesque than the average craniotomy where the patient is asleep? Why would it be more acceptable to discuss that?"
"I believe we've isolated all of the factors at play," the counsel says. "I see no reason to create a contradictory paper trail to our official statement to the family."
There's a tense but triumphant exclamation of "
"It's a lot," you offer, wondering if he's cold. He could put the pyjama top back on if he wanted, but he remains lying on his side, hands lax beside. "It's a lot to take in," you continue, hoping that he'll take the bait, that he'll talk to you. You're hoping that you won't have to navigate the usual maze of his non-communication, wouldn't have to hope to find treasure at the centre instead of some monstrous trauma you don't want to awaken inadvertently. There's no time. You have to deal with this now.
"I could not stay at The National. Thankfully, my academic track record allowed for a change of Deanery, and I was employed by King's College for the remainder of my specialist training."
John belongs to himself and the ocean and his memories of something he won't even really discuss, save for fleeting mentions and half-truths. But… John had still broken the shield he’d constructed around that solitary existence to let Sherlock in, even if he knew things would come to an end. It has to mean something.
John is taken aback, shocked to silence as he hurries behind Sherlock who's already on the kerb, hailing a taxi.
Sherlock is deteriorating by the hour. What’s taking them so long in organising theatre time? Surely, some geriatric with a less urgent issue could wait? You feel guilty for such reasoning, but only for a moment. This is Sherlock —
"People want and expect heroes," Sherlock says bitterly. "I'm not a hero, Mummy, any more than any other doctor or nurse is. What I did that night and what I am being put on trial for was my duty. I was being a surgeon, and surgeons can't crumble under pressure, can't bend to the whims of laypeople who don't know what medical approach is in their best interest."
"Where the hell are you going?"
"Have you finished?" Joanna asks curiously instead of the tone Sherlock has used sometimes for similar inquiries after John has laid things all out like this.
If Sylvie had suffered a blood clot -type stroke, valuable time would have been lost in a delay before imaging and initiation of treatment to dissolve the clot. If any complex patient case is scrutinised enough, some delay or suboptimal conduct will always be found, because healthcare is performed by humans, and humans aren't perfect.
platonic friendship between John and Sherlock instead of johnlock
"With the way you are feeling at home right now. I am not seeking to damage your relationship — I am hoping to strengthen it by making sure there's room in it for both your emotions. Right now, you are saving all the space for John's while boxing yourself in tighter and tighter. As a result, your emotions are bursting out of the seams. They don't disappear just because we tell them they should. They're just dormant, waiting. This is what happened with your mother. I assume the last thing you'd want is for those things to fester when it comes to John."
John is still in the driver's seat, gaping. Just when he'd thought they were getting somewhere, it seems like Sherlock is fitting his neck into a noose again.
He ends up retreating to bed before John and falling asleep. If he knew that the emotional labour of a therapy session could break through his insomnia, he would have gone to see Joanna Pichler earlier. Or perhaps he wouldn't have. Having to drag himself through the crushed glass in his psyche is a heavy price to pay for a few hours' of slumber.
— not like this. Not in a way that turns his thoughts into static. He wouldn't try to swim away from a riptide if John was still caught in it, wouldn't step away from an oncoming car were their lips pressed together.
.Regardless, he wouldn’t join John Watson for an evening of undoubtedly tedious television smelling as he had before slipping into the bath. Now, the scent of cheap soap has replaced rather than eau de Westray.
"Thank you."
"There, I met my husband."
Sherlock fishes out all the fruit pieces and berries and chucks them into the lilac bush. This alarms Natch who's been napping under Sherlock's deck chair. The dog yawns and totters into the house to see why his humans are being so restless.
"Your father can open the door of a fully stocked fridge and declare there's no food in the house. If you've inherited his powers of non-observation––"
should be making things easier for
Sherlock is standing between him and the open bedroom door, wringing the skin on his arm under the bundle of the throw since he does not know what he's supposed to say or do. Does John want his explicit consent for serving him lunch, or is silence enough?
"If they got into a fight, maybe he dropped the axe and had to pick it up in a hurry? No time to reposition it in his hand. That bruise is on the guy's thigh, the cuts on his upper body."
"Wear what you want. There's no etiquette for civilians except for the banquet dinner, which is black tie or Mess Dress."
__________
"Bethany! Additional injuries? We need to know what's bleeding," John points out. He assumes that Yosuke and Bethany are following protocol and have gone through the standard quick but thorough initial exam for trauma patients.
John then rises from his seat, takes both their empty plates. "If you get bored, we could watch some footie tonight. I didn't spot a telly in the Drever house, so…"
"No, I'll get a cab."
Sherlock, as a surgeon, has the privilege of marching into theatre when the subject of his operative intervention is already blissfully unaware of what's going on and incapable of distracting him with pointless prattle. Some surgeons are willing to do herniated disc repairs under spinal anaesthesia, but Sherlock doesn't see the point. Shouldn't the surgeon's concentration be given higher priority than some arbitrary justification anaesthesia seems to find in keeping them awake? He has wondered if it's because a spinal block patient requires much less time and effort to be moved out of the OR post-operatively than someone who's been given GA, intubated and then flopped onto their stomach for a back operation.
"Just tired. Didn't get home until an hour before you; operation ran late," Sherlock lies.
"In your current state, are you able to do those things — to be attentive, to support him in his recovery?"
Before the panel can pose another question, Sherlock addresses them. "Did I make a mistake in my decision-making in the case of Sylvie Fairholme? No,
Tonsillectomies in adults carry significant complications risks which haven't even been discussed yet.
"I just like hearing your voice," John suggests, "and seeing you. This is just me, not some dinner party from hell where you have to behave yourself. And you do. You've never not… well, tried your best," John admits.
The absence of John is written in the hunch of his shoulders, in the grey tint of his skin, in the darkness in his eyes.
By sunset, his rhythm is a mixture of rapid atrial fibrillation and frequent ventricular extrasystoles. Mike tells you that they won’t go for a cardioversion — using electricity to revert back to sinus rhythm — because the short anaesthesia needed is risky right now. Even if it would just mean a relatively small dose of propofol, it might kill him. They also don't want to lower the heart rate because that is currently what his heart depends on in getting at least some blood pushed into the aorta before it all flows back.
Mycroft offers his hand to his baby brother. "It'll be nice to have you visiting," he suggests to Sherlock. "Maurice can take that," he then adds, and a man standing close by wearing a flight attendant uniform reaches out for Sherlock's cabin bag.
He still smiles at me. Looks at me reverently while I steal glances at myself in shop windows and mirrors of murder houses to track the change a part of me expects but can't anticipate.
"I liked kissing you. I didn't expect that. I like being close like this; clothes are a nuisance, anyway. Nothing in me is aching for more, though."
, I hoped you could fend for yourself and keep your nerves in check just for a moment, but no. It’s time for patches, then. Could have picked them up just now.”
. You know how hard it is to try to gauge what he's thinking, and there's been so much going on even without this that's been really wearing him down."
Sherlock chuckles bittersweetly. "I wouldn't have put it past you to dump him in a shelter. Then, I started thinking that allowing me to keep him might be your attempt to manipulate me into quitting med school and living at home permanently."
"You want me to describe Sherlock."
"Don't worry," John says and disappears into the bedroom. "I think you can cope with this one."
He doesn't ask for his patient's name.
They both reach for the wine bottle on the table almost simultaneously, and John's hand ends up covering Sherlock's on it. He does a quick, short inhale, but does not pull away. Instead, he meets John's eyes, the look in his own inquisitive, expectant.
"Then let him. Perhaps even tell him about the things you feel nervous about? Let him do this for you, Sherlock. I think that allowing yourself to rely on his partnership would be good for you, and to accept that it is in no way a failure on your part. We all want and need the support of our partners when we face new situations and stressful social interaction. You're not the only one worried about encountering such scenarios, and one doesn't need to be on the autism spectrum to be wary in that way. This can be a very good experience in terms of ridding yourself of some of your oldest, most resilient fears."
"Hello, John," Sherlock says. "Why are you watching this drivel?"
that Joanna is nothing like that. Just... wouldn't you try to talk to her, please? Or even just Greg? Or that surgeon he told me he suggested––"
"Is it? I know plenty of colleagues who have it, some have even had an ulcer. Maybe you could ask Occy Health for a PPI prescription?"
"If I was willing to lose my best goddamned neurosurgeon just because he can be a nightmare to work with, I'd have sacked his arrogant arse years ago. But you know as well as I do that it wouldn't have been in the best interest of the Trust at all."
"It's not a matter of rationalising that you won't. It's…"
The Centre is relatively small, housed at Hayes House, also known as the George Institute. A low red-brick building on George Street, it does not carry the splendour of the colleges Oxford is famous for. Sherlock's large office overlooks the street and is filled with the same creative clutter John had expected based on his flat. He shows John more of his work, including some mouth-watering new 3D renderings of Entierros wrecks which they had only scanned and not dived. John greets and exchanges a few words with Andrew and Morten; Joseph works elsewhere. Andrew is well on his way to finishing his PhD, Morten is getting there, too.
"Do you remember where you are?" you ask Sherlock, who's going a bit cross-eyed examining all the wires attached to him.
_______________
he's ranting or complaining about things or getting into a tizzy after a very trying day.
"I must say he was rather a good sport about it all," Mycroft informs him as though he'd read John's mind. "Perhaps his mood issues of late prevented his usual histrionics about being subjected to medical care."
"In his circulation." You nod towards Sherlock, who seems to have nodded off.
The rules at Princess Royal are that whoever comes to pick a patient up from the ENT ward must come all the way up to their room so that they, too, will hear the discharge instructions the patient is given. Sherlock asks Edgar to come along so that he gets all the pertinent info for keeping John company during the next few days. John is not aware of this plan; Sherlock will accept no arguments against it, so it would be pointless to raise the subject beforehand. John is given a discharge bag containing a disposable emesis bowl, a juice box, tissues and post-discharge instructions. Sherlock removes the bag from his lap and deposits it with Edgar.
“You’d better.”
told, weren't you?"
Violet wastes no time in circling the table and tugging it out of his hand. "Never you mind that."
John may not match his intelligence, but Sherlock suspects there is no explanation he could give to buying class A drugs that John would consider acceptable. There is no logic that Sherlock could offer that John couldn't counter very easily.
Standing by the small mirror above a cracked sink in the dim light of a single bulb in the windowless bathroom, he catches himself thinking of John Watson.
The need to correct her misguided view helps Sherlock calm down just enough to reply. "Speak for yourself. Everyone always insists that marriages are about talking, but do people really do that? You and dad never talk about things, important things, emotional things, do you? I can't imagine him doing that. So that can't be the reason it works or doesn't. It must mean that I'm not just cut out for it, the rest of it, I mean, for…
, and recognises, and scrambles to his feet.
"Yes, there is a very valid reason, it being that
. And your competence isn't being questioned by anyone but some piece of shit
"The GMC has no power over the NHS. And there needs to be some sort of system for patients to have their cases re-examined, and for doctors unfit to practice to be monitored and struck off, if need be," John points out.
"Yet he has shown to be willing and capable of learning to deal with those social interactions. He's made a lot of progress, John, which he doesn't always see himself. That's an even more brittle part of his confidence than what happens in the OR."
"I'm sure Sherlock can find that out."
"Go on."
Emma drops some pencils into a mug. "Um… that would be nice, but he… I don't think he'd answer the door." She exhales and swallows, looking worried, now.
"I called King's; Collings is on site at the ENT ward and he promised to wait until we get there. It should spare us from having to deal with his junior staff at A&E first before being sent inevitably to the ENT unit." Normally, urgent ENT patients would have to be first assessed at one of the Accident & Emergency units, but being King’s College physicians allow the two of them to bypass the usual patient flow. Sherlock knows he can do just as good a job with this initial assessment as any of the ENT trainees could. In fact, he suspects he might even be better at it than they are, so there is no need to waste time tiring John further by taking him to be examined by someone who'll just defer to their consultant.
"Sherlock… I think this is… I mean… they call it Stockholm syndrome or survivor's guilt of whatever. The A&E doc told Fairholme the facts. There was no malpractice. There were no mistakes. He just wanted to blame someone and killed several people because he's not a very nice man. Wouldn't it be best to just put this behind you? You won't even have to appear in court."
"You don't need to worry," Collings promises, "John will be alright."
John swallows, pivots on his heel once, twice. His phone starts ringing in his pocket and he answers it. It's the call he's been expecting, one informing him that the patient has been brought into the OR and he needs to join the team to start the anaesthesia induction.
gone according to plan. John decides to emphasize this point to Greg the next time he sees the senior surgeon.
"I thank him in London but hmm, still a bit with all the drugs they give me in intensive care unit, you know?" Mr Zezelj flashes a grin which Sherlock is relieved to see is symmetrical. Stroke often affects the nerves that control facial musculature.
"Do we know anything about why this person targeted him yesterday, assuming the press has the correct information?"
The supervising nurse replaces the MRI slides with contrast medium which had only shown the tumour margins on the right give way with angiography images. They confirm what Sherlock has just seen with his own eyes — that he must've hit a coiled aneurysm. The diverter stent is on the opposite side, sitting at a comfortable distance from where he'd planned to cut.
"Could you relay how, precisely, John phrased his invitation and explanation about the reunion?"
Sherlock remembers he's not had any yet today. "Don't mind if I do," he replies, sticks his hands in his coat pockets, and follows the lighthouse-keeper.
John grimaces after having a taste of the fresh tomato salad that had somehow appeared beside each of them. "I don't know why, but tomatoes are still the worst."
Sherlock cannot tell for certain whether his slightly mangled English is due to aphasia or lack of practice speaking it; the wealthy couple had brought with them to London their own interpreter so this is the first conversation Sherlock has had with his patient in English.
Laughter.
Violet crosses her arms. "That nice young man who works for you called and said that you had an urgent work commitment and had to cancel."
"People understand the difference of being careless and a meticulous person making a mistake because nobody's perfect."
"I suppose they'll do that when I get discharged. I got to pick between harmonic dissection and electrocautery. Told Collings to do whichever has less of a bleeding risk. Having to anaesthetise those patients who get one can be hell.”
"Just… just say it?" You prompt him gently. "Whatever it is. Even if it's complicated or a mess or you don't even know what's keeping you from… from everything. It's been weeks; your valve is doing alright, you're doing alright. No reason why we can't be getting back to normal."
"You don't have to explain," Sherlock says quietly. "I'm glad you did."
"How are you feeling?" John asks, giving his partner a once-over. Sherlock is a bit pale, his hair is a mess, he's lost weight and the oxygen prongs are an unmissable reminder of what ails him, but he looks a hell of a lot better than he did the night when John had been summoned to the infirmary just as the Med Bay MET team was packing Sherlock up onto a plastic-covered isolation trolley to be brought here to the HDU. He'd only spent four miserable days in a regular field hospital bed in the infirmary, attended to by John before he'd deteriorated too far to remain there. He knew how much more challenging it was for Sherlock than the average officer or ground crew member to be ailing in a large, noisy, echoing space full of other people. He would have preferred to look after Sherlock in their own dorm room, but it hadn't been practical or safe.
," Sherlock scoffs. "That's preposterous."
rather than darker soy sauce?"
"Just like a violinist."
"John is not a bad person, and I won't have you try to frame him as such."
______________
Sherlock flaps a noncommittal wrist at him, burying his nose between John's shoulder and neck. "I don't mind if you get aroused."
"Can you just… do that later? Can't you get headphones out and listen to something, instead of staging some sort of musical airstrike in here?" John pleads.
"Prat." John grabs a decorative pillow and throws it at Sherlock's head.
Mulling over this, John realises something he doesn't like one bit. "He went to the neurosurgical ward. Then to the neurosurgical OR. That can't be random. Why's he doing this? Why that ward?"
embroidered on it, shoving it onto Sherlock's head. "Obviously practicality means nothing in London, but here we go for that first, fancy hairdos second."
_______________
"Doesn't it also mean statues supposedly imbibed with magical powers or possessed by spirits?"
The bedroom door is still closed, and no sounds indicating intelligent life have been emitted from inside. John wonders if Sherlock is asleep or lying awake; the former seems most likely since Sherlock is not the type to be able to just lounge around for this long with nothing to occupy his brain.
"Hello?" The sleep-soft voice of Marius Collings answers.
"Yes," John promises resolutely.
_________________
A registrar assigned to Sherlock's case who'd introduced herself just before the round presents a summary: "Sherlock Holmes, thirty-five years old. No regular medications or long-term somatic diagnoses prior to hospitalisation. Sporadic smoker, allergic to sulphonamide antibiotics, social alcohol use, no current drug use. There's a history of endocarditis from six years ago, secondary to intravenous use of cocaine and heroin. No significant valve pathology detected then, no compliance to follow-up. Presented yesterday with rapidly developing acute heart failure caused by rupture of mitral chordae. Classification severe, NYHA class IV, pulmonary oedema and hypotension present at admission. Surgical correction late last night through standard open sternotomy with a bi-leaflet disc mechanic replacement valve. Minimal seam leak within accepted post-operative parameters, ultrasound already showing marked improvement in ejection fraction and thoracic x-ray showing resolution of oedema."
remember.
"If a death and a potentially permanent injury are the last step in a chain of actions beginning with my decision, then––"
"Go get tea and stop being useless." Sherlock digs out his glasses from his jacket pocket so that he won't have to squint at the screen.
"No, Sherlock, that's not–– I mean, that's great, but I just came on you and you're offering me the job? What the
Sherlock needs to do something with his body, to turn nervous energy into motion and sound before it finds itself another outlet, another way to break out like the side of a dam giving away in a flash flood. If he can't channel it, he just might have a meltdown, and that is something he's sworn he'll wouldn't let John see for a second time.
Should John obey the impulse to text Sherlock once more, to tell him he loves him, that he's proud of him for today? Would Sherlock just think it's a painful reminder that people are keeping a careful eye on his performance?
"Anyone calling themselves a therapist would beg to differ," Sherlock points out. "Most of them are overpriced charlatans, but still."
Sherlock shrugs. "We practiced among ourselves, of course. It teaches you a lot to experience both roles."
The surgeon clears his throat. "Um, on that note, we might have a word about exercise habits––"
"Just sedated," you confirm, hoping that the conversation is concluded.
It's late in the afternoon, and the two of them are sitting in a conference room at the offices of Slaughter & Overy, one of London's more prominent law firms.
The story of Sherlock and John's African honeymoon, during which John caught Dengue fever and nearly succumbed to kidney failure is told in
"I'm not treating him, though, am I? Dealing with this mess without any role that might make him more inclined to listen to me isn't going to be easy."
____________
"Christ," John mutters, "sweet bleeding Christ
It's not a lot of information to digest. Why does John need to take a moment?
As the day of the Competency Tribunal grows closer, Sherlock finds the sessions with Pichler to diminish in usefulness. He needs to focus on moving forward, not on trying to paint a verbal landscape of his emotions.
"I was needed at A&E," Sherlock adds, pulling off his scarf.
"I am not here to tell you that your autistic sons, daughters, brothers, sisters and friends all will have the opportunities that I did, and that all of them will become doctors or barristers or choose other high-powered careers. What I am here to tell you, as someone who very nearly became nothing at all, is this:
John's eyes are drooping. "Go home; not much to see or do here."
_________________
[medical angst, developing johnlock]
You hardly need to convince Mycroft that something needs to be done; he's gauged from some strategic text messages designed to provoke certain responses and from the fact that Sherlock has not contacted Lestrade yet about cases, that something is amiss.
, John thinks incredulously.
air cuff = most intubation tubes have these: they protect the lungs from blood and vomit, keep the tube in place and prevent gases delivered by the respirator from leaking out before they reach the lungs
He pries his eyes open and pushes aside the curtain, expecting the uninspiring and already tediously familiar sight of the sea, perhaps with some gulls and the glum, low-hanging clouds which seem to embrace the island habitually. The sight as he squints through the old glass meets his pathetically low expectations, with the additional bonus of a sheep with a dog collar feasting on the taller grass growing by the well. Initially, Sherlock's still half-asleep brain accepts this sight as normal in this rural island setting, but eventually it's the dog collar that banishes the last dregs of sleep from his intellect.
"Excuse me?"
"We'll also need better pain management," Sherlock announces. "Something easier to swallow than tablets."
He scoffs. "You can't fix
"Forgot my keys," he excuses himself and turns his back to the bouncer to signal he has no desire to enter the premises.
Mike turns to face him with a reserved smile. "It can elevate the risk of other arrhythmias, and house practice is to reserve it for patients with difficult airways…"
Thankfully, Mycroft tells him the opposite over breakfast. Sherlock is not entirely convinced by these brotherly assurances, but Mycroft has always been better at him at reading people, and the man does not have a habit of lying to make other people feel better.
John grit his teeth during those harrowing days. He was certain that, once the media scrutiny died down, things would get better: they could move past this, focus on their work.
Mycroft downed primly the last of his own drink. "Let it out, if you must. Not the first time I've had to act as your emotional punching bag."
"That was the one thing I had going for me. Now, it's gone."
He fades into the dust swirling in from the darkness in the corners of the room.
John marvels. Nobody had paid much mind to the initial reports from Asia; after all, even the WHO had been sceptical of human-human transmission just three months ago. Covid-50 had swept the planet like wildfire, bringing the already kaiju-strained world economy to its knees. The previous epidemic in 2019–2020 should have taught governments some lessons about preparedness but then again, the kaiju had turned all other public health and safety issues into background noise. The monsters were the only threat humanity had cared about in recent years, and they were the adversary in the battle to which John had dedicated his life.
, he curses inwardly in the lift which he thankfully doesn't have to share with anyone.
The therapist greets him with her usual open but polite smile and a handshake. She lets him take his time settling into the appointment room. He can't decide where to sit and takes up a position standing by the sofa he usually occupies. The therapist arranges herself into her usual armchair, pen and pad ready, knees and ankles together and slanted to the side just as royals are instructed to sit.
The press
Not much about the two brothers and the things they can do surprises you anymore.
John is not exaggerating: doctors who give orders on how to care for patients and which medications to administer are responsible for both the content
"I have been told all hospital beds are reserved for patients," Mycroft explains, his distaste obvious, "so, in lieu of a proper bed, it was decided that a temporary solution should involve something on which you are accustomed to sleep."
It's such an agonising contrast to the man John has watched flail around the flat this morning.
He puts the glass in the sink and turns, leaning against the counter. He looks down at Natch, who's wagging at his feet, and sniffs because his nose is congested and threatens to drip. His head is pounding; that always happens when he's been crying.
John's left hand slips into his jacket pocket and curls around the reassuring shape of his car keys. He knows he shouldn't be driving this agitated, but he's not leaving his car here. He needs to take Sherlock home. "Thank you," he tells the woman.
His train back deposits him at Victoria Station. As he heads to the exit to Buckingham Palace Road, the sound of a bow on strings perks up his ears. A cellist is busking in a busy corridor, a worn hat on the floor containing many coins and even some notes. Londoners are discerning customers when it comes to busking since they are treated to many talented ones; judging by the loot, this one must have some talent. Sherlock slows his steps but does not stop until he recognises the melody. And that's when he feels as though someone has kicked him in the chest.
Sherlock's throat tightens. He has deduced that John's changing expression means that they are headed firmly towards a conversation which has the potential to be emotional and thus difficult to navigate. All he can do is hope that John will be that navigator while he bounces from wall to wall trying to communicate what he really means while trying to manage John's expectations.
"He likes to think what he does requires outstanding intelligence. Occasionally, it might jog things along, but mostly he just pushes around foreign dictators."
Sherlock glances at his watch.
, he commands himself.
Polishing a sword that has never seen action and which had seemed in pristine condition even before John had given it a good scrubbing seems like an almost meditative act. When John disappears into the loo, Sherlock picks up the sword and admires the details.
It's been three weeks since the hostage drama. It's the first call shift for both of them after it.
"We used propofol and ketamine for the anaesthesia induction; in your case, the dose needed of propofol might be elevated thanks to your history, but the heavy dose of ketamine which we started with should ensure that you weren't awake when we intubated. Soon after, we swapped to sevoflurane, to which past opioid or even benzodiazepine use has little effect in terms of required doses. We used bispectral index monitoring during the operation to gauge a suitable depth of anaesthesia, but it often lags behind in demonstrating when the patient has fallen into deep sleep. To the best of my knowledge, as far as I could estimate, you were deep under when we intubated and began the operation. I checked the printouts, and at the time the first incision was made, your BIS level was thirty, which is a level of deep surgical anaesthesia. The effects of the ketamine bolus dose tends to linger a bit and elevate the reading; sometimes that makes us slightly overdose the sevoflurane to be on the safe side. What I mean is that if the level was thirty, your actual level might have been even deeper than that when taking the ketamine into consideration."
For me, it would be better, not knowing. For John and Rosie, I must carry this awareness to protect them. Always,
"You have many things in your life which should make this process easier," Joanna says. "We talked about those yesterday, do you remember?"
At least some of the narrative loose ends are tied together by the report from the officers on the scene, and an excerpt from John's medical records. Though Sherlock hadn't specified, Mycroft must've realised Sherlock's interest culminated in John's role.
I certainly didn't expect John to wrap his arms around me swiftly and fiercely. I didn’t expect being held, standing, John's warm palms on my shoulder blades, my name repeated reverently as if in the act of love.
"At forensic medicine? No, not really, beyond basic training."
"You'll get something better than just a bottle of whisky from this guy, I'll bet," comments Jane, the scrub nurse once she's slipped gloves onto Sherlock's hands, now dry after being washed and disinfected. "They're paying out of pocket, aren't they?"
"Does that mean you've tried? I mean, is this something that's been going on before this weekend?"
"Dull."
The audience bursts into more hilarity but somehow it doesn't feel malignant. It feels as though they're laughing in the same way as John.
is for all the things which have brought him to this place. It's a defiant battle cry against the universe that thinks this is the best it could do for Sherlock.
John slips his black corduroy jacket back on as they’re settling in their seats.
"Are you still angry with him for taking that assignment?"
"What about George and Sherlock's relationship these days? How would you characterise their interactions?"
John is in a good mood — the dark clouds of worry from this morning and the preceding weekend have moved aside. Sherlock has performed outstandingly in the OR today, which should prove to everyone — and, most importantly, to Sherlock himself — that a hiccup with one patient doesn't have mean he's suddenly lost any of his skills.
An intense deluge of relief and longing had hit Sherlock and nearly knocked him off his feet with such revelatory news. He wouldn't have allowed himself to be disappointed that John wasn't coming; it would have been pointless since an airport strike and bad weather and whatever else had wrecked John's original flight schedule could not be fixed, even with Mycroft's connections. Sherlock doesn't quite know what to do with the fact that John is willing to battle an aviation chaos to get to Switzerland. Wouldn't it have been more practical to reschedule his arrival for a later date than to take time off work? Whenever John takes a holiday, his administrative duties stack up, and he ends up spending at least a week doing overtime and being tetchy.
"I think you're right," Collings tells Sherlock while John coughs and spits mucus into an emesis bowl; his throat has been numbed with a lidocaine spray which tastes horrible, plus bacterial culture swabs have just been taken. "The peritonsillar tissues on the right are hard and bulging; the abscess on that side looks ripe for draining. I also suspect the infection has spread across to the left side — or developed on both sides at the same time since the firmer swelling on the left seems to be extending downwards quite a bit and there is significant firmness on that side, as well in the soft palate. I recommend draining the abscesses."
"No decompressive craniotomy, then?"
The physician part of you wants to flee, wants to hide behind the concrete skills and knowledge you can offer and dismiss the rest as esoteric things belonging in the realm of psychiatry and psychology. It's not your area, not your division, and Sherlock is not your patient.
Sherlock's attempt sounds like he's trying to spit out a bee that has accidentally flown into his mouth.
Sherlock slides his hand down his groin, gathers his balls with his forefinger and middle finger pressing just a bit behind them on the perineum.
John couldn't agree more. He's never been quite able to decide on a firm opinion about assisted suicide or euthanasia, but one thing he has no trouble with is withdrawing unnecessary, suffering-prolonging intensive care in a hopeless situation. He regularly participates in such discussion at A&E and in theatre regarding emergency patients, and if he could pick a sensible surgeon to make those calls with him, Sherlock would be his first choice.
. Had this Victor Trevor been extricated from a mission gone bad, or was the information he carried simply so delicate and urgent that a place in such a transport had been secured?
. "Temporary threshold shift, most like," John assures him, taking care to speak a bit more loudly than usual. "It happens. Most likely no permanent damage since it was a pistol, not something bigger."
"Thrift shop's closed now, since it's only open in the mornings, but Anne who runs in does the afternoon tea at the community centre; I'm sure she'll lend us the keys if we stop by there."
Angus calls out a "hellooo" from the door, then lets himself in and finds Sherlock in the kitchen.
"Of course not!" he snaps. "It's just that… for me, it's always going to be more work, more of a challenge than for most people. I'll always have a longer way to go to achieve anything. And I'll always have to compare myself to other people in that regard."
"Good. That should get us through the CT." John gives a bolus of each, save for the propofol — they can't afford the BP drop it would cause. "What did she have before arrival?"
"Good, that's… good." Sherlock still looks concerned. "I don't want you to get it."
Nobody ever stays, and Victor is dead, now, anyway.
"You said there was a wedding," Sherlock says without thinking, then grimaces.
He hooks his leg around John's and presses against the man's sleeping form, seeking shelter from his thoughts.
While Mike disappears to call their unit head, Sherlock's eyes lock onto you the moment you return to the room.
two pieces in the
Mycroft glances around the room to survey the bustle of MI6 staff wearing disposable gloves going through Sherlock's belongings. Unlike Metropolitan police staff, they are at least being careful to put items back precisely the way they were to cast off suspicion. "You may think of this as a formality. I know he always came here instead of inviting you to his home."
It's spring in 2036. John and Sherlock are no longer together. Sherlock attempts to cope — or doesn't.
"Will you come get me when he starts waking up?" you ask, worried that you'll miss the moment, worried Sherlock will have to come to without a familiar face greeting him.
"We're tissue type compatible. We'll get you enrolled in a stem cell transplant program."
Doctor Pichler had been helpful during one of their earlier sessions in helping Sherlock understand sarcasm and how it differs from irony — enough for him to know the meaning of John's comment.
"We'll leave that to fate to decide."
"It'll be––" Sherlock tries, his breathing now complete off and cutting the sentence in half, "––fine once I'm
. The plate of potatoes and salmon with a simple butter-and-dill sauce John had warmed up for him has cleared his thinking, made him less impulsive. Seeing the man's microwave felt like watching science fiction after the medieval shack in which Sherlock is sequestered. He doesn't want to go back there, but he’s stayed at worse places. Granted, the ability to sever the connection between his bleak surroundings and the interior of his mind was only ever a syringe away during those instances. No such luck this time.
"I'm taller than you," Sherlock points out and drops to a chair by the brick wall before taking another bite. "I can easily reach that."
, John decides eventually, and gets out of the car, locking it and striding to the bench.
"Pulled his arterial line. Doctor Mansfield will do a new one once he's calm," Andrew explains. "BPs been stable, but we still need regular bloods and there could still be some hiccups."
"If you next comment involves Joanna Pichler, you can spare your breath," Sherlock cuts in. "She can't change things in any meaningful way, because she'd have to turn back time nearly forty years and do some genetic engineering to make a difference," he says venomously. "I've allowed optimism to get the better of me too many times, sidestepped it when I've been told I can't be allowed to continue."
He doesn't answer.
"I'm afraid I cannot go into those details."
"You're not," Sherlock had argued feebly, "but this is… I should be the one going. This is MI6 work; hardly something you have the skills for."
feel bloody self-centred and a failure that you were going through all this while I was sitting at home with a sore throat and you felt like you had no right to tell me stuff."
"Could always leave a tenner on top. That'll buy them lots more."
Sherlock hums a confirmation.
"No, thank you." Sherlock drapes the woollen throw on his lap. It doesn't help much.
"You would be correct. Did you complete this training assignment?"
John chuckles when he realises what she'd meant: the violin! She hadn't just wanted to hear his skills in playing it — she'd used it go gauge his state of mind without needing to press him to produce a verbal description. Not for the first time, John marvels at the working relationship the Austrian alienist has managed to strike with a man as suspicious of mental health professionals as Sherlock. He seems to value her expertise and her intelligence without feeling a need for one-upmanship.
“He’s in pharma.”
"He wants you there, Sherlock. He hasn't shared those things so much with you before, but now he has made a significant effort to do so."
As John follows Violet into the kitchen where a handsome spread of food awaits, he decides to offer her mother-in-law some more details. "Thankfully, the patient Sherlock had to stay behind to assess turned out not to need emergency surgery."
"I had already begun taking just a half of the mirtazapine. Felt no need to open that packet. As for the other ones, I find that your presence has quite the same effect."
is a generous description. You make it sound as though it's in any condition for human habitation. I assure you that it's not."
You want to kick yourself for underestimating Sherlock. When you're ill, you want to lose a bit of the burden of being a doctor, want things explained to you in a way that you are certain to understand. You're a surgeon, not a jack of all medical trades; you don't understand more about ophthalmology or nephrology than a recent medical graduate. Sometimes you feel like Sherlock just might have you beat when it comes to knowledge about the human body, especially when it comes to ways in which it can be harmed, its life snuffed out. You suspect that he's doesn't often consider a heart problem as a potential cause of death — a valve just giving away. Natural causes, disease and old age don't interest him. Violent, unnatural things do, things that shock and leave a mark in the fabric of society. Not quiet, private tragedies such as natural illness.
Sherlock is now skim-reading the ambulance report, but he looks up when the monitors began wailing even worse. There is now marked bradycardia instead of extrasystole and tach.
John adjusts the belt a bit. "I thought I might even go so far as to serve you dessert in it." He's grinning.
He draws a deep breath and presses the handle. "John? May I––– um––"
He gets one of Sherlock's death glares and another yawn. "I might need the melatonin tonight, even if I feel tired enough to sleep now. Blasted time difference means I could wake up after an hour. Ground floor of the mall, you said?"
Why does he always have to be like this — pretend that the normal rules and limitations of the human body and mind don't apply to him? You want to shake him, but you know it wouldn't help. He remains the most stubborn man in England whose intellect and consequent ability to over-rationalise things is oftentimes his own worst enemy.
to get help."
There is an entire universe to unpack in that statement but, assisted by the liquor, Sherlock decides not to care. He doesn't want to disturb the peace, doesn't want to risk ruining John's good mood. Any conflict at all would just make him pull back into his shell. It's strange how John would accuse him of keeping up a front when it's John who guards himself so carefully.
I don't remember all of those two months. I don't remember all of it. I didn't share needles. I never share needles. Admittedly, it
By the time John is on his knees on the grass by the canine, Natch's thrashing has stopped and the dog is lying motionless but panting, eyes open. He attempts to stand up but cannot get his legs to function.
I was about to storm in there myself. What the hell took them so long?" He's not even sure he's talking about what happened in the OR or after. He's babbling, out of his mind with relief.
The man stood well over six foot, and his height was made even that more intimidating by the long Belstaff coat and the cigarette hanging loosely from his scowling mouth.
Sherlock grunted his thanks and slid it open, eyes squinting against the sudden bright light.
The guy may be an ass, after all, and it was more than a little irritating that they were in the same class despite the 5-year age gap, but
He heard slamming doors, loud footsteps, and muffled voices, before suddenly the back doors were flung open and a bright light blinded him even through the cloth covering his eyes.
Immediately dropping his book at the sight of glistening cheeks, John rushed over, "Hey, Rose, what's wrong? What happened? Are you alright?"
He wasn't sure what Mycroft had been expecting when called to an acquaintance-at-best's flat late on a Friday night, but Lestrade was convinced that he had expected the door to open and a fist to firmly plant itself on his nose.
"Won't you get in trouble for that?"
"I know, it's... a bit random, but... well... I never grew of the 'cops and robbers' stage from when I was a kid" He laughed, and John felt his heart melt at the sight of crinkled eyes and a genuine grin.
The dark-eyed woman folded her arms across her chest, squaring up to him, "Fine. Then how about we make a deal?"
abruptly coming to a halt when he realised it was only the postman.
John swore and paused for a minute, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
That alone hadn't even caused him to blink, people were always dramatic and over-emotional, and he had merely taken another long drag of his cigarette, before blowing out the smoke in a perfect ring-like shape.
"But-"
His brother glared, then folded his arms across his chest, "You'd rather be with Graham. So go!"
"Stop! We can't giggle, it's a crime scene. Stop it!"
She trailed off, seeing the realisation dawning in his eyes.
He was 15-years-and-four-days-old when he saw Mycroft cry for the first, and only, time.
The police force all reeled back in shock from the sudden change in temperament.
Sherlock, however, simply grinned wider and spun on his heal to leave, "It's about time that you two get together. Don't disappoint me. See you on Monday!"
How was
Next to him, the man gave him a sharp jab, "Go on. In".
She always hated this part.
"... Her boyfriend?"
He ignored Mrs. No-Longer-Lestrade storming past him on the way out, only realising his mistake as her ex husband turned to watch her leave.
resulted in the 'freak' taunts increasing by tenfold, he decided that, perhaps, there was more to this 'sociopath' thing that just a simple definition.
He scoffed, "Nothing happens to me".
everywhere he walked, while Donavon looked confused and Lestrade bit back grins.
. There was probably something about plausible deniability in there somewhere, but he didn't much care for the law. Obviously.
He did his homework.
The blue-eyed man frowned as he heard the unmistakable sound of
"... Gregory, then".
Molly couldn't help but laugh at his furious expression, and her laughter only increased when his glare turned to a pout at her ridicule.
Maybe he could lure her further down the street, away from prying eyes.
Coming back out into the white college hall, however, she paused, and turned to him one last time, "Hey, um, I was just wondering... who, exactly, are you?"
He was suddenly yanked back as his schoolbag was grabbed from behind, and before he could blink there was a hand gripping the collar of his shirt and he was suspended an entire foot off the ground.
, John! Weren't you
"Serious about it?" She guessed, "I
Sherlock shifted from one foot to the other, "What?"
The detective rolled his eyes, "Of what? Clearly the murderer left immediately after killing the man!"
"Blunt force trauma to the back of the skull" He replied, "But he wasn't killed here".
"Ignoramus" He shot back, before turning once more back to Rosie, "See? Told you".
"... What has happened?"
Sherlock blinked and glanced down at the dozen or so containers he'd automatically pulled out of the backpack, "Oh... well... it's dinner, obviously".
Turning on the kettle, the doctor smirked, pulling the garden-centre receipt from his pocket and binning it.
"That he's a-" He purposefully cut himself off, and relished in the way Anderson leant even closer as a result, "He's a...?"
"Past tense, Sherlock? I think that you'll find yourself mistaken".
"Just... Just wait there, for a minute, yea?" Lestrade finished, before quickly turning and all-but jogging back to the bedroom.
"We've barely ever spoken to each other. He's not going to believe me".
drug dealer. Word has it that he's making a sale in that warehouse as we speak, and Lestrade wanted me to check it out to make sure".
Uncovering the wife's not-so-legal doings, had helped even more.
Or maybe she does.
" Sherlock whined, rubbing his jaw, and John sighed loudly, "I told you to go last week, Sherlock, so you have no one to blame here but yourself!"
"He had a red hair, on his shoulder. Considering that he's blond, pure blond, in highly unlikely that either of his parents are ginger, since it's an incomplete dominant gene and blond is recessive. He also had perfume on his clothes, not Rosie's, but too modern to be his mother's. Given his fake smile and
is going to be lying next to you!"
Or, well, his
"Mycroft, if you saw John prancing about in his boxers, and only
He had planned on making a silent and quick exit, honestly, he had... until he saw the man asleep on the sitting room couch.
Anderson had staggered back a good three feet before collapsing to the ground, vision blurry and head reeling under the force of the blow.
He sighed, and turned his petulant brother, "Sherlock... This really doesn't have to change anything. Gregory and I are two consenting adults who
At the time, she'd been incredulous, and with good reason too.
"Sherlock..." He began cautiously, "What have you been doing?"
The next day, and John wasn't all that sure that the exchange had ever even happened.
It took only three hours for John to notice, as the detective had made planned for them to go to dinner that same night, and given that there were no active cases on at the moment, he'd had no reason to miss it.
"Well there's no other way I can teach you" She replied, grinning, and his breath hitched even as he leant closer, "Isn't there?"
"Stop mocking me!" He complained, and from below them, Anderson rolled his eyes, "Then stop talking! You're making it difficult for me to work!"
He could see the 'vampire' in the younger Holmes.
Molly reeled back from the sheer intensity of his gaze and floundered for words.
Eventually, he dragged himself out of bed, and went through the morning routine he'd developed since Afghanistan. It was bare, it was bleak, it was boring.
Anderson's eyes narrowed suspiciously, "Why weren't you asleep?"
of Sherlock?"
The blonde huffed and folded his arms across his chest, "Well you can just go and catch it yourself with that attitude".
He smirked against his mouth, blue eyes crinkling at the edges and Lestrade could have died happily right there and then.
Another kick, this time landing painfully on his shin.
"I'm not capable of love".
With trembling hands, he fishes out his own phone from his suit pocket.
Silence.
She abruptly stood up, unable to take any more of his ridicule, "I shouldn't have asked you to come here. This was a mistake".
"And what if I was?" He snarled, purposefully taking another drag to prove a point, "We all have our own vices".
And speaking of detectives...
"See you then".
She stared at him in horror, "...
He got the message loud and clear, and reluctantly returned to moodily poking and prodding at his dinner.
know?"
"I'm not... I'm not doubting myself-"
"Is that... Is that why Greg did the drugs bust, then? Did he think... well... that you were-?"
"I still don't understand what we're doing here" the pathologist admitted, struggling to keep up the quick-pace the detective set, taking the stairs two at a time.
Lestrade frowned, taking a step forwards, "Sherlock?"
He groaned, ignoring the man's request as his eyes fell closed once more.
The younger man had huffed and rolled his eyes, "And Lestrade and I have a bet going. I'm pretending to be a vampire. He doesn't think Anderson will crack but I, on the hand..."
He shrugged, ducking his head as he pulled out various cartons from within the bag, "We're going to be here for a while... Do
"You're the one who wanted to talk, not me, so you should-"
The bow screeched across the strings.
that, you brat! So go do something about it!"
John couldn't help but smirk three days later as Sherlock finally returned from his stake out with the homeless community, passed out facedown on the couch, clothes torn and filthy and someone else's blood speckling his uncombed hair.
"Just... Just promise me something, Sherlock. Can you do that?"
John glared at him, "I'm her
thinks he can just walk all over me-"
"Well I don't see any reason not to be" He admitted, "He stayed over last night, and then this morning I found him making pancakes, and being perfectly honest I think he's kind of cute, so why wouldn't I be happy?"
"Yes" He replied faintly, watching as his sister suddenly got to her feet as another boy marched over, and the band of children around them separated into a wide circle.
The man in question actually jumped slightly, and sharply looked up at him.
Ducking down, Sherlock paused momentarily, taking in her wide eyes and tear-stained face, and felt something odd grip at his heart. Ignoring the feeling, he let his other hand come up to rest at the base of her neck, and finally closed the distance between them.
Later, as they both sat in front of the fire, Sherlock proclaiming his boredom every few minutes while John tried to read the newspaper, he decided to bring it up.
Sherlock glared, "Shut up!"
... I understand now".
She turned to Lestrade, "... Did she just call him Papa?"
He looked around the kitchen and began to quietly pull out the necessary ingredients.
" He yelled, tossing him the glass.
"No... it's got an attach'ent, though".
"You don't know where he lives".
He gave a soft smile, "She's very pretty".
stop fussing!" He shot back, and the younger man squinted up at him dazedly, "
you if he found out, and who's... who's..."
"Drinks, then" Greg said, "Tonight? Shall we say around 7-ish?"
mean that I will kill some innocent woman for you!"
Lestrade blinked, not quite sure what he was being accused of.
There, sitting innocently on the middle shelf, was a full two-litre carton of milk.
"I'm... shopping" Sherlock said, "Down at the market. Now that
The detective stared back.
"I don't know how to explain it" He repeated, "Because- Because I've never
of you
you are? It's only 9 o'clock, what on earth could have happened?"
"I'll help you dig, if you help me bury".
"Do you love him?"
Half an hour later, and John had to reluctantly admit that he was glad the man had found him. They were making a good headway with the grave, and for all his leanness, the stranger was strong, and for every one shovel of earth John dug up, the taller dug two.
"I... I didn't know" He said quietly, "That you were..."
He glanced down at her, an unreadable expression in his eyes, "... The names Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes"
"Because I want you to know that- that- that I..." He slowly trailed off, unsure how to finish, "I... I wanted to show you that I
Clearing his throat once more, he put down the frying pan, and took another step closer, "Sherlock, I... There's a perfectly good explanation for this".
He stared.
"A study in pink" He repeated, "Yes... It's similar,
tell? The last segment of her pedipalps is smaller, first of all, yet she is distinctly larger than her male counterpart. After that, there's the case of-"
"Have a seat".
His smile widened as he bookmarked the page in his medical journal, stepping out from behind the counter and leading the way down the back of the store.
"I'm going to take that as a complement" He shot back, blinking rapidly to adjust his eyes to the new light, "And, believe me, I would get up only..."
Spinning on the spot, coat billowing out behind him, John only just about managed to lunge at the man and grab his arm mere seconds before he marched away.
"Oy! Sherlock!"
"Am I... Am I a freak?"
Everyone stared at John.
"What would I do without you?"
John frowned and glanced down at his watch.
He glanced over at him.
similar in fact... The same situation, the same unhappily married life, the same adultery..."
"And she swore me to secrecy the second I deduced it".
And finally,
"... You have a folder on me".
sake!"
It was exactly 7 months 2 weeks and 4 days after John joined the bet, that they finally made Anderson crack.
The Inspector stared at him, "... Well?"
"It's okay, Sherlock, it's not exactly an easy thing to do".
"... Alright. I'm in. What's the wager?"
The younger man didn't even glance at him, instead stalking towards Lestrade much like a cat would stalk its prey, and it irritated the man to no end knowing that the genius could evoke such a primal fear in him as this.
Sherlock frowned, and his brother took a deep breath, "Sorry, sorry, I- Sorry".
Standing up, he quickly rang for an ambulance, stepping back to allow the man's brother to take his place, while Lestrade stood at the door, keeping guard.
"No" He interrupted, "No, just... just give me a minute".
And Greg had smirked in thanks just to see the man blush again, before reluctantly leaving.
John sharply turned to him, "
"Yes?"
Then suddenly, the older man was looking past him at someone else who had just come in, and quickly stood up and waved a hand, "Sherlock! Come here a minute!"
need that book for class.
So, here he was, sitting in the bathroom of the large and
Even he had to admit that was somewhat impressive.
"Your wife. She has an apartment. In East London" He repeated blandly, "Were you aware?"
"Sorry, what?"
... An animal, perhaps?
"Viva le vida" He agreed, slowly but surely moving to stand in front of John, his hands raised in an act of surrender, "But Moriarty always did love having an audience".
Mycroft smiled and remained silent, letting his brother suffer from the lack of answers.
, but did as told, sliding the mobile under her knee as she curled up in the armchair.
An offhand remark by Donovan as they pushed past had caused Sherlock to respond in the usual fashion, managing to insult both her
He barely spared them a nod in his journey to the kitchen, "Ah, Lestrade, I've only been back a few days, and you're already out of your dept? Though, that's no surprise really, considering-"
He took in the ill-fitting suit, clearly something he'd got last minute just to be allowed into the wedding, and noticed how much thinner he had gotten.
And it most certainly had nothing to do with his not-so-small crush on the handsome officer.
Lestrade glowered at him, arms crossed, "You couldn't have
knew something was wrong.
Next to him, automatically reaching out for his brother's hand for comfort, Sherlock nodded, "What
"Hey, you alright?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him, "Oh my
He nervously kicked the dirt beneath his feet, "I'm, uh, I'm Greg".
He held out the cup in front of him, "Then shut up, and drink this!"
observe... There are very few people who do that".
. Kill the spider!"
"... One moment, please".
"A'right!" He replied, grinning, "I'm Victor. Victor Trevor".
you, or whatever. It's just... well... I'm 13 years old, and I still find chess really complicated. You must be really smart".
"6 it is then" He decided, standing up, "I'll... I'll see you then".
"I'm not".
Lestrade was never quite sure how, exactly, they kissed.
"Yes, and they also call you William and me Alexander. What sort of dull names are those?" He replied, "No. She shall take her middle name just as we have done".
Huffing, John turned around and found the mobile half-buried under books on the coffee table, picking it up and handing it to the genius.
"I... I'm sorry, I- I didn't mean to- to"
than just his bit on the side?"
It was another 20 minutes later before the vehicle finally came to a stop, and John swore viciously as he hit his head off the metal door in the process.
Rachel :)
"Half twelve it is then" Lestrade finished, "I'll pick you up here".
He slowly reached forwards and took the cherry stem from her hands, "... Did you do this?"
He was 29-years-and-3-weeks-old when he saw John angry,
"What?"
"Well there you go. That's the only remaining solution".
And also, more surprisingly, a body in his arms.
Lestrade shook his head, wondering for the umpteenth time in his life
He felt his heart race pick up.
"Is that... Is that a
Not entirely sure if it's what you expected, but I hope you enjoy nonetheless!
Cautiously walking further into the bathroom, chosen specifically for it's small size and inconvenient placement on the college campus, she bent down and looked underneath the stall doors.
"SHERLOCK".
"Well as you said, it was about time I did something".
The only time he felt alive now was when he killed someone.
"Who are you?!" He demanded as they began to pull him through an old building, an empty warehouse most likely, based on the smell of damp metal and rust.
"No I'm not".
"Oh yes" He replied, eyes reopening as he turned to face her, "I find myself rather in need of that input right now".
"No way".
"No 'm not, go away".
So now, John was lying in bed in his miserable one-room bedsit, and wondering if the dirt beneath his fingernails was actually real or not.
and this time John actually does realise that he's left his walking stick behind but it doesn't matter of course it doesn't matter because
, I hate them. What about you? Just staying in town till you get yourself sorted?"
John glanced up at them, and idly patted the furry creature resting on his shoulder, "Yes. He is. Can I help you?"
"I got shot because of my job" He replied, smiling softly, "I'm a police officer, Mr. Holmes. Getting shot is kind of an occupational hazard".
of this
John choked on his tea.
"You... You... She
"I've got black hair! She got my hair!"
It was a fly trap.
John went to speak once more, but was interrupted by a flurry of movement from the door, and both men quickly looked up as Sherlock waltzed in, hair still wet and only his pyjamas on.
"I do".
Those little clicks that the phone's keyboard made were really beginning to irritate him.
"How long? What do mean by-"
"Well, what are you looking for?"
"Your words, not mine".
He liked it.
The boy stared at him, grin wiped straight off his face.
And wearing nothing but a tight pair of boxers.
"... How is he, by the way? John?" Lestrade asked, "Where was that doctor thing on again?"
"I know I could".
"And then he kissed me".
He was immediately defensive.
"... What do you know about the guy running it?"
You've been together
John frowned, turning around on the spot and eventually spying a small crack of light coming from the floor in front of him. Silently creeping forwards, he fell to his knees awkwardly, shoulders protesting from the movement as his hands remained tied behind his back and tried to peer underneath the door.
"... Sherlock-"
hours later as they sat in the police station getting debriefed, that Anderson came in and reluctantly announced that Lestrade sent him to ask what they wanted to eat.
"I'm sorry, sir, but Mr. Holmes is currently occupied-"
"... My uniform?"
A Venus fly trap.
"Wasn't me".
"He knows".
"Know what?"
"I'm sorry I didn't listen to you".
"Of course you can. What is it?"
She nodded, turning back towards the door, blushing as he held it open for her.
is holding onto him just as tightly
apologised.
"And what about Sherlock?"
, and replied with a quiet "since you got hurt because of me" that just tugged at John's heartstrings even as the genius continued to tuck the quilt in around him.
"Go get paramedics" Lestrade ordered, finally managing to snap open the handcuffs, "We'll meet them upstairs".
"You may be a genius, but you sure as hell ain't modest" He shot back, "This is your first time at the playground, then?"
It was just he hadn't slept good last night, didn't hear his alarm, was late for work, and then came home to find Sherlock still lying on the couch where he'd left him, having ignored his request to do some grocery shopping and... well... let's just say that there had been a few choice words thrown about.
as an
always worry".
to the left should do it.
chat about what you intend to say".
He glanced over at the door longingly before turning to the kitchen, sighing as he put back down his umbrella, pulling out his phone.
He glanced up at him, "... Greg?"
"SHERLOCK!"
"Don't be an ass, Mycroft, how long have you two been together?" He snapped, abruptly standing up and beginning to pace the room.
The younger Holmes smirked, "I'm home-schooled".
John sat up and folded his arms across his chest.
, Gavin, that's why he runs a bookstore".
"In the... back?"
Sherlock was already rather fond of the fly trap, and he could easily see it becoming his new pet project, something to keep him far away from boredom and out of that depressive moody slump he'd been in recently.
you, I just-"
"Impossible" He replied, as sure as ever, "I put the bullet through his brain myself".
"So you actually
And wasn't that just ironic?
A flesh wound, the doctor had called it.
"... I've just made a rather startling deduction".
"He, John! Isambard!"
That had only made him even more confused.
, frown marred her cool nonchalance.
She started, eyes snapping up to the man's in the mirror, "Stop what?"
" He whispered, leaning into the cool touch, watching with sickening pity how the man seemed surprised by the action, "Just... Let your emotions control you, alright? Just this once?"
The genius quickly shut his mouth and hovered awkwardly as Lestrade hauled the blushing bride to her feet and the rest of the audience broke out in loud whispers.
Next to him, Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes, "Oh please, John, she wants us to meet her boyfriend, it obvious. How does tomorrow night sound? He could stay for dinner?"
He had done his fair share of botany over the years and knew quite a number of facts about this particular species.
Then, just as suddenly, the torch was gone as the basement's dim lamp was switched on, and he was staring up into the worried face of Greg Lestrade.
"Who's the girl?"
"Your name" He replied tightly, "What is it?"
"M'hone" He mumbled, "I 'eard m'hone... where is it?"
Leaning over the toilet, she grimaced, her hand already coming up to her mouth.
Standing up, he carried the small creature to Sherlock's room, carefully placing him on the bed inside, winking at the detective that stood by the window, before returning to the sitting room, secretly smirking when he caught Anderson staring at the blood vials on the kitchen worktop in horror.
I literally have no requests!
"... John?"
Fucking
"Perhaps this isn't the place to explain myself" He interrupted quietly, and John was suddenly aware of everyone staring at him.
And yet again there came the high-pitched cry from behind him.
Now he
"And?"
The postman with a rather later parcel in his hands.
Rachel :)
Rachel :)
he could work with.
Sherlock grinned, slow and assured, warm breath ghosting over her face, "I think... that's the best idea you've had all evening".
"About time you caught on,
that just-"
A twig snapped behind him.
"Okay..." He replied slowly, "But what has that got to do with-"
He knew why
He blinked, "... Excuse me?"
He would never be the cause for his brother's tears again.
intentional... The wife gone away for the weekend, I presume? And you had just that little bit too much to drink, so you literally
"Of course I'm angry!" She snarled, uncaring of the odd looks from nearby customers, "You can't honestly believe that there's nothing we need to discuss!
Right.
Lestrade melted into the embrace as Mycroft finally leant forwards and sealed his lips with his own. His found his own arms coming up to wrap around the man's neck while the hand on his waist tightened enough to
"I'm a genius" He said simply, "It runs in the family".
pretty enough. She
She let out a broken laugh that ended up as a sob, and grabbed it from him, "Thanks. No, really,
He was fine, he was better, he was back at work with the hospital's approval, but Sherlock's flittering and hovering remained, awkward and sweet as he ensured John didn't even have to reach for the TV remote.
And then mummy made the error of introducing them to other children.
Sherlock frowned, "Oh, yes, I forgot, you're all idiots".
John put a hand on his arm to calm him, "He's not worth it. Now come on, do you want to solve this murder or not?"
He frowned, and turned, only to see a heavy man ambling towards him.
This isn't about-"
He tightened his hold on her arm and forcefully turned her around to face the bathroom mirror, "Can you honestly say that to yourself and believe it?"
John crouched down next to the body, ignoring Anderson's annoyed grumbling next to him and instead focusing on the blood clotting the man's hair.
Sherlock continued playing his violin, "She did".
"The doctor's said you should be kept warmer than usual for another few days" He replied, "It's cold in here".
"Well... this is most definitely
"You kissed him back".
"Stop that".
on me?" He mocked, "Watson is nothing but a side piece! Something for you to flaunt, to show off, to
He glanced down only to find shy eyes avoiding his gaze.
"Oh, I'm sorry, but doesn't everyone?!"
She smirked at the absolute lack of hesitation but he refused to let himself flush under her knowing gaze.
Sherlock, holding his wrist protectively to his chest but using his other arm to hold the hand of a red-haired boy, also smirked, "Meet Victor".
She shrugged sheepishly, "I can tie a knot into a cherrystick with my tongue".
"Yes!" He snapped, dragging the younger to his feet, "You came home Tuesday night, and then Mummy got a call from the school on Wednesday asking where you were. When she couldn't find you, she called me. When neither of us knew where you were, she called the police-"
"Yes. Immediately?"
"Mhm" He hummed, "You know, somehow, I don't believe you".
The Inspector sighed and straightened up, turning to face the detective, "Just tell me what you know, Sherlock, I'm not able to deal with-"
do you want from me?!"
Sherlock bristled but ignored the insult, and continued to walk away from the classroom, blocking out the heavy steps of the four boys following him.
to ask him!"
"An explanation of why it didn't work… or why it might?" Sherlock asks, a fear that he's said the wrong thing gripping his windpipe like a vice. He has nothing to lose, and
, should understand that nobody can build the equivalent of the human brain."
"No need. It's not a problem, John. It should prove useful to be able to survey his mood when he wakes up without prompting."
"We haven't had sex in twenty-five days. That is much longer than your longest-to-date period of waiting before suggesting it verbally. You seem to have some need to measure our relationship by the frequency of such baser things."
"She should have been there, when he we had to… Sometimes I wish… Even if it goes against what GMC says and the Hippocratic Oath and all say about such things, I wish that if a terminal patient ever asked for that, then we could grant it. It probably shouldn't be a doctor who did it or who gave the final permission, but maybe there could be… something. Sometimes we have more sense about how to deal with the suffering and inevitable end of a pet's life then we do about people."
"It's not your fault," you say weakly. "You were probably just born with a weak spot in the valve structure."
In Icelandic, church is "kirkja". In Norwegian, it's "kirke" and in Swedish, "kyrka". Don't ask the Finns; the closest they ever got to the Vikings was being pillaged by them. (They do say "kirkko" but altogether their language has nothing to do with the rest of the Nordic ones. Poor proto-Finns were probably headed elsewhere but took a wrong turn somewhere and ended up where nobody understands a word they say.)
series
"Hanoverians. That's…?"
Violet Holmes tuts in his head.
, Sherlock had wanted to say, wanted to make those words bite and sting like the fresh, smarting half-moons Rob's nails had left in his skin.
"What people say. You were on your phone. Something you read annoyed you, and you tend to browse the news when needing to kill some time."
that, Sherlock. You don't get to put me down for wanting to be married to you. I love you, and that's not a fucking character flaw. You insult both of us when you say that."
Oxygen saturation: normal on thirty percent oxygen. Normal at this stage? Blood pressure from the arterial line: fluctuating but holding steady at around his baseline. Perfect. Pulmonary arterial pressure: who the fuck cares because you have no idea what the numbers mean. Surely the normal systemic BP is a sign that he's relatively stable? Why isn't he covered with a blanket, why haven't they kept him warm, why haven't they warmed him up properly after they stopped administering the cardioplegia?
Sherlock shrugs. "It's a free country."
I force myself to move slower than my instincts are screaming out for me as I replace the toothbrush with an antique quill pen.
"Violet called yesterday, said she chased two reporters out of the driveway with a broom," John says, the optimist part of him hoping to bring forth a smile. He's not surprised when no such things manifests.
Sherlock climbs out of bed and goes to the sitting room to sit at his laptop so he can read through everything he can find on post-operative pain management for adult tonsillectomies.
"We need that CT," Sherlock says and tears off his gloves.
to eat. What makes matters worse is that it exacerbates his heartburn instead of lessening it, which is illogical.
"I'm sure Edgar could point us to some sensible and convenient meal services and such."
____________
"No need to apologise. He's home with you? He didn't sustain any injuries?"
"Through conversations with you and your mother, it has become apparent to me that, during your childhood, your emotional needs were frequently neglected. You were told that they were signals that you were attention-seeking, and much blame was placed for you for emotional distress your parents experienced that was not your fault. Years in such an environment can blind a person to when they are being mistreated. We have worked hard together to help you set boundaries, to redefine how others are allowed to treat you. Denying one's needs because they are assumed to be unimportant is not very good self-care, and I think it's important for us to examine why you would willingly project such an ethos onto your interactions with John."
Sherlock now regrets deeply making that joke about fellatio in some back corridor at Sandhurst.
," John forces out from behind clenched teeth, fingers curling into a fist. "Don't you
, John."
, John thinks.
"How is he?" John asks when his brother-in-law answers the call. "Also, hello," he then adds hastily to appease the man's penchant for politeness.
He has left something of himself with John, and he's not certain he can get it back.
Sherlock is quite stunned. He hadn't paid much attention to that part of the GMC decision statement but recalls that it had said something along the lines of '
John hears the wardrobe door open in the bedroom, then close. His heartrate picks up.
"No, it
This is the story of how John Watson ultimately gets seduced. Not with kisses or sweet talk but through the presenting of cold, hard facts.
John shudders. It's a hopeless, devastating situation that Sherlock has described with his signature clinical detachment.
, usually the terror of all registrars and interns.
patient — it's his husband.
"Contrary to hallway gossip, Philip's only had a couple cases go to court in his entire career."
"It's still family," George says pleasantly, before turning to his wife. "Letter from you from Royal Sussex, dear. Must be a copy of your GP letter, I suppose?"
Over tea in the library of his Chelsea apartment, you and the older Holmes agree that physically, Sherlock is doing tremendously better. What worries the both of you is that there are still no cases. That, and the fact that he still seems to find it terribly stressful to try to discuss what has happened to him. You have repeatedly suggested watching surgery videos, reading descriptions of what transpired during the operation so that the air of mystery and the conjecture his prone-to-histrionics brain must be cooking up could be exorcised. He worms out of these suggestions not quite by declining outright but by insisting he's busy, or by disappearing outside for a run.
"I was taken around the hospital to
He answers my unspoken question. "Every night, after you came back and I'd moved in with Mary, I thought of you. Last thing in my head every night, you. I couldn’t shake the thought of you here, alone, that I'd caused it. I knew but didn't want to admit it wasn't alright, that it wasn't just the normal thing of two flatmates separating when the other one meets someone. I didn't want to admit that you weren't alright and by extension, I wasn't, because I can't extricate myself from you no matter how hard I try. And I don't want to, not anymore. Never really wanted to. Opera house napkins, Sherlock, for fuck's sake. I just didn't think I could derail that train anymore, that my choices were too permanent. I didn't think the universe would ever give us a chance. I didn’t feel like being alone because I want to be with you. And you shouldn’t be alone, especially not with this.”
Mycroft had always referred to him as just Victor, not
John knows what that matter is: Sherlock had relapsed into addiction. He had hoped it wouldn't come up but, in hindsight, should have realised it was likely. It's not a part of their lives now, so he tends to forget about it.
"In radial side sprains and tears without bone involvement early mobilisation could be feasible, but not with a scapholunate one like this, especially considering your violin playing."
He realises his heart rate must be so elevated because he's realising he had only narrowly escaped making the grave mistake of rejecting the most important antidote to his anxiety: that John Watson will always keep him right.
How is it that he finds it easier to believe what she tells him than it is to believe John or his own treacherous thinking?
His career. John.
"It appears that disliking modern merchant capitalism in healthcare is something we have in common." Holmes goes to the kitchen and peers into a container. "I'd offer you tea for your troubles, but it appears I've run out."
"I won't, either," Sherlock countered and lit a cigarette even though Mycroft had insisted for years that he didn't allow smoking indoors.
Now, Sherlock springs to his feet and starts for the car, and John jogs after him. "Sherlock, wait."
Too late. Her chubby finger stabs the photos. "Gingerbread!"
[00:26] we’ll book another weekend away
His breath stinks to high heaven.
"I'll check when visiting hours start tomorrow."
my life now. I’m proud as hell of that. And I wanted you to come with me because I felt nervous going alone. Bringing you along would have given me new things to think about: showing you around the place, seeing it as a couple, revisiting memories that I’ve purposely ignored after Afghanistan. I kept thinking of us in Bastion; how different and how absolute shite it would have been without you. I was a mess, Sherlock, and you kept me up when I was just a bag of bones, not knowing what to do with myself. You've only seen that part of my life when it went to hell — I wanted you to see more of the nice sides of it. I wanted you to have a nice time, too. You were my distraction."
"Why must you reiterate the obvious? That's what I just said!"
Violet is frozen on the spot by a rose trellis on the side of the house, hand covering her mouth in horror.
“Collings sent a message when he left the OR to say I can go home tomorrow afternoon, assuming I feel a bit better.”
. The press has done some more research and found Sherlock's patents.
The reply comes instantaneously. You can't say much more, not without Sherlock's permission, and keeping Lestrade updated isn't a very high priority now.
Sherlock is still planted firmly onto the bench.
"You've been very helpful," Sherlock says resignedly, uses his palms to push away from the reception counter, and heads for the door.
, you decide. He's not going to talk to you on his own, and you've grown too furiously worried to be afraid of his reactions any longer.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
"It's not really accurate that sharks die if they stop swimming," Sherlock says, then realises he's thinking out loud and that sharks had not been mentioned in conversation.
The humour slips off like water receding from a beach at low tide and seems to make no impact. Silence makes it fade, turns amusing into embarrassing.
John never makes it to Zurich that weekend. A ground personnel strike at Heathrow leads to a deluge of flight cancellations, and due to a storm front in the Alps, the paths of the few remaining ones to Austria and Switzerland are being rerouted. The replacement connection the SwissAir agent finally manages to find for John would get him into Zurich on late Saturday evening, and his flight back is on Sunday at noon. This would leave very little time to spend with Sherlock.
The next day, a Wednesday, John finally puts some decent trousers on and drags himself to the sitting room to watch a movie.
The tip of his tongue is sour with venomous things he wants to say to dispel the embarrassment, to lash back at the universe that seeks to diminish him like this, but words elude him as his chest heaves still to catch his breath.
At first, Sherlock thinks it's the cocaine. Or perhaps Christian had slipped something into the requested glass of water he'd given Sherlock.
"When he was recovering from a relapse of his drug habit, he stayed with me in London after the rehabilitation unit. We agreed that it was for the best to limit how freely he could roam the city and his access to his phone; we did it so that the temptation to seek out things that are harmful would be lessened. He saw that it was a rational approach. Is there a fundamental difference here to that situation?"
"You think it's the oxy?"
what you did," Sherlock accuses. "Why would you even bring up such things? John is not abusive. He's not some… We're not that. We're fine."
Violet buttons up her sand-coloured swing coat. "They are as close as I can get to friends, I suppose."
Sherlock reaches for the bottle of soda on the bedside cabinet. It's a local Azorean brand with an astronomically high caffeine and sugar content.
"Too bright," he complains and sips from the glass barely enough to wet his lips.
, John thinks, and gets the arterial line in on one try.
Helena walks into the room, flashes you a quick smile and then slips into the bathroom. Sherlock had, at first, adamantly declined help with showering, reminding both you and the staff that he's walked two flights of stairs with the physical therapist today without passing out, so a shower is hardly going to be his undoing. However, when it comes to washing his hair, he is forced to accept Helena's assistance. The state of his hair has been torture for him, because his appearance is his asset, his weapon and his protective armour. His shampoo and conditioner have been brought in from home as well as a long list of other supplies, some purposes of which you can only guess at. Most of the space in your shared bathroom at home is taken up by Sherlock's various hair products. You wonder is Helena knows what to do with all of them; Sherlock attempting to style his hair right now carries the same issue as with washing it — the pain and the instability of his sternum won't allow him to do anything with his hands raised high enough.
always the same, at every bloody A&E unless they really get convinced there's something wrong and I'm not just
complaints and litigatory action. But even more importantly, the question of honesty  connects to what sort of a doctor one wants to be: someone who values protecting themselves over what happens to their patients or someone who wants to uphold people's trust in our profession by being trustworthy and honest?
Sherlock has seen people react to the loss of a child. That deluge of emotion is profoundly unsettling, even to a bystander. Having never wanted children, he can't relate to it, and suspects that no one who hasn't experienced it first-hand can quite imagine what it's like. It's raw, violent, primal, unashamed of itself, free of the rules of social expectation. He has also observed how physical the experience is: the mind cannot contain all the pain, so it bleeds into the body.
"What is it, then?"
Five hours later, the tyres of the last car which had filled this corner of Snowdrop Lane with visitors spins a bit in the gravel as the vehicle pulls away. Violet and George are still out front seeing their guests off. Sherlock has disappeared into the house while Mycroft and John are still sitting in the warm evening sunlight of the back garden, treating themselves to leftover morsels from the buffet table. It's a bit warm for hot drinks, so they're having mineral water instead of putting the kettle on.
There's nothing in the flat out of which John could magic breakfast; he'd forgot to buy toast yesterday. He texts Edgar, asking if the PA could do something about how empty the fridge is — he really doesn't want to think about chores right now.
He looks like an unanswered question. An unfinished task. Hag-ridden, like he's always been as a person, somehow. It's just that whatever troubles him these days has swallowed him whole instead of just being something on the surface of which he treads water on the best of days and sinks under on the worst.
Sherlock's gaze has regained a bit of focus, but it'll take some time for the aftereffects of the sedation to wear off. "Every–– bit's sore," he complains, warily surveying his surroundings. "Head's… it… headche."
"We must also look at the incident itself as we assess the potential severity of the aftermath. I read what the papers reported about what happened in the OR; it sounds as though Sherlock not only witnessed the shooting of a staff member, but there was also a threat of similar violence towards him. On top of it all he had to keep himself together to look after his patient. I cannot even imagine the pressure he was under."
It doesn't feel odd at all, not after everything that's happened in the past two weeks, to be resting quietly and so close like this.
It's strange how alone one can feel in the afternoon bustle of Marylebone. In fact, the more distant the desolate northern wilds of Scotland had grown on the train, the more solitary Sherlock had felt. He's always lived alone, but never felt such a loss of human companionship. Possibly because he’s never sampled much of it before.
"You know as well as I do that Sherlock's on thin ground if they start looking at bedside manner. Fairholme’s defence did a good job underlining it, and the Trust higher-ups had a PR panic."
Leah chuckles. "Good to know. It's a relief, if anything, to have a clever patient. Explaining things about intensive care can be challenging."
"And in many cases, that has led to surgical complications."
Sherlock usually ignores warning signals from The Transport but this time, it's his precious brain that's in jeopardy. How will he and John cope?
of it? What on earth has he been doing so far, then, during these sessions, except unleash it all on me?"
[alternate universe based on the book and film "Me Before You", johnlock, disability and autonomy, depression, casefic]
There are two locations from where the four victims — so far — have been picked up. After surveying the fourth crime scene and having to listen to Anderson's unpolished humour and imbecilic insults, Sherlock, Lestrade, and two of his officers split up to canvas the locales. Sherlock picks the one he knows well already.
He doesn't sound keen at all. Usually, facts are what he craves the most to solve mysteries; he approaches even emotional problems like mathematical equations. If he finds the right bits of information and orders them correctly, he thinks he'll have the answer.
"You think the victims of the acts in those files would agree that it's just the equivalent of crochet?"
"I don't hate him. But I just wish he'd listen to himself sometimes."
Sherlock snaps his mouth shut, but it's too late.
' Sherlock had insisted.
"No, I'll walk. I've been wanting to see the place."
"I never wanted it in the first place. John, the idiot, thought I'd find some sort of solace from a computer-generated approximation of him. It's nothing more than a spruced-up version of voicemail."
Mycroft takes a seat opposite. "Thankfully, Hammersmith has joined the twenty-first century and their operating rooms employ a centralised, completely computerised system which collects data from patient monitors and infuser pumps, plus the team can input data by hand on the progress of surgery and anaesthesia."
for this story!
It's different from when your Mum died. It's different from when Grandad died. It's different, because Sherlock chose you and you chose him and no words to that effect even need to be exchanged to confirm what you've both known instinctually.
Once back in the bedroom, he grabs John's wrist and drags him back up into a sitting position. "Open your mouth."
"Yeah, of course. He hasn't used in a few years, no."
Sherlock gives an impassionate, concise explanation of the cases which had led to the MPTS tribunal, elaborating on Zezelj's case more than he does on Mrs Fairholme's. He's not here to talk about the Tribunal; the reason Greg has sent him to Hazeldine is that his boss thinks the senior colleague might be a good person for Sherlock to talk to about the mistake he thinks he's made.
"There is no mention of such a medical matter in your NHS patient records," the GMC rep points out.
He realises the shower is still on; he had only just put the timer on when Sherlock had headed into the bathroom. He'd got a text, disappeared into the bedroom and then announced he needed a shower. He does often take this long since his curls are, quote, '
"The Modern Pantry it is."
"Why?"
'. You're pretty sure Sir Osler never had to try to wrench the truth out of someone like Sherlock Holmes.
"What, pray tell, are my clues, then, for this deduction?"
onwards.
"It'll rain in a few hours."
"But you chose to talk to me about it instead of just marching off after terminating our therapeutic partnership. That's very good. In fact, it's the lesson I should have hoped you'd take away here — that it's always best to talk, even if it's frightening. We often fear a much worse outcome with emotional conversations than what eventually transpires."
' or whatever, like John says." That excludes Sherlock because he is most decidedly not
"Marissa will go through the paperwork with you," Collings nods towards the nurse. "I'll see you in a bit, John."
wonders Sherlock as John's steers them away from the rugged coast towards the interior of Westray.
"I hate the stuff. You know it gives me fifteen minutes of sleep and then wonky nightmares. Weird I could live with; terrifying is not nice."
Sherlock seems to disagree, because he grabs John's hand and brings it down underneath his balls. It might be a sign that he wants to move forward, but isn't ready for his cock to receive any attention yet. John caresses him with patience, dropping down onto his side so that he can use his other hand to shove and then kick off his own pants to release his own cock, now achingly hard as well. He runs a gentle thumb along an engorged vein at the base of Sherlock's erection, pressing down a little. Usually, it's Sherlock studying the texture and feel of things like this, but John wants to memorise these things, too, for the moments when they're not together but he wants this.
His finger halts on the touchscreen when the name Harriet Watson comes up. She's John’s only close living relative, and Sherlock is unsure whether she would expect such news via a phone call or if a text message would be acceptable. He detests speaking on the phone; he finds it hard to read people face-to-face and, without the visual element, picking up on social cues is a losing game for him. Sherlock decides to err on the side of caution, grits his teeth and makes the call.
_______________
Sherlock marches back in but refuses to sit down. God, he hates people telling him how he feels. The anger has suddenly taken up all the space in him that has been a gaping emptiness. It should feel good, but instead it feels volatile and uncontrolled. It's like a rat in a lidded pan, trying to gnaw itself out through metal to escape. At least that's how his guts feel; tight and hot and churning.
"178/98," she replies without even glancing at John; she is typing frantically at a computer terminal, presumably creating a CT referral. "Open cranial fracture. You can assume there's a high ICP."
"I guess not." It's obvious to John from what his partner has described that no surgical intervention could have saved the patient's brain. The damage was too devastating, the delay in treatment too long, the bleeding too profuse. "Not an organ donor candidate, either, with that age and those specs."
"According to Dr Spray here, Dr Manly who wrote that report is retiring in two months. Any investigative process would stretch beyond that. He's not looking to go into private practice so this wouldn't affect his career — only yours," the Medical Director says. "We have to look at the big picture here; if we can avoid involving several doctors in a lengthy investigative process––"
Sherlock hasn't quite considered things from that angle: whether the price paid has been worth the benefits reaped. He's been so focused on the potential loss of a future as a surgeon and the shame he's carrying that he's misplaced the big picture. Would he trade the experiences and memories he has amassed as a physician for anything? Absolutely not. It's a high pain, high gain profession, and highs are as high as the lows are low. But would he settle for something less intense?
The short, sharp laugh from Violet contains no joy. "Sherlock is already seeing you, and we are seeing you together for his sake. That should suffice."
Soon, they slip under the covers. The bedroom is chilly, so they tend to start things off underneath the duvet. Sherlock fits perfectly against John's side, head on his bicep. He slides his palm up John's stomach, his destination a rosy, perked-up nipple.
Still, you make a promise you cannot guarantee. You still do it, because even a lie is warranted if it helps him. "It's going to be okay," you tell Sherlock.
______________
Sherlock be confused and agitated and scared to wake up in a place he couldn't recognise, in pain, hooked up to all this equipment and strangers holding him still? Why had you gone home? It's been less than a
Another example is that in some places, the nurse preparing a bed ward's medications for patients wears ear muffs and a sash signalling she is not to be disturbed. Distracting someone when they're doing a precision job with lots of complicated details leads to more errors even if they were the best nurse or doctor on the planet (nobody is, of course, since it's not a competition regardless of what Mr Holmes thinks).
John's ears pick up the sound of the faucet in the washing area and he slips out of the OR into the washing area. There, Sherlock is scrubbing his fingernails vigorously with a slight frown of concentration. He tends to do a preliminary, thorough wash-up before coming in to attach the Sugita head frame, after which he does a second wash-up complete with hand disinfection before gowning and gloving up.
"Words are limited in reflecting reality; what does it matter what other people heard — the medical facts should be more important?" he points out.
"These physicians rated their experience as stressful or more stressful as pregnancy, being fired from work, retirement or major change in the health of a family member. That's very significant."
"Oh." Sherlock rises to his feet and John breathes a sigh of relief, too.
Sherlock is tempted to continue the conversation just to pass the time, though he can’t think of anything else to say. He abhors small talk, so this must be yet another symptom of the strange internal unrest that has been brewing.
"Hearing you is… that's what all that fanmail has to be about," He gasps as Sherlock's palm presses against his shaft, "I could get off even just listening to you read the bloody phone book."He tries to steal a covert glance at Sherlock's cock, but is caught by the man who sees and notices everything.
John glances out the window where whistling tracer bullets like shooting stars are lighting up the sky. He scoffs. "What makes you think I'll still want to be here in the morning?"
Sherlock doesn't care what people think about the two of you. You haven't quite managed that level of confident nonchalance yet, but right now, you're finding it easy to push those worries away. He needs you and seems to want your support rather than anyone else's. If only you didn't feel like you were walking constantly on eggshells trying to decide when to give him space and when to breach the bubble of aloofness he tries to construct around him to protect himself from the bleak reality of intensive care.
"I promise I'll keep what you have disclosed in mind and give some thought to how I might approach it with him."
"This phase was always going to come," Mycroft tells you and sounds much less worried than you. His perspective of Sherlock's psyche is longer, and you find his calmness marginally reassuring. "How long it lasts is anyone's guess."
"If you can do your job just as well with an oldschool system, then the cost can't be that big to keep both. The annual maintenance for one of the Zeiss systems owned by us is peanuts compared to those new rigs," John assures him. "It'll be a tough sell to the brass, that gynae system. They'll need to demonstrate significant benefit over a normal laparoscopy set."
He averts his gaze. It's odd, seeing him this defeated. This empty of arguments. Problems and challenges and tragedies send him into high alert usually, into battle mode. Now, the bowels of this hospital have swallowed him up and he's probably wondering in what sort of shape he'll be spat out.
"It's good to be able to rely on family," she says excitedly. "You boys and George were all I had when you were growing up."
, but those things are something he prefers not to think about. When Sherlock had shown up at Bastion, John had acted as though he didn't want him there — didn't think Sherlock understood or could endure that way of life and the conditions there, and he didn't want Sherlock interacting with the people in his circle. It wasn't because he wanted to keep secret his sexual orientation — after all, he had put up photos of the two of them together in visible spots in his office. No, it was because the military was John's territory, a part he had clearly wanted to keep away and separate from Sherlock because there, he wasn't standing in anyone's shadow.
"I'd rather not know since that is a possibility."
"Morning," you say, instantly regretting it after remembering what Andrew had said about circadian rhythms. It's early evening, now.
, you read the anxiety twisting his features and accept it for what it is.
"Don't worry about it. We could all use a bit of sleep every once in a while," he tells the registrar, who nods. "There was only one IV request from the urology ward after we closed up shop at the OR floor. "You okay after that burn victim? That was pretty horrific," John then asks the messy-haired, yawning trainee.
"I'm not exhausted. It just all feels so… those things don't quite feel like significant achievements in hindsight. All it feels like is as though I've opened a door, expecting the finishing line, but all I see is an endless marathon of more challenges."
After consuming his coffee, John goes to make toast. While waiting for the bread to pop out of the toaster, he picks up his mobile from the counter, and calls the clinic receptionist. There is a skeleton crew working on the admin every day in case a physician needs surgical notes or something else for an inquiry from a patient or their rep during the weekend. Within minutes, he's got Sherlock Holmes' phone number scribbled down on a post-it.
"You seemed very far away just now, so I said: penny for your thoughts. "
Sherlock dismisses her with a flick of his wrist. "Unless you can deliver opiates, there's very little use for you."
in any sense of the word. There have been only a few times in his life when he's feared this deeply that his control over his life is slipping because he doesn't understand what's wrong.
He's not being constantly ECG-monitored any longer; they get a short paper film every morning with the labs, plus there's BP and saturation measurements every few hours. They need to be redone, stat. You press the call button.
"I recommend we start with a triple combination of medications; it's standard, and with the infection you recently contracted, we'd best err on the side of caution."
"Aren't you going to call it?"
He tilts his head, blinks, as though seeing the now dry surgical field could somehow give him a clear, renewed perspective. He then cranes his neck in the opposite direction, feeling the eyes of the staff on him.
Victor had an inquisitive pair of green eyes, which told Sherlock that the man enjoyed what he was looking back at just as much as Sherlock liked what he was seeing.
"Hi, John." Fiona Barry, the grand old lady of a Ward Sister the neurosurgical OR unit is graced with, greets him amicably. "You need to come collect your husband so that I can get some work done," she jokes.
She senses the urgency in his actions, which makes her decide she won't make him wait ten extra minutes while she reviews her notes from their last session. "Hello, Sherlock. Go on in," she prompts, depositing the rest of her lunch back in the fridge.
Sherlock pivots on his heel, his momentum gone, punched out by the words John has just spoken. "What?"
Victor believed firmly that what he did was justified as long as he was obeying orders — orders coming from someone such as Mycroft, who cared more about playing spy games than he did about the lives of his subordinates. Sherlock had once asked Victor how he could not see the irrationality in that. Victor had shrugged and told him he just didn't understand.
Later in the evening, Sherlock's roommate and the man's nurses disappear. The bay next to Sherlock's remains empty for an hour before an army-issue cot materialises in it. And so does Mycroft Holmes.
You're not even sure what makes you stir. Perhaps it's the sixth sense you've developed — that inexplicable connection to Sherlock you sometimes feel and hope that you
"Coming to an agreement that you both had a difficult time during his childhood would go a long way in taking our three-way dialogue forward. The way you just explained how you felt back then is something which I think might be beneficial for Sherlock to hear. My experience with him is that he is very willing to listen to another person's perspective once he's been able to expel some of his anger."
. Sherlock slaps on his sweetest smile and leans over the counter. "John promised I could look up a few things on his computer today after he’s checked on the wound. I wouldn't be a minute; perhaps you could unlock his door for me?"
"Because you think you should?" Sherlock asks, trying not to sound accusatory.
John, in the first row, looks nervous as well but is giving Sherlock a thumbs-up. '
"Do you feel as though there is equality in your relationship now?"
Sherlock turns the scalp back onto the removed piece of bone he has just returned to its rightful place and sutured the skin back together. Then, Sherlock steps back and removes his gown and gloves.
"Unnecessary. Perhaps you might text me when he arrives home, though?"
Three days later, Violet's son-in-law picks up her call on the third signal.
"I have a hunch you weren't very good at that."
"That's very good, Mister Holmes. This may be a difficult time to stay sober; we have excellent support groups, and I can refer you to––"
"Oh, he's probably got this room bugged. Had all night to do it."
"It is not the things we don't know or are not good at which make us bitter and discouraged and depressed — people overcome astounding adversity if they
