Castiel was different; nothing like Dean. And perhaps that's why Dean had fallen in love with him in the first place.
Dean grinned, and maybe if Castiel glanced behind, he would have been able to see his tail wagging too. Dean was, in some way, a puppy who trailed Castiel around, and Castiel couldn't help but be amused. They bid Benny and Meg goodbye, and Castiel slipped into the passenger seat of Dean's car. Dean, revved the engine to life, before reversing them out of the parking, and driving down onto the main street.
It was as if every word had seared a gash into Dean's skin, and he felt itchy, nauseated, strange— he wanted to throw up, he might even have in his throat, but the thought of it— just the thought of it; the thought of them hurting Castiel in
The inside of the diner was minimal, with some pop art paintings hung on the walls, and with bright, red booths. Dean and Castiel slipped into one of the empty booths, and Castiel reached for the laminated menu while Dean pulled out his phone to type something.
"Alright, I've told you already, this isn't an official conversation, so I won't tell them. And about those three bastards, god, I always knew they were sick in the head but rape— I think I'm gonna' throw up."
"Of course. And you too, thank you so much for telling me your story, Meg. I just, I feel much better now, knowing I'm not alone."
"I mean, all of your friends, they're total shitbags, each one of them. But Castiel? He's so cool? We were just talking about the Hubble right now."
"But uh, Meg," Dean started, "-don't mind me asking, but, erm, you and Alastair? How'd that even happen?"
best ACDC album by the way," Castiel rambled on, and Dean, to his credit, listened to each of his rambling quietly, with a fond, soft look.
"I," Castiel choked out, his voice naive, with such innocence to it, Dean felt tears sting his own eyes, "-I don't know what to say."
"God, I have to taste this," He sighed, before dropping down to his knees, arms still holding Castiel open against the wall, as he dove in, and licked at Castiel's hole. Castiel couldn't hold back another round of dirty, filthy moans as Dean ate him out, with loud, obnoxious slurps, tongue fucking the boy's tight, teenage hole.
"I know," Castiel mumbled against Dean's neck, and ran a hand through his hair, "—thank you for standing up for me, Dean. I don't know what I would have done without you—"
His heart pounded in his chest, the rhythm of it amplified in tune with Castiel's quick, shallow breaths. His gut ached, a lingering unease rising at the back of his stomach. Absently, he reached out to press his hand into the wall to steady himself, letting his eyes flutter shut as he focused on breathing in deep, measured breaths.
The five of them went silent in consideration, when at once, Dean cursed. "Yo, there's only about twenty-minutes left till three. Are you sure you want to do this today? How about tomorrow?"
It was Gordon Walker and Nick Morningstar. Gordon had bandages tied around his hand, while Nick had a bandage wrapped over his nose. Their bodies were loose, eyes solemn and turned down— but they seemed to notice Castiel. And the moment their eyes met Castiel's, Castiel found himself standing at Benny's farmhouse, begging Gordon and Nick to do something— to stop Alastair, to stop hurting him, to let him go.
, it really does—" Castiel cried out, and Dean lowered his wrist, only to twist it behind Castiel's back and pin him to the wall. Dean laughed, watching as Castiel struggled for a moment, before
The levee broke, the tension burst, and before Dean had a moment to think, he was pinning Castiel to the metal wall of the elevator, hands sliding down the warm sides of Castiel's body as their lips met— desperate, wet, hasty. Dean slipped a knee between Castiel's thighs, rubbing it against the younger man's crotch, listening to Castiel moan and whimper in his arms. Their hands met and fingers twined, and Dean pinned Castiel's arms to the wall behind him, lips assaulting every inch of bare skin on display.
With that, Castiel let go of Dean's hand, and walked over to where Nick and Gordon stood. He expected to feel a sense of dread, but he couldn't. All he could feel was peace, of assurance, the love radiating off of Dean even from feet away. The tremble in Dean's voice when he spoke to Castiel, the way he would do anything for Castiel. Now that Castiel had Dean, he had nothing to fear.
"Cas— Castiel—" Dean called out, and leaped right out of his chair, following after Castiel. There was only one place Castiel could have gone.
to the world, and kiss him right then and there, not caring for who watched them, wanting everyone to know Dean was his, only his.
The subway was a place Castiel had never found inviting. It reeked of sweat, vomit and men's cologne, and on a Friday evening especially, it was jam-packed with people. Mothers consoling crying toddlers, grumbling old men shouting at someone who bumped into them, corporate slaves hoping to get a moment of silence, and then there was Castiel, on his way back home from his internship, a boring, sexually-frustrated 18-year-old crowded into the spot at the very corner of the compartment. And then there was the bastard infront of him, who had been crashing into him every five seconds, and muttering a futile apology.
Slowly, Castiel reached out and grabbed Dean's hands, guiding them up to the buttons on his shirt. Dean kept his eyes on Cas the whole time that he unbuttoned the younger man's shirt, watching as a sliver of skin peeked through Castiel's shirt.
you— don't pick fights, don't mingle with those rich brats, don't let them influence you. Keep your head down, be sincere, do your work— but no. And now look at what's happened. Dean, I can't keep hiding you away from the world—"
Castiel loved him. Castiel told Dean he loved him. And the next moment, he told Dean to leave, and never return. Because hey, when did things actually go the way Dean wanted them to? And not to mention, Dean had stood there, as stupidly as possible, and watched Castiel cry, not even made an effort to console him, save for the selfish hug, which Castiel pushed him away for. Dean should have been more caring, more understanding. He should have listened, and maybe he shouldn't have left.
The ache in his jaw. The burn between his thighs, where each one of them had so ruthlessly defiled him. The stickiness of the blood between his legs.
Dean stilled for a moment, letting the word wash over him for a moment, before shuddering and nodding.
"Sometimes," She gulped, "-when you've been through something terrible, it becomes easy to spot when someone else has."
And if Dean made sure to put the boy's lacy pink panties on display while he was at it, well, that was his business. No harm in simply watching, right?
"What the fuck—" Strong fists crumpled the front of Castiel's t-shirt, and slammed him against the door, causing Castiel's shoulders to hurt and he let out a pained whine.
"Keep playing," Dean growled, as he soaked his middle finger with spit, before slipping it between Castiel's ass and rubbing it over his tiny, pink pucker. With his ass up in the air, face pressed against the couch, and his panties pulled roughly to the side, Castiel looked nothing short of a bitch straight out of a porno, with her legs spread for anyone to come fuck her full of come.
A warm hand drifted up Castiel's thigh and pressed into the small bulge in his sweats. Castiel caught Dean's eyes, and nodded, although hesitant, but in his heart, deep down, he knew Dean would never hurt him. With how cautiously and gently Dean pulled his pants down, Castiel realised he was right. His small, pink cock sprang up, throbbing and leaking, and he watched as Dean eyed it for a moment.
"Please, lead the way, Mr. Winchester," He laughed, and watched as Dean puffed out his chest, and pulled Castiel along with a proud grin.
"Right now, put it in right now," Castiel hissed, "-I've never had anything so big inside me before, I hope it leaves me gaping."
Meg smiled, and Castiel walked her to the door while Dean stayed behind. Meg sent Castiel a bright smile, before slipping into her black car. Her car zoomed past Castiel, onto the main street, and disappeared around a corner. Castiel turned around, and watched as Dean sauntered into the passage way, eyes lighting up the moment they fell upon Castiel.
"You been hangin' with this homo a lot lately. What, you been tryin' out some ass? Got tired of pussy?" Alastair laughed, and his two sidekicks, Nick and Gordon, laughed in accord. Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head.
It was a plain, old conversation starter, but Dean would take it. "Things are fine, yeah. A bit tensed about finals, but I know I'll pull through."
"It's alright, erm, I don't mind," Castiel sighed, "-Anyway, I should be leaving. Have a good day Sam," A beat passed, "-Dean."
to think highly of yourself after something like that, but I want you to know that you are loved, and that you're a person who shines so brightly because of their kindness. You may not be able to see it, but the world can."
And fuck him, Castiel wasn't going to admit it or whatever. But then again, Dean being Dean, already seemed to find his answer when Castiel let out a small sigh.
He was Castiel's classmate, although they never spoke much. Far too many times Castiel had lost his cool in class because of Dean Winchester. Class delinquent. There were about a hundred rumours floating around about him, about how he'd been to juvenile detention, about how he'd slept with the principal's daughter, and the likes. Castiel never understood why someone like Dean ever enrolled and got into an elite, private school like Lawrence High, but well, apparently, Dean had decent grades. So, yes, Dean may as well have been Castiel's rival.
Dean was straight, he always had been. Girls, smoking, booze, cars, rock music, sexual humour, charming grins— the perfect, (unfortunately heterosexual) bad boy of Lawrence High. But he was so much more than what he showed others. If they were to study Dean, they'd find a boy, scared, hopeful, kind, gentle— trying to hold onto people, trying to make them feel the love he never got to feel. A strong, supportive big brother, a patient, selfless son. And most of all, a friend. Cocky, arrogant, smug— of course, Dean would never be able to change that, and Castiel never wanted him to, it was an attractive arrogance of knowing what he was worth, and yet, under that facade, was just a boy trying to find someone to understand him.
"Good, so, here," Mr. Singer reached for something in his drawer, and handed it over to Castiel. It was a notepad. He tossed a pen onto the desk, and motioned at it, "—jot down you're plan. Or draw it, I don't care. As long as it's readable."
Without warning, Dean grabbed Castiel by the front of his shirt, and crashed their lips together. Castiel moaned into the kiss, unable to comprehend it until Dean's eager hands traveled up his shirt and over his back. "Fuck," Dean growled, "—this is way hotter than I thought it would be."
"Hey," Dean hissed, "—don't remind me. That was hot, so hot. God, I think I'm gay. Or bi. Or whatever. But you have to let me do it again, please."
"Ivy League? You've got a huge chance of getting in, baby. I'm not lying. Your grades, your student record, everything's amazing." Dean cut in, and Castiel hummed to himself. He grabbed the t-shirt Dean had given him, and changed into it, before stripping down to his briefs.
Warm, wet, inviting— Dean almost felt a spark crackle between them as their lips met— hasty, impatient, desperate. The last knot holding Castiel in place slipped undone, and Dean hooked his hands under the boy's thighs to haul him up in his arms as their lips met in a flurry of heat, kissing, sucking, nipping, moaning. Dean's feet swayed from side to side, before he crashed Castiel's back into the wall behind them, and heard the boy let out a broken gasp.
"Talk might be an understatement. But yeah, and he's told me what a cool guy you were, and I was like, y'know what, he should come over too, so, Novak, wanna' come?"
Just to tease Dean more, Castiel nudge his pen down onto the floor, making sure it reached deep under the desk, and gasping when it hit the ground.
"Novak needs you," Benny croaked out, and tried to slip out of Dean's grasp, pushing Dean away. Dean growled, and watched as Benny rushed toward the staircase. With his feet as light as air, Dean trudged up the staircase, and with his eyes scanning the dark, empty corridor for as far as he could see, he noticed the light under one, particular door seep out of the room.
Dean grit out a smile, and crumpled a piece of paper in his hands under the conference table. His eyes tracked every movement of Castiel's baby-blues with the vigilance of a predator watching its prey. The moment he had Novak alone, he was going to eat the bastard up alive.
Dean studied his face in the rear-view mirror of the Impala, and ran a hand through his hair. For once in his life, he was dressed in something other than plaid and flannel. For Castiel's sake (and on Bobby's advice) Dean had chosen to wear a tight, form-fitting black, button-up shirt. And hey, he looked
ask them to illustrate their plan. But the look on Mr. Singer's face meant business, and Castiel found himself caught slightly off-guard. Yes, this was one of his drawbacks— he wasn't a quick thinker. He pondered wide and deep on decisions and plans, until he was sure they were perfect. Rough, last minute sketches were not his thing.
"You hurt me, Gordon, and I did nothing to you. I never said a bad word, never talked back, never raised my voice. I did what you asked me, did what you said, and I never bothered you. Why did you do that to me—" Castiel felt his chest tighten, and his throat began to hurt with the discomfort of crying so sorely. The hands stabling his shoulder were back, and he could do nothing as he felt himself drop to the ground, unable to keep himself steady. The hands dropped with him, and he felt Gordon rubbing a hand down his back. The touch made him want to give into the warmth, and yet, at the same time, knowing it was Gordon, it made him want to hurl his gut out.
"But you like it, don't you?" Dean growled, almost scornful, and dug his nails into Castiel's chest, watching as the man under him groaned and rocked on Dean's cock like a paid man-whore.
"Dean—" Benny warned, his eyes wide and face pale, "-I'll rip your tongue out if you finish that sentence."
"Why are you drinking a whole bottle of beer? It's not good for you, Cas, and hey, have you had a whole bottle before? It won't be too much, but it's your fir—"
—" Castiel gasped, feeling his thighs begin to cramp up as Dean sucked him, bobbing his head and slurping him clean, before popping off his cock with an obnoxiously filthy squelch, and staring up at Cas with heated, pink cheeks.
. And oh, how Castiel wanted to stop him, wanted to pull him back, slap him perhaps a thousand more times for being an idiot, but hold him close, never letting go of him, never letting him slip through his fingers. He wanted to shout at Dean, he wanted to be furious at him for not being able to take a fucking hint, but Castiel also wanted to say
Their eyes met, and Castiel quirked the side of his lip in a vague smile, watching as Dean studied him for a few seconds. Castiel slipped down next to Dean, and their thighs brushed. Once again, Castiel had been sandwiched between the wall and Dean, and yet, he found it more comforting that anything. Dean let out a loud breath, and with the cigarette pinched between his fingers, carefully loosened his tie, and unbuttoned the top of his uniform.
Castiel sat still for a moment, simply gaping at the business card in his hands. He felt his throat tighten at Dr. Sunders' kindness, and in a soft, low whisper, wished her a
"I'm not," Castiel grinned, and turned to Dean. "My father loves classic cars, Dean. I don't remember if I've mentioned it to you. He thinks he knows everything about them, but father," Castiel smirks, "—I can bet my life on the fact that Dean knows more."
As silence spread across them, Dean wondered how they'd ever ended up there, Novak and Winchester, two names you'd never hear in the same sentence, sleeping on the same bed, right next to each other. And to think it started out from Dean having to blackmail Castiel. Of course, Castiel didn't know it yet, but he'd deleted the pictures from his phone ages ago. The day Alastair had bothered Cas at his desk, Dean had felt too cowardly for not saying anything, and he'd deleted the pictures as compensation for being a pussy.
Castiel snorted, obviously amused at the fact that Dean had changed his demeanor almost instantly, and that his voice had lost the bite it always had to it. His eyes roamed across Castiel's face, but Castiel knew he was listening to the music; that he was listening to the lyrics, he could read Dean's face like an open book.
Silence spread over the table as every one tracked Castiel. Around them, the music pounded on, loud and unending. Castiel turned around, grabbed a shot of tequila, and downed it in an instant before turning back to Dean.
"All bad, I presume. Not that we blame him." Naomi sighed, and rose up to her feet. Dean faltered, but the gift-basket in his hand reminded him of its purpose.
Naomi seemed stunned, if not disappointed. "You must be rivals then, huh. Since Castiel is and always has been the brightest boy at school. I remember, even to this date, the moment you showed me your award for the Best Merit Student of Lawrence High. I was so proud of you back then. I wish you worked half as hard now as you did back then."
Dean faltered, clearly shaken by Castiel's words, and he tried to defend himself, only for Castiel to hold a hand up.
WARNING: This chapter heavily implies rape, although it will not be graphic in anyway. Please, please read the warnings of the fic. The rape is not between Dean/Castiel, but Castiel/other character.
Castiel laughed at that, and thankfully, the tension between them had seeped away. "Alright then," Dean clapped his hands together, "—I'm gonna' fuck you good enough to make Michael question his masculinity, yeah?"
A smile spread across Meg's face, and Castiel rubbed a hand over her shoulder, before letting it fall away, eyes travelling blankly over the space between them. Meg sniffled, and settled back against the couch, rubbing her hands over her face to compose herself.
Dean's eyes wandered around the room. He hadn't seen much of it the last time he was here, well, mostly because, erm, his eyes hadn't been able to leave Castiel, and then the fag had the nerve to bend over. Goddammit, it wasn't supposed to make Dean hard, it really wasn't, and Dean was sure Castiel had seen his boner, which made it all-the-more worse. But now that he noticed, his room was quite simple. Books marked along the shelves, a simple desk set-up, a few lights— nothing seemed personal about it.
"Oh, hello Dean. It's a pleasure to meet you," Dr. Sunders smiled, and handed Castiel a folder, which he browsed through as she continued, "—so, like I said, these are mostly muscle pain relievers, and some things you have to keep in mind are eating healthy, keeping yourself hydrated, and taking a lot of rest. Your body has been through a lot already, Castiel, it needs time. Now look, I'm not a psychologist, but what I
He couldn't wait any longer, as he imagined himself thrusting into a particularly naked Castiel, who held onto a pillow under his face, biting his lip and jerking with every thrust, letting out the sweetest moans as Dean thrust, harder and harder, and with a loud groan of
Dean's eyes widened, because sonuvabitch, the boy had quite a mouth on him, and every word seemed to fizzle under Dean's skin, as he pressed the leaking, wet tip of his cock to Castiel's hole.
Sweat dripped down Dean's brow at the sight of Benny's wide eyes. He felt helpless— as if Benny knew something, and he wasn't telling Dean, as if there was something big, something terrible that he had kept from Dean, and now that he mentioned
"Oh, oh fuck," Castiel moaned out, now for the theatrics of it all, since he knew Michael was watching. A strange kind of thrill ran up his body as he bounced his perky ass back on Dean's cock. "Oh Dean, you're—" But the fake moan died down on his tongue the moment Dean thrust against his prostate. Castiel bit down on his hand to suppress the moan, and tears welled at his eyes. "
"God," He hissed, "—that disgusting piece of shit. You guys, you guys are brave as shit for standing up to him," Mr. Singer sighed, "—are you the only ones?"
tell you is that your mind plays a huge role in how fast you heal. The more positive you are that you're strong, and that you're going to get better, the sooner you'll be fine. That also being said, no sexual activity for a while, got it?"
Dean shared a glance with Meg. He watched as Meg straightened in her seat, but made no effort to speak first, so Dean decided to take the chance. "Long story short, I realised how big of a douchebag Alastair was. And I realised I was an even bigger douchebag for needing his approval. It never bothered me first, but then, when he started hurting the people I love, I realised it was high time to change. Meg?"
"You need a reason to be proud of your child?" Dean asked, almost dumbstruck, and all eyes on the table snapped to him.
"He does deserve it. Let me get it cleared with HR." Dean laughed, and watched as Castiel went red in the face. Though he wasn't much into alcohol, Benny had dared him to do a round of tequila shots, and Lord, who would have expected the nerd to down eight shot glasses full of tequila in seven seconds flat? It was impressive, if anything, and only made Dean wonder what other secret sides of him his nerdy secretary had hiding up his sleeve.
Castiel hummed, and sat up on the desk, folding one leg over the other as he swept his finger through the come stuck on the desk, and pushed it past his lips. Dean watched hungrily as Castiel swallowed his own come. Unable to keep his hands to himself, Dean brushed his fingers through Castiel's hair, and Castiel leaned into the touch so pliantly, it had Dean flushing with affection.
The boy had a perfect face, chiseled and sculpted right down to perfection. A sharp jaw, attractive dark blonde hair, bright apple-green eyes and a smile that made the girls in his class leak through their panties. Dean smiled, and Castiel watched as he held up a phone, and playing on the screen was—
Dean pushed his long, thick finger inside, and coated his spit around Castiel's walls, curling his finger, pressing against his prostate, and fucking it into his needy little hole frantically, as Castiel arched his back and let out another loud, panting moan. He whined, squeezing his thighs together to somehow resist Dean, but Dean simply spread them apart, and added another finger to Castiel's slippery, greedy pink pucker.
Alright, that was it. Dean let out a slow, laboured breath, and compelled himself to meet Castiel's foxy eyes. "You see Mr. Novak, we are a humble institution. We don't strive for brilliance, but for helping out our clients in the best way we can, to the fullest extent." A pause, "—perhaps you and I both need to clear out some things before we proceed with this discussion."
And something in Castiel had just flipped in the morning. He had tried to be brave, he really had, but he wasn't sure he could look Gordon and Nick in the eye anymore. No, he couldn't. Because every time he would, he would be reminded of the ruthless way they stole his body from him, and against his will, used it like a mere playtoy.
Castiel swallowed thickly, letting Mr. Singer's words settle inside him. He nodded, and sent Mr. Singer a small smile, before turning the knob of his classroom door in, and pulling it open. He knew already that the eyes of twenty other children were now on him, but he couldn't care. Inside, Mr. Devereaux continued to teach, but paused at the sight of Castiel.
An unexpected smile pulled at Castiel's lips, and he leaned into press a kiss to Dean's lips, only for the door to swing open. He paused, and both of them pulled away with a sigh before facing Dr. Sunders, who seemed to turn slightly flustered.
"Dean— oh, fuck, right there—" Castiel cried out, and Dean slapped his ass, a nice bright red colour rising on Castiel's skin where the blow landed. Castiel screamed out loud, much to Dean's pleasure, as he scrambled to hold onto the arm rest, gaming console forgotten. "—oh, fuck, yes, yes—"
As Castiel walked into the classroom, however, his eyes darted over to where Dean was seated behind him, and on his lap, Lisa Braeden, playing with his short, spiky hair— hair that Castiel loved running his hand through. She pressed her tits against Dean's chest, and Castiel watched, as she rolled her hips on his thighs, a coy attempt at showing Dean how voluptuous she was. Castiel stood rooted to the ground, crumpling the book in his hand, as she whispered something against Dean's ear, and giggled. Dean smirked, a boyish, charming grin, and Castiel felt bile rise up in his throat.
Dean smiled, and slipped out of the car. He walked over to where Castiel was standing outside, and pulled Castiel into a tight, warm hug with their heads buried against each other's necks.
"Dean," Dean paused, and stared up at Cas, whose teary eyes roamed across his face with such admiration, it almost made Dean sick that Castiel could
Bile rose at the back of Castiel's throat as he watched the video play— a video he had uploaded not less than five minutes ago.
Dean rolled his eyes to himself, and slung his bag around his shoulder. The moment he turned, however, he was met with Bobby, standing at the threshold of the classroom in all his formal glory. He had his hands behind his back, and for all the years Dean knew him (which was technically his whole life), he knew it meant Bobby needed to talk.
Dean was quiet for a long few minutes, and he'd gone oddly rigid. His hands had frozen, and his shoulders had become tensed as he stared passively at Castiel's stomach. Castiel couldn't find it in himself to speak, however, since he felt he would be breaking the glass-like silence between them. It wasn't until Dean turned his head up, that Castiel noticed the controlled horror glinting in his wide, ivy green eyes.
"Say please," Dean warned, and Castiel held onto the armrest of the couch to keep himself steady as Dean pounded him— ruthless and rough, not bothering to care for Castiel anymore as Dean sought his release, and chased the gut-curling sensation of his orgasm bolting through his cock.
"You stained my favourite panties," Castiel pouted, and slumped down. The next moment, his eyes went wide, and he gaped at Dean incredulously, before his gaze narrowed at Dean.
"After you," He said, and Dean climbed up the set of stairs, listening to Castiel's footsteps patter on the staircase behind him. His feet carried him towards the room he'd been in on Friday, and the moment they were inside, Castiel shut the door behind them, and pressed himself back against the door, simply watching as Dean flung himself onto the bed, kicking his boots off and letting them fall at the foot of the bed. He sighed, and tossed his notebooks across the sheets, suddenly engulfed with a soft, minty, fragrant scent, which undoubtedly had to be Castiel's, and now that Dean noticed it,
The sirens screeched through the air, loud and deafening. Blue and red lights tore through the night sky, the scent of alcohol and mud in the air, as Dean's feet clamoured against the ground, one after the other. His flesh was on fire, nevers flaring, and face heated from having run across miles without a pause. A palpable gush of adrenaline coursed through his body as he ran, a large, bulging black satchel hung across his shoulder.
"I've marked all the questions which are most probable to be asked in the test tomorrow. It's a hour-long quiz, which means you will have at least three to four long questions, and at least fifteen objective questions. You should be able to score a good grade if you study these. Okay?"
Monday came as slow as molasses. Saturday was spent with Castiel eating Chinese take-out for breakfast, lunch and dinner, and the hours he wasn't eating, he was studying. One whole Sunday went the same. Except he managed to find time to finger himself dry on Sunday, before Dean ended up at his doorstep, wanting to be tutored. He wouldn't call himself a sex-addict, but he was a teenager with a crazy libido, and he just so happened to have a room to himself, uninterrupted. Besides, he had OnlyPics. The comments on his blue-panties post had broken his record of three thousand comments, earning him almost four thousand five hundred comments over the span of two days. Self-esteem wise, Castiel was thriving.
Flushed and yet, feeling the tension in the room seep away slightly, Castiel had answered. (Which now that he thought of, he never should have).
"I know a place. Pretty cheap. Good food," Dean continued, and Castiel hummed along to the song, Simple Man by Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Dean tapped a finger at his thigh, basking in the quiet between them.
Castiel would have the best moans, Dean mused, paired with his deep, velvet voice that felt like whiskey, every moan— breathy or whiny, would sound like an absolute treat.
Dean didn't even know what to say anymore, so he rolled his eyes, and slumped against Castiel's shoulder, "-why do you even care?"
"God, you should see the way I see you, baby— you're— I've never seen anything so beautiful before, heck, I feel like I'm not even worthy enough to look at you. You're an angel, Cas,
. As he watched Dean, he saw him dig into his pocket, and retrieve something— a packet of cigarettes. Dean pulled one out and brought it to his lips, before digging into his bag for the lighter.
"That too, I guess." Dean chuckled, and pushed the door open, sending an awestruck Bobby one final smirk, before walking out his cabin and down the corridor.
The pictures he posted these days, however, were not as plain as they were before. With time, Castiel had become comfortable on OnlyPics, some may even say far
Castiel grinned, and pressed his head into Dean's chest with a yawn. "We'll talk to him tomorrow, is that fine?"
he mumbled, and let his imagination run wild with the thoughts of wavy, long hair, big round tits, a small, curvy waist with sharp hipbones, a firm, bouncy ripe ass, clad with lacy blue panties, slender hairless legs and a small, pink cock that nudged against—
Dean had been so close to him. Too close to him. But the bruise— Castiel hated how it stained Dean's perfect, Adonis face. And Castiel knew there had to be something behind it, some story, some reason Dean wasn't willing to share. Castiel wasn't going to push the limit. Dean already had him wrapped around his finger, Castiel wasn't going to risk it.
" Castiel gasped into the kiss, eyes slipping shut as his chest heaved, and he chased Dean's lips, before nudging Dean away and letting his head rest against Dean's chin, "-we aren't in the corner yet, Dean."
Once Michael was out of earshot, both Dean and Castiel laughed out loud, and reached for their bags.
"It's valid, Anna." Castiel said, loud and sharp. Dean hung his head. The irony was almost comedic, and made Dean gag at the same time. The person he'd been— he had never wanted to forget it so hard before. He wanted to change and he wanted to be good for Castiel, but the past could only be forgotten, not erased. And what Anna had said brought memories flooding back to Dean. Of each time he blackmailed Castiel, of being a brat, of being the worst person he'd ever known.
"Cas," Dean shushed him, and pressed a kiss to Castiel's lips, "—you're the most beautiful person I know, okay? What Alastair did, it doesn't define you in anyway. It was something that happened to you, but it's not your whole identity. And honestly, it's taking me everything I have to hold myself back right now, Cas, you're wearing my shirt, you're wearing those tiny shorts— I'm trying my best not to pop a boner right now."
The moment they stepped into the library however, Castiel realised they weren't alone. Seated where their group had been seated before, were two men. Castiel paused, simply studying them, only to realise they were none other than Gordon Walker and Nick Morningstar. They sat with their shoulders hunched and the faces hung down, not speaking, as if waiting for someone. Gordon glanced back for a second, only to do a double take at Castiel. His eyes widened, and he nudged Nick to look back. Silence had washed over the library, and yet, Castiel could feel the sheer anger seething from Dean as he nudged Castiel behind him. Dean was ready for a fight, already rolling his sleeves up, but Gordon held up his hand in defence.
"You won't like the answer." Castiel croaked out, trembling fingers reaching up to clutch onto Dean's shoulder.
Hands, too many of them, slid across his body, over his chest and his waist, and Castiel felt strange, felt
Meg paused. Her eyes were cold, but somewhat teary, and her bottom lip quivered as she fidgeted with her thumb, struggling to go on. But Castiel knew what she would say. He realised, the moment she mentioned she didn't want to do anything, he realised what Alastair had done to her. Castiel's heart dropped, and he felt a peculiar feeling of nausea and immense regret course through his chest.
At school, Castiel had begun handing out fliers about their anti-bullying club, and so had Benny, Dean, and Meg. Although only three people had approached them so far, the three had only been there to inquire, and not take part. For a day or two after that, there was buzz about the anti-bullying club in Dean's class, but no action. Dean could see it was making Castiel dejected, that it was frustrating Castiel, but Cas was holding on, and Dean was proud of him for it.
It took him a few seconds, but the lightest trace of a smile pulled at Castiel's lips, and he broke into a grin.
"What is it with you and that boy? Castiel, you're just an eighteen year old, for God's sake, don't ruin yourself over a boy. You've got such bright dreams, you're going to take over our business—"
A beat passed between them— quiet, expectant. Until Castiel let out a sigh, and slowly, turned around to meet Dean's eyes. Cas yelped, and pressed his hands into Dean's face, much to Dean's, erm, amusement? Surprise? He wasn't sure what Castiel was doing.
"C'mon, it's been a while already, let me drop you home," Dean said, and turned to Castiel, who watched him for a moment, still drinking in the sight of Dean at his truest, but then Dean was grabbing him by the waist, and picking him off the concrete railing. Castiel yelped at the sudden movement, and threw his hands around Dean's neck; eyes squeezed shut because
grin on his face, and Castiel rolled his eyes. Castiel flipped his workbook shut, and set it aside, instead watching as Dean brought a cigarette up to his lips, and tried to light the end with a small, green lighter.
"It was the three of them, Castiel, all three—" She whispered against his chest, "-I couldn't even fight back."
"And I said some really bad things, Dean, things I don't expect you to forgive me for," He added, once he knew Dean was silent, simply listening and watching him. "You're not selfish, Dean, you're far from selfish. You've always thought of me, of Sam, of your dad, of Bobby— you think of everyone before yourself. You're the most selfless, the bravest, and the kindest person I've seen, Dean. I don't even know what I did to deserve you."
People were speaking, laughing, having the time of their lives, but Castiel could only catch traces of their conversation since the music drowned out most of the other noise. It was dim, and technicolour lights drenched the farmhouse in a modern, pop ambience. Castiel trailed his eyes over the entirety of the foyer, which seemed to surpass almost an acre, Castiel thought, although it wasn't actually as long as an acre. Bodies dotted each inch of the foyer, like a club, if Castiel was being honest, with people grinding against each other, drunk, high of their asses. He was sure he caught a glimpse of someone giving head to a man in the corner, but he wasn't going to question it. The air smelled vaguely of weed and heavily of alcohol.
"—so," Castiel asked into the headset, his voice hoarse from all the moaning, as if he hadn't just been fucked to an inch of his life on a live voice call, "-where were we?"
he cursed to himself, eyes wide as he flickered them between Anna and Castiel, as if caught guilty about something. But having his boyfriend and his ex-girlfriend in the same room, discussing about Dean and Anna's inappropriate texting habits was not something Dean had ever, ever expected to sit through. "And after we broke up, I got a text from Alastair with the exact same nudes. It was a blackmail."
Dean was silent. Not a single word slipped past his lips as he turned on his heel and walked away, just like that. A second later, however, Castiel felt him pause a few feet away. Waiting.
"I had nothing better to do," Castiel admitted with a chuckle, and watched as Benny led him through the crowd with a hand on his shoulder.
But nothing had prepared him for the anomaly that was Castiel Novak. Early-thirties, an unconventionally attractive face; sensual, thick pink lips with an accentuated Cupid's bow that would look
Before he knew it, Dean slipped a thick, lubed finger between his ass, and prodded it at the tight hole. It had been days since Castiel had taken something in. Usually, he would fuck himself off with a dildo or his fingers, but nothing could compare to the touch of somebody else's hands on his body.
Dean and Castiel exchanged a glance, before smiling to each other. Benny and Andrea though, were doing not so good. Since Andrea wasn't aware of what Benny had witnessed, their emotional common ground had begun to reduce.
of him. And that's exactly what happened. Castiel was crying. Over him, because of him— Dean couldn't tell.
, he was going to have to find refuge soon. Mind made up, he ran towards the house, parting through bushes and swatting away branches, before he reached what seemed to be the lawn surrounding the house. Since it was isolated from the rest of the city, Dean guessed it must be the kind of house people used for staying on the weekends or throwing parties.
Which is why when he skipped his way into class at eight on a Monday morning, ready for the History test, he had a smile on his face. His uniform was tidy as always, and his hair brushed and artfully tousled, not a spick on his polished leather boots.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, Dean had kept his conversation with Castiel to a polite, formal extent, simply acknowledging Castiel, before Alastair dragged him away to the bleachers. On Thursday, Dean had not spared Castiel a single glance, and even when their eyes had met by simple happenstance, Dean had averted his gaze, as if they were simply people walking past each other on a crowded street.
Castiel nodded, and turned away towards his house, only for a hand to grip his wrist, and he turned around to meet Dean's cold, inscrutable eyes.
, he's the type that grows on you, the type that makes you love him, even though you never expected to, so don't you dare let him slip through your fingers, 'kay?"
The song faded out, and only after it had been a few seconds after did Dean sigh, and open his eyes. He tugged the earphones out of his ear, which unintentionally tugged the earphones out of Castiel's ears, and pushed himself up to his feet. Castiel watched as Dean stood leaning over the concrete railing, eyes glazing across the back of the school, where nobody would be anymore. Castiel pushed himself to his feet, and jumped up onto the railing to seat himself, reaching out absently for Dean's arm to steady him in case he stumbled.
Dean grabbed Castiel by his jaw, blunt nails digging into Castiel's supple skin, not hurting, simply pressing, as Dean compelled Castiel to meet his eye.
Castiel nodded, and watched as Dean grabbed his cellphone from the pocket of his discarded jeans, and slipped out of the door. For the first time, Castiel felt like a stranger in his own bedroom, and he glazed his eyes across the blank, white room, and somehow, it stared back at him with all its emotionless aura. In the distance, he could catch traces of Dean's conversation.
"I wanted her to leave so bad—" Dean sighed, and pulled Castiel into a tight, warm hug, which had Castiel laughing, "—wanted you all to myself."
"I hope you didn't mind the uh, spanking. Got a lil' lost in the character." Dean admitted shyly, and Castiel grinned.
Unable to help himself, Castiel crossed the distance between them, and rubbed a hand over Dean's back to help him steady himself. But instead, Dean grabbed Castiel's arm, and stood back up, towering over Castiel with a strange, guilty gleam in his eyes. Castiel's skin crackled with a spark where Dean had touched him, and he staggered back a few steps until his back crashed against the wall.
Dean was silent for a few minutes, before he clicked his tongue, and mimicked the movement of Castiel's head by letting his own head rest against the concrete. With their eyes shut, the only scent of smoke in the air, and Led Zeppelin blasting through their earphones, both boys sat quietly for a moment, simply drinking in the silence.
The air around them changed, more charged, more intense now, and Castiel almost felt a lump rising at the back of his throat.
"Right." Castiel rolled his eyes, and the two of them walked into their class. But the moment Castiel crossed over the threshold, he paused. Eyes wide, mouth hung open, and the colour draining from his face, Castiel stood silent, simply trying to comprehend the sight in front of him.
Castiel felt his mood sour at the word, and he turned his eyes down to the floor. He knew Dean would never mean it in a pitiful way, but the thought that something was wrong with him, it turned him foul. "I'm not sick, Dean."
He had been dying to tell Dean what Meg and he had planned, but he had been bound back by his respect for Meg. Since that had been covered already, Castiel knew telling Dean the main plan wouldn't hurt in anyway.
Dean squeezed into a t-shirt, and tossed one over to Castiel, pointedly ignoring Castiel, before giving in with a sigh, and walking over to the shelf. Their eyes met, and Castiel sent Dean a pleading look. Dean seemed to consider it for a few seconds, before groaning, and grabbing the guitar from beside the shelf. Castiel grinned, and led Dean over to the bed, where both of them sat down at the edge.
The first thing he noticed was the firm, thin white mattress he was resting on. A cool breeze floated into the room, and Castiel sucked in a deep breath before sitting up. The room was white, and smelled of disinfectant and floor-cleaning phenyl. A glance around showed him several beds like his lined down the room. It was a large room, and at the front was a wide, open window, almost twice the size of a usual window. The daylight poured in through the window, only subdued now than it had been in the morning.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, feeling the familiar stretch of a thick, fat cock splitting him open.
"You motherfucke—" Dean growled, eyes wide and arms ready to throw a punch, but Castiel held him back, surprisingly firm, and Dean couldn't push him away.
"—I see you, and I know that the things you do for fun don't define you, okay? Don't let anybody tell you otherwise. Not even me."
wanted to do?" Castiel snapped away from Naomi, feeling his brows knit together as he glared down at her. Her wide, incredulous eyes wandered across Castiel's face. Before she could say anything however, or for that matter, before Castiel could continue, Michael had rushed into the corridor, eyes trailing over Castiel and Naomi as he studied them.
The sound of his name pulled him out of his thoughts, and he snapped his eyes to the side to meet Castiel, who gazed at him with his head propped up on his arm. The flannel shirt on his shoulders had slipped down to his arm, revealing his delicious, smooth collarbones, and Dean let his eyes roam across them.
"I'm not—" Dean, in fact, was blushing. Benny rumbled out a laugh, and turned to face Dean with his thumb swiping through his own phone. Dean's eyes swept across his phone, before he turned back to his own phone.
Dean groaned, and ripped one of the packets open. Castiel watched, awestruck, at how Dean sucked in a breath through his teeth, and jacked off his own cock for a moment before slipping the condom on. And when he finally turned back to Castiel again, he was smirking slightly. "You liked watching me, didn't you."
"Not much, thankfully. I'll get you the list of medications, they'll relieve your muscle pain. As for the pain in your rectum, it will heal soon and on its own, so my only advice would be to avoid any sort of sexual activity for at least two weeks. Besides that, you're good to go. Keep eating healthy, nurse your bruises everyday, and drink a lot of water. That should do you good."
And now, Dean was gone, his parents were fighting, he was crying in his room, and it was all his fault. Just because he fancied the idea of wanting a loving, caring family, he had gone and torn it apart to pieces. Forget about his mother, she had never been good to him, but Dean— Tears streamed down Castiel eyes as he recalled what he had said.
What a sight he was. Castiel Novak, class nerd, with his ass spread on camera, asshole fluttering with excitement.
Dean, it would have to be for this true, lighter side of Dean, not the one he'd showed Castiel before.
"Yeah, I'm gonna' call you in a little while, just wanted to tell you I'm heading over to Cas's place, see ya' in a hour or so."
"Let him go," Castiel whispered, and Dean felt his blood boil with the need to bury Alastair six feet into the ground, beat him to a pulp, make him cry, make him beg, make him
"Alastair Knight is a cruel, capricious, and vile human being. The things he has said, the things he has done to your very classmates, you wouldn't even want to look him in the eye if you knew. But I have had enough of him. We've got another month or two until the end of senior year and then we'll all be off to college, starting a new life. And so, Alastair Knight will continue to wreak havoc, ruin lives, and be the vile person he still is. But you can help me stop it. All I'm asking for is your support. I want you to stand against what is wrong, to stand with justice, to help save a hundred other people from the filth that is Alastair Knight. All I need is your unwavering support. Because I'm trying, alright? I'm trying my absolute best as a single person, to do everything in my power to get that son of a bit expelled. But I'm burning out. My friends, three of them who have supported me each step of the way, they're my pillars and I couldn't be as bold as I am today without them. But please. It isn't enough. You need to stand against Alastair, you—" Castiel punched a fist into the desk, tears lacing his eyes and Dean almost felt his chest drop with an anchor, "—you need to be a good person today. Because who knows? If you don't say anything today, you might just turn out to be Alastair's next victim tomorrow."
"Longest two weeks of my life. But hey, I'll wait for two months too, Cas, as long as it takes for you to be better."
"Sure," Dean grinned. His bright green eyes, paired with that charming smile had Castiel going weak in the knees.
Castiel fished his phone out of his pocket, and plugged his earphones into the jack. He handed one to Dean, who plugged it into his ear, while Castiel plugged the other into his own. He pressed play on one of Physical Grafitti's songs, since Dean had told him it was his favourite album, and let his head fall back against the solid concrete.
"So, now that you've got a promotion, don't ya' think Novak here deserves a raise?" Benny teased, and the rest of the men hummed in agreement. Dean simply glanced at Castiel. The guy was nerdy in every sense. Spoke in articulate sentences, wore a trenchcoat every morning over a neatly pressed navy-blue suit. Had a large, black pair of glasses that sat on his nose. Tight-lipped, with an obscure sense of humour, the guy was a piece of work, but God, if he wasn't good at what he did. Punctual down to the T. Not a single delay. Managed Dean's work with absolute efficiency. God knew the guy deserved a raise.
"But uhm, I don't understand why the four of you are against him. I mean, Dean, you practically kissed his ass throughout junior year, no offense, and Meg, you— you
Benny groaned, and flicked Dean in the head, to which Dean hissed, but hung his head down, already ashamed of himself, and now Benny was guilt-tripping him too, -"Brother, you ain't supposed to leave," He grumbled, "-you're supposed ta' grab him by the waist, look him in the eye, and tell him you ain't leavin'. You're supposed ta' tell him no matter what you're gonna' be there for him, through thick and thin, you're supposed ta' hold'im, and tell im' you're not letting him go."
Castiel drifted closer and closer to the edge of his orgasm, losing balance and conscience of the world around him as he felt the telltale tickle of his climax building, and building— only to fizzle out when Dean pulled his hand away. "No—" Castiel groaned, and opened his eyes to find Dean smirking down at him.
"See Novak," Dean chuckled, "—it's senior year. Stakes are high. I'm losing out on assignments, and I really can't afford that, y'know? So I thought, hey, why don't I just go ask the little fag in my class to do my work for me? But then I realized, you're not just a fag, you're also a fucking bitch, and that you'd never agree to help me out. So I had to do a little twisting here and there, and see? Now you can't refuse me."
And yet, strange as it may have been, the only thing Dean could comprehend as he walked away from Castiel, was the thought of seeing Castiel smile for the last time. Dean couldn't think of a world where he could live without seeing Castiel smile, at least once, with his entire heart— teeth glistening, lips parted, eyes crinkled, cheeks tinted pink— Dean would rather drink a bottle of poison than have Castiel cry
Maybe it was because the tears already lingered at his eyes and the laugh had triggered them, but Dean felt his face dampen with a stream of tears pouring down his face, and he reached up to wipe them away on the back of his face.
"Erm—" Cas swallowed, eyes fluttering across the room to tear away from Dean's, as he rolled onto his side, and turned away from Dean. Dean watched, dumbstruck for a moment, as Castiel's shoulders heaved with deep breaths, and he shut his eyes tightly.
"Did you understand?" He asked with a sigh, and Dean, cleared his throat and shook his head. Castiel groaned, and leaned into Dean's shoulder to grab the book out of his hands. Their fingers brushed, and Dean froze. Castiel though, seemed to be rambling about something quite nonchalantly, as if the spark when their skin touched hadn't bothered him at all. Dean blinked dumbly at Castiel, who for some reason, laughed, and instantly, Dean's mood went from a ten to a zero.
Utterly flustered, Dean widened his eyes, screaming out, "—Cas and I aren't—" But Bobby had walked away with a loud chuckle.
"So uh," Dean started, "—my car's right around and someone promised me free pie. But uh, y'know, pies are big. Very hard to finish by oneself. And uh, I'd love if I had someone with me to uhm, help me finish them."
I am extremely sorry for the delay. I've been going through a major writer's block, and have been struggling with some school work as well.
"Michael cheated on me," Castiel started, "—he's the most boring person I've ever met, and I still did everything I could for him. And that bastard cheated on me. Caught him making out with a freshman. He hates you, and I hate him. And I want him to feel what I felt, just a hundred times worse."
Dean watched as Castiel nodded, and went over to the liquor cabinet to fetch his father a drink. Michael spoke up once again, prying a bit further now, not that Dean minded. "And what about when you're not in school, what do you usually do?"
"Want more?" the man growled, and Castiel whimpered softly, hoping not to attract any attention towards them— but it was a lie. Oh, how Castiel wished everyone would watch him be fucked by a stranger's hand, how he spread his legs open for a stranger like a dirty little whore.
Maybe it was the fact that his skin remembered both of their crude, vulgar touches, but the moment they looked at him, Castiel felt his chest constrict. His throat tightened, and sucking in air seemed like a herculean task. The sound of people speaking in the background seemed to fade away, and all Castiel could comprehend was the sound of Gordon's laughter as his fingers pushed inside Castiel, rough and assaulting. The sound of Nick taunting Castiel, calling him a fag, shoving his crotch into Castiel's face— Castiel couldn't breathe. He wanted to reach out to Dean, he wanted to call out his name, he wanted to scream, shout, and beg for Dean to be by his side, but absently, Dean had wandered ahead, assuming Castiel was right behind him.
He could barely manage to keep it in for a day, and to live with something like that for a whole year, to pretend you're okay, and that you're not hurting, to pretend you're fine and to come to school and see the face of the very person who ruined you— Meg was strong. She was brave, fearless and everything Castiel wished he was.
The sound of his name brought him staggering back, and he blinked away a tear as he sat up on the bed. It was Dean, his eyes wide and concerned, much to Castiel's confusion.
"Cas, I want you to know that none of what happened yesterday was your fault. It was Alastair, it was that sonovuabitch that deserved to be be hurt. If I wasn't human, I'd do the same thing to him that he did to you—"
"You ain't that good at hiding, fatass," Dean said, and Castiel froze for a second, before allowing a smile to creep on his face as he stepped out from the corner and walked over to Dean.
"I already wrote the notes for you, what more do you need me to do?" Castiel asked, as he watched Dean intently.
Something inside Dean tugged at him for a moment, and he couldn't put a finger on what it was as he swallowed his words down.
"Shh— Dean, hey, it's okay, it's okay, kid, talk to me, please, just stop— stop crying and talk to me, okay?"
Showering together, Castiel wondered, was supposed to be sweet, very intimate, very sexy— Maybe if Dean stopped trying to style his hair up like Jimmy Neutron on the pretence of 'rubbing shampoo into his hair'. Of course, it took them much more time to step out of the shower, what with them making out against the bathroom wall like horny teenagers, which in this case, they actually were, and having to do another round of body wash to clean their sweat. By the end of it though, Castiel didn't want to leave, in fact, he could have easily spent another hour showering with Dean, with his rough, calloused hands roaming across his tiny, lithe body, if only their stomachs hadn't rumbled with hunger.
Dean slipped a hand down into Castiel's unbuttoned trousers, and thumbed over the slit of Castiel's leaking cock, causing Castiel to let out the softest of whimpers as he rocked against Dean. Castiel unbuckled Dean's slacks, and the moment he freed Dean's cock out from its confines, Dean broke their kiss and pushed Castiel down on his knees. "God, Cas," He gasped, holding onto the door as Castiel gave a few testing licks at the tip. "Fuck, I haven't been this hard in ages."
"I'm sorry daddy," Castiel panted, rocking his hips back against Dean's fingers and fucking himself on them like a useless bitch, "—please, I need your cock, daddy, please fuck me, please—"
Mrs. Berry sucked in a breath, and pinched her nose. "As much as I applaud your bravery, it isn't easy for me to simply suspend a child. I need evidence, written and factual. I need statements, official documents, there is a lot that I need to do to suspend Alastair Knight. And not to let this get personal, but as you all know, I am running for Mayor this year. And Alastair Knight's father, Azazel, is the highest donor for our school, as well as my opposition for running as Mayor. I'm a woman, it's taken me years of hardwork, years of effort, and working my life off to reach where I have. I need you to know that I can't let this opportunity slip from my hands."
"Don't make me threaten you. Be ready at eight, Monday. I'll honk twice." With that, Dean turned away, and slipped into his car. Castiel watched him through the glass, before smiling and turning away, walking up the path to his house. At his porch, he paused and watched behind as Dean's car pulled out of his driveway and drove onto the street.
Perhaps it was muscle memory that led Castiel to it, but before he knew it, tears welled at his eyes as he drifted his finger over the scratches.
"I'm in love with you, Cas, and you better fuckin' accept that. I'm not playing, and I sure as hell don't have time to dance around the bush anymore. I just beat up three guys with my bare fists, got punched and scratched, had the shittiest night, and I'm not in the mood to keep counting rose petals about whether you love me or not. So please, I need an answer. Just a word, a sound, anything."
Dean walked around the couch and brushed past Castiel into the passage, his boots stomping against the wood as he climbed up the set of stairs, and Castiel followed after him. He paused at the top of the stairs, and Castiel led him into the passage towards his bedroom.
"Maybe in your car. After that pie date. Sound good?" Castiel asked with a smile, and never before had he seen Dean Winchester so excited before.
"Eggs are burnin'," John yelled from the top of his lungs, and Dean's eyes widened with panic as he scampered into the kitchen and saw the light puff of smoke floating in the air. All the while, John sat stock-still, reading the news, completely unfazed, and Dean opened up the window clear the smoke out of the kitchen. Whatever. He'll have these for himself. He'll make Sam a new batch.
"Castiel, I—" Dr. Sunders sucked in a breath, "-I want you to know that you're very brave, okay? And the fact that you've opened up to me about something so personal and harrowing, it just proves that you're far from weak. Please don't let this hinder you in life. Sexual assault is something no one should have to go through, and yet, the fact that you're moving on, I'm extremely proud of you. Now see, as hospital policy, I'm not allowed to give out my cell phone number, but you're just a teenager, barely finished high school, and I can't leave you like this. This," Dr. Sunders fished out something from her pocket, and handed it to Castiel. It was a thin, white piece of paper, "-is my business card. The second number on it is my personal number. If you ever need a therapist, or maybe just an ear to listen, please feel free to reach out to me."
"Okay whatever," Dean rolled his eyes before mumbling a soft, "-idiot," And grabbed Castiel by the shoulders to turn him around, towards the door to the exit, "-now, we have to be at class in five."
"Why wouldn't I, Cas?" Dean's eyes softened, and a peculiar warmth seeped into his pupils as he stared down at Castiel. His nimble fingers brushed a strand of hair away from Castiel's forehead, and Castiel let himself lean into the touch. "—Cas, look, I can't begin to explain how much I want you in my life. And I'm gonna' fight tooth and nail to make sure you are. I see myself with you, ten, twenty, thirty, fifty years from now, and I still don't think I'll love you any less. But only if you're willing to be there too."
"Cas," He whispered, and dropped his head against Castiel's shoulder. Castiel sighed, but made no effort to move, "-I'm booooreddd—"
"For fuck sake," Dean growled, and before Castiel knew it, there were hands gripping his hips, yanking him out, and Castiel stumbled back, sitting on his butt, grinning to himself as he watched Dean crouch down and reach for the pen. He must have found it, because he pulled back and shoved the pen into Castiel's hand, "-loser," He grumbled, and Castiel noticed the swollen bulge in his jeans, but decided not to comment.
"My account on OnlyPics," Castiel started, and felt Dean's eyes glance at him from the side, "—I never meant to start an account. I found the app by coincidence, and I got obsessed with it. Maybe it's this, no-strings-attached validation that it gives me, but—" Tears stung Castiel's eyes as he stared out the window, "-but I just wanted to be noticed. To— to be important to someone. My parents they, they try to care, but they don't. I don't have any friends, and at this point, I'm too tired to make any. But sometimes, just sometimes, it feels good, when people— when people
Dean levelled Michael with a grin. "If it means winning, I'm afraid I'll have to be content with you hating me a little."
The door to their classroom clicked open, and in walked their homeroom teacher, Ms. Barnes, who taught them English as well. She set her binders down on the teacher's desk, and with her glasses set on the tip of her nose, turned to the class.
Meg's hazel-brown eyes softened, and she turned her gaze away, lips pursing for a moment. Castiel could tell she was hesitant, and he glanced down at Dean, sending him a look, as if to say
Their gazes held, and Castiel felt each word echo inside the depth of his chest, etching itself into his mind and heart. And the truth to Dean's words, it scared Castiel. Knowing Dean
Dean knew no one else could hear them with how low Castiel was speaking. Dean still blushed as red as a tomato.
Dean chuckled, and brushed a hand down Castiel's face to wipe a bead of sweat away. "You're gonna' have to go back, eventually, y'know."
"Well, you know what I say, only love makes a house turn into a home." Dean chimed in, and both Castiel and Sam giggled. "By the way, Sammy," He added, "—we wanted to make a website. Or like a forum. Think you can help us with it?"
Their eyes met for a short, heavy moment as the two of them panted for breath. Castiel eyed the finger before leaning in and sucking Dean's come clean from his finger.
"Dean, that's for me to decide, sweetheart." Castiel whispered, stepping out from behind Dean. Dean grabbed his arm, his eyes softening with concern and helplessness, but Castiel simply smiled at him. "I'll be fine, trust me. And I'll call for you if I need anything."
"I don't know," Cas laughed, in that shy, pure way he did sometimes when he was flustered, "—I just want him to be someone I can be proud of."
Mrs. Berry was a tall, broad woman, who radiated nothing but elegance, wisdom, and power. She was intimidating in a way Castiel had never known before. Her gaze was fierce, and when she looked at you, her eyes seemed to draw you in and coax you. If grown men had ended up fumbling before her, how was Castiel going to be alright? It was easy for the rest of them to push the responsibility onto Castiel, but when it came to speaking up, Castiel wasn't the best choice. And yet, he had to do this. He had to do this, he needed justice, his friends needed justice, the school needed justice.
"How did things go? With you and Novak, I mean." An expectant gleam shone in Benny's eyes, even under the dim, neon lights, and Dean wondered, almost sardonically, how things would have turned out between Castiel and him if he had even half of the hope in himself that Benny had in him.
Castiel fastened the pace, rocked his own lithe body with every other bob of his head, and joined his hands over the base of Dean's cock, stroking them up and down in tandem with his mouth. Dean clutched the seat of the Impala till his knuckles went white, a string of curses spilling past his lips as Castiel dropped his tongue out, strings of spit and precome dripping from it, and dived down to lap at Dean's cock.
"I tried to be strong." Castiel whispered, and clutched his hands around Dean's shirt. "I really did."
It was somewhere in the afternoon, and Castiel and Dean were lying nestled together on Castiel's bed— Dean shirtless and Castiel well, erm, pantless. They were sweaty, but the air conditioner had started to cool them down, and the bedsheets of course, were a mess. And even as Dean asked the question, his voice was laced with exhaustion.
"You were great, Cas. I'm so proud of you." Dean whispered into his hair, rubbing a soothing hand down Castiel's back. He felt Castiel's hands crumple his shirt.
"There are things you don't know, Dean, things Meg and I talk about in private. And look, you're my boyfriend, I get it, and you're worried about me, but I can look out for myself, and for the first time in ages, I have a friend— please, just, don't take that away from me."
Dean pulled away from their hug, dropping down in a crouch again to match his gaze to Castiel's. Dean stared at Castiel for a moment, simply watching, thinking, considering something, before he swallowed thickly, and his eyes dropped down to Castiel's lips. Castiel felt himself flush under Dean's gaze, absently licking his lips, but he couldn't miss the way Dean's eyes deepened at the sight of it. "Cas," Dean croaked out, low and hoarse, "—I really want to kiss you right now."
The scent of petrol and leather seats, the sound of the distant cars racing down the highway, the sight of trees dissolving into thin air as they drove away. Dean next to him, his hand in Castiel's, an old love song on the radio, an open window, a cool breeze, and nothing but time.
Dean quirked his lip, and slipped out of his seat and over to Castiel. The two of them stared at each other for a long moment before Castiel sighed. "What is it?"
Look, things weren't supposed to go this way. Benny was supposed to deal with the security, Dean was supposed to get the ammunition and the money, and Victor was supposed to deal with the police. But then, Benny fucked up, and now Dean had three patrol cars chasing after him. He never chose to be a fucking robber, okay? But the debt was hard, he got evicted, and Sammy's student loans needed to be paid. If Victor hadn't come up with the plot to rob the city bank, this would never have happened. Now their money had been stashed under a tree next to Dean's (used-to-be) apartment, and he was on the run from the cops, dressed in a tight, black t-shirt and black cargo pants, with his face covered by a half, black face mask.
Dean sat, shell-shocked for a moment at Castiel's gentle voice, as if he genuinely wanted to help Dean. Or maybe, he just always spoke to everyone like this. Kind. Patient. Advising. As disturbing as it was to admit, it was the first time in many years that somebody had said something to Dean so
"Cas," Dean started, loud and firm. His eyes were filled with conviction, and he crouched down before Castiel, much like he had on Saturday to comfort Castiel, "—this is your cause. We're just part of it. This is your dream. There's absolutely no one better than you to take it forward. So I want you to suck up all that self-doubting bullshit, and I want you to be the change this school needs. We need you, alright? There's a dozen other kids out there crying themselves to sleep, thinking they're worthless, thinking they don't matter, thinking they're alone. There's a bunch of people out there who have been wrecked by Alastair and his bullying, but you know who has the power to change their lives? You do. We're counting on you, Cas. And baby, I know this is a huge responsibility, but I also know that there's no one, and I mean, no one, who can carry it as well as you would." Dean's eyes bore into Castiel's, full of emotion and determination, and for once, Castiel felt calm. He felt capable. As if to judge what the others had to say, Castiel looked up to the rest of them, Anna, Benny, Meg— but in their eyes was only support and pride. And it warmed Castiel.
"Better than Picasso, baby." Castiel snorted, and felt Dean chuckle beside him. Benny and Meg were talking quietly about something in front of them, and Castiel nudged Dean in the side to catch his attention. He tipped his head over to the front, and the two of them watched as Meg and Benny laughed about something. Castiel smiled, but to his confusion, Dean frowned. "Benny's taken, man. He's with Andrea."
"Now I want you to trust me, alright, baby, and I'm going to make sure you feel good, 'kay?" Dean's voice was soft, coaxing, and Castiel was answering in the blink of an eye.
And so, Castiel did. But Dean wouldn't pick up. One call, two, three, four— Castiel called him eighteen times. But not once did Dean pick up. Not once did he return a call. And that had Castiel scared. Either Dean was sleeping, which was the milder scenario, or he was furious enough to not bother responding, and Castiel hoped it was anything but the second scenario.
Meg sucked in a loud, deep breath and pumped her shoulders before straightening up and looking back at Castiel. She shifted closer to him, and he could see she was trying to speak, trying to string together words, the same way Castiel had been on Friday night with Dean— unable to explain himself, and yet wanting nothing more than to scream his thoughts out to the world.
A soft sigh slipped past Dean's lips. He pushed his jacket down and let it fall to the ground. With soft, focused steps, he walked over to where Castiel lay, and carefully slipped onto the bed next to him. "Cas," He whispered, and brushed his finger over Castiel's jaw to turn his chin to the side.
"N-no, I mean, no, let's keep them on." Castiel buried his face against a pillow, and Dean held back a chuckle at how he could
cook for him, always tugged at his heart. And Dean went about cooking so effortlessly, humming and mumbling Zeppelin as he whisked the pancake batter, even utter silence between them had become comforting.
Both of them walked into Dean's house, and headed right into Dean's room. They tossed their schoolbags onto the floor, before falling back onto Dean's bed. Dean loosened his tie, and rolled up his sleeves, while Castiel simply unbuttoned the top few buttons of his shirt, and shucked his tie off.
"I— what happened to me?" Castiel asked, feeling a tell-tale thrumming of an oncoming headache in the back of his head.
"Can you just shut up?" Castiel snapped, and watched Dean's demeanor change. He snatched his bottle out of Dean's hand, and turned away, trying to hide the tears welling at the rim of his eyes as he filtered through the crowd, lips quivering and fingers trembling. He felt Dean follow after him, and shout out calls of, "
"Mrs. Novak, please, a small gift from me." Dean held the gift-basket out for Naomi, who paused and studied the basket, before turning her gaze up to Dean. She was quite tall for a woman, but shorter than Dean who had touched the six-foot mark already. A ghost of a smile lingered at her lips as she accepted the basket.
Castiel turned away, glad Dean had gone silent, since it allowed him a moment to change the song on his playlist. Tangerine faded into Black Dog, and Castiel smiled. It was one of his favourites, and he could listen to it for hours at end. But the action seemed to have caught Dean's attention, who pressed into Castiel's side and tried to peek into his phone, "-whatcha' listenin' to? Your little fruity, gay music?" He laughed, "-Lady Gaga? Madonna?"
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean, and Dean laughed. Castiel had this adorable, strange thing he did when he didn't understand something. He tilted his head to the side and squinted his eyes, as if trying to figure it out, and it never failed to make Dean smile, "-is it not a valid enough reason for me to care about you?" He asked, with his signature head tilt, and honestly, how would Dean even argue against him?
Dean seemed to grin at that, rather wickedly, as he fastened his pace, and with a deep, heavy thrust, stilled inside Castiel, cock twitching for a second, before he came, sending another load of come gushing through Castiel's insides, hot, thick white semen streaming out from around Dean's cock as Dean pulled out, and pressed a kiss to Castiel's hair. Castiel sighed, and went limp against the desk, as Dean reached a hand down to work his cock to a release.
"The more we stall talking to Berry, the more we lose out on time before Alastair is back. It's now or never," Castiel said, and turned back to the monitor. Another confession came in, and Castiel clicked on it to read it.
A sudden vibration in his hands caught him by surprise, and he glanced down at his phone, only to find his screen lit up with a picture of Castiel, a picture he'd taken one evening in the car with Castiel. Castiel was digging into a hamburger, and his cheeks were rosy, his hair was a mess, and his eyes gleamed in the twilight sun. For some reason, Dean had wanted to capture the moment forever, and he'd pulled out his phone to click a picture. He would never add the fact however, that Castiel had flicked him in the head right after.
It wasn't until Castiel had slipped into his own sweatshirts that he noticed Dean rummaging through one of his drawers. He was tempted to ask him what he was doing, but at the same time, curious to know why Dean had chosen that one specific drawer to scour through, when at once, he turned to face Castiel. Their eyes met, before Castiel dropped his gaze down to where Dean was holding Castiel's mini first-aid kit in his hands.
"Winchester? Never thought I'd see you here. But I'm glad you came. Party's just getting started. Wanna' join?" He taunted. Dean glared at him for a moment, nostrils flaring and teeth clicking, before his eyes flickered to the side where Castiel was watching him, a strange mixture of shame and guilt in his eyes as a tear streamed down his face.
They bid Dr. Sunders goodbye, and walked out of the hospital corridors and into the lobby. Castiel bought the medicines he needed from the in-house pharmacy, and they made their way into the parking lot, where Dean helped Castiel into the passenger seat before slipping into the driver's seat.
he was. Calm, bright, steady— he was everything Dean had ever needed, would ever need. He was everything and so much more. For him, Dean realised, he would change. He would give up anything and everything Castiel hated, and he would try to be the man Castiel deserved.
"Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes— for your cock— please, stop teasing— just fuck me already, please—" Castiel gasped out, and Dean stood up to his feet, singlehandedly pulling his dick out of his cargo pants.
A hand swooped down to grab the notepad from Castiel's hands, and he watched, dumbstruck, as Dean leaned over Mr. Singer's desk and started scribbling away at the notepad with a pen. "So," Dean started, as he looked up to meet Mr. Singer's eyes, "—Bobby, this is what we're going for. Start out with amassing people." Dean drew something on the notepad, but Castiel couldn't tear his eyes away from Dean. He watched, completely
, came inside him. His eyes flashed white, and every single thought in his mind dissipated as he fluttered his eyes open and glanced down at the sticky, wet mess of come on his fingers.
The plug fell to the ground, and Castiel's fingers, now slippery from lube and Dean's old, still thick come in his ass, reached back to hook through Dean's tie, as he yanked Dean closer, and ghosted his lips over Dean's ear.
"Oh, by the way, I stole some of your fries, sorry 'bout that." Dean snorted, and the tension between them seemed to dissipate with those few words. Castiel chuckled, and stole a forkful of pie off of Dean's plate, stuffing it into his mouth with his eyes right on Dean, who looked aghast. Castiel grinned, and bounced his shoulder, continuing to stuff his face with his cheeseburger as Dean pouted.
"Thank you for the meal, Mrs. Novak, Mr. Novak. I'll take my leave now. And I'm sorry. I shouldn't have acted out of line. It's just— I've seen Castiel cry many more times than he's laughed. And I've always hated it. Part of me thought I could change that. But I keep forgetting my place."
It wasn't until Castiel brought a hand up to turn Dean's chin to the side that he realised how long and
"Cas, just take a breath, man, okay? Calm down. I'm not mad, I mean, I was, heck, I even thought of calling it quits—" Castiel froze at Dean's words, unable to hold back a round of tears as he buried his face in his hand.
Castiel shifted off the bed, and walked over to the door, however, before he could leave, Dean reached out to grab him by the wrist, and Castiel jerked around.
Steadying his breath and adjusting his uniform, Castiel walked out of the stall, washing his hands at the sink purely out of habit, before walking over to the locked door. His polished black leather boots clacked on the tiled floor as he scuttered out of the bathroom and turned, eyes glued to his own shoes, when at once, a voice broke through the air, and Castiel froze.
Dean cleared his throat, and adjusted his blazer. He threw a glance at Castiel, who— well, he looked like an absolute trainwreck. And too goddamn sexy, with his wild hair, pink face, swollen lips and hooded eyes.
, but all he could do was sit and stare at his own pathetic reflection on the polished wooden table. It must have been a few seconds after, when Castiel sighed and without turning to Dean, addressed him.
Dean blinked up at Castiel, stunned at first, before grinning and pushing himself up to kneel between Castiel's wide, open legs. "There's my Cas— there's that
"Who studies on a break?" Dean laughed, and tossed the book back into Castiel's hands before slipping down next to him, and fishing something out of his pocket. Castiel sighed, and scooted to the side, although he realised Dean had sandwiched him between his body and the wall.
like him, especially after he'd failed to keep Castiel safe, "-you came before it was too late. Thank you," Castiel muttered, lips still trembling, "-thank you for coming back."
Castiel grazed his fingers against the marble-tiled wall of the vacant, sunlit men's bathroom, and shut the door behind him with a soft click, before slipping into the farthest stall and shutting himself in. He fished his phone out of his pocket and tapped on the round, heart-shaped icon on the homescreen.
Castiel swallowed thickly. Goosebumps had begun to dot his skin. Dean stared up at the ceiling blankly.
Dean, Cas had held him back. He'd fucking held him back, and Alastair had laughed in Dean's face, and all Dean had done was stand there like a fucking pussy, not able to say anything or do anything to Alastair for the shit he'd put Dean's Cas through. Whether Castiel liked it or not, he was Dean's— had always been Dean's, and would always be Dean's. And Dean would
"Like," Castiel thought out loud, and Dean watched him with narrow eyes, "-like meditation, yoga, exercise, jerking off, I guess, who knows."
"Mr. Singer wants me to re-do it," He said after a moment, and Castiel blinked his teary eyes up to look at Dean, who pushed himself off the couch, and turned around to meet Castiel's eyes, "-you know what that means?"
Quietly, the class shuffled out of the classroom, dispersing into the corridors until Castiel was the only one left. Dean waited back for him. He walked over to Castiel's desk, and without a word, pulled the boy in for a hug.
"Mother," Castiel shouted, almost enraged, but Dean couldn't help but snap back at Naomi. Each second had Dean's blood boiling, especially now that she had taken it to Mary.
"I hate meeting you like this." Dean whispered before a kiss, when Castiel pulled him in by the neck once again. And yet, in the back of his mind, he felt a pang of regret at Dean's words. He wasn't fond of their trysts at the library either, partly because convenient as they were, they left a gaping hole in Castiel's heart when they made him realise how all he could do to see the person he loved with his body and soul, was visit him a few times a month, illicitly at that. It was suffocating. The thrill of it had worn off, and Castiel would give anything to live a day where he could walk outside, hand in hand with Dean.
Silence settled between them again, reminding them they were still somewhat strangers, when at last, Meg spoke up.
"What are you trying to do? You're making fun of me, aren't you? It's all just for show," Castiel sobbed, unable to hold back as a river of tears streamed down his face, and he brought his hands up to bury his face in them, shoulders jerking as he cried, "-you know what you're doing, aren't you? You know that I love you, and you're trying to make fun of me for it, aren't you?"
"Yeah?" Dean prompted, and Castiel cowered against the door, sinking into his shoulders as he realised his mistake.
And with that, the pair went quiet again, simply letting the sound of music engulf them, until the sound of the front door opening and slamming shut brought both boys out of their reverie.
A glint of determination gleamed within Mr. Singer's eyes, and he leaned forward to set his elbows on his desk.
"Keep moving," Castiel urged with a nod, and before he knew it, Dean was catching onto a soft, rhythmic pace of thrusting back and forth.
Dean snapped his hips into Castiel one last time, deep and hard, and came. Inside him, Castiel felt Dean's come bloating up the condom with his thick, warm, and heavy release. They stayed like that for a moment, simply breathing in each other's breath, resting their face against each other, before Dean pulled out, slow and steady. Castiel felt his hole begin to tighten as Dean backed out of it, inch by inch. Castiel squeezed his legs shut once Dean was out, and watched as Dean tied up the condom and tossed it into a bin beside the bed.
Castiel licked his lips once, caught off-guard by Deans sudden insistence, and he set his burger down. He wiped his hands on a tissue and composed himself, before turning back up to Dean.
"I— I think I'm going to die— tell— tell Sammy I love him— and my car— tell my Baby— tell her I love—"
"Let's eat hamburgers. I love hamburgers," Castiel mused, and felt Dean's hand slip into his on Castiel's thigh.
"What the— Anna, the hell are you talking about?" Fear caught Dean's words in his throat. No, this wasn't supposed to happen. Castiel— Castiel looked at Dean as if he'd stabbed him in the chest with a knife. "Anna, you're not saying I—? You know I would never—"
"Alright, class, pens out, let's get some notes down," Ms. Barnes said at last, and Castiel let his eyes wander over to her, blinking back the urge to cry. Absently, his eyes wandered down to his wrist, and he rubbed the sleeve of his uniform over his pulse, before glancing back up at Ms. Barnes.
"Me too," Dean sighed, and snuck a hand over Castiel's thigh. Castiel leaned into his shoulder to press a kiss to his face, to which Dean simply smiled. They pulled out of their parking spot, and onto the main road again. Somehow, Castiel noted, going back always seemed quicker than coming somewhere. Perhaps it was because the roads had become familiar to Castiel, but be what it may, they reached home too soon, sooner than Castiel pleased, and he sighed when Dean paused in front of his house.
came from both Meg and Dean, and Castiel smiled before hopping up on the counter and grabbing a spoonful of ice-cream.
Silence infiltrated their conversation, until Dean sighed, and dropped down to the ground, huddling his knees to his chest as he rested his head against the tree. Benny dropped down next to him, and sat with his legs crossed, facing Dean with a fond smile on his face, which for the record, Dean hated seeing.
Castiel didn't deserve Dean. Castiel deserved better. Someone who stood up for him, someone who never chickened out from a fight. Someone who understood him, asked him how he was, someone who could open up to him, be gentle to him. And Dean? Dean was nowhere near the bar Castiel had set. Maybe, he never would be.
The heat in his gut seared through him, and he grabbed Castiel by the hips, and pushed him off in a fit of frustration and rage. He knew the men around him, who had once been rubbing their dicks at the sight of Castiel, were now looking at him perplexed and confused, as if saying
Castiel dug his knee into the sofa on either side of Dean's hips until he was straddling the man so that Dean's crotch pressed up right against the curve of Castiel's ass.
"For what?" Castiel let out a frigid chuckle, watching as Dean's eyes met his at last, "-you haven't done anything wrong."
, I'll be taking your leave." Castiel grabbed a pair of his sneakers, and crouched down to slip them over his feet, only for Naomi to come after him and grab him by the shoulder. She shoved him up, compelling him to stare right into her eyes.
, Dean groaned to himself. All at once, the air had become quite thick, and the room (or maybe it was Dean himself) had grown much warmer. He didn't want to, but he couldn't breathe clearly in the coarse fabric of the mask, so he took it off, and let it sit at the table. He wasn't blind to the way Castiel stared at his face, dreamy and something lewd, and Dean preened at the boy's attention.
I'm in the middle of a lot school stress, so I must also focus on that. Thank you for your lovely comments and support! 😄🥰
"Novak, loosen up a bit," Victory slurred out, and tugged at the tie on Castiel's neck. Castiel seemed to be taken aback, and tried to push Victor away, but with both of their co-ordination damaged by the alcohol, it became more of Castiel holding Victor by the hand.
At last, the door creaked open a smidge, and from within, Dean caught a trace of Castiel's bruised face. Castiel gasped, and let the door swing open at once. Dean stared at him. Castiel stared at Dean. He watched as Castiel's weary blue eyes roamed across his face, studying the few scratches Alastair must have left on his skin, and for a second that their eyes met, Dean let out a shaky breath.
, as Castiel grinned, and cupped a hand over Dean's jaw, pressing his nose against Dean's cheek as they rocked against the table.
"You're brave, Castiel. Just for being here. Just for not backing down when the world expected you to. You're a fighter, Cas, and it just goes to prove that you don't need brawn to be strong. You're trying to change the world, step by step, and honestly, I just wish I could be as brave as you are, son."
Finding clothes that would fit Dean proved to be much more taxing than Castiel thought, because the only pants he fit into were Castiel's old sweatpants that had gone too lose from being washed over and over again. Of course, Dean being Dean, and also a bitch, he decided to roam around Castiel's house shirtless. Whatever, Castiel was thankful for the eye candy.
If only he hadn't left. If only he would have stayed, if only he would have been with Cas, maybe none of this would have ever happened. How could he have been so fucking
Dean snorted, before pressing his face into Castiel's shoulder. "Eh, you've always been unpredictable to me. No matter how much I try, no matter how close I feel I am to you, I always feel like there's this distance between us, and I can't do anything to cross over it."
". In those moments, however, with his knees spread apart by the man's thigh, and a strange hand rubbing at his tiny, clothed cock, Castiel had never felt more vulgar. Maybe it was because something about the man not caring about whether Castiel wanted it or not, simply giving it to Castiel, taking control of him— it was turning Castiel on.
"You're so big, boss," Castiel whined, and sucked the tip of Dean's cock, "—are you going to fuck my face? Use me like the whore I am?"
Wide, awestruck blue eyes stared up at Dean, and he watched as the black of Castiel's pupils seeped into the blue, and
With his heart pounding in his head, Dean swiped up, relieved to know and realise that Castiel had called him first, which meant Castiel
The twink hummed under his breath, a song Dean didn't know, and glided around the kitchen, blissfully unaware of Dean's eyes tracking his every move. Maybe he was
The pressure that had already curled in Dean's gut only shot up at an alarming pace, and Dean tried his best to hold back. But instead of finishing in Castiel's mouth, like Castiel expected him to, Dean pulled out and stepped back, yanking Castiel up to his feet.
Dean sucked in a breath. His chest was beating; pounding, and his movements stern yet trembling as he grabbed a random book from the shelf, for the sake of being casual, and tossed it on the table a few feet away, "-wh-what kind of man w-would you want t-to date?"
"What was that?" Dean asked, crowding Alastair against the wall as the music dimmed down around them, and a crowd moulded itself around Dean. Somewhere from the midst of the crowd Dean watched as Nick charged at him. If it weren't for the flash of Castiel's miserable, broken eyes in Dean's mind, he wouldn't even be able to land a punch right, but oddly enough, it kept him going, and he grabbed Nick by the arm, twisting it and throwing his fist straight at his nose, watching as Nick coughed out, and a drizzle of blood dripped down his nose.
, Dean was only human. How could he resist Castiel's ass when it looked like one of the juiciest peaches he'd ever seen?
"Fliers, discussions. Look trust me, apart from Alastair and a select few people in our grade, nobody likes him. The plan is to create an anti-bullying club, form a class forum, and let people come forward with their statements. We can have some be anonymous as well." Castiel said, to which Dean hummed. They turned into the familiar lanes of Dean's neighborhood.
"Alastair had hacked Dean's Instagram. He told me himself. He said Winchester was too dumb to ever figure it out. I wanted to tell you, Dean, I swear I did, but Alastair kept blackmailing me. He asked me to do his school work for the whole year, or he'd leak my nudes on the internet." Tears laced Anna's words.
"No, I mean, Cas isn't scared of me. Wait," Dean gulped, feeling his stomach flood with nausea, "-is he?"
"The names, the events, the evidence. I'm going to need at least ten people supporting you, and acting as witnesses. I need teachers as witnesses too. So, names. And I can't guarantee I will suspend Alastair Knight."
Even as Dean shut his eyes, all he could picture was the sight of Alastair towering over Cas, with a predatory hunger in his eyes. Dean couldn't let that happen. Dean would never let it happen.
"Fuck, right there—" Dean gasped, and pulled Castiel down on his cock, keeping his face buried against Dean's crotch, nose brushing the trimmed bush of pubes. Castiel choked for a moment, and tears welled at the rims of his gorgeous blue eyes as Dean felt his cock twitch inside Castiel, before he yanked the younger man back, and watched Castiel's freshly fucked face staring up at him.
, and climbing off the bed to stretch his own arms. He yawned, and rubbed at his eyes before focusing them on Dean again. Dean smiled, and pressed a kiss to his head before turning to the en-suite bathroom.
A few eyes snapped over to Dean, but he simply kept his gaze fixed to his desk. A few moments of rustling later, the class commenced, and Mrs. Barnes got into a discussion about queer-coded characters in classic literature, which wasn't even a part of their syllabus, but without Alastair and his gang to throw slurs in the midst of the discussion, it really did end up being interesting. It also made Dean regret ever calling Castiel slurs, like fag, because hey, he was trying to be rude and harsh, but he shouldn't have done that. It wasn't like he was always possessive about Castiel. Before they were friends, he genuinely couldn't care less about him, and when he'd found him on OnlyPics, he realised just how much he could threaten the nerd with the pictures. Now though, things had changed. They were far from where they were a few months ago.
"It's not just about you, Dean. I— I've been meaning to talk to you about something." Castiel admitted, and Dean reached out to take his hands into his own. Castiel turned to Dean, so small and scared for a moment, almost reminding Dean of Sammy when he was a child and afraid of monsters under his bed. Castiel started, his lip plump and trembling in a pout, before he broke into a sob. "I—"
, ain't that what you said about me, Alastair? What happened now? Aren't you going to fight back? I mean," Dean chuckled, "-I
"Bobby," Dean let out a dry chuckle, "—what world do you want to hide me from? A world where my mother died when I was four, or the world where my father gets drunk off his ass and beats me up every week? Or the world where I have to work to my bone at dad's garage to make money for myself and Sam? What world do you want to hide me from?"
At that, Castiel let out a loud yelp, and snapped his head back at Dean— his eyes wide and seething with fury and confusion, until he saw Dean naked from the waist below. And come on, Castiel was a slut. He didn't need it to be written down for him, he knew exactly what Dean wanted to do. His mouth dropped open, ready to protest, but Dean simply cocked an eyebrow at him, which made him shut up with an angry
"Disgusting," Dean spat, "-I ain't a cocksucker like you. Thinking of you is the last thing I'd get off to."
by his boyfriend, who seemed to ramble on to Bobby about their plan. Castiel felt Mr. Singer's eyes study him for a few moments, but he couldn't bother to care as he stared up at Dean.
His jaw ached with how tight he had locked it, and he clenched his fists, trying to hold back a scream. He wanted to punch something,
"I hate you," He grumbled, and turned away from Dean, letting the tears at his eyes stream down his face unabashedly as he squirmed his hand out of Dean's grip, but Dean wouldn't let him go.
The sickening stench of alcohol, the distant laughter, the hands on his body— too many to distinguish them, the nails scratching at his skin, the knuckles bruising his face, the fingers yanking at his clothes, the loud noise of fabric tearing, the blurred vision, tears, shouts, screams— until his throat had gone hoarse.
All these words, all these things he'd been bottling up for the past seventeen years— sure, they were merely the tip of the iceberg, but even then, saying them out loud allowed a pang of complete, absolute freedom to course through him. And now that he had nothing to be afraid of, he stuffed his hands in his pocket, and made his way down the neighborhood. Of course, Dean lived about twenty minutes away in a different locality, but Castiel didn't care. As long as it would take, he would go. Even if it took him all night, Castiel would make sure to reach Dean. Because he had to apologize. He had to set things right. He had to hold onto Dean.
Standing at Castiel Novak's door at four in the evening with a bunch of books in his hands was not what Dean had planned for his Sunday. He thought he would cook himself a big ole' American brunch, watch some porn, jerk off, and eventually, study. But that's not what he did. The moment he woke up, John had pestered him about lazing around, and Dean found out they were out of eggs and coffee. His laptop crashed, and he realised watching porn was out of question. Of course, that didn't stop him from jerking off, he had quite the imagination, but when it came to studying, the second he opened his notebook, his mind went as blank as a slate, and he sighed, waited for two seconds, before deciding to walk over to Novak's house, and ask him to tutor him. Of course, it wouldn't be
"Must be Sammy," Dean grunted as he lifted himself off the bed and walked out the door. Castiel let out a breath, and finally, sat at the edge of the bed. Talking to Dean about what he wanted— it was liberating and gave Castiel a much required insight into Dean. Somewhere in the back of his petulant mind, he wished he could be part of Dean's future. He wanted to be. He wanted Dean, at that moment, and for every moment after. Because if not for Dean, Castiel wasn't sure how longer he could keep himself going. Sure, they were working hard to get Alastair suspended, and all of it was quite a feat, but even then, Castiel couldn't help but think of the sheer pain coursing through his body at the mere thought of Alastair. His hands, his thighs, his face— everything hurt when he thought of it, some kind of muscle memory, and he was trying to be strong, trying to pretend he was alright, but he knew some day, he would have to let it out. And he didn't want Dean seeing it. Because it would only hurt Dean, and Dean had already been through enough.
Silence lingered in the air for a few seconds, before Michael nodded. "Not bad, not bad for a kid at all. How about dates—"
"As you may have known already, three students from our class have been hospitalised for a few days, Alastair Knight, Nick Morningstar, and Gordon Walker. I don't know how, I don't know why, I don't know when. It was beyond school premises, so frankly, I couldn't care less if one of you beat them up—" Somebody whistled, Benny maybe, and Mrs. Barnes sent him a look, "—that being said, I do hope you all wish them well and provide them with notes if need be."
"Of course," Dean smiled, and stepped away. Castiel watched as Benny and Meg stole a quick glance at each other, before turning their eyes away. Castiel stepped back, and let the four of them gather around behind him, before he turned back to knock on Mr. Singer's door. A few seconds passed, before at last, the door swung open, and at the front stood Mr. Singer, slightly rumpled, but otherwise fine.
It must have been a few minutes of Dean rummaging through the kitchen for something to munch on when Castiel sighed, and whined out loud.
"Why did you think I wouldn't?" Dean asked, eyes narrowing in confusion and concern, and Castiel faltered, mouth dropping open to reply only to shut it again. Maybe he wanted to say something. Dean wished he knew what Castiel was thinking. "Cas, I," An exasperated sigh slipped past Dean's lips as he swallowed tightly, "-I'm sorry I couldn't be there for you when you needed it. But I promise, from now on, you'll never have to be alone ever again. Ever. I'm going to make sure nothing bothers you, I'm gonna' make sure to rip apart anyone who tries to hurt you, I'm gonna'— I'm gonna' be good to you, I swear—"
Early surprise. Previous update date was 10th February, but I finished these two chapters earlier, so here you go. 😄
"— this foul, filthy boy with no aim in his life, with only cockiness and attitude to fill the void of parents, and money, and values—"
"Hey, talk to me, please," Dean urged him on, now pulling away to cup his hands across Castiel's jaw, letting a vague smile pull at his lips to reassure Cas, "—you're my strong boy, Cas, please, just this once, tell me what it was."
A strong hand gripped his jaw and thick, slender fingers dug into his skin, almost leaving a bruise, compelling him to look up. It was Alastair, and his face had inched closer to Castiel's, so close Castiel could smell his stale, disgusting breath, and he winced at the pain stinging his skin.
"Tight little teen cunt. Man, I got lucky," he laughed under his breath, and his fingers pounded into Castiel's dry pucker, the only thing giving a fraction of smoothness being the sweat between Castiel's ass. Castiel bit his lip, arching off the wall behind him into the man's touch, as the pervert panted into his shoulder and fingered his greedy, quivering hole. Oh god, oh— Castiel's gut tightened, and he felt his orgasm creep to his cock. No, no, no, he couldn't walk with a come stain on his jeans, but the pervert in front of him made no effort to take responsibility.
They pulled away for a breath of air, and Castiel's eyes went wide with arousal, but the moment they met Dean's, he faltered, and turned away, burying his face in the pillow. Dean let himself regain his breath, before glancing down at the first trace of his cock beginning to swell. He cursed himself, before pushing a palm into his crotch and turning onto his side.
Thirty-minutes later, Castiel stood shivering at the Winchester's door. The walk had been slow, but steady, and only the sheer amount of determination in Castiel's mind had helped him reach here. Walking up the driveway of the Winchester's house had been nothing short of a finishing a marathon. He thought of ringing the buzzer, but decided against it, since he knew the wreck that was John Winchester would be awake, and Castiel showing up uninvited would raise suspicion. Instead, he did the one thing he was sure would work. He pulled out his phone, tapped on Sam's contact, and held the phone to his ear. Sam picked up after a single ring.
"Well, if you think I've changed my perception of you, you'll be happy to know that I haven't, and that I still think you're an asshole."
One finger became two, and they rubbed over Castiel's tiny, pink hole, pushing in without any warning, as Castiel gasped, and held onto the pervert's shoulders.
Dean grunted, and fucked his hips up against Castiel's lap, trying to find friction against the crack of Castiel's ass and his cock. Castiel, in turn, simply gave Dean the most lewd, inappropriate of looks, and brought Dean's hand up to his mouth. One glance at Dean, before he sucked Dean's middle finger into his mouth, bobbing his head on it like he were blowing someone.
