‘Come quietly and we won’t have to. Put your hands up where I can see them,’ he says.
‘You think he likes me?’ the man’s voice is vulnerable and Tony is a little surprised at the tone. ‘But I’m a fucking mess. He can’t like someone like me. There is absolutely nothing about this freak show that anyone would be interested in.’
‘Are you sure this is a good idea, Peter?’ his AI asks. ‘Shouldn’t you wait for the rest of the team?’
‘We’re over the other side of the prison,’ Steve’s voice replies. ‘Tony what the hell is going on?’
‘You seem very keen to get rid of us for someone who doesn’t know the people we’re after,’ the first man says.
He glances back at Proxima. ‘Like Bruce just said: you’re in trouble now,’ he grins.
‘Peter can,’ Natasha says, ‘he’s less likely to get frost bite.’
‘We are not having this conversation every time someone says something to me you don’t like,’ Peter ignores Bucky’s question and pushes past the super soldier. ‘Where’s Wade anyway?’
‘Vanko? Wait, that means this is made with-’
The ex-assassin laughs. ‘If you insist.’
‘Hey, what’s-’ is the only surprise they’re able to register before three thuds hit the ground.
It’s surprising how quickly he’s become accustomed to the new coolness, in a way it’s comforting, as if he’s been coping with the temperature too high for his whole life without even knowing it could be cooled down. He sighs, resisting the urge to bury into the covers, knowing there is a lot that needs to be accomplished today, and opens his eyes, blinking in the morning light.
‘Yep. There’s all sorts in here. We’ve even got some Avengers ones in here somewhere.’
‘I’m still getting over the fact I didn’t realise two of my best friends were meeting up for coffee and were good friends without me knowing about it.’
‘Hey, come on kid. It takes more than a couple of HYDRA goons to keep me down. I’ve faced alien armies, a guy with fire breathing abilities, and not to mention you giving me a scare every other day. I highly doubt someone like Justin Hammer is going to be the one to finish me off.’
Quill opens the window enough for Sam to be able to fly through, before following him out and the two of them speed across the air to the cover of the trees. Wanda’s plan had been very simple really: everyone on their team had strengths which lent themselves to outmanoeuvring their opponents, so they’d been given basically free reign to make their way towards the other team’s flag. Wanda has stayed with their flag, arguing she should be able to contain anyone who came to try and take it; Valkyrie, Wade and Rhodes are guarding the front door, and Carol the back door. Mantis had offered to patrol the corridors in case anyone managed to slip through; Natasha and Steve had gone in the opposite direction to them. No one was entirely sure where Hope had disappeared to.
‘I won’t need long,’ Peter assures him, face determined. ‘I know where they are and I can run the fastest out of everyone.’
‘I’ll look into it, I hadn’t done much testing in a quiet place so I wasn’t sure how much the noise would be noticeable.’
Loki relays the message to Bucky. ‘Yes they are doing well. They are asking if you’d had any luck with the communications. I have told them no.’
‘Yeah, we’re all here Nat. Me, Bruce, Tony and Rhodey. How’s everyone this side?’ his tone is still soft, as if speaking to a frightened animal. She gives herself a shake and, taking a deep breath, pulls herself together.
‘What?’ Peter looks up in confusion.
Strange looks at his trembling hands and nods. ‘Please,’ he says quietly. Loki nods and takes the doctor’s offered hands and frowns in concentration. Tony and Sam look on in silence, and Tony feels strangely humble at being able to watch this exchange; after a few minutes Loki releases Strange’s hands and he can see they don’t tremble quite so hard as before.
‘Would you like me to get FRIDAY to give you updates on my toilet trips now?’ Tony snaps.
The last couple of days had been a continuation of preparing more of the food and decorations, but Thor decided this morning that it was time to start teaching the others the Yule dances; his enthusiasm had overridden his patience and so he had convinced Valkyrie to help him try to teach the others.
Hammer reaches the end of the words and closes the book again. ‘Soldier?’
‘I don’t know. Hey what’s the Scarlet Witch like?’
A/N: Hi everyone! Thank you so much for all the continued support you guys are absolutely incredible and I love you all. I hope you enjoy this chapter as much as the previous ones, we're definitely on the home straight for this story now. Please let me know what you think of this chapter, and as always if you have any requests for stories or scenes then let me know.
‘Fine by me,’ he replies, pulling Tony closer against him.
There’s a small, genuine smile on Tony’s face now. ‘Alright,’ he presses a kiss to Steve’s lips that he has to resist chasing when Tony pulls away. ‘Then I have two conditions.’
The Avengers' enemies discuss what they know of their leader's plans
‘You gave us back our daughters,’ the mother says, looking at him with tears in her eyes, ‘and you gave me back my husband. Now this and your offer to help my son…I’m sorry this country didn’t accept you when you first came back, and thank you for everything.’
comes the reassuring response. -
‘What happened?’ Sam asks.
‘Mr Stark, as much as I appreciate you wanting to support your protégé,’ the doctor says, ‘if you over-exert yourself you’ll set back your recovery. And I’m pretty sure you don’t want
‘Since when have you been doing press conferences about the Avengers?’ Rhodes frowns.
He opens his mouth to protest some more, but finds his shoulders are a little less tense than normal as they head towards the garage. Instead he shrugs. ‘You’re not driving.’
‘So you’re a performing monkey for them?’ Bucky asks, frown still present on his face.
‘Please be discrete, Tony,’ May begs as she hangs up.
‘Please tell me you have a way to record this,’ Steve smirks at Rhodes, who he now notices has his phone out.
‘Well at least they’ve agreed to the plan,’ Tony sighs in relief, ‘I’ll admit I was expecting Steve to be a little more stubborn about it. He usually is unless he’s the one who made the plan.’
A/N: Hi everyone. So I hope you enjoyed this chapter, I tried to break up some of the more serious (and possibly more boring!) talk about the new Accords with some more interesting interactions. Tony and Wade finally having a chat about Peter for one!
of energy, and make sure he’s still tired for tomorrow. ‘I’m sure you could, Pool,’ he turns, grinning despite the mask covering his face, to his boyfriend, ‘but I’m not sure you’d want Widow catching you suggesting what I think you are.’
He can’t quite place the emotion behind the words, but it makes him turn and sit down on the edge of the building with a sigh. Deadpool doesn’t move closer as he explains, keeping as much identifiable information out as possible. ‘People died because I didn’t have my
‘Can I charge my phone? Forgot to take my fucking charger.’
to make, babe,’ he apologises. ‘I’ll leave all the others until later or tomorrow.’
‘What?!’ Peter shouts, jumping to his feet, his hands clenching into fists at his side. ‘You bastards-’
The dark haired god laughs bitterly. ‘Asgardians are hardly going to follow a
She looks up at the sound of Clint’s voice and tries not to cry as the archer pulls her into a tight hug.
I hope you are all staying safe and well during the lockdown.
‘Oh no,’ Rhodes’ voice is dangerous, and Steve notices Tony shoot his friend a worried glance. ‘Tony Stark I swear if you are pulling all-nighters again I swear to God-’
‘Look, Baby Boy,’ Wade’s the one to try and diffuse the situation, ‘I get what you’re saying, but it’s not like wizard boy has been trying to make friends since we beat Big and Ugly.’
‘You got that right,’ Natasha says. ‘Now give the kid a hot chocolate, Sam, otherwise you’ll never hear the end of it.’
‘I thought we had the competition right?’ his voice uncertain.
He catches Thor’s eye and manages not to laugh. ‘Brother, Thanos is not yet arrived. But before we go any further, I have something for you. Call your hammer.’
‘Yeah yeah, whatever,’ he replies, rolling his eyes at Peter, giving the boy’s hair a ruffle as he climbs out. ‘Oh and Pete?’ he says as he gets into the front and closes the door. ‘We’re telling Tony when we get back. I’m not keeping this from him anymore if you’re getting physically bullied now.’
‘Hey that looks interesting, are those old Norse runes?’ the teen points at some of the pictures from the dig site.
‘Steve, get the hell out of there!’ Tony’s worried voice breaks through the fog in his brain. Fortunately for him otherwise he’d have had the full force of a vibranium fist to his nose. On the defensive in a way he hasn’t been for a long time, all Steve can do is duck and weave and dodge; he’s lost track of Natasha and Clint, and all he can think about is the last thing his friend had asked him.
‘You would be correct,’ Lautenus replies, ‘you have no alternative. Though perhaps I should inform you of the rules of the combat.’
‘Woah. Hold on a second there, kid,’ Tony smiles at him. ‘Before we talk about that I want to talk about Beck.’
‘If you’re still kissing me like that in a couple of months’ time
‘I’ll take that as a yes. My name is Justin Hammer,’ he holds out his hand, ‘I’m here to offer you a job.’
‘WHAT?!?’ Peter shouts. ‘I was asking you for months to join the team, now Loki asks you once and you’re actually considering it?’
Tony chuckles. ‘You need to be a little more natural, just relax and enjoy it.’
‘Why do I have a bad feeling?’ Rhodes asks.
Bucky has always known that Wade has a talent for chaos. Hell he’d faced the guy himself as the Winter Soldier and had paid for letting him mess up the mission on more than one occasion. Seeing it when he was on the same side as the merc, though, gave him a new appreciation for it.
‘And you may have already met them but this is Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes.’ The other two occupants stand up from where they’ve been sitting on the couch.
‘Oh I wasn’t saying he wasn’t at fault for it, Dr Banner, I know that both you and he worked to give Ultron the chance to come to life,’ Peter sighs in relief as one arm comes free, ‘ah that’s so much better! Gah!’
‘Even if he doesn’t I do,’ Valkyrie rolls her eyes, ‘we’ll be fine. Now can we please get this show on the road? Any mushy goodbyes and I might rip someone’s throat out.’
‘What-’
. It was terminal and Vanessa and I had tried everything. Spent our savings going around the world, but nothing worked. Then someone approached me, here in this bar actually, and offered me a way out; I left Vanessa before she could talk me out of it and went to sign up, hoping I could go back to her when it was all done.’
dirty, and his feet aren’t sticking to the floor yet so he considers that a bonus. His spidey-senses are telling him to be wary, but nothing that suggests he needs to run out the door.
‘No worries, kid, I’m just sorry it was a bit of a rougher landing than intended.’
Bucky nods again. ‘Yeah. It came up before you all came back. But he doesn’t feel the same way about me.’
He nearly misses him, but something makes him look up on his way out of the one hanger and he spots a rather dejected looking shape sat on the ceiling.
Tony opens his mouth, but genuinely can’t get his brain to function enough to form words.
has all the information; you sent me to lead a mission without knowing all the parameters.’
‘What’s wrong with Norway?’
‘I’m not going to like this am I?’ Steve sighs, tone very reminiscent of one he often uses on Tony. Peter’s not sure whether he should feel proud or not.
‘The Soul Stone has been lost for eons,’ Thor explains, ‘so that at least is safe from him. We have the other three here and we need to make sure he does not get them.’
, Stark,’ Bucky’s voice rises as he continues to talk. Then, in a much softer, more broken tone: ‘I killed your parents.’
‘Yes. Hurry Tony, we’re getting pulverised here,’ Fury responds.
‘There is nothing except my mission.’
‘Oh yes,’ she replies as they head towards the car, for once not driven by Happy but by a SHIELD agent, ‘and this year we’ve got the Guardians with us.’
‘He likes
‘Now that’s settled,’ Tony claps his hands together and stands up, grimacing and swaying slightly as he feels lightheaded. ‘Damn.’
‘Yes,’ Strange gives him a small smile. ‘Whichever you feel most comfortable with.’
‘Oh yeah,’ he laughs. ‘He didn’t come around as much as the others did, but he was definitely the one who taught me to play. Taught me to shoot too, with Peggy.’
‘My king this is against the rules of the combat,’ the female Jotun on the side argues. ‘The duel is between yourself and your brother only.’
‘If I’m going down I’ll take you with me and finish the job,’ Rumlow snarls. ‘You should have died last year, you were just lucky you got away.’
Tony just nods and they continue in a companionable silence for a few moments. ‘Well I think we should all get an early night anyway,’ he says, stretching as they both finish their drinks, ‘so I’m going to head off. We’re setting out fairly early in the morning to get to the site. We want to get back as soon as possible after all. I’m not going to be happy if we’re separated from the team when Thanos gets here.’
‘We should do the silent auction for dances again,’ Pepper adds, ‘that generated a lot of money last time.’
‘You’re not getting rid of me that easily, Cap,’ he says as they break apart.
‘They aren’t exactly
Steve half smiles, still looking straight ahead. ‘We’ve earned it after this.’
‘You’re going down doc,’ Wanda grins at Strange.
‘You just tease me when I’m hungover. Loki makes me hangover cures. Take some lessons, Cap.’
he berates himself, hearing a metallic thud as Iron Man lands a couple of feet in front of him.
As always here's your sneak peek:
With anyone else Loki would have argued, but he feels he owes Clint the truth in all things after their past. He wonders if the archer suspects this and it’s why he’s confronting him about it. ‘They have been
Peter sits on the edge of a building, kicking his heels against the brickwork and looking out over Queens. ‘Pretty slow evening today,’ he comments to Karen. ‘Anything showing up on the police scanners?’
‘It’s them that’s got to worry, Pete,’ he says with a smile that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. ‘They’ve tried to hurt you. Every single one of the Avengers is out for blood. Wanda took out twenty on her own when we opened the doors.’
know.’
‘That and Howard would have killed you if you’d left an illegitimate child running around,’ Rhodes adds.
She smirks. ‘Just thinking I should convince Tony to start throwing more parties again.’
staring at Steve’s ass as well?’ a new voice enters the conversation and they turn to see Sam walking towards them.
‘Trust me you don’t want our school’s coffee.’
‘Well he’s already in my good books,’ he teases the teenager, earning himself a huff that makes him laugh. ‘Anything else you care to share about this mystery man?’
As always here's your sneak peek at the next chapter:
‘Get some sleep, Nat,’ Steve says, ‘you look like crap.’
Bucky heads to the gym as soon as he finishes his coffee and warms up while he waits for Peter to join him; he’s on the punching bag when he hears the door open and someone enter the training room.
‘Perhaps it already has,’ the blond responds, copying the gesture.
‘Apart from how annoying you are?’
Wait…that’s the sound of someone moving above me. Fuck it better not be Francis. I do
‘Of course, Captain.’
Surprisingly the next to go out is Hope, who only just managed to find a trash can to vomit into before Wanda helps her to her room.
asked the two of you to help us out?’
Peter nods and looks out over the city again. ‘They wanted to get you to leave but they agreed to trust my judgement.’ He turns to face him again, pretty sure his grin is visible through his mask. ‘So you better not annoy me.’
Tony huffs. ‘Yeah, yeah, alright,’ then he grins, ‘now why don’t you lay back and let me get my hands on those muscles and see if I can loosen them up?’
Holding up one finger he says, ‘ok one he is
‘Because they said where they were being held was like an old castle dungeon or something,’ Steve answers, ‘and this farmhouse is your normal, everyday farmhouse. I very much doubt they’ve got dungeons down underneath it, not from the description Loki, Bucky and Wanda gave anyway.’
reactor in his chest, Hammer,’ the Brooklyn drawl is thick as the man’s anger increases.
Someone puts their hand up.
‘Fuck I hope not or they’ll be able to give their soldiers any mutation they think is useful alongside whatever one they already have,’ Wade visibly shudders.
‘Yes it-’
‘Here,’ Peter puts a mug of coffee next to him.
‘Are you injured?’ he asks, pushing the alien to the floor.
‘Winter Warrior!’ Loki’s voice carries across the room. ‘Face me in combat!’
‘Hey is that why I got some weapon holders in my last wing pack?’ Sam asks. ‘Because I ran out of ammo when I was doing that assault course?’
He’d remembered the name of the place from the couple of times Wade had mentioned it, and had decided his best bet to track down the mercenary was here. Trying not to think what any of the team’s reactions would be if they knew what he was doing, he pushes open the door to ‘Sister Margaret’s’ and walks down the dark staircase.
‘Bring him back, Nat.
,’ he hisses in warning.
‘Very funny,’ Steve rolls his eyes, then lashes out with a kick.
‘Anything you want to talk about, kid?’ Peter shakes his head and hears Tony sigh. ‘Alright. Go put your stuff in your room, then come and do some of your homework before dinner. Nat’s on cooking duty tonight.’
‘It seems you haven’t got much experience being a teacher,’ Strange says from behind the woman, his own strength returning as Wanda begins to take their power back from Agatha. ‘You have given the information, and no limitations of when they should and should not use it. It was only a matter of time until your pupils turned against you.’
The boy seems to pause half way to the wall and sighs before responding. ‘I used to want to take dance classes when I was younger, street dance and stuff like that rather than something like ballet, but we could never afford it and I wasn’t what you’d call a natural either. I haven’t really tried since I got my powers, but it’s not like I need
Sam’s quiet for a few moments. ‘Tony? I know our track record doesn’t exactly speak for us, but now we’re back we’re not going anywhere again.’
‘Wait you believe me?’
‘That’s not fair I showed you mine!’
Tony nods but doesn’t say anything.
The teenager launches himself at the man and gives him a hug. ‘Thank you so much. I won’t let you down I promise.’
‘Just the two of you?’ Natasha questions with a raised eyebrow.
'I did both,' Steve says with sudden clarity. 'Oh god, Rhodey-'
‘No she doesn’t, she blames herself which is worse. The thing is, because they separated them and then she defected, when she next saw him they were on opposite sides.’
‘Calm down, Baby Boy,’ Wade laughs, trying to hold onto a wriggling Spider-Man.
‘Alright FRIDAY give us some music,’ Tony says and the AI dutifully begins playing some of the slower Andrews Sisters’ melodies. At Steve’s surprised look he shrugs. ‘I thought it might be easier for you to learn to some songs you’d be used to.’
‘Oi! Lovebirds! Pass the bread rolls,’ Sam shouts at them, causing Steve to flip him the finger and the whole table to erupt in laughter.
getting shot by the frankly terrifying guns the group were holding. Everyone who’d been shot had all been burnt to shells.
Tony hold’s Steve’s gaze for a few moments. ‘You really don’t ever stop with those goddamn speeches do you?’
‘What? I can’t just forget about something like that!’
‘I trusted Thor with my secret and between us we would sneak scraps from the table into my room to feed it. We even managed to sneak it out into the forest every couple of days so we could exercise and train it once it got a little larger.’
‘We’ll see,’ Matt cuts across him as he throws his things onto his sofa and then heads to his room.
‘The only person who can answer that,’ Sam laughs, ‘is Tony.’
‘We’ve had word from Nakia,’ Okoye says, coming up to T’Challa. ‘She’s on her way back and she has a tribe with her, led by a priestess-princess who will be able to help. An hour or two and they will be with us.’
‘Even though it was basically a breeding ground for dust clouds,’ Sam adds, ‘it did feel more like it was ours than the facility did. The facility always feels like we’re about to move on to something. The house felt…’
‘Are you alright?’ she asks her.
‘Yeah but then people wouldn’t be able to do Captain America or-’ Peter stops listening to Ned when his spidey-senses go haywire. Something was wrong, something was
‘Sounds like you forgot the part where they’re just supposed to be for
But no more bullets hit him. Instead a strange, grey mist curls its way towards them, spreading quickly along the ground and spreading upwards. He sees the moment Steve realises he’s no longer behind them. Sees T’Challa spin and try to head back towards them.
Steve will never be able to explain what happened. He knows two things: they all started attacking Thanos with their new allies, and then Thanos disappeared and it felt like the ground he was walking on turned to jelly. By the time they all recover and he’s shaking his head to clear it of whatever trick Thanos pulled on them there’s screaming coming through the comms and now he knows something else: Thanos has found Vision.
‘Ah my lovely Widow, so glad one of you have some sense,’ Hammer smiles again. ‘You have until tomorrow at eight. If I don’t hear by then, I’m afraid your friend will have a few more holes. Bye, bye!’ With that the call ends.
‘But isn’t this food?’ she asks.
As Tony enters the common room the next morning he knows he’s in trouble. First of all he’s overslept and he’s got a meeting with the Council he has to leave for in less than thirty minutes if he’s not going to be late. Again.
‘Kid what have you been
‘I think my jaw would disagree with you.’
‘Tony?’ Steve hurries towards them. ‘Are you sure you should be heading outside? We can bring everyone up to the common area and-’
‘You let us all walk out of here unharmed, and take Dr Monroe to a little house party we have planned. The rest are yours.’
‘True, but we’re still too close to heavily built up areas,’ Steve counters, ‘in Wakanda we can control where we fight in an open area away from the city, and T’Challa has safeguards in place to defend the city if needed. New York doesn’t have that.’ Natasha nods in response, looking back over to the group gathered around Vision. ‘Is he stable enough to move?’ he asks them.
‘Hey!’ Steve says. ‘Just because you can’t beat me doesn’t mean you can try and team up with the kid, Buck. You always told me to pick my fights better, why don’t you take some of your own advice huh?’
‘He told you no kissing?’ she laughs. ‘Ok in all seriousness, this guy is good. I’ll admit I’m still worried about the age gap, but considering he’s putting in rules like that I think he’s good.’
‘And you’re only telling me this now because?’
‘We’ll all come back safe and sound, Pete,’ he tells him. ‘Right I’m going to go do final checks in the jet’.
‘I believe you call it an olive branch.’
‘See? Stewart is a sensible man! Go,’ he laughs as his aunt is all but dragged out of the living room and out of the front door. He looks down at the baby girl in his arms. ‘We’ll be fine won’t we little Princess?’
‘Show time,’ Tony grins, letting his face plate fall into place.
BFFs with Deadpool. We just hang out at the end of patrol every now and again.’
‘Besides surely it’s better he starts trying drink when he’s with people he can trust rather than kids his own age that are just going to try and get him drunk,’ Bucky counters.
‘When did she stop being Miss Natasha?’ Bucky demands.
‘FRIDAY filled you in?’ Sam asks.
‘Um…it is after lunch? I mean it’s like one thirty.’
has committed treason? Really? The guy who almost single-handedly took down Hitler’s science division? Who went solo behind enemy lines and brought back an entire captured division? Not exaggerating, trust me, that was my Dad’s favourite bed time story; well mainly his part in flying the plane, but eventually he told me the rest of it.’
obvious when you get a message from him. Are you actually going to admit you’re dating yet?’
Matt just laughs. ‘I like him.’
Peter's curiosity causes embarrassing times for Steve, and Natasha and Bruce reconnect
Sharon gives a harsh laugh. ‘Of course. You just can’t admit when you actually care about people can you?’ she accuses him. ‘Isn’t that how all this mess started in the first place? You can’t admit you care and you can’t admit you were wrong, and that’s how all the mess with the Accords started. That’s how you tore apart the team in the first place!’
‘Here we are,’ she says, opening a door. ‘Hi Bucky, your friend has come to visit. I’m just going to do your obs is that alright?’
‘Wade!’ Peter launches himself at the mercenary and pulls him into a tight hug.
Tony resists the urge to reach up and touch the lump on his cheekbone. Bucky had caught him with his metal arm when he was lashing out during one of their tests; the man was still apologising and it had happened three days ago. Tony had threatened to blindfold him every time he looked guilty when he caught sight of Tony’s face. ‘If he hadn’t been near the end of recovery I’d probably have a broken jaw,’ he says, settling back into his chair. ‘This is the injury I received from his metal arm. An arm that has, in the past, ripped into the Iron Man armour. I think you’ll agree he is exhibiting better control.’
‘We’re working on finding the rest of Beck’s associates,’ Hill takes over, ‘we should have rounded them all up in the next few days.’
‘You’re not going to lose me, Baby Boy,’ Deadpool says, voice just as quiet. ‘You know me, I’m like a bad rash that just won’t go away. The only way I’m going anywhere is if you ask me to.’
‘Deal. But you tell him before dinner, or I’m bringing it up
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Blame Carol not me!’ he protests. ‘She’s telling anyone who asks!’
‘Doc?’ Tony frowns.
‘See? Aren’t you glad I mentioned it now?’ Quill looks smug.
Bucky sighs, facing away from Steve. ‘Tony found me one night a couple of weeks in trying to decide between a whiskey tumbler and a gun.’ Then he gives him a brief recount of the conversation they’d had about blame.
‘Mister Parker,’ Dr Hill greets them as they enter, ‘I was told to expect you. I would say it’s been too long since I last saw you, but that’s a good thing really.’
The common area is a mess of discarded wrapping paper, and Loki nimbly navigates it to sit next to his brother.
‘No arguments,’ Tony cuts off whatever Sam is about to say. ‘Let’s get moving people, we’ve not got that much daylight left and we’ve still got the inside tree to decorate.’
Peter laughs. ‘I feel like we’ve got side-tracked.’
‘They already know he’s here,’ Peter says.
‘British psychopaths are worse than other psychopaths?’ Bucky asks.
‘I’m fine-’ his answer is cut off by the Cloak that takes the opportunity to hit him on the head. The man glares at the fabric and sighs. ‘I just over-exerted myself a little. I shall be fine once I rest.’
‘-the person who has had a huge impact on history: Sergeant James Barnes, former Howling Commando, now part of the Avengers and known as the “Winter Soldier”. I’m sure some of you are probably thinking this is quite a strange choice, especially given how polarised the media is in their portrayal of him, but I’ve been able to speak to people who know him, and I’ve met him myself, so I’d like to take this opportunity to tell you, what I hope, is a slightly less biased version, and so you can get to know the Bucky Barnes that set Captain America on the road to be a war hero.’
The Wakandan king raises a hand for silence. ‘As you can see, there is even more reason for these Accords to be approved. With too many externals influences we are at risk of the Avengers being used to further not just a particular country’s interests, but also agencies who would normally be their adversaries. With different restraints in place, which enable them to-’
‘Born ready,’ Clint grins at him.
‘Fuck. Do you do this shit every day at school?’ Wade’s fingers are massaging his scalp and Peter feels more of the tension bleeding from his body.
‘You want me to owe you a favour is that it?’
bringing back my boyfriend’s decapitated head,’ Peter shoves Bucky away, and the soldier just responds with a laugh and a hair tousle.
‘You’ll be fine, Pete,’ Natasha says from wherever she’s ended up. ‘Remember your training and trust your instincts.’
‘Of all the arrogant, egotistical people I have the misfortune to know, Tony Stark, you are by far the worst!’ the doctor thunders. ‘Just what gives you the right to pull me away when I’m about to go into surgery?’
‘Yeah, but it was just that he couldn’t feel pain. Really fucking useless in the grand scheme of things.’
Steve laughs and pulls him in for another kiss. ‘I think I can manage that.’
Just then Wanda enters and raises an eyebrow at the grin on Tony’s face, and the three chuckling soldiers. ‘Do I want to know?’
‘Briefing room people,’ Nick says, ‘and anyone else threatens anyone I’m giving Peter full permission to kick your arse. You got that kid?’
of the considerations, yes.’
doing really well at a new ballet move and then you walked in and ruined it by distracting me,’ she huffs, letting Natasha pull her to her feet.
Please do let me know what you think of these two chapters, I really do appreciate hearing your views and seeing if this is going in a way that sense to you as well as to me.
‘Happy birthday, Pete,’ the man says, lifting up the faceplate of his suit.
‘Don’t be ridiculous,’ Betty laughs, ‘Peter is
‘Maybe,’ comes the small reply. ‘Stewart’s nephews were over and they were being horrible ‘cause I wouldn’t drink with them ‘cause I’m not old enough, and neither are
‘Why are you still reading my messages?’ he pulls his phone back out of her line of sight, blushing bright red.
‘I agree,’ Loki nods. ‘What time should we meet for breakfast?’
He sighs. Looks like they’re having this conversation now. He stops and lets them walk on a couple of paces. ‘I remember, Nat.’
‘Are they talking about Peter being his son or his successor?’ Natasha asks as she walks in.
‘I’m trusting to your competitive nature.’
‘I don’t know,’ he all but wails, flopping back on the bed so he’s looking up at the ceiling. ‘I just feel like I should tell Tony at some point and I’m not sure how to bring it up, and I don’t want him to find out by accident because that’ll just be worse. And it’s not like I don’t trust him that I don’t want to tell him, I just don’t want him to be disappointed, and I’m worried he won’t be happy.’
‘I told Tony to only tell him this morning,’ May laughs at the shock on her nephew’s face.
HYDRA continues their attack on the school to try and capture Peter.
Love always,
Tony, Sam and Natasha start laughing as the two soldiers tumble around the mat.
‘How does that prove your-’
‘No more than the rest of us are,’ Rhodes says. Bucky nods, seeming a little more relaxed.
‘Come on, Cap, everyone knows how much you love to dance it seems,’ Tony laughs, swapping with his partner.
Steve doesn’t see Tony until lunchtime the next day. He and Sam have got back from a morning training session outside, the other man is still grumbling about how many times he’s been lapped, and they enter the common area to grab some lunch. They’re greeted by screams of frustration and triumph as soon as they walk through the door and look over to the sofas to see Tony, Peter, Wanda, Rhodes and Natasha all playing some kind of racing game on one of the consoles.
‘I’m hoping Weasel can tell us,’ he replies as they take a barstool each. ‘Who’s Ajax?’
‘Wade you can’t use your underage boyfriend as a drugs mule,’ Wanda sighs from next to Peter.
of the team would. Pushing the thought away he focuses on Daredevil’s next question. ‘Why the concern for Spider-Man, Deadpool?’
‘Thank you.’ Then he’s called away by Peter and leaves with a smile and fond shake of his head. ‘The Spiderling calls.’
‘Ok it’s on. Powers are in play,’ Peter says, a determined look on his face that is eerily reminiscent of a certain Captain.
‘So do you. Come here, soldier,’ he replies, stepping closer yet again to undo Steve’s tie and retie it.
So basically Steve’s blue-All-American-puppy-dog-eyes have him standing here waiting for Strange and Wong to come through the portal they’d set up between the facility and the Sanctum back when they were still planning for Thanos’ arrival. He’s just about to try calling the wizards to find out where they are when Strange steps through into the facility, the Cloak flying out behind him and still freaking out and intriguing Tony in equal measure.
‘My name,’ he says, taking hold of the top of his mask and ripping it off before he has time to reconsider. ‘It’s Peter Parker, Deadpool.’
Next chapter: Christmas Day in the mistletoe challenge. And then I think I'll skip to New Year's Eve. I was rather surprised at how disappointed people have been that Loki and Bucky won't be a pairing this story; out of curiosity would you prefer Bucky with Loki or Natasha? I have another option for Loki too, which you'll get to see in the next chapter.
‘Captain Rogers, do the Avengers do this course with the soldiers and agents?’
‘Oh yeah, no thanks,’ he laughs, ‘I can barely cope when May’s shouting, let alone trying to cope with two people.’
‘I know, it’s just…it’s hard you know? He’s basically my brother, we’ve been through a lot together, and I can’t do anything to help him. And this party…it would have been the chance to speak to the people that have caused all this new set of problems and try to get it sorted, and Rumlow won’t let me go,’ he fists his hair in his frustration.
‘Yeah, see that reaction is not filling us with confidence,’ Clint says.
‘What the hell is that supposed to mean?’ Tony growls, finally getting up from his stool to confront the Captain.
‘Tony! The hot water isn’t working!’ Clint shouts.
ceiling when we get back.’
Mama’s smile becomes a little sad. ‘We’re doing alright up here, she’s just having a ret now. When you get to be as old as we are you need a few more sit downs than you did before.’
‘They were on to me,’ she argues. ‘I had to leave. They know how to contain my powers.’
Peter goes looking for Wade after not hearing from the merc in a while
‘Of course my king,’ she replies, bowing her head and then turning and shouting instructions to her two fellow soldiers.
‘Love you, Wade,’ he responds.
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoyed this chapter, and a huge thank you again to everyone who has left kudos on this story, and to BB4ever for yet another review.
Tony looks up as Steve, Vision and Wanda walk back into the room from wherever they’d disappeared to. ‘Yeah,’ he says, folding the recipe so the last step was hidden. ‘Hey Peter, Wanda? Fancy making some cookies?’
Natasha laughs. ‘Only you, Pete, only you.’
‘Very funny. You’re seriously alright with this?’
‘Err…ok?’ Bucky responds, blinking a few times as he processes the information.
There’s a few moments of silence following Quill’s outburst.
‘True,’ Sam nods, ‘must have been hard trying to combine two completely different lives in her head.’
Two days into his hospital stay, where they were no signs of life, the medics were trying to convince him to give up. Tony had left them in no uncertain terms they were going to wait as long as Peter decided, causing him to sob into the inventor’s arms when they were alone again.
Love always,
Peter laughs.
‘I suppose if we said it was a department store that was a front for intergalactic smuggling? I’m sure we could convince Star Lord and Rocket to agree with us.’
‘Please can we not talk about explosions in the lab where I can hear?’ Steve begs. ‘I need to sleep at night.’
for all we know.
‘No,’ the leader responds. ‘We wait for the pick up. They need her,’ he gestures towards Dr Monroe. There’s a few moments quiet while everyone, terrorist and hostage alike, are focussed on the leader. Peter wonders if now would be a good time to make a move, but before he can make a decision the leader turns to look at him with a slight smile. Suddenly he wishes he could relive Homecoming night. ‘The kid said he was a Stark intern right? Put your vest on him Carl. We’re paying a little visit to Iron Man.’
‘That depends on what you think I did, Baby Boy,’ the merc responds, bare chested and holding the stump of his arm where the hand is beginning to regrow.
‘Pepper darling, feel free to use any of that anger that is normally directed at me on Ross any time you feel like it,’ he laughs.
‘There’s nothing wrong with some friendly competition!’ Clint protests.
‘Oh stop being a know-it-all,’ he grumbles. ‘What are you doing for Christmas?’ he asks as they take a seat on the edge of the building and start munching on their tacos.
‘He can’t know where the Soul stone is,’ the green skinned female says at the same time.
‘Loki,’ she cuts in, voice raw and when he turns to her, she can see fear in his eyes, ‘Bucky and Wanda were taken.’
‘A couple?’
‘Don’t let me down, Loki,’ Sam wags a finger at him.
‘Yeah when we were younger and you were thin enough for the guys you picked on to use as a tooth pick!’
Love always,
find his off button,’ Steve mutters to him.
'You want us to just bring back your decapitated head?' Natasha asks deadpanned, one eyebrow raised. Then she shrugs. 'Suppose it's not the most outlandish thing anyone's ever asked me to do.'
something from Loki. –What’s wrong?-
‘He seems like a good kid, Tony,’ Steve says, coming over to him, ‘if a little intimidated at the moment.’
‘Hey ugly!’ Peter calls to get its attention, webbing its face so it can’t see as Steve goes running towards it, grabbing some chain that had come loose from some of the decorative fencing around the paths. ‘Hey Cap, remember watching Return of the Jedi?’
about it yet; we’ve shouted things at each other that hints what we’ve thought and felt about the whole thing, but we’ve not had a proper conversation where we listen to what the other has to say without emotions getting in the way. I don’t- I’ve screwed up too many times by not talking about things like this and I don’t- I
Bruce smiles despite himself, damn the kid was loyal to Tony. ‘Yeah well it may not have been
‘Loki! That stuff is incredible. I love you, please make me more!’
‘I suppose that is why she’s foremost in my mind at the moment. That and I am not used to…’ he sighs again. ‘I am still not used to this dynamic with the team.’
Wanda nods, but he’s certain she’s not completely convinced.
‘Loki,’ Strange says, surprising everyone including the trickster.
‘I’d throw more than a book at you if you tried to make me feel better,’ Peter mumbles, wondering just what the soldier had tried to do. ‘What’s wrong with her?’ he asks, worrying about his friend.
‘I’m not sure if that was supposed to be a compliment or not,’ Nick raises an eyebrow.
‘And secondly so I know I can do this,’ he grabs the man’s arm and gives him a strong tug towards him, ‘before doing this.’ He presses a kiss to Wade’s lips, feeling himself relax as the man’s arms go around him. ‘I’m not exactly able to do that in front of people that think I’d struggle to arm wrestle MJ can I?’
Tony’s actually surprised to find Wade easy to talk to, and he enjoys their conversation as they clear the table and take everything back into the kitchen. ‘Don’t think I haven’t noticed the way you look at him,’ he says as he fills the sink to wash everything that won’t go in the dishwasher. Out of the corner of his eye he sees Wade tense from where he’s filling said appliance.
‘Hey Deadpool,’ he says happily as he hangs up.
‘And Fury?’ Natasha asks.
‘Steve?’ he manages to rasp, then immediately starts coughing.  The noise has the soldier reaching for the water jug; it also has the mop of brown hair shooting up, wide brown eyes looking up at him.
people, and he’s living on your door step. I don’t want you getting caught up in any of his shit.’
‘Aren’t you forgetting something?’ At Tony’s raised eyebrow Steve rolls his eyes. ‘My armour Tony.’
‘Who?’ the man frowns in confusion.
‘We made a deal,’ Hammer’s voice stops being smarmy and goes hard, ‘if he gave us the schematics to the arc reactor technology we’d let him go and give him back his upgrade.’
‘No! Don’t call me that!’ he screams. ‘You
‘Glad you caught up,’ she teases, and dodges the Winter Soldier sweater he throws at her. ‘Is there really one for the every member of the team in there?’
‘Mr Stark we shouldn’t have left everyone there! What if-’
Wanda looks away and nods.
‘I must admit I’m looking forward to seeing how close you really are with them,’ Betty pipes up as the engines start. ‘Because from the stories Ned and MJ tell it’s like you’re actually one of them, you know?’
‘Bucky on me,’ Steve’s barks the command through the ear piece. ‘Where are you Scott? We’ll be with you soon.’
Sam laughs. ‘You got your rocket boots, Quill?’
Steve’s foot slips on some rubble and he falls to his knees.
As always here's the sneak peek:
‘I couldn’t get rid of it,’ Tony admits, pulling something out from the centre and letting the shirt fall to the floor. ‘And I wanted it with me just in case we ever saw each other again and…well…’
do while you follow Loki’s order if we’re to stand a chance.’
‘You could stay longer you know. I know Peter and Wanda would miss you, so would Tony, not to mention your brother. You can’t keep wandering forever.’
‘We may not be able to use them, Tony,’ Nick warns him, ‘it’ll be the first place Ross would look for anything going on. No matter how much you trust them something could still get leaked.’
‘I think I’d still rather be on a battlefield if I’m honest,’ Steve replies. ‘How do you propose I manage to relax enough to enjoy it?’
‘The less you knew the less you could be accused of,’ Tony explains, finally looking away from his screen. ‘This way the only person who could be held accountable for planning Bucky’s escape was me.’ After a brief pause he adds. ‘Now how about we stop wasting time talking and actually get on with doing something?’
bad.’
‘Umm…I think that one was vodka.’
‘I simply wanted to know if he wanted coffee,’ Vision manages to sound a little sheepish.
‘Sounds good,’ Peter feels a smile creeping onto his face. ‘I’ll see you at eight tomorrow.’
Sam and Quill both let out shouts of surprise as their legs are taken out from under them and they end up dangling from the trees by their ankles.
‘Oh, you actually going to grace us with your presence?’ Flash demands.
‘So tonight I want to say thank you. Thank you to all of you who are there when we aren’t. The ones that come along and clean up our messes and make sure there is still a world that needs saving.’ Rhodes finishes with a salute which Steve notices all of the soldiers return, before walking off to a much more genuine applause than any that had come before.
It’s only when they enter the bathroom and the man spins him around and pins him against the wall with his walking cane that he places it.
‘Unfortunately, yes they are,’ Loki sighs, taking a seat and letting his armour melt away to be replaced by his casual clothes.
She shrugs. ‘Wouldn’t you be if you were in his shoes? Think about it Steve: the people who literally tortured him to the point where his body mutated to protect him are walking around possibly continuing their program
‘Never could match you, though,’ Harry grins at him, ‘which is why Dad let me hang out with you, think he hoped some of it would rub off on me.’
‘Yeah, course we will,’ Peter whispers back, ‘just give me a bit of time to think of a plan.’ Truthfully though he wasn’t sure how well this was going to end. His mask was in his rucksack which was still over by their seats; all of the hostages had been taken up onto the stage and there was no way he was going to be able to get to it in time. That meant if he was going to do anything he had to reveal who he was. But he wasn’t even sure he’d be able to do anything without
The hum of the reactor fills his ear as Tony’s arms fold him into the inventor’s chest. On his other side the couch dips from Steve’s weight and a hand rubs soothingly up and down his back.
‘So December the twenty-first,’ Tony muses out loud.
Bruce laughs. ‘You bring all those questions to the lab when you’ve got rid of these webs. And next time make sure you’ve got some of that anti-web fluid in the shooters yeah? I must admit this is the first time I’ve had to cut a spider out of their own web.’
‘Get FRIDAY to do it.’ Man his boyfriend is grumpy when he’s woken up.
Clint’s quiet while he digests this information. ‘Maybe, but we’ll never know unless he gets those memories back. It doesn’t matter though, because she associates that relationship with too much heartbreak and blood to go back to it.’
I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas, no matter which faith you belong to and where in the world you are. May your Christmases all be filled with joy, blessings and love.
‘Yes?’
‘Oh yeah right the kid who has literally been adopted by a billionaire and team of superheroes is going to be a normal person,’ MJ scoffs coming up behind Peter and clapping him on the shoulder. ‘Still good to see you. Not that I missed you or anything but, you know,’ she shrugs.
Pepper laughs. ‘He might have you all wrapped around his little finger, but he’s still scared of an unhappy Natasha.’
‘Uh, no, I was going to do that today. Been trying to get my head around everything else that’s been happening. Not to mention the fact that Tony and Steve are apparently now an item and the team seems to have adopted a teenager that’s half spider with a preference for nutcases.’
‘Perhaps a little more flour is in order,’ the trickster laughs, adding some more to the mixture in front of him.
‘You really think it won’t be that bad?’ he asks hopefully.
‘She’s looking into something else,’ he waves off any other suggestions, ‘Strange is also otherwise engaged apparently. Just please tell me you’re all ready to leave tomorrow as planned?’
‘Hey Spidey,’ the merc seems a bit subdued tonight as he takes a seat next to the superhero. ‘Tough patrol?’
‘Are you going to say anything?’ Loki demands.
first,’ Quill says.
‘Mr Stark, how does it feel to see Justin Hammer again after he held you prisoner?’
‘How much are you aware of what you should be able to do?’
‘Completely different,’ he answers, joining the conversation.
‘Now what makes you think that kid?’ the previously mentioned man grins.
Loki had all put their foot down and left him in no uncertain terms that he couldn’t visit Jotunheim until everything has settled down with Thanos. If they thought the kid had sulked before it was
story.’
‘Correct, Peter. I believe it was my phasing that confused you before.’
this kid is Spiderman, he’d be very worried. Just right now though he looks like a kid whose been taken hostage and is still trying to process everything. And again, if Tony didn’t know this kid is Spiderman and what he’s been through in the past, he’d assume that’s all it is.
‘The majority of the team don’t have any family left,’ Tony responds, giving Steve’s hand a squeeze where it’s resting on his stomach. ‘And those of us that do don’t really see eye to eye with them. We’ve all adopted the team as our family, and Peter is part of that, and as his family so are you.’
‘Well,’ she says, coming back up to Tony, ‘you got badass while we were away.’
‘Who managed to get chocolate chips to stick to the ceiling?’ Peter demands.
‘What about the others? What did you do with them?’
Rosie reaches tiredly out towards another picture. ‘Oh yeah you’ve got good taste there, Baby Girl. That’s my boyfriend, Wade,’ he starts to stroke Rosie’s hair as her breathing evens out. ‘He really is the most amazing person in the world, Rosie, and he puts up with so much from me being such a brat. I really don’t deserve him, and I can’t wait to introduce you to him; you’re going to have him wrapped around your little finger,’ he laughs, ‘and he’s going to do absolutely anything you want him to. He’s a big bad mercenary and likes to make out he doesn’t give a damn about anyway, but he’s a big softy really. I do love him, Rosie, I guess I haven’t really been showing it lately,’ he sighs, ‘and I need to change that when I get home.’
‘HYDRA was also able to kidnap me from our base,’ he fires back, ‘and we had our own moles here amongst the staff. We’re never going to be certain we’ll keep them away forever, and there will always be the potential for them to worm their way in; but we’ve all learned from the past and we can put safeguards in to prevent a full take over like before.’
‘Yeah he’s cool,’ Peter says, taking off his tie and undoing his top button. ‘Man that feels so much better! Did they make these things to be torture devices or something?’
‘We have blood to spare,’ she replies, gesturing behind her at the army massing at the tree line, then turns and walks back towards them.
‘Alright! I get it,’ Peter cuts him off.
There’s silence from the other end of the link.
‘I am Death,’ she says that as if its fucking obvious.
‘Tony?’
‘Stay still, kid,’ Bucky tells him. ‘Don’t move and don’t speak. Nod if you understand.’
Peter looks at Loki, who nods at him. ‘Alright, what do you need us to do?’
‘Yeah,’ Quill now looks a little pale, ‘yeah I’m very glad. You know, maybe I should go join the others at the bar?’
‘Wanna go kick some bad guy ass?’ Deadpool grins as he lowers his mask. ‘We may need to restock on tacos by the time we’re done.’
‘Hey Squidward! Go get your own wizard, this one’s ours!’ Tony’s blasts the alien backwards. ‘Pete get our wizard.’
‘I’d appreciate it. Something doesn’t feel right about this particular issue,’ Matt gestures to Loki with his head. ‘Do you think your friend will help?’
Peter looks at him with what he can only describe as a hopeful expression. ‘You think so?’
‘He punched the guy’s face in,’ Ned’s voice is shaky, and the acrid smell of vomit reaches Peter’s nose. ‘Dude that’s messed up.’
‘Mr Barton why have you decided to come back to the team now? Is it just for the duration of the trial or are you intending to rejoin the team permanently?’
‘If you can let me know the translations as you make them I’ll be able to make a program to help you translate quicker,’ Tony says, pulling up some screens on his watch.
‘Who, Tony?’ Steve sits next to the inventor now, desperately fighting against the bile rising in his throat as he wonders who this mystery ‘him’ is that may have taken his place in Tony’s heart.
‘Because Thor wants it to all be done by hand, and Steve said since we wouldn’t let him do his hunt we had to give him this one thing,’ Bucky replies from under the tree.
‘Sam no!’ Scott shouts. It’s one of those moments where time seems to slow down, but you can’t move any faster. He watches as the metal contraption spins over and starts falling down as Steve appears on the tree line.
‘Please tell me you’ve got that hangover cure from Loki out of his brain,’ Tony turns to Wanda.
Tony places a comforting hand on her shoulder. ‘No one manages it first time,’ he tells her. ‘Remind me to show you the video footage from when I made the Mark II, there’s a reason DUM-E is no longer allowed near a fire extinguisher.’ She gives him a small smile. ‘The question I should be asking you is: do you think it
‘How did you guess?’ Harry’s laugh turns a little bitter as he puts his bag down on his bed. ‘He’s upped his game with training me to take on the family business as well. Says I don’t need to bother with college even though I’ve put forward a hundred and one reasons why it would be beneficial to the company for me to get a degree.’
‘His name is Thanos,’ Bruce explains, ‘he’s the one who first sent Loki.’
‘Maria Rambeau built up SWORD from scratch, while I worked on SHIELD,’ Fury explains.
‘If I didn’t know Pepper, I’d wonder how you actually managed to run a company for so long,’ Rhodes sighs, shaking his head.
‘Thank you, Fury,’ T’Challa says, ‘we shall be leaving shortly ourselves and should arrive at a similar time to the others.’
Finally, in Tony’s honest opinion as he collapses into his seat at the Yule table, they are able to start on the actual Yule Feast. They’d decided to miss out the formal dancing, and other parts of the celebration, and were just going to head back inside to start a party afterwards; Thor, Loki and Valkyrie had already done the other traditions before they arrived, and many of them would have been boring for Cassie.
‘You. Are.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Make a wish, Pete,’ Sam says. He does as he’s told, closing his eyes and blowing out all of his candles. There’s a chorus of cheers and Sam hands him a knife to cut the cake with. ‘Though I’m not sure I should trust you with this if Nat’s been training you.’
‘I knew it!’ Wanda crows. ‘Hang on. Since when are you gay? I thought you were dating Liz before I got back?’
‘You look…Tony you look incredible,’ he says, taking in the perfect cut of Tony’s suit, his perfectly styled hair, and the teasing smile on his face that makes Steve’s knees go weak.
Peter nods, apparently satisfied when FRIDAY interrupts them. ‘Boss? Miss Maximoff has just arrived at the facility. She says she’s escaped HYDRA.’
‘I…I genuinely didn’t think this was ever going to happen outside of my fantasies,’ Tony laughs. ‘Yes, Steve, I’d love to.’
‘Mr Stark?’ Tony can’t tell if the kid is asking him to be on his team or save him from the former assassin who seems hell bent on becoming his new best friend.
And now here they are: two days after that, all of them are sat in one of the many rooms of the Wakandan Palace, finally able to relax after the battle with Thanos.
is a threat that actually scares me,’ Steve laughs, following the other two.
to be doing?’ Pepper raises an eyebrow at him.
‘Buck it wasn’t just-’
He’s cut off by a sharp
‘Hey! What are you-’
‘Of course she did,’ he sighs, ‘I think my sister is just as fond of you as Nakia is. I apologise in advance for her enthusiasm.’
The team are reunited after the separate attacks, and are offered sanctuary while they attempt to regroup.
‘And lastly,’ Tony presses a kiss to Peter’s head then goes over to Morgan’s to do the same for her, ‘lastly any monster who wanted the prince or princess would have to go through the Kings, their fathers. There is nothing that the Golden King has ever faced, that has ever tried to hurt someone he cared about, and escaped from his justice, and there is nothing that ever will.’ Tony presses a quick kiss to Steve’s lips as he finishes his story.
‘I’m sick of the sight of ice cream,’ he grumbles, handing her a card. ‘But get whatever you guys want. Tony’s paying seeing as he’s responsible for this addiction.’
‘Err… yeah?’ Loki tries not to smirk at Bucky as Peter passes him another glass, he really does. He fails miserably.
‘He didn’t,’ the mercenary replies, ‘but I promised to check out the addresses you gave, this was the last one and then he said the team were moving in so I headed over to lend a hand.’
‘Why not? Come on Steve don’t leave me with the old grannies all by myself,’ he says, grabbing a towel from the side and trying to clean up his hands.
‘Yeah?’
‘No my king,’ Lorena responds. ‘All kings have ruled as sole rulers before, none have ever taken a council before.’
‘Ok soldiers, back down,’ Tony grabs hold of the back of both Bucky and Steve’s collars as they turn in unison to glare at the last reporter. ‘Come on, let’s just get the door closed.’
‘You paid for Peggy’s care?’ Steve asks him. Tony doesn’t reply.
to get them all back. What was the real reason behind it all Stark? You can’t tell me it was all for the sake of protecting the world like you had the Council believe. I think it was much more
‘Disagree!’ a chorus of voices respond, making the blond pout and everyone laugh.
‘Pen them in!’ Loki roars, voice strained. ‘We need to contain them.’
‘Yes,’ Laura sighs, ‘and unfortunately the kids are following your example.’
find some way to kill you permanently. And if anything over PG happens before he turns eighteen I will find a way to castrate you permanently. Is that understood?’
‘Wait,
‘You say he got these healing abilities after he left the army?’ Steve asks her.
‘Pete-’
’ Steve asks. ‘How old were you?’
‘Shut up,’ he says, pulling open the top of his shirt and revealing the pattern of scars on his chest from the old reactor. He sees Wade’s eyes go wide. ‘Some of us have scars that other people put there as well. We’re not going to judge you for your scars, when my chest was ripped open, Bucky’s missing an arm, and one of our friends turns into a giant green rage monster.’
He just laughs and shakes his head, as he turns back to take his shot he notices a familiar profile entering through the door; grinning he turns his attention back to the game, waiting for the man to notice them at the pool table. It doesn’t take long. His spidey-senses picking up when he gets the man’s attention; it’s a different feeling than the normal alarm system they usually set off, more like a note that lets him know there’s another person who has his back. He gets it from the Avengers now as well, having spent time training with them, but he’s had it longer from Wade.
‘What is that?’ Sam demands.
‘Peter where are you?’ Natasha asks, he can hear worry in her voice.
the main topic of conversation?’ he rolls his eyes as he heads towards the fridge.
Wanda frowns and concentrates. Relief washes over her face and she sags against the bars. ‘Yes,’ she breathes, ‘yes I can.’
‘Of course,’ Sam grins.
A/N: Hey everyone. I hope you enjoy this chapter, and I apologise for the cliffhanger at the end! Who do we think is offering to snap in Tony's place? More importantly will he let them?
‘Thanks?’
Steve smiles and nods. ‘Yeah, apparently caused quite a stir considering he was black.’
‘My turn,’ he says when Peter beats his current opponent, taking the cue from him.
‘-down in my workshop.
‘Shouldn’t have said it? I think I need to know if one of my team mates doesn’t trust me, Tony.’
‘Is that a rhetorical question boss?’ FRIDAY asks.
‘Alright. First drink ready!’ Valkyrie calls.
‘Dude I was in
‘Alright class, let’s finish up there today,’ the teacher says. ‘I know we’re ten minutes early but I think you all deserve it.’
‘Tony when you get tired you get even more blinkered than normal. Just take a quick ten minute break to grab something other than coffee. I imagine your eyes are starting to sting.’
Tony snorts. ‘They also say curiosity killed the cat, but that doesn’t seem to be stopping you.’ Vision merely angles his head slightly. Tony looks down at the phone on the table in front of them again. ‘What if it’s not enough?’ he asks quietly.
‘You stay there and let Wanda help you, buddy,’ Tony reassures him. ‘I’m going to wait here until you two are heading back to make sure the ugly goblin over there doesn’t take any more of an interest in you.’
The man frowns. ‘If you hadn’t lost him in the first place he wouldn’t have had a choice in the matter.’
Tony faces off against Secretary Ross again, and the first of the team arrive back in the US
‘You’re still a member of my squad so it’s “Captain” to you,
He’s broken from his musings by the sound of the elevator doors opening.
‘Hey!’ The man lunges for him and Peter dodges out of the way laughing.
Tony frowns and perches next to Peter. ‘What’s brought this on?’ Peter shifts uncomfortably and Tony thinks he can guess. ‘Deadpool?’
‘Good. I shall see you tomorrow then, Peter. And I promise to fulfil my end of the bargain by showing you some of those artefacts.’
‘I am the Winter Soldier.’
‘Good luck, Steve, our resident grumpy guts is in fine form,’ Sam says, getting up from the chair. ‘Anyone would think he doesn’t appreciate us caring about him.’
‘I don’t know about that, Tony,’ Mama cackles. ‘If I tried to pull as many all nighters as you do then I’d be dead by now.’
Tony releases the two soldiers and turns to face the lawyers making their way towards them. ‘Good morning,’ he greets them with a nod.
‘I think Wanda and Peter might disagree,’ Bucky argues, ‘there’s at least one person I’ve heard them talking about.’
Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments on this story, I am part way through catching up with all my replies so you should have one (if you haven't already) by the end of tomorrow. Thank you also to everyone who has left kudos, and to all of you who are still sticking with this story.
‘Yeah, sure Vis, just give me a sec. You guys alright looking after Matt for a bit?’ he asks his friends.
‘Seems like your cloak has abandoned you to help someone else,’ Tony laughs.
is about you, Baby Boy.
The look the bald man gives him that’s been arguing with Wanda nearly has him break stride. ‘Well, well, well. Spider-Man.’
Peter doesn’t even think before kneeling down next to the merc and throwing his arms around him.
‘Oh now I want to know what kind of a drunk he is,’ Natasha says as she enters the common area. ‘I imagine he’s a maudlin drunk.’
‘How the fuck do you manage it?’
‘Go!’
Wade wraps an arm around his waist and pulls Peter so he’s leaning back against him. ‘Thanks, Tin Can.’
‘Tony you can’t think Hammer’s going to pull a stunt like Vanko did, surely?’ Rhodes asks, lifting his faceplate to give his friend a concerned look.
Despite best intentions Steve is the only one who is still awake when the elevator doors open and Tony walks in, bleary eyed and steps sluggish. It’s probably for the best though, having the whole team trying to talk to him when he’s this tired was only going to end in a fight.
Loki allows himself a small. ‘We called him Fenris. Never realised how close a name to Hela’s wolf it was until after we faced her.’
‘Hulk want other flag! Hulk win game!’
‘Alright Avengers listen up,’ Steve says as they all prepare themselves, ‘this is it: this is what we’ve been preparing for. When that shield comes down we’ve got nothing between us and them, and we’re the only thing between them and Vision’s stone. If they get that, well its game over, because I don’t want to face Thanos when he has more stones, let alone when he gets them all. So we stop them here and we stop them now, whatever it takes. We’re the last line of defence for the galaxy, not just for Earth. But we can beat this son-of-a-bitch, because we’re all here and we’re facing him together.’
‘I’m going to assume that last bit is a joke,’ he replies, turning to face the merc. ‘Care to lose the mask?’
‘It might just be a
‘Yes but they’re both going to be trying their hardest not to let the other win,’ Pepper points out, putting her mug down. ‘And I
‘What-’
May puts up her hands and leaves, and Peter’s left with Ned’s calculating look. ‘This wouldn’t happen to be Deadpool would it?’
Do let me know what you think of this chapter, I'm really interested to hear what you think of some of the interactions. Hope you all continue to enjoy this story!
‘Yeah it’s been alright. Same old stuff you know. Well Flash got put back onto the reserve team for the Decathlon which he wasn’t too happy about, kept trying to convince them to swap him with me seeing as I’d, you know, run off to try and stop Liz’s dad at the last competition. Not that
‘No! You let the team get everyone out,’ the man tells him. ‘I am getting
‘I have done what I can, I am just sorry I can’t do more.’
, you contact us. That’s not a request kid.’
He looks up to see if he can spot anyone else and he sees Wanda walking down between the chairs, her expression dangerous and her magic a darker red than he’s seen it before. Her hair is held back from her face by a dark red crown, and her dress is now replaced by red armour. She looks like something out of a fantasy novel. She looks like the title Agatha gave her. Steve briefly wonders if she’ll always end up wearing this armour every time she uses her powers.
‘Will do,’ she nods.
‘Come in!’ Tony’s voice rings out.
‘I think we’re going to have a bigger argument over who puts it on this year,’ she laughs, gesturing to the noisy crowd of superheroes in the room.
The man looks down at the railing and sighs before looking back at him. ‘I worked on the prosthesis myself, I know the hope was to move the company towards doing more prosthesis work so if this one isn’t successful like I thought that could have an impact on whether we can continue working on them.’
‘Just wish we could have got involved,’ the other man sighs.
Bucky is silent again, and Sam knows him well enough to leave alone for now. If he’s quiet he’s thinking of how to answer. So he picks up the sandpaper again with a sigh and gets back to work.
(See the end of the chapter for
As everyone else files out Steve catches Bucky’s eye and can see something very similar going round his friend’s thoughts.
‘Of course,’ Tony smiles at him, going over to him and pulling him into a hug. ‘I’m glad you’re alright, Lokes, you had us scared for a minute.’
‘I’m here,’ Wanda says through the comms and Tony sees a flash of red through the door behind the terrorist.
‘We may need the help,’ Matt admits.
‘I thought you were going to look at the memories with HYDRA?’
‘Not by the front to greet everyone?’ Steve suggests.
‘That’s not all of it. Look, I get there was something you didn’t want Pete to find out about, and I won’t be going to tell Steve and Fury as soon as we get back. I just want to know what I’m getting into here, Wade. We’re here to have your back, we’re here to support you, to be part of your team. We can’t do that if we’re going in half blind.’
see this coming?’ Bucky demands.
‘That doesn’t mean you can cave my face in!’ he protests, shooting out a web and trying to swing to the other side of the room. He screws the timing and goes sprawling across the floor and crashing into some of the equipment. ‘Ow…’
I love you. If I didn’t care as much as I do I’d have said fuck it way back before we even started dating; I want to do right by you, Baby Boy, and that means waiting. Trust me my brain has made all the arguments for saying screw it after five years without you; nearly drove me off the edge having to go through all of those days without you there. One thousand, eight hundred and seventy eight days I had to go through, not knowing if we’d ever get you back.’
‘She’s got a point,’ Natasha says, looking down at the two of them.
‘When do they want to see us?’ Steve asks, ignoring his friend’s surprise.
‘Well we need at least one for inside,’ Bucky answers, ‘then however many we find for outside.’
‘You’ve been asking Peter for my identity at any rate,’ Matt cuts across Natasha, ‘though you may find it difficult to believe.’
* * * * * * * *
The first day of Yule preparations arrives and manages to take Loki by surprise in how quickly it does so.
‘Hello? Tony? Is everything alright?’ May Parker answers after a couple of rings.
Wade fixes him with a hard look. ‘Please don’t tell me you’re going to pull the same stunt with the whole team?’
One look at Tony’s face when they reach the facility and Peter knows he’s in big trouble.
Tony raises an eyebrow and nods, asking FRIDAY to save their work. ‘I’ll head on up. You need me to grab anyone else or are Steve and Nat on it?’
There’s no response.
‘Doctor Strange is going to help me go through Venom’s memories,’ Peter’s voice is quiet, but determined, ‘he was taken by HYDRA so maybe he learnt something when they had him.’
‘I know,’ the voice reassures him, then sighs. ‘Alright I’ll wait until you can visit. Just don’t leave it too long, alright?’
‘Stark I swear, you don’t move and I’ll-’
‘None of your business,’ Bucky snaps at him, glaring to drive his point home. Loki simply sighs and takes out the carton of orange juice, raising an eyebrow in challenge.
‘I… this is still a strange idea to me,’ she admits, as Peter passes down the last of the boxes. ‘I think this is something that Gamora would have understood more than me.’ Nebula’s face, which is not normally expressive except in showing anger, is clouded over with what Tony can only describe as grief.
Matt seems to study him for a few moments, and Peter is beginning to wonder if the man actually can see, when the tension releases from his shoulders and he nods, gripping his cane in both hands. ‘Alright, Peter. And thank you.’
‘Whatever. See you when we get back, Rogers,’ Rumlow waves him off and leads the others out of the door, obviously upset at not having succeeded in riling Steve up. Sam winks at him as he closes the door behind them.
‘Loki’s a good bet though,’ Natasha says. ‘He could mask the others there, and is a pretty heavy hitter himself.’
is up to date on my failed love life.’
wishes. And I know that’s not true really.’
‘Yeah but you’ll tell Tony and I can keep a secret,’ she shoots back as the screen finishes closing and she turns back to Peter. ‘It
‘Tell me about it, a bored Tony Stark is dangerous,’ Steve tries to chuckle.
‘Yeah,’ he admits, feeling another wave of dizziness and closing his eyes, fighting back the need to shiver as his stomach turns. They sit in silence until Tony puts a platter in front of him.
‘Ok so what about my hand?’
‘Parker,’ he adds, holding out his hand.
‘Shoot him,’ Hammer says, stepping back behind his row of guards, ‘and bring me Tony Stark.’
‘Good,’ he smiles at the soldier, ‘being able to hide here and work on SI stuff has been helpful. I know I can’t just hide away in here the whole time though.’
‘Childhood friend as in
‘And you’ve got Deadpool looking as well?’
‘We’re alright,’ Wanda reassures them, ‘we’ve not seen anyone since waking up. The only thing we’ve got to go on are the runes stopping me from casting any spells.’
‘You’re the one who just pulled it open!’ he argues back. ‘You’re lucky I didn’t web you on sight.’
‘Well, not planning as such…it’s more of an idea I had that I wanted to run past you before talking to anyone else about. How does the idea of an “Avengers Retreat” sound?’
‘Because of his friendship?’
‘Oh god that was my reaction wasn’t it? I blame the painkillers. And the pain.’
‘Thor hasn’t got near it yet has he? He was talking about ‘”improving” it earlier with something I’m not even going to attempt to pronounce,’ she asks as she takes it from him.
‘Is he always this loud in a fight?’ Loki asks. ‘I assumed the last time it was due to him having immense amounts of frustration to release.’
‘He’s following strict instructions and not allowed to deviate,’ the soldier reassures them, then goes to take Mama’s arm and lead her to the elevator.
mentioned it earlier.’
Maybe it’s because the other man doesn’t push it, maybe it’s because he’s held onto this secret for so long, but Tony feels his mouth open of its own accord. ‘At the end of the fight,’ he croaks out, ‘when they finally got me down Steve drove his shield into my chest plate and cracked the arc reactor. It… it went out.’
Peter swallows, knowing he’s not going to like the answer. ‘Zemo. Helmut Zemo, the guy who forced us all to fight in Germany.’
‘Yes sir.’
Main reason: I want to put a bullet in between that son of a bitch’s eyes and watch the life drain out of him. No fucking mistakes this time.
‘Then are you staying?’
‘Tony I love you, but come on can you blame me?’
‘Spi-
‘We were told you’d be expecting us and we’d just have to give a reference number-’
Karen gives him instructions which he relays to the mercenary and they make their way along the rooftops to where the voices are coming from a side alley. They look down and Peter, with his enhanced hearing, doesn’t need Karen to make the voices clearer, despite them talking low. He does get her to record what they’re saying.
‘Tony it’s nearly impossible for me to get you to
‘Who’s Ajax?’ she asks as they head towards Weasel.
‘Peter help Bruce get Loki to the medical wing,’ Tony cuts across Steve, moving forwards. ‘Then I want you to find Dr Higgs, and
‘It was a glancing blow that I didn’t manage to duck in time. And I’m not sure what relevance my face has to the question of the extension.’
Loki sighs. ‘Something tells me you won’t be giving me much choice in the matter for this celebratory period.’
‘And? I’ll remember to wear a clean shirt, don’t worry.’
Peter groans. ‘Fine!’ He hauls himself to his feet and takes his can to the kitchenette to throw it away then heads towards the door. ‘You coming or do you really want to risk accidentally going into Bucky’s room rather than your own?’
Peter nods. ‘Daredevil gave me those addresses. Deadpool had done his own investigation and got all of the addresses except the Expo as potential places for HYDRA activity. He’s checking out some of them and getting back to me. Daredevil’s keeping tabs on things and will let me know if anything else comes up.’
‘At least take these before you go,’ Steve walks over and hands him some painkillers and a glass of water.
‘I thought you had Spidey-senses?’
future that we won,’ Tony counters.
Bucky laughs again. ‘Never mind, you’ll work it out eventually. Now I suggest you give Tony a day or so to let his logical brain kick in and then you go and apologise. Hopefully he’ll apologise too.’ The former assassin turns and heads back towards the doors.
‘Oh come off it, Stevie. Why are you overthinking this?  You are absolutely crazy about him. I knew you were crazy about him before everything with Thanos happened. You weren’t the same after we left Siberia, it was like you left a part of you behind somewhere. And anyone who has seen you together in the past year knows how crazy he is over you.
‘Not happening, Pool,’ he says, crossing his arms; his mask is still in his hand so the mercenary can see how serious he is. They stare at each other in a stand-off for a couple of moments.
Eventually they manage to take out Wanda by Peter waiting on the wall of one of the hangers and pelting her when she comes into view. Vision gets him with one before Wade takes him out of the game. FRIDAY also lets them know that Sam is out of the game too.  He drops to the floor and high fives Wade, grinning hugely as they look around for their next targets.
‘Of course,’ Miss Potts’ voice barely quavers and Steve has to admire her strength. ‘Will that be all, Mister Stark?’
‘It’s not a bad idea,’ Sam says when she finishes speaking. ‘Not only will it improve relations with the public but they’ll be more likely to trust us if we they get caught up in something we have to deal with.’
‘I want the three of you to stay and guard the bodies until Tony’s suits collect them. Then return to Jotunheim and organise the army, they must be ready to protect the realm. Then I want you to return here for further instructions; for now the defence of Jotunheim falls to Dagr when you not present.’
‘Merry Christmas, Loki,’ she replies with a small smile. ‘And better than other days at least. How about you?’ She frowns as she catches sight of Scott’s red face as he walks past. ‘You caught Scott didn’t you? How many others have you already ticked off your list this morning?’
‘Wait, what?’ Loki blinks, taken by surprise. Thor had been jealous of
‘Of course, Captain. I make sure that each person has their unique one prepared for them when they make coffee.’
‘Good I want to meet some of those new friends of yours. Two of them seem particularly lost.’
‘Lorena,’ Loki calls for his second in command, ‘I want you to take the Tesseract and run. Do not tell me where you are going, just go. Travel away from this world, away from Jotunheim. I shall send word to Jotunheim when we have secured victory and it is safe for you to return, until then you must not spend too long in any one place. Thanos cannot know where this is. If he cannot get all of the stones we may have a chance even if we do not win here today.’
‘Baby Boy you sure you’re alright?’ Wade’s voice is quiet.
‘You need to make sure you find all of them,’ Wade says from where he’s standing behind Peter, ‘they know who Pete is, we can’t risk any of them getting away.’
‘I’m certain of it. He’s attempting to gain all of the Infinity Stones. If Loki has brought the Tesseract with him then there are three stones here on Earth: one is with Vision,’ he points to the stone in the humanoid’s forehead, ‘and one is with a sorcerer Loki and I have met before.’
‘Hey Cap,’ he says, not looking up from where he’s rooting through the cupboards. ‘What do you fancy for dinner tonight? It’s my turn to cook, unfortunately for all of you.’
‘Deadpool shut it down,’ she explains. ‘Seems he managed to escape and then took it upon himself to shut it down. Very permanently.’
‘Do I get a free pass?’ Rhodey asks.
‘Damn it!’ Thor smacks a fist onto the bar top in front of him. ‘Why have we ended up in the only bar in the universe filled with cowards?’
December last year?’
It seems no one had been surprised. Well except for Clint and Scott, but that was because they hadn’t been at the facility much. Not even Peter was shocked, which had surprised Tony more than anything else.
‘You’ve got super strength you carry your own.’
‘Hans Gruber it is,’ he says, putting in the DVD. Just as the titles start up there’s a knock on the door. ‘Who the fuck interrupts Die Hard?’ he mutters to himself.
‘I knew you could do it, Buck,’ he says, feeling an answering smile tug at his own lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Uh…’ he rolls over and sees the alien about to hit him with another piece of debris. Then there’s someone standing over him, holding the alien’s fist back.
to make, but they aren’t necessarily needed. Not right now at least. ‘I need to make one more, then I’ll take a break.’
are you going to Hell’s Kitchen for? Peter? Don’t you dare hang up on me-’
‘Wade I will ask FRIDAY to confirm if I have to. Now answer the damn question.’
‘Hmm,’ Peter says, letting his eyes close. He lets out a protest as Wade moves his shoulder. ‘Stop moving I’m comfy.’
‘Yeah he has that amazing ability to either make everyone shout at him or stun them into silence,’ Peter laughs, unclenching his fists and sitting back down on the floor to return to his unfinished model.
Peter shrugs, then remembers the man can’t see the gesture. ‘Well I guess I can’t expect you to keep my identity secret if I won’t do the same for you.’
Tony groans. ‘When I had to talk Steve into letting Peter off.’
(See the end of the chapter for
He casts one look back over at the two when he reaches the door. Bucky’s been doing well in the healing process, but they’ve still got a long way to go and only two weeks left to do it. He’s still not able to stop himself from falling under someone’s control when the trigger words are said, but he can go further through the list before they start taking effect. Tony’s glad he’s more at ease with the rest of the team though, and watching him and Rhodes start to swap war stories he feels hopeful that they can manage this.
‘They’re all men I’ve worked with in the past,’ he explains. ‘I knew they were level headed and not prone to accepting other people’s opinions.’
‘Loki calls you the Winter Warrior,’ she reminds him softly as he grabs hold of her wrist and pulls her up again.
As always here's a sneak peek at the next chapter:
A/N: Hi everyone. Sorry this is a bit of a 'holding' chapter, next one will be a little more exciting.
Thank you so much for all the lovely comments that have been left on this story so far. Please do let me know what you think. I've changed around the order of how the next few stories are going to go, so it'd be interesting to hear what you all think as I'm still in the planning stages.
made a scene in his life.
‘Thanks,’ Betty’s smile grows and Peter and MJ share a knowing look over Ned’s oblivious head. Those two were so not as over each other as they think they are. ‘How are you feeling about this trip, Peter?’ Betty asks him. ‘It can’t be easy having us all descend when you’re used to working alone with the Avengers.’
‘Stop being such a baby,’ Wanda rolls her eyes, ‘I’m sure he’ll be fine. He can’t be
‘I had to let him have some fun before he went back to retirement,’ Natasha shrugs from the wall.
‘I am not a coward!’
‘We’re friends?’
‘Trust me, Pete, this is one present you are not going to want to miss,’ Bucky laughs and the two of them head back to the common area.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Where did they come from?’ Thor asks, pulling his hammer and lightning decorated one over his head.
‘Well well well, Captain America. I must say it’s an honour to finally meet you.’
,’ Valkyrie argues.
Steve blinks. ‘What, that’s it? No chewing me out on not having enough information? Just “alright”?’
The atmosphere in the room gets tense. ‘I’ll go get him,’ Peter says, hopping down from his stool at the breakfast bar.
‘I mean,’ Wade shrugs, ‘needs a shit ton of cleaning. Not to mention more than one coat of paint. But it
There will definitely be more to come from my alternate take on the MCU, but I'll be posting it as a new series. Think of this as 'Phase 1' and 'Phase 2' will be focusing on the team trying to get the Wakandan Accords passed through and taking down HYDRA.
‘Course you can,’ she cuts him off.
‘I like this human, can we please convince him to come on to the team? It would be much more entertaining, and less tedious.’
‘Oh thank god,’ Tony says as the plane hits the tarmac of the runway and begins to slow. ‘Hopefully at least one person on this plane will be on my side in this.’
‘He damn well better have listened,’ he grumbles.
and you’re actually
‘You won’t know until you call him, and you’ve given Captain Rogers plenty of time to read through the documents,’ Vision counters.
‘Come in,’ Natasha calls, not looking up from her tablet as she scans some of the information Strange and Wong had brought over; Tony had gotten FRIDAY to scan all the books and upload them to the facility’s framework so they could read it in their own time.
Everyone had been so drained from the past couple of days that they called it an early night at the facility. Tony smiles as Steve returns to their bedroom, the last of his possessions from his old room in his arms.
coming anywhere near me,’ she grins back.
worse. As it was Sam only got tangled in the lights and nearly pulled the tree down once, whereas Peter crashed into it about three times, and it was only Wanda’s quick reflexes that saved it on the last time. Tony had had to pull the teenager out of the branches and sent him to be checked over by Natasha, which by the time she’d given him the all clear they’d managed to finish decorating it.
‘I can’t believe you had that conversation with him,’ Steve mumbles.
‘Whatever you say, Mr Parker,’ Steve ruffles his hair, ‘whatever you say.’
‘Roger that, Cap,’ and only a few seconds later Rhodes flies over and grabs hold of Clint, taking him to another spot on the compound.
‘Don’t even think about suggesting to get your friends to throw their money around at me, Sam Wilson. I’m not taking charity, you hear? There’s more going on than just the money, Sam, and it’s not going to be fixed just by throwing a load at our problems. Aren’t you always complaining that’s what Stark does anyway?’
‘What?’ Wanda blinks in surprise.
‘Think we should invite Dumbledore?’ Tony suggests as Strange floats over to them.
‘Ok, getting too long now,’ he says after a few moments, earning himself a small smile from Peter. May gives him a grateful look over Peter’s shoulder. He stands up, pulling his suit jacket into place with a swift tug. ‘I better get back and see to our new guests. I expect you’ll be paying your usual monthly visit to us next weekend?’ At the kid’s bright smiled nod, he then adds. ‘I may have to speak to your aunt at some point about possibly making them bi-weekly when we’ve everyone back,’ he says half to himself and half to the other two occupants.
As for the knowledge of Wade’s inter-dimensional travel, well…
Thank you so much to everyone who has commented, I think I've replied to most of them but I'll sit down and catch up with any I've missed.
The committee discuss his suggestions as if he isn’t there. This would have riled him up before, but he’s learned over the last few months to just let the discussion wash over him.
‘Oh damn,’ he mutters. ‘We need someone that can knit.’
‘Harsh, Pep. How’s things with you and Happy?’
‘-as an infinity stone. I know I’ve been after the fucking thing for a week.’
Tony sighs. ‘Must you ruin
which had severely injured Bucky, and Steve himself had barely survived, they’d been stuck in this house with the rest of Rumlow’s squad. Steve was near crazy dealing with the asshole that was Brock Rumlow. Bucky was in and out of hospital too much to understand just how terrible this squad was. Well apart from Sam, he was actually a decent guy and Steve isn’t sure how such a nice guy ended up in this squad.
The whole team is gathered on the lawn outside of the facility, as Thor and Valkyrie prepare to leave, Loki is preparing himself for the magic he would need to perform and Tony can see Peter bouncing on the balls of his feet in excitement to see some ‘proper’ magic being performed. A term that, he noted, had slight offended Strange and Wong when he’d first said it during a meeting.
Agatha raises her hands, ready to cast her spell and Wanda can see her own power reflected in Agatha’s eyes.
Peter looks out towards the giant Christmas tree Bucky had won a couple of weeks ago, leaning half on the rail and half into Wade’s warmth. ‘I’m just… I’m just surprised that you’d want me I guess. I mean I’m still a kid, and apart from getting bitten by a radioactive spider there’s nothing that special about me. Even that was special in a whole different way; like stupid kind of special. I’m just the geeky kid that gets picked on at school, then spends my evenings swinging around the city pretending to be a superhero.’
‘Hey I like that, I’m borrowing that,’ Tony comes round the breakfast bar, coffee in hand.
Peter smiles and nods, Wanda gets up and joins him, grabbing one of his bags before he can take them both. ‘You’re an idiot you know that?’ she says fondly as they head down towards his room.
Bucky muses to himself. The commotion outside is getting closer and closer which means the words are getting clearer; someone is obviously not happy, but Bucky doesn’t recognise that voice, he’s not shouting, whoever it is, but from his tone he’s making enough of an impact. The other voice is one he does recognise: it’s the doctor in charge of his care and the man is shouting like Bucky is more used to him doing to his underlings. Needless to say Bucky doesn’t think much of him.
‘That’s all we can do for now,’ Strange sighs, ‘that alone has increased our chances of that future exponentially.’
Eventually only the angel is left.
‘Clint we don’t have much choice. Can you help me through?’
Next story:
‘You do know if you’d given me space I could have had the suit out right?’ he coughs around the dust from the explosion.
‘Alright,’ he says, walking into the back of the jet, ‘we got about half an hour until I need to take us off autopilot. Now,’ he crosses his arms over his chest and gives Wade a hard look, ‘you going to tell us what’s really going on?’
‘Oh man we had one that would throw the dictionary at you if she caught you misbehaving,’ he laughs in response.
‘I don’t deserve you, Baby Boy,’ Wade crushes him against his chest, holding on painfully tight and Peter knows he’s trying to hold back tears.
‘No,’ Steve breathes.
‘I was young and stupid,’ Thor mumbles, face red, ‘and I was jealous that mother had given you magic and said I didn’t have the patience for it.’
Friday during his last class, which is just as boring as every other week, he gets a message from Tony. He passes it to Ned who looks at him with huge eyes.
‘I’m trying not to think about it,’ Ned replies, ‘which isn’t helping with getting it done.’
‘I did…the things I did, Sam…they aren’t the kind of things you do and get a happy ending,’ is the quiet response he gets.
‘You might not be saying that when we find out there’s a rat infestation and half the roof has collapsed,’ he points out. ‘Come on, lets get in and see the state of the place.’
‘If I agree to fight you in this duel,’ Loki interrupts whatever Tony is about to say, ‘do you swear to leave Earth and not to harm anyone here?’
‘You don’t think something will happen? One of us will get attacked?’ Wanda asks, a worried frown on her face.
As always here is your sneak peek:
‘Can’t believe you didn’t just
he was sorry. He apologised to
‘In this case, Steve or I could manage it alone,’ Bucky explains as Steve takes a couple of steps back to give himself a small run up and easily makes it to the top, ‘which means we can then help the agents up, or in this case: Steve can pull Peter up.’
There’s a brief pause. ‘Of course I do.’
‘And why would I tell you?’ he snaps, preparing to shoot a web.
‘Buck, don’t even think-’
you begin to feel too tired?’
‘Displaying on the screen for you now, Agent Romanoff,’ the AI responds.
‘Seriously? Don’t let him hear you say that or you’ll be dead.’
Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos on this story. I'll be honest I was slightly worried people wouldn't want to keep reading into another series, so I'm glad you're still enjoying it. Do let me know if anyone has any requests!
‘Damn it,’ they say in unison.
‘What-’
‘She does make a good point,’ Bucky interrupts. ‘And out of everyone here Wanda and I are the ones who best know what HYDRA is capable of
‘Heads up Valkyrie!’ Sam shouts, a bottle of beer arcing over the top of their heads to be catch by the woman’s lightning reflexes. She twists the cap off and raises it in a toast before downing it in nearly one.
‘Two minutes ago,’ her voice comes from behind him and he turns to give her a hug in greeting. ‘You miss me, Tony?’
‘Loki wasn’t
happy with having Loki as their leader, but they had accepted their king’s instructions and agreed to it; Loki had promised to leave them in peace for the majority of the time and ‘check in’ a couple of times a day to ensure everything was alright as a kind of peace offering.
‘What? How long has this been going on for?’ Sam demands as he pulls away.
‘Sounds like that teenager it has become so friendly with,’ Sam laughs.
‘He’s definitely an improvement on your boyfriend.’
Hands, much more gentle this time help him to sit up.
‘No, uh,’ he swallows past the lump in his throat, ‘we’ll explain later alright? Steve can you contact T’Challa and get him to head over here? It might be worth him bringing Shuri as well.’
Do let me know what you think. Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos! I will make sure I get round to finishing all my replies to comments this weekend. Sorry my weeks are just super full at the moment so weekends are about the only chance I get to respond.
‘I suggested it, Stark,’ Bucky says evenly. Tony looks over at him and swears he can see a glint of amusement in the other man’s eyes. Maybe they will get along after all.
‘Nice to know I’m appreciated at least,’ he smirks at her. ‘Now, I shall attempt to explain this in a much simpler way than my brother. And the
‘No it didn’t,’ Peter says, ‘I’m going to put my bags in my room.’
‘What do you have against him, Buck?’ he asks, genuinely curious. ‘I’ve never known you so set against someone before. And don’t tell me it’s just because of his history with mind control. I’ve known you since we were kids, Buck, there’s something more to it than just that.’
Thor knows he can’t win this fight. The Titan is too strong. But he’s not going to give up and roll over like a coward. So he struggles to hold Stormbreaker away from his chest and snarls at his enemy above him. The blade is just about to pierce his armour when something smacks into the side of Thanos’ head, knocking him off balance, and then flies back the way it came, hitting him on the other side of the head as it does.
Natasha looks confused then her face slips in a smile and she comes round his side of the work station. ‘I have no idea what you’re talking about, Tony Stark,’ she says, ‘but then I’m used to that by now. I trust you,’ she presses a kiss to his cheek. ‘Thank you. I don’t think I deserve to have this, but it means a lot that you think I do.’
‘How do you mean?’
Bucky scowls deeper and gives Tony the middle finger. ‘Yeah right, you two aren’t getting out of that bed for ages yet. If you leave me to deal with the terrible Christmas twins and Deadpool alone for any amount of time I’m coming down here and removing you both from bed. I don’t care how dressed or undressed you are!’ With that he stalks off, closing the door behind him.
‘Peter-’
‘Honestly? Someone shorter. Possibly with glasses.’
sense of what is normal.’
There’s a pause on the other end. ‘Not really…’
Peter looks down. ‘Well I didn’t think you were his
‘How’s the head doing, Lokes?’ Tony asks from where he’s still sitting on the sofa that evening, going through the work Pepper had left him. He’s had FRIDAY upload it to his pad which is making for much easier reading. Why would he still be using paper? Honestly.
‘Next year we need to make sure Sergeant Barnes isn’t sent to get a tree,’ he grumbles.
‘Hey Bucky, catch!’ Sam throws Bucky’s knitted sweater over to him.
‘Easy for you to say. You’re not the one with a piece of metallic junk attached to your brain that’s slowly killing you,’ he says, looking up at the ceiling he’s been looking at for the past few months. One of Steve’s paintings in stuck up there, and there’s some more around the room. His friend’s attempt to give him something other than sterile white to look at.
‘No I don’t think he will.’
A/N: Hi everyone! So the team are finally getting their backsides in gear to rescue Tony. I hope you enjoyed this chapter, do let me know what you think and do let me know if there is anything in particular you'd like me to try and tackle. I've had requests for WinterIron and Stuckony stories that have got my brain going so keep the suggestions coming in.
Tony’s down in his workshop late that evening. They’ve all eaten dinner together, along with some of the cookies, and Sam has taken Peter home. The door to his workshop is open, so the person he’s called walks right on through.
‘You’re threatening me with telling Tony? Do you really think we’re
‘If your people are content to be around mine,’ he tells her, ‘then they will always have some land in my country where they are welcome to set up their tents for as long as they desire. It is my understanding that you are constantly moving?’
‘Buck?’
‘But…’ she looks distraught, cradling Vision’s broken body in her lap, ‘I can’t.’
‘And break with all world governments,’ Natasha looks warily between them all. ‘It could undo everything we’ve worked for the past year and a half. Everything
that.’
Natasha can hear Steve chuckling as the AI responds. ‘I’m sorry Colonel, but you do not have authority to override any of Mr Stark’s orders. I might suggest you contact Miss Potts, who still does have authority.’
He follows the trail of bodies that lead back towards the burning buildings, then a gunshot cuts through the roaring of the flames and he turns, hurrying towards it.
‘I got him,’ Carol says, landing next to them and channeling her power at the Titan.
Tony stands, for what he hopes is the last time, on an increasingly familiar stretch of tarmac; Wanda and Vision are standing next to him, and Happy is back at the car. He’s decided to treat them with the limo; it rarely gets taken out and it’s got space for the largest number of people. He doesn’t even attempt to stop his fidgeting as the plane comes into sight, and does his best to ignore Wanda’s smirk.
'You might want to go take a look,' Weasel suggests.
‘Of course not! Nat’s like my sister, there’s no way I’m scared of her.’
He does and they manage to make it to see the Council with five minutes to spare. ‘Tony? What should we expect when we go in?’ he asks the shorter man beside him.
‘So there was this competition on for the tallest tree for sale,’ he explains, ‘that said if you could lift it you got it for free. So-’
‘We’re a family,’ Bucky says from behind him.
Peter startles awake, still trying to work out exactly what it was that woke him up. Next to him Wade is sitting up, one arm around his waist and the other holding out a gun.
Wanda and Strange levitate into the air together, Agatha rising to follow them, the dark light of her magic dancing around her finger tips.
‘Pete? Now would be good,’ Bucky says, running up a slight incline and then launching himself towards the beast. Peter sets off his taser webs and the beast roars in pain, rearing up on its hind legs in an attempt to claw Peter off its back with its front legs. Bucky’s aim is perfect. The combined strength of his metal arm and the force of his sprint and jump combine so he thrusts the sword into the beast’s throat up to the hilt. It gives a chocked roar of pain and then collapses backwards.
bad,’ he grumbles.
‘Get them to meet us at the Sanctum, FRI.’
‘If that’s what happens when they become teenagers can we find an anti-ageing serum before Cassie hits it please?’ he hears Scott say as he breaks into a run down the corridor.
‘More walking?’ Tony sighs.
‘If you two even think about ganging up on me I’m giving Natasha all your secrets,’ he warns the two of them, and has the pleasure of seeing Loki pale. They walk down the street, following Matt until he turns down a side street.
Suddenly Tony’s reaction makes a little more sense. ‘So when I said about taking the suit away for practise-’
‘Give it a week or so, if he’s still being strange I’ll stick Nat on him.’
Clint laughs and grins up at him. ‘Hulk, buddy, if it weren’t for you there would have been no point in me being here. We missed you, Big Guy, it’s good to have you back.’
‘Did you choose all the Disney films?’
‘You think it’s true?’ she asks him.
‘Ok fair point. Be prepared Miss Potts: here is our very own Steve.’
Turns out Ice Queen has a half brother from Jotunheim who is now the king and wants to kill him so he can’t take over the throne. Some weird shitty overly contrived reason anyway. Important thing is: Loki ends up having to kill his half brother and now he’s king of Jotunheim. Yep still predictable as shit.
‘He said they want to,’ he responds, handing each of them their glass.
He feels Steve shift slightly to look at the clock and makes a noise of protestation. His boyfriend just chuckles again and runs a hand through his hair as he twists back. ‘Um… just after half seven.’
‘Of course,’ Lautenus says.
‘Well for once, my dear Captain,’ Tony smiles back, ‘my brain appears to be working slowly enough that I can be
Wanda is tired of listening to the woman’s chattering and sends a ball of energy at her. Agatha simply absorbs it.
'Not that it isn't nice to see you,' Sam interrupts. 'But what brings you to our neck of the woods?'
‘Oh come on!’ he protests, crossing his arms. ‘I am
‘So this whole thing was pointless?’ the man demands
‘Its fine, Thor,’ Steve smiles at him, ‘besides this sounds like it’s going to be a lot of fun. Not that we’ll be doing it
‘Wait, the kid that stole Steve’s shield? He’s one of the hostages?’ Wanda asks, scrambling to her feet, her mind racing. ‘The one who wouldn’t stop talking?’
‘Is that a question or a request?’
‘Woah really? That must have been terrifying!’
There's surprise visitors at the facility on Boxing Day, and a snowball fight ensues.
‘He reminds me of my mom when he does that,’ Shuri whispers to Peter, he laughs and takes off his lab coat.
Peter gives a little laugh then walks over to her, taking the mug of hot chocolate from her hand he gives her the angel. ‘It’s your turn this year.’
Thor laughs. ‘If I had to choose a bride simply on their ability to rule at my side there would be no other choice than you, Valkyrie. But although I hold you in high regard I am intending to make a queen of someone who holds my love, and I do not feel for you in that way.’
‘Sam Wilson should be here in a moment to help direct everyone to the accommodation we’ve set up for you, he should be here already I do apologise for his lateness. Although,’ she looks at Peter out of the corner of her eye, ‘Pete could always help me seeing as Sam’s gone AWOL.’
‘Steve chill,’ Bucky laughs.
‘Boss?’ FRIDAY comes through the comms unity. ‘Agent Romanov is asking if you and Captain Rogers are intending to steal all the glory or if you’re going to leave some aliens for the rest of the team to deal with?’
‘So, kid, how’s the crazy fan been then?’ Bucky asks, voice innocent but the grin on his face is anything but.
it?’ Loki frowns.
Bucky says, groggy even through the link.
Left alone Steve’s brain finally catches up with him.
‘Hey Pete!’ Wanda says, smiling at him over the back of the sofa.
forgive you.’
Steve walks into the main kitchen towelling his hair from the shower; only Tony is in there, everyone else still getting ready after the soccer game.
tried to protect
Steve shrugs. ‘There’s been so much going on we’ve not really had a lot of time for us.’
‘Yeah,’ he croaks out, unable to even attempt to calm his shaking as he pushes his covers off, letting the cool air of the room calm him. Before he’s even managed to get his breathing under control his door is opening and Steve’s walking in, only in his pyjama trousers and hair still mussed from sleep.
the one that makes us all laugh. You. Are. Bucky!’
Thank you to everyone who continues to leave comments and kudos on this story, I really do appreciate them all. I'm sorry I haven't had chance to respond to them yet, it's been a bit of a crazy week. I will do it by the end of the weekend though.
‘Then go for it,’ he tells her, ‘and know we’ll all be here for you should it all head south. Both of you.’
‘I haven’t actually said much to you at all this evening,’ Tony quips as he opens the door and walks through, taking a seat at one of the chairs in the double room.
The people Bucky passes stop talking when they realise who is walking down the steps of the auditorium, and Steve has to keep in his laughter at Peter’s face when he catches sight of the man walking towards him. Steve is still a few steps up when Bucky reaches the teenager and pulls him into a hug, obviously shocking a lot of people in the auditorium. After a couple of seconds the teenager returns it.
Peter just nods. Before anyone can say anything else Bucky hears the sound of people approaching.
Peter makes it back just in time, and there's a couple more familiar faces.
‘Peter I’m picking up some voices that you’ve met before,’ Karen says and he motions for Deadpool to keep quiet. ‘Sounds like some of the old members of the Vulture’s gang; the lower ranking ones that managed to get away,’ she clarifies. ‘Want me to give you sound?’
‘How about,’ Tony grins, ‘we all get settled while these two fan-boy over a shared hero?’
‘Lucky for me it did. Although it gave me my healing abilities, and I can recover from anything, it gave me all these scars. The healing abilities counter the cancer as fast as the cells grow, and this,’ he gestures at his skin, ‘is the price I pay. So no more front page photo shoots, now its Hallowe’en posters.’
Hope you're all staying safe.
‘You’re getting it, Hermione, stop beating yourself up,’ Tony says, voice calm. ‘Now let’s try something different.’
‘You alright Sergeant Barnes?’ he asks, his face glowing from the cold wind and the grin on his face.
Rosie stirs and wriggles on his chest as he lays back down, arms protectively around her to keep her safe. ‘Baba’ she mutters in her sleep and settles back down again.
‘We may have an added complication,’ Natasha’s face appears on Steve’s other side.
‘The looking through my mind. It won’t hurt will it? I mean it didn’t hurt when anyone else did it but I don’t know if that’s just because I was still a little out of it.’
Peter looks down at his hands in his lap. ‘I mean I was just trying to get rid of enough energy that I wouldn’t need to do anything tomorrow,’ he tries to defend himself.
‘Sam, I really don’t think Tony would be-’
Tony considers his next words before answering. ‘Bringing two back who are not going to be going into active duty gives us the opportunity to show those that will be that we can keep our side of any terms as long as they stick to theirs. It also gives all of us the opportunity to test how easy it will be to find mutually agreeable terms.’
anything.
Is the response from Wade.
‘I tried,’ Fury frowns at him, ‘but he ghosted me.’
‘Tony!’ Steve shouts as he drops the faceplate and launches himself along the corridors towards the office door.
T’Challa laughs. ‘Indeed.’
Thor and Valkyrie leave the facility on the start of their journey, and the rest of the team part ways
‘I thought that would have been Ultron?’ Vision queries.
, Steve. You left me, without a backwards glance, with someone else. Why the
you speak to from Stark Industries Stevie, and how?’
‘Yeah?’ Steve looks at the youngster.
he thought he’d killed them all. Wouldn’t you be a bit freaked out?’
‘Not too bad all things considered. What about you?’
‘At least we’re improving,’ Wanda laughs, then turns to greet Vision and Rhodey as they enter the room.
? Like what if he’s just using it as an excuse to keep me at arm’s length and then as soon as I turn eighteen he’s going to lose that excuse and then it’ll be because he isn’t actually attracted to me and actually this was just a ploy to get onto the team and to help get his reputation back on track so he isn’t going to be hunted out of every city he moves to?’
As they start on the second verse, steadily more and more of the team go to join them, picking up discarded carol sheets along the way. When they start the last verse and Natasha starts singing the descant part he can’t help but look at her in surprise.
‘Why do I feel like everyone is enjoying the fact this kid is ignoring me way too much?’ Fury sighs.
‘Yeah, they do. You got a problem with that speak to Mr Stark. Until then you leave Deadpool to me and get back to Hell’s Kitchen. You look after your neighbourhood and I’ll look after mine. You need a hand with anything you let me know. Until they stay out of my neighbourhood.’
Tony pauses, looking at the coffee in his mug. He hasn’t even thought about Christmas, but of course he’d be spending it with Steve. The only issue is neither of them have any family left so there’s nowhere to go unless he runs with Bucky’s suggestion of a remote cabin somewhere. ‘What’s everyone else doing?’ he asks, buying himself time to think. He doesn’t even know what Steve would
Wade winks and stands to follow Bucky and Natasha.
‘So where are we at now?’ Steve asks.
‘Where are you now?’
Wanda nods, and Tony sees her watching Steve out of the corner of her eye while Peter continues to talk to her.
That’s awesome!’ he says, nearly loud enough to get them caught.
‘As much as I enjoy these celebrations,’ Loki admits once the door is closed behind them, ‘it’s nice to have a measure of peace.’
‘Got them made for you,’ Tony says, coming over to help the kid put them on. ‘I would have left them in your room but I wanted to talk to you about Wade.’
Natasha looks up, eyes narrowing and nods. ‘Get everyone up here, FRIDAY,’ she tells the AI, ‘and put the call through.’
‘I love it,’ he says, ‘thank you.’ She squeezes him back and when he pulls away he can see unshed tears in her eyes. Wanda gives him another smile and then leaves him in the hands of Aunt May.
‘Wanda, I think perhaps we should stop,’ Vision says again.
‘It’s like a sixth sense,’ Peter explains, ‘it lets me know if I’m in danger. Anything from something being thrown at me, to helping me dodge punches, to someone who wants to hurt me. It’s a bit like an alarm system. But around Deadpool it’s never gone off.’ He snatches the apple out of the air that Bucky’s just thrown at him without turning round. Then throws it back and turns and glares at the dark haired man. ‘Told you.’
‘We are having a
Steve smiles and shakes his head. ‘Didn’t want to lose you as my right hand man, Buck,’ he replies. ‘Anyway if something had gone south on a mission and I went down or got separated from the group you were the only one who’d be able to get them back to base.’
Steve doesn’t let him get any further. He shoots the hand that’s holding the gun pointing at Tony, sending the weapon spinning and Rumlow clutching his hand in agony. Using the moment of surprise he then shoots the gun out of Caesar’s hand. Bucky’s only a split second behind his shot at Rumlow, firing at Andrew and then Paul. Sam’s left holding his gun and blinking at the lack of enemy. As Blake gets to his feet though, he reacts quickly and presses the gun to the other’s head.
‘What did Mr Harris mean when he said you would be the best person to be partnered with on the trip?’ Harry asks him, trying to blow some of his brown hair out of his eyes.
Bucky reaches out a hand towards her, but the effort is too much. His eyes close as hands grab his shoulders.
‘Why? Don’t you trust him?’ Bucky asks. ‘If you don’t trust him then why did you let the others go?’
Do let me know what you think, comments are always welcome!
He laughs. ‘That’s all you can say?’
‘Maybe you should actually go and find
‘I swear everyone on this team is shit at relationships,’ Natasha rubs her forehead with her thumb and first two fingers.
‘I still need to clear it with my teacher,’ Peter says, suddenly feeling shy now that Tony’s entered the room again.
of us?’
‘Right,’ Rocket still doesn’t look like he quite understands.
‘They trust the judgement of a teenage boy?’ Daredevil eventually asks.
‘Wade don’t feel like you have to invite anyone,’ Steve reassures him, ‘but you’re a part of this team and we’d like to be able to meet some of your friends.’
‘How?’ the doctor asks.
‘I’m sorry, who kept begging me for a suit?’ Tony asks, moving to take a seat in one of the armchairs; Bucky follows behind him, the man has been like a second shadow ever since they got back. He’s still trying to work out if he’s creeped out by it.
‘Ready?’ the red head asks.
Flash turns to face Captain America with his most charming smile. ‘Of course, Captain Rogers. Just a small accident.’
‘I’m sure with a fully-fledged and a baby genius around we’ll work something out.’
It’s amazing really. As soon as he stops focussing on his eyes being open and not being able to see everything becomes so much clearer. He can hear the air leaving Steve’s nose as he punches out, he can feel it’s coming for his right shoulder and he glides out of the way, half pirouetting on one foot to face where the soldier ends his attack. His hands come up into a defensive stance, ready to try and attack back on his next dodge.
‘Always,’ Peter grins, taking his spider emblem out of his pocket and pressing it into his chest; the nanotech hidden inside spread out across his body, encasing him in his Iron Spider suit. Out of the corner of his eye Loki glows with golden light before his Asgardian armour falls around his shoulders. Luckily he doesn’t include the cape this time. It’s not exactly stealthy.
‘Indeed,’ Loki hopes his voice isn’t as strained as he thinks it is.
There’s an awkward silence for a couple of moments, then he hears Deadpool sigh. ‘I left a job unfinished once,’ he says, and Peter turns to look back at him. The merc’s head is down, looking at the street below them. ‘It was fucking stupid, but I was running late for meeting my girlfriend for our anniversary. So I left it unfinished and didn’t take out the last target, thinking I’d just deal with the bastard another day.
‘Buck-’
‘Unfortunately Barnes is proving to be an exceptionally gifted pupil when it comes to giving me a headache,’ the trickster grumbles, taking a seat opposite.
‘I’m sorry, sir,’ the soldier cuts off the driver, ‘but without a pass I can’t let you through. I’ve not been given any instructions on expecting any visitors.’
try and help.
about you, and the things we were worried about we didn’t want to be discussing in front of Steve and Tony. Or any of the others really because they hadn’t worked it out.’
‘Is that the Avengers Facility?’
‘Are you saying he’s not cute enough to be taken up by a sex ring?’
work through it and you will succeed. You are one of the most determined people I know, and one of the smartest. And where you struggle the rest of us will be there to help you.
‘You promised you wouldn’t say anything,’ Tony reminds him. ‘Now why don’t you go be a gentleman and help bring the things up from the car? I’ll find a way to torment Bucky and then come help.’
I thought Tin Can was bad, but you’ve obviously started surpassing him there and I’m not sure-’
‘Apparently it’s not sulking,’ Sam rolls his eyes, ‘he’s, and I quote, “processing to see how he can improve”.’
‘I’m more than happy to watch,’ Tony quips with a suggestive eyebrow. Steve just rolls his eyes and gets out of bed, throwing the inventor over his shoulder and marching to the bathroom. Tony laughing the whole way. ‘I take it I’m not allowed to watch then?’
‘I’m going to give you more than one,’ she says, ‘I need a
By far the most interesting thing he has ever been called into though, and that includes Clint’s arrows covering him in bright pink powder which he still hasn’t found out
‘My moneys on Valkyrie,’ he says.
‘I’m not complaining,’ he chuckles in response, then he notices Steve’s frown as the man looks down. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘I’m sorry, miss,’ he mumbles, looking down at his desk.
he sighs.
Carol simply nods, allowing Wanda to hold the gauntlet with her power and float in between them. ‘You ready?’ she asks the girl, who gives her a nod. ‘Then let’s do this.’
‘So something has happened,’ Natasha deduces.
‘Why would you want pineapple on pizza?’ Peter asks.
‘Need some company?’ Natasha asks, coming to sit in Thor’s vacant seat.
Loads of tension between Cap and Tin Can, which alternates between arguments and near kisses. Oh my GOD did it take them forever to get together or what? We also find out old Snowflake (aka the Winter Soldier) has a bit of a thing for Tin Can too, and our Stony nearly became a Winter Iron. But then Tin Can gets threatened by Hammer who is now working for HYDRA (“No? Really? We didn’t see that coming a mile off” I hear you all say), then Hammer turns up at Petey’s school and tries to threaten him and Tin Can turns up and is all “fuck off and don’t touch my kid, Hammer” so then Hammer gets his buddies HYDRA to try and catch Tin Can and Peter. Luckily Peter calls me, rest of the team turns up, and we get Tin Can and Peter out of there and off to safety at the facility.
still a kid though, legally anyway, and in many ways, you are still a kid. And that’s what we love about you, though. Your idealism would be sickening if Steve hadn’t been building up my immunity for years. We all want to protect that in you, Pete, because this life sucks it out of you way too fast. At the same time, we’ve all seen you in action and we trust you to have our backs when things go sideways. Just…bear with us alright?’
‘No they’re not.’
‘Slow it down, Ant-Man,’ Steve tells him. ‘We need to get the team together and do Hulk containment until we can get him to turn back into Bruce. Think a lullaby would work?’ His last question is aimed at Natasha.
There’s a long silence. ‘Tacos?’
‘And then Black Widow turned up to our Decathlon team meeting to pick up Pete and you should have seen how green Flash went,’ Betty chuckles.
‘No he’s definitely not
‘He’s back! Can we give him presents yet?’ Wanda asks excitedly.
‘Did you really turn Mr Thor into a frog?’ Cooper asks.
testing my fucking self-control here.’
‘You ready Pete? I’ll be coming for you first,’ Steve says.
There’s a couple of moments quiet again. Then Bucky breaks it. ‘You remember Jacques blowing up that tank by rolling under it and strapping the bomb underneath?’
‘Place the call, FRIDAY, its way past time I spoke to the old man again.’
‘Loki!’ Peter’s voice is full of relief.
‘One more afternoon,’ Tony groans as he sinks back into the chair once the waitress leaves with their order, ‘one more afternoon and then we can leave. One more afternoon and I don’t have to look at that goddamn smarmy face of that bastard’s lawyer and
‘May you already got me so much,’ he protests.
‘It’s only not helping because it’s true,’ the other soldier teases him.
be able to come to terms with this.’
‘I didn’t say I knew for certain,’ Matt says, ‘only that if I had to say what I thought it was I’d say an infinity stone. That’s why I need your help.’
‘No I wouldn’t,’ Deadpool agrees. ‘Go get them, Spider-Man. Save some bad guys for me.’
‘Wander around Central Park?’ Steve asks, a small smile on his face.
‘I imagine it is something the Jotun’s have done,’ Loki sighs, repeating the message to Bucky.
‘Fine,’ Peter huffs, crossing his arms over his chest, ‘I had a crush on my childhood friend before I even
Wanda and Vision have an unexpected emergency, Steve and Bucky have a chat, and Natasha goes to Strange for help when she realises their friends are missing.
‘Do you always give back handed compliments or am I just special?’
Tony shakes his head with his own answering chuckle and then hands Steve three boxes and gestures to the waiting bowls. ‘Three flavours one flavour in each bowl, just keep the bags going until we’ve filled them all.’
‘Thank you. How goes the celebrations inside?’
‘Of course, Captain, sir,’ FRIDAY’s voice comes through the speakers, making everyone jump, ‘I’m happy to help any of you with any questions you may have, but I must repeat the Captain’s request for you not to go outside of limits unless accompanied by a member of the facility staff. Oh, and Peter? Boss has asked me to remind you that you are not excused from your lab work this afternoon.’
‘Oh there’s been
‘Guys, somethings happening out on the street,’ Bruce cuts through the argument, and the sound of yelling finally reaches the rest of the group.
, Wade. I’m not exactly anything special.’
‘Of course,’ the humanoid responds.
Steve kisses his forehead and smiles back. ‘Make your call, then come and join us.’
‘Peter is asking if you could help him with something in the training room, it’s rather urgent.’
‘I’d rather he stay off the team for now,’ Tony admits, ‘he becomes an Avenger and suddenly all the big players take more of an interest in him. He stays the ‘friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man’ and he only has to deal with the small time people. But he enjoys being here and being with the team. And when the next big thing goes down, and it’s going to at some point, there’s nothing you or I can do to stop him getting involved.’
‘I mean I
‘I can’t make it any bigger, Rhodey,’ he calls back, ‘or it’ll become unstable. What if I send the suit through?’
‘I never thought I’d say this Peter,’ Betty says, ‘but you are pretty cool.’
‘I’m sorry, Thor,’ Steve says; the god simply nods.
‘You want him to fuck some random prostitute with about five different STIs?’ he challenges her.
Cardy sits back and speaks with the people either side of him. Ross isn’t given much input and this gives Tony a rather smug feeling which he tries to keep off his face. He’s not sure he succeeds.
‘We’re having a serious talk about why you decided to go black again, Baby Boy,’ the man says. ‘But for now. Who wants a glove?’
Steve raises an eyebrow and shakes his head, leaning down to place a kiss on his lips so Tony knows he’s not really in trouble. ‘You all finished?’
The inventor gives him a small, genuine smile and puts a hand on his shoulder. ‘You’re alright, Wade Wilson. Remind me to give you my number before you leave, you’re welcome here any time.’
‘What’s up Steve?’ he asks quietly, running his hands up and down the soldier’s arms in an effort to comfort him. ‘Your mind’s going so fast even
‘Where’s my favourite female avengers?’ Tony asks as he enters the common room the next morning, far too bright and cheerful considering how much was drunk yesterday and how late they went to bed.
past time we got hitched.’
‘You will need to repair the hole in the wall, though,’ Steve points to where there’s a sizeable dent in the wall, his backpack laying on the floor underneath it.
So douchebag that writes this stuff is saying she wants to take a break from this series for a little bit and wants to do something different. I know right? Stopping me and my Baby Boy being together, it’s fucking sacrilege! And I don’t care if she says there’ll be more it won’t the same and- HEY! WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU’RE-
‘What-’
‘Avengers!’ Steve yells, and he hears the team running towards them through the woods, sees Thor’s form flying over the trees. Peter flips back, black webs still attached to the gauntlet and holding Thanos’ arm back as the rest of the team appear around them, circling the two combatants. They don’t need another word to move as one, converging on their greatest enemy.
‘The Guardians are happier to trust the Avengers than us, besides Rocket seems to be in charge of their comms and I’ll be honest he’s not the easiest to discuss things with.’
‘There’s no proof it was me,’ Rumlow points out, ‘this is all pure conjecture, you’re just jumping to conclusions. Besides why the hell do you care, Rogers? I know you get a stick up your ass about doing our fucking “duty” but this is more than that. Wait,’ his eyes narrow and he looks between Steve and Tony and Bucky; then they widen in realisation. ‘You went to the party didn’t you? You fucking bastard you disobeyed my direct order and went to the party. You told them about Barnes’ arm.’
‘So, while you shacked up with Spider-Man, poor old Vanessa here had to deal with a broken heart, feeling abandoned. Unloved. Discarded.’
Tony shook his head. ‘Actually I was thinking of Agent Clint Barton and Scott Lang.’
‘Fuck you, Rogers,’ Rumlow snaps, standing to his feet as well, ‘and it’s still “Captain” to you in case you’d forgotten. You’re still part of this squad.’
‘Like making him to do his homework and telling him off over detention?’ Steve teases him.
A/N: First of all thank you as always to all of you for your continued support of this story; to my wonderful reviewers and to everyone who has left kudos on this story. You are all amazing!
‘That’s fair,’ the man laughs and Peter flips so he’s back on his feet. ‘Now: food or presents?’
Steve just nods as she takes her coffee and pads out of the room. Something in the back of his mind balks at the suggestion.
‘Had a change of plans,’ he explains. ‘Mind if I join in?’
‘I don’t know what you are trying to imply,’ Loki sniffs.
‘Relax, kid,’ he chuckles. ‘I just want you to know that I approve.’
‘Yeah, but you still love me,’ Tony mutters back, grinning as Steve laughs and gives him another kiss.
Tony calls over to them with a question from where he is sitting with Strange and Bruce, and Loki goes over to join their conversation. As they talk he notices Thor heading towards his bedroom, the figurine in his hand, and hopes that this time things can continue to be better between them.
‘What?’ Hammer shrieks as the men blocking the exit to the compound start going crazy.
Tony just shrugs. ‘At least Pepper can’t be annoyed at me for once.’
‘That’s for behaving way too much like Tin Can. Come on Lightning Bolt lets go find something fun to do.’
‘Shh, honey,’ May pulls him into a tight hug.
‘He’s not
‘Look,’ Steve sighs, rubbing his temples, ‘why don’t you agree to let us watch over Loki for tonight? He nearly died from wounds Thanos inflicted on him earlier today, he isn’t exactly in much shape to be trying to bust out of a bouncy castle, let alone a hospital room; the guy can barely stand by himself. Come back tomorrow around lunch time when the rest of our team should be here and we can all sit down like grown-ups and discuss the best course of action. Agreed?’
‘I agree.’ The tall man sighs and then leaves the room, saying he has a physio appointment.
‘Neither,’ he responds to his assistant. ‘Ajax can continue with his studies for now, he has already done well to bring an additional ally or two from alternate realities, despite this latest setback; I’m hoping he will provide us with better results if we allow him some time and space. By the end of this next stage of our plan, he will need to produce better results, or else I shall be visiting him personally.’
‘Oh trust me you don’t.’
Natasha nods. ‘Just like you said, it wouldn’t have been fair to him when I was thinking I was cheating on someone else.’
‘Should I be worried?’
‘We are not needed for celebrations at the facility for another two hours, any longer and the team will start to come here wondering what’s happened, which I imagine we do not want.’
‘Am I the only one who
‘I’m here, Tony,’ he tries his best to comfort the man. ‘We’re all here. We’re getting you out.’
‘Which means he has to have discovered where the Soul Stone is,’ Strange concludes.
‘Tony Stark’s missing,’ he admits, fighting back the tears, ‘I need your help to find him. All the trails are turning cold the Avengers are trying to follow, and it’s my fault he was taken in the first place.’
‘Checking which take aways are still open. Just in case.’
‘Too damn right,’ Steve growls.
‘Mr Stark I know what you’ve just been saying isn’t going to help you believe me, but he’s not a bad person.’
‘No one’s entered who shouldn’t have done,’ Wade says as he flops into a chair next to Clint, everyone turns to stare at him. ‘What?’
‘I say nice things about you all the time.’
‘The vest has enough explosives to bring the lobby down,’ the mechanical voice replies, ‘the man standing behind Peter has a similar vest.’
Loki. Maybe try looking at it like that.’
‘Nat?’ Steve shouts.
The first laugh all day sounds in the room, and even if it is strained it certainly helps to lift the mood. They all follow T’Challa down to his private dining room, where Nakia and Okoye are already waiting with Shuri and Wade; everyone sits down together and, as they help themselves to the food laid out in front of them, they start sharing their information.
‘Is he trying to blame Nat for this?’ Rhodes laughs.
Not when Peter himself basically had it committed to memory. Well it was the first time Mr Stark had texted him rather than passing a message through Happy:
Tony leads Strange to the kitchenette where they can sit on the stools and work on their batch of decorations, Sam joins them while Steve goes to keep an eye on Bucky and Peter.
‘Spidey? I just wanted to say thank you for what you did yesterday.’
Bruce is right. Clint does a rather spectacular projectile vomit, thankfully over the side of the balcony, so Wade rewards him by helping him back to his room, and even giving Natasha the finger on his behalf as she teases him.
‘We’ll follow your lead,’ Steve nods and gives him a small smile, pulling him into his embrace. Natasha leaves them as Tony feels some of his tension melt away, safe in the cocoon of Steve’s arms.
Peter smiles and shakes his head. ‘No. Uncle Ben used to bring me and Aunt May every week when the rink went up until he….well when he was alive. We haven’t been since. Come on I’ll show you how to skate backwards.’
‘Don’t let Pete catch you calling him a baby genius,’ Tony laughs. ‘Steve?’ his voice sounds a little tentative.
‘Fury we’re nearly here. You still in the labs?’ Tony asks as they get closer.
‘I have my ways, Anthony,’ Hammer shrugs.
‘Mr Stark I’m sorry I didn’t meant to shout, I just-’
‘You literally signed the permission slip three days ago,’ Peter replies, and Tony swears he can hear an eyeroll in the teen’s response.
A burst of bright light sends Bucky and Zemo flying backwards. Steve barely has time to register what has happened before Strange is standing in front of him, pulling him to his feet.
Love always,
Vision explodes, and Loki covers his eyes, and wishes he could cover his ears at the scream of despair from Wanda.
Tony groans. ‘Just ignore her Vision, she’s trying to wind me up. No I’m not in a relationship with Steve, and I never will be.’
‘Point taken,’ she says, having the decency to look sheepish.
‘I really am sorry for flying off the handle,’ he tells him.
Tony makes a thoughtful noise. ‘I’ve thought about it, but that would mean needing to make them bigger, and they’re already at the edge of being hard to notice as it is. I could make a buddy bot to go with it that has that ability I suppose.’ After a pause he reaches for the other box. ‘Want to try the stun grenades?’
‘Wade? What are you-’
‘And why the fuck are they going to stop there? They’ve got our strongest team member; let’s be honest Wanda is our big gun. She’s the girl with all the fire power. None of us come close to her. I hate to tell you this as well Cap, but we’ve got to be honest: Barnes can take you out in a fight too. He’s the stronger of the super soldiers on our team, you just often get smarter than him. Pete, Thor and Hulk are the only ones with the strength to go up against that metal arm of his. And the worst bit? They’ve
going to trace it back to yours truly no matter how much chaos I caused before. They’re going to start looking at you guys being involved, and there goes our element of surprise.’
‘Sir?’ The man looks over as the door opens.
Hope you all enjoyed these chapters and thank you so much for your continued support. I honestly can't say it enough.
A/N: Oh my life I did not think I was going to get this posted before the end of year, but I've made it by the skin of my teeth! I'm sorry it feels rushed, in truth it was a little as I wanted to get it up before New Year. Also I originally planned for another two chapters and no Stony proposal, but Steve just sneaked it in there and I felt like it was the perfect way to end the story. I may post a chapter in the future that has what everyone created out of their clay figurines in it, but for now this is the end of the Christmas special.
‘Deal. You don’t tell him by midnight tomorrow, we get to,’ Clint grins and hands him a beer. ‘You know for a big bad assassin you are a royal wuss.’
protect my best friend from bullies?’ he demands, gritting his teeth against the tears that are threatening to spill over. ‘I just- I feel so
shells that destroyed their home in the hands of people they should never have been sold to. They spent
‘He left just as you were heading back. I assume he went to his room,’ Sam answers.
‘I know,’ he smiles reassuringly. ‘Last Christmas we all had together my friend and I went a bit overboard too and drove everyone insane trying to get the damn thing back. Where’s your car?’
‘It’s alright Steve, Tony didn’t say anything about me not being able to share stories,’ Rhodes adds. ‘I’m sure we’ll find a way to balance it out.’
‘I’m actually proud of you,’ Natasha laughs, ‘that’s some, as Tony would say, “sneaky spy shit” worthy of Fury.’
‘Not to be rude,’ Wade pipes up, ‘but who
‘You can shut up,’ she says, smiling at the man’s frown.
, Wade, I didn’t try and plan to make it a reality,’ he sighs, looking down from Wade’s eyes to his chest, ‘what if I end up inadvertently getting kids hurt because they think they can become superheroes when they’re just kids too?’
Strange laughs. ‘If it is any consolation I have used the Time Stone to ensure all would be well today and there would be no disruptions.’
‘I’ll rest when we get there.’
why they had to be programmed non-sequentially?’
different memories of the Walker Street fire.’
A knock at the door has everyone turning to look as the Headmaster pokes his head through. ‘Apologies for the interruption. Mr Parker? Can you step outside please? And bring your books with you.’
‘Of course. But I’m not going to shout at him like Steve did.’
‘Answer,’ he mumbles.
‘Ana being?’ Wade asks.
Peter shrugs. ‘I’m used to having to do it at school so it’s not so hard. It’s harder here because I don’t have to worry usually, so I’m freaking even more that I’m going to slip up.’
‘How’d you get your powers? I mean not that you can’t be born with them, but you know, people generally aren’t. I got bitten by a radioactive spider, but I doubt that was what happened to you. Unless it was a paper cut or something from a magic book or-’
‘How are you still alive?’ Bucky demands.
He shrugs. ‘That’s what the team calls it. Guess I just picked it up. Besides Civil War sounds a bit overdramatic if you ask me.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Yes well you aren’t exactly known for being the picture of sanity,’ Peter laughs. ‘I’m excited because Mr Stark invited me and my family to spend Christmas with the team up at the facility. Apparently everyone is staying there over the holidays for once, and he’s even getting Colonel Rhodes’ mom to come over.’
‘Rocket this has to be a
Tony pulls away slightly so he can look up at him; his face is more relaxed than Steve has seen it in a while. ‘Yeah,’ he replies, voice just as soft and sounding a little surprised. ‘Yeah, I’m…’
‘I think he is more than capable of taking care of himself, but yes we shall perform the illusion that he needs assistance,’ Loki rolls his eyes.
‘I’d throw away the Mistress of Death for Peter yes,’ I tell her, eyes narrowing.
‘Good enough for me,’ Steve says, cutting off any more protests. ‘What’s the kid’s name?’
‘Peter!’ he hears Clint’s call of greeting, and everyone turns to look at them as Wade comes in through the door behind him. Everyone giving him small smiles in greeting.
Tony nods and they finish up the last bowl of popcorn before moving to join the others. The inventor tells Peter to put the film on and to get off the ceiling. Steve sits on the couch opposite Tony and can’t help the small smile when Peter takes a seat on the cushioned floor next to where Tony’s sitting. Natasha throws a blanket to Peter once he’s settled and the music starts, and Tony ruffles the kid’s hair. Peter takes a swipe at his mentor, but is nowhere near close to hitting him.
‘And should I choose to lose on purpose?’ he asks.
‘But it’ll be a talking point,’ Steve points out, catching it as the tree starts to fall, ‘besides we could all do with a reminder that we weren’t always as well off as we are now, and some of us came from more humble beginnings.’
‘But-’
Then it gets proper freaky: I turn up dead and speak to Death. As in Lady Death. Oh and not only that: she proposes to me. I mean talk about out of the blue right? Not even one date!
‘Hey,’ he squeezes the soldier’s hand, ‘we will. I promise. How about this: every two months minimum we spend at least one night somewhere else. Even if it’s just a visit to the Cali house or something.’
‘Has he left some of that sliced fruit with the syrup? I didn’t get much at Yule,’ Peter asks, helping Mama Rhodes into her seat.
‘Please don’t do that again,’ he says quietly.
‘You were doing
‘I’m still processing the fact I was complaining to the head of Stark Industries about his products,’ Steve groans, putting his head in his hands. ‘I’m
used to hiding you know, you guys don’t have to worry about that so much it’s more…it’s what we
Steve shakes his head. He honestly has no idea.
‘FRIDAY can you get a War Machine suit inbound?’
Sam comes to lean against the counter next to him, only just dodging a rolled up ball of wrapping paper that Peter throws towards Bucky. ‘I got to admit,’ he says as he reaches the inventor, ‘when Steve said you were going to get Deadpool to join us for Christmas I didn’t think it would end up going this well.’
‘Thank you,’ a little of the tension leaves her shoulders. ‘Alright, Pete, let’s head back. We still need to sort out who’s staying and who’s going.’
‘Always,’ Tony grins, tapping the reactor in his chest. ‘Want me to alert the team?’
‘Never said you were, buddy,’ Clint says as he moves forward and starts to clear through the debris, ‘just wanted to check you could hear properly through this helmet and all the rocks.’ He hears a grunt in response which he guesses means he’s forgiven and continues to get to work.
‘If FRIDAY is half as well programmed as she should be she’s already locked the door and will let the others know not to disturb us. Come here, soldier.’
Tony shakes his head. ‘There’s always a certain amount I kept to one side if emergency aid was required somewhere so it wouldn’t eat into any donations to other projects. I’ve been speaking to Pepper about getting some more set aside for us to use. Since this place and all SI’s buildings run on arc reactors we do manage to save quite a bit on energy bills.’
dare you.’
‘Ok…’ Peter looks apprehensively down into the pot but continues to stir.
‘I love you too. Please talk to me about everything, I can’t stand to see you hurting and not know how to help.’
Bucky blinks. ‘Does that mean you’re staying?’
‘I told you I hadn’t set fire to a kitchen in years,’ Tony sulks as he dishes out the food.
‘I am ready when you are, Thor,’ the dark haired god says, already looking tired.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter, this whole thing was based on a comment from a reader (I'm so sorry I can't remember who it was now!) who said they'd love to see a fight between Peter and Bucky. So basically this whole instalment built out from this chapter. So please please please do keep commenting and letting me know what you think and what you'd like to see. It might not materialise for a while, but it does end up finding a place in a story somewhere.
‘Let’s be honest here Baby Boy, this is not the craziest thing you’ve walked in on me doing.’
about? Seeing as you apparently know all about Weapon-X I’m starting to wonder just how good an actor you actually are.’
‘I’ve been told so.’
‘You know me?’ Strange frowns. ‘I don’t recall ever having made your acquaintance in the past.’
Bucky looks as if he wants to punch him again. ‘I’m going to pretend you aren’t actually that stupid and that my punch just dislodged a few brain cells.’
‘Come on, Tony,’ Steve rolls his eyes, placing a hand on the small of Tony’s back to lead him out of the office, ‘or I may change my mind about tonight.’
‘But they know more about magic than I do if they’re casting runes,’ she counters.
Loki blinks himself awake in time to see Wanda facing Thanos, one hand outstretched towards her enemy, pushing him back and away from her, her other hand reaching out towards Vision, her power surging into the stone.
The team try and find Hulk
‘Yeah?’
‘Surely you would enjoy spending time with another person able to cast magic, brother? You could trade notes!’
‘Since when do I run from a fight?’
trust him, either.’ He runs a hand over the back of his head, pulling a face. ‘I’m not making much sense am I?’
, I have been overruled and the Council agrees with you. If you can find a way to communicate this agreement with all parties and get their consent, they can come home.’
‘One more step and I’ll put a bullet through his brain,’ a voice Peter doesn’t recognise says. He tries to turn his head to take a look but the gun presses harder into his head. ‘Don’t even think about it. Hands on your head, Spider-Man. You even think about webbing anything and I’ll blow a hole in your skull.’
‘Sorry, Wanda,’ Peter says out loud.
‘I’m so proud of him,’ Tony responds, letting his smirk show.
‘Ah,’ Tony can picture Cint’s nod of understanding. ‘And our Tony decided to try and keep up with the gods?’
‘Yeah I’ve already had that talk from Mr Stark,’ Peter snaps, standing up and facing away. ‘I should go,’ he says, preparing his web shooters.
‘But older enough that he’s legal and you’re not right?’ Peter blushes bright red and looks down, nodding his head.
, explain to me why
‘You’re not going to threaten him are you?’ he asks his mentor as they enter the elevator.
‘Whatever you say, Sergeant Barnes,’ comes the cocky reply.
Steve feels like breaking something. Preferably Rumlow’s neck. He knows what Tony’s going to say before he answers. ‘The hit, Captain Rumlow, was on me. I was lucky. Or you’re not quite as good a sniper as you think you are.’
‘This kid seemed to think he was one of your interns,’ the terrorist says, Tony can’t make out any features other than dark eyes, most of his face covered by a woollen mask. Man these guys really need to find some originality.
‘Yes that’s what I’m afraid of,’ Thor sighs, glancing over at Peter who at least looks sheepish. ‘Take care, brother.’
‘You should never underestimate Wakandan technology,’ the king chuckles as he and his guard enter the common area. ‘But what Colonel Fury says is correct. The Accords needed to happen in order for faith to be restored in the Avengers, and all the work that Tony and the rest of you have done in restoring the team has been integral to that as well. Combine this with the evidence we can collect against Ross and his actions, and we should have a good case to present a new suggestion to the world.’
‘What? No!’ Peter laughs. ‘I knew Harry way before I met Ned, but he and his family moved away a few years ago and we fell out of contact; I haven’t seen him since I was like twelve.’
‘I never stopped wanting you,’ Tony admits, ‘and I hate you so much for that.’
‘Vis!’ she shouts, her power dancing at her fingertips before she can second guess herself. ‘Get everyone away.’ Her power wraps around the debris, and she strains against the weight. ‘Hurry!’
Tony tries to keep the triumphant smile from his face, merely nodding his head and taking his leave. He only lets it break out when he’s sat in his car and on his way back to the facility.
There's a surprise waiting for the group in Norway, one that not even Loki could have predicted.
‘Nice of you to join us this side of the Atlantic,’ she teases. ‘Don’t mind Tony, he just likes showing off his toys. He’ll sulk for a few days once you actually get used to them and stop treating it like you’ve walked into a sci-fi film.’
Tony’s face is unreadable, if Steve hadn’t known what he did he would assume this was a genuine business deal.
‘Let’s defeat the ugly alien and then we can discuss trips to MOMA,’ Tony suggests, grabbing one of the pieces of debris the alien had been trying to take his head off with and swinging it towards it, catching it on the side of the head and sending it flying backwards. As he goes to hit it again, the alien catches hold of it and flicks the debris sending him spiralling off.
‘Nope, uh uh, no way, you got yourselves into this and I’m just here to supervise.’
‘Just because they’ve got book smarts doesn’t mean they’re smarter than us.’
‘No, Tree, it is not idiotic it is necessary,’ Thor responds to him. ‘Thanos is attempting to collect all the Infinity Stones and I must replace Mjolnir with a weapon that can destroy the Titan.’
Three days later and Peter is stuck at home doing the work they’d been assigned from school while the builders paid for by Stark Industries repair the damage enough so they can return to class. He’d had to come away from the facility. He felt too guilty, and Tony’s missing presence was like a black hole. Not to mention he couldn’t do much to help with the team’s efforts to find him.
‘What’s sorbet?’ the trickster asks.
‘They’ve got more volunteers in that truck,’ Bucky says. ‘What do we do? I hate to think of leaving them but I don’t know we’ve got the time to get to them.’
‘Both! Do you know how hard it is to deal with a sulky teenager, let alone one that sulks cross-legged on the ceiling?’ May groans.
‘How many other Captain Americas do you know, Pepper?’ Tony rolls his eyes.
‘No! No I’m fine, Karen. I just need a minute,’ he replies, rocking himself backwards and forwards until his stomach finally starts to feel more under control and he notices the wetness on his cheeks. When had he started crying?
‘You alright, Buck?’ Steve asks his friend, who’s looking a little tense.
There’s a pause on the other end. ‘They’ve already been agreed?’ Tony hates the suspicion in the other’s voice.
‘Uh huh,’ Peter nods.
As always here's your sneak peek:
he tells the trickster, -
‘They grow on you eventually,’ she explains to Nebula, who is watching the interaction with interest, ‘but it drives you insane along the way.’
‘You know I’m starting to rethink this whole invite you up for Christmas thing.’
Please let me know what you think, I do like feedback whether its positive, negative or a mixture of both!
‘Hopefully, I did everything on Spider-Man’s suit I needed to,’ he shrugs.
There’s quiet for a few moments. ‘I tried, Sam, but he’s still thinking of leaving after Christmas.’
Steve just shakes his head with a small smile. ‘So is that a yes?’
‘I’m sorry.’
‘FRIDAY can you let Peter know I’m on my way to his room to say sorry?’ he says as he stands up.
‘Good,’ she pats his cheek, a big smile on her wrinkled face. ‘You’re being very sensible I think.’
Sam bursts out laughing. ‘Are you talking about Santa?’
‘I’d like to know,’ one of the mothers says, ‘if you honestly think the Winter Soldier is safe, having met him.’
Tony raises a hand, cutting him off. ‘Save it kid. You alright to help or do I need to send you to the jet to keep an eye on our friend here?’
Stay safe and love always,
‘Ajax?’ she asks.
group of friends shall remain unharmed.’
‘I really want to be a superhero like my Daddy when I get older,’ she announces, ‘do you think I can become a superhero at fifteen like you? That isn’t too many years away.’
‘No you’re not,’ Rhodes replies.
‘Hey, what did I miss?’
‘Hey!’ he protests, having prised the web off enough to talk. He’s had so much practise it’s genuinely scary how quickly Wade can get rid of his webs now.
‘I mean, kinda? Not to the same extent as I do here, but yeah I have to watch my strength and my speed and my senses. I can tell you most of the gossip at school because people tend to do it within my hearing range without realising. At first I got so many headaches until I learned to block it out.’
When the knock comes at his door less than twenty minutes later Peter isn’t sure whether to ignore it, tell the person to come in, or tell them to fuck off again. He decides the last option is possibly the worst one, and the door opens before he can choose between the first two.
‘Yes and no. I was
Everything Steve has planned to say in this moment flies from his mind. All he was going to say about everything that Tony is doing and that he needs to let the team help disappears. ‘Tony I’m so sorry.’
about us until a year ago.’
‘Wade!’ Tony says down the comms. ‘Get the gauntlet over here!’
‘Where is he?’ Steve growls.
‘No need to shout, Captain,’ Strange sighs as he and Wong appear at the top of the staircase, ‘we are right here and already aware thanks to Stark’s system.’
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoy this last chapter - yeah we're onto IW next. Please do let me know what you think of this chapter and if you have any requests for the next instalment and I will do my best to incorporate where I can.
‘Well…let’s be honest who is going to be annoying who the most with this new found ability? My money is on one of them seriously hurting the other within three days.’
Peter smiles gratefully and peels the soaked shirt off of him, shoving it into his bag and pulling on the hoodie. It’s a little big but it’s warm and soft, and as the banter starts back up again he can’t help but feel lucky he can count the Avengers amongst his friends.
Before anyone can say anything else there’s the sound of a spaceship flying over them; they all, Thanos included, look up to see a brightly coloured ship flying over them, two figures jump out of the back, one heavily built and covered with tattoos and one slighter with a deadly grace that reminds Loki of Natasha. When she lands he recognises her: Nebula. One of Thanos’ adopted daughters.
A few days after the hostage incident finds Peter swinging through the streets of Queens. He’s had a pretty busy patrol today, the universe is obviously wanting to prove Mr Stark right.
Peter can’t concentrate on his lessons.
‘Tony I don’t want you to think I chose him over you because I considered you less of a friend,’ he says, taking a few steps towards the genius. ‘I stood by him because I knew he was being accused of something he didn’t do and I couldn’t stand by and let injustice win when one of my best friends was involved.’
Love always,
‘Don’t worry Sam I was only coming to say I’m going up to help Mama Rhodes and Vision in the kitchen.’
As he pulls off his suit and puts on normal clothes to go have dinner with Aunt May he hesitates and takes out his phone, feeling a little disappointment at the lack of a new contact.
‘T’Challa!’ Nakia leaps across to the king, sending them both sprawling to the ground just as an explosion rocks through the room.
‘Only one more question now,’ one of aides says from Tony’s side. He sees Happy standing in the background looking menacing and can’t help a small smile at the sight of his unofficial ‘super-babysitter’.
Harry’s face lights up. ‘Pete that’s awesome! I know how worried you were just before we lost contact about coming out.’
‘Wow really? Hey Doc I think we’re worse than Tony on an inventing stint,’ he laughs as he pulls away from the redhead. ‘Can I come round tomorrow and help again?’ He looks between the two adults.
‘Oh come on this is clearly a case of him taking advantage of the kid’s kindness,’ Rhodes argues.
you have to say?’
‘What are you doing, Steve?’
‘Yo you reached the merc with the mouth,’ a familiar voice says.
out, the car pulls up to a stop outside the apartment block. ‘Come on, kid, I’ll walk you up,’ he says, opening his car door, ‘you look beat.’
‘You set the kitchen on fire
‘That, and it’s easier for us to sneak things in than it is for you to sneak the shield in,’ she grins at him. ‘Now get a move on!’
Strange continues to instruct him on breathing until, finally, he doesn’t feel quite so much like a new born fawn, and is able to breathe regularly again. ‘Alright?’
‘Aww you always say the nicest things to me.’
‘Maybe we should start calling him Papa Stark,’ Bucky suggests, the grin on his face threatening to break it in two.
‘Fine then if you’re breaking the rules then so am I,’ Peter huffs and pushes himself up and over to straddle his boyfriend.
‘Sorry, Vis,’ he says.
‘Both,’ she replies after a pause.
‘Anyway,’ Natasha rolls her eyes and tries not to think too much about the headaches she’s going to get over this month, ‘why don’t we tell you what we’ve done over the past few years and then you can let us know if there’s anything you used to do for Christmas, Quill?’
‘No trips to the hospital you two!’ Tony shouts, and the youngest members of the team slow their spin. Wanda’s a little wobbly as she waits for the world to right itself, but Peter manages to recover quicker and is soon trying to urge Sam to make faster laps.
‘Harssssh wordssss, Peter,’ Venom hisses.
‘Kid if you think a banana split is going to work then be my guest and take it down to her,’ Bucky says. ‘But I’m having FRIDAY record it if it goes wrong.’
‘You’re just siding with Peter,’ Bucky huffs.
‘This is hardly scary,’ Loki rolls his eyes. ‘And if you think it is then I seriously doubt your abilities as a so-called superhero.’
‘Loki has agreed to teach us all the traditional Asgardian dances for Yule,’ Thor proclaims happily.
Watson looks irritated. ‘Our orders were to deliver James Barnes to you, sir, and that has been accomplished with the help of the handcuffs.’
‘There are a lot of words we could use to describe you, Tony,’ Natasha says, finally getting her sniggering under control, ‘but
‘No, they put me in a cab and told him to take me wherever I needed, I told him a random address, then managed to slip into the suit and got Ralph to carry me somewhere else. I did that in a couple of cabs before getting into the one that brought me here. Hope I threw them off.’
And here's probably the shortest sneak peek I've ever given:
‘Would you prefer
I hope you've been enjoying it so far. Let me know what you think and if there's anything you want to see in the future.
‘Tony-’ whatever Bucky was going to say is cut off by what he assumes is a shake of the head from Vision. He gives the man’s shoulder a squeeze as he walks by and takes the seat next to Natasha.
‘Don’t know what you’re talking about, Sam.’
would do better,’ Clint argues, ‘you’re just scared of getting too attached when you know it’s most likely you’ll outlive him.’
‘We’re not
‘Or just plain annoying,’ Peter grumbles, going back to scrubbing the chocolate mush on the ceiling. ‘I didn’t even realise we
Daredevil looks at him for a few more moments before nodding. ‘Stay out of Hell’s Kitchen. Both of you. The moment I think your judgement is impaired I’ll take him out myself.’ Peter watches him go, arms crossed over his chest and trying to ignore the pounding of his heart. He’s surprised the other two didn’t hear it.
fan.’
‘We’ve lost enough choices recently,’ he explains, ‘the least we can do is choose who leads us. But anyway,’ he waves his hand, ‘we’ve got a couple of days to think about it. Hopefully this’ll make other people more willing to help, even if they don’t officially join the team, when shit hits the fan.’
Peter shakes his head. ‘He’s trying to give people confidence in the team again. Germany kind of ruined that.’
Wanda doesn’t often train against the rest of the team, although she does her own workouts in the gym to stay in shape and so she can keep up on the battlefield, her powers mean she doesn’t need the same kind of combat training as the others. She’s been given basic hand to hand combat training, and knows how to disarm someone without her powers should she ever need to keep her powers hidden during a mission, and has regular ‘top up’ lessons with Steve or Natasha, but that’s the extent of it.
‘Peter? Honey come on talk to me,’ May pleads, he can sense the rest of the occupants have started to notice something wrong, but it doesn’t fully pierce the fog in his brain.
‘Much to the chagrin of the Warriors Three,’ he chuckles.
‘Each of them comes back on mutually agreeable terms, Mr Cardy. Certain restrictions could be put in place, for example, or certain training regimes in order to enable them to control their powers better.’
‘That was today? You’ve got to tell me about it, I still haven’t had a proper look around that place yet.’
‘It’s only for now,’ Tony says, grabbing his glass from the table. ‘Until everyone’s attention is grabbed by the latest celebrity couple break up. Now that’s enough serious talk for one night. You two lovebirds go… do whatever it is you do. I don’t want to know. Have fun!’
Thank you so much to everyone for the wonderful response to the first two chapters. I hope you continued to enjoy these two! Loki's ice cream addiction came from a suggestion from a reader so thank you so much for that, it had me giggling that he now uses bowls of ice cream as bargaining chips.
. Anything you did, you did under orders not knowing any other way existed. You were broken into pieces and then you escaped, you broke out of it and you put yourself back together and you helped save half the
‘And what is that?’ Loki asks with a raised eyebrow.
She lowers her hands and looks at her feet. ‘I’m sorry,’ she mumbles.
‘I definitely don’t doubt your ego,’ she rolls her eyes. ‘When you said they could be activated remotely you failed to mention they could be
‘You mean he thinks the kid that Stark is interested in is Spider-Man?’ his guest laughs. ‘That kid would go flying off a bridge in a stiff breeze. You not seen the footage?’
‘We do,’ Strange’s tone is nervous and he looks towards Wanda.
‘He doesn’t want me, Sam, now leave it.’
‘How?’ Bucky demands, gathering up the cards up and shuffling the pack with a sigh.
‘Get behind me, Steve,’ Bucky says, planting Steve firmly between his back and a wall. Steve does his best to wrap his body around the part of Tony his shield isn’t able to protect.
technological geniuses of our time and you still need me to do the computer stuff?’ she teases through the comms.
‘Don’t worry Sam I got us covered,’ Tony says, inputting a few commands into his watch and watching half of his suit and Sam’s wings come flying towards them.
he can feel the god’s worry through the link, -
‘You’ve literally brought buildings down, Baby Bay.’
‘And boy did you keep that promise,’ Bucky laughs, nudging Steve under the table. ‘I wonder what he would have said to find out you ended up with Steve.’
‘Ok,’ Peter tries to stop the bubbling fear inside of him. ‘Err…any memory?’
‘There’s no use in speculating until we can speak to Strange and get his take on it all,’ Steve cuts off any more discussion. ‘If HYDRA can jump across dimensions and get access to other versions of us, not to mention other technologies…we need to find a way to stop them and fast.’
‘Shit it’s the Winter Soldier!’ the boys scatter as Bucky reaches where Peter’s still on the floor, he looks about ready to chase after them.
‘You’re joking.’
‘Be that as it may, you expect us to believe he could be useful to the team?’ Ross demands.
‘Trust me, baby,’ he laughs, starting to help Steve get out of his shoes and then his pants, ‘I’m going to make sure you are reminding everyone of this for the next few
‘Can we
the time, whether I want them to or not; and family are used to me coming in late sometimes.’
He gets an eye roll in response. ‘It’s not like it was my first time, Tony; you make it sound like I was raised in a monastery or something.’
‘Hmph,’ Happy starts the car and pulls out of his parking spot. ‘Not yet, I don’t really know how to if I’m honest.’
Loki’s has two last intended victims for Christmas Eve. He catches his brother in the corridors as they head to their rooms, having already noticed the sprig in the corridor outside their rooms. The last one he needs to go to the workshop for.
A happily ever after
His smile turns a little more sad. ‘This is proving a difficult year for you isn’t it? Your powers are only making it worse too.’
Steve races over to join them. ‘Any casualties?’
‘I’ll warn you, Steve,’ Pepper sighs as he walks towards Tony’s office, ‘he’s in a particularly difficult mood today.’
‘Some of the public are forming a ring around an area for us. I shall go and start to take some of the broken parts there now to lighten the load,’ he tells her, taking to the skies and taking a large chunk of debris from her pile. Immediately she feels a small sense of relief and grits her teeth.
‘Fifteen minutes. You and me in a room with him. I just want to ask him some questions of my own,’ he tries to reason with her. ‘I think I’m on to something here, I just need him to confirm it for me. The only person he might admit it to is
‘What? Why?’
‘We saved you some,’ Wanda laughs, ‘because he was going to eat his way through the whole lot.’
The face in front of me starts melting and shifting. Peter’s wavy brown curls lengthen and straighten, turning long and black. The face shifts into a woman’s, the body getting taller underneath me. When it finishes I’m not sure Francis isn’t still playing some sort of sick twisted game.
Steve feels his heart sink. Tony hadn’t gone to Peggy’s funeral because he didn’t think Steve would have wanted him there.
As he gets up and ready to leave he hears the merc say, very quietly. ‘Wade.’
‘I’m talking to them!’ Deadpool gestures in front of him.
know?’
‘Nice speech,’ Bucky grins when Steve’s finished.
‘Only because he’s ganging up on me with you.’
stones,’ Loki says, ‘not with my rule still so new, loyalties not yet fully known, and our army depleted after the battle with Thanos.’
Wade however, is seeing red, and pushes himself from the bar stool and through the crowd around the pool table to the front, just as Mark gets thrown to the side to land on a heap on the floor.
Steve sees Bucky nod and can’t do anything as the man raises his gun.
‘Fine,’ Tony grumbles, settling back against Steve’s chest as he presses the call button on his phone; one of Steve’s arms snakes around his waist as the soldier goes back to reading his book.
‘They are not called Peter-tingles,’ he huffs, ‘that just sounds stupid.’
‘Why’s that an issue?’
‘Peter Parker is Spiderman,’ Tony replies, heading for the door. ‘You met him in Germany. Now suit up everyone we’ll review everything on the way.’
Tony hangs his head and Peter is struck by how tired he looks. ‘We never should have done this school trip.’
Love always,
‘Remind me why I put up with you.’
When it’s over and people are beginning to stand up to leave Peter all but leaps out of his chair and goes to give both May and Tony a hug; Bucky stands up as soon as he’s reached the two adults and makes his way down the stairs.
‘Right, yeah,’ Peter looks down at his own food, forcing himself to eat it even though he doesn’t have much of an appetite any more.
‘So are you coming?’ Tony asks, standing up and straightening out his jacket. ‘Because we are on a tight schedule if we’re going to make it back in time for dinner, and the big meet where you and Spider-Man have to reveal identities before.’
‘And they used to say you could charm the clothes off of anyone you wanted. Obviously they were all people who’d never met you!’ comes the retort.
left to go pick him and Hope up from the facility,’ Natasha replies, ‘you know there’s no way he’ll be back yet.’
‘Also be sitting out because you’re not old enough-’
‘Tony are you alright?’ Peter frowns as he watches the inventor walk to the kitchenette. ‘You’re walking funny.’
Loki briefly explains what they are going to be doing and then everyone splits into groups to get started. ‘And no cheating with powers!’ Peter calls, looking pointedly at Wanda who sticks her tongue out at him.
Tony and Peter’s faces light up in identical grins. ‘We are so showing you Frozen!’
‘Perhaps if you paid attention to your phone you would have done?’ the sorcerer replies as he steps through a portal, Wong behind him.
